title|content
Can play every day!Opening the warp "Kim Mi-Ju", the model of Kimchi Dum, who is fascinated with golf (picture)|Take to know Kim Mi-Ju, one of the famous South Korean social media Which can say that the boys When you see it, it is necessary for this beautiful beautiful woman. There are more than 8.37 thousand Instagram Danlyun's Instagram followers. And is considered a woman who loves health very much-Ju Like playing golf life Which she often comes out with a gang of friends Almost every day As for other exercise activities that she is favorite is Playing server, Pilates, including traveling to various places, with-Ju himself said that she is lonely. Can't stay still Must always find something to do That became an unknown advantage. Because this is a secret that makes her in a good mood And also helps the fitness shape to pull the boys As you can see
Big chest is the reason!"Minami Wiji" from a former rising star swimmer to the Idol (picture)|Regarded as another beautiful girl, raw fish that has a young boyfriend Has been supporting the work for the 5 years that entered the Granavier Idol industry for "Minami Wachi", a former Japanese mermaid for a 27 -year -old mini, a girl from Fukuo. Shift The owner of 165 cm height, weighing 50 kg. Her puppet is at 37-24-34 inches, but her important highlights that make the fans shaken are the chest in the heart cup. No, she used to be the main swimmer of the school from elementary school to junior high school. But when going up to high school Her body grows rapidly. Especially the chest area that is very obstacle to swimming Therefore having to end the dream of being an athlete by default after searching for his own preference for many years Finally, in 2017, at the age of 22, Minami decided to use her appearance as a way to enter the shooting industry. Responding to swimwear and underwear Until more than 10 sets of work have been released. Minami once interviewed that Previously, in her life, she never even wearing a bikini before. Aside from swimsuit when he was an athlete But she thinks that the Granavier Idol's career can be a way for her to do other careers. Next, from having a fan base The other favorite activity is golf, tourism, food and reading for anyone who wants to follow the work and beautiful pictures. Of the former young mermaid, which is now one of the sexy models Followed to follow the Wacchime Instagram with more than 2.4 hundred thousand fans.
Summary of the Premier League football match 2, 13-15 Aug 65, update the Premier Lee Lee.|The head of the Man City opened the house, won 4-0 in this match, the crowd, while Arsenal was ranked 2nd in Brentford, which won the Manchester United 4-0, ranked 3rd and Spurs and Sher. Liz always divides the points to the 4th and 7th place in the middle of the Aston Villa. The house opens the Everton 2-1, ranked 9th and 4 Bournemouth, who lost to the number 11 in Fo. The REST won the top 23 years, up to the top 10, always in Liverpool. This match is ranked 12th, still waiting for the victory this season. Not as beautiful as it should be Still not looking for victory at the end of the table in This week, the Premier League score
Clear angels "Phen Pheng", the most female model to the two -wheeled industry (picture)|Considered as another girl who likes to exercise by cycling life for "face", Phen Poh Puang, sexy model. That still takes good care of the body as usual Former playboy girl Began to be interested in cycling for over 3 years. Her regular places are Chareon Suk Mongkhon Chit Bicycle Stadium That she often spinning with her friends This work gives her to be a real health care girl. Can be seen from regular exercise While also having beautiful images And sexy online for fans Watching as well. For the present, even though she has been away from a long time of charcoal, the fans can subsidize her with her business at Crazy Sushi The Aqua Ari - Japanese restaurant. Saphan Khwai Branch
Come quickly!The most famous guru "Ten Hak" was hit by Manchester United for sure.|The famous Richard Key Guru revealed that the Manchester United club has a plan to release Eric Ten Hak from the position, even if they just control the team in the Premier League and ready to set Meri. Sio Pochettino, former Tottenham Hotspur and Paris Saint-Germain Take up the position as reported by the Express, although the Holland manager has just been appointed to oversee the Red Devils from Ralf Rang Nick, temporary manager at the end of the season. But it seems that he is in a difficult situation, after leading the team to lose the first 2 matches of the season, Brighton and Brentford in the latest match. Gave an interview to B. Insport, which he believes that the 20 -time league champion will wait for the opportunity to break to the national team brakes for the first time to judge the future of the News. "Now, last week, we were talking about Eric. Ten Hak and the work he had to face at Manchester United in the opening game, they did not do well. But yesterday, it was very bad. "" Now I have 2 Manchester United theory. I saw 2 matches and they thought that this might be an important mistake. This man is not suitable for their team. That is the fact that they do not agree to throw money in the market once. "" In September, it was the first national brake period. This is a good opportunity like Crystal Palace used to do with Frank de Bour. ​​They will expel Ten Hak and maybe the time when Pochettino will continue to control the team, "Keyse stated.
It is strange. "Casterino" in doubt. "Klopp" never cares "Obama Myung".|Tony Casarino, former Chelsea's striker, warned his old team after the news prepared to pull. Pierre-Emerick Obame Young is back to the Premier League again, according to the report from the Talk Sports center, the Gabon national team moved out of Arsenal to Barcelona without value when Past winter market And returned to the news with the team of Thomas Twola in the summer market. This is well known that both Tukel and Obao had worked together in Borussia Dortmun. Which both are familiar with However, Casarino observed why the 33 -year -old football has never had news with the Liverpool manager Yergen Klopp, who was awakened him when Bundesliga. Even once. "He is a top score. And is a remarkable footballer But the only thing that I was worried about was that Yergen Klopp never used the service again. He used to work with Obama May Young in Dortmun, but Yergen never even interested. "" He played excellent while in Klopp but never thought of pulling to join the team. Which is saying something to you, "said Casarino.
Look at the program+live broadcast"Thai national women's volleyball team" Wad the AVC Cup 2022|Women's Volleyball Competition, AVC Cup 2022 (AVC Cup 2022) or Women's Volleyball Championship 2022, held in the Philippines. Between 21-29 August, "Thai girl slapping army" in the first round was arrested in Group B together with Japan, Taiwan and Australia, by competing every match in the Philippines Arena, the city. Pasig, Sunday, August 21, 2022, time: 15.00 hrs. Thailand meets Japan, Monday, August 22, 2022 at: 15.00 hrs. Thailand meets Australia on Wednesday 24 August 2022 at: 15.00 hrs. VC Cup 2022 fans can watch live broadcast on One31 and PPTV 36 in every online game at the Thai national team. Competition
So hot!"Prae Ploi", a famous boxer, wearing a bikini dress, made a young man. Oh (picture)|Having said that, it became more well -known for Praei, a former female boxer who became a famous news after she was unknown by a man with water. When refusing to hit the glass Until the quarrel occurred, then the clip became viral And is a social issue about the protection of women through Muay Thai sports This event made many young women flock to study Thai boxing in order to protect themselves in the latest. Former 24 -year -old fist had saved the boxer, turning to wear a sexy bikini to swim in the hot water on a vacation trip. Before showing off the image on social media This event made the fans and the boys press the heart together. For Prae Ploy, or real name, Prae Ploy Sae Ai started training boxing since the age of 13, won many awards. As well as having participated in the Muay Thai Competition in the World University The model weighs not more than 63.5 kg in 2018, which at that time she won the best female boxer in the tournament. The name in the industry is "Prae Ploy, Bangkok Thani University" or "Prae Ploy, Senior Charn Sing" nickname "right, uncle" with the right kick. She is the owner of the recording statistics. 50 Fights win 40 fights, losing 10 fights.
Mu is coming!"Sema Petch" revealed a new tattoo pattern.Restructured before washing the eyes "power angel"|"The left, the sky through" Sema Petch Fair Tex, finding an anchor based on faith by tattooing auspicious talisman on the back and hands. Believe in sacred things and teachers will protect Before the battle with "Rit Angel, Petch Yindee Academy" in one 160: II Christian VS, which will be broadcast live on Friday, August 26, tattooing with the warrior. Since ancient times, Sema Petch, as one of the fighters on the canvas, believed in the matter of tattooing to build morale and prosperity in life as well. By the popular tattoo option "five rows of talisman" that is believed to help support all aspects of the universal And also have a golden hand talisman Referred to the tattoo on both hands to help with financial luck Many people may suspect that the reason that Sema Petch has invested once. Is it because the person has to fight a big battle with the skill of the younger deities as well? Because this battle is the number one challenge to the King One Muay Thai Boxing force, and if he lost as if it had to be Lost the right to win the world championship with "Nong Oh, a five -star grilled chicken" that has been waiting for a long time by default. Referred to that "The reason I went In order to have a hawk Tattoo so that we can feel that we have a teacher to protect And remember the virtue Must practice well When tattooing, it will enhance confidence. Faith to yourself Does not affect the confidence in this fight I just want to hold the mind. "Prepare to meet the major blood battles between" Sema Petch VS Angel "in one 160: vs Christian II on Friday 26 Aug 65. Watch live broadcast. Through Watch.onefc.com, One Super App, YouTube, One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start at 17.30 hrs. And the Thai Rath TV Channel 32 receives the live signal at 21.30 hrs.
"Nuz" gets red cards!10 Liverpool opened the nest according to the palace 1-1, the Premier League.|The English Premier League football match between "Reds" Liverpool VS Crystal Palace at Anfield. On Monday night, August 15, the game opened as the "Reds" side, dominated the game pressure immediately 8th minute, Trent Alexander-Arnold. Scoop the ball into the penalty area. Darwin Nuz washed out of the crossbar. Unfortunately, the 17th minute. The host almost got again. Andrew Robertson snatched into the penalty area, pressed the ball to receive the ball. Entered the way, Louis Diaz fired over, but still went into the hand, Bisene, Guo Ital, who stood closing the corner of the 32 minutes. Bearie EE stabbed the ball before stabbing through the channel for Wilfed Sakha to slip into the penalty area to spin with the right pole into Crystal Palace, led 1-0 minutes 45+3, the home team won the rivalry. Harvie Elliott got the ball on the left before opening for Darwin Nuz to rest the ball before hitting the right, the ball hit the pole unfortunately. 0-1 come back to play in the second half of the 57th minute. The situation of the host is bad when Darwin Nuz controls the emotions in the rhythm of Joi Akim Andersen to use the head, causing the red card to be fired from. At the 61st minute, the host continues to invade Louis Diaz, dragging many people before cutting in and then spinning with the right right, curving the second pole into the beautiful Liverpool, following 1-1 minutes. At 87 "Reds" almost got a goal from the opening of the ball into the defensive zone, the visiting team extracted to enter Mohamed Salah, pressed with the left, the penalty area fell off the pole a little during the rest of the time. There is no more goal to finish the game. "Reds" Liverpool can only open the house with 1-1 Crystal Palace. And still have to wait for the victory this season. The list of players of both Liverpool (4-3-3): Alison Bake-Trant Alexander-Arnold , Nathani Lilpes, Fergil van Dijk, Andrew Robertson -Harvie Elliott, Fabinho, James Milner - Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nuz, Louis Diva Crisisal Palace (5-4-1): Bisene, Kua Italian-Nethana Kleen, Joe El Ward, Yokim Andersen, Mark Guehi, Taikri Mitchell -Eberase Ee, Sheikh Kure, Jeffrey Chonphue, Wi Saha - Jordan Ayew, the referee: Paul Tierney
Look at the problem of "Nu Nes" Liverpool shooting star.Heavy, rival, hit by a red card, fired from the field (clip)|It was a very talked about the actions of Darwin Nuz, a new shooting star of "Reds" Liverpool in the game that the home team opened, only with Crystal Palace at Anfield. On Monday night, August 15, in the 57th minute of the 23 -year -old center game, unable to control his emotions when he clashed with Yokim Andersen, the defender after the visiting team. Before being pushed into the back and pointing in front of This event made the person boiling to put the head down to the parties to lie down on the floor, causing Paul Tierne to the referee to raise the red card immediately from the field. Referred to as the decision was trying to protest, but James Milner came to ban and ordered the person to walk out of the field before the end of the game "Reds" will only be able to always do with Crystal Palace 1-1. Collected only one point for the penalty from the direct red card of Darwin Nuz in this game, the person will miss the opportunity to enter 3 games together. Bournemouth and played in another house. Meet Newcastle.
Fans flock to accept a lot!"Kotamura", a handsome fighter, a punch "Buakhao", arriving in Thailand (picture)|Has received a lot of attention for "King Junior" Kotimura, the handsome Japanese star, the true son of "King Kasu", Kasuyoshi Miura, the legendary Japanese national team striker, the program must fight with "Black. "Buakhao Bancha Mek, the Thai beloved fighter, with the latest Japanese fighters, 20 years old, has arrived in Thailand. In the midst of the welcome of the fans waiting to pick up at Suvarnabhumi Airport On Monday evening, August 15, before the official press conference today for the schedule, both will meet in Ratchadamnoen World Series (RWS) on Friday, August 19. Can follow the live broadcast on Workpoint 23 at 21.15 hrs.
Can you put your head?!FA does not punish "Romero" because "pulling the hair" is not specified in the law of football.|Smoke lost after the boiling game at Stamford Bridge between Chelsea, found the latest Tottenham Hotspur, Christian Romero, the defensive team of the visiting team. Will not be punished back From the rhythm to play outside the game, put Mark Gukuyaree, the new left -back of the home team, happened in the last minute. Argentina national team defender to pull the Spanish Full Back hair, but Anthony Taylor, the referee in this game Not blowing as a fluffy ball After checking with the team in the VAR room, it was the origin of the rival of the golden spur chicken after Harry Ken tackles the corner of the corner from the continuous rhythm after the end of the Thomas Tokyl game. Luff Disagree with the decision of Anthony Taylor, starting from the first goal that the team lost Kai Harware, was foul first and Ricar Lizon stood in a advanced position. Then obscure the visibility of Edwarmandee, his checkpoint, while the second goal The German coach doesn't understand that How does his team not foul? When Mark Gukuyu was clearly pulled me like that Along with tucking the duties of the referee that "When can we pull the hair on the football field?" However, According to the rules of the English Football Association The punishment of the players will be able to do it only when The referee on the field and in the VAR room did not notice the incident at that time and not mentioned in the report after the game, as if Christian Romeo would not be punished back. From the rhythm to pull me, Mark Gukuraya, because Anthony Taylor perceived the incident at that time. And checked with the VAR room, which he did not blow as a foul ball. At the same time, "pulling the hair" was not specified as one of the harsh behavior in the law of football. The referee must therefore use your own discretion that Is it a violent behavior of hair? If yes, that player will be given a red card. If it is just a behavior that does not have a generous athlete That player will be given a yellow card, but in the case of Christian Romeo, Anthony Taylor sees it as not in the above behavior. The players then survived the penalty in accordance with the regulations for sports that have identified that pulling the hair is one of the harsh behavior, which is rugby. That person will be banned in the past, such as the case of Chris Ashton, the rugby of North Hmpton, who was banned for 4 weeks by pulling the rival hair.
The head is pain!The famous media hit Manchester United. Plan to buy "Wardi" to solve the offensive line.|The famous British media Di Atletic reported that Manchester United is considering the drawing of Leicester City's veteran in the Premier League team. Join the team before closing the summer market. After they had experienced a serious offensive game in the past 2 games, the Red Devils had just attacked Brentford with a score 0-4 on Saturday. After the first match was attacked by Brighton, slashing to win 2-1, with 1 goal that was obtained was the entrance to the competitors. This means that they are not able to score at 2 matches. Open head report from the Atletic states that in order to solve the said problem. United then considered the new striker, with Leicester City's 35 -year -old JM Wardee Vardee as an important target. But according to the news, The Fox has clearly shown that they do not want to release important players from the team in any way. Previously, the Red Devils team had become news with Marco Aruna Wichd. Bologna's face has arrived. They submitted about 7-9 million pounds to consider. But was rejected back And did not submit additional proposals Because the players were opposed by the Red Devils football fans in the case of racism, which occurred in the Euro 2020 battle.
Look at the atmosphere of "Thai national women's volleyball team" to prepare for the AVC Cup 2022.|Thai national women's volleyball team Prepare to go through the AVC Cup Volleyball Battle 2022 (AVC Cup 2022) or Women's Volleyball Championship 2022, held in the Philippines. Between 21-29 August by "Urgent Coach" Danai Sri Watcharamethakul Thai national team trainer Called all the players of the team, led by Pornphan Kerdpra, Chatch Churamoksri and Pimphichaya G, traveling to practice at Sports Science Center Building Sports Authority of Thailand To fit the body for the competition that will occur this weekend, which the good news of the Thai team is Thad Dao, think of the fast ball of the team that has been injured by the program. Nation League Women's Volleyball 2022, the first week in Turkey In June, he recovered and returned to practice with friends. Okay for "Thai young lady slap" arrested in Group B together with Japan, Kazakhstan, Taiwan and Australia, with the first match against Japanese national team in the Philippines Arena, Pasig, on Sunday 21 August at 15.00 hrs. Fans can watch live broadcast on One31.
A little but great!"Mane" sends 150 gifts to all Liverpool employees (pictures).|Sadio Mane, the center of the Senegal national team Is going well with the new agency, Bayern Munich, after entering the field, 3 goals, and winning the DEF-Super Cup With the team last month, however, he has not forgotten to deliver the nostalgia to his old team like Liverpool, this time, came to send a gift to the Staff and the Liverpool staff of 150 boxes. The inside consists of chocolate, his pictures and greeting cards. In order to thank you for working for 6 years for those who work behind the club and help the team to succeed. "Thank you for your support. You will never walk alone. "Christian Fly, a reporter from Body, Germany and Bayern Munich, reported that Mane has delivered a gift from the cleaning staff to the club security officers. Liverpool by all employees will receive chocolate, greeting cards and pictures of him as a gift for Sadio Mane, which is considered one of the loved players of Liverpool fans for 6 seasons that wear "Reds" shirts. The work in the field made 120 goals 49, ASC, from playing 269 matches outside the field, he also helped various charity events. Including helping the poor in the poor in the city, providing scholarships to students Or help clean Liverpool mosque when having the opportunity Before he left Anfield after the end of the season, while winning a total of 6 champions.
Football life column: "PSG", a new coach than before?|PSG, a billionaire team of the French league Opening a new season by traveling Mont Cradler 5-2 by Neymar made two goals alone. This trip comes with a new manager like Christophav Gatirer, who replaced Merisio Pochetino, a domestic mission, including their UEFA Champions League. Successful or not? It is really interesting. The first game, Kalistrier organized a 3-4-3 player in the system, using 3 quarterbacks, Sergio Ramos, Marquinyos and President. Kim Pimbae, with the wingback on both sides, Ashraf Haki and Nano Mendes. Overall, it seems to be good in the past. Since buying the top players like Neymar in 2017 for 222 million euros from Barcelona, ​​followed by 180 million euros from Kiliyan MBP, from Monaco and the latest, Lionel Messi 2021. From Barca as well Unfortunately, both the power of money and superstars did not make them reach the dream side. It's the best of the runner-up position in 2020, which they lost to Bayern Munich 0-1 this year. Although the club did not throw anyone with a huge amount But lucky to be able to renew the contract with MBPP, so in the front of Kalinar, there are also plenty of options, including Mauro Ekardee, Yulian Danceler, Pobo. Lausarabia and Huko Akiti were waiting on a reserve bench in the middle, despite releasing Angel Di Maria and Gini Vietnam, but it was Renato Sanchez. The Portuguese that carried the cloth and carried the old boss. Which should create a new dimension in fierce and biting, not letting PSG, because in the past there were only classic, Marco Verrat and Leso Paredes, probably the intervention that made The team is balanced. In the back of the veteran, Sergio Ramos came back to stand with Mark Qinnos and the right -back. that It should be considered as the number 1 in his position. At the moment, the Dan Pole doesn't have to worry, because there is a dish of Luke Ji Don Narum, which the club pulled it last season, including Kay Lornabas at Still with the team and Sergio Rico, another person considered the overall force. Now it depends on the head coach and how well it is. Because in the past, PSG seems to not have a coach with a degree to the rainy season. At the right timing, it was changed to Kalyari. This is considered a new one. Measure the horoscope whether it will be accomplished or not, but only say that if you do something, you must hurry to do it because Messi is 35 years old. 36 at the end of the season. And he is about to expire with the club Along with the news that Jon Lapata, the president of Barcelona, ​​is planning to pull Messi back to Camp Nou, when the season is closed, and Neymar is 30 and probably not. Over Look at PSG right now. It should be a "Now Or Never" situation. If not this trip, it will be long! When the 2022 World Cup that Qatar passed No one is sure that the concentration of Nasser El Kali Fi, the club president, where to go. As well as other roles of the Nazer Still do not know whether to inject a thousand percent to the club like today or not It all depends on the success of this World Cup. In the end, I have to ask the master how to look. The legal gambling company determines the rate of the "European" champion in the 2022/23 season, respectively, Teng 1, Manchester City, Teng 2 PSG, Teng 3 Liverpool, Teng 4 Bayern Muni. Kate 5 Real Madrid, the top team from the capital of France is still receiving a lot of credit as a second favorite. But whether they can reach their dreams? Probably have to ask the remaining 4 teams, which the championship position would not be able to escape from now on
The heart is very good!Vietnamese social media "Duan Wana Hao" launches "Duan Hai Mi" beautiful beauty queen (picture)|Became the big news of the football industry and the beauty industry of Vietnam For the first dating in the public of the 2 superstars, Duan Wana Hao and Duan Hai, have been after planting love trees for about 2 years. On August 15, Duan Wana Bab 23 years old doanvanhau_1904 With more than 1.2 million fans with tags to Instagram _DoanHaiiy of the woman without any captions Because the sweetness in the picture is clear about the status of both of them. When sweeping the heart more than 100,000 times, and more than 1,200 comments that come to join to congratulate this official launch. In which the Vietnamese national goalkeeper, Bu Thian Dung, came to tease friends that "Congratulations to both Hundreds of years love When married, tell me I will definitely go. "Previously, Duan Hai had interviewed that she knew Duan Wana through her family members. During a few months after the Vietnamese Miss 2020 contest, then the media secretly asked about their relationship periodically. Because there are people who see them often dating But she evaded to answer Until receiving the green light from the family, finally decided to launch. "At this time, we do not have a plan to get married. Because we are both young While also being busy with work and education. "Duan Hai said to Vnexpress.net. For Duan Hai, a 21-year-old Hanoi city comes with a height of 167 cm. The proportion of 31-22-35 models into the entertainment industry. From the 10 finalists, the Miss Vietnamese contest 2020 and also received the "Talented Beauty" award from the stage. She is now a last year student at Hanoi University, active English, has a piano talent and singing. She also works as a fashion model and has her own cosmetic brands. Early Of Vietnam in this era Currently with Hanoi club Have experienced borrowing with Herenevin in the highest league, the Netherlands Even if not the opportunity to enter the field Has been called on the Vietnam national team since the age of 18 and is a great rising star of Vietnam for 3 years (2017, 2018, 2019) in the AFF Suzuki Cup 2018 championship team with the best team of the tournament. With
At the age of 56, still kicking the famous beep!"Romario", the legendary shooting star Brazil, asks for a girlfriend, has an additional partner (picture)|Romario, the legendary of the Brazilian national team striker The crazy person about sex has ended the relationship with his girlfriend who is younger than 25 years old. According to EXTRA reports, the famous Media of Samba, the 56 -year -old center, fell into the news that he broke up with the 31 -year -old girl in Sale Seolin Inflee. After the woman decided to delete the moments of happiness together from Instagram, the famous media revealed that the ex -girlfriend Seolin collected the belongings from the home of the legendary shooting star in the suburb of Rio de. Ajanearo and return to live in Bake South of the country Is completed The end of love is available during the 7 months. At the same time, the media in his hometown also revealed that the cause of this separate separation due to The legend of Samba That is famous for flirting, will have another new girl After bringing in to recommend to her and all 6 children before In which the woman posted a message of dissatisfaction with this matter, with a ship out of the boat that "The peaceful sea never built a good color shell. I don't want to be a good boat coconut shell. I just need peace in my life. "Romano's sexual crazy story has been continuously speaking about life that is full of women. And have a total of 6 children from the relationship with many women As well as having a son born from secretly having a relationship with a young actor At that time, he was still living with Daniele Fawato, the second wife, one of the things that created a buzz in the past, that was the relationship with Ancaroline, Nisirio, student. The charming girl who was only 22 years old, and considered to be 31 years old, but finally separated for Romario was very regarded in the footsteps. The most successful by leading the Celece army to win the 1994 World Cup in the United States. There are 70 national statistics. Can do 55 goals. In addition, they have moved to Europe with PSV Eindhoen, Barcelona and Valencia before becoming a politician. In his hometown
Secret character!Media hit Manchester United with 45 million pounds "Kunya"|Manchester United is a news about 45 million pounds of possibilities for Atletico Madrid to grab her. In the Summer football market, the Brazilian striker moved from Hardtha Berlin to join the Bear brand in 2021 Summer and is one of the Keyman under the control of Diego Simeon last season. Immediately with the statistics of 7 goals, 8 assists from playing 38 matches, including all the reports from Delhi Mel, said that Atmadid shows the attitude of wanting to release the football in the front like Alvaro Morata from the team. Previously, there was news that they offered this football to Manchester United, but the Red Devils were more needed, Morota's teammates, with negotiations between the two clubs, there will be no Chris. Stewiro Ronaldo is part of the conditions in any way. The 23 -year -old shooting star is one of the news that has been involved in Manchester United with Sasa Kalanchisish, the head of Stupe. The value of approximately 15 million pounds, with Brighton joining the band closely to the coconuttopo, spearheading from PSV Eindhoen as well. The front of the Red Devils above They also moved to the effort to grab Juventus's French national midfielder Adrian Liot, after the deal between Manchester United and Barcelona in Feng Gi De Young. There is no progress in any way.
No protection!"Klopp" landed to talk "Nu Nu" behind the competitors until being a stupid red card|Yergen Klopp, Liverpool manager Gave an interview after the game at "Reds" always with Crystal Palace 1-1 in the English Premier League on Monday night. Admits that playing outside the game of Darwin Nuz, who Headbut put on Yokim Andersen until receiving the red card, was fired from the field, is something that should not be duel between Nuz and Andersen leads to a small nibble during the competition. Until the mercury was broken in the second half when the defender after the Danish national team Outcry some that lead Nu Nu, which leads to the cracking of the Uruguay national team striker. In the end, the consequence of the red card caused the 23 -year -old shooting star to be banned by 3 games, which will start with the program. "Red Battle" that meets Manchester United on Monday night immediately. "Of course, it is a red card, Nu Nes is provocative, but that's not what should be done on the field," Klopp said. The interview after the game Anfield "Darwin realizes it. It is a reaction that we don't want to see. The players in the center of the center will do that all the time, but it shouldn't be what he responded. " He will learn from this event. I will talk about this to him. "
Exchange course!"Liam Harrison" appeared to practice the pair of "Super Small", elaborate to upside down "Nong Oh"|"Liam Harrison", a veteran boxer from the elite Move with the top boxing "Super Lek Kiat Moo 9" to accumulate Thai boxing secrets during the training in Thailand. Before opening the battle for the belt with "The King killed not to die." Oh, the five -star grilled chicken in one: fight night 1, Adriano vs Dimitrey II, who will be broadcast live in America. Which corresponds to the morning at 07:00 hrs. Of Saturday 27 August 65, it is known in the close circle of "Liam Harrison" that every time he has a punch program in one. Will travel to practice in Thailand To secret weapons and reviewing Thai boxing techniques Which will crawl to practice with Thai boxers, skilled at various famous boxing camps and recently We have seen the image of Liam Harrison, a boxing milt with a super -super boxing super boxing, with a super -great kick, with the Super Lek having a queue on the same program as Liam. Previously, Liam once said more than Super. Lek is one of his favorite Thai boxers and gives it to be a favorite in the Muay Thai World Grand Prix, so he chose to practice to share various Thai boxing techniques together. The top boxing of the Thai boxing tells the atmosphere of rehearsal, "I feel very good to practice with foreign boxers who are considered to be at the forefront of Europe. Which is good for me to see him practice And have studied his practice and techniques as well. Most of us will practice according to their own style There will be a wrestling play. "After trying with the latest challenger of Nong Oh, enough, the good super neck is seen as the World Championship, one -time Muay Thai boxing. Between both of them will definitely come out exciting. "I couldn't say who would win. But definitely fun. As he saw Liam, he had a scary punch, but for elder Oh (Nong Oh), is a fighter that is difficult to overthrow. He is a skilled boxing that has a sharp weapon, both left and right. There is a punch, with a highly experienced elbow. Liam would not be able to catch up. Oh, easy. " Riano vs Dimitrey II on Saturday 27 Aug 65, starting the first pair at 07:00 hrs. Via Watch.onefc.com in the PPV system (pay for viewing) for the schedule. Open a distribution system for viewing Follow the progress on Facebook One Championship Thailand and Onefc.com/th website.
Just pass only 2 people!"Neville" cuts 33 grades that Manchester United bought together in the latter "Fergie"|Garyneville criticized the football team trading team of Manchester United in the past 9 years after the farewell to the team of Sir Alex Ferguson, more than half of the total number of players. 33 performed disappointing work. There were only 2 players with satisfactory work. Manchester United is facing a bad time after starting the season 2022/23 with the victory to Brighton 1-2 in The first game at Old Trafford followed by attacking, losing to Brentford, has a broken 0-4, with a red-boiling battle program with Liverpool waiting in the next game on the day. The latest Monday, Neville, as the host of Mansay Night Football, through the Sky Sports channel, has been in a grade, cutting grades, signing the contract of the Red Devils since 2013 onwards. By dividing the decision into 3 categories, namely Green (through the criteria for satisfactory work), yellow (medium) and red (disappointing work). (Passing the criteria for satisfactory work)- Zlatan Ibrahimovic- Bruno Fair Nan Des, Yellow (Medium)- Andreerera- Luke Chaw-Ne Naya Matich- Freret- Harry Maggir- Edinson Kawani- Cristiano Ronaldo Daeng (disappointing work) Juan Mata-Marcos Roho- Angle Di Maria- Dali Blind- Memphis De Pai- Bastian Schwin Stemarter-Matteo Darmia Nor-Morgan Schneider-Antoni Marciyal- Eric Biyi-Henrik Makitarjan-Paul Pogba-Victor Nadide Love- Romelu Lukaku- Alexis Sanchez-Doko Dalot- Daniel James- Aron Wan- Bissaka- Donny Fan De Bake-A Lextelles- Ahmad Diallo- Chedion Sancho- Rafael Van
Certainly wash your eyes!"Sema Petch" looked through the game "power the angel".|"Left sky through" Sema Petch Fair Texvolt knows the roots. "Rit, the angel, Petch Yindee" can handle all processes. Confident to wash your eyes successfully in one 160: II Christian VS that will be broadcasted on Friday 26 August 2022, after Sema Petch was a loser to the first confrontation with the angel in November. 64 He is ready to be full of resentment. By preparing a full heavy plan to get rid of the final burr from the way Before going up to the world championship with "Nong Oh, the five -star grilled chicken" as intended. And prepare to plan all -round game And believe that he can easily handle the juniors And also prepared a trick on the stage "From the last meeting I studied his younger brother quite thoroughly. I can see what style he fights and how to solve his game. And I think this time He should come to the original wood. Definitely walk I have to tighten and be careful of the elbows better than the past. "" As for the weaknesses, he still has a lot. Which I am sure that I am definitely faster I will use the advantage here. Also, everyone will see the best weapons I have prepared. But what will be Have to go to see on the stage. "This time, the great bet is not able to lose because it will cause him to lose the number one challengers of the Muay Thai boxing. Immediately and as if the opportunity for the world championship that he has been waiting for many years, must also slip away as well. Prepare to meet the major blood battles between "Sema Petch vs Angel" in one 160: Ox VS Christian II on Friday 26 Aug 65. Watch live broadcast via Watch.onefc.com, One Super App, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start at 18:30 hrs. And Thai Rath TV Channel 32 receives live signals at 21:30 hrs. .
Liver swans!"Klopp" Yan "Mati" rest for 2 weeks|Jurgen Klopp, the manager of "Reds" Liverpool, updated the injury of Je El Mati, who hurts the muscles. Causing no name in the game that is drawn with Crystal Palace 1-1 last night, including Roberto Ferino, Joe Gomez and Jordan Henderson, who had a fitness problem by Jerke. Nok Klopp said, "Joel Mati will take two weeks. We will wait and see with this. This week is very crazy I have experienced several weeks. But it is like we have a witch in the building To be honest, every day, some people will be pulled themselves from rehearsals for the most crazy reasons. "" In the end, Joey is not really perfect. Nat did very well. I have to say that But Joey is not the real one. Because he just rehearsed yesterday again At the beginning of the week He has a little problem. "" Bobby can't play. Hendo this morning We have received information that there is a problem to worry a little about that if he plays too long So he didn't play for a long time. "Liverpool manager Also concluded that "We want to fight And I saw many things and we played well, so there are many good form and I like it, but now we always have to continue. "
Open Running Border Trail Run @ Ta Phraya in the footsteps of Thai -Cambodian civilization, revive the economy in the area.|Change the patrol route From the booth footprint Is a runway Trampling a kilometer Thai-Cambodian history that many people may just have heard Create different experiences that must be remembered. Through the competition #Bordertrailrun@taphraya on August 16, 2022 at 10:00 am, the Army, with the Army Region 1 held a press conference on the Terral Running in the area of ​​Ta Phraya District, Sa Kaeo Province. In the press conference, there is a Lieutenant General Sukan Nong Bua Lang, the 1st general, the President of the press conference with Sa Kaeo Province. Sports Authority of Thailand National Sports Development Fund And the Sports Association of Sa Kaeo Province at the Army Auditorium Region 1, Phitsanulok Road, Dusit Subdistrict, Dusit District, Bangkok, Lieutenant General Nong Bua Lang, Region 1, said about the Border Trail Run @ Ta Phraya Run Important to enhance physical and mental health By focusing on people Have good health Free from disease By the Prime Minister Please encourage exercise by running in the landscape. Which aside from exercising to be strong Also admired the beauty of the landscape that many Both in the general floor And the mountain forest area. "" The Army has responded to the said policy. By assigning the Army Region 1, which has one important mission, including the protection of the border on the east side And west Coordinate relevant agencies Organize a competition along the landscape along the border on the east side in the area of ​​Ta Phraya District, Sa Kaeo Province and Lahan Sai District. Buriram Province The objective is to promote exercise for the general public. In order to have a healthy health to the public to be aware of the development of the area along the border of Ta Phraya District, Sa Kaeo Province, which used to be a battle area But now has developed into an area that is important to another important border economic system in the country It is also a remembrance of the brave heroism of the military. That protects the country's sovereignty Bring peace and peace to the future generations. And stimulate tourism in accordance with the Thai -Cambodian civilization and restore the economic system in the area After the country is recovering from the spread of the Corona Virus 2019 "for Border Trail Run @ Ta Phraya, the competition is scheduled on Saturday 10 to Sunday, September 11, 2022, dividing the competition in the amount of 5 phases. The way is 5 km, 10 km, 25 km, 60 km and 100 km, which is a standard route in the international system. Both the ground and the mountain forest Through important tourist attractions, including the area of ​​28, the new Cambodian viewpoint, the stone courtyard and the Thai Thap Thai village, etc. and some have passed into the Buriram province. By the beginning And the ending point is at Tubtim Siam 03 Co., Ltd., Thap Thai Subdistrict, Ta Phraya District, Sa Kaeo Province, which is a village that is important for the fighting events in the past. Which can see details Apply for the competition on Facebook page: Border Trail Run or website www.runningconnect.com
Prepare to explode the fun 'Imane Thailand Futsal University League 2022' opens the field 19 Aug.|On Tuesday, August 16, 2022 at Gymnasium 6, Thammasat University, Rangsit Center, held a press conference. Along with the drawing ceremony for the "Imane Thailand Futsal University League 2022" competition. /Chairman of the Olympic Committee of Thailand under the Royal Patronage, with Mr. Jennarong Kumnam, President of the Imane Thailand Futsal University League 2022, Khun Kong Kan Karnong, a sales manager in the country (Thailand) Company Limited, " Big Tai "Taksit Jittiwichit, the executive of Iman (Thailand) Company Limited or the Imane's sports brand as the president. Along with representatives from all 21 institutions traveling together in unison, the lottery "Imane Thailand Futsal University League 2022" Group A: Rajamangala University of Technology Phra Nakhon, Thonburi University, North Bangkok University, King Mongkut's University North Bangkok, Chandrakasem Rajabhat University, Ramkhamhaeng University, Mahidol University, Rajamangala University of Technology Rattanakosin, Nakhon Sawan Rajabhat University, Srinakharinwirot University B: St. John University, Ratchaphruek University, National Sports University Chon Buri Campus, National Sports University Ang Thong Campus, Kasem Bundit University, Chulalongkorn University, Kasetsart University, Christian University, Suan Sunandha Rajabhat University, Chom Bueng Rajabhat University, Asia Program "Imane Thailand Futsal University League 2022" Friday, August 19, 20:00 Rajamangala University of Technology Phra Nakhon, found Srinakharinwirot University at 11:10 hrs., Thonburi University, found Nakhon Sawan Rajabhat University at 12:30 hrs. King Mongkut, North Bangkok, found at Mahidol University at 14:50 hrs. Chandrakasem Rajabhat University, found Ramkhamhaeng University, Monday 22 August 2022 at 10:00 am. Chon Buri Campus found Ang Thong Campus at 12:30 hrs. Kasem Bundit met Chulalongkorn University at 13:40 hrs. Kasetsart University found Christian University at 14:50 hrs.
Official!Spurs launched the official "Udie" from Udileze.|Tottenham Hotspur announced the launch of the 19 -year -old's left -back destini Udidi, from Udinse, officially joined the team, with this Italian -invaded Backchom being sent back. Went to play with the original agency in Galo Cho Serie A with a loan agreement throughout this season. The media reported that the value is probably around 18 million euros for this deal. And the players have signed a contract for 5 years together. Is the 7th new player of the Golden Spur Chicken. This summer is followed by Richarlyon Eve, Bisoma, Chedi, Spaince, Ivan Perisic Frezer, Foster and Clement Longle. That's it.
Here We Go!"Romano" confirmed Chelsea closed the Inter Milan midfielder.|Fabrisio Romano confirmed that Chelsea closed the deal to grab the 19 -year -old midfielder Cerere Kazada from Inter Milan. This page before being a lion Who got to join the team with a fee of 15 million euros, bonuses 5 million euros and will sign a 6 -year contract together. Inter also does not specify the conditions for buying back in any way. Which the trainers will travel to check in the next 48 hours. Considered as the 6th new player who moved to join the Chelsea team, followed by Rahim Sterling Calidu Kuli Libra, Sloilinina, Carnee, Chu Quicka. And Mark Kuraiya
Work!The deal between Manchester United and "Liot" implied|Fabricio Romano, the famous news reported that the negotiations between Juventus's French midfielder Adrianlai Liot and Manchester United are not smooth at present after becoming the news. For a while to the extent that the Red Devils sent a flying management to negotiate by himself in order to grab this star to solve the problem in the middle. But it seems that the deal has a problem that cannot be agreed, Romano revealed that both sides are not able to find a mutual agreement on personal conditions. The wages that were called are still more than Manchester United will accept, causing the negotiations to stop, and Di Marisio reporters of Sky Sports also reported in the same direction that one of the causes of the plane. The hesitation was still hesitant to move with the Red Devils, that they did not play in the UEFA Champions League this season.
Official!Manchester City closed the deal "Sergio Gomez", the left -back.|Manchester City Football Club of the English Premier League football Reached an agreement to grab the left Gomez Back from under the number Officially joined the army under approximately 11 million pounds, which is the 4th new football of Pep Guardiola in the football market. This summer, after Erling Halnd, Calvin Phillips and Stefan Orthoka, 21 -year -old Spanish, is one of the products from the Bar's Lamasia football institution. Zelona, ​​who practiced football with the Big team of Catalan between 2010-2018. He was snatched by Borussia Dortmund to join the army at the age of 18, but could not report to the army. The yellow tiger was followed by the back to Underlech When summer 2021 referred to work into a keyman of Underlech Immediately, since then, with a record of 49 past agencies, when totaling 7 goals and 15 assists last season. "I am very proud to move to join the man. Chester City, "Gomez said on the official launch via the Blue Naval website," City is the best team in England and to work with Pep Guardiola as a good opportunity. That I will be able to learn and develop the pace from the best team manager in the football world. " Is something that all young footballers dream of The number of champions that the team can win over the past few years is amazing. Including the football style that the team played under Pep is still the most exciting in Europe. To participate in the work, he will become a special thing for me. "
5 issues that you may miss in the Thai League Revo after the end of the 1st week|The Thai League Revo 2022-23 is completed. The first week is completed. In addition to the competition results that are already known, this is 5 interesting issues. That you may miss the new destroyer of "Coach Joe" Theerasak Pho Aon, the first week after the end of the first week of the new destroyer under the control of "Coach Joe" Theerasak Pho Non does not make Fans waiting to be disappointed After starting to attack the old face of the old face, Sukhothai FC, up to 3-0, two goals from Samuel Rocha and another goal from Losseme Carabu A, making it a crowd of the table first. At the "Coach Joe", there is a program to take the home team to meet the former agency, Nakhon Ratchasima FC in 2 August 20, 2025, Rajaburi ", Shabi Moro", the Spanish manager. Come back to use the Spanish manager again this season, Shabi Moro, which, even though many people are wondering who they are? Where did you come from? But most recently, he answered with a clear work. After starting to take the home team to win Muang Thong United 1-0 from Derley's penalty with a better game Especially the Pressing Playing System, causing Kirin to play in a style that he cannot be good at when Muang Thong United do not believe, must believe that They lost in the first match of the Thai League battlefield for the 4th consecutive season. Promoted to the Thai League battle for the first time to be the last team. From defeating competitors In the play -off round, however, after the first week They are the only 'new' team. Beginning with victory After opening the house to slash Nong Bua Phichaya FC 1-0 from the Royal Thai Army Gate of the Teerawat Sri at the beginning of the second half, while the other 2 teams of Sukhothai opened the house to break down the PT at Prachuap 0-3 and the team. Thai League 2, Lamphun Warrior, always invaded the Port FC 0-0 Supachai Jai Yuen, bringing the goalscoring to take the old champion to victory in the 23-year-old Darby striker, was injured. Until missing the Thai league goalscoring In the final curve Last season But in this season, Supachai is back in a complete physical condition again, and after practicing with Leicester City for 1 full month, it makes him look better than before. The latest will explode the form of shooting alone, 2 goals, bringing Buriram United, an old champion, invading the Nakhon Ratchasima FC 2-1, in addition to having an important part, bringing the lightning castle to grab the first 3 points, and he also brought as a goalscoring with Samuel. Rocha of PT Prachuap, with 2 goals, Coach Ong, Lamphun Warrior, the old team, the Port Authority of the FC to Pat Stadium Singha Harbor With excellent pre -season work When winning all 6 matches during the warm -up period But the latest has not been able to start the field When being a former team manager of Dusit Chalerm Saen Saen, Lamphun Warrior as a newcomer Invited to share the points to Pattium among more than 6,000 football fans with a 0-0 score with a picture of a game that is not inferior. Especially at the end of the second half That has the opportunity to win the door as well It can be said that this result is always 1 point of history on the Thai League of the King of the White King, which is also 1 point that helps build confidence for the team. As a newcomer
5 things you may miss in M-150 Championship 2022/23 (week 1)|The Thai League 2 battle bombing the battlefield Officially new season At last weekend, this is 5 interesting issues after the match. 1 has a score of every secondary league field in the first week Started the season fierce when all 9 stadiums had all the scores. Which scored 25 goals The game with the most common goal in the 1st match is the game in Udon Thani FC. Shot in the Thai league for just the first week. The Thai League 2 has a story for football fans to talk about when Prin Kunchorn, Ayutthaya United Gate, a name on the scoreboard in Krungsri Stadium, after opening the accurate game. FC Kasetsart Gate beautifully Before helping the team beat with score 2-0 wild elephants, Uthai did not come to play "Wild Elephant, Huai Kha Khaeng ', Uthai Thani FC, a new team that promoted up from the Thai League 3 first season. Is another team that should be watched this season After opening the league head by attacking to attack Udon Thani FC 4-2, standing, standing in a crowd since the first match of the good starting season, Suphan Buri FC and Chiang Mai United Suphanburi FC and Chiang Mai United, two teams that have fallen. Set out to play in the league this season. And was given to two teams, Teng grabbed the promotion ticket this year Start the new season with both victory Interesting that both teams will use the experience that had the highest league. How long can stand for the goal of promoted in one year "Tono" to show the Thai League 2, another week of the secondary league It is inevitable that the opportunity to start the "Tono" Pakinwilaisak Famous artist Who moved to football with Ayutthaya United this season, which Tono was "new coach" Santi Chai Taro sent to the field at the end of the game, where the Boro Yothaya opened the house to defeat Kasetsart FC 2-0.
5 to know "Buakhao Bancha Mek" before returning to Ratchadamnoen for the first time in 18 years|Returning to fight on the Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium again of Buakhao Bancha Mek, a superstar of Thailand on August 19, with a queue to fight with Kotamura, the hottest young man from the land. Raw fish In the KAT Presents Legend of Rajadamnern: Buakaw Vs. Kota, there will be a lot of Buakhao to fight on the Ratchadamnoen stage. Before that day, he came to know his story more through the following 5 stories. The secondary boxing at Lumpini among the 5 brothers and sisters, Buakhao is the 4th child. Of the Bancha Mek family He started Thai boxing since 8 A year old in Surin province, the home of the house. Until 7 years later, Buakhao became a boxer of "Kamnan Kae". Lumpini stage Rama 4 in the Lumpini fence, Buakhao is also a new boxer. Not very famous The distinctive feature is strength and heart. But there are still many weaknesses to fix Especially the boxing square that has not yet reached the stage and causing him to lose often, launching like a dream But not loud, however, as a non -famous boxing, he asked other promoters to ask Bua Khao to punch across the show on a regular basis. And that gave him the opportunity to fight on the stage as the legendary legend of the launch of Buakhao at Ratchadamnoen Occurred on May 29, 2000, with the same weaving of the children of the King. Makes Bua Khao stronger The elbow beat Knock in the 4th round, even though it was beautiful. And have the opportunity to punch on the Ratchadamnoen stage But didn't make him more famous in any way At the same time, Buakhao patrols many more stages. But the most successful is the Siam Om Noi Boxing Stadium, where he can win the 135 -pound Feather Weather and the Lightweight Championship 126. Pound of the Siam Omnoi stage Including winning the marathon boxing At the Lumpini Boxing Stadium in the 140 pound model in 2002, while Fighter ordered the Ratchadamnoen on Thursday, May 20, 2004, Buakhao per weight for stable. Can not be difficult, black, dot, Go Inter, the fight at the Siam Om Noi stage, allowing Buakhao to be on television often Combined with winning the championship, he became more known. After winning the boxing championship in 2002 Buakhao was approached by a foreign promoter to fight in a foreign country. In 2004, Buakhao punched K-1 at the K-1 World Max 2004, held in Tokyo, a country tournament. Losing out Despite the competition, Buakhao showed the strength to overcome 3 rivals, in the past, the old champion like Masato from Japan and divided the championship. The victory at the land of the rising sun, Buakhao became a superstar overnight, although the next year, Buakhao will lose the K-1 championship for Andy Sower, the Netherlands. After losing the score in a doubt in 2006, Buakhao returned to K-1 again. Through the final round for the 3rd consecutive year before successfully referring to the championship belt Ready to create a record of the first fighter who won the K-1 to win 2 times. 5 years later, Buakhao turned back to punch the Muay Thai tournament again in the Thai Fight program that is famous in the international level. He reinforces his own greatness by winning the 70 kilograms of the championship for up to 2 consecutive times. After that, he continues to go international. Have the opportunity to fight in many more special programs such as Kun Lun Fight, including the fighting match with Yi Long, a Chinese martial artist of Chinese superstars outside the field in terms of Study Buakhao has a degree as a doctor. Completed Honorary Doctorate Philosophy (PhD) Regional development (Educational and Wisdom Management Group) Surin Rajabhat University, at the same time, on an area of ​​over 100 rai in Mae Taeng District Chiang Mai Province It is also the location of "Buakhao Village", the kingdom of resting the circuit of "Buakhao Bancha Mek". He is a big boat to volunteer in various fields recently. Not long ago, the Thai boxing Just took the position of the board of Kik Boxing Association of Thailand Lead the team successfully in the SEA Games 2021 by grabbing 2 gold medals, 4 silver coins, 6 bronze coins, as well as sitting as the president of the Ratchadamnoen boxing stage to upgrade Muay Thai to the international level of 18 years. This Buakhao Bancha Mek is about to return to the Ratchadamnoen stage again. Very few people will see the boxer's superstar on the legendary stage by fighting with "Kotamura" MMA fighters, the heir of "King Kazu" Kazuyosomi. Ura, the legendary Japanese footballer in the rules, will fight as the 9th pair, which the previous 8 pairs are packed with quality Thai boxing.
Chat secret!"Neymar", the house is broken, secretly cheating with a 18 -year -old girl (picture)|Neymar, the Brazilian national shooting star, Paris Saint-Germain Famous club in Ligue French became news outside the field again. And of course, this is not the story of a woman like before. Onedio, the famous media, Samba Reported that the person was terminated by his girlfriend, with a 30 -year -old star who just released a relationship with Bruunbiang Carty, a young model at the end of last year. Pushed to make a scandal when secretly made with a girl until being caught by a girlfriend after seeing the mobile phone message that the man sent to hope with the SWAT relationship. The famous girlfriend of the famous football caught that Neymar secretly cheated on her, despite being together in the party in June by sending a message to a 18 -year -old woman while she was asleep. In addition, this event also has a secret message that they both talk about for the whole world to see. For some of Neymar's messages sent to a Brazilian girl who works as a model in Gori Crazy. It is with a conversation that hopes for the relationship. Neymar: The picture is very beautiful. Model: Come to see closely. Seniar: It's too far. The model: nothing to stop, we will not meet. Ye Mar: My work makes you can't go to you. In this event, the girlfriend's girlfriend also caught that they had already secretly met. Made her decide to end the relationship, keep the belongings out of Neymar's luxury mansion in Manakarati, Rio de Janeiro
Is it true?Shaking social "Elon Musk" tweet to buy Manchester United|Previously, there has been news about the sale of Manchester United team that looks at the Glezer family. With the auction that The value of sales may be as high as 170,000 million baht. In the past, Manchester United football fans were not satisfied with the board to the point of protest in front of the field. And in the red football battle, next week there was a campaign for football fans to not enter the field to cheer on this match as well. Regardless of the way you move, it is the news that always is Elon Musk, Chairman of the Executive Committee of Tesla Motor, who had previously bought Twitter. Came out to tweet that "I am buying Manchester United", but this tweet of Elon Musk is not yet clear that What will he buy by Manchester United? Will buy some clubs or buy some shares? Or Elon Musk, maybe just spinning social media for fun. As for the fans After having this tweet out, most of them were in the direction of cheering for him to buy Manchester United because of this form of play and management in a bad direction throughout the past decade.
Now anyone!The media hit Manchester United has a plan to aim at the Real Madrid midfielder.|Manchester United, a famous club in the Premier League, has added the name of the Real Madrid midfielder Casemiro. In the event that they miss Frankie de Young, from the media report from Spain The Brazilian star is one of the key people who help Los Blancos to be successful in winning the 14th UEFA Champions League last season. And is also recognized as one of the best midfielder in the modern football world. At the same time, United has been news with De Yong since the opening of the market. And they can agree on the value with Barca. But for the reasons of the debt of the team from Spain, as well as the needs of the players who still want to stay in the next Camp, so they may have to look for a reserve option before closing this summer market by Mark. I reported that Casemiro is one of the options that the Red Devils team is interested in with Eric Ten Hak's team. After they were doing poorly in the 2 rounds of the season, with the defeat to Brightton 2-1 and Brentford bombarded 0-4 last weekend.
What happened?"Ohara" clearly pointed out "Xin Chaen Ko" is the weakness of Arsenal for this reason.|Jamie Ohara Guru of the Talk Sport believes that Olexander Xinchao, the new left -back of Arsenal, is a major cause of the team to lose the goal. Because the person has a bad defensive game After the game that beat Leicester City 4-2 in the Premier League The latest game "The Gunner" managed the Ukrainian Shin from Manchester City for only 30 million pounds and the person was able to show the form in the first 2 games impressively. By helping to take the new agency to grab the 6 points in the second place in the table at the moment. However, after the game that beat Leicester City 4-2 in the latest match, Ohara has talked about Arsze's defensive game. In which he pointed to Xin Chaen Ko who played in the left -back position that will lose the team again in the future. "Arsenal Will lose the door again Especially in the full -back position, I like Oke Sander Synacho, but he is not good at the body to face. Which I think will definitely be a problem for them. "
Spin until getting the story!Drama "Trett" unfaithful to the girlfriend with personal greeting, finding a beautiful internet idol (picture)|Take to see the colors outside the field, but almost the latest drama of the English football industry When the Red Swan players are good, such as Trent Alexander-Arnold. Send a private message to the beautiful girl in the streaming industry until the story escalating in the social world. This is the beginning when William Leeny or the name in the YouTube industry, Willne, with fans following the channel. Almost 4.7 million people have posted that Alexander-Arnold Liverpool's right -back back is a personal Emoji. The stars continued as well. After this picture dropped into the online world, the feet had previously reached. If the British national team can collect clean sheets in the Premier League He may have the right to see the "personal image" of the Mongan, but or not the clean sheets are not important. When the 23 -year -old star greeted the private message to Monan Scan immediately, playing with the woman to the point of being awkward, headache. Until it became a viral image that Willne took on social media. Of course, the story didn't end. When the comments of people become drama instead, because Willne responded to various comments with jokes. Looks not in any trouble Despite the girlfriend being hit by another young man Which makes the atmosphere on social media worse Until there are rumors that Alexander-Arnold Initia the real girlfriend like Hannah Atkins and secretly talked to Monan Scan for a while. The fake news was disintegrated when Stephen Sai, the famous YouTube number, who was a close friend of Willne confirmed and attached the picture that The whole story was set up to tease Mana Ground only, which is Willne. Alexander-Arnold To help send a message to Monan Scan by himself. It's a pity that Alexander-Arnold Still not able to collect clean sheets to help Liverpool from the first 2 matches in the Premier League 2022/23 by always attacking 2-2 and always watching the house. Crystal Palace 1-1 before having a queue. Battle of the red boiling to visit Manchester United at the beginning of next week.
No need to cross the day!"Elon Musk" revealed that it is seriously or hilarious to buy Manchester United.|Elon Musk, the owner of the Tesla and Space X as the richest person in the world Became a hot topic in football When tweeted through his own official Twitter account, it was said that the Manchester United of the English Premier League football battle this morning. As time in Thailand, previously, Musk has announced that he has bought a Twitter platform in his own management a few months ago. Before returning to the said deal Cancel the purchase, both the proposal has been submitted. When referred to that They have violated some agreement, refusing to reveal the number of accounting data created by true computers. Tweet this morning that "For clarity I support the left side of the Republican and the right side of the Democrats. "" In addition, I will buy Manchester United as well. Thank you for listening. " 400,000 times more than 100,000 RET and replied more than 30,000 messages within a few hours, but the latest person has confirmed that the tweet is only a teasing online. "Not at all. It is a porridge that has been around for a long time on Twitter. I am not buying a sports team in any way. "Musk confirmed in the latest Twitter. Previously, he had tweeted a joke in the same way to buy a Coca-Cola business to adjust the formula to put cocaine in the famous black drink again.
I have a reason!"Ohara" pointed out "Xin Chae" is the weakness in Arsenal's defensive game.|Jami Ohara Guru of Talk Sports believes that Oleander Sinchero, the new left -back of Arsenal, is an important cause of the team often. Because the person has a bad defensive game After the game that beat Leicester City 4-2 in the latest Premier League game, The Gunner manages the Ukrainian football from Manchester City for only 30 million pounds and the person can show the form in the first 2 games. Impressingly By helping to take the new agency to grab 6 points full of the second place in the table at the moment. After the game that beat Leicester City in the latest match, Ohara came out to talk about Arsenal's defensive game, where he pointed to Xinchengo, who played in the left -back position that will lose the team again. Future "Arsenal Will lose the door again Especially in the full -back position. "" I like Olexander Xinchao, but he is not good at the face of one -on -one. Which I think will definitely be a problem for them, "said the former Tottenham Hotspur football.
Japanese comments!"Kota" up the arena against "Buakhao", Ratchadamnoen World Series|Became a boxing partner that Japanese people are very interested in "King Junior", Kotimura, a handsome young Japanese fighter, has a program to fight with "Dam.com" Buakhao Bancha Mek, the Thai beloved fighter on the Ratchadamnoen World Series. (RWS) on Friday, August 19, with the true son of "King Kasu" Casuyoshi Mira, the legendary Japanese national team striker, considered very new to the fighting industry. With only one fight statistics, while the 40 -year -old Thai fist has passed the fight with a 288 fight, winning 254 (winning 78 times), losing 22 and 12 times, we try to see the opinion. From the Japanese boxing fans about the fight that will happen. Comments 1 The only thing that I suspect is that Buakhao will be full with this fight. already Regardless of how this fight came out, I would like to kick him. Hope that will be like that. 3 It would be very unbelievable if Kota was able to defeat Knock Bua Khao. Comments 4 said. In the end of last month, he should not accept this fight. It's too dangerous for him to meet Buakhao. It's not time to travel out of the country. Comments 6 I want Buakhao to be serious about this fight. Help teach the true martial arts to Kota to get to know the 7th comment. Buakhao is 40 years old. His physical condition is probably not like when he won the K-1 champion but would like to ask that you will be happy with Beat the old boxer And far from the highest point in the industry? Comment 8. I believe that Kotamura has no choice on the arena, except that Buakhao will just punch the show. Because if he is seriously, the path on his arena would just end this fight 9 It's too dangerous to go on the stage to meet Buakhao that is strong. Kota will definitely die. 10 It's just a special fight that does not focus on the competition because if Buakhao is serious, he will definitely be messy. Not to mention being killed in front of the media around the world. Comments 11 Buakhao. 12 The difference between Buakhao and Kota is too far away. Comments 13 If Kotamura was knocked in just a few seconds, it shows that Buakhao is seriously with this fight. 14 I can say that it is too dangerous for Kotamura because Buakhao is not the opponent that he can fight. Comments 15, Buakhao is a very strong fighter. Although at the age of 40 years, Kota, who has just pierced just one fight, is very dangerous. 16 I couldn't see the way that Kota could beat Buakhao. For this fight 17 It's crazy! Buakhao is too strong, even after passing the highest point in life, there is no way that Kota can beat this man. Comments 18, Buakhao at the age of 40, is always strong. He can overcome all the fighters. The good Kota should consult Masato (former partner of Buakhao). 19 This fight game should have already written a script. Must see what the background is This fight is nothing except making money. Because if fighting as usual, Kota has no way to overcome Buakhao. 20 He is going to meet the legend of Muay Thai. Will this fight wear a protective machine? I think it is very dangerous, even though Buakhao is older.
Boiling off the field!"Andersen" reported the police after being threatened by football fans on social media.|Yokim Andersen, the defender after Crystal Palace became a victim of many resentment of football fans who cursed him in online communities. After the cause of Darwin Nuz, spearhead Liverpool Was fired in the Premier League game. The Danish national team has 26 years old, having a problem with the Reds striker. Throughout the game as the opposite Before finally spearhead Liverpool Will not control the mood And fired by a red card from the field This game ends with a 1-1 draw. However, after the game, the player revealed a number of Instagram messages about being cursed by a number of people, threatening to kill and curse him. Referred to as hundreds of messages in this way And he has already sent all the evidence to the police. "I got 300-400 these messages last night. I understand that you support your team. But it must have respect And stop this behavior online Hope Instagram And the Premier League Will do something about this. "Andersen posted via personal Instagram, according to the report from BBC, said that the players are still fine with the story. But he felt that it was time to do with these things. According to the report, it was revealed that after the police reported to the police Many people sent a message to apologize to Undersen and stated that "drunk" during the typing. Some stated that he felt very guilty, so he wanted to apologize, for example.
True, your mother!The latest posture of "Kim Sung-Hee" Angelsadang Yoga Dan Kimchi (Picture)|Considered to be another beloved man, the ginseng, for Kim Sung, a beautiful South Korean girl. Which, aside from the appearance, will shine the aura, the heroine level, the series Her abilities can also be said to be the best. Kim Sung-Hee is a teacher in Ashtanga Yoga or Thai, called Asadang Yoga. India The trainer must be strict about regulations, muscle flexibility. And concentrate on determining a very strict breath, which Kim Sung-Hee is considered a few yoga teachers in Kimchi. Because the difficulty of each position is quite high People who will be successful until they can teach others must be very good. And her latest position is not normal When she showed the ultimate elasticity, the heart trembled both AIG. And then went to see her beautiful pictures. Let's see that each of Ash's yoga is that so cruel. Anyone who wants to be a fan club, she can follow in Instagram. _sunghee_kim_ that now has almost 3.7 hundred thousand followers
S. S.D., Thai, opened a long -term development plan for 7 years, aiming the coin.|Athletics Association of Thailand Opening the long-term development plan in 2022-2028, aiming to win the Olympic Games Athletics Association of Thailand Under the royal patronage Revealing the development plan Thai athletics long-term 2022-2028 by Maj. Gen. Suraphong Ariya Mongkol, Vice President and the Secretary-General of the Athletics Association of Thailand, said that the Development Committee Governing and discipline Of the athletics Association The meeting scheduled on August 20, with an urgent agency that must be considered in the planning of continuous development in the year 2022-2028, with the consideration framework that has been drafted. 1 upgrade development In this plan, 1 Technical Director needs and 1 Sprint workshop to find athletics with specific talents. Enter into the 2nd frame and frame 3, frame 2, consider selection and select Company/Training Center Which has been proposed to the association to consider, which has 2 cases, 1 CLD from the United States with 2 Global Sports Communication from Europe (Netherlands). The 3rd framework of the year 2022-2028, the target set is 1. The gold medal, sports Sustainable SEA Games. 2. Must have a coin at the continental level, namely the Asian Athletics. And the Asian Games every time. 3. Must enter the final (final), the world championship athletics. And Olympic Games and 4. Expect coins in the 2028 Olympic Games and World Championship.
Phatthalung Duel Songkhla Air Sea Land 2022 Open the Southern Championship Football Stadium|The lottery ceremony of the Southern Football Championship, which has 14 provinces participating in the competition in the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project "Air Sea Land Southern International Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at the 4th floor of the Sports Authority of Thailand. On Wednesday 17 August 2018, this event was honored by Mr. Jinda Dejpimol, Deputy Governor of Sports Promotion. Sports Authority of Thailand, Mr. Phanop Harphong Siem, Director of the Office of the Sor. Region 4, Dr. Wisit Kanjanapha, President of the Sports Association Phatthalung Province, Second Lieutenant Ekachai Nuchlomyong, Chief of Regional Sports Development, Regional Sports Division, Sor. Dean of the Faculty of Art RMUTT East Campus Chakphongphuna, etc., together to draw a lot of the Southern Football Championship with 14 provinces participating in the competition. In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project, "Air Sea Land Southern International Sports Tourism Festival 2022" Southern Phatthalung Championship (Phatthalung (host), Songkhla, Ranong B. Ranang, Yala, Chumphon C: Surat Thani,, Nakhon Si Thammarat, Narathiwat, Phang Nga Dee: Satun, Pattani, Krabi, Phuket, find the number 1 and 2 teams of the finalists. 8 teams that kick the knockout Continue with 7 Youth Football, Air Sea Land Football Thailand Championship, 12 years, 24 years, 24th and 2nd teams, as well. The 7th youth lottery "Air Sea Land Southern International Sports Tourism Festival 2022" consists of Sai A: Tonde Duan Academy, Sawat Bowon Academy, Sichal Academy B, Wat Thanasathit Municipality School, Bin Lao Songkhla City, Municipal School, Panya Sai Khao Khao Chalung, Republic Academy, Pattani Stadio Dissembly Gray, FC, PNCA, Pattani, PT, Prachuap, Khlong Chalerm Subdistrict Administrative Organization, Baboon Academy, DX, Nakhon Si Football Teaching Nakhon Si Municipality, Chase Subdistrict Municipality, Chula 38, Thep Mit Suksa School, G -Football, Ban Tha Khae School, Zimby Academy, Amphawa City Academy H, Tamot Municipality School, Sri Muangthong and Ban Thung Academy for the Ching People Football Program The southern champion 14 provinces will take place between 1-10 September at Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Court, while 7 Football Air Sea Land Football Thailand Championship, 12-year-old, will compete between 11-12 September at Siriwannawari Stadium, Khuan Khanun District, Phatthalung Province
The Thai fist continuously through the five additional models. Set target 5 gold. Muay Thai youth.|The 2022 World Youth Competition in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia Today is the semifinals competition. It turns out that the Thai boxer has passed the 5 additional models from 7 models that compete in the 45 kg model, 16-17 year old. Model 51 kg. Ying, 16-17 years, Supattra Inthirat won the Olga score of an athlete of the IFAMA project 1 29-28 points, 40 kg models, aged 14-15 years, Nija Tang Jiu. Win the Mihuang Kansh from Vietnam 30-27 points, version 38 kg, aged 12-13 years, Kochakorn Watthakon won the score of the kram from the Philippines 30-27 points, 44 kg, female print. Phatsa Chana Knock Sara Satari from Iran in the first round. In the first round, Bunsong Nuan Yong, the head of the Thai Boxing Coach, revealed that today we nominated 5 more models, the original yesterday, another 4 The total version of 9 models is considered satisfactory but still at least 5 gold. Because still worried about the judges who have already decided to look uncomfortable Some people are still weak, the score is not precise enough. If we judge our couple, it is also worrisome. The finals will be held on August 20. We still have time to solve the opponent's boxing. Of course. "This child is considered a good work. Many people have a representative to advance to the big set in the future. Please only create a little more international experience. Definitely go far, "said Bunsong.
The Department of Physical Education participated in the Football S. Planning for long -term Thai football development.|Wednesday 18 August 2022 at Supachalasai Stadium, National Stadium, Department of Physical Education and Football Association of Thailand. Signed a memorandum of cooperation agreement In order to plan the development of Thai football in the long run. This signing is led by Supot Wong Phrom Thao, Deputy Director -General of the Department of Physical Education, along with Yuthana Yim Karun, the association. The competition, the objective of signing the memorandum of this cooperation. 1.1 In order to increase the number of football personnel to be learned and coaching correctly in all sectors 1.2 To promote and support the development of football skills at the grassroots level for children, youth, people, and football coaches 1.3 To disseminate knowledge and benefits in football to families and communities To participate in football development even more. 1.4 To promote, support and create standards for the development of activities related to local football at the local level 1.5 To exchange knowledge and promote the development of basic football skills by Scope of cooperation 2.1 Children and youth football competitions (Competition) Cooperation in planning the basic football competition schedule Of each department together To reduce the overlapping of the competition schedule 2.2 The development and training of coach education, such as integrating the coach between The Football Association and the Department of Physical Education in the G -Diploma curriculum and certifying the development standards at a common level, the integration of the development of G -Diploma curriculum coaches, 2.3 Development and training of football judges. (Reference) such as the integration of the referee between Football Association and Department of Physical Education in basic curriculum And certifying the standardized referee development standards and the integration of the development of the speakers of the Basic Curriculum 2.4 Organizing basic football promotion activities (Grassroots) such as integration of personnel development related to basic football, integration of basic football networks in local and regional, 2.5 Database integration With basic football and database, such as sharing football management systems and statistics, sharing databases and statistics of football players, database sharing and statistics of basic football coaches and personnel And sharing the field database and facilities about football 2.6 Promoting the FIFA for School project, such as collaborating to create a project as National Steering Group, football development for physical education teachers and students from participating schools nationwide, the development of personnel in fighting and football activities, news dissemination through the network. Network of the Football Association And the Department of Physical Education, Information Information Relations in Thailand from involved in all sectors and the exchange of knowledge between the Football Association of the Department of Physical Education and other local agencies and relevant regions.
West Ham closed the deal "Keharer", added a 4 -year defensive game.|West Ham United grabbed the Paris Saint Germain's defender Thilo Kherer Kherer, with a contract for 4 years. West Ham United's website announced the signing of Thelo Khire. The defender after the Germany national team comes from Paris Saint-Germain. Officially The contract has a period of 4 years, with another 2 year renewal conditions, which may end in 2028. "I am very excited. That has signed a contract with West Ham United. This is the best league in the world. And I was excited to play in the Premier League, "said the new owner of The Hammers." I talked to the team manager. He said how I saw me suitable for this club. My greatest goal is now joining the team. Develop yourself in the team And enjoy playing West Ham "Keharer Became the signing of the 6th contract in this summer, following in the footsteps of Na Yev Agyd, Alpha Areola, Luka Sakamakkha, Makswell Cornet and Flyin. Down
Wolves closed the deal. "|Wolves Announced to grab the 5 -year -old team. Announced to grab her, grabbed her midfielder Susu Nes from Sporting Lisbon to join the team. And signed up to 2027 and has another 1 year option and the club statistics 45 million euros add 5 million euros, which will wear a number 27 This midfielder was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, before traveling to live in Portugal and develop the pace with Estrill, which after moving to play Lisbon in 2019 and had the opportunity. The big team in the following year, and finally reported in the statement that the Portuguese Division will practice with Bruno La Chu's team immediately, which the club has a queue on the duel with Tottenham Hotspur on the Premier Stage. This weekend league Said after the team moved "I'm very excited, I am ready to play tomorrow. But still can't do it because the next game will play on Saturday. "" I think the club persuaded me to move here. And I also talked to some teammates who have played together in the national team. "" I also talked to Bruno Laj and he really wanted me. And I want to play in the Premier League "" I think this is the next step that is correct for me. And I am very happy to be here. "
wow!Sports competition "Asian Surf Cooperative" raises Sportainment to attract tourists to Phuket.|Back again with the international Surf Coo Cooperative Sports Sports competition. Sportainment attracts tourists traveling to Phuket. To stimulate the tourism industry in the Ministry of Tourism and Sports Sports Authority of Thailand The National Sports Development Fund together with the Phuket Sports Association and the Sports Association of Thailand to organize the Phuket Beach Festival 2022 between 23-28 August 2022 at Kata Beach, Karon Subdistrict, Phuket Province, the activity that combines the competition. Sports and Lifestyle activities together to upgrade Thai sports events. And attract tourists from around the world To Phuket To stimulate the tourism industry to the full strength. Mr. Phiphatratratkit, Minister of Tourism and Sports Said about the event, "Phuket Beach Festival 2022 is one of the Ministry's policies. Assigned to Sports Authority of Thailand National Sports Development Fund and Tourism Authority of Thailand Stimulate the tourism industry in Thailand Through sports tourism activities Under the project "2 ocean sports tourism festivals, Air Sea Land Southern Sports Tourism Festival" to stimulate the journey of athletes. And tourists Ready to create a cash flow in the tourism industry in Thailand. Which this event is not just an event and ending But is the development of the whole sports tourism industry And integrated work from the department Under the supervision of the Ministry Government agencies And private in Phuket As everyone knows that the major problem in Thailand is Green Season or monsoon. That tourists are not very planned to travel But on the other hand, the monsoon is very suitable for playing Surf and Kata Beach is one of the aim of playing Surf. Therefore, the Phuket Beach Festival will create awareness of the SURF activities in the group. Wide goals in both domestic and international markets, but in the surf in the monsoon, there is a danger. Therefore, the Ministry has assigned the Sports Authority of Thailand. To work with international agencies such as ILS (International Life Saving) in the international standard water saving skills training on 29 August 2022, 2022 and ISA (International Surfing Association) in The training of the Sports Sports Coach on the day and 3 - 5 September 2022, so the Phuket Beach Festival is not just an event. But is the development of the SURF sport industry in Thailand For sustainability, I would like to leave everyone that Let's travel to the Phuket Beach Festival this time, because it will be a combination of international surf competitions with Beach Lifestyle, such as SURF sports clinics, water sports innovations from Thai sports industry operators, shops in The Flea Market format, including the concert from Thailand's leading artists on 27-28 August at Beyond Resort Kata, Kata Beach, so I would like to invite everyone to try to play Surf and experience the Kata Beach Life together, but if Unable to go down You can follow live broadcast via Live Streaming via Facebook: PhuketbeachFestival ".
Channel 7HD opens the house to welcome the Laliga agent.|Channel 7HD by Mr. Phatthanapong Nounphan (Central) Acting Managing Director To honor the Asia -Pacific Laliga representative by Mr. Vivan Codina, Managing Director Sea - Australiajapan & S.Korea and Mr. Giorgio Pompili Rossi, Delegate Thailand, Laos, Cambodia & Myanmar International Development. Create football programs In order to promote Thai youth to have a forum in showing the world level And took the opportunity to visit the station on Channel 7HD on August 16, 2022, with the Laliga Football Competition or La Liga Spanish as one of the highest league football competitions in Spain. It is known as one of the Big Five league in Europe and is one of the most popular leagues and has the world's highest incomes. Consisting of many world -famous football teams With both Thai and foreign sports fans around the world, such as the Real Madrid Football Club, Barcelona Football Club Atletico Madrid Football Club, etc. Follow the movement on Channel 7HD, press 35 on social media, Facebook, IG, Twitter, Tiktok, Youtube: Ch7HD and website www. Ch7.com
Tourism Authority of Thailand to please the runner -up lovers "Amazing Eco Trail" to support the ecotourism according to the BCG Model plan.|On August 17, 2022, the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) held a press conference on the event "Amazing Eco Trail 2022" (Amazing Eco Trail 2022). Director of the Eastern Region, Tourism Authority of Thailand, together with Mr. Rit Rit Chotiksathien, the competition And Mr. Suthipong Sukprasert, the competition manager To honor the event To promote sports and ecotourism Stimulate the shopping and travel of domestic tourists at the Bangkok Tourist Loung Room, Show DC, G floor, Mrs. Pinnat Charoenphon, the Eastern Regional Director of the Tourism Authority of Thailand. 2022) New ecotourism Is one of the sports tourism activities or Sport Tourism that corresponds to the strategies of the TAT to expand the sports tourist market. And tourists, potential groups To change Thai tourism by presenting Thai tourism values, a new perspective according to the Amazing Thailand campaign, even more in parallel with the responsibility (Responsible Tourism) in accordance with the BCG Model Economic Development Plan to stimulate the shopping and tourism. Of tourists Domestic and able to attract athletes and tourists to participate in the economic stimulus activities well. On this occasion, TAT has a policy to support the "Amazing Eco Trail 2022" activities between Saturday 3 and Sunday 4 September 2022. At Visa Valley, Khao Mai Kaew Subdistrict Bang Lamung District Chon Buri Province There are approximately 3,000 participants, consisting of 2,000 athletes and 1,000 followers, with 3-phase trails, including 21 km (Half Marathon), divided into different ages (15-70 years or more. ), Distance 10 km (mini marathon) is divided into various ages (12-70 years and over) and 5 km (teeth run) for male-female youth (7-19 years). 20 years or more) In addition, the Amazing Eco Trail 2022 is organized in a mini concert by changing from buying tickets to joint activities. Just bring the purchase receipt or use of the service in Chon Buri in the amount of 500 baht to exchange for 2 mini -concerts./Rights and TAT also invite stores and tourism businesses, selling sports equipment. In the Chonburi area Participate in the event and give a special discount to the colleagues as well. TAT expects that this activity will generate revenue circulating at 12 million baht. Eoftron 2022 "is a special activity. It is a combination of the fun of running and places in the midst of a challenging nature but not difficult. Beautiful, on the night before the race. There will be a mini concert from famous artists such as Polycat and The Parkinson, etc. and also promoting the ECO environmental conservation, inviting everyone to pay attention to the environment. Up By having the least competitive competitions and places to affect the environment Use natural materials worthwhile. Reduce the use of environmental destruction materials Campaign for leaving plastic scraps on the route And there is a separate waste in the event The natural material is focused on bringing back. Using the most benefit. Mr. Suthipong Sukprasert, the competition manager Said that Not only that Part of the competition To be in line with the TAT policy and the relevant organizers Responsible Tourism, according to the BCG Model Economic Development Plan, the competition team has set the rules and penalties to increase the competition time 10 minutes when seen runners abandon litter and plastic in the route and Activity area In order to raise awareness for the participants And is considered to promote environmental conservation in another way as well In a press conference Also honored by Kalaya Srinanthawong (Mam) Eiger Ultra Trail in Switzerland, 250 km, Jada Intor (Jada), Channel 7, who has a running experience. Ron and Krit Bunpilai (Bases) Elite Ultra Trail Tai Mo Sha 100 miles come to talk and share good experiences from running trails as well. For those interested in participating in the Aming Eco Rul 2022 can see more details at www.runlah.com/events/aet2022 and Facebook: Amazing Ecotrail For more information, please contact 081-629-6693.
Will sell!"Sir Gimat Cliff", the number 1 billionaire in England, is interested in buying Manchester United.|After having a dream with the new team owner, when Elon Musk, American businessman admitted that he was just spinning the trend. Didn't really think of submitting a proposal to buy Manchester United. Most recently, the Red Devils football fans returned to hope again after Sir Gimrat Cliff, the richest person in the British Isles. Expressed interest in the club, Jim Rot Cliff was once the issue on the media. After submitting an expression of 4,250 million pounds to buy the Chelsea club But in the end, his proposal was rejected. While the person who came to be the new owner of the Blues is Todd Bohli, an American businessman. Only with Manchester United, a team that he cheered since childhood In which he is ready to submit a proposal to take over the Red Devils If the family wants to sell the club. "If the club is priced, of course, Jim has the potential to buy. If this is possible We are also interested in talking with the views of being the owner of the long -term team. "Sir Gymp's spokesman revealed via The Times." It's not just whether we spend money or not. Can do now He knows how important the club is to this city. And feel that this is the right time to start a new. "Currently, Sir Gimat Cliff is the owner of a giant chemical company, which supports the famous Bicycle Team Team Ineos, as well as ownership of 2 other football clubs. That is Nice in Ligue, France and FC Lozanne-Sport. In the Switzerland league, while the family's movement They do not have plans to sell all Manchester United shares, considering only a small partner. To draw new groups of investors into the club In the midst of a heavy resistance from the Red Devils football fans At the latest, the campaign was not released in the field to cheer the team in the game with Liverpool to pressure the skewer out of the club.
Stay for another 2 years!"Lebron James" renewing the contract to hold the highest wage basketball player in history.|After letting the fans of Los Angeles Lakes win for a long time, Lebron James agreed to renew the contract with the team for another 2 years and then made him a wage basketball player. The highest in the history of NBA, Lebron James moved to Lakers in 2018, helping the team win the NBA 1 time, but last season. The team made disappointing work. Unable to pass the playoff round Although he will do an average of 30.3 points, 8.2 rebounds and 6.2 assists per game. That made his future become an issue that was watched. Because only the contract with the Muang Thong team only one year, but the latest The 4 -time MVP prize owner decided to renew the contract with the other 2 seasons. Player Option conditions in the 2024/25 season, as if he could choose whether to stay with the next team or as a free agent to 2024. However, Lebron Unable to identify the conditions for prohibiting the trading team (No-Trade Clause) in the contract because this is the contract renewal Not a new contract But it's not that he will be easily out of the team from the team Since he has a condition of 15% of the share Kicker in the case of being traded from the team, Lebron James will receive at least 97.1 million US dollars (about 3,450 million baht). He became a basketball player that received the most wages throughout the NBA history immediately with a guarantee of 532 million US dollars (about 18,890 million baht). Breaks the record of the famous Kevin Durand Forword of Brooklyn. Nets that have received a total wage of US $ 509 million (about 18,075 million baht). Moreover, Lebron also has a higher money to make money. Because he has the opportunity to receive $ 111 million (about 3,940 million baht) depending on the fluctuation of the Salary Cap. This contract shows that Lebron James has no signs to stop playing. Simple Because he still hoping to play beside his son, Briani, who has the right to be drafted into NBA in 2025, which at that time He will be able to sign the team that his son Draft immediately entered. There are many father and son who have played together in the highest level of the US sport. One of them is The father and son of the Griffy family That played with the Seattle Mariner team together in the Baseball Base Basel League on August 31, 1990
Ready to go!"Worachit" hopes to make history "The Rabbit" in the final 8 teams. ACL|Worachitkanit Sri Bampen The midfielder from the BG Pathum United club announced to make a history with the army "The Rabbit" by taking the team through to the final 8 teams. Champions League 2022 before the Kit Qi SC duel, ready to focus on the teammates to be careful of the return of the top team from Hong Kong. Mentioned about the 16th game, the AFC Champions League team that will meet Kit Qi SC says "They are considered a good team. And there is a preparation for the game that will meet us very well After traveling to collect in South Korea, several weeks, Kit Qi's highlight, I think that in the rhythm of the garden, they have foreign players in a good duty. Highly unique This is the point that we must be careful, try to not lose the ball easily. However, I believe that we are well prepared and ready to meet them. "In addition, the 24 -year -old midfielder said "Personally, I am confident that BG Pathum is good enough to pass the next round. Because all of us have prepared the team very well Would like to invite all BG fans and Thai football fans to encourage the team I would like to make both personal history and together with the team in the finalists. 8, the AFC Champions League for the first time. This Friday game, I will do the best and best to help the team as much as possible. And lead the team to the next round. "For the AFC Champions League 2022 round, 16 teams between BG Pathum United meet Kit Qi SC will enter the field on Friday 19 August 2022 at 15.00 hrs. . Thai time At Komaba Stadium, Saitama, Japan
As beautiful as the painting!Currently, "Botaro" Super Model in the World Cup 2018 (Image)|If going back about 4 years ago in the 2018 World Cup 2018 in Russia There was a picture of a beautiful girl on the football field. Until becoming a trend around the world. Currently, Daniel Botoro, a 32 -year -old Colombia, is still sexy. Comes with dark brown hair Mysterious green eyes And have continuous shooting works There are fans following on personal Instagram. More than 1 million Danielaboterofficial, Botaro in the 2018 World Cup in the social media world, because of the eye-catching beauty for the height of 172 cm, 32-24-34 proportions. Since teenagers Before the most famous Maxim cover of Mexico, Esquire Los Angeles of the United States and Colombia's Playboy, as well as showing many famous movies in the country. She only revealed that only the 10 -year -old daughter Ilana, but refused to reveal who was the father of the child. Her current sweetheart is Bennasonder, a 52 -year -old American businessman.
Do you want to sell?The good media revealed that the attitude of Real Madrid after Manchester United looked at "Gaasemiro".|Teleraft hit the news that Real Madrid would not get in the way if Gazeo wanted to move to this Manchester United summer team after becoming the news a few days ago. Many media reported in the same direction that Manchester United really shows interest in this Brazilian midfielder. In addition, some of the Red Devils are preparing to submit 50 million pounds to the White King. Consider and most recently, Telegraph confirmed that it may be good news for Manchester United, where Real Madrid is ready to release the football. This one is out of the players. That wants to depend on the negotiations of both teams whether they can agree or not. And the hardest checkpoint is to motivate the players to move to the Old Trafford, even though the team is in the downtrend.
I'm crazy!Media hit Manchester United, throwing the statistics of Wang Xiu Club "Felix" to solve the offensive line.|"Red Devils" Manchester United under the leadership of the 52 -year -old Dutch manager Eric Ten Hakkun, creating a sensation in the Summer football market again. Submit an offer as a club statistics up to 130 million euros, or about 4,704 million baht, would like to buy the 22 -year -old Portuguese national team in the Portuguese national team at Atletico Madrid. The player's agency refused to deny the proposal. Because the selling price of this football is 350 million euros, or about 12,636 million baht. For Felix, made 10 goals, 6 assists from 35 matches in the previous season. Referred to from the famous Ben Fika team in his hometown to join the team with a fee of 113 million pounds in 2019
Boiling in the middle of social media!"Buakhao" exploded in the mood in a broken banana tree before fighting "Kota" (clip)|Before the arena, Ratchadamnoen World Series (RWS) on Friday, August 19, between Buakhao, Bancha Mek, Thai boxing boxing, who will meet Kotamura, a young fist, a handsome Japanese star. Gym (Buakaw Banchamek, Buakhao Bancha Mek) has posted an appetizer for 20 seconds but fierce. With the caption, "This clip is practiced with a banana tree. Not about the day of the fight on the 19th. Focus on practicing. "In accordance with the previous page that the page came out to post a smile with a hurt that "All media are only interested in Kota". The said clip shows the power of punch and large elbows. Playing with the banana tree until it broke. Before roaring, the arms muscles and showing off their abdomen There are more than 2.3 hundred thousand views, calling more than 2.5 billion times and more than 1,000 comments. After this clip has been released. Comments from fans Brought together to create many colors, including tease, "Dam.com", intimidating the juniors and juniors very brutal Including Miura's fans who came in to help lightly help with a handsome face. For example, for the schedule, both will meet in the Ratchadamnoen World Series (RWS) on Friday, August 19 in the rules of boxing. Exhibition (No competition results). Fans can follow live broadcast on Workpoint 23 at 21:15 hrs.
There is a surprise!Announcement of "14 Thai Women's Volleyball" AVC Cup 2022|Today (18 Aug 65) Volleyball Association of Thailand Announcing the list of 14 Thai national women's volleyball players and team officials To participate in the AVC Women's Volleyball competition "PNVF" Cup 2022 in Manila, Philippines Between 21-29 August 2022, which the Thai female tire team will enter the field as the 3rd program of the year after winning the 31st SEA Games gold medal in Vietnam. And volleyball leagues that create science through the fire Before grabbing the 8th place in Turkey, the list of 14 Thai national women volleyball players and the team officials who will participate in the AVC Cup Volleyball Competition 2022 are as follows: Manakit independent 3. Piyanuch Pae Noi 4. Supattra Phairoj Football Fast 5. Happiness Hands. Thichakorn Boonlert 8. Watchariya Nuanjam head 9. Chatchu -on Moksri 10. Sasipaporn Chantawisut 11. Cattle Pin Suwan 12. Sutatta Chuen Woo Lim Bee, after 13. Pimphichaya Koram 14. Thanatcha Suksod, Team Manager: Genius glasses, Head of Trainers: Danai Sriwatcharamethakul, trainer: Chamnan Dok Mai, coach: Natthaphong Kesaphan, Doctor of Doctor: Wittawat Janeboon Thai Physical therapy: Thiprat Kaewsai, Morase of the team: Suchitra Khan Sorn Trainer: Pimwan Boonchan, by the Thai national women's volleyball team, will depart on August 19, 2022 by flight TG 620 at 08:25 hrs. Manila International Airport The Republic of the Philippines at 12:45 hrs. (Local time) and will travel from Manila International Airport. The Republic of the Philippines on August 30, 2022 by flight TG 625 at 19:45 (local time) to Bangkok at 22:00 hrs. Women's Volleyball AVC Cup 2022 will compete between 21-29 August 2022. In the Philippines There are a total of 9 teams consisting of the Philippines, South Korea, China, Vietnam, Iran, Japan, Thailand, Taiwan and Australia. Japanese national team on August 21 at 15:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Channel One 31 and www.PPTVHD36.com.
It's so bad!"Seohyun-Sook" Cheerleader Top degree on the cover Maxim (picture)|Take to know Seo Hyun-Sook, the cute girl who is known as one of the superstars of South Korea's superstar in South Korea. Born on April 22, 1994. Currently, 28 years old, she is a cheerleader of the leading sports clubs like the Baseball team, Du Bars Seoul, FC Seoul Football Team, Koyang Orion Basketball Team, Bank. Uree and a large oil company GS Caltex can be said that her agency is Are all national organizations of Kimchi. Hyun-Sook It is outstanding in the beautiful Korean style face. Comes with a look In addition, the short hair style, colorful, more eye -catching, makes her sparkle even more when it's time to dance and dance. To give her the opportunity to work with famous magazines like Maxim, HIM and many other books. For those who want to follow the work of cute Muay The owner of the 168 cm height can be followed at Instagram SEO_HSSS and Facebook 서현숙
Ghost fans!"Casemiro" prepares to check the body of the United|The Spanish media reported. Real Madrid agreed to Kasemiro to travel to check with Manchester United this Friday. Real Madrid allowed Casemiro to go to check with Manchester United on the day. This Friday, according to the 30 -year -old Marka's report, became the target player of the Red Devils. In the past few days, the media throughout Europe reported that Brazil was interested to move to Old Trafford and The famous England team is trying to agree with Real Madrid. The latest progress from Marga revealed that the White King opened the way for Casemiro to do a physical examination with Manchester United on Friday. (Local time) after discussions over the past 3 days, very good, the Brazil national team. Will fly to Manchester this Friday For a physical examination before the pen signing a formal contract, while Di Athletic adds details that United will pay the basic fees to Madrid in the amount of 60 million euros, plus 10 million euros and sign with Casemiro. For 4 years with the option for another 1 year. It is expected that Casemiro will receive the same wages as David De Gea, which is currently accepting 350,000 pounds per week.
"Buakhao Bancha Mek" and "Kotamura" through the scales with a duel today.|Already passed with the weighing of the major boxing in Kat Presents Legend of Rajadamnern Buakhao, Bancha Mek, the legendary Thai boxing and Kotamura, a young jade punch from Japan. To meet on the Ratchadamnoen stage on Friday, August 19, live via Workpoint Channel 23 at 21.15 hrs. With both morning, the scales were already weighing. Both of them announced fully in the punches of the Exhibition Match, which was the first meeting. It was the tradition of Ratchadamnoen World Series or RWS to weigh one day before the competition for the boxer to be fully prepared on the day. race Which the major boxing in the program tomorrow night Were weighing through
Scoop: "Ratchanok Inthanon", the origin of a wonderful little girlThe first badminton world champion from Siam (clip)|The 3 consecutive world youth champions (2009-2011) of Ratchanok Inthanon is a phenomenon that has never been a badminton in the world before. At that time, she became a rising star. One of the most And is expected to be a new superstar in the future of the Badminton industry in the World Championship in 2013. "May" Ratchanok Inthanon, 18 years old, vibrating the world of chickens again She competed as a favorite of 4 of the Gypsophulina, Karulina Marin, PV. Sinthu, passing through the final with Lee Xiao Rae from China if compared to boxing. Is a boxing of the rising star Once the world's 1st throne and the Olympic Games 2012. At that time, the Ratchanok was inferior to many. Both experience Skill and form of play Including the statistics that are clearly inferior, winning only 1 time from meeting 5 times. Because it is inferior, so "May" can play naturally without pressure. On the other hand, with a game that becomes a close, the more Lee Xiao Rae, the more pressure, the more pressure, the final is Ratchanok, who has turned to win 2-1. The first world champion in the history of Thai badminton Ready to create a statistics as the youngest world champion at the age of 18, with foreign media to tease her as a world champion since she was a braces. The Thai media also gave her a wonderful girl in the Thai badminton industry as well. After winning the world championship, Ratchanok also draws countless success. Until moving up to hold the 1st hand in the world in 2016. In 2019, it was a very good year that Ratchanok was able to pass the final access to the 6th life. In the 2019 world championship match 6 years ago, this time she came as a favorite of the 7th fight until the semi -finals with Nozomi Okuhara, the 4th hand of the game. On that day, must be judged in the 3rd game. Duel up to 82 minutes before May finally lost. Get a bronze medal as a consolation award However, she also made history as a 2nd Thai badminton player who made 2 dollars in the world championship after the turtle-orange orange mixed with a 2-year-old bronze medal in 2005-2006. Or now that 7-8 single female badminton players, Marin, Chen Yu Fei, Akane, take turns to dominate the greatness, but our wonderful Rachanok Inthanon is still Stretching at the top level, creating success throughout the decade. The World Championship 2022 this year will compete on 22-28 August to cheer "May" Ratchanok Inthanon and Thai badminton players. To be successful in this program again
More fun than before!"La Liga" is full for Thai football fans to win the season.|"La Liga" is full of season 2022/23 for Thai football fans to win more fun from 380 matches throughout the season through "Laliga Pass", the most modern live broadcasting technology in the world. There is also a development of content that allows football fans in Thailand to be closer to the league. Bull league fierce on August 18, 2022 at Reunion Restaurant, 5th floor, D.O.M. Pak Soiyawiphavadi 20 "La Liga Thailand". Organized the launch of the new Spanish La Liga football season, 2022-23 through the most modern live broadcasting technology in the world. As well as inviting sports media to talk simple and friendly Under the events "What Happy in Laliga Stays with You" by Mr. Georo Pom Pom Pilli, the representative of La Liga, Thailand, said, "The Spanish season 2022/23 officially started with excitement. A new time that is rich in superstar players And competitions that are more intense than every season ago Through the most modern live broadcasting technology in the world from 380 matches throughout the season. There are important games for fans to follow "Madrid Derby" (Real Madrid - Atletico Madrid), "Ellazico" (Real Madrid -Barcelona), including Derby. Other matches such as Catalan (Barcelona -Espanyal), Derby of Basket Bie of Andalusia (Real Betis -Sevilla) "" La Liga is also a leader in creating a digital platform for fans in Thailand, which is the launch of the Laliga Pass, the OTT Platform. Live, Laliga Santander and Laliga Smartbank football, all matches via mobile phones, websites and smart TVs In which Thai football fans can watch all the live broadcasts Via the Laliga Pass application and have a lecture in Thai as well in some matches Which can apply for membership on a monthly basis Or the whole season Pay via the True Money application on both iOS and Android mobile phones. "" For new content That will be available in the Laliga Pass. From now on, there are short programs, documentary and classic La Liga matches. Which can be watched for free. There are also content created only in Thailand With the new program "Laliga Pass Show" in -depth analysis of La Liga every week. "Mr. Alfredo Bermejo, the director of the Digital Mechanism of La Liga Added that "We are fully determined to provide better services for our fans to enjoy the great experiences received from Laliga Pass. Adding content in the local language. And more supporting equipment It's just some of the part that we are making for a new season to make football fans in Thailand closer to the league bull. "
Thai young lady armyFly to the PhilippinesPrepare for the AVC Cup.|Thai national women's volleyball team Departure to the PPTV Women's Volleyball Women's AVC "PNVF" Cup 2022 in the Philippines on August 19 at 08.25 hrs. The Thai national women's volleyball team traveled from Suvarnabhumi Airport to the Philippines to enter. Participated in the PP TV, the AVC Women's Volleyball "PNVF" Cup 2022 during 21-19 August, the Thai women's volleyball team has been practicing since July 26. To prepare for two important items like World Championship Women's Volleyball And Women's Volleyball AVC Cup 2022, with the latest work in 2018 in Nakhon Ratchasima Thai women finish with the 3rd place after defeating Taiwan 3-0. Mr. Somporn used Bang Yang, President of the Volleyball Association of Thailand, traveled to encourage athletes before traveling. Ready to say Hope to use this program as a team practice. Did not expect the champion Have deposited to the coach in the matter of managing athletes Anything that is risky, injured, is not risky. Because we hope to prepare the world championship However, when entering the field, everyone must be fully coaches. Danai Sriwatcharamethakul said, "For this athlete is a combination of athletes. Between the main set from the Volleyball Nation League and some people we have to test As for the readiness, must be honestly said that when we do the body The performance of the team may be a little reduced. We focus on the matter of physical making. To compete in the Philippines, we have to compete with practice In which the process is effective, we may not come out much But we can not avoid because we have a big goal that must be conducted to the target basis. We have to stick to 1 in 3 for this competition, "Bum Bim Chatch Urmoksri revealed that" For this program There are some players switching. Personally, I don't want to fall out. 1 in 3 If possible, I want to win the championship. "For the AVC Cup Women Volleyball Competition, 2022 will compete between 21-29 August 2022 in the Philippines. There are a total of 9 teams consisting of the Philippines, Korea, China, Vietnam, Iran, Japan, Thailand, Taiwan and Australia. The first round is divided into 2 groups. A total of 5 teams consisting of Philippines, South Korea, China, Vietnam and Iran, while Group B, consisting of Japan, Thailand, Taiwan and Australia. The first match of the Thai national team will meet with the Japanese national team on August 21 at 15.00 hrs., Live on Channel 31 and www.ptvhd36. com
Cup G is the reason!"Ri, Tomiya Su" from sports journalists to the heroine of the porn (picture)|It is another latest girl who has changed from a career in sports. I would like to enter the film industry or porn actors (AV movies) in Japan, a full representative became a trend in the land of raw fish for Riyasu, a former beautiful woman who used to make a professional sports journalist for local television stations. Who decided to debut porn By releasing the first work in August 2021 before being diligent until more than 80 works have been done to the present Which lasts about 1 full year Born on March 30, 1997. Currently, 25 years old is the owner of 155 cm in height. Comes with the chest excess, the G-Cup G 36-23-35 and the image that looks bright, cheerful, smiling, good, but looks reliable. The typical of those who had previously had a career as the media before. The first work of her EBOD-849 was in a blue sports shirt and knee skirt. Open the story by introducing yourself on the car. Before going down to sit and talk a little interview on the lawn to feel like talking to a cute athlete girl And then the story is 18+, like chili to ginger and many other male actors Satisfied throughout the 2 and a half hours.
The head is pain!"Klopp" without 7 big players before the battle of red boiling this Monday|Yergen Klopp, Liverpool, had to face the hardships after the 7 big players before the 3rd Premier League game to invade Manchester United, rival forever in the red boiling battle on Monday. To this point, Liverpool Started disappointingly when there was no win. The first 2 matches in the new season from the two draws, divided into 2-2 2-2 and watching the nest, dividing the crystal palace 1-1. The Red Devils opened the first 2 games with a black bow piece. When the 2 games from the opening of the nest to defeat Brighton and Hoff Albion 1-2 and defeat the Brent Ford 0-4, resulting in the first table of the table in 30 years. Eric Tenhak fell into a more pressure situation. The situation before this game The visiting team is troubling about the players. When Klopp had a lack of 7 famous footballers like Tiago Alkantara, Ibra Himo Gonate, Alex Oxlade-Chembern. , Diego Chota, Quiwin Clele Her and Cordis Jones are injured. As for the Red Label, Darwin Nok Nok came to be banned from the latest red card.
Wait to follow!The media hit the "Ten Hak". Prepare to catch "McGuire" to reserve a red game.|The media reported that Eric Ten Hakkun, Manchester United manager, may have Harry McGuire, the team defender. It's just a reserve in the Liverpool duel game. The red boiling battle. This Monday, the situation of the Red Devils is very bad. After playing in the Premier League 2022/23, 2 matches lost in both matches, being scored up to 6 goals and dropped to the final point of the table. Causing the team to encounter heavy criticism at this time Including the form of play, the players, including the outline of the latest Manchester Ephting News, the local media reported that Ten Hak may make a surprise by sending Lisan Do Martinis on the field, such as old But will be paired with Rafael Van, which the person who will come out as a backup is McGuire. In addition to all 3 people mentioned above Eric Baii, who is ready to enter the field in the back of the defender as well.
That's not normal!Revealing the secret of Manchester United shirts of "Jenny Blackpink" in the latest MV (picture)|Believe that at this time, the Blackpink Girls should be opening the band's latest single like Pink Venom, which is known as "Looping Loop" for sure, because just 1 hour at the MV. This song opens the Premier. For the first time The view is soaring through the 10 million views. It is completed. When entering the middle of the Blink songs, Manchester United's football fans, even more happy when Jenny, one of the members of the band. Wearing the Red Devils team in the MV is considered a nectar to nourish the Red Army when the form of the team is really sinking the plum. Some people may wonder that Adidas's Manchester United shirts that Jenny wears Aside from having Custom Both cut and attached to the name Still an unfamiliar pattern Although not strange that we have seen the BlackPink band wearing a three -striped brand shirt because Blackpink has been an Adidas brand ambassador since 2020. The reason is because This red demon team Is the one that is made especially for fashion football shirts Never put on the real game at all. The shirt is Manchester United Teamgeist Jersey, released in 2021 to celebrate the 15th anniversary of the 2006 World Cup in Germany. The three -stripe camp was released in the competition named Teamgeist from German, meaning Teamgeist. It is also the concept of the design of the national team. And various clubs that Adidas also supported in the 2006 World Cup. Even though Manchester United did not use the three -strip racing kit (in 2006, the service of Nike), but when the demon team Daeng is the adidas sales team at the time when the Teamgeist collection is reworked, including this time. Do not miss to have something to sell By that shirt Comes with black Sam with red and white In addition, there are many other items. The Main Stand team inquired about the source of the response at the first time, found that it was not very good, in part because of the unfortunate design. Another part may be because of beauty. Resulting in a reduced price of 2 times from the launch of 2,900 baht per piece, reduced to 2,000 baht and there are only 1,200 baht to 1,200 baht. However, if you see Jenny Blackpink wearing this shirt and want to tell here That the shirt in Thailand, the price of the "stock out" is complete but still have hope Because in Manchester United's official shop, this shirt is still sold at a price of 23.98 pounds, or about 1,020 baht, which is reduced from the price of 63 pounds, or about 2,680 baht to more than half. However, only the small size is left. And aside from having to hurry May also have to hope for tax when arriving in Thailand as well
Otherwise it will definitely be hit!"Sema Petch" suggests "Liam Harrison" prepares his heart before the championship "Nong Oh"|"Sema Petch Fairtex" as a former challenger of the Muay Thai King The Bantamweight model "Nong Oh, a five -star grilled chicken", sent advice to "Liam Harrison" to prepare his heart well for the Thai world champion in the One Fight Night 1: Ade. Riano vs Dimitrees II, which will be broadcast live in America Prime Matching in the morning at 07:00 hrs. Of Saturday 27 August 65, Thai time, the owner of the "left light", which is currently holding the number one challenger of One Muay Thai Boxing. Revealing the experience that used to challenge the seniors like "Nong Oh", which is known as "The King killed without death", which has no competitors to overthrow him since the year 2019, Sema Phet used to have the opportunity to challenge the power "Nong Oh" for the first time in November. 62 but cannot overthrow the throne While also being completely knocked, while Liam, a veteran boxer from the elite The 5th challenger is about to be able to get a legendary Thai boxing world champion. As a hot shower before. "For Liam to meet Nong Oh, I think his weapon is already able to fight. But must be careful of every child because Nong has everything, including punch, feet, knees, elbows and can say that every child is heavy I got hit. "" I would like to tell Liam that I don't have to prepare anything. Just pampering to fight with Nong Oh, if you don't bring your heart to come, if you don't fight, you will definitely kill you. "By Sema Phet himself, there is a queue to open the eye and" Rit Diamond Petch Yinnami "to Hold the number one chair as well. In the One 160: II Christian vs, II, who will broadcast live on Friday 26 August, the first pair at 18:30 hrs. Fans can check how to watch the broadcast. Fresh Battle One 160: Ox VS Christians II (Friday 26 Aug 65) and One Fight Night 1: Adriano VS Dimitrie II (Saturday 27 Aug 65) On Facebook One Championship Thailand and OneFC.com/th website
Clear everyone!"Rodgers" reiterated not to release "foil", hope to renew the new contract "Maddisan"|Leicester City's Brendan Rodgers still hopes that the team will be able to hold on to Vesley Fahana with the team. Despite the news of Chelsea heavily, the 21 -year -old foamana has just renewed a new contract with Leicester at the end of the season. And he has a promise to the middle of the year 2027. However, the blue fox army has a problem in the budget spending. It is necessary to sell the players from the team before buying a new player. The situation of the Fahana that has received the attention of Chelsea is still uncertain. Leicester has denied 70 million pounds from Chelsea. But it is expected that it will not end just this in the last 12 days of trading. "He is a Leicester player, he is not for sale. The club is clear in this matter. If nothing changes He will continue to stay with us. "Rodgers confirmed. In addition, Leicester City also has a plan to submit a new contract to James Madzun, who will expire in 2024. He is another person. Ster City rejected the proposal to buy him by Newcastle United as the news of 40 million pounds in the beginning of last month. "We have discussed many times. Our team has talked to Maddis's representatives. I am confident that the club has a clear need. We hope that we will be able to find a mutual agreement. "" He has a contract with the team for another 2 years and as usual, the club has to protect the club's assets. But actually it is the benefit of both parties. "" Of course, He is a great player. And it will be good for Leicester if able to keep him with the team, "said the Northern Ireland.
BG Pathum United attacked wrinkled Qi Qi through the final 8 teams. The final team of the AFC Champions League 2022|BG Pathum United attacked wrinkled Qi SC from Hong Kong through the final 8 teams. The final team of the AFC Champions League 2022 at the Koma Ba Stadium, Sai Tai, Japan by "The Rabbit". BG gets a 1-0 goal. 34 from Worachit Kittasri Bamphen Before the first half of the end, it was added to 2-0 hrs. 39 from the second half of the famous Iksan Fany team from Siam continued to invade. Before becoming 3-0 in addition, 68 from Teerasil Daeng Da's firing ball before coming to get a door to close the box 4-0 hrs. 87, from Coronalongkhi, this victory of BG Pathum United, making them make history. Through the final 8 teams, the AFC Champions League For the first time in the club as well
Manchester United invest in hunting "Antoni" finally bend the football market.|Manchester United Football Club of the English Premier League football Revive the attempt to grab Antoni, the attack on Ajax, before the deadline Football market This summer will end on 1 September after the deal has been prolonged for a long time. It is one of the top targets of Eric Ten Hak with Fengie de Young, but until they survived, they still couldn't close the 2 deals. Gaasemiro from Real Madrid in the midfielder instead of the latest report from Gram Baley, 90min reporter, England revealed that the Red Devils are ready to return to the full deal, although Ajax will Standing, wanting a enormous value of approximately 92 million euros (about 78 million pounds). On the Antoni deal, it was back in the previous period. Ajax set up a 22 -year -old Star Ceiling. At 80 million euros at the end of July But shortly thereafter, they raised the level of Antoni to 92 million euros in the end. It is the highest value of the Ereadivie Cex team in the past season. Breaks the 77 million pounds that they have released de Yong to Barcelona in 2019. The report stated that Ajax still wanted. The proposal at the said level did not change. In the midst of the rumors with Manchester United under the control of Eric Tenhak's team.
Judge this Sunday champion!FIFA Online Asian EACC SUMER 2022 FIFA Online 4|The EACC competition in Summer competes between 15-21 August and broadcast live to China, Korea, Vietnam and Thailand. This program has 12 teams to compete for a total of 100,000 US dollars (about 3.1 million baht. ) After the intense competition for the 5 days, the last 4 teams will pass to play in the semi -final round on August 21 and approaching the EACC Summer 2022 to the next level, which is important to judge. The winner is the Grand Final on August 21 to find the only winner to win the EACC Summer 2022. On August 18, EACC Summer 2022, the FIFA Online 4 game competition has competed until There are 8 final teams for the remaining competition from all 4 countries, including China, Korea, Thailand and Vietnam, who are still in the competition. And now the remaining teams are approaching another finals to compete for a prestigious champion and a share of 100,00 US dollars 8. The final team in the FIFA Online 4 EACC Summer 2022 consists of- Wolves Esports (China)- Daejeon Hanacitizen Football Club (Korea)- Crazywin (Korea)- Kwangdong Freecs (Korea)- MITR Coffee (Thailand)- DIH ESPORS) (Vietnam)- Tony Tonyy (Vietnam). FIFA Online 4- EACC Summer 2022 competition has passed the 3rd day. Which throughout the tournament Both of them fought fiercely, whether new teams or old teams. For regular items, for this program will lead 3 teams from each country, namely China, Korea, Thailand and Vietnam, which are divided into 2 lines. Disseminate Each match will compete in the Best-OF-5 team. The finalists must win at least 3 games from a total of 5 games to compete in order to pass the next round. Unfortunately, the 3 Thai teams now. Must be left in only one team, Mitr Coffee, because GRSPORTS TEAM has to end the route after the end of 3Gratz is one of the favorites of the program. With the EACC SPRING 2022 secondary degree that has continuously done well. After the latest, the FIFA Online 4 Super League Season 6 was first dominated, but in the EACC Summer 2022, the work was wrong. The first game, they lost to 0-3 in meeting Korean representatives like Daejeon Hana Citizen, followed by fellow countrymen like Mitr Coffee 2-3, resulting in the end of the work, not winning anyone in this program, while NRSPORTS Team is considered. Time of success Because they were able to finish the 3rd place in the Super League Season 6 battle as an agent in the EACC Summer 2022, but had to lose two games after losing DIH ESPORT 0-3, followed by a losing to Crazy Win in the bottom 1-3. In just 2 days, the FIFA Online 4 - EACC Summer 2022 competition is approaching 4 representatives from the line. By the situation now, which the top battle of both A and B cable is quite interesting Because it was a meeting between the same nation. The two teams A Vietnamese, DIH ESPORT, preparing for a progamer duel, while the B is a meeting of the South Korean team between Daejeon Hana Citizen FC. Meet the strong team, the Freecs, which is quite advantageous from playing only the game. single And have never lost the game for the competitors. The meeting of both pairs from these two lines will judge on August 20, 2022.
Definitely boiling!"Usan" returns the arena to protect the championship."Edward" UFC 278 this week|UFC, martial arts organizations and the greatest combination in the world Prepare to bomb the World Championship of August under the UFC 278: USMAN VS EDWARDS 2, the world champion of the Waru Usa Usa's world champion, the owner of the Nigerian position to meet Leon Edward. Challenger from Jameka The battle will be exploded at the arena Vivint Arena, South Lake City, Utah, United States on Sunday, August 21, "The Nigerian Nightmare", 35 -year -old Nigeri world champion, who has won 20 statistics and losing only one time. It is also a winning 19 fights after Usman, 2 fights in 2021, which is a leely asleep in the air in the second round before winning Coby Cowington. Last November, while "Rocky", a 30 -year -old challenger from Jameka, who had lost Usan's score in 2015, this time he had the opportunity to come back to duel with Usan again for Lee's statistics. On Ed Edward, a winning 19 losing 3, which counted, but the person losing to Usan scores 7 years ago, Edwardz has never lost anyone. It was a win 9 and canceled another decision. The second partner was a battle in the Middleweight coordinates between the 31 -year -old Brazilian fighter Paolo Costa, the 13 -year -old statistics losing 2 and was just the latest 2 fights at Meet the victory by "Borrachinha" will have a duel with the 36 -year -old American fighter with a statistics of 16 losing 5, with the last 2 fights being knocked into both fights. It is about who will unlock the victory first. There are still the arena of many fighters from Asia. In the Bantamwet model, there are both men and women chasing since Wu Ya Nan, a Chinese fighter who will meet Lucy Pudilo that the opponent from the Czech Republic, Original, a Chinese Mongol fighter at Will meet Jay Perrin, a couple of Americans and Iraq's Amir Alba That will be in the arena in the Flyweight coordinates with Francisco Ficoredo from Brazil. There are also many fun fights, exciting and thrilling waiting for you on the UFC 278: USMAN VS EDWARDS 2 Sunday. this The official match of the UFC 278: USMAN VS EDWARDS 2 main pairs of the world -played world championships, Welterweight, Usman vs Leeon Edward, Double -Ed -Di Daddy. Lovato Costa vs Rock Hold look, Bantam, Vet Jose, Aldo vs Milit Vali, Bantam, Women's Wua Nan vs Lucy Pudi Lovi, Light Heavy Vetson Pedro vs Harry Hanzakger, a pair of Heavy Vet Mercen Taiburu VS Alexandre Roman Fros Light Leon, Santos, VS Jaret Gordon, Featherweight Woodson VS, Louis Salana, Flyweight, Miranda Mervari VS Channa Yang, before the Welterweight Age Fleet VS, Angke Luca, Flyweight, Alba, Alba, VS, Francisco Ficoreo, Bantam Wet The Ariklang vs Jay Perrin, Flyweight Vesal Da Silva VS Bicktor Altano for the UFC 278: USMAN VS EDWARDS 2, will move the wig to compete. At the Vivint Arena arena, South Lake City, Utah, United States on Sunday, August 21, the main partner began at 09:00 hrs. Thai boxing punch fans can follow on True Sports HD3 (668) and the UFC Fight Pass application. More details at https://www.ufc.com/event/ufc-278
On the stage, there is no flush!"Rit Angel" aims to resent "Sema Petch" to dismay.|"Rit Diamond Petch Yindee Academy" ready to open the battle of the eyes "Sema Petch Fairx". This time must win. In order to remove the words that the victory that was previously acquired was just a ball Both of them will fight in one 160: Ox VS Christian II, which will be broadcast live on Friday 26 August. Back in November. 64 The angel had faced the number one challenger of the challenger of the King as a boxing instead. Which was the first appearance on the One stage, after being counted first in the first round. As a result, the judge immediately fascinated the competition, despite being the party to raise his hands, but the angel power was still seen as because of luck. This time he aims to overcome the lack. Whether winning the score or knockout To prove to everyone that what happened is not a coincidence in any way. "Depending on the people For the elbows that others see as a child Actually, I have always practiced this child. And I have won this 'Flush' many times Which the fans that he followed me before, will know whether the elbow that I use it to get up or not. "" I was fully prepared. I am confident in my practice, not him or I have to win. And I want to end in a broken If losing, then lose without doubt If winning, must win Will not be suspicious again. "Prepare to meet the major blood battles between" Rit Angel VS Sema Petch "in one 160: vs Christian II on Friday 26 Aug 65. Watch live broadcast. Through Watch.onefc.com in the PPV system (pay to watch), AIS Play (only AIS customers) start the first pair at 18:30 hrs. And Thai Rath TV Channel 32, watch back at 21:30 hrs.
For the future!Chelsea launches "Casade" daytime midfielder, thinking from Inter Milan.|Chelsea launched the 19 -year -old Rising Star Cerezare Casade from Inter Milan to the team officially with a fee of 15 million euros, plus another 5 million euros bonus, this small Italian national team. News involved with many clubs throughout the past month. But in the end, the blue lion that has joined the team and signing a contract until 2028, Kazadade has done outstanding work in the Youth team of the Interior of the season with 17 goals and 5 assists. The team won the U19 league championship with the great star. Wonder, this was in the long -term project of the Blues, who tried to buy a good rising star into the team. After getting the Gabriel Sloenina and Carnee Chuwu Mega to join the team earlier
"Supachai, Castaka" Double Double!Buriram United monitoring Sukhothai FC 6-1|The Thai League football competition 2022/2023, the 2nd match, Buriram United opened the elephant, Arena received the visit of the old face, Sukhothai FC, started the game at 9 minutes. Wirawattanom added to the right. Then opened and opened Natnat, as if he had shot his eyes, Kittiphan Saen Suk, the visiting team, rounded out in Supachai Jai, who ran to the net to the net 30th minute, Sukhothai losing more goals until Jonathan Bo Linci has fallen into the penalty area. Before scooping to the second pole The defender of the visiting team was extracted into the Goran Casic tackles in the 37th minute. Buriram continued to invade. And got a goal to escape to 3-0 away when Thirathorn Bunmathan opened the ball Sukhothai defender Bad extraction, Frank Castaka dropped into the first pillar, Tung Ta Mung, 41 minutes. Up to the right for Thirathorn Bunmathan to bet on Frank Castaka to fall into the first half of Buriram United. Bring Sukhothai FC 4-0 into the second half of the 51th minute. -0 from the corner kick on the right, Frank Castaka opened. Diego Bar, the famous Barka rocked the ball into the door to the goal 64. The home team had hoped again. From the corner kick on the right, Frank Castaka opened. Jonathan Bolinaki tackled, but Kittiphan Saen Suk was still accepting the 89th minute. Come to the left Then opened into the penalty area. The visiting team came to beat the eggs successfully. From the free kick in front of the Sila Sri Kampang penalty area, spin with the right side of the wall beautifully, then do not do more. Buriram United game opened the home landslide, Sukhothai FC 6-1, the name of the players who entered the field of both. Buriram United Team: Siwarak Thomsungnoen (GK), Lent, Hemwibun, Diego Bar, Dangka (Chitiphat Tan Klang, 76), Narub Din Wirawattanom (Rattanakorn Mai, Kamon. 31), Thirathorn Boonmatan (Peeradon Chumratsami, 63), Sasalak Hai Prakhon, Goran Kasic, Suphanat Muen Ta (Ong Thu 63), Frank Castaka (Chutip Real Thong Ng. 76), Supachai Jaiyak, Jonathan Bolin Kisuram: Kittiphan Saen Suk (GK), Sarawut Kanlayanon Bundit, Chakkrit Vejjapirom, Sarongkarn Supapa, Piyarat Lajang (Maximi Sapai Aeron. 46), Somkid Chamnan Sin (U -Tapao Por. 46), Silasri Kampang, Nanthawat Kokwai (Natthawut Charoenbutr. Sitthisakulphon (Susan aimed at Nor. 46), Osamano (Wiraphat Nil Burapha Nor. 41)
Accelerate the final round!"Buakhao" Prakan weapons are heavy "Kota" until having to end the fight (picture)|Completed For a special boxing pair that has received the attention of both Thai and Japanese people between Buakhao, Bancha Mek, the legendary fist and Kotimura, a handsome fighter in the Kat Presents Legend of Rajadamnern: Kickboxing Exhibition at the Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium. On the evening of Friday, August 19, the major partner of the program was a meeting between Buakhao, 40 -year -old Muay Thai and a 20 -year -old MMA fighter, who agreed to fight with the rules of boxing in the picture. EXHIBITION MATCH Specified 3, Among the audience who bought the tickets to see each other, the stage of the stage, the first thousand people, Buakhao and Kota with the fight. Causing both to stop weapons Like a warm -up But there is still a punch and kick to exchange for the boxing fans on the stage to scream for a period of seconds, become Bua Khao, who is the argument. By moving forward and kicking Makes the atmosphere beside the stage more exciting and more exciting. Kota can also focus on getting and the garden. But with a lot of weaker boxing bones, Buakhao is not good at the last lifting Bua Khao. Move forward, punch, knees, and feet in a set of play. Before the fist of the Thai fighter, the child fighters enter the corner and throw the knees floating into the big set until Kota could not continue to fight. The judges had to intervene and end the competition in the midst of the cheering. The Ratchadamnoen stage after the punch of Buakhao gave an interview, "For Kota, he still doesn't have much experience. Therefore not difficult to dictatize, while I am now 40 years old, but it's happy to carry on to carry on Muay Thai And ready to continue fighting. "The loser like Kota said," I am more good at fighting more than a kickbox. This is the first time to go on stage in this rule. Despite everyone Endure to pay attention and look forward to this much. But I couldn't be the opponent of Buakhao. I really apologize to everyone. "" Thank you for all the encouragement. I can say that this has just started this route. To fight with Buakhao will make me stronger. From now on, please continue to cheer for me in the MMA competition. "
Ghost fans are famous!Manchester United officially announced "Casemiro".|"Red Devils" Manchester United, the famous team of the English Premier League, announced the Casemiro midfielder Samba from the "White King" Real Madrid. Ster United is pleased to announce that The club has reached an agreement with Real Madrid to move Casemiro, which is only some personal agreements and the physical examination with the club. For the 30 -year -old, it is 60 million pounds. Another 10 million pounds, 4 -year contract period with a 1 year extended option. The wage does not specify the exact number, but Fabrisio Romano, the Italian famous news hawk confirms that Did not add 2 times from the receiving with Real Madrid, but will be in the most tired player of the Red Devils team And will get more if the team goes to play UEFA Champions League. Casemiro will travel by private plane to Manchester. And is scheduled to undergo a physical examination this Saturday Then clear the visa And signed the officially launch contract
Summary of drama!FA ban "Two" 1 match, fine 1.4 million, "Conte" hit more than 6 hundred thousand|After allowing the clash between Thomas Two, the Chelsea coach and Antonio Conte, Tottenham Hotspur is a hot topic for 1 week. The English Football Association (FA) issued a statement. Punished both of the inappropriate behavior from the event that the coach of both teams had a violent argument after the game, Chelsea always opened the house. Spurs 2-2 on August 14, FA has released the script. Punished by stating that the red card was hit by the referee after the game. Do not control the game on the side of the field. That is the game that Blues invaded Leeds United on Sunday 21 August. The German coach has been fined another 35,000 pounds (about 1.4 million baht). The Conte's side also controls the game of the Golden Spur. Wolf Hampan One Derers on Saturday 20 August as usual. But was fined by 15,000 pounds (about 642,750 baht). FA informed that this decision took place after Tukle and Conte accepted what they had done inappropriate on the field. However, after Mike Dean, the referee Var in the said game Admitted that he made a mistake that did not inform Anthony Taylor on the field to check the rhythm of Mark Guku Reromero, Romero pulled the hair, causing Tukle to feel quite disappointed to come out. Talk about this later. "It was a big mistake and the whole world saw the whole world." Tukee complained. "I tried to make myself feel satisfied with this explanation. Because it's extremely clear But I don't understand why the referee cannot judge anything correctly? "
Watch again!Superfite "Buakhao" chase "Kota" showing the bone difference (clip)|Take to see the full clip of a special boxing box that has received the attention of both Thai and Japanese people between Buakhao, Bancha Mek, the legendary fist and Kotimura, a handsome fighter in the Kat Presents Legend of Rajadamnern: Kickboxing Exhibition. At Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium On the evening of Friday, August 19, the first partner of Buakhao, the 40 -year -old Muay Thai, with a 20 -year -old MMA fighter, agreed to punch with the rules of Boxing in the form of Exhibition Match. 3 raised in the midst of the audience who bought the ticket to see the edge of the stage, the first thousand people, Buakhao and Kota with the fight. Causing both to stop weapons Like a warm -up But there is still a punch and kick to exchange for the boxing fans on the stage to scream for a period of seconds, become Bua Khao, who is the argument. By moving forward and kicking Makes the atmosphere beside the stage more exciting and more exciting. Kota can also focus on getting and the garden. But with a lot of weaker boxing bones, Buakhao is not good at the last lifting Bua Khao. Move forward, punch, knees, and feet in a set of play. Before the fist of the Thai fighter, the child fighters enter the corner and throw the knees floating into the big set until Kota could not continue to fight. The judges had to intervene and end the competition in the midst of the cheering. The Ratchadamnoen stage after the punch of Buakhao gave an interview, "For Kota, he still doesn't have much experience. Therefore not difficult to dictatize, while I am now 40 years old, but it's happy to carry on to carry on Muay Thai And ready to continue fighting. "The loser like Kota said," I am more good at fighting more than a kickbox. This is the first time to go on stage in this rule. Despite everyone Endure to pay attention and look forward to this much. But I couldn't be the opponent of Buakhao. I really apologize to everyone. "" Thank you for all the encouragement. I can say that this has just started this route. To fight with Buakhao will make me stronger. From now on, please continue to cheer for me in the MMA competition. "
I can't sleep!Boxing fan comments around the world "Buakhao" smelted "Kota" last night (picture)|Glean up a special boxing pair that has received attention around the world between Buakhao, Bancha Mek, the legendary fist with Katmura, a handsome star in the Kat Presents Legend of Rajadamnern: Kickboxing Exhibition at Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium. On the evening of Friday, August 19, which is known that the 40 -year -old Muay Thai boxing chases the 20 -year -old Japanese MMA fighter with the rules of the boxing boxing. Close the game without all After the judges on the competition at the end of the round 3 for the safety of Kota, the storm of Buakhao can't handle it. This area, we have part of the comments on YouTube from boxing fans around the world. Watch this fight. Let's see how they feel. ------------------------------------------ --------------------- Marvin Torres Buakhao is one of the legendary Thai boxers forever Adam. V became even more old The skills and movements of Buakhao have improved in many years. Even though aged 40, but still fit to congratulate the Thai boxing legend that is still alive. Bosano, just the first second of the punch, Buakhao knows that he will definitely win. The boxing is different. But at least the Japanese boy has experienced back. Paul Kubb Buakhao is clear, clear, only the first round. He already knew that the little boy had nothing to fight him. He just pulled the game to drag it for a long time to reach 3. When the end, it adds a little fierceness. Stantic should not be fighting with Buakhao. What we can do is to sit and watch him. Syam381 experiences make you stronger! Congratulations on the legend of breath. Buakhao Gaolang, the poor Kota, even if there is no way to fight. But at least lucky to duel with the Thai boxing legend, Nguyễn Hoàng Minh Standing with a legend. 3 raised. I was sure that he would be better in the future. Sayhello Kk. The reason that Kota could stand up to 3 is because Buakhao is extremely weak. Siyabulela Sono Buao is stopping all the time. In the end, he showed the Japanese child who was the real thing on this stage. That's great Even if you still use less than half of the power, Marius Baier Buakhao is the legend of this fight like a light practice. Not a true competition andy How much tan is merit that Kota still stands to show a handsome face. In the end, if seriously, Bua Khao Knock can be from the first round. GTLO1974 is very different. Buakhao Knock from the first round. But he doesn't do KS8910 MR K, a skilled boxer. But it was a great promotion of the Ratchadamnoen stage. TheGrimreaper8 with respect for both of them, but Buakhao is like punching. RR isn't the punch? Buakhao hopes Knock. Kota will be more serious if Buakhao is full of kostas. Spyridakis has nothing to surprise Kota. And what to fight with the legend like Buakhao Wan Ali Akashah. Best. Buakhao knows that the little boy is still under experience. So he didn't want to hurt. Punch and throw the knee as a ceremony Just this game can be closed. Chong Eng Seng has a good lesson. Kota, at least, fight. As for the legends like Buakhao, we have nothing to talk about him more than this. Ngamen will be boxing. Handsome only. It's not enough. CRPTC fighting this fight should not happen. The experience is different from the sky and the abyss KV27 Buakhao. Exert less than half?
This event has a chance!BG Pathum United vs. Urawa Red Diamonds ACL 2022 round 8, the final team.|On 20 August 2022 at the Saitama Stadium press conference room, Sai Tha Sita, Japan. The Asian Football Federation (AFC) as the host The lottery has been attached to the AFC Champions League 2022 round 8, the last 8 teams, the Eastern zone by BG Pathum United. United, one representative from Thailand Go through to the final 16 team as the Group G champion. With a losing statistics, winning 3 draws 3 from the 6 kicks and the latest defeat to Kit Qi SC 4-0 in the final 16 teams, making history through the final 8 teams for the first time in the club in Urawa. Red Diamond is the owner of the 2 -time AFC Champions League championship and has passed the final 8 teams by defeating Johor Darul Taksim, a famous team from Malaysia. With the 5-0 competition results on August 19, 2022, by the AFC Champions League 2022, the last 8 teams, the eastern zone between BG Pathum United and Urawa Red Diamond. Competition on August 22, 2022 in Saitama Stadium at 18:00 hrs. (On the time of Thailand), broadcast live via Eleven Sports. Motors from South Korea compete in Saitama Stadium on the same day. Thai time 14:00 hrs.
Handsome!"Klopp" Pierce "Akbon Lahor" Yukong the Red Devils too|Liverpool's manager Yergen Klopp came out to call on Gabriel Bonlahokuru of the Talk Sports to review his own words who criticized Manchester United players like. Lost After the game they lost to Brentford 0-4 in the latest Premier League, according to the report from Sky Sports "Gabby" criticized the Red Devils in the game they were hit. Blurred by using the word "amateurs" in the talk of the Eric Ten Hak team's form, which Klopp came out to talk about this during the press conference before the red game boiling, "Can you see? Clearly, it's not a good week for United. After the game that lost Brentford, which we forgot how good they were Those (criticism) are terrible. I drove back home and watched the first half of the game at the practice field. And heard these stories from the Talk Sport and Gaby. "" He used to lose to my team 0-6 when I came to work in the first year. Which I can't remember if he had a state of mind like a monster or not at that time But what he said about Manchester United has already shown. "" I almost called to say that - Have you forgotten or have you been a footballer before?- If a former footballer acts like this You can imagine what it will be like. You have to ask yourself how you will express these stories? "Klopp said.
Chame United signed 5 Young football playersHoping to mold a footballer of the Thai League, abroad|At 10:00 am Saturday, August 20, 65, at Chame United Football Stadium, Suwinthawong Road, Bangkok, has a press conference to sign the contract of 5 players into the Shame United club for the goal to push to create a very much. The future kick of this press conference, Mr. Wichan Minchai Nan, former Deputy Minister of Public Health, president, along with Pol.Col. Phutisabadee, Secretary of the Commission Prevention and suppression of money laundering and drugs (House of Representatives) Parliament, as the chairman of Shame United club, joined the press conference for 5 players who have been signed to the Cham United club for 5 years, consisting of 1. Christchakorn boy Dhutikit Nopparat (Gun), 2. Boy at Bowon Srisuthep (Im Sun), 3. Siriphop Bunthong (Palm), 4. Worawit Wongchari (Foreak), 5. Siriwit Paka (Baga), all 5 will be a player in the care of Chame United club to create a professional player in the future free of charge. Ready to support the study with the leading Thai short -sleeved institutions in Thailand. Mr. Sidit Phuthasabadi, the president of Shame United club, said about the project, "I myself have today because the word football is called That is caused by football Because football gives the opportunity to work Until being kind from adults to work stable until now. "" When we were born from football In addition, my son, 'Ball', Phu Wiphitisabadi, is a former player with many clubs and has been practicing with Leicester City. He wants to create a football field and academy. Which is considered to be answers because our family wants to see Thai players develop into a professional player in the era that the Thai football industry is developing. "" Chame United club therefore thought that We will mold our own players in order to be a quality professional player in the future that will affect the Thai national team as well. The 5 players that we have signed to this club will be transferred to all the science of football support in order to be able to become a professional player to play in the highest league of Thailand or to the top of the foreign league. "" Not just these 5 people In the future, if any good footsteps, we will push and create to be a professional philosophy of Shame United, which I was a former player before. I know what football is what we have to do. Of course, this is a football business that we will mold the players to be worthwhile. Which will benefit our club and the players. If he can become a quality professional player. "As for the teaching team of Shame United and Chame Academy Moon Tri Phakdi, Sittichok Phirangparapara, Manoj Garage, Phudit Thiwutkorn, Mr. Solomon, Phu Wiphasabadi, Adisorn Puangchong, Muang Mumphon , Chalermsak Rich Krabue, Eternal Pongpunsuksri, currently, Cham United Football Club, which has their own academy, football and fields on an area of ​​4 rai and preparing to build 11 football stadiums in an area of ​​14 rai. That has opened football to the youth in the area of ​​Min Buri and nearby areas without any expenses in any way, and in the future there are plans to send a team to compete in the Thai league. To develop to the professional team as well. As for the club president, Kasidit Phuthasabadi is a former player of Pathum Kongka School, Rattanachiyapan players, former Bangkok TU players (cups Royal B.) and former 16 -year -old Thai national team
Look through the weakness!"Walter" asks for a knocked "Super Small", One Muay Thai World Grand Prix.|"Walter Gon Salwess", a 24 -year -old Samba Boxing, aiming at the Thai competitors "Super Lek Kiat Moo 9" to win the competition in the Thai boxing priest, World Grande Prix, the Flyweight model that will take place in the One Fight Night 1: Adriano VS Dimitria. II, which will be broadcast live in the American prime time Which corresponds to the morning at 7:00 am on Saturday 27 August. The Brazilian flea boxer has performed excellent work in the first round of the competition in May. By the rival "Joshua Kru" falls to the pile of not relying on the judges in just 35 seconds after the first bell So floated in to meet the super -super -walm. As the 5th challenger of the One -Thai boxing force, Flyweight knows that he is in a boxing status when confronted with the number 1 challenger of the Question and is one of the favorites of the competition. But even then The person was not worried and confident that he was able to capture the weaknesses to play Thai boxing. "I know that Super Small is a favorite because he is the world champion of Muay Thai and has more experience in one than me, but I don't feel less. I don't think of being a secondary boxing. But what I think is Everyone in the World Grand Prix is ​​a favorite who has the opportunity to grab the money belt as well. "" But his weakness is He still doesn't integrate the fight with kicks. And I think his chin is another weakness that I can use. Because no one has been hit by me, punching the chin and survived safely I will close the game by knocking in this fight. "Sports fans can watch the live broadcast of One Fight Night 1: Adriano VS Dimitrey II on Saturday 27 August. . 65 เริ่มคู่แรกเวลา 07:00 น. ผ่านทาง watch.onefc.com ในระบบ PPV (จ่ายเงินเพื่อรับชม), AIS Play (เฉพาะลูกค้า AIS) เริ่มคู่แรกเวลา 07:00 น. และทางไทยรัฐทีวี ช่อง 32 Watch back at 10:30 p.m.
"Supachok" reserve 15 minutes!Consadole Sapporo, watching the nest, defeat Sakansu 1-2|The 2022 Japanese Condo Sadole Sapporo Football Competition No. 11 opened the Sapporo Dome Stadium. The visit of Sakant Su, the 9th team of the table. Today, the home team uses 3-4-2- 1 Tsuyoshi Onachiwa, Gabriel Saviar and Shinzo Koraki is the three coordinating in the front of Supachok Sanchart, waiting for the opportunity on the bench. The visiting team came in 3-3-2-2, Kosumi and Akito Fukuta created the game Fushi Honda, matching Taize Miyachiro, the competition. Was the attacker to overcome 2-1 narrowly, got a goal from Hwang Suk-Ho, 64 minutes and 70 minutes, while Consadole Sapporo was leading up from Shinzo Koraki, the 21st minute. Supachoke Sarachart was given the opportunity to enter the field instead of Lucas Fernandest in the 75th minute. From this victory, Sakant Sume has increased to 36 points from 25 matches in Consadole Sapporo. 28 as before from 26 matches
Aero Hostes!Open the warp "Georgina" that the wife "Rams Del", the artillery (picture)|The Sun Media of England Presenting the love story of Arsenal's goalkel Aron Most recently, both of them have planned to join the dormitory. In the week before, Rams Dell kneeling in front of Georgina with a ring prepared. In the midst of a large letter "Marry Me?" (Are you married?) Is in a room of a hotel that is elegantly decorated. Full of flowers, balloons and pictures of both reports stating that Rams Del and Georgina met in 2019, while the man was still with Bournemouth but was allowed to borrow AFC Wimble. Body to use The woman has a career as a British airline receptionist. 26 -year -old Airways for Georgina has more than 13,600 Instagram followers. Aside from being an angel on the plane She also has her own business as a co -owner and a model of exercise brands called Gymnetix. The highlight of the Gymnetix brand is produced from sustainable materials. Does not destroy the environment As well as being a supporter of the Mind of England's mental health charities. Rams Del, 24 -year -old British Degree, taking the agency to start the Premier League 2022/23 by winning 2 matches in a row and a queue. Enter the field to help Arsenal visit Bournemouth, the new team on Saturday 20 August.
From a handsome fist!The first post of "Kota" after losing "Buakhao" without fighting (picture)|Gleaning the special boxing that has received the world of interests between Buakhao Bancha Mek and Katmura in the Kat Presents Legend of Rajadamnern: Kickboxing Exhibition at Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium. On the evening of Friday, August 19, as you know This fighter, the 40 -year -old Muay Thai is the side of the mosquito. A 20 -year -old Japanese MMA fighter with a rule of boxing Close the game without all After the judges on the competition at the end of the 3rd round, for the safety of Kota, who could not handle the storm from Buakhao. The young fighter has posted a picture of the atmosphere with a long caption on Instagram. kota_miura_official In Japanese Which can be translated into Thai that .. "Thank you for all the encouragement yesterday. Thank you very much for GSV for inviting me to fight in this fight, including Buakhao, who was in the arena with me. Buakhao is very kind, very strong, and I respect him very much." " It is very pleased to have the opportunity to punch with a legendary boxer like Buakhao, a very good experience. Which I will use this unbelievable experience on my career path to my MMA's best. "Kotamura has returned to Japan since late by Buakhao Bancha Mek. Traveled to send a punch pair of children and posted via the Banchamek Gym (Buakaw Banchamek page, Buakhao Bancha Mek), "Leave to all girls. Don't worry today. Sent to Japan The girls forgive elder Bua 100%. "
"Chanathip" plays half!Kawasaki Frontale attacked Avispa Fukuoka 4-1.|The J.League Japanese Football Competition 2022 Avispa Fukuoka No. 13 of the Best Denki Stadium opening table received the visit of Kawasaki Frontle, an old champion that held in the 6th place in Now, the home team uses 3-4-2-1 Plan, Douglal ​​Lee, controls the support of Hizshi Jojiko, Lucian and Yuyaya Mangishi as three in the offensive line. The visiting team came in the 4-3-3 Chanathip Songkrasin system, created the game Marzinho, Akihiro, INAga and Leona Damierla, the competition. Saki Frontale is the attacker to overcome 4-1, get a goal from Marzinho to make a hat-trick for the 8th, 45, 64 and Akihiro, I-anaka, killing the penalty 72. As for Avispa Fukuoka, he returned from Yuyaya Mangishi, the 22nd minute. In this game, Chanathip Songkrasin was changed during a half time to come down to play instead and the team. The host left 10 players in the 70th minute. When Douglas Golli was directly fired from the field from the victory, this match made Kawasaki Frontle increased to 43 points from 23 matches behind Yokoha. Come to F. Marinos 5 points and less than 1 match. Avispa Fukuoka has 27 points from 25 matches.
Better than this!"Teerasilp" hoping to create a surprise to cut the playoff ACL 2022|"Mui" Thirasilp Daengda, 34-year-old BG Pathum United's striker revealed that the game at the "The Rabbit" beat Kit Qi SC 4-0 in 16 AFC. Champions League 2022 is not the best form of the team. Ready to hope for all teammates to show in the game with Urawa Red to create a surprise through the semi -finalists. These Sin, who scored 1 goal in the game with Kit Qi and led the army. Rabbit "has passed the 8 teams in the AFC Champions League for the first time in the club, revealing that "First of all, I was happy that the team successfully passed into the next round. And was happy that I was able to score a goal in the past game. "" Before the game with Kit Qi, we have done hard homework since the pre -season. We have learned the tactics and how to play the coach. We have more time to prepare the team in the group stages, making the players understand the playing system very well. And yesterday's game, everyone shows how potential we have. But I think this is not the best form of the team. And I believe that everyone will do better in the next game. "In addition, Teerasil also discusses the game in 8 teams that will meet Urawa Red Diamonds from Japan," The game in the round 8 teams that we will meet Urawa Red Diamonds from Japan They are considered one of the big teams in the J.League. There are many famous players. "" Of course, in 8 teams, no team is easy. Especially in meeting with Urawa, where they can play in the house in front of football fans And will be a heavy opponent for us Which we ourselves have to work hard, try to do homework and study the best competitors. "" Personally, I am still deeply confident that When he arrived this round Anything can happen And hope to create a surprise in this game Would like to leave to all BG fans and Thai football fans that Thank you for encouraging us in the past. And ask for encouragement from everyone again in the next round I and all my teammates will do my best for all football fans and Thailand. Thank you. "For the AFC Champions League 2022, the last 8 teams between Urawa Red. Diamons from Japan meet BG Pathum United from Thailand will enter the field on Monday 22 August 2022 at Saitama Stadium at 18:00 hrs. (Thai time).
One tablet knows about!True Bangkok United invaded Nong Bua Pichay FC 1-0|The Revo Thai League 2022/23, Saturday, August 20 at 18:00 hrs. True Bangkok United has a program to visit Nong Bua Pichay FC at Pitchay Stadium and is a play. The first away game of this season of the gods of this game, Orrie Lio Vid, Margar, the coach of the original 11 players from the opening game, defeating Khon Kaen United, led by Everton Golden, Thitiphan. Attach Monday and Herbaries Fernandes, the first home game, lost to Lampang FC 0-1. This match is led by Barros Tardelly and George Felipe. Start the game 3. Minutes from the corner kicks, Herbaries Fernandes, Pie a short ball to the decade Limwan Sathien Catching one ball before shooting far with the right ball at Kittikhun Jamsuwan. This game has a heavy rain. But became the gods that attacked 1-0 in the 32nd minute from the rhythm of the left in the penalty area of ​​Herbear Fernan, 35, Mahd Ed, had the opportunity to ride. With left outside the penalty area The ball fell out of the pole, 39th minute. Get the ball in front of the penalty area before shattered with the right right. Kittikhun Jamsuwan also fell to the first half of the first half of the True Bangkok United to bring the host of Nong Bua Phichan FC 1-0 from Hebe's goal. Di Fernandes, the home team had the opportunity to win the rival in the 60th minute. The opportunity to shoot the feet with the left outside the penalty area. The first pillar of the 80th minute, the host almost got a rival goal, Barros Tardelly had the opportunity to charge the front door of the ball. Before breaking up with the right, Michael Falcard uses a saving leg for 90 minutes. Michael Fal Case can receive the ball before being hit by the Nong Bua player into the door. The foul rhythm of the True Bangkok United competition invaded Nong Bua Pichay FC 1-0, 2 matches in a row, collecting 6 full points, the players on both teams on the field of Nong Bua Phichan F. C: Kittikhun Jamsuwan (GK), Rakphong Chu Mueang (Peeranan Bua Klung, 76), Visang Charoentham, SEA GED Poo Tae, Leon Pitchay James, Leesan Thiamraj (Abhisit Saen Color Roll N. 90), Islam Batran (Jonathan Hes, 56), Sathaporn Daeng Si, Barros Tardelly, George Felipe, Jiraphan Phasukkhan (Chatree Rattana Wong Nor. 76) True Bangkok United: Michael Fal Case (GK), Peeraphat Note Chaiya, Everton Goncalwes (C), Manuel Tom Bee Yorah, Herbaries Fernandes (Tassanaphong, Dararak, 72), Thitiphan Por Wong Chan, Tristongdo, Decade Limwan Sathien, Pakklao Anan (Rungrat Phoomchdon 62), Vander Louis, Mahmood Ed (Suphan Thong Song Nor. 87)
"Ken" strikes the tone!Spurs watch the cave slash.Wolves 1-0|The English Premier League football competition 2022/23, the 3rd match, Spurs opened Tottenham Hotspur. Wolves Today Derers, the home team uses 3-4-2-1, Eric Dior, commanding the game, receiving the game Deant Kuluzki, Son Hung-Min and Harry Ken are three coordination. net The visiting team came in the 4-3-3 system. Susannars, the new shin, red sign immediately, controlled the central land immediately, Pedro Neo, Gonzalo Goudes and Daniel Poden. In the offensive line, the competition appears that The military commander of the Golden Spikes chicken was slashed over 1-0 from the corner kicking rhythm. The left side opened. Evan Piryi tackled at the first pole to Harry Kon at the second pole into the door. From this victory, Tottenham Hotspur has increased to 7 points to hold the position of the crowd, while Wolverhampton One Derers has not won anyone with the same score.
Quench the dream white dress!"How" is clear, not selling "Bruno" from the team for sure.|Newcastle United denied the rumors of releasing the important midfielder Bruno Gyima Ryres to Real Madrid and emphasized. The players were the important people of the new team of the Eddie Hawagun, the manager of Salika. Grove Signed a contract to pull the Brazil national team midfielder at the price of 42 million pounds in the market in January. Before becoming a new favorite of the team And will be one of the main players to create a team after taking over the club by Saudi Group from Saudi Arabia while Real Madrid shows his interest in him. After losing the important midfielder Casemiro to Manchester United. "We will never let him leave the team. We are trying to create a team to make the team successful within the next 2-3 years. We want to expand the team to improve, not the best players from the team. "" There are many rumors. I don't have any problems. But it shows how great Bruno has done with our team. He is a great team member. "
6 minutes 3 children!Verder Bremen invaded the Borussia Dortmund 3-2.|The Bundesliga German Football Competition 2022/23, the 3rd match, Borussia Dortmund opened the Signal Idon Park Stadium. Today, the home team uses 4-2-3-1 plans. Antoni Modeste supports the target, Julian Brand, Marco Royce and Jami Binittens. The visiting team comes in the system. 3-5-2 Anthony mosquitoes with Mitchell Wai, dragging the Marvin Dick line, matching Nisai Class Fall, hunting the results of the competition. The seagull army broke out to overtake the end of the 3-2 type of game, cheating, incredibly from 3 substances, like Le Baccanan 89 minutes, 90+3 Nilan Class Chrinder and Oliver Burg 90+ 5, the yellow tiger warlord got a goal from Julian Branan 45+2 and Rafael Gerrero 77 minutes. From this victory, Verder Bremen has increased to 5 points in Borus. Zia Dortmund stumbles up to the first game with 6 points as before.
"Adams" down!Southampton invaded Leicester City 2-1|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 3rd match, Leicester City opens the King Power Stadium. Southampton. Today, the home team uses 4-1-4-1 Jam Wardee, the target of James Maddisan and Harvey Barnes, supporting the visiting team in the 4-2- system. 3-1 Adam Arm Strong, Segu Mara and Joe Aribo led the army in the offensive line. The military commander of the saint is the attack to win 2-1. The goal from the backup, Chae Adam, two, two, 68 and 84, while the blue fox army brought up before James Maddisan, a free kick. Minute 54 from this victory made Southampton The first unlock has increased to 4 points. Leicester City has not won anyone with 1 point.
The team's excess!Arsenal opened the negotiation of Nice to borrow "Pepe".|Arsenal opened a negotiation with Nice Club in Ligue, French in the deals of Nicolaspepe, their expensive wings to join the loan team. Permanent reserve last season And only playing the real game for only 8 games, while in this new season, he has not played for even a second In addition, the person also said that he wanted to consider his own future regarding continuous play opportunities. The report from Di Atlet states that Arsenal is ready to release the Pepe that they bought up to 72. Million pounds and wages about 140,000 pounds per week in the form of borrowing. Because it may give the Brazilian rising star Marquin, who has just moved in this year, which the manager Michang Arteta confirmed that the players will be kept with this team for sure for use. Under the control of Lu Xiang Faf, who moved to get the first season, the first 2 games in Ligue. With the results of both games
"Odd card" Mao Two!Arsenal invaded Bournemouth 3-0, soar up the crowd.|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 3rd match, Bournemouth, the old team that has just been promoted back again, opens the litium. Arsenal today, the home team uses 3-4-2-1 plans, Jefferson, Ben Pieron and Philip Billing, leading the army in the middle of Koffur Moore. The visiting team came in the 4-2-3-1 system. Gabriel Chezuslah, Gabriel Martinellee, Martin Odest and Buka Yo Saka supports the results. The competition appears that The cannon warlord is better. Before attacking, not difficult to win 3-0 from Martin Odest card, the only one of the 5 and 11-year-old player in the 5th minute, ending with William Saliba, 54 minutes. From this victory, Arsenal has increased to 9 points, jumping up to the crowd, while Bournemouth has 3 points as before.
Summary of the 3rd Premier League football match on 20-22 August 2022|The head of the Arsenal table has increased to 9 points, jumping up to the crowd first tonight. The Spurs opened 3 points. There are 7 points in the 4th place. And Leeds opened the house, winning Chelsea 3-0 up to the 3rd in the 3rd match. In the middle of the Bournemouth table, there were 3 points as before. The Everton always opened the house. Collecting each other at the number 17 and 10, respectively, in which Manchester United opened the house, winning Liverpool 2-1, moving up to No. 14, while Liverpool fell No. 16 at the end of the Leicester City table. Ranked 19 and West Ham opened the house, losing 0-2, falling at the end of the table this week, the Premier League score.
Updated the Premier Lee Lee Lee, the 3rd match, 20-22 August 2022.|The Premier League score table, Arsenal table, has increased to 9 points, jumping up to the crowd first tonight. The Spurs opened 3 points. There are 7 points in the 4th side of Man City. 3- 3 is ranked 2nd and the house opened the house to win Chelsea 3-0 up to 3rd in the 3rd match. In the middle of the Bournemouth table, there are 3 points as before. The Everton always opens the house. Arest collected each other at the number 17 and 10, respectively, in which Manchester United, who opened the house, winning Liverpool 2-1, moving up to the 14th, while Liverpool could not find the victory no. 16 at the end of Leicester City table. Open 1-2 houses, resulting in the 19th place and West Ham opened the house, losing 0-2, falling at the end of this week.
The shot is not repeated!Real Madrid formats, attacking Celta 4-1, bringing the league leader.|The Spanish La Liga football match between Celta Big Open the house with "White King" Real Madrid at the Abanaka-Balai Dos On Saturday night, August 20, the game began only 14 minutes. The visiting team came from the rhythm of Renato Tapia to do handball in the area. The referee checked VAR and confirmed the original word before Karim Benzema killed, not missing. Real Madrid brought 1-0 minutes. The 23rd host came to have the same penalty. The arms of Aden Milite in the referee bold immediately and as a medicine. Ba flows the ball for Luka Modric to spin with the right in front of the penalty area. The ball crashed into the pole beautifully. Real Madrid led again 2-1 with the first half. The second half of the 56th minute, the visiting team returned quickly. Luka Modrich pays through the channel, Venicius Junior Speed ​​dropped from the middle of the field before locking out of Oxuzine Marchezin and shooting. -1 minutes. 66, Real Madrid, get an additional 4-1 door, Venicus Junior, take the ball up to the left before paying into the Fede Rico Walwer. Running with the top right. The penalty area rushed into the bottom of the net into the 87th minute. The visiting team came to the penalty again. Azar, the volunteer, but was hit by Oxus Mark, even though Karim Benzema followed. Repeated but still saved. "The White King" Real Madrid invaded Celta Big 4-1, won 2 matches, with 6 points, led the league. 3-2): Outsin Marchezin - Oko Moyo, Joseph ID, Unai Nun Nun, Kalan -Renato Tapia -Franco Shervie, Fran Ran Bell Tran, Oscar Rodriguez -Gonzalo, Piana, Russia, Yako Aspasreal Madrid (4-3-3): Tibot Gurkes - Da Here, Garbakal, Aden Milite, David Alaba, Fair Gloid Mondy -Are Liang Chu Amene, Luka Modric, Edrdar Doa Mawinka - Federio Valvede, Venisius Junior, Karim Benzema
You don't have to reach the hand!"Nong Tum", a former boxing, posted "Kota" like this after the end of the fight (picture)|Smoke lost the World Series (RWS), where the fist fans were very interested after "Dam.com" Buakhao Bancha Mek, a Thai beloved fighter. Can close the game to beat TKO "King Junior" Kotamura, the handsome Japanese star box in the 3rd round by "Nong Tum", Parinya Charoenphon, or the name in the fist industry, the former degree of the former boxer, a transsexual woman who became Famous in our country many years ago Who watched the fight in this fight, posted a message that made the fans And the fist fans are very interested, which 41 -year -old boxer has posted on Facebook: "Next time, Kota meets Nong Tum. You don't have to reach Bua. ! P'Bai is so mean! Come back to Thailand again Will dance the little girl to see. "This event called comments. And laughter from fans There are a lot, whether "Nong Tum has created the color that has been missing for a long time", "Wrestle every round, haha", "Mae Luk", "What is the punch on the stage or punching on? Sister "and" Nong Tum emphasizes the inner circle. "For" Nong Tum ", Degree Charoenphon, currently officially hanging for many years. But her story became mentioned to this day. And was cited as "Queen of Boxing", which she continues to be in the boxing industry Open the Muay Thai training gym, "Nong Tum Muay Thai Gym" in Bang Phli, Samut Prakan Province. If fans are interested in exercising, they can go.
Repeat again!"Usik" Herate "Joshua" is not unanimous, protecting the 4 world champions.|World Boxing Competition Hevviweight model 4 world champions between Olexander Usig, the world champion and Anthony Joshua, a British challenger at King Abdullah Sporty, Chet Da, Saudi Arabia. On Sunday morning, August 21, for this pair, had met in September last year in London, England, which 35 -year -old Ukraine fist can beat the score in a unanimous. Snatched the 4 World Championship (WBA, IBF, WBO and IBO) from Anthony Joshua successfully dominated the fighting game in this fight, exchanging punch, boiling as the way Anthony Joshua, a challenger. British win Who tried to open the game, open a heavy punch, but the Ukrainian world champions have solved the game well Dodge and then release a punch, collect points, collect points, will report more than 12 rounds, including the directors before raising their hands. Olezander Usik is the one who can overcome the score, not unanimous. 115-113, 116-112 and 113-115 to protect the 4 world champions. Ready to win a record of 20 fights (winning 13 times). Anthony Joshua lost for the 3rd time on the professional arena.
Thai vs Japanese: Women's Volleyball AVC Cup 2022, Statistics, Live broadcast|AVC Cup Women Volleyball Competition 2022 (AVC Cup 2022) or 2022 Asian Cup Women's Volleyball in Pasik Philippines Accepting the face of the mat as the host Between 21-29 August, in the first round, they will compete in all ways. Thai national women's volleyball team Caught in the Group B together with Japan, Taiwan and Australia, with every match in the Philippines Arena, Pasik, "Thai girl slapping army", the 14th team in the world In the Nations League battle Excellent Will enter the first game in this tournament, meet The Japanese national team, the 7th team in the world, the former champion of this year. 2018, in which all the works in the past "Thai female rubber ball" must say that there are very inferior statistics. Meet 18 times, losing 13 times and winning only 5 times, plus the last 5 meets to lose to 4 times. The last 5 times: Thailand won 1, Japan won 417 June 2022: Japan won Thai 3-0 set (Nation League) 25 May 2021: Japan won Thai 3-0 set (Nation League) 23 August 2020: Japan won Thai 3-1 set (Asian Championship) 13 June 2019: Japan won Thai 3-0 set (Nation League) 17 September 2018: Thailand won Japan 3-1 set (AVC Cup) For the Thai national women's volleyball There is a program on the field to meet Japanese national team On Sunday, August 21, 2022 at 15.00 hrs. Fans can watch live broadcast on One31 and PPTV 36 in the online system.
This is a reason!"Nevin", Buriram, did not let the children under 19 years enter the national team camp.|Became an issue in the Thai football industry immediately when Nevin Chidchob, President of Buriram United, the giant of the Thai League Announced that the youth players of the team under the age of 19 to the Thai national team anymore. In the launch of the Buriram United and Buriram United esports club at the Buriram United Club Training Camp Khao Kradong, Buriram province, on 20 August, Mr. Yai Prasat Lightning Revealed about the potential of the development of youth footballers from Buriram United Academy that can replace Big players in the future At the same time, at the end mentioned the problem of sending youth to the national team that "There has been a notification to the President of the Football Association of Thailand that After this, Buriram United will not send players under the age of 19 to join the Thai national team again. Because in the past Our team has released these youth players to join the national team. When coming back to Camp Buriram Found an electric cigarette Found bad things Back and lack discipline. "" Even when we were with us, good discipline. But when going to the national team Meet many friends That comes from many clubs, many schools, discipline So I punished not to practice football for friends to practice for 3 weeks to remind. "
Japanese comments!Fan Ng "Buakhao", a former K-1 champion with a 40-year-old physical condition|Became a boxing partner that Japanese people are very interested in "Dam.com" Buakhao Bancha Mek, Thai beloved fighter That can beat TKO Kotimura, the handsome Japanese rising star in the Rajdamnoen World Series (RWS) on Friday, August 19, by what the fist fans of raw fish do not believe in their eyes. Is the physical condition of the Thai boxing that, despite the age of 40, but the style of weapons And the speed is not falling This event made the fans of the referred to comment on the Yahoo News website a lot. Comments 1 Kota can not do anything, Bua Khao, and if evaluated from this type of show, if the fighter Thai people are serious from the beginning. The fight will end only a few seconds. This is a good thing, isn't it? It seems that Kota will use all the strength, but Buakhao is released so that he can do anything. Before finally ending with the difference in the differences in the comments 2, Buakhao is very good! He showed 3 lifting and when he closed the game, he just caused the referee to end the fight. He is truly a professional. He almost never released a violent punch. What I was surprised is why Kotamura is popular in Thailand. But it is a good thing While he was punched His fans screamed. Comments 3, Buakhao, 40 years old, but he still has flexibility. And take good care of the body Even if it's just a fight But should limit weight, they look very different However, the popularity of Miura is very remarkable, hoping that he will continuously develop his career. And succeeded after returning from Thailand. Comments 4, when Buakhao was a K-1 champion, he was very strong. It seems like he is God in the world of fighting. I have a memory about it. He is perfect, both speed and powerful. It's a long time that Japanese people do not see him on the arena. Thank you Buakhao for still fighting. Comments 5, Buakhao seems to be not serious about 1-2 fights, but I think Kota is doing well with this type of fight. In the end, wearing a punch with the legendary level is always excellent. Comments 6 Buakhao is the legend! I think he is one of the Thai boxers that everyone wants to fight. Therefore, it is a very good experience and hope that Kota will be able to learn from this fight. Comments 7, Buakhao controls the game from the beginning. I felt that he wrote the script that the fight would end in the 3rd round. It is a fight. If Buakhao seriously, the game has ended since the first round and comments that 8 Even if it's just a fight But must not forget that the location is Ratchadamnoen, plus the opponent is Buakhao is a translation about why Kotamiura, who has just received a proposal. It may be because he is well -known to the ASEAN people. However, the ability on stage is clearly different. Comments 9 Buakhao are the tent in the fighting industry. This fight is like he taught martial arts to Miura. He is a professional fighter who is always serious about fighting. And know how to make fans enjoy it with it. I think it is a great learning experience for Miura. Comments 10 I think Buakhao is a real professional, he is adult. He fought without destroying the face of the fight. Due to very different abilities It will be a good experience for Kotamura comment. 11 is like Tenshin's fight with Floyd Mayweather that can attract Boxing fans. Use the strength of Muay Thai to work with Kotamiura, which is popular among Thai girls. Comments 12, Kota has no way to fight with Buakhao, of course, if not a fight. He is probably too messy. I think it is like a blessing from the heavens that allow him to work with the legend of Muay Thai comments 13, Buakhao is a iron man. It's not the movement of people aged 40 years. He fought comfortably. Before using the knees floating many times Including the outfit quickly. Comments 14 under the limitation that "Buakhao will not beat Knock", but in the end, he pressured the judges until the fight ended with TKO (losing) to admire. Buakhao is very successful. He really succeeded on stage. Comments 15, Buakhao is still in the fighting industry. It is unbelievable that he is 40 years old. His training must say that it is like a human comment 16. If Buakhao is serious, I think Kota shouldn't stand in a minute. Feeling like he tried to stay in 3, raising comments 17, opening the first round, Buakhao seems to not be weapons, then raised 2 more attacks. In the end, it was clear that it was too fast to fight with a legendary man. However, at the age of 40, Buakhao is still very strong. Comments 18 must thank Buakhao for giving a precious lesson to Miura in the fighting industry. It is not Floyd that punchs for money with Tenchin in the fight. Like that, comment 19, Buakhao, aged 40 and it's unbelievable! How many Japanese people can overcome him? I was surprised that Kota was very popular. Why is he not in Thailand to practice at all? Comments 20 is a 40 -year -old age. For Buakhao, I don't feel that he will have problems with physical conditions. I still believe that he can also join the K-1, RISE and RIZIN.
Can't resist!"Thai girl volleyball" defeated Japan opens the head of the AVC Cup 2022.|2022 AVC Cup Women's Volleyball Competition in the Philippines Arena, Pasik, Philippines "Thai national women's volleyball team" starts the field The 7th Japanese national team in the world, the former champion of this year 2018 on Sunday, August 21, 2022, this game "Urgent Coach" Danai Srivashimathakul Send the first set of players, consisting of Pornphan Kerdprap, Thanatcha Suk Sod, Handbathsuk, Pimphichaya Kam, Sasipaporn Chantawit, Watchariya Nuancham and Piyanuch Pae Noi. The first berset The game image in the tree is always close. 5-5, then a Japanese girl whose game is tight, tearing 10-7 before keeping the score away from the score to 17-13, as well as closing the game first on the first set. 25-18 Sets of two Japanese girls Came out to score 6-1. However, the Thai girl team tried to score 9-12, but the defensive game of the competitors is very sticky. Causing to tear away 21-16 before winning another 25-19 up. Bring 2-0. The three sets of Japanese girls are still superior to scoring 6-3, but Thai girls do not want to easily chase after 11-11. After that, the game came back again, even 18-18. However, at the end of Japan, it was better to overcome 25-22 to win 3-0. The Thai national team has a program to enter the match. Next, meet Australian national team On Monday, August 22, 2022 at 15.00 hrs. (Convey on Channel One31 and PPTV 36 online)
This event is so sweet!"Murillo", the shooting star Chon Buri replied "actress" after the launch (picture)|Having said that, it is a foreign football that has been traveling in our home for a long time for Dennis Murillo, a Brazilian shooting star who is currently moving to the "Shark Chon", Chonburi FC, a famous club of the Thai League. After creating a buzz in the sport industry And the entertainment industry. When "Susie", Surasira is tight, the actress and model have announced that he was in a relationship with Samba, 30 years old through the online world that "I would like to launch official examples. Life is beautiful, even having to go through the mountains through many storms, every experience. Like the spokes, thanks to all the things Thank God Thank you for the love from you. "The latest Dennis Murillo, the hilarious front center, has posted a romantic response" THX for You Love Mami ❤️ Let's write our story together. " # # Love this event is called sweet. For Dennis Murillo is a high experience in the Thai league, by moving from the Saudi club in our homeland league to trade in our home and Chiang Rai United in 2016 from That is a stray to play with many clubs, including super power, Samut Prakan, PTT Rayong, Nong Bua Phicha, Nakhon Ratchasima, Mazda before joining the Chonburi FC army last year. Thai-English actress Entering the entertainment industry at the age of just 13 years. The first drama is the story. Love media Before becoming known throughout the country from the role Thao Thong Kip Ma or Mali in the drama "Bubsaniwat" For those who want to get to know her more, you can follow at IG: Susiroo.
It's all stunned!"Gary" revealed that this person came to control Manchester United, weaving the legendary "Sir Alex"|Gary Neville Guru of Sky Sport said that he had hoped to see Manchester United, the 13 -time Premier League champion, appointed Jurgen Klopp as a new manager after the laying of Sir's hand. Alex Ferguson, according to the report from Liverpool Ekko, revealed that after he had left the position in 2013, the Red Devils team contacted the German master to approached the chair to the next manager. But referred to by reasoning that he wanted to focus on doing the work at Borussia Dortmund before getting David Mooys to act as a new manager instead. However, Klopp Moved to work in the Premier League by being responsible for the Liverpool manager in October 2015 before leading the team to the greatness. In contrast to the rival, United, who has used the 8 team managers in the last 9 years, which Neville has remembered the latter via YouTube. "I can't go back in time. But would like to see them appoint Jurgen Klopp as our team manager He was supported by a great team in Liverpool and got a player who wanted. "" While United's previous manager experienced the problem, Klopp is a outstanding manager. Of course, it made you hoped to see us appoint him as the new manager of the team, "Neville said.
Win tired!Muang Thong Ang, Opening the house, chasing 10 Lampang, 2-2 Thai league battle|The Thai League football match between "Kilin Pho", Muang Thong United, opened the house with the "Emerald Car" Lampang FC at Thunder Dome Stadium on Sunday night, August 21, 2022, starting the game for 13 minutes, becoming Lampang. FC came to the goal 1-0 from the rhythm of the Nin Theerawat Sri ball on the left before dragging in and pressed with the right net. At the end of the game, the 45th minute game came to have a corner of the right side. Wirathep Pom Phan decided to rush the ball incredible into the goal, causing Muang Thong as a rival 1-1 before the first half of the injury. The visiting team had to come to 10 people. When Andreyhinho played outside the game, hit the head and strike at Sardmer Sauvy. The referee checked VAR with a red card fired from the field immediately to play in the second half. At 64, the visiting team came to get a free kick on the left side. Pan Siri Sukuni opened to the penalty area for Wuttichai Mara to run to Kong Tung, Lampang Network FC. Leading 1-0. 80 Wattanakorn Sawat, the drama opened a prominent ball into the penalty area of ​​Adisak Kraisorn, the backup, sinking the Muang Thong United net, as a rival 2-2, the rest of the time. There was no more goals. The remaining 10 C 2-2 collected the first point of the season, the list of players of both teams, Muang Thong United: Somporn Yot, Yesper Nee Holm, Suporn Pippa, Catapo, Ek Nit Panya, Hehe. Naryeier, Sardmer Sauzev, Hong Sung-Wook, Weerathep Pomphan, Eric Johana, Wattanakorn Sawat, Picha Utra Lampang FC: Jiranpong Thammasha, Natthayot Phon, great, Brinner Henrike, Sila Hiranrat Bodhon, Nin Theerawat Sri, Kantaphon Sompithanurak, Andre Khu Tinho, Wichit Thani, Wuttis Maram, Day Veson Olivia, Weerayut Srivichai
Strong strength!Leeds is still furious. Open the house. Chelsea 3-0 bombarding the league's secondary.|The English Premier League football match between "Yung Thong" Leeds United opened the house with "Sing Blues" Chelsea at Elland Road on Sunday 21 August 2022, opening the game less than a minute. " Lion Blues "almost got a goal immediately, Rahim Sterling, receiving the ball before dragging, cut into the penalty area and spin with the right, the ball rushed out a little. Raheem Sterling Speed ​​into the penalty area before spinning with the right ball jumped into the pole. But the referee did not give because it was a advanced rhythm. Then the 22nd minute "Sing Blue" was anticipated again from the shot in front of Mason Mount, but Elon Melier was still swept. The tip of the hand was pushed in. The 33th minute became the Leeds United, who came to the goal 1-0 from the rhythm of Edr Mendy. Dipped in the legs and shot in the open. The 37th minute, the host came to get a free kick on the left side of Jack Harrison, opened the penalty area first, Rodrigo, Rotono, rushed and stabbed into the net into Lead. The United brought 2-0 with the first half with this score. Come back to play in the second half of the 65th minute. The visiting team has hoped to hit the eggs. Rez James fills the game to the left before pressing the ball. The Melier rushed off the back of the hand. The 69th minute, the host returned, Daniel James took the ball up to the left before opening the Rodrigo penalty. Jumping, shooting with the left, Tung Tung, Leeds United, led 3-0 minutes. The 84th situation of the visiting team was worse when Calidu Culibli intends to stop the game by pulling Jolode Hart. Cut The second yellow card is a red card. Must leave the field. During the rest of the time, there is no more goal. The game United opened the home to bombard Chelsea 3-0. Keep three important points. As well as subjected to the first match for "Sing Blue", the list of players of both teams, Leeds United (4-2-3-1): Illon Melier-Ramus. Cristeensen, Robin Kosch, Diego Ye Rente, Pasaka Streage -Mark, Akel, Adams - Daniel James, Brenda Aronon, Jack Harrison-Rodrigo Roso Chelsea (3-4-2-1): Edr Mendy-Rez James, Tiico Silva, Kha Lidu Kulibali - Mark Gukuranya, Corner Gallager, Georginho, Jurin Lofatas -Sheik -Mason Mount, Rahim Sterling -Kai Harwarez Referee: Stewart Attwell
Manchester City Shocked!Chase after the Newcastle, the most boiling 3-3, holding a group of Premier League.|Manchester City stumbled upon the 3-3 fun Newcastle, divided into 1 team in the Premier League. England, the English Premier League football game, the 2022/23 season at St. James Park between Newcastle's visit to the old Champion, Manchester City Newcastle led by Kare. Triple, Bruno Kimairach, Cholin, episode, Callum Wilson, Al-Saint-Maksaman Put onto the field as the Manchester City, sending the style like Phil Foen, Erling Halnd, Bernardo Silva and Kevin de Bruyne to hunt down the net in this game. It appears that the Manchester City, who has fought 3-3 fun, Newcastle, with Manchester City getting a goal from Ilkai Gundoe in the 5th minute, Erling Halnd in a minute. At 60, Bernardo Silva in the 64th minute. Newcastle got a goal from Miguel Almiron in the 28th minute, Calum Wilson in the 38th minute and a beautiful free kick. Of Kiran Tripei in the 54th minute, resulting in this game divided by 1 team per team
Barcelona form!Attack 4-1|The 2nd Spanish La Liga Football Battle at Real Sociad, Real Society, Barcelona Real Society, David Silba, Silba, Alexander Leezak, Takek Fu Sakubo and Martin Subimedess into the field, while Barcelona sent Pablo Gabi, Usan Dambele, Robert. Levandovski, Ferran Dorres into the attacking line The results showed that Barcelona, ​​who was attacking to win 4-1, with the first half of Barcelona, ​​Real Society 1-1 with Robir. Levandovski in the 1st minute, Sociad from Alexander Ezac in the 6th minute before the second half of Barcelona added 3 goals from Usan Dambele. In the 66th minute, Robert Lewandovski in the 68th minute and Ansu Fatti in the 79th minute cause Barcelona to win the first match of the Spanish La Liga Football season 2022-23. Number 5 in the table
AC Milan chase rival, Astragasak, 1-1, Serie A Italian Serie A Battle|AC Milan got Isma El Bennazer, playing the role of the hero to beat the 68-minute championship team to divide the points from Atalanta 1-1 in the Italian Serie A Football Football match. Serie A Italian, Italian match 2, Sunday night, August 21, between the "Red Devils" AC Milan, found Atalanta, the team of Stefano, Pioli in the episode. This is considered perfect. There is no pain.-Ban Dor Toni has returned to start the central. Instead of Radi Khru Nich, the attacking game Ate Robic has also given the opportunity to stand as the target. Before Olivier Shiroud and D-Wock Oricy, the results showed that Rusan Malin Ski pressed the home team before 1-0 in the 29th minute, while Milan accelerated. In the second half And as a 1-1 rival from Isma El Bennazer in the 68th minute. From the draw, this match makes "Demon Reller Black" with 4 points from 2 matches in 3, while Atalanta has 4 times 4th place
8 seconds !!!"MBPAP" has a record of the fastest shooting, bringing PSG to attack the Lille 7-1 Ligue.|French Ligue Football Battle on August 21, 2022, between the unbeatable Lilles, opened Stad Pierre Morua to handle the old championship and the Paris Saint Gerkkot. Started the game for just one minute. PSG was the attack to bring the host of Lille 1-0 from Messi's football stroke for MPPPP. Supernatural became the fastest goal statistics in the history of the highest league. When swept another 2 goals in the 66th and 87 minutes, while the other goals "PSG" fired from Lionel Messi for the 28th minute, Ashraki has 39 minutes and Neyma. Two goals in the 43rd minute, 52 from the victory in this game, causing the old Paris Saint Germain champion to win 3 matches in a row, with 9 full points, shot 17 goals, losing 3 goals, seizing the position of the group of the group tightly while Which Lille played 3 matches, winning and losing 1 match, with 4 points, ranked 12th
Bayern is brutal!Invade the Yum Yai Bo Khum 7-0 to bring the Bundesliga.|The German Bundesliga Football Championship Games 2022/23 at Vomavia Stadium Ruh Tiyon, between the 17th plum, received 2 visitors of Bayern Munich at Xiuchai, attached to the bite, led by Antoni Losilla, K. Winstotoger, Philip Forster, Philippe Hofmine, Simon Saller, Bayern Munich sent Kingley Go Man, Yo Chua Kimmich, Marce Sabitzer, Lee Roy Sane, Thomas Muller, Sadio Mane on the field. Came to attack the Big Bhum 7-0, with the goal from Lee Roy Sane in the 4th minute, Mathais De Lick, the 25th minute, Kingley Go, 33 minutes, Sadio Mane. At 42, the penalty of the 60th, Christian Gam Bua made his own goal in the 69th minute and Zorz Nabry in the 76th minute, resulting in Bayern Munich to win the three -game victory. A single dominant score in the Bundesliga battle
"Teerasilp" hopes to create a surprise game around the 8th round of the AFC Champions League.|"Mui" Thirasil Daeng Da, 34-year-old striker of the BG Pathum United club, revealed that the game at the "The Rabbit" beat Kit Qi SC 4-0 in 16 AF team. CC Champions League 2022 is not the best form of the team. Ready to hope for all teammates to show in the game with Urawa Red to create a surprise through the semi -finalists. These Sin, who scored 1 goal in the game with Kit Qi and led the army. Rabbit "passed the finalists of 8 teams in the AFC. Champions League For the first time, the club revealed that "First, I was happy that the team successfully passed into the next round. And was happy that I was able to score a goal in the previous game before the game with Kit Qi. We have done hard homework since the pre -season. We have learned the tactics and how to play the coach. We have more time to prepare the team in the group stages, making the players understand the playing system very well. And yesterday's game, everyone shows how potential we have. But I think this is not the best form of the team, and I believe everyone will do better in the next game. "In addition, Thirasilp also mentioned the game in 8 teams that will meet Urawa Red. Diamons, the top team from Japan, "The game in 8 teams that we will meet with Urawa Red Diamonds from Japan. They are considered one of the big teams in the J.League. There are many famous players. Of course, in 8 teams, no team is easy. Especially in meeting with Urawa, where they can play in the house in front of football fans And will be a heavy opponent for us Which we ourselves have to work hard, try to do homework and study the best competitors. "" Personally, I am still deeply confident that when this time comes, anything can happen and hope to make a surprise in this game. Would like to leave to all BG fans and Thai football fans that thank you for the strength for us in the past And ask for encouragement from everyone again in the next round I and all my teammates will do my best for all football fans and Thailand. Thank you. "For the AFC competition Champions League 2022 round 8, the final team between Urawa Red Diamonds from Japan. Meet BG Pathum United from Thailand will enter the field on Monday 22 August 2022 at Saitama Stadium at 6:00 pm. (According to Thailand) live via Eleven Sports
Drink at all points!Gleaning 4 issues after the Chelsea game invaded the Pachalese 0-3|English Premier League football 2022/23 Competition: Sunday, August 21, 2022 Leeds United 3-0 Chelsea: Elland Rodlele, this game has to give to Jesse Marsh's coach of Yung. Gold planned excellent Chase quickly from the front of the door. Which aside from making the game rhythm fast and exciting Also makes the visiting team very difficult to set the game from their own land Of course, when he was pressured heavily, he had a mistake until Leeds was taken quickly from the first half. But they continued to chase before, before adding the door from the set of the play and ended the first 45 minutes with two leading goals. After that, even though the home team installments But still focusing on the central game pack Let the visitors dominate the ball and wait for the opportunity to use the speed of the back to successfully, plus the 3rd goal, which has almost closed the game since then. Can say that aside from putting the betel nut well Can also control the game to be in accordance with the plan without flakes, winning 3 points beautifully and appropriate to be a winner without a doubt. Important in this game of Chelsea from trying to open the game to exchange fun at the beginning of the game, but Edrd Ared Mendy managed to give luck to the locked skills, even though they knew better than himself. There is a weakness in the use of feet. But could not deceive until being stolen by Brenden Aron That makes them need to accelerate the game, which is even more entrance to Leeds, because the more rushed to be squeezed heavily, the more mistakes that many players played their form. One of them is Calidu Kuli Li, whose offensive lines are slashed, frequented by the game until the head cut off the foul several times. And finally, in the last 10 minutes, grabbed the foul and knew that he was already yellow. Became a red card fired from the field and immediately banned. 1 lesson is a lesson from the play. Brendden Aaronson, Edouard Mendy Harrison Rodrigo, Deadwood Combo, Leeds this season. Who would think that the Division is not Distinctive after moving for two years before coming to explod the form of this team, which Rodrigo has proven that he can be the hope for the team from 4 goals and 1. The assist was already the highest shooting star of the league. Which can feel clear about the development that makes the form look complete, with the speed of finding the area well, plus the ball in the air is still decisive Prachuap is suitable for the partner that last year was carrying the team alongside Rafinya, who moved out, like Jack Harrison, who seemed to coordinate each other very well with Rodie and already done. 1 door and 3 assists in this season Lead the team to the head of the table successfully with the 7 points from 3 games that have already shot a total of 7 goals together. Rodrigo Moreno, Kalidou Koulibly. Chelsea attacking game has a problem, even if changing the spearhead. Used to have Timo Verner and Romelu Lukaku, which both moved out and immediately fired with the new agency, but the blue lion Still blind as usual, even if Sterling has been replaced, which throughout the past 3 goals they made from pure defenders Pali) and another midfielder (Georgin/penalty), including this game, reinforcing again that the offensive line is not decisive enough Although it can create opportunities many times, but when the end is not equal, it is only waiting. But to blame the players alone, it would seem too black because the way and the play plan didn't seem to allow the striker to end as much as they often had to retreat to create the game mostly. I don't know how to solve this problem, but for sure, the football market has not shut down. If there was another spear -spear, it would be something that would be happy for Chelsea fans. Robin Koch, Raheem Sterling, Tyler Adams.
"Somkiat" twisted!Grabbed the second number 2 Australian Grand Prix|The Moto GP World Championship, Moto GP 2022, 13 Australian Grande Prix at the Red Bull Ring Stadium, Spelberg. Austria On Sunday 21 August It is a competition in the Moto Tu final. It appears that "Kong" Somkiat Chantra, a Thai rider number 35 from the Asian Ideasu Honda, the Asian team has done a great job out from Grid. The 5th place was ranked second, after the Japanese teammate, the owner of the poll, the position, and the screwing closely before Okura first at the finish line with 39 minutes 30.070. Second, while the honor was 0.173 seconds and the 3rd place, belonging to the United Kingdom's Jake Dick Dickson from the Aspar gas team from the work, making "King Kong Kong" up. The 4th time, this season, collecting 92 points in the 9th race table, while Okura won the 2nd program, kept 183 points in the position of the crowd. San Marino Grande Prix at Misano World Sergit Marco Simon Selly, San Marino between 2-4 September
"TOYOTA GAZOO RACING TEAM THAILAND", hit 2 championships, resisting a marathon duel at the Chang Buri Ram.|The Marathon! "Toyota Gazoo Racing Team Thailand" Forms for the 2nd Racing Championship in the Endurance International Championship 2022 "at the Buriram Chang" Toyota Gazoo Racing Team Thailand ", the big and experienced racing team. The high success of the motor sport industry Under the support of Toyota Motor Thailand Co., Ltd. shows the cool form of Podium, winning double champions in the battle of the 1st and 2nd Thai Marathon Championship, Touring Car and the rankings. 1 Corolla Altis One Make Race model in "Rati Thailand Endurance International Championship 2022" Race 2 and 3 Great Seasons Between 19-21 August 2022 at Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province, returned to the field to prove the speed of the field 2 and 3 of the Marathon, the Thai Marathon Championship, TOYOTA GAZOO RACING TEAM Thailand. The strongness throughout the competition. In the Touring Car model, use the Toyota 86 car number 19 drives by Natthaphong Panthongkham, Akkharaphong Akkhi Nirith and Krit Wasurat. Despite the movement of the rankings on the way, it was able to return to the top of the competition 7 hours. Get the 1st cup of model and 1 Overall with a statistics of 204 rounds in Race 2 and No. 1 in the model and number 1 in the Overall Statistics 206 rounds in Race 3 and also the annual champion of this season. Certainly, and the car number 20 is driven by Sutthiphong Somphat, Natthawut Charoen Sukhawattana and Manatakul Palanon, finishing Race 2, performed the work equally. Overall Statistics 202 rounds and ending the 3rd race with the 3rd model of the model and the 3rd in the form of 200 statistics. In the Corolla Altis One Make Race model, use the Corolla Altis GR Sport. Car number 24, driven by Thanchanok Charoen Sukhawattana, Pure Hongpan and Kentaro Shiba do both of the work. Race 2, the 2nd works number 1 in the model and 9 in the Overall statistics 185 rounds and the 3rd race 1 in The model and number 13 in Overall statistics 174 rounds after the competition, Mr. Suthipong Smithchat, the director and racers under Toyota Kasurase, the Thailand team said, "This week, the team competed in a marathon form. Smooth path in the Chang Sanam Although everyone is familiar and experienced with the area of ​​the field But must plan for the competition for 2 days well, the racers and the team must work as a team for 7 hours because every second has the opportunity to change the results. Our team is doing well, both maintaining the distance and plans to enter each pilgrimage. Everything is in accordance with the target on the 5th hour. Race 3 must adjust the driving into the Weet Race form because it rains. Before the rain stopped back to do the speed again Everyone is excellent until the end of the competition, both in Race 2 and 3. Today, the team can win the championship with dignity. And definitely get the annual championship position for this program I would like to thank all the encouragement for supporting and following our team. "For" Toyota Gazoo Racing Team Thailand ", the next competition is" Thailand Super Series 2022 "in Race 3 and 4 during the 25th day. - 28 August 2022 at Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province, follow and cheer on the Thai racing team that is continuously successful and intended to develop continuously. More at www.facebook.com/toyotagazooracingteamthailand
Release the item again!"Lee D-Yong", a scandalous ball, a ginseng, a hot puppet late at night (picture)|Considered as another young lady slapped with many fans for Ea-Young, a South Korean volleyball player. Even though the hometown of his hometown was heavily opposed by the past events that they had bullied, classmates who were still in elementary school. And high school, latest, a 25 -year -old girl, released late at night, showing off the white back on Instagram While referred to play in the water With a message teasing himself that "It seems nothing except the shape that is seen only the bones. Up to now, "However, many of her fans pressed together. And bless her to be happy with living in Europe After still unable to return to live in his hometown because of the ban, banned, do not play in the country from South Korean Volleyball Federation (Kovo) indefinitely Which from the ban on the ban that is not specified Girl slap Have to travel out of the country to find a volleyball club to continue playing In the new season, will move to play for Rapid Bucharest, volleyball club In the Romanian league with a 1 year contract. For Ea-Young began to show out the prominent after moving to the Suwon Hyundai Lee and C team in 2014 before stepping up to the big national team. Later in 2020, she decided. Moved to join the Incheon Cook Pink Spores team and received a wage of 400 million won (about 11 million baht).
Dreaded repeatedly in the past year!"Klopp" pointed out that if the red battle is boiling, Liverpool must get points.|Liverpool manager British giant club Expressing fear after the program will lead the team to fight the red boiling battle. By attacking to Manchester United on Monday night, August 22 by Mr. Yai Swan Dang Afraid that there would be a repeat of the red -boiling battle game that had to be postponed Like last year After the local football fans have made an appointment together to protest the Glazer family The owner of the American club announced to sell the team, which last season The red -boiling game at Old Trafford had to be canceled to find a re -kicking queue despite That has to be played in the field during the Okvid-19 The epidemic because the Red Army disciples caused the protests to the point of escalating to the stage before the game, about two hundred people, causing the strike to not happen. German manager revealed that "We are not involved in the upcoming situation. If their football fans don't want this game to happen We can not postpone a new competition again. Because this season there is a program that is so tight. "" Regardless of this, it happened to Liverpool or any team. I still think that if this situation actually happened The team that is not involved should get 3 points back home, but I hope it will not happen, "said the Reds, the Reds. Liverpool were not able to win the first match in the new season. In the past, two games were stuck This match must invade Old Trafford to meet with Manchester United on Monday night, August 22 at 2:00 am.
Thai vs Australia: Women's Volleyball AVC Cup 2022, Statistics, Live broadcast|AVC Cup Women Volleyball Competition 2022 (AVC Cup 2022) or 2022 Asian Cup Women's Volleyball in Pasik Philippines Accepting the face of the mat as the host Between 21-29 August, in the first round, will compete in all ways Thai national women's volleyball team Caught in the Group B together with Japan, Taiwan and Australia, with every match in the Philippines Arena, Pasik, "Thai girl slapping army", the 14th team in the world In the Nations League battle Excellent Will enter the second game field, meet The Australian national team, the 58th team in the world, in which all the works in the past "Thai female rubber ball" must say that there is a much better statistics. See you all 4 times. Previously, the Thai national team won every game, plus winning 3-0. Head to Head 4 times. The last 4 times: Thailand won 4, Australia won 09 January 2020: Thailand won Australia 3- 0 set (Olympic Games) 19 September 2018: Thailand won Australia 3-0 set (AVC Cup) 14 September 2013: Thailand won Australia 3-0 set (Asian Championship) 4 September 2013: Australia loses Thai 0- 3 sets (World Championship) for Thai national women's volleyball team There is a program on the field to meet Australian national team On Monday, August 22, 2022 at 15.00 hrs. Fans can watch live broadcast on One31 and PPTV 36 in the online system.
Snatched the championship!"Edward" Kanto "Usan" sleeps. Finally, UFC 278|Leon Edwards, a challenger from Jameka Successfully snatched the global championship belt to the waist After turning the situation back to beat the neck of Knock Kamaru Usan, the owner of the Nigeria position. In the last round In the major of UFC 278: USMAN VS EDWARDS 2 at Vivint Arena, South Leck City, USA, on Sunday 21 August. Statistics winning 20 and losing only once It is also a winning 19 consecutive fights with "Rocky", a 30 -year -old challenger from Jameka. The first opened, Usman walked into the side while Edwards Yuan, with a heavy rhythm. Survived Usman as well. At the end of the first round, the challenger has the opportunity to connect his back and can put the Usman's Tech to successfully enter the second round. Usan tries to walk more. And clearly released weapons While also taking the down payment from Edwards. And got down again In which the fight in the 3rd round is getting better and better And began to be superior to the fighter from Jameka. 4, Usan accelerated the machine, put down the Edward, from the beginning, raised and controlled almost all the fighting games. In addition, the end of Usman also paid a storm on the Edwards until almost closing the game. In the end, Usan should be able to overcome comfortably. But the unexpected pushed at the end of Edwards, the opportunity to put the left foot in the face of Usan until they fell tight. And unable to fight, it turns out that Leon Edwards turned back to beat Kamaru Usaman. Incredibly in the 5th lifting, the world championship belt was overwhelmed. In addition, "Rocky" is also the first Jameka fighter to win the UFC championship, and also carrying statistics, never losing to anyone. Ake is a fight in the Middleweight coordinates between the 31 -year -old Brazilian fighter Paolo Costa. 5 The results of these fights appear that Costa is a more clear weapon. Although there is a scary garden, Costa is the final part of the score. The other parties that are interesting in the world champions, Bantamwate, José Aldo, lost points for Michawali, while the fighters from Asia have both Bantam Weet Wua Nan, a Chinese fighter from TKO Lucy Pudilo, said the opponent from the Czech state. In the 2nd round, the Bantam Wet Origla, a Chinese fighter of Mongol, won the Jay Perrin to the American. There is also a Flyweight version at Amere Alba, an Iraq fighter, won the sub -promoting Francisco Ficoredo, a Brazil fighter in the 1st round. : USMAN VS EDWARDS 2, the main pair of the major -world championship, Welter Wee Edwards, winning Knochawaru Usan, 5, Deputy Double - Middle Volunte Costa. Won the Rock -Hold look, Bantam, Vetami, receives the Dalicvily, winning José Aldo, Bantam, Women's Lucy Pudilo, Wu Ya Nannok. 2nd Light Heavy Vetson Pedro won the TKO Harry Han Sacker, lifted 1 pair, assembling the Hevvi Weewet Mercen Tybura, winning the Alexande score. Romanov, Lightweight, Jaret Gordon, won the Leonardo Santos, Feather Weston Woodson, Louis Saltana, a pair before the level of the level. Tervet Angge Luza wins the Flyweight -Wee Alba's Agear Alba, won the Francisco Ficoredo. Ariklang wins the Jay Perrin, Flyweight, Flytor Alto, TKO Daniel Danielva. Night: gane VS TUIVASA, the first match, is a fight in the Heavy Wet -Gan series. The World Champion 1, French, will meet with the Australian -Australian opponent. Which will move to compete at Accor arena, Paris, France On Saturday 4th night, this main pair started at 02.00 hrs. In Thailand.
"Bowonnan" cool to Top 10World Championship|Bowonnan Stem, the only in -Asia, addicted to top 10 In the 2022 World Championship Boat Competition in Portugal after Sailing Association of Thailand Sent athletes to participate in the ILCA4 World Championship 2022 in Portugal in Laser 4.7 (ILCA4), consisting of 4 people, consisting of 1. Mr. Bowonnan Chan Ram 2. Mr. Kanchachuen 3. Ms. Dream of Bunnag 4. Ms. Noppasorn Khun Boonchan, with 3 Thai sails who passed into the finals (Gold Fleet) consisting of Bowonnan, Karm and the dream of the finals. Scheduled between 19 - 20 August, but it appears that the first day (19 Aug) only one day (3 trips) because on the second day (another 3 trips), the wind speed is not enough, making it impossible to organize the competition. Therefore, the first day of the competition was used in the award, while the ILCA4 Boy, there were only 3 ships from Asia in this round, from 2 Thailand and 1 from Singapore. Doing the 8th work, while the 23rd is the 8th and in the 8th of the group under 16 years, while the boat from Singapore In the 64th number, the dream of the ILCA 4 GIRL category, completed 47th.
Of course tonight!"Klopp" confirms 2 important players, Liverpool ready to invade Manchester United.|Liverpool's big boss Klopp confirmed that Roberto Firmino and Nabi Geita 2, the key players of the team, have the right to meet with Manchester United in The Premier League match for the red -day boiling day. According to the report from Liverpoolfc.com, the report states that Bobby has returned to practice with his teammates after not having a tie game with Crystal Palace at Anfield. Last week While the Geni national team midfielder, despite the name as a backup in the game, it was not used after having previously had a fever. Came out to confirm the readiness of both of them before the game that invaded Manchester United at Old Trafford on Monday. By stating that "Yes, Bobby can practice normally And he was ready. Nabi was sick last week. The latest game has a reserve name. But now he can fully practice. He looks very good. Everything is OK. "In addition, Klopp also reported that there were no more injured players. In which players like Joel Matipe, Tiago Alkantara, Ibra Himakonte, Cordis Jones, Diego Chota, Alex Ox Reduce-Chamberlain, Calvin Ramsey and Quiwin Cleleher, still cannot return to practice as before.
Outside the arena boiling!"Charlotte" Ring Girl British girl opens Onlyfans to please the girlfriend (picture).|Became more well -known for Charlotte Elise Fox, a British girl model Who decided to jump to get a job beside the arena in the world fist between "Gypsy King", the British ties and Dillion White at the Weelie arena. In April In the past, after the end of the fight, it appears that many boxing fans tried to find her in the social world before the famous media. Will open her warp This work made the boys. Click to follow in her Instagram a lot. In the online world, I must say that it is much better than on the arena. When the 26 -year -old's Instagram, it was full of flashing images, whether it was a swimsuit. Or underwear Which she intended to show off the puppet showing the fans, especially this event, allowing her to have nearly 2.4 hundred thousand followers for Charlotte Elise Fox, considered to be watched from the industry very much With a beautiful face Plus the glowing puppet, the owner of 34-23-33, allowing her to be regarded as the number 1 sexy girl girl in the country.
There are seconds!"Thai girl volleyball" compressed Australia to win the AVC Cup 2022.|2022 AVC Cup Women's Volleyball Competition in the Philippines Arena, Pasik, Philippines "Thai national women's volleyball" on the second game, meet The Australian national team, the 58th team in the world on Monday, August 22, 2022, this game "Urgent Coach" Danai Srivashimathakul Send the first player, consisting of Pornphan Kerdpra, Scholars, Boonlert, Chatch Churamoksri, Pimphichaya Gum, Sasipaporn Chantawit, Watchariya Nuancham and Piyanuch Pae Noi. The first Libor Set Thai girl slap Which is very superior as the leading score first 8-3, then continue to chase the game, slapped the score continuously before opening the set to win without a problem of 25-9 up, leading 1-0 sets, two sets Thailand has led 6-3, then an Aussie girl who can solve the game incredible as a rival 16-16 before overtaking 19-17 boiling games at the end. When Australia opened the set 24-22, but the Thai girl team Not easy to give up the points at the same time at 24-24 before turning over 27-25, leading 2-0, a set of three Thai girls to play with confidence, bring 8-5, then move forward to 16- 10, before maintaining the distance, closing the set is not difficult to overcome 25-13, making the "Thai girl slapping army" victory 3-0. Enter the next match. Meet Taiwan on Tuesday 23 August 2022 at 15.00 hrs. (Convey on Channel One31 and PPTV 36 in the online system).
Not enough!"Husseld Ben", the Chelsea has to supplement 3 positions after losing Leeds.|Jimmy Floyd Hasssel Ben, the legend of Chelsea Gave the view that his love team still wanted to take 3 new players before the dead line Football market This summer will end behind the Blue Blue Army, start the English Premier League football. The new season is not impressive. Just won only 1 match from the 3 top league opening games, with the latest, Thomas Twin's team just attacked to the Leds United at Elland Road, 3-0 on Sunday night. In the past, Chelsea invaded Leeds United 3-0, with the goal from Brenden Aronon, 33 minutes, Rodrigo Mooreo, 37 minutes and Jack Harrison 69th minute. At the end of the game, Calidu Kulibali was fired by a red card from the field. 85 "They still need more help. James played on the right side and in the center role. He can play, but it's not his best position. "Hasssel Ben commented. "The team still wants to Center Half, another 1 midfielder and the 9 striker. The score of the score can be finished with the team continuously." Good footsteps The team will have better potential. "The Blues became involved in Pierre-Emerick Obama, spearheading from Barcelona and Vesley Fana Center, a league, Leicester City
Soar into the future!"Adidas" launches a new 4DFWD, colorful, with many new features.|Adidas launched the new 4DFWD running shoes that were designed to help drive the runners to rush forward. It is an important step for Adidas to move forward to the future that uses the most advanced innovation of Adidas to conquer the obstacles between runners and achieving the highest potential. 4DFWD running is developed. Comes with technology that helps to change the pressure vertically into force, send the runners forward by using the middle layer soles that look like a structure of the rabbit ears. Which is considered the world's first rushing shoes that uses the middle -class soles in this form of success in the invention of running running shoes with the most advanced innovative arises of Adidas. Processing of over 5 million mesh soles, combined with the use of data collected from world -class athletes for 18 years in order to design a net structure that can turn the running industry. In the development of the 4D shoe, Adidas has collaborated with Carbon, a world -class innovation partner to use Digital Light Synthesis technology that is accurate. Which caused success to move forward successfully. Annet (Peko) Ho Soi, Neil Parado and Jane Paparado, Professor of Mechanical Engineering of the Massachusetts Institute (MIT). That "Every time humans run forward, there will be a slight stop in every rhythm that our feet touch the ground during running. This is something that runners at all levels must be encountered inevitably, which Mit Sports Lab is inventing and developing technology that will help solve problems at this point. The result is the new 4DFWD running shoes. "Charlothered, the senior manager The product of Adidas said, "Adidas is determined to find ways to use technology and information to mix to create the best products for runners. For this new 4DFWD running shoes, this model can achieve a goal that is not possible and challenged many scientific rules. Which is unique to drive the wearer to soar forward By changing the vertical pressure that occurs at every step to be a force to send forward smoothly that it is a new running experience that has never been before. "The new 4DFWD shoes consist of outstanding technology. As follows, Continental ™ Outsole Introduced - a new version of the exterior of the CONTINENTAL ™ that enhances adhesion properties. Helps to ensure running in all weather conditions, All-New Primeknit+ & Enginered Mesh Upper-New Primeknit+ material and shoe structure made of mesh fabric. Which has a focus on the point that runners require special support Combined with the heel of the shoe that has increased, helps to enhance more fitness. - The 4DFWD sole can support the impact more than 4D to 23% (compared to 4D RUN 1.0), 4dfwd running shoes and The new 4DFWD Pulse will be on sale for 7,300 baht and 6,200 baht (respectively) from 8 September 2022 on Atidas Brand Center, Adidas Sport Performance, Aidi. Dascode, Adidas Online Store www.adidas.co.th, Line: @adidasthailand, Ariran Ning, Amos, Carnewal, JD Sport, Super Sport and Leading sports equipment nationwide, special privileges for Adiclub members can own a new 4DFWD and 4DFWD Pulse before anyone else during 6-7 September 2022, along with accumulating additional benefits and participating in special activities from Adi. ADICLUB membership application at https://bit.ly/-adiclubth Or contact the shop at Adidas stores nationwide. Follow more information on Facebook. www.facebook.com/adidasth And Instagram @adidasthailand and @adidasrunning and websites www.adidas.com/4d and hashtag #adidas4dfwd #adidasrunning #adidasthailand
Kwangdong Freecs slashed Crazywin to win the EACC Summer 2022.|Kwangdong Freecs won the EACC Summer 2022 championship, a total of 12 FIFA Online 4 teams from 4 countries, namely China, Thailand, South Korea and Vietnam. The Grand Final of the EACC Summer 2022 is a fierce fighting game as a Korean Darby game between Kwangdong Freecs. The first Crazywin was found. Freecs sent Junho and Chan, which was consistent in this program. And is Chan to overcome it, not difficult. 0-2, take first 0-1. The next game. Two Freecs. Choose to send Hoseok to fix the Crazy Win's KWAK. And shooting before 1-0, but KWAK released the item from the use of Kiliyan MBPP, using the speed of the ball from 40 yards into the penalty area and then shot the goalkeeper. There was no 1-1 left. The ball is beautiful and a gyu. blame Which was fun to fight. Gwan Crazy Win shot more accurately than in the beginning, but then the freecs of Freecs became more confident by saving the penalty. And score up Until finally defeating the penalty 6-5, resulting in the freecs overtaking 2-1. 4 Freecs wooden games choose to send Hoseok to Crazy Win's Kwak. This game Hoseok shot 1-0 before the game just less than 3 minutes. Suddenly rival From the game on the left, Kiliyan MBPAP paid to Alexando Delpiro to follow and beat, not left 1-1 into the second half of the 50 minutes. ASCIS for Pavel Nevad, walled the volleyball. The second pillar has not left the score of Crazy Win's KWAK, overtaking 1-2, but Hoseok chase 2-2 rivalry from Steven Gerrd's repeated shooting. 2-3 gives a chance to win the breath in the final game. 5 is a match between Seongmin. Meet with Gwan. End of 90 minutes is still 0-0, but the special period seongmin has released 1-0 from the ball flip. Instead, Karim Benzema's shot and the goal in this game, Freecs beat Crazy Win 3-2 to win the EACC Summer 2022 for the first time. The Crazy Win champion receives a prize money of 640,000 baht.
Urawa Red Diamonds attacked BG Pathum 4-0.|The AFC Champions League 2022 round 8, the last 8 teams at Saitama Stadium, Japan, Urawa Red Diamond, the home team opened the BG Pathum United team from Thailand. " Rabbit Kaew "led by Sarach Yuyen, Theerasil Daeng Da, Iksan Fany, with a talented commander like David Moburg. 4-0 from the goal of David Moburg. 32, Takuya Iwranami 42, Yoshio Koi Sumi, 65 and Taka Hiro Akimoto, 72 rounds. Winner Urawa Red Diamond will meet with Chun Bukhunai Motor, a famous team from South Korea who beat Vissel Kobe 3-1.
no problem!"Phan Phayak" the most confident "Nong Oh" softly "Liam" protects the championship|"Phan Phayakchit Muangnon" is confident in the seniors "Nong Oo Kai Grilled Five Star" that will be able to manage the vice challenged from the elite "Liam Harrison" comfortably in the One Fight Night battle. 1: Adriano vs Dimitrey II, which will be broadcasted live in America Prime Which corresponds to the morning at 7:00 am on Saturday 27 August Which is currently turning into a trainer at the Evolt camp Famous camp of Lion Have the opportunity to practice with "The King killed not to die." Nong Oh, the grilled chicken, the boxing teacher, who is also a boxing teacher there. Phan Phayak also has a queue to fight for a reserve chair. One Muay Thai World Grand Prix that will be held in one 160: O The Christian vs II, which will be broadcast live on Friday 26 August with the same workplace and there is a punching program near Kanyaphan Tiger, so take the opportunity to ask for subjects from the top boxing of Sakon, like Nong O for use with competitors. The tiger revealed that he had many techniques that he could improve himself. "From seeing the brothers and sisters, Oh do every day, both work and being athletes. I know why he is named The King killed without death. Considered to be my luck that has absorbed and learned many things from him. "In addition After seeing the practice of Nong O's career, Phan Phayak believes that the challenger like Liam must prepare to handle it well. In which he came out to analyze the championship partner, stop the world, "Actually, I can't decide who will win in this fight. But from my experience that saw his practice every day Can say that it is perfect I can feel the determination of the brothers and sisters, and believe that Liam is definitely not his job. "Fans can check how to watch the live broadcast of One 160: Ox VS Christian II (Friday 26 C. 65) and One Fight Night 1: Adriano VS Dimitrey II (Saturday 27 Aug 65) at Facebook One Championship Thailand and Onefc.com website. /TH
I'll know about it!"Tank" Suan "Savas" before the mouth of the battle of One Muay Thai World Grand Prix|The King of the Muay Thai, "Tang Chit Muang Non" opens the mouth after being "Savat Michael" criticized that he was hot -tempered. Before both of them duel in the playoffs, the competition, One Muay Thai, World Grand Prix, the Flyweight model that will take place in the One Fight Night 1: Adriano VS Dimitreis II, which will convey. Fresh, Prime Minister, America Falls in the morning at 7:00 am on Saturday 27 August. It is well known that the owner of the nickname "Di Ironman" is a fierce -style boxer. Dare to exchange, do not break, do not quit Until becoming a unique identity that both Thai and Thai sports fans like But for the Cyprus boxer who is about to be the next partner of the tank, it is a weakness that he will use to use in this competition. When the Thai boxing throne The Flyweight version heard the competitors criticized their fighting style. Came out to respond in a sore, itchy, too. "That's my identity. Others may think that I am a hot -tempered person, but I am always conscious. We will play Or the opponent I am conscious enough to not make the opponent to do us. "" Actually, there are many types of fighting fighters. Must also see what kind of action he is Some people fight to die. Or fighting until not careful that you will get hit But some people are fighting with brain Like myself I am really fighting. But I saved myself everything I have to know what the weight of the opponent is. And know what kind of opponent will come out I dare to play Dare to fight. "If the tank can go through the savass, this round will be the number one of the Ae and will meet the one of the B. Which will be the winner between "Super Lek Kiat Moo 9" and "Walter Gon Salwess" to compete for the World Grand Prix in the finals. Fans can follow the Live Fight Night 1: Adriano vs Dimitrey II on Saturday 27 Aug 65, starting the first pair at 7:00 am via Watch.onefc.com in PPV (pay for viewing), U One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) and Thai Rath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22.30 hrs.
Strengthen the middle!Manchester United launches "Gasemaro" to join the 4 -year -old contract.|"Red Devils" Manchester United, the famous English Premier League club, announced the launch of the Brazilian national midfielder Gazsearo, officially moved to the team. On Monday night, August 22, 2022, with a 30 -year -old Samba star moved from Real Madrid to join the team with a fee of 60 million pounds (about 2,573 million baht), a 4 -year contract with 1 additional option. Year and plus another 10 million pounds of money. If possible, according to the conditions. "I used to work with many great managers in my career. Now I met Eric Tenhak and was aware of his team's construction plan. I waited for working with him. And all new friends. "" Everyone knows Manchester United's history very well and the club has meaning to the cheering. Playing with this club is an honor for me. And I will be dedicated to help the team to succeed in the future, "said Brazilian star. Gazamaro played for Real Madrid, totaling all 336 games, 31 goals and 29 assists. Successful by winning the 3 -time Spanish La Liga championship, the UEFA Champions League 5 times and many champions.
Delete 4 years of mystery, don't win!Manchester United opened Liverpool's 2-1 Hand's nest of the season.|The English Premier League football match between "Red Devils" Manchester United meet "Reds" Liverpool at Old Trafford on Monday night, 22 August 2022, starting the game for 10 minutes. The home team almost got the goal. Leading from the rhythm of Bruno Fernandes, got the ball in front of the penalty area before falling, even if Anthony Lengka dropped alone, pressing with the right right, collided with the pillars. Unfortunately, the 16th minute. " Red "continue the game, Anthony Lee Langka got out of the left before opening the penalty area for Chedon San Sho to lock one stroke before breaking up with the right pole into Manchester United. The visiting team won the rhythm of Louis Diaz, dragged the ball before making a bunch of Harvie Elliott, shuffling the chest on the right side of the penalty area. The 40th minute "Reds" got the opportunity again from the corner kick. Alexander-Arnold is open for James Milner to tackle Bruno Fernandes. The square almost entered the door, but it was good that Lisan Dor Martinez kicked off in the first half. The home team brought 1-0 back to play in the second half of the 53th minute. Stabbing through the bouquet Let Marcus Rashford dropped alone. Press with the right pole. The first pole. Manchester United moved away 2-0 minutes at 66. The visiting team came to have a corner of the right side of the Andrew Robertson. Long to the two poles for Fabinho, the backup, who just poured up the field, but David de Gea fell for the 81th minute. Fabio Carvalho fired next to Sea David de Gea Ball, bouncing into the head of Mohamed Salah, tacking the pole into Liverpool, chasing 1-2 times. "Red Devils" Manchester United opened the house, squeezing Liverpool 2-1 to win the first match this season, while "Reds" has not won anyone this season. The list of both Manchester United players (4-2-3-1): David de Gea-Doto Dalot, Lisan Drophorez, Rafael Varran, Tyrell Maladela-Christian A Rick Seen, Scott Macitomine -Bruno Fernandes, Anthony Lee Langka, Chedon San Cho -Marcus Rashford Liverpool (4-3-3 ): Alison Bake -Trent Alexander -Arnold, Joe Gomez, Fergil van Di, Andrew Robertson -Har V Elliott, Jordan Henderson, James Milner - Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino, Louis Diaz
Player Ratings!Cut the Man U-Liverpool grade.After the red boiling battle|English Premier League football 2022/23 Monday night, August 22, 2022 Manchester United 2-1 Liverpool Stadium: Old Trafford, Manchester United David De Gea - 7 /10 Not encountering a difficult job, even being hit by Mohamed Salah. Brent Fordo Dio Dalt - 7/10 Duel and Louis Diaz have reached the ginger, even if losing a yellow card in the end of the first half, Rafael Varan - 7/10. Awaja is thrilling in the breakfast frame, Louis Diaz until losing a yellow card. Overall, playing the game is more reliable than Harry McGuire, Lisandr Martinis - 8/10, standing in the right place at the right time. Extracting the wrong larvae of Bruno at the door, the gateway to eat, duel with Roberto Firmino continuously to cope with the pressure from the Red Swan offensive line. 10 is somewhat worried about having to duel with Mohamed Salah, but the 23 -year -old full -back was impressive. There is a shot soaring to attack the top border to see the Tyrell Malacia, Anthony Elaga, Scott Macitomine -8/10. Supporting the game in the middle of the line, stabbing through the line from the deep Moved and coordinated to receive the ball from the teammates in the middle of the Chedon Sancho - 8/10, quietly disappeared in the first 15 minutes of the game before becoming one of the shots that led to Get the score of the score 1-0 very cool. Bruno Fair Nard - 8/10 moves alternately with Rashford, almost getting the assist for Elka. In the beginning of the game, try to play easily The rhythm until it becomes an effective play. Received the yellow card from an attempt to fall to call the penalty at the end of the game, Anthony Leeka - 7/10, received the ball from Bruno, lured the target Alizon, but shot to hit the pole very seriously. Before the assists for Chedon Sancho breaking the door to burn the Alexander-Arnold Until calling the yellow card successfully Was changed at half of Marcus Rashford Marcus Rashford - 9/10 is striking at the beginning with a single shock and a free kick in front of the penalty area. Outstanding with running through the line, the support is almost broken, the door is 2-0 away. Seems to be able to call for confidence back. Antoni Marcial (Leeka 46 ') - 8/10 comes down to spend a few moments. The card fell off the score 2-0, settled on the top of the visiting team. Almost put on the score in the second half, Fred (San Cho 71 ') - 6/10, holding the center of the middle of the end of Donnie Fan De Beck (Eric Sen 86') - N/A Chris Tia Ronaldo (Rashford 86 ') - N/A Aron Wan - Bizka (Dalt 86') - N/A football score Liverpool Son Backer - 5/10 cannot blame the person who lost. Leverage the free kick of Ericsen in the first half before being lured to the first target Rashford in the second half. Alexander -Arnold - 4/10 lost the Rashford at the beginning of the game until becoming a dangerous foul. There was a problem both in dealing with Rashford and losing yellow cards to Elka since the first half of the first half. The back area of ​​the referry became the target of the Red Devils of the Red Devils. Joe Gomez - 5/10. Dealing with the speed of the offensive line Manchester United is satisfactory, but it seems to be a little fierce. Will do better than this, in the loss of 1-0 goals for Sancho, not enthusiastic enough to extract Marical, which is the origin of the 2-0 goal loss, not the best game of the person Andy Robertson - 6/10 soar, fill up the attacking game after passing the first 30 minutes of the game, but the ball from the feet of the person does not win James Milner, Virgil Van Dijk, Harvey Ellia. Tap - 6/10 does not play a role in molding the game in the first half but continues to play continuously. Soaring the attacking game consciously, but the passing of the ball is not accurate. Jordan Henderson - 4/10 cannot trap the home team's attacking game. Catching the ball is the origin of the 2-0 goal loss. Changed out of the field for a few moments. After that, James Milner - 6/10 surprisingly, Jurgen Klopp plays a role for the move. Box Tobx is involved with attacking and Pressing games at the top 36 years old. Surprise another level when he is on the field for over 70 minutes. Mohamed Salah Mohamed Salah - 6/10 Often being swarmed by the Red Devils Unable to coordinate with Trent or Elliot. Standing right at the right time, when the shock was shocked, the two rhythm beat the door, hit the eggs, robes, Roberto Firmino - 4/10, moving down, connecting the game in the middle. Did not touch the ball in the dangerous zone, Louis Diaz - 6/10, striking from the skills to drag the game Calling the yellow card of Varan in the first half, the most expected player of Liverpool, the first 45 minutes before the role will gradually Reduced in the second half. Player Fabino (Henderson 59 ') - 6/10 Game in the middle Fill up to win a header, trying to score a goal, Fabio Carwalo (Milner 73 ') - 7/10, stimulating Liverpool's game at the end to be more life. Create a rhythm of the gateway to hit the eggs, the Simicas (Robertson 85 ') - 5/10, not very important to the game. Almost causing the team to lose the goal
Official!Manchester United launched "Gaasemo" before the red game boiling.|Manchester United launched the defensive midfielder Gazemiro from Real Madrid to the Old Trafford before the game, Liverpool began with this deal. The value of around 60 million pounds, plus a bonus of 10 million pounds and will sign a contract until 2026 with an additional option for another year. Say to the official club website that "I have worked with the top of many managers and of course with Tenhak, after talking to him. I can hardly wait to work with him and the team with all the players. After this, "Eric Ten Hakkun, the Red Devils, said about this new midfielder that "He always compares the glue that is the connector between each rock. Which is something that we have been looking for for a long time And finally, we got to join the team and I am very happy. "
"Vanaldum" broken legs while practicing and Roma, the Qatar World Cup|The Netherlands national team midfielder Gin Resulting in a long resting from the injury and the possibility that the person will be involved with the orange knight in the World Cup tournament 2022 at the end of this year. 31 years have just reached an agreement from Paris Saint-Germain to join the Rome under the loan agreement 2 weeks earlier. And just entered the field on behalf of the wolf army as a reserve Matching that the agency attacked Sarlarnita 1-0 on August 14. "The club confirmed the detection of the broken bone, while Tibia (Shin) in the right leg." Officials Wolf of Rome Updated the 31 -year -old midfielder's injury. However, they have not specified the time when the Vidalds have to stay from the said symptoms, with the Dutch midfielder being injured. In detail again in the next few days, while the wind turbine has the first World Cup queue on November 20, in which they are in Group A with Senegal, Ecuador and Qatar hosts.
"Kulwut" leads the Thai chicken to the 2nd round of Badminton, 2022 World Championship.|The 2022 World Badminton Championship in Tokyo Metro Pollitan Gymnasium in Tokyo Japan Today is the first round or 64 rounds. The last 4 Thai badminton players compete in the world. The game 21-17 and 21-10 passed the final 32 to meet with the 31 hand Cordio Naraoka from Japan. The world from Japan 2-1 games 13-21, 21-16 and 21-13 passed to meet with Ung Sue Yong 42 of the world from Malaysia. Locked to Kai Sherd 81 in the world from Germany 0-2 games 19-21, 18-21, the female couple, Benya Papa Iam Sa-at and Nanthakan Iamsa, winning Katy Creek, Marran and Hellina Ru. The world's 54 guide from Estonia 2-0 Games 21-9 and 21-14 through the second round to meet Mayu Matsumoto and Wakana Nakahara, the 6th hand manual from Japan, the male couple, Supak Chom Island and Kittinu Pong Ketrane, the first 33 hand, eliminated after losing to MRR Jun and Druf Capilla 35 of the world from India to a nice way. Lose 1-2 Game 17-21,21-17 and 20-22
"Small Ring" Takchai!Roma slashed Cremonese 1-0 Serie A Serie A battle.|The Serie A Italian Football Football Games, 2022/23, 2nd match at the Stadio Olympico between Roma, receiving the visit of the newcomer like Cremoneze Roma Army led by Luka, Chinnie, Chris Smalling, Paulo Rawala, Nico Sonio Lo and Tammy Abraham. Laury, Luka Sanimutti, Syril David, OK, just entered the offensive line. Roma, the host, who slashed Cremonese 1-0 with the goal in the second half of the corner of Lorenzo, the stretcher that was thrown to Chris Smalling to turn back the keeper. The door from Cremonese went to the net, resulting in Roma, 3 additional storage, with 6 full points.
Move immediately!"Ronaldo" posted after the game Manchester United, Liverpool (picture)|Cristiano Ronaldo, a superstar shooting star of "Red Devils" Manchester United, moved after the game that opened the house to defeat Liverpool 2-1 at the Old Trafford. On Monday night, August 22, in the game, the 37 -year -old striker was only a backup. Before being sent to the field to replace Marcus Rashford in the 86th minute, which referred to the team to the fullest before the "Red Devils" will win, which after the game has come out to move online. that "Doing very well, Manchester United. Thank you to the fans for support in Old Trafford last night." It was a message to the fans who still supported the news. Rumors about the movement of many teams from the victory in this game allowing Eric Tenhak to control the team for the first time in the league and collecting the first 3 points, including the nightmares to win Liverpool successfully after the past. For the last 4 years, never beat Ariber 1 for the future of Cristiano Ronaldo, the Portuguese national striker. Still have to keep an eye on each other After being reducing the role, it was just a substitute since the opening of the season. Despite being the number 1 score of the team last season By making up to 24 goals from all 38 matches, which still has a contract with the club for another 1 year (contract until 30 June 2023)
The team has changed!"Ten Hak" clearly pointed out the important factors that made Liverpool overturned.|Eric Ten Hak, Manchester United manager, interviewed after the game, the team opened the house to defeat Liverpool 2-1 in the Premier League game at the Old Trafford on Monday night. August 22, by this game "Red Devils" play each other so well that they can delete nightmares to win Liverpool in the last 4 years they met. It is also considered the first victory to control the Dutch coach in the league game, which after the Red Devils Game said, "We can say about the playing plan. But this game is more about attitude We have seen the attitude of the players in this game. Have communication Have a spirit of fighting "" especially with the word team You can see what they can do. They play football well. This is the reason I am satisfied. We can play better if concentrating on passing the ball. We have good players. And now we can call them the team. "Ten Hak praised the team for Manchester United to move the 14th place in the table with 3 points after the next 3 matches. Ris Stadium meets Southampton. On Saturday 27 August
"Bangkok Airways Boutique Series 2022" with the "Trat Half Marathon" running event to support Sports Tourism in Trat|Bangkok Airways organizes the competition. "Trat Half Marathon" in the "Bangkok Airways Boutique Series 2022" supports sports tourism. Trat Province Bangkok Airways Public Company Limited or Bangkok Airways led by Mrs. Ariya Prasat Thong Osot Directors of the Company (5th from left) presided over the opening ceremony of the running event. "Bangkok Airways Trat Half Marathon " Which is the 3rd running field on the program "Bangkok Airways Sobutik Series 2022" to promote sports tourism In important tourist attractions With Mr. Kalachai Thepworachai, Deputy Governor of Trat Province (5th from right), presided over the opening ceremony Ready to be honored by Mr. Prasan Phongpanich, Deputy Mayor of Trat Province (3rd from left), Mr. Chanan Cluewannaphan, Tourism and Sports, Trat Province (4th from left), Mrs. Pranee Channapharat, Deputy Director of the Eastern Region Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) (4th from right) and Mrs. Pasalin Sivarat, Director of the Office Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), Trat Office (3rd from right), participated in activities at the Royal Karong School, Khun Trat Province
A magnificent body!Shining "Carolina" Girlfriend "Neo", the fragrant Premier League (picture)|Became a watched immediately for Pedro Neo, the talented wing of Wolves The club of the English Premier League, which is the target of the reinforcement of the "Cannon" Arsenal during the Summer football market by The 22 -year -old Portuguese national team starred to show a great form until Miguel Arteta, Mr. Arsenal. Who wanted to have a lot to join the army To the point that the insider revealed that the two clubs have negotiated. However, outside the field, the person also became a target. Lawa, the ex -puppet girlfriend of the person who had just been officially dating earlier this year, and both of them also had a sweet suite during the closing league. By swinging together to travel to the United States, in which 21 -year -old model has posted a picture with the message that "Thank you for making me the happiest woman in the world.
Wait and see!"Marson" clearly pointed Liverpool.|Sky Sport's Paul Marson Guru believes that the decision to release Sadio Mane from the team in Liverpool's summer is a mistake to make them unsuccessful in the Premier League this season. According to the report from Liverpool Electronics, Klopp decided to sell a 30 -year -old shooting star to Bayern Munich for 35 million pounds. At the beginning of the trading market, it was a full 6 years. Shin in Anfield after moving from Southampton in 2016, Mane helped many Reds to be successful, including the UEFA Champions League champion, UEFA Super Cup, World Club Championship, Premier League champion, Carabao Cup and FA Cup while the Africa Cup of Nation in the new year with Marson Said in his column on the Sportkeeda website that Liverpool decided to release the Senegal national team starring from the team, considered a great mistake. When looking at the fact that they are not able to win in the first 2 matches of the season. "I've been talking about this. And will speak again. Sadio Mane is a serious mistake for Liverpool. Why do you have to sell him out for just 30 million pounds while you can keep him with the team for at least 1 year and he can Allowing you to win all the champions again, as before in the Premier League last season. "
These two teams are ready to compete!"Ohara", Liverpool warning, be careful of the top four.|The famous Jamie Ohara Guru believes that Liverpool may have come out of the bandit to win the Premier League championship. This year, after seeing the form of the two teams of Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur, according to the report from the Talk Sport "Reds", only 2 points from the first 3 matches of the season. From the equal with Fulham and Crystal Palace, while the "The Gunner" of Miguel Arteta won 3 matches, including the Spurs of Antonio Conte can strengthen the army. Scary and collecting 7 points from 3 matches, plus Liverpool on the field in the red boiling game. Before losing to Manchester United on Monday Making it still in the bottom half of the table And making the Premier League win This year is more difficult, which Ohara mentioned this, "Liverpool You don't have to worry about Manchester City. Spurs are raising himself to that point. Arsenal seems to be a better team. Chelsea looks good and is about to sign a contract with the players. More "" Therefore, it's not just that Liverpool chase the championship with Manchester City, as before, I feel that Arsenal and Spurs will be able to move the gap close to Manchester City. " say
Open the market more!"Championship Day" aims to change their domicile and sell shares in the United States.|News Bloomberg News Media revealed that "Group One Holdings", the greatest martial arts organizer in the world "One Championship", which is led by "Chatri Sitthong", a Thai-Thai businessman- Japan Former boxer and Thai boxing teacher who turned into a world -class sports CEO Which is known as the Entrepreneur of the future of Asia. Forbes prepares to change the legal domicile from currently Singapore To be the Kayman Islands Land of financial center in the Caribbean region To step into registration in the United States With plans to notify the Singapore accounting and organization director as soon as possible The company is also considering the sale of shares to the general public in the United States as well. After previously surveyed the names through the BLANK CHECK company by preparing to focus on the normal IPO format instead of the SPECIAL PURPOSE ACQUITICIITICIITICIITICIITICIITICIITICIITICIITICIITICIIITIRE In December, the company received 150 million US dollars funding. From the capital group led by Guggenheim Investments and Qatar Investment Authority, a wealth fund in Qatar. When including support from every case, more than 500 million US dollars are ready to make the Group One after the investment increases last 9 months to $ 1,400 million. Or worth over 50,000 million baht by preparing to use the said funds to promote growth strategies Including the presentation of various content and expanding the base outside Asia As a sports media platform that is published in more than 150 countries and also including One ESPORTS, which is an intellectual property that is also holding the game. "We are entering another level of growth around the world. Which means the company structure appropriately In order to take advantage of the strategic opportunities that are waiting for us ahead, "said the head of the president Group One, said in the interview. Can explore other financial methods As well. Bloomberg News previously reported that the parent company of Wan Championship has considered various options, including registration in the United States through a merger with Special Purprpose Acquisition or SPAC (the company that created Up to raise funds to buy other companies) as well. One has chosen the Credit Suisse Group Ag and the Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to help prepare the potential registration in the future.
West Ham launches "Emieron" to strengthen the support line.|"Khun Hammer" West Ham United, the famous team of the English Premier League, announced the launch of the 28 -year -old Italian -Back -Back, from Chelsea to join the army. And signed a contract for 4 years and options to extend the contract for another 1 year by Amareson Pulmiery. After launching that "I am very happy. Getting here It is a big challenge for me and West Ham, which is considered a big club. So I am very happy. Getting here And ready to help the team I really can't wait. To wear West Ham shirt on the field for Amareson Pulmiery, moved to Chelsea in January 2018 from Roma, ready to play in a total of 71 matches, also made 2 goals as well.
SCOP: The final proof of "Ronaldo" before saying goodbye to Manchester United forever.|Every rhythm of the camera captured the bench zone on the side of the field between the red game. On Monday, we will see Cristiano Ronaldo sitting still, making a tense face, not talking, not smiling on the arch. The bench is reserved all the time. Which seems to imagine the emotions that cannot be swallowed up of this Superstar Because over the past, there are not rumors each day to the unhappy color of Manchester United shirts and want to move to Old Trafford immediately before the summer market will Closed down, not even a little wrong for one person to choose the best for their own lives, especially at the end of this career, the football fans themselves are not happy with the situation of the club. Let alone what the players who have to be fully responsible and have to bend their faces, accepting insults, various criticisms that have been put in almost every day. Cristiano Ronaldo, of course, Ronaldo's footsteps, no one would divide the questions again. Which he has proven to the present that he can compare as one of the best players of the time of the era with Lionel Messi undeniably, but one thing that Ronaldo And all the players will not be able to overcome, that is, "time" that goes forward slowly, unaware of just a moment, aged 37 is already 38. Which is the main obstacle that is coming to bite his career as much as every second, as long as when still walking, what Ronaldo has to prove? Success? Trophy? Praise? These things CR7 have experienced Manchester United since the time he had died 20 years ago, because there was still something that he had to prove to be. Accept again ? With the current situation, the bad rumors that have been mentioned above made Ronaldo began to be both the people around him, including football fans looking at him more negatively. Start the question of whether the team still needs him or not. Before being reinforced with the work of the team that can beat Liverpool, the type that is better to play In which elder Do sat at the teammates on the side of the field Until many people think that sometimes "No, maybe even better", in the past several months, Ronaldo has never come out to accept or comment on the news that he is not happy and wants to move the team even once. Only the media that attacked him heavily, based on the behavior that began to show a little bit The poor work, including the end of the point of death, the final curve of the football market near the event, which had happened, when the trader was with Juventus finally. Suddenly, it was moved with the old team again, smooth with the work of Horque Mendes, a very skilled agent that made the needs of his players in his care and Manchester United. It may be faced with the same situation. Cristiano Ronaldo (Juventus FC). Of course, if the movement of the team occurs, everyone will stigma that moving to Manchester United this time. Also not beautiful Despite having a degree as a legendary player in the industry But leaving a club in a difficult time in the middle because it needs personal success It may make him only the legend of Real Madrid, not the legend of the Red Devils in the eyes of football fans. This is the final proof to Manchester United that he will choose to follow Ego to chase. Next uncertainty Or will agree to spend the last part with the club that he used to say that loves lovers And do the best work, reduce the pride, pour the body and try to show everyone that he is committed to the club more than himself. Anti -insulting Even in the end, the work of the team may not meet the goals. But that can make everyone say that they do their best as the 37 -year -old man can do. This is the last skeptical that Ronaldo also has to choose whether he will surrender to Ego. That allows him to fly higher Or choose to say goodbye to the legendary by giving up the time in life for another year. Use the final opportunity. Try to do it for others for football fans and to revive this club again. Although it was unsuccessful, it would make the last time spent together more meaningful than just a bad time. At the end of his career Because the other corner will become a good memory Who entered the hearts of all the Red Devils followers that he was the one who agreed to devote to the last to do for others And proved that the true "legendary" No matter how long the time has passed
Can wait for the subpoena!"Ronaldo" Germination "Mother of Autism" refusing to sue (picture)|This event may have to go to court for Cristiano Ronaldo, the talented shooting star of "Red Devils" Manchester United, who pushed to explode, frustrated at Everton's football fans. After the game at the agency losing 0-1 at Gudison Park in April In the past, after the game, there was an event that no one expected. The 37 -year -old midfield center that is about to walk back to the room. Unable to control his emotions, slapped a young mobile phone of a young man, agreed to the ground before walking away in an indifferent, which later came out to admit that it was actually done Ready to apologize online that "It's not easy to deal with emotions in a difficult time. However, we must respect and patience and be a good role model for children. I always love a beautiful movie game. "" I want to apologize for that emotion. And if possible I would like to invite that football fan to watch the game at Old Trafford as a signal of Fairphep. And kindness is an athlete "Portuguese national captain However, the latest Sarah Kelly, the mother of Jake Harding, a 14 -year -old autism, who was the target of the mood of the shooting star at that time. There is no posture to reveal to The Mirror, the British media that is preparing to prosecute legal. "I want to see justice. Because at this point it has never happened. "At the same time, she revealed that Ronaldo's online world is an inappropriate action. "Apologies like that It made me more angry. I think he should apologize to my son directly. Rather than posting on social media He should find a way to contact us. Talk to us personally If he did that, I would be very satisfied. "
SCOOP: 5 choices that Liverpool have to reinforce the army before the deadline.|The name of the midfielder, Tiico Alkantara, Fabinho, Cortis Jones, Alex Ox-Chamberlain, Harvey, Elliot. , Jordan Henderson, James Milner to Fabio Carwano is not ugly, but if the 3 people have a problem that the injury is not able to help the team Liverpool become. It is a team that is clearly under the pressure of Yergen Klopp in the red battle, becoming a Scott McTamani to keep until unable to leverage the form. As before That is a sign of the problem that the Reds will continue to experience until the end of this season. If they are still calm, do not grab the new midfielder, with the following 5 names: some of the options that the match is worth For consideration 1. Nicolo Nicolo Barella, the enthusiasm in the middle of the Reds, became a big question mark. After the night at Old Trafford on Monday, Nicola Barela has answers what Liverpool disappear when he can take on the role of a gameplay midfielder with the outstanding skill. Bringing the ball by himself. The 25 -year -old midfielder is one of the best options on the list. But the contract that binds him with the Narasu Rye Army for 2026 and the assessment value in Transfermarkt up to 63 million pounds is eligible for FSG to tear this deal. 2. Marcelo Brozovic Marcelo Brozovic is another option in the Inter team but is a different role, while Barela is outstanding with the movement. The Marcelo Brozovic side box is a midfielder who settles in front of the support line, sweeping the attacking game of the opposite side. Cooling game set up with a 29 -year -old and staying in the Inter longer for 9 years, making it possible if the person wants a new challenge, but the problem is that Brozovic has just entered the pen with the army. Big snake in March And promised him to the team to 20263. Yuri Tilamans Youri TieleMans It was a thick -especially in the Summer football market with Arsenal, but Leicester City still wanted to hold the 25 -year -old commander in King Power Steam. Of the Belgian national team midfielder and the blue fox army It is about to end in this 2023 summer and Leicester needs to make a decision urgently about the future of Lemans. If not wanting to lose the football that they throw around 40 million pounds, grab from Monaco in the summer 2019 for free. Agent 4. Mois Kaiseo Moises Caicedo, a 20 -year -old midfielder Caicedo from Brighton, who had just been born last season. Referred to as expected to be a representative of Eve Biszu after the seagull army released Keyman in the middle The golden spur chicken was an issue with Manchester United in the previous few weeks, with the possibility that the rival of the Red Devils would delay the decision to grab the engine room. Gaasemo comes from Real Madrid. 5. Judbingham Jude Bellingham Wonder, 19 -year -old, Borussia Dortmund has been continuously issued with Liverpool throughout the past, with the Reds want to wait for the time to ripen in the 2023 summer market. Before proceeding to the deal, but when the Reds fell under the situation, wanting to play in the middle of the army at this time We think they don't have to take that time for a long time.
Arsenal-Everton may be "Kucko" after the news is prepared to tell Manchester United.|Arsenal and Everton 2 clubs from the Premier League are eligible to grab PSV's PSV's wings after a report from the players ready to open the opportunity to play with Manchester United. The report from The Sun stated that The Toffee's manager Frank Lampard sent Steve Davis to see the 23 -year -old form in the UEFA Champions League game. The qualifying round that meets Glasko Rangers on August 17, which both teams are equal. 2-2 In addition, Fut Morto stated at the beginning of the month that Arsenal was interested in Gucko and wanted to sign a contract with the players in this summer as well. However, both teams may Must encounter disappointment When the latest report from Fabrisio Romano, the PSV star wants to open the opportunity to move to play for Manchester United more, with the personal conditions agreed with the club. tidy Waiting for the official offering. Show the form last season by playing 41 matches, scored 21 goals and 15 assists until entering the European club's eyes. And played in this season, 6 matches, scored 3 goals and 4 assists, expected to be approximately 42 million pounds
Just football has merit!"Suns" talks about "Casemiro", a new midfielder, Red Devils like this.|Talk Sport reported that Liverpool's legendary Gramus Sueson came out to talk about Casemiro, Manchester United's new game cutting room, as a footballer who was praised too much compared to The footsteps "He just had the opportunity to play with the players. But he is not a great football And never being close to that point too. "" I think he's badly passing the ball. And not many teammates He is just lucky to play for Real Madrid. I have never been excited when watching Casemiro to play. "" He is 30, but the 70 million pounds? Too expensive, I think Manchester United again missed. "69 -year -old Sui said about the 30 -year -old Brazilian national team.
Thailand vs Taiwan: Women's Volleyball AVC Cup 2022, Statistics, Live broadcast|AVC Cup Women Volleyball Competition 2022 (AVC Cup 2022) or 2022 Asian Cup Women's Volleyball in Pasik Philippines Accepting the face of the mat as the host Between 21-29 August, in the first round, will compete in all ways Thai national women's volleyball team Caught in the Group B together with Japan, Taiwan and Australia, with every match in the Philippines Arena, Pasik, "Thai girl slapping army", the 14th team in the world where the second work The previous game won 1 losing 1 will enter the final game in the first round. Meet Taiwan, the 57th team in the world with 1 winning work, 1 losing. "Thai female rubber ball" must say that there is a much better statistics. See you all 11 times earlier. Previously, the Thai national team won 10 times and losing only once, Head To Head 4 times. The last 4 times: Thailand won 5, Taiwan won 07 January 2020: Thailand won Taiwan 3-0. Set (Olympic Games) 18 August 2019: Thailand won Taiwan 3-1 set (AVC Cup) 23 September 2018: Thailand won Taiwan 3-0 set (Asian Championship) 11 August 2017: Thailand won Taiwan 3-0 Set (AVC Cup) 14 September 2016: Taiwan loses Thai 2-3 (Asian Championship) for Thai national women's volleyball team There is a program to meet with Taiwan on Wednesday 24 August 2022 at 15.00 hrs. Fans can watch live broadcast on One31 and PPTV 36 online.
It's time to build a family!"Sun Yeon-Jae" Angel Gymnastics Dan Ginseng entered the wedding (picture)|Gleaning the big news in the South Korean sport industry Last weekend, when Sunyeon-Jae, a former legendary legendary gymnastics gymnastics, reported from MT.co.kr, said that Sunyeon-Jae, 28 years old, joined the dormitory with a husband, businessman older than 9 years. The event does not allow general media to capture the atmosphere. Aside from the organizer that takes care of the work only In addition, only the family and close friends of the couple invited to attend the ceremony. There are also additional reports that The wedding couple donated 50 million won (about 1.35 million baht), which is a gift received at this wedding to the child hospital as well. Although there is no picture in the public, Sunyeon-Jae secretly captured some pictures. Especially her own pictures on Instagram Yeonjae_son, which reveals bright beauty The aura shines for the fans to have a lot of hearts. In the part of the lucky groom who has not seen a clear face. But the information states that the name Ejun-Hyo is the Korean manager of the US risk fund. And is also a famous financial businessman in South Korea's economic circles. For Sunyeon-Jae, she was born in Seoul on May 28, 1994, making a name since the period of being a youth by sweeping the various types of gymnastics. And with a cute face Making her reputation famous quickly on social media Especially since 2010 onwards, she is often attached to the number 1, 2, every time there is a voting for South Korean female athletes. Circally with Kim Yoon-Ah, the legendary Ice Ginseng, Son Yeon-Jae, officially turned his back to the gymnastics industry in 2017, with an outstanding performance of 11 gold medals in the Asian Championship since Year 2013-16, 1 Asian Games, 2014 and 1 Golden Corps, Gymnastics, World Championship 2014, which does not include her many other sub-awards medals that cannot be counted. To return to graduate at Yeonse University The country's top institutions Before opening his own gymnastics teaching institute called Leap Studio, but still acting as a sports agent And the event as the image of the South Korean Gymnastics Association Including work for charity as well
Be watched!Arsenal, with 20 teams surveillance, violating the UEFA Facial Fairplay rules.|Arsenal, the club of the English Premier League, is one of the 20 clubs that have been watched by The European Football Association (UEFA) is at risk of violating financial rules. The financial fanplay reported that the "cannon" is in the list from the proceeding to use the money to supplement the army in the 2021/22 season. Until this time, UEFA has not received the details of financial data. The complete version of these clubs in any way Therefore may not be able to decide for sure how all the clubs violate the rules Aside from being in the list of UEFA's caution by The Gunner It is reported that the loss in the 3 -year -old time under the value of up to 213 million pounds, while the UEFA regulations allow the loss of 30 million euros (about 25 million pounds). Said during the epidemic of the Quid -19, if it was a purchase of the tangible benefits in the female football team And the youth team. Arsenal is the club that uses the most money in Football market Summer before the value of 150 million pounds with the deal like Ben White, Martin Odest and Aron Rams Del, while the summer market has already stubborn the budget of 100 million pounds. With the Gabriel Chezus deal, Olexander Sinacho and Fabio Vieira reported that UEFA prepared to intervene in the 10 clubs that violate the financial rules in the C. 2020/21, the team is Barcelona, ​​Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus, Inter Milan to Roma.
Ngai is that?"Carragher" Liverpool has no new midfielder in this summer.|The former Liverpool quarterback and revealed his opinion about the final curve in the Premier League of Yergen Klopp. He believes that his old team will No new players have been purchased until the front summer. According to the report from Liverpool ECO, the Reds are experiencing many injured players in the middle. Most recently, Tiago Alkantara, who had to rest for 6 weeks, which has many voices calling for a new player before the market closed. However, Klopp has come out to talk about this. time Referred to that he will only buy players that are suitable for the club and the price. Carragher believes that they will not buy anyone until the summer. "I think they will go to the market if found players at Really want If that player can move the team now, regardless of the reason I'm sure they will strengthen the army in the middle of the summer. Which is the reason not to buy anyone in this summer, "said Carra.
Sharp form!"Bass-Pop" third round, "May" upside down "Jiu", the world champion|"Bass" Decha Phon Pua Warawaranukroh and "Por Por" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai, the number 1 hand mixed in the world and Teng 2 of the third finalists. In the world championship badminton competition "World Championship 2022" in Tokyo Japan on August 24, the type of "Bas-Pop" type, last year By bye in the first round Get off the second round, meet Choi Seoul, Gyu and Shin Sueng Chan, the 95th manual from South Korea. The Thai partner had slashed 2-1 wins in 2018. In this game, Bas-Pop is better to play 2 games in a row with 21-18, 21-18 scores. The final 16 rounds went to meet the winner between Hiroki Midorika, and Natsu Saito, 58 hands from Japan or Mark Lames Fusse and Isbel Lohaw, 12 worlds from Germany. The second round of "May", Ratchanok Inthanon, 8 worlds, defeating "Jiu" Pittayaporn Chaiyawan, ranked 20, 2-0 games 21-17, 21-17 and "Mew" Pornpawee Cho Chuwong, 10 hands, won the SIM Jin, 45 hands from South Korea, 2-1 games 18-21, 21-16, 21-10, a single male "View" Kulwut Wititsan 17, the world won Kodai. Nara Ooka, 31 worlds from Japan 2-0 games 21-18, 21-11, a couple type "Gift" Jongphan Kitithornkul and "View" Rawinda Prajai, 8 hands and the 7th place of Win Sitfati Ramada Chanthi and Ruba Suka, 28 hands, 2-1 from Indonesia, 2-1 games 21-15, 10-21, 21-15 and "Muna-Anna" Benyapa and Nanthakan Iam 29. The world lost to Matsumoto and Wakana Nakahara, 6 hands from Japan 17-21, 18-21.
Cute and brutal punch!"Aida Sai Sai Din", the first female boxer, won the Ratchadamnoen stage (picture)|Became immediately interested for "Aida Sai Sai Din", a young boxer who made a new history in the Thai boxing industry. After the inscription is the first girl fist to win the Ratchadamnoen stage in the 77th round, with a 20 -year -old female boxer beat Sarah Vanum Muay Thai boxer from Iran. In the flyweight version of the RWS: Rajadamnern World Series on August 5, for Aida, the real name is Kulnat Yuhan Rambutan is the 13th child of all 16 people of Nopparit Yuhan Rambutan, head of the Sai Sai Boxing Camp. Which aside from the skills on the arena that are extraordinary Her face is considered cute. I don't believe it.
Bad in every dimension!Wife drained for a long time "Di Maria" came to the Red Devils because of money (picture)|Although Manchester United will trade in the football market with Real Madrid often. But believe that one of the deals that causes resentment for the Red Devils followers Would definitely not escape the deal of Angde Maria, the Argentina national team wing from Real Madrid to Manchester United in 2014 with the club statistics. Ready to receive the number 7 shirt, but instead made a disappointing work. Finally, moved out to Paris Saint-Germain. In the following years, many years have passed. But this story is still being talked about, and Jerto Cardoso, the wife of Di Maria, emphasized the same wound in an interview with Lam, Argentina's famous TV show. The life of England is a nightmare. And her husband moved with the Red Devils team because of "money" only. "One day, Angklia came to me and said - See this proposal from Manchester United.- At first I refused. Because he didn't want to go, but Angel then urged them together It was a great value than Real Madrid, and then we went. Because if there is a new place to present a salary of 2 times more than before, who will not go? "" At first I thought it shouldn't be difficult to adjust because we had a nina Maradona (Disco Marado's daughter Na Na and former wife of Sergio Akevaro, former Manchester City striker) was there, but after traveling - vacation - at Manchester for 1 year, I can say that -If you have to migrate anywhere but not English-"" I can say that hate there. People look weird. Walking around, inviting to be suspicious that someone will kill you. The food is disgusting. Women also look like ancient objects in Angle and I was in Madrid. We are with the best team in the world. The food is delicious. The weather is good. Everything is good. Until the proposal from United came in. "" I told him that - no, don't go - but he said that the proposal will give us even more financial stability and we have to go. I don't blame him about it. There But I told him -my beloved, I want to commit suicide. Just two o'clock in the afternoon there is already dark-"At present, Angle Di Maria moved from PSG after the contract expired with Juventus, while Manchester United got the former Real Madrid player. Another team, when Casemiro, the Brazilian national team, moved to join the fresh Old Trafford, until Di Maria's wife was in the media to tell the nightmare story. English again
no problem!"Thai girl volleyball" in Taiwan, round the first round of the AVC Cup 2022|2022 AVC Cup Women's Volleyball Competition in the Philippines Arena, Pasik, Philippines "Thai national women's volleyball team" on the second game, meet Taiwan, the 57th team in the world on Wednesday 24 August 2022. This game "Urgent Coach" Danai Srivachara Methakul Send the first player, consisting of Pornphan Kerdpra, Scholars, Boonlert, Chatch Churamoksri, Pimphichaya Gum, Sasipaporn Chantawit, Watchariya Nuancham and Piyanuch Pae Noi. The first line of Libor Set, a superior Thai girl, led 9-6, then continued to score 16-11, even the Taiwanese team. Will try to pressure to chase into 17-21, but not before the Thai team closed the game to win 25-20 sets. Two Thai teams came out to score 7-4 before leaving to 17-10, ready to lead 20-12 first. Beat another 25-18 up. Bring 2-0, hold the advantage clearly. The game image in the tree is always close. 5-5, then is a Thai girl who tears to score 16-11 before closing the game to win another 25-16. Victory 3-0. The first round for the Thai national team has a program to enter the field in the first round. Meet the 3rd team of Group A on Saturday 27 August 2022 (broadcast on Channel One31 and PPTV 36 online).
What happened?"Alizon" points to Liverpool, what is the problem in this season?|Liverpool's goalkeeper Alizon Backer came out to admit that his team was all captured by other teams. And resulting in having to encounter difficulties And unable to collect the results as needed after the Premier League game that was defeated by Manchester United last night, according to the report from Liverpool ECO, the team of Yergen Klopp has not won anyone. In the first 3 games of the season, they attacked by the Red Devils team with 2-1 score in the red boiling battle on Monday night, making only 2 points and the 16th place in the table is currently Lisson. Gave an interview after the game, believing that the work of this season, one of them came from many teams began to catch the way and the game was solved until they were able to divide or overcome them. "Many teams Play with us They know how we will play. And try to make use of that point And use it with us Most of them are effective. But sometimes we are punished by those things And this is what happened tonight. "" Sometimes we need more perfection in the game. It is difficult to do that. But as the team that we have been together We can do and can develop. We just have to work hard in our play. In everything and playing games for playing football. "" How can we change it? With our attitude that has changed Sometimes, during the game, we cause a little mistake, but it can also be punished with you, "said Alizon.
Newcastle is almost bad!Slashing 2-1 The League Cup battle|Newcastle invaded the 2-1 to win the transaction of the transaction in the next round of Carabao Cup 2022/23, the Carabao Cup 2022/23, the second round. It is the meeting of the Tran Mee Rovers, League Two team. Received the visiting team of Newcastle in the Premier League, beginning the game, becoming the home team, Tranmee Rovers, brought 1-0 before the goal of Elliot Nevitt. The 21st minute before Chamlas Sales came to shoot Newcastle, as a rival 1-1 in the 40th minute, then ending the first half with this score. Bringing Newcastle to overtake 2-1, then there is nothing more. The game is ending as Newcastle, slashing, winning the 2-1 Tran Mer Rovers. Forest Green 0-3 Brighton VCom 1-3 Bristilley 3-1 Barnee
"Supawut" comeback!Blue Wave Chon Buri won 8-0 in the Thai League|Summary of the Futsal Thai League 2022, the 12th match of the Blue Wave Chon Buri season, wielding a cross -legged position in the Port Authority of Thailand, Futsal Thai League 2022, the final second match, Match Day 12 at the Sports 1 Sport Building. Angkharak, Nakhon Nayok, "Pirate Warrior" Black Pearl United lost "Thep Phra Chai", a cold room, 3-4 cool rooms, across 4 goals from Athipong Munplai, Nor. 9, Attarat Asawong Rat 23, Sikkasakaprom Anong, Nor. 33 and Witthaya Duangphu, Chang Chang Chai, 40, while Black Pearl United got 3 goals from Jatinan, Raksap 4, Thanawat Kerd Bang Ran. .15 , ณรงค์ศักดิ์ วิงวอน น.33 โดยเกมนี้ เจริญพงศ์ ประสานสัตย์ ผู้รักษาประตู The cold room was hit by a red card. 14. As for the Big Mice, another pair of the stadium warehouse "Lek Ling Ling Khlong Toei" ASM Port Authority, who is still not defeated by the house, "The Knights of the capital" Bangkok. BTS 1-1, the visiting team led before from Rodriginho, 25 before Watchara Lai Sri, rival to the ASM Port Authority. Seam, Floor 12, Kasem Bundit, Romklao Campus "Small table, Romklao" Kasem Bundit FC lost "Small desk" Blue Wave 0-8, which Blue Wave Chon Buri sent "Thep Arm" Supawut Barban in the first game after recovering the surgery and doing Can also go to the goal with 8 goals from Ronachai Longwongsuk, 2 Gate, Nor. 8, Nor. 21, Warut Wang Samel, 15, Suphakorn Sangum, 31, Apiwat Chaemcharoenn. 37, Supawut Rueng Klang, Nor. 37, Theerapong Chantasakulwiboon Making the goal itself. 38 and Panas Kitti Phanuwong, 40, which gives the 3 team head team with the same 30 points, Blue Wave, Chon Buri, Tha Kham and Port ASM. At the goal-Blue Wave Chon Buri is the best, making it back as a leader. "The Black Panther of the Western" Futsal Thai Army loses "Horse, mother, mother, dome", Thammasat, Stalion 4-5, "Lightning" Surat Thani won "Pung Destroyer" Nonthaburi 5-2, "Aswin" Maha Sarakham lost to "Takhan Nam", the Royal Navy 0-3 and "Orange Eagles", the Futsal Club won the "Ai Young Phet", Phetchaburi Rajabhat H3 5-1.
The big Thai national team called the attacking game "Lightning" Wading King Cup.|From the 4 -door scored from the first 2 games, the Thai League 2022/2023 of Supachai Jai Jai, and 1 assist of Suphanat, like the eyes, causing Buriram United to lead the crowd with 6 full points. The Thai national team manager put the names of the two players in the Kings Cup in Chiang Mai as well. Both of them, including the new Rattanakon, Kami will not play the Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2022 because the club will be sent to practice with Leicester City, a total of 40 days to return to the second leg for "Madam Paeng" Nuanphan Lamsam will act as Only one big team manager Due to the increasing mission Both business work And work for public benefits in many ways, including health problems After he was addicted to the orbit in June, there was a complication problem. The physical health has not returned to 100% well, so they are worried that they may take care of both teams. Both the national team and the age of not over 23 years old, not thoroughly as before. The big set has a war-up program, FIFA Day between 20-26 September 2022 in Chiang Mai, with 4 teams participating in Thailand (hosts). , Malaysia, Tajikistan and Trinidet Tobo, as well as the Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2022, which will be divided into the group on August 30, including the final 2023 Asian Championship in Next year as well. He also trusts and encourages Mano Polling to be a manager.
It's crazy!Chelsea is brutal.|"Fox" Leicester City, the famous English Premier League club, is still hard to choose from not releasing the French French French out of the team. After rejecting the third round of proposal from Chelsea, the 21 -year -old foama has a contract with Leicester City to the middle of 2027. This negotiation depends on the agency that needs to be released at a price. According to the report from BBC, Chelsea has submitted the third offer for a total of nearly 80 million pounds, but it is not satisfactory. And was rejected back from Leicester Chelsea still wanting to add a new support from the loss of many players. In which they just got Kalidu Kulibali and Mark Coorella in the support of the event as well And hoping to sign a contract with Fafana to enter the club's future in the long run And the players wish to move to play with Chelsea as well But with long -term contracts, everything is up to Leicester by the latest game they lose. Southampton 1-2, the French defender is not named in the team for a reason for the concentration of the players, not ready for the field. Chelsea is still in the trading market. Although investing more than 170 million pounds, they still need a new striker. And may include another midfielder other than Fahana in the defensive position as well
Bored of reserve!"Biyi" rocking the marksey contract with a loan contract.|Manchester United Football Club of the English Premier League football The green light in releasing the 28 -year -old Eric Biyi Prakan, scooping the Olympic Marxi under the loan agreement, this season, Biyi has been with the Red Devils since 2016 after reaching the movement agreement. From the Barreal, the army under the value of around 30 million pounds, which previously referred to as the news with Fulm in the early trading market. This summer before becoming the OEM that grabbed the center back of the Ivy Coast national team to join the team. The club announced just a borrowing of options to buy, but James trapger from Telegraph added that there is a condition for the price of 6 million euros. The Champions League and Bai Green have played according to the amount specified. The Ivory Coast national team will come to wear the number 3 shirt at Mark Sei, which says that the giants from the league Will be all wages But do not have to pay the loan United, Baiyi is one of the first new contractors of Jose Mourinho when Sergeant Mu Mu Kum, Red Devils before becoming one of the team's keys. But the injury has been attacked since his 2nd season in the Old Trafford until he could not stand for the team continuously. With Manchester United tied to the year 2024 after he had just expanded the pen with the Red Devils in April 2021.
"Sarach" has a precious experience in the AFC Champions League.|Sarach is in the middle of the midfielder of the BG Pathum United club, revealing that the team has a precious experience after the 8 teams in the AFC. The Champions League 2022 is confident that the team will be stronger than before. Ready to go back to focus on the Thai League competition in the 2022-23 season to win all three champions. "The game with Urawa is a fun game and is our challenge to meet the leading Asian teams. Everyone knows that before our game is inferior. Which throughout the game, we try to do our best Try to play the coach's tactics. "" But must admit that competitors do better than us. And that we would be eliminated, but personally, I didn't feel sorry But see that we have a precious experience that we have arrived this time And hoping that we will return to develop the team better to return to this event again in 2021. We crushed 16 teams, but this year (2022), we have a goal to do better, trying to pass the 8th round. The team is for the honor of all of us and we can succeed. This shows that we develop and if there is a chance to come back to this competition again, we will definitely do better. "In addition The Thai national team midfielder also mentioned the goal of the team from now on "From now on, we have to go back to focus in the domestic competition. Of course, this year is heavier than last year. Because each team has developed and has a stronger reinforcement It is another challenge for me and my teammates to go back to compete. Our goal this year is to want to win all domestic championships. Although it is a difficult job But everyone is determined and wants to make the team successful this year. And come back to compete AFC Champions League again, which is something that we have to continue working hard.
This hour must be him!"Tank" Thai boxer who has the most famous opportunities in America in this era|"Di Ironman" Tang Chit Muang Non, the World Championship, One Muay Thai, Flyweight, is reputed to have a fighting style, which has become a unique identity and can impress both Thai and international sports fans. He is the number one magnetic superstar that competes at One to compete. Thailand, which brought the art of Muay Thai to spread to the sports fans around the world impressively, in the One TNT I, which was held to invade the Uncle Sam's market for the first time in April 2021. The tank was only Thai athletes. The only one that has been selected to represent the country to show the art of Mae Muay Thai through the American TV during Prime Times. (When the most viewers) by being paired with "Daniel Williams", a Thai-Australian fighter It is well known that in the United States, it is more popular with MMA fighting (MMA), but the tanks can announce the potential to the world that What is the original authentic Thai boxing and it appears that the tank became a new beloved fighter that night immediately? After the end of the battle, the tank has a fan of the Mama sports and from all over the world to follow up the social media accounts increased in hundreds of thousands and the name of "Di Ironman" has been said since then. In addition to the style of the punch that is pleasing to the audience The skill of the tank is even more unusual. Because he is known as the world champion who spell the word "losing". 11 fighting in the Muay Thai rules on the One stage and there is no sign of any competitors in the generation to resist his strong form. At this point, the tank is power. Will come back to ratings from the Phaya Sintari fans again In the semi -finals, One Muay Thai, World Grand Prix (61.2 kg), will meet "Savas Michael", a young boxing from Cyprus in one first night 1: Adere. Yano vs Dimitrees II, which will be broadcasted live in America Prime. The important thing of this battle is the first time that One will publish a full live competition via Prime Video Platform Street Freshman, Amazon's world -class sports, which is in accordance with the memorandum of agreement between One and Prime Video. In addition to the superstars like a tank, there is also "Nong Oo Grilled Chicken" World Champion of One Muay Thai Boxing Bantamweight together "Super Lek Kiat Moo 9", another World Grande Prix Thai Boxing Competitor at As well as joining forces to announce the potential of national martial arts to the world's eyes as well Join the cheering of Muay Thai to be loud in the battle. One Fight Night 1: Adriano VS Dimitrey II on Saturday 27 Aug 65, live the first couple at 7:00 am, which can be watched through the channel. The following way 1) YouTube One Championship (only Thailand) 2) Watch.onefc.com (Pay for viewing) 3) AIS Play (only AIS customers) 4) Thairath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22.30 hrs.
Still not satisfied!Forest hopes to sign a new football. The 17th hope to close the "instead of each other.|Knotting Ham Forest has not finished buying a team, even though he has signed up to 16 players. Most recently, negotiating to grab the top of the Tottenham Hotels. Spurs come to work. The 23 -year -old receiver is the sculpture of the club with a contract to the middle of the year 2025. However, he fell out of the team of Antonio Conte and was not involved with the game this season as reported. From the Atletic, the Knoting Ham Forest is ready to negotiate with Spurs at this deal, which is expected to be around 16 million pounds. The quarterback played 19 games in every list last year with Spurs also received the attention of Bournemouth, AC Milan, as well as Napoli as well. Club director Have experienced working in Serie A for over 10 years, making him news with the team in Italy. In the position of the Spurs, there are Christian Romero, Eric Diar, Davin Son Sanchez and Glemont Longt as an alternative to the face of each other.
Cute!"Nong Pura", the middle daughter "Coach Zico".|Having said that, growing up as a girl for "Nong Por" Athicha Sena, the daughter of "Coach Zico" Kiatisak Senamuang, the former legendary center of the Thai national team. And skilled coaches in the Thai football industry by the latest The middle daughter of the coach Show off the pictures of the summer on the sea swimsuit. In this event, "Ple" Aasarapa Sena, the mother, even having to post the daughter that "Next time, go to the sea, put on long legs glue Turtleneck. "By" Nong Praj ", at the age of 19, the middle daughter of the Sena family. Is the sister of "Piran" Krittaya Senamuang and is the sister of "Pearl" Muktapha Sena Muang, who must say that this event is cute, the whole house for "The Holy Ceylon Masters" Kiatisak Senamuang, former 49-year-old Thai national team manager, is currently in controlling the Hong-Ya Ya Lai team in the Vietnam Vietnam, which is a club that has traveled to football in 2002-2006, won the V. 2 leagues and 2 Vietnamese champions of the Vietnam Super Cup. In addition, the Hong Anahlai army has been in 2 times in 2006 and 2010.
Shine "Sponsor on the field name" in the Spanish league|Modern football industry Which became a full business. Many clubs began to look for new ways That will increase more income Aside from the income on the competition day And the live -broadcasting of television, although the "home stadium" is one of the most important assets of the football club. But there are a few clubs Who chose to sell the copyright name of the field To business organizations In exchange for the benefits that will come in the 2022/23 season. There are 3 clubs from the Laliga Santander, which has the name of business sponsor. Included in the name of the home stadium, including Barcelona, ​​Atletico Madrid and Almeria. There is still an Ebisa club. From the Laliga Smartbank, which changed the name of the home to "Paladium Candy", according to the name of Palladium, a hotel business brand from Ebicza Island in Spain for 3 previous seasons. There was a club in La Liga. Which has changed the name of the field according to the sponsor, such as Celta Big, which changed the name "Abanga Balai Doz", according to the name of ABANCA, the financial company of Spain or the case of Real Society. With the name of the field "Real Arena" comes from Reale Seguros, Spanish insurance companies, including Real Mayorca, which changed its name to "Bisit Mayor Estadi" to promote Baruse tourism. Losa: Sport Camp Nou in March, Barcelona has reached an agreement with the famous Spotify Streaming platform from Sweden. In becoming a sponsor for the club Signed a long -term contract up to 12 years or ending in the year. 2034 is the first time in Barca's history. That will use the name of the sponsor together with the name of the stadium, that is, "Sport Camp Nu", which will take the funds to carry out the ESPAI BARCA project to improve the competition. And the area around Lapport, the president of the club "Chao Bun Thum" revealed that "This is our historical deal. This cooperation will make the fans closer to the club. With the combination of entertainment and football. "Atletico Madrid: Zi Balitano, at the end of July, Atletico Madrid has a new sponsor to support Cívitas. Famous real estate development company in Spain Signed for a period of 10 years, causing the competition of At. Madrid has changed its name to "Zibit Metropolitano" according to the name of the new supporter. Along with the implementation of the project to build a new training center Including the home team of the 6,000 backup team, Ale Han Droola, the president of "Zibitas", said "We will cooperate with Atletico Madrid to bring modern technology. Used to create sustainability for people Both health and environment. "Almeria: Power Horse Stadium Almeria The new team that has been promoted to the highest league this season has changed the name of the home stadium to "Power Horse Stadium", from the name of "Power Horse", a brand of energy drink from Austria Mo. Hummate El Assei CEO of "The Ingos" said, "We are very pleased that Power Horse has trusted to support the club. To achieve great goals from now on. "
Let's wait!Look at the 4 lottery bowls. UEFA Champions League 2022/23 tonight.|Real Madrid can defeat Liverpool 1-0 to win the UEFA Champions League 2021/22. At the end of May But both of them still have the opportunity to meet in the UEFA Champions League group stages, dividing teams in the group lottery groups of the UEFA Champions League 2022/23 for the team. In the 1st jar will be a championship team from the leading league in Europe. Plus the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League 8 teams, consisting of Manchester City, Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, AC Milan, Paris Saint- Germain, FC Porto, Amax Amsterdam and Aintrak Front, while the team in the 2nd, 3 and 4 teams will be arranged according to the club's coefficient, which in the jar 2nd confirmed that it would be as follows: Liverpool, Chelsea, Barcelona, ​​Juventus, Atletico Madrid, Air Belezig, Seibiya and Tottenham Hotels. Persia 3 - Borussia Dortmund (Germany), Red Bull Salzburg (Austria), Chuckar Donetsk (Ukraine), Inter Mi Lan (Italy), Napoli (Italian), Ben Pheu (Portugal), Sporting Lisbon (Portugal), Bayer Leverkusen (Germany) 4 - Olympic Marcse (France), Club Broch (Belgium), Glasgow Celtic (Scotland), Makkabi Haifa (Israel), Victoria Palsen (Czech Republic), Rangers (Scotland), Kopenhagen (Denmark), Dinamo Zagarb (Croatia) for the lottery criteria is Teams that come from the same country will not meet or be in the same group in this group stage competition. Dividing the car in the lottery will find that Real Madrid and Liverpool may have the opportunity to orbit to meet since the group stages. If the lucky horoscope meets the lottery for the UEFA Champions League 2022/23, the group stage will be held on 25 August at 11:00 pm.
unfortunate!"Ratchanok" defeated "Michelle Lee" falls 16 people. Finally, the World Championship|Badminton competition "Toy BW World Championship 2022" or the World Championship in Tokyo Metro Pollitan Gymnasium, Tokyo, Japan The final 16 female singles type "May" Ratchanok Inthanon, the 8th hand of the world's 8th hand show, meets Michelle Lee, 13 of the world's 13th hand show from Canada. But in the end, the Lee side that won 2-1 games with a score of 25-23, 16-21 and 21-13, resulting in Ratchanok having to stop the world championship rating only in the last 16 rounds.
What did you do?Look at the latest "Sanga", the most stable face (picture)|Should be familiar with each other quite a bit for "Sang Ah", a beautiful girl in South Korean Muay Thai Having said that, her character is outstanding. In addition, that ability, the teacher level, which is She is a famous yoga teacher of Dan Kimchi. Until more than 3.2 hundred thousand Sanga_yonini Instagram followers, and at Sang-A Yonini, with almost 4.6 hundred thousand followers, the reason that she became a celebrity in the Kimchi yogi industry. Came from a unique appearance With extraordinary yoga style With very high skills and flexibility It can be said that the Sanga girl can play every position that is in the textbook that has received content in the latter. Of her in a more diverse form Which must say that the response pleasing the fan club Because moving forward, releasing sexy But still looks cute, bright, humor, and most importantly Various yoga positions That she presents easy to understand Although some people who want to try to do it may be a bit tired. Sanga has some changes that fans don't have to observe, but are eye -catching. That is a bigger chest. Which is possible that she has added Consistent with the previous that she had said to be satisfied in her body, everything Except for this part that she thinks that if there is a little more, it will make her more confident. For those who want to follow her yoga and beautiful pictures Can follow the link above Ensure that you will definitely not beat and beat in her style.
Arguing the whole world!The "Torres" rhythm of the Knock "opportunities" Baz "World Boxing Fight (Clip)|Became an issue in the world's fist industry immediately for the boxing partner between the US fist and Christian BAE, the Venezuela fighter in a 10 -lift at the Omega Production arena. California on Saturday 20 August, with the problem of the problem occurred during the 7th round when the brakes stopped the game. Before the boxers touched the mites together as a new beginning. Get up before losing the knock, which after the 24 -year -old fighter who wins in this fight and creating a statistics to win the 19th fight, "The first rule of boxing is that you must be ready to protect yourself all the time. If on the arena Which this fight, we do a great job. "This event caused the fist fans to break into two parties whether the rhythm was appropriate or not. "Cheat boxer in the fist industry" while some people think it is normal for fighting. "It's not cheating. You are in a fight And touched the mites together. "
Port check the fit "Hamilton", Prachuap Duel, which accelerates the score.|Representatives of the Port Authority of FC and PT Prachuap FC attended the Revo Thai League Meet The Warriors on 25 August 2022 at 13.00 hrs., Thai League Company Limited together with Toyota Motor Thailand Company Limited, held a press conference online. Revo Thai League Meet The Warriors before the Thai League Race, 2022/23, match 3, between the Port FC, found PT Prachuap FC in Matthew Mark Holland, assistant coach of the Port Authority of FC. Gave an interview that "In the first game we encountered with Lamphun Warier, our problem is to score goals. This game we can't score goals. Our chances are quite a lot. Which here we will speed up the team tuning Practice going to score goals To prepare to meet with PT Prachuap FC this weekend. PT Prachuap FC has good foreign players. Including many Philippines players attached to the national team Resulting in the team's level as well as a foreign player of PT Prachuap, who has set up Carabu and Samuel Rosa, both are good players. For our team, we will always study how to play and the form of the competitor's team. Both of them have been experienced in Thailand for many years. Will find a way to come with both of them for Hamilton Sorares. Now there will be continuous practice He is in the basic practice. Must see if he can practice fully or not But we hope that he can enter the field to help us this weekend has already studied the form of the competitor's plan. For our team, there is already a strength to play. Hopefully Hamilton will help us to finish the score. I do not see that it is the advantage or disadvantage to have more time to rest. On the occasion, we may have many consecutive games per week. We only see how our team will adjust to deal with the game this week. Football fans are one of the important parts to drive the Thai football industry. I hope that all fans will come back to cheer at Pat. A lot of stadiums To be suitable for almost 3 years away with the spread of viruses Ok-91 ". As for the side of Suthee Suksomkit, the representative from PT Prachuap FC said," The main thing is a pure confidence. Everyone can play according to the map. But without a door The game is quite pressure. We play in the first game home. We need a lot of goals. But what he had returned may not be what he had hoped for. But the players and coaches didn't look there. We look at the next game. We always watch competitors with Lamphun Warier. He has a problem with the score. But his attacking game is still diverse But we are prepared to play with him Can get the points from him to both teams, have good and complete foreign players Especially the national window center that makes the attacking game diverse We have our way of playing and we are confident in foreign players, including all Thai players. That is ready to play as a team We hope that we will have a good work to meet with the port this weekend, everyone still has confidence in playing both and still confident in the score. We have a lot of opportunities, but we can't score goals. Personally, everyone is still confident. We change quite a lot. But overall, well adapted Personally, players will adjust to the game tactics per game more than Chakrit Lapharakul. There is a problem with the muscles. Think of having to treat for a while to come back to help the field. Having said that, everyone on my team still thinks Everyone still has the opportunity to play. It depends on the form of playing in each match and the practice each day. Coach Joe also sees that everyone is still important. This may not be the best player. It is about the PRE Season training that is doing well each day and is appropriate for the game that we visit. As for the next game, it must depend on what the coach Joe will adjust with the methods and the play that we have played, but what is not the result of the competition. Our way of playing is still confident in the team. Leave to all football fans. If you can't see it on the field, you can cheer us through AIS Play, but if you have a chance to go, we want to cheer everyone. We will do good work. We will get the points at Pat Stadium. "For the Revo Program, the Thai League 2022/23 week 3, the 3rd week is as follows: Friday 26 August 2022 19.00 Port FC meets PT Prachuap A. FC at Pat Stadium, live broadcast on AIS Play on Saturday 27 August 2025 18.00 Sukhothai FC Meet Khon Kaen United at Thale Luang Stadium, live broadcast on PPTV HD36 and AIS Play 18.30 Lampang FC. Rubling United at the Lampang Central Stadium, live broadcast on AIS Play 19.00 Chon Buri FC, found Buriram United at Chon Buri UTA Stadium, live broadcast on AIS Play on Sunday 28 August 2022 18.00 Ratchaburi. Sei met Lamphun Warrior at Mitr Phol Stadium, live broadcast on the 5th and AIS Play 18.30, Nakhon Ratchasima, Mazda FC, met Muang Thong United at Chalerm Phrakiat 80th Anniversary, broadcasting AIS Play 19.00 Leo Chiang Rai United Meet Nong Bua Phichay FC at Leo Chiang Rai Stadium, live broadcast on PPTV HD36 and AIS Play.
Familiar people!"Varan" revealed the incident "Casemiro" to join the Manchester United army.|Rafael Van, French defense Revealing the reason for choosing Casemiro's team to work with Manchester United. This season, Casemiro, 30 -year -old announced the official launch with the team before the game Manchester United opened. The house won Liverpool 2-1, which he moved to join the team with a total value of 70 million pounds and signed a 3-year contract with his new club. Here, he will meet the old friends in the Real Madrid team, Cristiano Ronaldo, including the 2018 World Championship. And very satisfied that he came to play together again. "It is very exciting. I know his quality very well. He can bring balance in our game as a fighter, so I am confident that Casemiro will be happy with playing football in England. "" I know him well. He moved and watched the game in Old Trafford, the latest game (with Liverpool). It was a perfect night. The most excellent atmosphere. "" He doesn't need me to help. I know how he feels from choosing to move here. After passing life in Madrid He wants a new challenge for himself. And that is the reason for moving the team. "" It's similar to the story that has happened to me before. I wish him success and of course we talked a lot. But it's not about moving the team. "
This deal is serious!Famous journalists revealed Manchester United negotiating to grab "Watch Browga" to join the team.|"Red Devils" Manchester United, the famous English Premier League club, is interested in Martin Dua Dua Browa, the old goalkeeper of Newcastle United, joining the team from the report. Di Athletic, a famous British Isles by Eric Ten Hak, the Dutch team manager. Would like to have a Slovakia Come to pressure the duty And is the motivation for David De Gea, a Spanish one hand After now, the first team of the team is continuous without competitors. In the past, "Red Devils" have news with many Dan Dan, including Kevin Trupp, German goalkeeper. Frankfurt and Yan Somer, Switzerland national team, Switzerland Dizzy, such as Ladbak But in the end, both were not interested in moving to a second hand in the Old Trafford. Brave Ga joins the team and officially submitted to Newcastle. For Martin Du Brove, the Blowga has to be a substitute in St. James Park after the club seized. British national team goalkeeper
Open all warpis. Visiting the ONE battle for 2 lives, 2 days, 26-27 Aug.|Championship Day prepares to explode the battle of the ultimate live with 2 big battle for 2 consecutive days. Starting from One 160: Ox VS Christian II on Friday 26 August 2022 and One Fight Night 1: Ah Diarino VS Dimitrey II on Saturday 27 August 2022 and this is the method of watching the two matches that we have collected only for Thai sports fans. Ready to update the latest competition program Check here in one place. Know about! 160: Ox vs Christians II on Friday 26 Aug 65, starting at 18:30 hrs. The Wate, who came to retrieve the throne from "Ook Ryun", the owner of the current belt, and the second partner is the Fighter World Championship between "Than Lae", the current throne and the number challenger. One of the strong force from the Shaolin "Tang Kai" that cannot be missed is the battle of the eyes of the two Thai boxing skills "Sema Petch Fairx" and "Rit Phet Phet Yinnami" with the number one chair of the force. King One Muay Thai Bantamweight Is a betting channel - Facebook One Championship Thailand at 18:30 hrs. - One Championship at 18:30 hrs. (Only Thailand)- AIS Play at 18:30 hrs. Live broadcast of all pairs (only AIS customers)- Thairath TV Channel 32, watch back at 21:30 hrs.- Watch.onefc.com (Pay for viewing) Update all competition programs. One 160: Ox VS Christians II-Ek Ook Ryun VS Christian Lee (One Light World Championship MMA)- Secondary partner Than Le VS Tang Kai (World Championship World Championship, Flat model)- Rit Diamond Petch Yinnami VS Camera Petch Fair Tex (Muay Thai Boxing)- Amir Khan Nuzaba (MMA Featherweight)- Paul Elliot VS Martin Baur (MMA Hawwet)- Renato Kanuto vs Tom Messees ( Wrestle, Lock Weight Log)- Thales Nakusu vs Kantraja (MMA Flyweight), One Fight Night 1: Adriano vs Dimitrey II One Saturday 27 Aug 65, starting at 07:00 hrs. The major partner of the program is an open -eye battle between "Adriano Muras", the current world champion with "Dimitrey John. The ridge "legendary world champion of the American side With the World Championship Belt, the Flyweight model is the same as the first time. By the world champion killing not to die. "Nong Oh, the five -star grilled chicken" has returned to protect the 6th championship with the veteran boxer from the elite "Liam Harrison". Lert One Muay Thai World Grand Prix, in the Flyweight model, "In the AM line," Tang Muang Chitranon "clashing" Savas Michael ", a young boxing from Cyprus, while" Super Lek Kiat Moo 9 "will duel boiling. And "Walter Gon Salwess" in the B -B. Competition with "Phan Phayak Chit Muangnon" who will fight for the reserve chair of the tournament with "Share Cabutov" From Kexis, Watching- Facebook One Championship Thailand at 07:00 hrs. Live live only. Imported- YouTube One Championship at 07:00 hrs. (Only Thailand)- AIS Play at 07:00 hrs. Live broadcast of all pairs (only AIS customers)- Thairath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22:30 hrs.- Watch.onefc.com (Pay for viewing) Update all competition programs. One Fight Night 1: Adriano vs Dimitrey II in the show- Audrey No Mora S Mitriez Johnson (World Championship One MMA Flyweight MMA)- Vice-starry, five-star grilled chicken, VS Liam Harrison (World Championship, One Muay Thai Boxing)- Car Tang Chit Muang Non vs Savat Michael (Muay Thai World Grand Prix, Flyweight, semifinals). - Amir Al-Akabari VS Mawaro Seri (MMA Haveweight)- Super Lek Kiat Village, Voltor Voltor Gon Salwes (Muay Thai World Grand Prix Flyweight version of the semifinals) imported program - Phan Phayakchit Muangnon vs Share Sod Caboth (Muay Thai World Grand Prix Flyweight) - Diandra Mar Tin vs Amber Kitchen (Muay Thai 128 P.)- Itti Hira Tata vs Lin Hero (MMA Model atom Women)- Sebati Tian Kadestam Picus (MMA Welterweight) Follow more details on Facebook One Championship Thailand and OneFC.com/th website.
Southern tigers, aliens, big snakes!Lottery division of UEFA Champions League 2022/23|The greatest club football competition in Europe, UEFA Champions League is coming back to fight again this season. And this is the lottery results in the group stages that have just passed, fresh, hot, the most interesting group is inevitable that the G group is raised to be a group of off Death or the group of death. When the European giant team like Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Inter Milan have to live together in the old champion, Real Madrid found a test that is not difficult. When in the same line as the Air Bei Lipzig, Chucka Donets and Celtic, while Liverpool, Liverpool, met a rock job since the first round. When they were in the same line as a strong team, Ajax Amsterdam, Napoli and Rangers, two famous teams from England, Chelsea and Manchester City are in a line that is not difficult and not too easy. The first team must meet with the heaviest competitors, AC Milan, and the latter team has duel with Sevilla and Borussia Dortmund. /23 Group A: Ajax Amsterdam, Liverpool, Napoli, Rangers Group B: Porto, Atletico Madrid, Bayer Leverkusen, Group C Club: Bayern Munich, Barcelona, ​​Inter Milan, Victoria Pleinsen Group: Etrakt Frankfurt, Tottenham Hotspur, Sporting Lisbon , Olympics, Marxi Group E: AC Milan, Chelsea, Salzburg, Dinamo Sagarb Group F: Real Madrid, Air Beleipzig, Sa Cotocarcar, Celtic Group G: Manchester City, Sevilla, Borussia Dortmund, FC Copenhagen, H: Paris Saint-Share Group, Juventus, Ben Phevika, Makabi Haifa. In the group stage, there are basic competition days. As follows: Matchday 1: 6/7 September Matchday 2: 13/14 September Matchday 3: 4/5 October Matchday 4: 11/12 October Matchday 5: 25/26 October MatchDay 6: 1/2 November
Rumor, Liverpool, throwing a deal, hoping to worship Man U grab "Frankie De Young"|Liverpool Football Club The news has submitted a 60 million pound to Barcelona to consider to grab Frankie de Young to join the army after the person being linked to Manchester United Football Club English Premier League football Thick ears throughout the period Football market Previously, Barca responded to 85 million euros (about 72 million pounds) from Manchester United. It was completed. The 25 -year -old midfielder became the target of the Red Devils under the control of Eric Tenhak's army, but until the deal did not pass. In the midst of De Yong's wages and the Azulgrana army, while the Red Devils's UEFA Champions League is expected to be another important problem in this latest deal. The Dutch midfielder in Camp Nou, reported that the agency wanted to release him from the team. As well as pressure on the person to respond to the wages that are less than the current contract if wanting to stay with the next team While the report from Di Athletic indicates that Gaasemo's arrival in Old Trafford has made them withdrawn in deals. Point out that the Reds have submitted 53 million pounds to the 7 million pound bonus options to Barca in this deal. After the team of Yergen Klopp encountered many players in the midfield position. Until unable to enter the field to help the team, the media suggests that the Radmachine is involved in the program Champions League It may be an important part, causing De Yong to consider them as an option that is suitable for moving.
Pepe agreed to reduce the farewell to Arsenal.|Nicolas Pepsin farewell to Arsenal. Returned to play in the Ligue France by moving to work with Nice in a loan. The 27 -year -old year has a contract with Arsenal until mid -2024. However, the 72 million pounds of the club statistics can not do. Impressive throughout the 3 seasons with the team by last season. He only participated in the team and only 8 games played. In this new season, he has not played even a minute.
Open the terms ... Head, Chang Chang U23, who is good ..?|Regarding the Thai national team under the age of 23, there is currently no trainer after "Madam Paeng" Nuanphan Lamsam announced the withdrawal of the team manager. Make the new general recruitment It is the duty of the Football Association, in accordance with the regulations of the AFC, stating that those who will act to have a license to be an AFC 'Pro' lice if not counting foreign coaches. Currently, authentic Thai coaches There are a total of 30 "Pro Lines" courses to choose from as follows: Coach the 1st Prince Sense, consisting of honor, Hong Ana -Anlah in Vietnam, Jatuporn, Jatuporn, Fishery - Head of coach. The Ram Bangkok Club at the Thai League level 3 Jamlap - Head of Custom Ladkrabang United at the Thai League 2 Arun Libra Watthanawattang -speakers in football coach Football Association of Thailand Worawut Sri Maka - Head of Agricultural Trainers FC at the Thai League 2 Thachawan Sripan - President of True Bangkok United Technical Club at the Thai League 1, Ruethai Sa Thongwien - Head of Trainer Women's Football Club, Asia Seasan Siriphong - Head of Kamphaeng Phet FC Club at the Thai League 3, Thongchai Rungrueanglert - Head of Phrae United Club at the Thai League 2, Songyot Srisuk - Head of Rayong F. Cew at the Thai League 2, Laohakul - President of the Technical Development Club, Chonburi FC, Luck Chokchok, suitable - the team of goalkeepers, youth teams, True Bangkok United, Nopporn Ekkaporn - Civil Service Civil Service Riding Year - Head of Samut Prakan City Club at the Thai League 2, Theravekin Sihawong - President of the Technical Techniques for Nong Bua Phichay FC, Thai League 1 Supachat Manakit - Head of Udon United Thai League 3 coach Lines 2, consisting of Sirisak Yod Thai -Advisor to Thep Sirin Yanwit School, Kantharat - Private Academy in Mae Rim District Chiang Mai, Thong Thong Am - Assistant to the Nakhon Si United Club at the Thai League 2 Jirawat Lai Nanukun - Head of the Youth Team, True Bangkok United Ravut Tri Phan - Head of Trainers Songkhla United Club at the Thai League level 3 Jatnaphat Chalermrot - Speaker of the Football Association of Thailand, Suraphong Kongthep - Private Business Thaweesak Morusilp - Assistant to the Nakhon Ratchasima Club of Mazda FC at the level Thai League 1 Alongkorn Thong -Um - Waiting to agree to the contract with Akthaporn Chalitaporn - Training coach of Rajapracha Rangsanwiwatchaicok - Head of the Polas Tero FC Thai League 1 Srisataro - President of the FC Club, Khao Kamphaeng Prajak Wiang Song - Head of the Krabi FC and Surachai Chaturaphatphong, the director of BG Pathum United, who graduated from AFC 'Pro' License from Singapore.
The work is clear!"Benzema" wielding "Ancelotti"|According to the expectations of all media, when Karim Benzema, Real Madrid's hot striker was chosen to be a player of the year of the European Football Federation, 2021/22, the national team shooting star. French has done a hot job in the past season after the goalscoring of 15 goals in the UEFA Champions League cup, helping the White King to win the European Championship for the 14th period and create a lot of statistics. The age of 34 carat has received the most votes. Above the teammates like Tibot Girls and Kevin de Bruyne, the army of Manchester City won the UEFA's player's first -year player. Lo Aeylotti, who brought the White King, won the UEFA Champions League last season. As well as making history, becoming the first coach to take the team to win the European Championship 4 times, divided into 2 times with AC Milan in 2003 and 2007 and 2 more times with Real Madrid in 2014 and 2022. The midfielder of Barcelona women Was chosen as the female player of the year for UEFA for the second consecutive period after showing out the outstanding form, made 5 goals from 5 games in the European cup Although in the end, Barca will lose the Olympic Lyon in the finals.
The only thing!"Trapt" revealed the reason for the brush of Manchester United.|The 32 -year -old Kwin Trak Frankfurt's goalkeeper, revealed that he remained the opportunity to move to Manchester United in the Summer football market. After becoming an issue with the Red Devils, Eric Ten's ears, accelerated the engine in the final curve of the summer market, with the position of Dan as one of the new football that they consider to pressure the position with Davidde. After the team has just released Dean Henderson to Knotting Ham Forest under the loan contract. "There has been a lot of rumors over the past few days to the attention of Man. Chester United "Trapt posted a message on his Instagram account. "It is true that I have officially received an offering." "Manchester United is a world -class team. And I have pondering very well I confirm my decision and hope everyone will understand. I have expressed the purpose of both teams that I want to continue to trade with Etrak Frankfurt. I have memories that I can't forget here. We have made history together. Although we were starting to start a new saloon, it was not impressive, but I still believed in this team. "Frankfurt was eligible to participate in the UEFA Champions League for the first time in the club's history as The UEFA Europa League champion in the first season. If not counting the participation from the European Cup era in the past While this season, Manchester United can only grab the quota on the Europa League program.
99%!The famous media revealed "Ronaldo", preparing to launch with the new team, dating the big European Cup this season.|Delhi Mail, the famous media of England, reported that Cristiano Ronaldo was near to escape Manchester United when Sporting Lisbon, the famous Portuguese team who woke up to make him the youth. Happy to open his arms to help wade through the Season 2022/23. The 37 -year -old superstar has been out of the pre -season. Fa Chaipians League, because the Red Devils can only wade through the European Europa Cup in Europe. Before being hit by a famous team like Bayern Munich and Chelsea, it was uninterested in the news that the agent of the person referred to not good, but most recently, Sporting Lisbol will be an option to enter. The most Because before this, Ronaldo's Mom had revealed that he wanted his son to move back to play with the old team before the person decided to come back to Manchester United again. Working with Fabrisio Romano, the famous Italian fake news, also reported that The process of moving the team is almost 99%. Ronaldo's agent George Menden is moving forward in this matter, while Manchester United tried to quickly close the deal. Ajax Amsterdam's attacker immediately became Ronaldo's character. According to the report, Ronaldo's move is a borrowing. The demonic army will help the famous team of Foi Thong to pay wages, which Sporting Lisbon will play in the UEFA Champions League this season by being in line with Ein of Trang Frankfi. Tottenham Hotspur and Olympic Marxi
New child mocking the old wife!The girlfriend "Pink" shows sexy dance, moving the song "Chakira" (clip)|The Sun Media of England reported that one of the acacia on Instagram claimed to be the new Clara Kia Marti's girlfriend, Gard Pike, the baro -quarterback of the bar. Zelona plays the nervous war to Chakira, the former man's sweetheart. With the new Pop Star songs of the Colombium. The video revealed that the 23 -year -old Clara dance moved softly. In a black bra With the latest hit song of Shakira named Te Felicito open Before the video was removed by the 35 -year -old year with the 45 -year -old Chakira, just separated in June. After getting married for 12 years and has 2 children, Milan and Sacha, 9 and 7 years old, respectively. The defender after the 8 -time La Liga champion has quickly made Madam. After the media caught that Pike kissed with a new girlfriend, resulting in Chakira to be angry that the ex -husband broke the contract. Who have been in different parties that they will not have a new relationship with anyone for 1 year. This new person's heart is 12 years old and meets while the woman works for a movie manufacturing company where Pike has a partner. For many months She is a student who works for his company. Most of them are going out to organize various activities. "For Shakira and Pike is in the property management range of over 300 million pounds (about 12,720 million baht), in which there are 15 million pounds of personal jets (about 640 Million baht) and the mansion worth approximately 6 million pounds (about 255 million baht). In addition The point that both are more tense than the property is the two children. Pike wants the children to stay with him in Spain, but Chakira wants them to stay with her at Miami. More than the United States
Successfully cut the rope!"View" Wing "Earth-Pop" Guaranteed the World Championship of the World Championship in Japan.|2022 World Badminton Competition in Japan Although the old -fashioned champion like "Bas" Dechapon Pua Warawaranukhi and "Por Por" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai will miss the second round, but today, Thai badminton players guaranteed 2 bronze medals in the championship. The world is definitely After successfully passing through the semifinals, starting from the female couple type "Earth" Wednesday Supachiworakul and "Por Po" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai, the 14th hand of the program and the 20th hand of the field, meet with Zhang Chu Xian and Zheng Yu, the 13th hand in the world from China, it appears that the couple of Thailand beat 2-1 games 15-21, 21-18 and 22-20 through the semifinals and guarantee the coin. Already copper Which will meet Kim So-Yong and Gong Hee-Young, the 4th manual of the program from South Korea, while the single male type "View" Kulwut Wititsan, the 16th hand of the program, meets the Lakian Yew Champion The old world from Singapore is ranked 8th. It appears that Kulwut has beat 2-1 games 21-12, 17-21 and 21-8. In the world, Junngweng 23 in China continues tomorrow ( 27 Aug), while Thai badminton players still have another type of hope, "Cream" Busanan Ung Bamrungphan There will be a queue on the 8th round of the final round with Tai Zhi Ing, the second hand of the program from Taiwan.
Please call the form here!"Ali" is excited.|Decle Ali has officially became a member of Besigatus in Turkey, with a loan contract for 1 season and revealed that he wants a new 26 -year -old midfielder with a difficult and unstable season. Successfully moved to play with Everton in the last half of the season. With only 11 games and only 1 real game, which he hoped that this team would make him come back to play football seriously again. "It's the first time I will play football. Outside England I felt great when I arrived here. I felt full of passing from everywhere, which I arrived. And I'm excited about working with the team as soon as possible I wait for this new challenge that I want it. I want to play as soon as possible. "" I am ready to work hard in practice. And fight every minute in the racetrack Hope to make all football fans happy. And there is a successful season. "For Everton, the loan agreement is worth 1.85 million pounds for this deal. And will receive 8,400 pounds per game every time Ali played for Besigatus
"Tank" withdraw the final bend!"Phan Phayak" plugged in instead of war, One World Grand Prix|It's a shame when "Tang Chit Muang Non", the One Muay Thai Muay Thai, must withdraw urgently in the last minute. With a colleague of "Phan Phayak Chit Muangnon" to be plugged in instead of the One Muay Thai World Grand Prix. That will be held in the One Fight Night 1: Adriano vs Dimitrey II, which will be broadcast live during the American Prime Minister. Which corresponds to the Thai morning 07:00 hrs. Of Saturday 27 August after the first round of the competition has got a tank with Cyprus boxing "Savas Michael" from Petch Yindee Academy In the semi -finals of the Muay Thai World Grand Prix, but it appears that in the final step before punching, it appears that the tank does not pass the rules for weighing and measures the water level of One, so it is necessary to withdraw from Competition according to the large orange regulations, then fell to "Phan Phayak Chit Muangnon", which took the queue into the backup chair with "Share Carbutov", causing the tiger to step up instead of the tank as the real person. In order to fight with Savat in the competition of One Muay Thai World Grand Prix. The withdrawal of this tournament of the tank does not affect the World Championship, One Muay Thai Flyweight, which is complied with the rules. As well as maintaining the standards and justice in the competitors of One, which the organization has tried to solve the situation in the best page. The winner between the tiger and Savas will be on the first podium of the A. And enter the finals Which will meet the winner between "Super Lek Kiat Moo 9" or "Walter Gon Salwess" from the B To be decided on the same night And the final winner of One Muay Thai World Grande Prix will be the number 1 challenger to the World Championship with "Tank". Fans can follow the Live Fight Night 1: Ah. The Dimitrius II is on Saturday 27 Aug 65, starting the first pair at 07:00 hrs. Via YouTube One Championship (only Thailand), Watch.onefc.com. (Pay for viewing), AIS Play (only AIS customers) and Thai Rath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22:30 hrs.
"Buakhao" leads the master's couple!BKFC Thailand: Moment of Truth Presented by Singha 3|Fist fans are preparing to get it to the emotions of removing the dormitory up the boiling arena of Buakhao Bancha Mek, with Thai fighters and challenges from 9 countries, a total of 12 pairs. Saturday 3 September at 18:00 at Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium. Or watch over the BKFC App Buakhao, leading Thai and female fighters Removing the quilt on the boiling arena in BKFC Thailand: Moment of Truth Presented by Singha 3, a new fighter fighter art. Challenge the fighters to increase the next level with bare hands. Which requires the fighter to Top The LINE to lay the foot in the middle of the stage only 3 feet apart. Arena must be on fire for sure! In addition to Ekkhao Bua Bancha Mek, the brave challenger from Turkish Turkish Dan "Ergan Warol" Kick Boxing has a heavy punch, BKFC Thailand: Moment of Truth Presented by Singha 3. There is also a major partner who is a fight for the BKFC Thailand Championship. Featherweight is the pair of Pong Phisan. "Ton" Chaoong and Surasak Sukkhamcha, which Pongphisan is 1 in 3 fighters who won. In the first 2 BKFC Thailand as well, while the BKFC model is a meeting between Thai Usana Kornwil Suwan Wang, vs. Nuwan from the Philippines, another pair of highlights of Sornchai "Snake" Kanttiphong, the conquer fighter of the BKFC Thailand 2 battle before, conflict with the power of the world. Courageous challenger That may challenge the champion through social media and do not miss the fun of the limit With the important fight of M, the pattern of the pattern or Chalermporn Sawatsak Who practice and develop themselves into a professional fighter After being accepted since practicing with friends in the prison to clash with Kantapon "Black Falcon", former Thai Special Forces, which Nick Chapman CEO BKFC Thailand has discovered This person, at the ultimate secret underground event While filming a documentary for the mainstream TV channel This person's fighting experience is unbeaten. Certainly fun. Prepare to wash my eyes, important appointments and martial arts with bare hands. With all 12 fighters, including 24 lives, fully fun at the Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium Or watch the complete competition Full at BKFC App Click Link: https://referral.bareknuckle.tv/bkfcthailand iOS: https://apple.co/3z62ymm android: https://bit.ly/3B3GHCD All competitions of BKFC Thailand: Moment of Truth Presented by Singha 3main Event, Light Weakaw Banchamek (Thailand) Clash ERKAN VAROL (Turkey) Co-Main EVENT-BKFC Thailand FEATHERWEITHIPIPIPIPION The PongPisan Fishn "Ton" Chunyong (Thailand) against Surasak Sukkhamcha (Thailand), Light Heavy, Chaloemporn Nakornsuk (Thailand), Dominic Ahnee (USA), Steve "Panda" BANKS " (USA) AHMED "Koko Hammer" Abdelfattah (Egypt) King of the Streets Superfight Championship Championship on the side of the street fighter. Lightweight Sornchai "Maseng" Kanttiphong (Thailand) against Jakkaphop "Phop Perfect" Rattanamangsang (Thailand), Light Heavy, "Street Fight Mike" Mikhail Vetrila (Russia) against Luis Paulo "Rato" Terra (Brazil), PIPAT "Mike" Chaiporn (Thailand) against Frank Sirahat (Thailand ) USANAKORN Thawinsuwannawang (Thailand) against the CHESU Nuval (Philippines), the bantes of the SINTHRURAM PETCHAAN (Thailand) against the suban malopho (Thailand), Tai Emery (Australia) vs. Rung-ARUNCAIA (Thailand) Sadudee "sam" Srimueang (Thailand) against Malinda Amarasinghe (Sri Lanka). Middlewet Kantapon "Black Falcon" Petsang (Thailand) against Chanwut Kaewnamyen (Thailand). All of these fighters from 9 countries participated in the competition. And everyone has many outstanding backgrounds The night of BKFC3 Moment of Truth must be exciting. Definitely encouraged Thai fighters in the BKFC 3: Moment of Truth Presented by Singha 3 on Saturday 3 September 20:00 at 18:00 hrs. /11: 00 hrs. GMT/7: 00 hrs. EST can be booked at Thai Ticket Major from today onwards. (Price card starting at 1,000 baht) or select to watch the real -time via BKFC Thailand application only 180 baht per month at iOS: https: //apple.co/3z62ymm android: https: // bit. LY/3B3GHCD
The 3rd person in Thailand!Confirm "Achitpol" has promised the career from the Saburg 2 (picture).|It is a pleasure when "Mai" Achitphon Kirrom, the Thai national team striker U-23 of the team, Saburg 2, has received a professional contract for the first time. According to the football system in Germany Along with the extension of the contract with the team for another 2 years, the 20 -year -old striker is considered the 3rd Thai national player who has received a professional contract from the club in the league of Germany from Witthaya Laohakul (Hartha Berlin and Sarbrock Ken) and Kovit Foi Thong (Safo Lohov) Achitpol Revealed the story of the contract via the War Chang page that "Promise on Monday 22 August. It is a 2 -year -old contract signing. The contract is the same that professional footballers in Germany have. Which throughout the past I and the agent work very hard. In order to get this contract It is considered as a way to continue the german football route. "" Now I am very happy to have come. It is like a starting point that at least has the opportunity to get up to the big team more easily. And we have the same status as other professional players. "" About the injury Caused by ankle flip Causing the tendon to become inflamed and slightly torn Probably have to rest for about 4 weeks before starting to practice and enter the field As for the past form of playing, it's happy with your own work. Although the form of the team is not very good But now it is getting better And should be able to do better. "" Finally, I have to thank everyone for your encouragement and support me. Now, even though we have the profession that we want But it's just my starting point I will continue to develop and prove myself. In order to upgrade itself to a higher standard with Gauzburg. "For Achitpol just injured From the game to help the agency defeat Il Resortsen 5-1 since August 12 And is currently undergoing treatment In the 2021/22 season, 9 matches were made 3 goals. The season 2022/23 has the opportunity to have 6 matches.
Unusual degree!"Rina -chan", a former runner over a cute fence, asking to play porn for life (picture)|It is another latest girl who has changed from a career in sports. Let's focus on the film industry or porn actors (AV movies) in Japan. This cute and beautiful girl is named in the industry "Rina Ha Sukawa". Athletes running over the fence of 100 meters in high school and university. But finally had to abandon the dream of athletes Due to the unfortunately the pressure and development of itself Before the first work came out with the famous camp like Soft on Demand on May 24. With a length of almost 3 and a half hours The owner of 166 cm tall comes with a cute face that the boys Many people can easily be a star idol. Brown long hair The look of the office girl style and athletes that blend together perfectly. Her MOGI-019 code is ranked well in the first week of sale, but it is a pity that despite receiving the response at Quite well But after more than 4 months, this beautiful woman from Mie still has no sign of the next work. Consistent with the interview in her first work that Being unemployed and looking for work But playing porn is interesting and able to make money for life She therefore tried it once and didn't think of playing in the long run for sure. With the belief that it is a career that is similar to running over a fence that is not suitable for women.
Cannon, Red Devils rubbed the mouth!Lottery division of UEFA Europa League 2022/23|The European Football Club, a secondary cup like UEFA Europa League, is preparing to come back to hit each other again. And most recently, the lottery has already been divided. Arsenal representatives from Arsenal encountered work that is not difficult. When in the line, together with PSV, Idho Fen (Netherlands), Bodoglam (Norway) and FC Zurich (Switzerland). Manchester United encountered work. Quite comfortable When in the Group E together with Real Society (Spain), Sheriff Tour Sappol (Moldova) and Omonia Niko (Cyprus) of Cho's Roman. Simurinho is in the C. together with Lutoro (Bulgaria), Real Betis (Spanish) and HJK Hel Singki (Finland) for the first match of the group stage. Will play on Thursday, September 8, while the last game will be played on Thursday 3 November, the lottery results of the UEFA Europa League 2022/23 Group A: Arsenal, PSV ID Nor, Bodoglam, FC Zurich Group B: Dinamo Kia, Ranes, Fenerbah, Larnaga Group C: Roma, Ludo Gore Ts, Real Betis, HJK Heling Giggy Good: Braga, Malmo, Union Berlin, Saint Chillules E: Manchester United, Real Soo Seadad, Cheriff Tiraspol, Omonia Nicheia F. F: Lazio, Feyenard, Mittilalan, Starm Grace Group G: Olympi Sex, Carabak, Firefare, Nons H: Red Star Belgrade, Monaco, Frenzwaros, Travispor
"Hamilton" can be red!FC Port Authority, watching the cave, attacking PT, Prachuap FC 5-2|The Thai League football match 2022/23 Port Authority of the FC opens Pat Stadium, receiving the visit of PT Prachuap FC. Phala, Sergio Suarez, Pakorn Premphak and Hamilton Soraz, the visiting team sent the main Dennis Beyanu, Lossemi Carabu, Prasit Chantum, Patrick Rai Chet, Aphichat Den, Man and Samuel Rosa to fight the results. Warlord Singha, the Harbor exploded in the rain Is the party to overcome 5-2 of the goal from Thanaboon Kesarat, 5th minute, Hamilton Sorares, 28 and 43 minutes, Bodin Phala, 36 and 67 minutes. Semy Carabu 66 minutes and Samuel Roza 75 minutes. This game, in the 80th minute, the referee check Var, giving the red card Hamilton Suarez from the arms to clash with PT players and 90+2 minutes, the 2nd yellow card referee to the United States, Phan Matya, the visiting team, the red card, fired from the Port FC field, won PT. Beautifully
Enhance the face!Juventus closed the deal to borrow "milligrams".|Juventus of the Battle of Galo Chori, Italy, reached an agreement to grab Arcadi Ussa Milik, spearheading from Olympic Marxi, joins the army under the officially bought loan agreement to buy the Poland national team, 28, became the team of Massimiliano Allegri after the Bian Konri army closed the deal from OM under the loan agreement after they became involved in other shooting stars like Alba. Romarata and Memphis De Pai reported that The Zebra Party closed the deal of 1 million euros, according to the 1 million euros. The option was bought at 8 million euros at the end of the season. Referred to as Juventus's 7th new football in the Summer football market, following Bremers, Federiki Kieasa, Philip Cosmch, Andrea Cum. Biaso, Paul Pogba and Anglee Maria. Poland national team striker familiar with the Italian football stage. When creating a name with Napoli between 2016-2020, scoring 48 NPLs from the field of 122 matches, totaling 4 seasons throughout the season, while the work of the season has shot. Marseille 20 goals and 2 assists from all 37 matches
Want to play, must move!Spurs open the way to release "Wing" borrowed before the market closed.|Harry Wing, Tottenham Hotspur midfielder, will decide his own future. After being a backup in the team Amid the proposal from many clubs in foreign countries, the 26 -year -old defender left with the team to the middle of the year 2024, one of the produce of the Golden Spur Chicken Youth team that has stepped up to the British national team. From the plan of Antonio Conte this season and not yet involved with the team. Most recently, Sampdoria and Roma show interest, wanting to borrow him to use, which Spurs have no problems in this matter. Depending on the decision of the players that they want to choose their own path according to the report stating that The players still want to play in England as the first option. The trading market will close on 1 September 2022 at 05:00 hrs. In Thailand.
Clear your eyes successfully!"Sema Petch" Knock "Angel", "Christian" snatched back from "Ox"|Ended in a satisfactory for one 160: Ox VS Christian II on Friday night, August 26. By Thai Hylite "Sema Petch Fairtex" as the "Rit Diamond Diamond, Akadei", sleeping in the air, lifted two Clear the eyes successfully after the first lifting bell. Both of them immediately exchanged weapons, but it seemed to be more powerful. And use a kick to bite until the diamond sema is not good But the turning point is too fast when the Sema Petch has a rhythm to throw the left punch into the jaw. In the middle of the two As if to extinguish the power, the angels in the air fall to the ground, not standing up to fight the master's side The Lightweight King "Ook Ryun" entered the battle to protect the World Championship Belts that had previously vie from the former Lee family champion "Christian Lee". First Clearly made the championship Before closing the job, with the champion's knees running out of fighting Until the judges had to end the fight in the first minute of the second round, raised his hand to Christian to sit and sitting in the throne that had been his satisfaction, while the second partner of the "Than Lae" Protect the second One World Championship with the 1st challenger from the Dragon "Kai Tang Kai" by the challenger of the freshness and strength, cutting the championship until we exhausted after fighting. Making history as the first male athlete in China, who has dominated the World Championship in a combined fighting line (MMA) Summary of all competitions- Christian Lee won TKO Ook Ryun 1st minute of the second round (MMA World Championship). World Champion MMA Featherweight)- Sema Petch Fairtex winning Knock Rit, Angel, Diamond, Academy, 1:35 minutes, the second lift (Muay Thai Bantamweight)- Keyuzu Ba Knock Amir Khan, 3:29 minutes, first round (MMA, Featherweight)- Martin Baur Won TKO Paul Elliot at 3:38 first lifting (MMA Hevaweight version)- Tom Mi Mi Lanka, winning Renato scores (wrestle, lock, Lightweight version)- Kandarat Aka, TKOTASALE NAKASU. At 2:55, the first lifting (MMA Bantamweight)
"Benzema vs Levan Dovski": The best start of 2 shooting stars "number 9" in La Liga.|Glean up the 2nd Spanish La Liga game of the season 2022/23 Karim Benzema and Robert Levandovski 2, which wears the number 9 shirt together. Beginning to score the first match On the same weekend before coming to fight in the league, the bull of the fierce bull, this season, both Benzema and Levandovski, and the club was successful in winning the championship. As well as receiving a personal prize from the previous season, starting from Benzema, who took Real Madrid, grabbed Double Championship, both La Liga and the UEFA Champions League attached to the goalscoring position. Both of them with 27 goals and 15 goals respectively, with the most outstanding work with Real Madrid in the first season. This 35 -year -old French star has a very high chance of winning the "Ballon d'Or" after the FIFA's best player's award on the side of Levandov Ski at Pabyern Munich won the Bundesliga. Along with winning the private award, including Germany Germany Germany Germany, and the European Salvolva (Golden Chus) award for the second consecutive season with the "Southern Tiger", the 34 -year -old Poland. Have won other personal prizes, such as the best players of FIFA 2 -periods in 2020 and 2021, including the Best striker Ballon Dur in 2021 until La Liga traveled to the second match of this season. Last weekend Number 9 of the 2 giants of the Spanish football industry Can score the first match for each person's agency, starting from Saturday 20 August, Real Madrid invaded Sel Ta Big Benze to shoot the penalty for "White King" to lead before the 14th minute. And ultimately, Carlo Ancelotti's team won with score. 4-1, continue with Sunday, August 21, Barcelona invaded Real Society, Lead Levandovski on the field on his own birthday, scored 2 goals with 1 assist. "Chao Bun Thum" won 4-1 as well. As for other players In addition to being the number one football player for each striker of each team They can score goals by themselves as well. And has the right to compete in the rankings of La Liga at all times. After 2 matches, the leader of the goalscoria at this time is Real Betis's Borgea Igais. As for the 2 goals of Levandov Ski, it can be equal to Alvaro Morata, Yako Aspass, Shiebila, Alex Bena and Juan Mi for the next match, both Barcelona and Real Madrid will kick on Sunday night, August 28, "Chao Bun Thum" opened the house, found Real Valodoid (00:30 hrs.) Followed by "White King" to visit Espan. Jeol (03:00 hrs.)
Waiting for a thrilling heart!"Klopp" changed Liverpool attitude, may buy a new football before the Ya Ya Market.|Yergen Klopp, Liverpool manager, revealed that the attitude changed in the football market. Ready to move forward to strengthen the army After the team experienced the problem of injuries that they were not able to win in the first 3 league games of the Liverpool ECO's latest report that the Reds would be without football in the Senior team in the 10 large team in the duel program. This Saturday night The team has not grabbed a new football since June 19, after the Calvin Ramsey, Darwin Nuz and Fabio Carwalo, with their latest game Klopp having to push. Harvey Elliot has settled in the middle with James Milner and Jordan Henderson, while Fabinho and Carvali played as a backup in the second half. "I don't know. "Klopp answered when asked if they were to sign a contract to grab a new football before the dead line." As you know We are continuously working on this point. But we have discussed the reason that it may not happen either. "" Sometimes the deal is too high. Sometimes the target is not the right person. Even sometimes The situation has changed. The only thing that is always the most important is He must be the right player. "" We are continuing and will see if it will happen or not. I can't know. "" Until this time All conditions have not changed. Our goals may not be the same player, but must be a player that is suitable for the team. While some players are not in this summer market That's what happened. "" If we decide to do something We have to believe 100 percent if we do not believe. We will not move forward in that plan. That is the situation at this time. "
Top of the industry!Open the warp "Yukijang", sexy wrestling angel, raw fish (picture)|Take to see the latest pictures of Yuki Kamuku, a female wrestler, whose Japanese media, ready to raise the position of the most beautiful sexy woman in the industry without arguments, which must be said that it is not surprising that "Yuki "Will be so popular. Because she is a grave model (Taken underwear and swimwear) at the forefront, each of her past work invites fans. Especially the boys Imagine too far, however From the corner of a sexy woman that she has presented It does not mean that she is weak and thin. When she proves her ability to another step by jumping into another branch of the entertainment industry, the professional wrestling arena in 2017, a 29 -year -old girl, the owner of 173 cm, first launched on the wrestling stage. On August 26, 2017, with a strong defense, Famessser (Legdrop Bulldog), Big Boot, Running Dropkick. Reported quickly to the present day. By going on stage for more than 100 fighters within less than 4 years, but she still does not leave sexy work by having a continuous gravure work. Of course, the sales spurt by her greater fan club. For those who want to follow Yukijang's work, you can follow Instagram. yuki_kamifuku With more than 5.8 thousand followers
"Niko Gonzalez": Rising Star in the distant future with a new proof in Valencia.|Barcelona agreed to release Niko Gonzalez, Spanish midfielder, Valencia, the rival of La Liga. Borrowed to use until the end of the 2022/23 season. Coruna won the highest league championship when the 1999/2000 season, including the 2 Copa Del Rey champions and Spanish Super Cup 3 times. Montineros' youth team and 4 years later, "La Malia" Barcelona's training center grew so fast that he played with the first reserve team at the age of 17 years. Distinctive with the reserve team, Ronald Khuman, Barca's trainer at that time decided to push Niko to the full team. And entered the field as the first match in the opening game of the 2021/22 season that beat Real Society 4-2. In the last season, Barcelona looked at the long-term policy By using more rising star players To take the club back to prosperity again Making them the 3rd average team of La Liga's average players, despite the change of coach from Kuman to Sabie Aerendez. Ko is always an important player. Referred to all 37 matches in total. Every item can be made 2 goals. Niko's play is a player with a vision of reading games in the middle of the field. Can play in a variety of positions in the midfield panel Including the receiving midfielder that controls the rhythm of the game Or the attacking midfielder who attacked the giant club receiving from Catalan is still confident in the potential of Niko to be able to improve their pace in the future. Therefore decided to expand the new contract Located in the area of ​​the Camp Nou, continue until 2026, but Barca wants Niko to accumulate more experience in football in the highest level. By letting Valencia of Jane Naro Gattuso Head, the new Italian coach to borrow to use this season. Without the purchase option, Niko Gonzalez has the opportunity to enter the field for Valencia in the new La Liga season as a reserve for both 44 minutes, starting with the opening game at Open the house to win Kirona 1-0 and the latest match that invaded Athletic Bill Light 0-1
Every pair!"3 Thai military commander" won the knock -up and smashed the bonus of over 5 million baht. One Fight Night 1|Boxing fans got a hilarious. When the Thai military commander showed the form of a knock -up form, all 3 fighters returned home impressively in the battle. One Fight Night 1: Adriano vs Dimitrius II during Saturday morning, August 27, the past began with the King to kill without death. "Nong Oh, the five -star grilled chicken" is responsible for protecting the Muay Thai championship. The Bantamweight model for the 6th time with the challenger of the Muna is crazy. "Liam Harrison", with Nong Om, still the superiority of the top boxing, even though Liam was invading like crazy, but Nong O, protected firmly. Plus the garden with the bottom cut Causing the challenger to not be the way Get the same wound This time, saw the result, Liam fell, sitting and folded up. The judges then raised his hand to Nong O, winning TKO quickly from the first round. Grabbed a 50,000 US dollar (over 1.8 million baht at present). Another highlight is the highlight of the One Muay Thai World Grande Prix in the Flyweight in the A "Phan Phayakjit Muang. Non "as a boxing friend" Tang Chit Muang Non ", who suddenly withdraws the fight, faces" Savas Michael ", the overall game, the first raised, Phan Phayak opened the game continuously while Sava Set up mostly Until the rhythm of the left punch Followed by the left football in front of Savas. The committee therefore terminated the fight. Raise hands to the top of the Thai boxing to win the knock after only 10 seconds, smashing the bonus of 1.8 million baht. "Super Lek Kiat Moo 9" confront "Walter Gon Salwess" to compete for one of the B. Of the semi -finals of Muay Thai, World Grand Prix, Flyweight, the first round, the wall shows the speed, weapons put on a super -super thrilling, then Super Lek begins to install the first chopping the elbow until the wall Terr's back, but still stood up and fought the Super Small, walking around with the two elbows. Until the competitors went down to lie down The judges couldn't see it. Announcing the end of the fight Raise his hand to the top of the boxing kick without ending. And grabbed the bonus of 50,000 US dollars (over 1.8 million baht at present). Going home to the other side of the Watch Warm World Championship, One Flyweight, "The Dreyo Muras", the owner of the Brazil belt. Open face to fight with the legendary fighting (MMA) on the American side. "Dimitrey Johnson" or "DJ" is fiercely spicy. Each side leverage the skill of the gods, take turns, take turns, take turns, take turns, closely, the turning point in the 4th round. And repeatedly followed by the knee, flying in front of the world championship, falling into the ground completely at the end of the lift, sending DJs to avenge the roots. As well as sitting on the One Flyweight Prince of Flyweight immediately. Summary of all match results. One Fight Night 1: Adriano VS Dimitrey II, a couple in the show- Dimitreas Johnson. Win Knock Adriano Muras, 3.50 minutes of round 4 (MMA World Championship, Flyweight model)- Nong Oh, five-star grilled chicken, winning TKO Liam Harrison (Black Muay Thai World Championship Tumwet)- Phan Phayakchit Muangnon won Knock Savas Michael at 0:10 at the second lift (Thai boxing, World Grand Prix, Flyweight, semifinals)- Marcus Alme Da wins the sub-music, Kirill Grechinco, 1:04 minute (MMA, Heavy, WeVate)- Amir Al-Akarbari won TKO Mawaro Cerillee minutes. At 4:02, the second model (MMA, Heavweight), imported program- Super Lek Kiat, Village No. 9, won Knock Walter Gon Salwess at 1:35. The first round (Muay Thai World Charan Flyweight, semifinals)- Dadenra Martin won the unanimous score of Amber Kitchen (Muay Thai 128 P.)- Itti Hirarata won Hero Jin (MMA 119 Por.)- Seba Tian Cadestam won Knochere Lapikus at 0:57 first lifting (MMA 189 Por)
Watch clearly!"Nong Oh, Phan Phayak, Super Small" Bomb form, ready to knock the opponent (clip)|The most ends for the battle. One Fight Night 1: Adriano VS Dimitrey II on the morning of Saturday 27 August. According to Singapore time, the major partner appears that Dimitrie Johnson closed the game in the 4th round, over the owner of the throne, Adriano Solo S, a flyweight world champion. No matter what, the work of the 3 Thai boxers in the same program is equally awesome when both the Five -star grilled chicken, Phan Phayak Chit Muangnon and Super Lekkiat, Village No. 9, all are ready to defeat Knock to everyone. With the different style of the Muay Thai mother, which from this divine form made Nong O to protect the World Championship, One Muay Thai Boxing For the 6th time, while Phan Phayak and Super Small tickets to meet themselves in the Muay Thai World Grand Prix, Flyweight, finals. For the opportunity to compete for the world champion with the Chit Muang Non Tank
Fight with all my heart!"Earth-Por" defeated South Korea 1-2, the game of cutting playoffs in the world championship|2022 World Badminton Competition in Japan Semi -final Women's type "Earth" Wednesday Supachirat and "Por" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai, ranked 14th of the program, meets Kim So-Yong and Gong Hee-Young, the 4th manual of the program from South Korea The previous meeting of Thailand has never won, it appears that the Thai partner, although losing in the first game 16-21, but in the second game The Thai partner is the retribution. 21-19 must be judged in the third game. At the end of the game, it was a couple in Thailand, 2 matches, but it could not be closed for 20-20 and got another 2 matches. But finally became a South Korean partner 25-23 from this defeat, Wednesday and Sapsiri Chuat entered the finals. But won the bronze medal for the first time in the history of Thailand in a couple category by South Korea's partner Will meet with the 1st manual in the world from China, Chen Ching Chen and Jia Yi Fan in the finals. For Thai badminton players, there is still another hope to enter the field in the semifinals. The single male type "View" Kulwut Wititsan, who will meet with Zhujoon, the 23rd hand of the world from China.
Let me go!"An Tony" discouraged Ajax, brushed the Dutch League proposal from Manchester United.|Ajax Amsterdam rely on the proposal from Manchester United worth 90 million euros (about 76.3 million pounds) that the Red Devils grabbed the final curve of the Summer football market. The 22 -year -old Brazilian national team is one of the top goals of the Eric Ten Hak, after Manchester United just closed the Casemiro deal from Real Madrid to join the official army when not. How many days ago Under the value of around 70 million pounds, after Lisandr Martinez, Tyrell Maladee and the Red Devils Christian, the Red Devils invaded the deal again after they were linked to Keyman Ajax is thick, over a few weeks. Most recently, the enormous value of the Great Value was rejected by the Champion of the Ereadivsei. "My agent has asked to move the team to the agency since February to seek a new challenge. As well as being interested from other interesting clubs, "Annee said, opened with Fabrisio Romano through the YouTube of the Italian fake." Jax has always been the table of negotiations throughout the past month. "" Today in discussing with the board. I clearly show that I want to move out of the club. This time, it was an attitude with a proposal on the table. Other related parties have progressed to the end, but Ajax also rejects the proposal. By reasoning that they have left to find my agent to find a representative. "" I didn't ask Ajax to release me, but I asked Ajax to sell me from the team with the highest value that the players from Ered VC had received. "" I am happy that Amsterdam I won a lot of Ajax with friends and created a football route throughout the past. But now I am ready for a new driving in order to follow my dreams. "" People have to listen to me and understand my motivation that will lead me to happiness. I want to continue to do the high level of work. Ajax will stay in my heart forever. "
More eye -catching than anyone!The latest of "Ano-Hyun", a sweet golf promotion, exciting body, ginseng (picture)|Believe that many Thai sports fans should be familiar with each other with AHN So-hyeon, a 27-year-old South Korean golfer, who has been outstanding in the appearance of the appearance since The latest 3-4 years ago It seems that the steel rod is more cute and bright. Especially when posting images in various gestures outside the golf course, whether it is travel, or even a coffee shop with a friend for a young girl, the owner of the face Comes with an eye -catching shape Under the height of 167 cm has been in Klpga, South Korean female golf tournaments since 2013, although not yet successful on the swing, but So-Hyun's girl is considered popula among the mechanic. The images and fans of the steel steel always when competing by sexy pro -girls have revealed that As a child, she likes music very much. But in the end, Father invited him to try playing golf before being fascinated until now. Which, despite not being able to win any championship But she said that she was not worried Just look optimistic and do your best is enough for anyone who wants to be a beautiful fan club. Can go to follow her on Instagram ahn_so__1, which now has more than 8.6 thousand followers
Have good, must show off!"Alicia" daughter "Paul Scholes" shows the puppet on ING again (picture)|After becoming a strange news last October last year, for Alicia Sols, the beautiful heir of Paul Scholes, the legendary Manchester United, whose clip came out that the father was sitting nail. The eyes of the dormant daughter, who in the past, Alicia, 21 years old, is usually a girl who is addicted to social media. From posting your own teenage lifestyle through Instagram Alicia.scholesx always, the latest, the young fans were stunned. When she posted a clip and a picture in a condition that revealed the flesh Show off the beautiful body regularly, with various content that Alicia posted in the latter Consisting of clips and images that look dizzy Like shooting, playing, keeping it alone And quite high privacy, such as the image that she wears shorts, tight -fitting in front of the mirror, the clip that she wears a white top -top shirt, showing off the prominent chest Including trying the bathroom underwear And most recently with a pink Bigini with a hat, the top style she posted freshly Of course, after these posts of Alicia were published, the fans, especially the boys. Brought together overwhelmingly With comments in the same direction that The Red Devils' legendary daughter "hot" and would like to get things like this often for Alicia. Currently, a professional internet footballers under the London Pals club, and also the main character of the England team. The age of not over 21 years old. She leapped to this set since only 17 years old, but personal life. She used to have a burning hero in January 2021 due to her violation of the rules. Invite friends to celebrate the New Year at home in Oldham. Until Father Paul had to travel to clear the matter at the police station Resulting in the news of one page all over the country. Alicia is the middle daughter of Paul and Claire Cole. The year of illness is an autistic since birth.
Dang again!"Two" is bored ".|The Chelsea manager Thomas Topas confirms that the important midfielder Ngo Loo has to rest for at least 1 month after the Hamstring injury. And will have to miss the Premier League for at least 5 games. The 31-year-old midfielder is injured in the game at Chelsea draw with Spurs 2-2, causing him to miss out in the latest game that they lost to Leeds United 0- 3 The scan of the injury has come out that He has to rest for at least 4 weeks. "He gave something to our team that other players in the world cannot give. That is his importance. "" It is something that no one likes it. When the main player must not be on the team But that's what we have to handle. It is very important. Of course, it is difficult to find someone to replace him. He is a very special person. " The injuries of the Kungte will make him miss the Premier League game at least 5 games, and if combined with the UEFA Champions League Group, they may have to miss out on the field of 7 games together.
"Bruno" beat victory!Manchester United attacked Lu Sue South Hampon 1-0.|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 4th match, Southampton, No. 11, opened St. Mary Stadium. The visit of Manchester United is the 14th team of the table. Today, the home team uses a 4-2-3-1 plan. Joe Aribo, Mohamed Eu Uu Nusse, Adam Arm, and Chodums, led the net. The visiting team comes in the 4-2-3-1 system as well. Marcus Rashford supports Anthony Alangka, Bruno Fairdes and Chedon Sancho supporting the results of the competition. Appear The Red Devils were attacked to slash 1-0 to win the goal from Bruno Fairdes in the 55th minute. From this victory, Manchester United increased to 6 points, while Southampton has 4 as before
The old champion is still strong!Buriram United 10 attacking Chon Buri FC 3-2|The Thai League football league, Big Match, the 3rd week of the season 2022/23, a strong team like Chon Buri FC opens the house with an old champion like Buriram United, who has won 2 victory games, accumulating the coach of the Shark Shark. A large army on the field Led by foreigners like Danilo Alves and Ama Dua Otara, with a veteran, Sumanya Puri, a commander line in the middle of the Masata Ishi, the big team. Lightning Castle Adjusting the army from the game attacking Sukhothai 6-1, just one position by sending us to play in the rainy season, and the main players like Thirathorn Bunmathan, Suphanat, like Ta and Supachai Jai Jai. Together with the game starting for 3 minutes. The visiting team quickly led the goal. From the rhythm back quickly, Supachai Jai Jai has dropped alone to touch the dodge of Chon Buri. Before crashing into the pole But the ball still came in the way of Frank Castaka repeatedly. After that, the 12th minute Buriram got a 2-0 door. Before paying off the Phan to Supanat, as if the eyes were charged, not enough. Not enough. 4 minutes later, the Lightning Castle, plus the 3-0 goal, added to Narubadin Weerawattanom. Through the center of Suphanat, like the eyes beat the beam absolutely as their 2nd goal in this game, but the 32th minute Chon Buri came to get the goal to hit the eggs 1-3 from Danilo's penalty. Laus and Buriram have to come to 10 players after Sasalak Hai Prakhon, being fired by a red card from the rhythm of the penalty and finishing the first 45 minutes with this score. Second, from the rhythm of Supachai Jai, went to make a foul in the auspicious Rueang Thanaroj in the penalty area and Danilo Alves, the old man was responsible for killing. The home team chased into 2-3 time, there is no more goals. The end of the game, Buriram United, the remaining 10 people, from the first half, confirmed to beat Chon Buri FC. The most 3-2 won 3 games, collecting 9 full points.
Turn off the host!Thai female rubber ball smashed the Philippines 3-1 set through the AVC Cup 2022|2022 AVC Cup Women's Volleyball in the Philippines Arena, Pasik, Philippines, Round 8, the final team of the Thai national women's volleyball team. The second finalists, Group B meet with the Philippines, hosts the 3rd team, Group A, statistics, the last 5 times they met. The Thai girl team won this game. "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwachiramethakul sent the first 6 people, consisting of Pornphan Kerdapra, the captain of the team, Watchareeya Nuancham, Cattley Pinsuwan, Pimphichaya Kam. Chatchura Moksri, Thichakorn Boonlert and independent receiver is Piyanuch Pae Noi, the first set. The Thai team won 25-18 points but missed in the second set. Being hit by the Philippines 1-1, with a loss of 23-25 ​​points After the beginning, there was still an error for the Philippines to score first. After that, the Thai girl team turned overtaking. And return to win 25-20 points Causing the Thai team to run long points Not difficult to overcome 25-9 points. The Thai national women's volleyball game defeated the Philippine national team 3-1 set to meet with the Chinese national team in the semifinals. Which will compete tomorrow at 19:00 at Thai time
"Modes" strike!Borussia Dortmund invaded Hardtha Berlin 1-0|The Bundesliga German Football Competition 2022/23, 4th match, Hartha Berlin, the 16th team, opened Olympia Stadio. Received the 7th visit of Borussia Dortmund on the table. Today, the home team uses the 4-3-3 Mark Camfit. Ajuke and Wilfree Freuda are three net hunting coordination. The visiting team came in the 4-2-3-1 system. Anthi Modeste supports the target of Karim Adeymi, Marco Royce and Julian Brand to support the results. The yellow tiger warlord won 1-0 to win the goal from Anthi Modes Tung Tung Network in the minute that 32 from this victory, Borussia Dortmund has increased to 9 points, while Hardtha Berlin has not won anyone.
"Firmino" wielding "Dia" Dille!Liverpool exploded in the form of Bournemouth 9-0.|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, 4th match, Liverpool, ranked 16th that has not won anyone. Opening the Anfield field Received the visit of AFC Bournemouth, the new team that ranked 15th in the table. Today, the home team uses 4-3-3 Mohamed Salah, Louis Diaz and Roberto Firmino is the three net hunting. The visiting team came in the 3-4-2-1 system. Kofer Moore supports the target of Anthony and Marcus Tower. Supporting the results of the competition, it appears that The Reds Warlord is a landslide to overcome the 9-0 goals from Louis Diaz 2 and 85, Harvey Elliot, 6th minute, Trent Alexander-Ah. 28 minutes, Roberto Firmino, 31 minutes and 62, Virgin Diike, 45 minutes, Chris Mesfam made his own goal for 46 minutes and Fabio Carwalo. 81 minutes from this victory, Liverpool have released the first successfully, with 5 points added. AFC Bournemouth has 3 points as before.
"Halnd" Hatrick Hero!Manchester City shot overtaking Crystal Palace 4-2|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 4th match, Man City, secondary, the leader of the Etihad Stadium, the visit of Crystal Palace, ranked No. 10. Today, the home team uses 4-3- 3 Riyad Mahrez, Philphoden and Erlinghal Nard are three net hunting coordination. The visiting team came in the system 5-4-1. Od Song Edr supports the target of Ebere Chi and Jordan Ayu to support the results of the competition. The blue sailors were over to overcome 4-2. The goal from Barnardo Silva 53 and Erlinghalan made a 62-minute hat-8 and 81 hat-81 hat. Before from John Stones, he entered his own goal. The 4th minute and Jo Kim Undersen came up with a corner kick. 21 from this victory, Manchester City has increased to 10 points in Crystal Palace, with 4 points as before.
"Sterling" is over!Chelsea 10 opens the house, Bub Leicester City 2-1|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 4th match, Chelsea, ranked 12th, opened Stamford Bridge, the visit of Leicester City, the plum of the table. Today, the home team uses 3-4 plans. -2-1 Kai Harware, Mason Moon and Rahim Sterling are three coordinating in the offensive line. The visiting team came in the system 4-1-4-1. Jiwardee supports the target of Harvie Barnes and Dennis Praft to support the results. The military lion Blues was a fun party to win 2-1. The goal from Raheim Sterling Mao alone in the 47th and 63 minute, while the blue fox has returned from Harvey Barnes 66 by In this game, Chelsea has left 10 players since the 28th minute, due to the second yellow Gallar Gallagers became the red card fired from the field from this victory, causing Chelsea to increase to 7 points. Ster City has not won anyone, has 1 point as before.
Summary of the 4th Premier League football match, 27-28 August 2022|The head of the big team won the Arsenal. Open the house. The house collected 3 points still remains in the 4th match. Man City is ranked 2nd in Spurs. 3 and Brighton opened the house to win 1-0 up to the 4th in the middle of the Chelsea table. Open a 2-1 home winner, ranked 6th, while Manchester United collected 3 points, moving to the rank of 8, Liverpool opened the house. 9-0, unlocking the first victory to the 9th and West Ham won in this match, moving to the 16th zone at the end of the Leicester City table, who losing to Chelsea this week, the Premier League score.
Updated the Premier Lee Lee Lee, the 4th match, 27-28 August 2022.|Premier League score table The big team won the Arsenal. Open the house, collecting 3 points, still in the 4th match. Man City is ranked 2nd in Spurs, attacking 0-2 Forest, ranked 3rd and Brighton opened the house to win 1-0 up to the 4th in the middle of the Chelsea table. Open a 2-1 home winner, ranked 6th, while Manchester United collected 3 points, moving to the 8th. Liverpool opened Bournemouth. 9-0, unlock the first victory to the 9th place and West Ham won in this match, moved to the 16th zone at the end of Leicester City, who losing to Chelsea this week.
Hey 4 games!Arsenal is still strong. Open the nest, turn off 2-1 to the crowd.|The English Premier League football match between "Cannon" Arsenal opened the house with Fulham at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday night, August 27, starting the game 15. The home team had the opportunity to win before Martin Oddta put a long ball into the penalty area of ​​Gabriel Cases. Visit some response from the rhythm of the garden. Once again, Buka Yo Saka fell off the penalty area before chopping the chicken with the left. The brand Leno was still able to block in time. The first half is still equal. 0-0 in the second minute, 54 minutes, the home team had a chance to win immediately. Gabriel Martinelli dragged the ball before flowing for Martin Oddt card to press with the left, but the Leno brand rushed. Another minute 56 became the visiting team that attacked less than 1-0 to the goal. Rams Dell plugged into the remote pole into the 64th minute. The home team could reconcile immediately. Buko Yo Saka took the ball up before paying into the penalty area for Martin Odddar to shoot, ricochet. Arsenal followed 1-1 minutes. 85. The home team came to have a corner kick. Gabriel Martinlli opened the curve into the penalty area of ​​the Leno brand. Rialo Malon Charging the bottom of the Arsenal net to overtake 2-1. End of the game. "Cannon" Arsenal opened the house. And stretching the statistics to win 4 games, 12 points, overtaking Manchester City back to the crowd again List of players of both teams Arsenal (4-2-3-1): Aaron Rams Del-Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Malis , Kiran Tierne (Eddie Enctia, 61) - Mohamed Elne, Granit Chaka -Bakayo Saka, Martin Ode Card (Rob Holding N. 94), Gabriel Martinlie - Gabriel Chet (Takehariro Toiyasu, 89) Fulham (4-2 -3-1): Leno -Kenny Tete (Kevin MBB Nor. 79), Tosin Adara Bio Yo, Tim Im (Jay Stanfield N. 90), Ae Noni Robinson - Harrison Reed, Palinya (Nathana Chalobah, 90) - Nice Genas Gabano (Tom Carey N. 69), Andres Perera (Isazady Yot, 79), Bobby Silbie - Alexan Dar Mitovic. Referee: Jar Ret Yillette
Hold the league leader!Milan returned the house opening form, smashing Bologna 2-0, Serie Azia.|The Italian Serie A Serie A Football match between "Red Devils" AC Milan opened the house with Bologna at Sanseo Stadium on Saturday night, August 27, starting the game 21 minutes. AC Milan got a 1-0 goal from the rhythm of Charles de Ketlae to compete for the ball and dragged it to Rafaelle to hold and press with the left pillar. Almost added Pierre Calu, dragging the ball from the middle of the field before making a bunch of Charles De Ketlae. First, the 45th minute, "Red Devils" almost again, Rafael led to the penalty area before shooting at the first pole, but Lucasz Square came out to close the corner in time. Still leading 1-0 in the second minute. 58. The host has the first opportunity. Andria Cambiezo pays the ball. Ruda fell to shoot the net. AC Milan moved away for 2-0 minutes. At 70, the visiting team had the opportunity to hit the eggs from the free kick in front of the penalty area. The ball rushed through the hand of the Mike Men, the home team, but the pillars had come out a little. The game "Red Devils Black" AC Milan opened the house, defeating Bologna 2-0. Of the league with 7 points equal to Lazio, Torino and Roma, but the child is better than the players of both teams AC Milan (4-2-3-1): , Davide Kalabaria, Pierre Calulu, Fiko Toomori, Teo Air Nongdez, Sandoro Toni, Isma L Bennazer, Junior Mess Sias, Charles de Ketlare, Rafaelle, Olivier Shiroud Bologna (3-5-2): Lucas Square , Aidama Soo Oro, Gary Medel, John Lucumi, Dense Casius, Emmanuel Vick Nato, Yardie Skuthe, Nico Gala Sadoming Gues, Andrea Cambiezo, Marco Arunovic, Musa Barrow
Outstanding, eye -catching!"Michel Kua Light", a young lady slapper, Dan Pins, off the field, very spicy (picture)|Considered to be very outstanding for Michel Kuma, the young lady's number 7 of the Philippines in the Women's Volleyball Competition 2022 in the Philippines. Hosted the competition, in addition to her work in her field, with her face and shape, must say that it became a target immediately. It can be said that the live camera is almost captured by her image during the break between the game. The 29 -year -old girl slapper is considered a celebrity in his home country. Born in California, the United States before traveling back to live in Gazon. Famous as a fireworks from participating in Big Brother in 2014. She also entered the beauty pageant. While grabbing the position of Binibining Pilipinas 2018, as well as the final 15 people. The Miss Globe 2018, before grabbing the 2nd runner -up position, the Filipino Miss Univers 2020 for Michel Kuma, playing in the right position. MVP positions up to 5 times last season. Playing for the Cool Cream Cream of the club in his hometown. Take the team to win the league Before making a break to play to turn to good politics in 2022
Gleaning important issues after the game!Liverpool form bombard Bournemouth 9-0.|"Reds" Liverpool exploded. Bournemouth bombing the most demolished 9-0, winning the first match of the season in the English Premier League. We try to see the important issues that occur in this game that What happened? 1. Two goals, the game made "Red Swan" without worry. FBL-ENG-PR-Liverpool-Bournemouthfbl-English. Started hot by getting 2 goals within the first 6 minutes of the game Anfield from Louis Diaz and Harvey Elliot, making the game moment of the game after that became all of them. The Red Swan seems to be repressed from the first 3 league's head opening, which is not able to find a victory. The team of the face attacking the score once again. The type that has the goal is not enough. All of their strokes become all the way. The confidence of each star is even more multiplied. 2. Elliot, counting one Harvey Elliottliverpool FC V AFC BOURNEUTH - Premier League / Visionhaus / Gettyimages after Harvey Elliot has moved from Fulham in Anfield since the 2019 Summer, just one name on the scoreboard in the mother. The FA Cup 2021/22, with Elliot's goals, this is the first goal of the 19 -year -old Premier League game, exploded emotionally, showing the most joy that he could not hold back the tears of joy. Have It can be said that it is the season that he is ready to establish one of the main force of the full team. 3. Bobby Day Harvey Elliott, Roberto Firmino - Soccerlverpool FC V AFC Bournemouth - Premier League / Visionhaus / Gettyimages is a game that will be created with teammates. All for the hat -assist in 28 minutes and 1 goal before the first half shows the heat of the type of stop. Blame the assist for Louis Diasa to open the door. One moment after that, the shock of the ball slipped out to be good when entering the Harvey Elliot, spinning with the left, emphasized. Followed by connecting the Alexander-Arnold. Far out of the goal 3-0 and the name on the scoreboard 4-0 before the end of the ball 7-0 is their 2nd door in the second half. The Klopp team has set a record of the FBL-Eng-PR-Liverpool-Bournemouthfbl-English. Liverpool / Oli Scarff / Gettyimages. Sorted from- the most lack of victory in the team of the team of Yergen Klopp- is the first game that the Reds shot in the highest league up to 9 goals since defeating Crystal Palace 9-0 (1989 ) As well as dominating the statistics equivalent to the victory with the most different doors as much as Ruen Kaew Castle 9-0 in the same match And victory over Rotter Ham Town 10-1 (1896)- Roberto Firmino is the first Liverpool player to participate in 5 goals (hat-assist with 2 goals) in the stage. The Premier League-9-0 victory of Liverpool in the Premier League is equivalent to victory with a huge door equivalent to Manchester United-Southampton (2020/21), Southampton-Leicester City (2019/20) and Manchester United-Ipsawit. (1994/95) 5. Scott Parker Scott SCOTT PARKER - Soccerlverpool FC V AFC BOURNEOUTH - Premier League/Visionhaus/Gettyimages Birds May be a little unfortunate when being opposite the duel with Manchester City (0-4), Arsenal (0-3) and Liverpool (0-9), 3 consecutive matches and all defeats. Clearly, both the standard of the troops Dae Chorry Which cannot be connected to the Big League team of the league at all, even what Scott Parker has to accelerate the homework before the deadline. The football market will arrive on 1 September is to close the deal. wiry Image up the team urgently if hoping to survive in the Premier League this season.
Thai vs Chinese: Women's Volleyball AVC Cup 2022, Statistics, Live broadcast|AVC Cup Women Volleyball Competition 2022 (AVC Cup 2022) or 2022 Asian Cup Women's Volleyball in Pasik Philippines Accepting the face of the mat as the host Between 21-29 August, "Thai girl slapping army", the 14th team in the world, passed to the semi-final round, met with the 4th Chinese national team in the world and number 1 in Asia at this time. This 5 -time degree of champions, which all the works in the past "Thai female rubber ball" is very inferior. See each other all 18 times. Beat up to 15 times. The Thai team has only won only 3 times. However, the latest game met on the Nations League 2022 in June is the "Thai girl slap" who has overcome. Get 3-2 sets, Head to Head 5, the last 5 times: Thailand won 2, China won 35 June 2022: Thailand beat China 3-2 sets (Nation League) 27 May 2021: China won Thai 3-0 set. (Nation League) August 24, 2019: Thailand beat China 3-1 set (Asian Championship) 28 May 2019: China won Thai 3-0 set (Nation League) 7 October 2018: China won Thai 3- 0 set (World Championship) for Thai national women's volleyball team There is a program to meet with the Chinese national team on Sunday 28 August 2022 at 15.00 hrs. Fans can watch the live broadcast on One31 and PPTV 36 online.
Comments to the home team!"Philippine rubber ball" picked up from "Thai girl", AVC Cup 2022|Became a big issue in the neighboring rubber industry immediately after the competition The Philippine national team lost to the Thai girl team 1-3 sets in the 2022 AVC Cup Women's Volleyball competition in Pasik. Philippines On Saturday, August 28, after the game, the local fans came out to admire their own players who were able to pick up a set from the Thai team with the highest number 14 in the world. Premier Volleyball League. We try to listen to this comment. Comments 1, Philippines Nothing to be sad They fight well with the strong Thai team. We are still very proud of you. Comments 2 Thai teams are full of smart and fast players. They prevent excellent invasions. Although our team developed, it was not able to predict the attack from Thai women. Comments 3, it was a very fierce competition. With meeting with the 14th Thai team in the world! Congratulations on the set of Philippines. And thank you for the full comments. The 4th comment from a strong team like Thailand is considered successful. Everyone is excellent. We know how dangerous the Thai team is. But when you see it on the real field, you must say that they are very fast. 5 This is better than meeting in the last SEA Games. That we lost 0-3 sets (15-25, 13-25 and 14-25). 6 Philippines is very good. Getting 1 set from the Thai team is a great power that will make us a true success. Continue to develop with this system We will have a good volleyball in the future. We still can't read the game. And the playing block of the Thai team that is smart to enter the points. Comments 7 wins. One set is a great success. As is well known that Thailand is the world's leading team in the Women's Volleyball Comment, the 8th Thai team is still playing simply. Making the attacks of Canaza and Carlos almost not as a whole. They are superior to us. Good luck with the rest of the route. Fight the Thai team. Comments 9, the Thai girl team is like wearing special power in the 4th set. That is what shows why they are the 14th in the world. However, we are still proud. In the Philippines team, comments 10, this game, the Thai team plays the best because we can't lose to us. Everything indicates very well as they compete in the Nations League. It's a good game And congratulations to them who have passed the semi -comments at 11 Even if losing in this game But it is a great fight And there is nothing to be embarrassed. The girl is doing the best. With 1-3 sets of losing, the Thai team shows the potential to see how strong they are. After the game, they also commented. And support our work. Comments 12, it's a really good game. Filipino fans Satisfied with the results of the competition, even if losing to Thailand. It will allow us to improve. And increase skills and skills from the experience that fought with the 14th team in the world. Comments 13 I do not know why the Philippines is happy to lose to the Thai team, whether height, body and knowledge in the rules. rules We are not inferior to them. But why, when we enter the racetrack, we are inferior to him. The 14th comment, this player is full of players from the Cream Cream Cream Club. That is the 14th in the world. Comments 15, the Philippines team Must have a better receiver However, meeting with the Thai team (ranked 14 in the world) is always a difficult job that 16 Philippine Team Playing more than 5 decades, but we are not really like the Thai national team is Combined with their attitude that is determined by the victory, in the 17th comment, this game is obvious that we are still inferior to the Thai national team. In terms of agility And the game reading experience during the competition However, we are proud of you all.
If submitting, then ready to come immediately!The famous journalist pointed at 1 football, ready to move Liverpool Summer.|Benjacobs, CBS Sport Reporters Show the views on the midfielder in the football market through The Football Terrace. Stated that there is a high possibility at the midfielder from the team of the English Premier League. In the latest game, they have to push James Milner to settle down in the middle with Harvey Elliott, with Jordan Henderson selected at the end, in which the team is lacking Keyman like Nabi Keita. , Tiago Alkantara, Alex Ox-Champanic and Cortis Jones, while Fabinjo fit just into the field in the second half of the red boiling battle. Cobs Commenting that Yuri hit Lemans will be interested in moving to play to Anfield Summer. When the current contract and the agency is ending in the summer 2023 "Yergen Klopp said that if they continue to grab the new midfielder to join the team That will happen for the reason. Looking at him is part of the long -term future. Otherwise, they will continue to wait for the right opportunity, "Jacobs said to The Football Terrace." The thing that made me was anxious was that I thought that Liverpool wanted a new playmaker, whether he was there. In Liverpool's long -term plans, or not, this market has an option in the midfielder that can be the target of Liverpool. One of them is Yuri hit Lemans, where he will consider the opportunity to move to Liverpool. This information is because the agent of the concerned person has proceeded in the possibility of such opportunities at the beginning of the football market. Especially in January, he became news with Arsenal "" Liverpool Usually the news to Lemans, so I think that if they move forward in this deal, it will be a more attitude than a market strategy that they have prepared well. And the important factor is the price that the team will have to pay to Leicester. "
This price is not for sale!Ajax is stiff, brushing a large sum of Manchester United, submitting "Antoni".|Ajax rejected the proposal. Manchester United Club worth 90 million euros (about 76.3 million pounds) that the Red Devils grabbed Antoni during the final curve of Football market This summer is completed. The 2 -year -old Brazilian national team is one of Eric Ten Hak's top target, after Manchester United just closed the deal of Gazeo from Real Madrid to join the army. Officially a few days ago, under the value of 70 million pounds, after Lisan Do Martinez, Tyrell Maladee and the Red Devils Christians In the deal of Antoni again, after they were linked to Keyman Ajax, the thick ears over the past few weeks, with the latest proposal of the enormous value of the Ereadivie champions. "Agency I have asked to move the team to the agency since February to seek a new challenge. As well as being interested from other interesting clubs, "Antoni opened with Fabrisio Romano through the YouTube of the news of the news hawk. Italian, "I have exhibited the desire to move out of Ajax throughout the table, negotiating the contract throughout the past month." "Today in discussions with the board. I clearly show that I want to move out of the club. This time, it was an attitude with a proposal on the table. Other parties involved have continued to reach the end, but Ajax also rejected the proposal, reasoning that they were left to find my agent. "" I didn't ask Ajax to release me, but I asked. Let Ajax sell me out of the team with the highest value that the players from Eredivie have received. "" I am happy that Aums Dam I won a lot of Ajax with friends and created a football route throughout the past. But now I'm ready for a new driving in order to follow my dreams. "" People have to listen to me and understand my motivation that will lead me to happiness. I want to continue to do the high level of work. Ajax will stay in my heart forever. "
Carry the doctor!"Harrison" can't walk after losing "Nong Oh" Battle One (Clip)|Became a fight that fans around the world talk a lot for the meeting of Nong O, a five -star grilled chicken, a Thai fighter with Liam Harrison, a British boxer in the One Fight Night 1 battle in Singapore. On Saturday 27 August, by the said fight, the results of the competition are known that "The King killed not to die", a 35 -year -old Thai fighter, protecting the world championship belt, One Muay Thai Boxing For the 6th period after attacking the left leg of the opponent until he could not stand up to fight only the first round. After the end of the fight, Liam Harrison was taken to the hospital to Look at the injury on the left knee after that the person could not walk by himself. Before posting on social media with the message that "It can't be explained how irritated I feel. I practiced very hard, but had to end with the knee pain, just the first round. I have been practicing hard for many years. I deserve to get better things. "" Don't pity me. Fans should admire Nong Oh, he can do better than me. I felt discouraged and heartbroken. I didn't want to lose with this kind of injury. Thank you for the message. And support It won't end this. I will come back. "After receiving the examination thoroughly The 36 -year -old Dan boxer was able to leave the hospital. Can go back to treat at home Which requires a crutch to help support walking And hoping that the person will revive the injury again
Fix the championship at Buriram!Toyota Gazoo Racing Team Thailand|Toyota Gazoo Racing Team Thailand, the big and highly successful racing team in the motor sport industry Under the support of Toyota Motor Thailand Company Limited Hot form in the 2nd event of the ASEAN Car Race "Thailand Super Series 2022" won the 1st Championship, both GT3 Pro and GTM AM, led by Sutthiphong Smithchat, Natthawut Charoen Sukha. Watthana, Piti Phiromphakdi, Earl Bamber, Natthaphong Wrapthongkham, Manatkul Palanon, Akkhaphong Akkani Roth, Kritwasurat and Kentrosujitori 25-28 August 2022 at Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram province, "Toyota Gazoo Racing Team Thailand" sent a team with a trusted car to fight the Chang Chang fighting "Thailand Super Series 2022" Race 3 and 4 in all 3. Model in Thailand Super Car GT3 Pro with the Lexus RC-F Car. Win the most fun. The car number 19 drove by Natthaphong Panthongkham and Manatkul Palanon. The rhythm and the car that has been set perfectly as you wish. Step on the full speed of all dramas, complete 1 hour, grab the number 1 in the version and overal in Race 3, perfectly and 4th in Race 4, the car number 12 drives by Tod-Piti Phiromphakdi and Earl Bamber DNF both race due to an accident from other cars, causing the competition to not end. Lost the opportunity to do work, even when Qualify Come out quite well in the competition in Thailand Super Car GTM AM. This model is the most fun, because all teams want to championship, using the Lexus RC-F car into the field to measure the power of this event. Sukawattana Still not disappointed by the fans A decisive skill shows 1 hour, full of double champions of both Race 3 and 4 and Thailand Super Car GTM Pro, the junior driver Akkhaphong Akni Niroth No. 38, doing the work equally. Grabbed the 3rd place of generation in Race 3 and No. 2 in Race 4, allowing the team to receive the team trophy as well. Ending in the Thailand Super Car GTC model, which competes with 12 rounds, not losing other models, wearing speed. Toyota Supra, No. 69, driven by Krit Wasurat, the secondary champion in the event before wearing it. Close the game with the 4th place in Race 3, number 22, drive by Kentaro Tori Chijitori, grab the 5th place in Race 3 and Race 4 and the car number 19 drives by Sutthiphong Smithchat. 12 After the competition, Suthipong Smithchat, the director of the team and the Toyota Kasurazing team, the Thailand team said, "This event is very fun and fierce. Every team releases the full power. The team sets everything to be the most perfect. The racers and support teams do their best to overcome all obstacles until winning the championship cup in the GT3 & GTM model, especially the GT3 that we are determined and intended. Today we can accumulate more points. Everyone is very happy. The next field will be a support in "Singapore Grande Prix 2022" at the Marina Bay Stadium Street Sergit, a street surkit that has previously organized F1. Clock The range of range is 5.063 km. Curved 23 curves, which is the first competition of the team in this field. We will all do our best. "To send encouragement to" Toyota Gazoo Racing Team Thailand "in the next race program" Thailand Super Series 2022 "which will be supported as a support in Singapore Grand Prix 2022 between 30 September - 2 October 2022 at Marina Bay Street Sergit, Singapore. Join to follow and cheer for the Thai car racing team that is determined and determined to develop continuously. More at www.facebook.com/toyotagazooracingteamthailand
Thrilling 5 sets!"Thai girl volleyball" fighting with all hearts, defeating China, starving AVC Cup 2022|Women's Volleyball Competition, AVC Cup 2022, semi -final Thai national team, meet the 4th Chinese national team in the world in the Philippines Arena, Pasic, Philippines. On Sunday, August 28, 2022, this game "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwacharamethakul Send the first player, consisting of Pornphan Kerdpra, Sage, Boonlert, Hathaya Taksuk, Chatch Churamoksri, Pimphichaya Gulk, Charatporn Sakasak and Piyanuch Pae Noi. The first set Both teams can fight with each other, always have fun. 5-5, then Thai girls tear to score 8-6 before moving away from 16-12, the defensive game of the Thai team. Still doing more excellent. The lead platform is 20-17 before closing the game to win 25-19 up. Bring 1-0 set. Two sets of games are close to 7-7. Clearly, scored 13-10 before the distance of 17-11, although Thai girls tried to chase, but not even lost 20-25, 1-1 set. The three Chinese girls solved the game clearly. Bring 10-8, plus the defensive game of a Thai girl doesn't seem to be able to solve when encountering a large height of the competitors who slapped away to 15-10 before scoring the score of 20-14 away and closing the set for 25-14. Chinese girl overtaking 2-1 sets four sets of four games close to the beginning of 6-6. After that, Thai girls play with determination to tear up 12-9, the situation changes immediately. Thailand led 17-12 games at the end. Having said that, thrilling when we brought 23-17, but the Chinese girl chased after 22-23. China is doing well, especially the serving game, pressing as a leader 5-3 before going away from 8-4 away. Set through To the finals Successfully for the Thai national team, there is a program to enter the 3rd final game, waiting to meet with the loser between Japan and Vietnam on Monday 29 August 2022 (broadcast on One31 and PPTV 36 online).
Can't fight!"View Kulwut" defeated "Azelsen" grabbed the position of a single -male world champion.|Large tournament of badminton competitions "Tatal Energy BW World Championship 2022 "or World Championship In Tokyo, Japan On Sunday, August 28, 2022, single male category The finals "View" Kulwut Wititsan, the world's 17th hand fur larvae, meet with Victor Azelsen 1 in the world of Denmark. Former World Championship 2017 and the owner of the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Medal, with this pair having met all 4 times, it appears that the Victor Azelsen, which is very superior as the victory. The latest met in the World Tour of Final 2021, the dairy lady slapped 2-0 to win the first game. 11-4, then also shows excellent form, chasing the score away before closing the game, winning 21-5 up. Switched to play and wait for the rhythm to lead 6-4. However, Azelsen followed 11-11 before turning the situation to overtake 16-12 and beat another 21-16, allowing 2-0 to overcome the game. Compete 50 minutes from the results of the competition in this game, Victor Azelsen won the world championship for the second period from 2017. "View" Kulwut Wititsan did the best is the world champion. Ready to make history as the first Thai badminton player who was able to reach the finals in the World Championship.
Drama game!Ratchaburi opens 10 Lamphun nest 1-0 to win 3 matches in 3 matches.|The Thai League football match between the "King of the Dragon", Ratchaburi FC, opened the house with "Rajano" Lamphun Warrior at Mitr Phol Stadium Stadium on Sunday, August 28, 2022. Opened the game for 13 minutes. The home team almost got the goal, bringing Chakraphan Kaew carpet, opening the ball from the left side of the line, cutting the support to Henopyo Win, running to shoot, but the ball was not curved enough to pass through the goal. The right side of the ball was prominent, entered the penalty for Ali Sisosco to pour the tackles but were not good. The first half is still equal. 0-0 in the second minute, the 50th minute, the host almost got Hakhidet Wethawong, opening the ball into the penalty area for Derley to score the goal. But the assistant referee raised a advanced flag from the previous rhythm of the 62nd minute. The visiting team came from the rhythm of Jirawat Thongsaeng Prao, doing handball. The referee watched VAR before raising the red card out of the field in the minute. 68 and from the penalty of the visiting team, Ook Yen Mood Risgie is responsible for the safety of Kampon Pathomkhakul, causing Lamphun Warrior to not score a lead. While also having to come to play only 10 minutes at the 76th minute. The host is somewhat, Romario Balde opens the ball for Chakraphan Kaew Phrom with the right and pressing with the left, Tung Tung, Ratchaburi FC. C opened the house to defeat "King of the White Cattle" Lamphun Warrior 1-0 to collect three points and make a statistics 3 matches in a row, collecting 9 points, full of titles, the names of the players of both teams, Ratchaburi FC: Kampon Pathom Akhakul, Junhueng Park, Kasidadej Wethawong, Chakraphan Kaewprom, Alwin Forts, Henpho Win, Jirawat Thongsangpha, Dazzling, Kiatisak Chiam Udom, , Darley Lamphun Warrior: Sawangkamiam, Tosaphon Lanat, Ian Ramsey, Akkhaphong Poomwiset, Mohammed Osaman, Jane Samphandi, Ali Sisco Thawin Cleawutwut, Santi Rat Niyom, Thiti Thumphon, Chaiwat Buran
Exchange fun!Newcastle survived the last minute, invading the points.Wolves 1-1|The English Premier League football match between "Wolf" Wolf Hmpton meets "Salikadong" Newcastle at Molinus Stadium on Sunday night, August 28, 2022, starting the game. 12 minutes, the visiting team had the opportunity to win before the moment Chris Wood shot, ricocheted, receiving the ball. Out of the frame, incredible. The 25th minute, the home team got some opportunities, Rul Himenes took the ball up to the left before opening up to the penalty area. Rolling out across the beam after the 32nd minute, the home team began to win more attacking games than Nelson Semeo, laid a longer to the penalty area for Raul Himenez to press with the left, but was not good. The Pope is not difficult. The 38th minute. The home team is heavy. Gonzalo Gudes passed the ball into Rubnevest. Wolf Hmpton brought 1-0 with the first half with this score. The second half of the 53th minute "Salika Dong" almost got a rival goal, Miguel Ali Son, got the ball on the left before opening quickly into the penalty area. Chuat got a goal away from Pedro Neo to compete for the ball before dragging into the penalty area to open for Raul Himenez to shoot, but the referee checks VAR and not because Neo went to make a foul at the moment of the ball. The last of the game From the ball open into the penalty area, Hwang Hee-Chan kicking, leaving the penalty area of ​​Al-Saint-Maksamang. Running with the right pole into the Newcastle, followed by 1-1, ending the Wolf Hampon Game. Always open the house with Newcastle 1-1, divided into one team per team, making "Wolf" still unable to win this season. The players of both teams Wolf Hampan (4-3 -3): Josesa -Jonnie Otto, Nathan Collins, Max Killman, Nelson Semeo -Mate Nues, Rubneve S, Chu Mutinho -Pedro Neo, Rulul Himenes, Gonzalo Gi Deva Cassel (4-3-3): Nick Pope -Kiran Triple, Fabian Char, Swen Botes, Burn -Joe Wilok, Sean Long Staff, Cholin Episode - Miguel Almond, Chris Woo D, Along Saint-Maksimang, the referee: Peter Bank
"Ken" beat!Spurs attack the Forest 2-0 up at 3 Premier League.|The 4th Premier League football match between the new Forest Ham Forest team, opening the City Ground to visit Tottenham Hotspur. The card stands as the target and Brendan Johnson and Morgan Gibbons are supporters, while Antonio Conte's Spurs are still not able to use Christian Romero. By using the attacking game, using Dean Culuzk, Svezki, Son Hungmin and Harry Ken as before. The results show that The game has just been 5 minutes. The first attack of the visiting team. Which was taken from Harry Ken, the striker of the team that Dean Henderson loses the right to protect And this goal is considered the 200 goal in the league of the England team captain. The host who dominates the ball more But still unable to drill the rival door While the guests from London Aiming to use the selling point in the garden But not yet the 2nd goal, the first half of the Spurs brought 1-0 back to the second half. 53 Steve Cook to brush the ball from the rhythm of Harry Ken. It was Ken who got up to kill, but Dean Henderson read it and brushed off the 61th minute. But shot to the receiver And the saving rhythm of Henderson, the game through 75 minutes, Forest, who tried to invade and played the cheering. But still unable to get a rival goal for 81 minutes. Spurs moved away to 2-0. The rhythm of Richarlyseon opened the Koi with the right pillar to Harry Ken. Percent missed the 3rd goal when the Spanz shoots next to Forest's receipt. The rest of the time does not have an additional goal. The Spurs attack 2-0 to win as 10 points. Of other pair tables, Aston Villa 0-1 West Ham United Wolf Hmpton, Derers 1-1 Newcastle United
The development department explained the drama, the referee VAR was happy to support his heart.|According to the image of the VAR referee in the 3rd Thai league game, the 3rd pair between Chon Buri opened the house and Buriram caused the criticism of inappropriate. To the said case in the name of Referee Development Department Football Association of Thailand Under the royal patronage I apologize to the said image that causes uncomfortable and concern about the image of the referee. From the inquiry, VAR, who has expressed his condolences to the trend of criticism, confirming that in the game Such that he had done his own duties innocently. And full of ability Because it is well known that it is a large game that has a lot of football fans. Because they do their duties correctly Therefore showing the said gesture to increase confidence In performing duties under the pressure that occurred for 90 minutes by the referee development department Reminds the referee about the said Var about the acting acting that has not appeared. In order to show sincerity Referee development department Would like to bring the clip in the VAR room to explain the context of all the things for Criteria for selection of referees And assistant referee Including the referee VAR will have the following specifications: 1. Must be a referee that is registered as a referee of the Football Association of Thailand. 2. Must pass the training and physical performance test as the Football Association of Thailand. 3. Must not have a domicile and workplace in the province that has to perform duties. 4. Must never act in that team for a period of 2-3 consecutive matches. Was ordered to rest his duties. 6. Must be a person who is not involved with that team. 7. Organized according to the referee's free date. 8. To be based on the referees participating on Sundays. 9. If there is a new update According to the above criteria Committee of the Referee Will consider the case of the referee development department Football Association of Thailand Under the royal patronage
"Levan" press two Tung!Barca collapses 4-0 Baro Dol.|Spanish La Liga Football Battle Sunday, August 28, 2022 Barcelona, ​​the 6th place, open the home, welcome Real, Valdolid, who still has no Chai Ranked 17 of the Barcelona table. Good news when registering. Kunde's work, he was also perfect by stretching to stand as a right -back. While the center partner is Garcia, Aoro Ho in the 4-3-3 system. The offensive line is still Levandovski, Dambele, Rafinya, Baya Doli, invaded 4-1-4-1 by leaving Guardiola to support and have Anu R, A. Guodo, Perez, Sanchez Support the game for 15 minutes. Barcelona almost brought first. When Rafinya dressed in the left foot and opened the curve in the penalty area for Robert Lewandovski to wipe the pole. unfortunate Referred to repeat But the ball went again. In the end, the 24th minute Barca was brought 1-0 until when Rafinya got the ball on the right and then dressed in the left foot again before opening the curve to the pole too far to Levand. Afgskie charges the burning of the net. The better the 43rd minute, the more the 43th minute, Usan Dambele shows the crawling crawl from the right and then paying straight to the space, allowing Padi to insert up to play on the second half of the net. Displayed as 3-0 when Usman Dambele pays through to Levandovski running with the visiting team in the right penalty area. Before the spearhead Poland shows above the heel The ball ricocheted the said defender into the goal. I also had the opportunity to hit the eggs as well. When Roke Meza dragged back and paid for Anu R Mohamed to come out alone. But chose to shoot at full force, causing the ball to cross the crossbar to go out to the injury. The 2nd minute Barca came to close the box from the shot of Serge Roberto. -0 Clean Sheet Hi, 2 games, stored up to 7 points to seize Secondary of the crowd of other football results. Keta Fe 0-0 Barrerareal Barcelona 4-0 Real Valodo Dolid Espanjol 1-3 Real Madrid
Close the deal!Manchester United is 100 million euros. "Anthony" enhances the offensive line.|The famous sports ESPN revealed that the Manchester United of the Premier League is approaching Ajax Amsterdam's Anthony after being rejected 2 times during In the past, close news sources reported to the media that The negotiations between the two clubs are doing well throughout the weekend. And believe that they will be able to reach an agreement before the trading market is closed on Thursday, United Has submitted a proposal to Ajax for 2 times, with 80 million euros and 90 million euros, but it was rejected last Friday. The Holland champion team needs up to 99 million eurospN. Even now, both teams are not able to fall into each other. But the negotiations have progressed in a good way. Which seems to be able to find the conclusion as slow as possible. On Thursday, Anthony previously informed the agency Ajax that he did not want to enter the field for the team and ready to move the team. With the goal of Manchester United to work with Eric Tenhak again
Back to the old nest!Bill Light borrowing "Errera" from PSG|Andrerera, the Paris Saint Germain team, returned to football with Athletic Bill Light. Bill Niao announced the official to grab the Paris's diligent midfielder Andrerera. With a lack of purchase option to play for Athletic Bill Light again after the players moved from Real Sarakosa to join the team in the 2011/12 season. At that time, 128 games were ready. 11 goals. In addition, the club finals in the Europa League and Copa Del Ray in the 2011/12 season. For Erera, there is no position in Christoph's PSG team. In the past, the club tried to find a way to release from the team before moving back to Bill. Finally, the loan agreement.
Nakhon Ratchasima, chasing Chao Muang Thong United 1-1 Thai League|Thai League football 2022/23, match 3, Sunday, August 28, 2022, Nakhon Ratchasima, Mazda FC 1-1, Muang Thong United Stadium: Chaloem Phrakiat 80th Anniversary, Thai League 2022/2023, on August 28, 2022 at the Chaloem Phrakiat Stadium. 80 years is a meeting between Nakhon Ratchasima FC. The homes are open to the visit of Muang Thong United, with the latest work in the league of both teams. On the side of Swat Kat, won the PT PT 1-0 while the visiting team always played at home, Lampang FC 2-2 and a half, the first game started 4 minutes. Throwing into the penalty area of ​​Adisak Kraisorn, screaming the ball across the beam, not far from the 6th minute, Nakhon Ratchasima FC, almost got some goals from the rhythm of Jordan Maley tackling in the penalty area. The ball rushed out of the second pole. The next minute, the visiting team almost brought Pamas, Ajawilai touched the ball for Sardor Minzeyf to shoot, but the ball still rushed to block Charlie. Out after the 31st minute from the corner kick of Nakhon Ratchasima FC Charlie Club jumping up But the ball still rushed straight to the Somporn Yot to pick up the 38th minute. Nakhon Ratchasima FC was anticipated from Morgan James's shot in the box, but Somporn Yot still rushed out in time. At the end of the first half, Muang Thong United is still with Nakhon Ratchasima FC 0-0. Come back to fight for the second half of Muang Thong United. But the ball still rushed into the blog The host line went out. Kilin was aware of the 52 minutes. Wirathep Pom Phan opened the ball into the Picha Utra penalty area. The ball fell out of the second pole, just a minute of 55. The visiting team of Muang Thong United broke the door out of 1-0 from the ball repeatedly in the penalty area of ​​Adisak Kraisorn. The 68th minute. Aley flows to the front of the door for Morgan James to shoot, not missing. The 82th minute the visiting team has a chance to win the penalty area of ​​Sardor Minorzev, but the ball still rushed straight. Chai Nuarat before the time of the Muang Thong United competition with Nakhon Ratchasima FC 1-1, divided into 1 team per team, the list of players, both teams, Nakhon Ratchasima FC: Thanachai Nurat, Chaturaphat Dharma, Char Lee Klek, Amani Nienealdo, Wasan Hamsan, Noppon Phonkham, Sairakusavo, Dylan de Broker, Jordan Medley, Sirote Chatthong, Mo Cardan James, Muang Thong United: Somporn Yot, Wattanakorn Sawat, Drama, Yeslee Holm, Hong Sung Wook, Suporn Pippa, Catapo, Picha Utra, Weerathep Pom, Sardor Minsa Yev, Eric Johana (Ek Nit Panya 65), Adisak Kraisorn, Prames Atwilai
3 Premier League giants to win "De Young" to judge the future after the protracted team|Frankie de Yong, Barcelona's midfielder, has decided about his own football. He will continue with Barcelona during this summer. According to the report from the 25 -year -old Barcayyu, the number one is the number one target of Manchester United since the opening of the new market while the bar. Sae is ready to release from the team to help solve financial problems. In addition, the names of Chelsea and Liverpool, 2 competitors from the Premier League, which became the latest team that was interested in pulling this player to strengthen the army as well. Reveal that Despite only a few days left before closing the summer market, De Young is preparing to continue to trade in Cumnu in this season. The Dutch football decision is better for him. The club is now looking for a new player in the middle of the remaining market for Manchester United. Many media believe that they have. Laying his hand from the Decyong's hunting, since they just grabbed Casemiro from Real Madrid with a fee of about 60 million pounds and has started the first match in the game that beat Southampton on the day. Last Saturday
HereWego!Ajax agreed to "Anthony", 100 million euros, 5 years with additional options.|"Fabrisio Romano", the world's credible reporter in the world, confirmed that Anthony will move into a new Manchester United player after reaching the agreement in the principles. At 100 million euros or 85 million pounds by the wings from Samba Of the Audit Amsterdam team will sign a contract with the Red Devils team until 2027, and there are also options to expand until 2028. Most recently, the negotiations of both teams are only about contract documents. It is expected that today (29 Aug). The value of Anthony will make him the most expensive player in the history of the Eredivich League. That moved to the English Premier League
Or have a real problem?"Georgina" refuses to return to England. "Ronaldo" is alone (picture)|British media still keep an eye on the relationship of Cristiano Ronaldo, the superstar striker of "Red Devils" Manchester United and Georgina Rodriguez, a beautiful wife. After the rumors that they both have problems From the trip to rest on Island, Ibisa, Spain in June, in the past, the 37 -year -old football came out to give news that there was a problem within the family, causing not to travel in. Report to practice with the club during the pre -season. Before finally missing the tour in Thailand and Australia, in the past, there were continuous rumors about the future of Cristiano Ronaldo in Old Trafford. That the person wants to move out of the team for the opportunity to play in the UEFA Champions League With many giants in Europe in Europe, while the famous sports newspaper of Spain Revealed that another behind the scenes that made The famous football wants to move out of the team because of the fans who do not like to live in the British Isles. And want to move back to live in Spain With the city of Madrid as a target This event made both of them have the latest problems. The Sun, the media unfold the city. Revealed a picture of a 28 -year -old girl holiday with all 5 children who are on Sardinia, Italy. Ford after the future, the football trade is still not clear that it is just a reserve for Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez has not lived together for a long time. 1 month after the woman is still living in Spain While the famous football Still living in England To be determined to Manchester United, the agency
Divide!PSG chased Chao Monaco 1-1 Ligue|Paris Saint Germain opens the nest, Monaco 1-1 in the Big Match, French Ligue Football, French Football Ligue, 2022-23, between Paris Saint Germain, an old champion that has won 3 matches. Contact each other to open the Park Desin Stadium. Monaco PSG Who won the work in 3 matches, sending three clans, Lionel Messi, Kylia Mbappe and Neymar to play together in the offensive line. The first half of Ye Der hunt with Kevin Foland, arrived at the 20th minute. Monaco got a 1-0 goal from the back rhythm. Alexander Golovin paid to Kevin Walland to take the ball into the area before washed with the left. The ball jumped into the corner. Then, the 45th minute, PSG almost rival when Kylian Mbpe pays Lionel Messi to shoot with the left from the outside of the ball. Came again and hit the pillar again. The first half, Paris Saint Germain, after Monaco was 0-1 and a half, the second minute. 70 PSG came to the penalty after the referee went to check VAR and saw that Kieremo Marie Pansa involved in the legs of Neymar to fall in the penalty area and Neymar is responsible for killing, not missing PSG 1-1, the Paris Saint Germain game is always Monko 1- 1 Divided to the team, PSG, added to 10 points to lead as a crowd. With the same point as the Olympics, Marxi and Lans, but the goal has broken PSG. Monaco has 5 points to rank 12.
What happened?"Pogba" informs the real brotherAfter being threatened to call 470 million baht|Became a big news in the world football industry when Juventus's French midfielder Paul Pogba, the famous club of the Serie A Italian Serie A, reporting his own brother. After being held by a group of children of childhood, he threatened to call for 13 million euros (about 470 million baht). In the case of the case of the brother Pogba, the brother came out to post the clip online, threatening to reveal the information. The secret of the younger brother that will make society unable to accept the negative actions in the past. Including the said matter, will make teammates both in the past and present, which, from the said incident, made the 29 -year -old football decide to travel with the lawyer to report "This is something that happens from extortion. And the intimidation that criminals have done to players Related agencies in both France and Italy have received the matter. At this time, there has been no disclosure of any relevant details. "The lawyer team revealed that Daily Mail British revealed that Paul Pogba revealed to the police that he was by a younger brother and a group of children. As a gang Catching a place in Paris France And use a rifle to intimidate 13 million euros as a protection And shut down so as not to bring bad things Told the public at the same time. The famous media revealed that Paul Pogba had a problem with his childhood friend. After catching that the friend stole the credit card of the person to swipe the money of 200,000 euros before the caught and fired from the residence in Manchester.
Thai vs Vietnam: Women's Volleyball AVC Cup 2022, Statistics, Live broadcast|AVC Cup Women Volleyball Competition 2022 (AVC Cup 2022) or 2022 Asian Cup Women's Volleyball in Pasik Philippines Accepting the face of the mat as the host Between 21-29 August, "Thai girl slap," the 14th team in the world lost to the Chinese national team in the second round, will compete in the 3rd final match against the national team. Vietnam, the 84th team in the world that lost to the Japanese national team 3-1, which all the works of the past "Thai female tires" are much superior to 11 times since 2013. "Slap Dan Siam" can beat all every time. Head to Head 5 times. The last 5 times: Thailand wins 5, Vietnam won 022 May. 2022: Thailand won Vietnam 3-0 set (SEA Games) May 17, 2022: Vietnam, losing 1-3 sets (SEA Games) 9 December 2019: Thailand won Vietnam 3-0 set (SEA Games) 7 December 2019: Thailand won Vietnam 3-0 Set (SEA Games) 29 August 2018: Thailand won Vietnam 3-0 set (Asian Games) for the Thai national women's volleyball team. There is a program on the field to meet Vietnamese national team On Monday 29 August 2022 at 15.00 hrs. Fans can watch live broadcast on One31 and PPTV 36 in the online system.
Get on the Ring Girl platform!"Rena", the model of the ginseng, the owner of Miss Bikini 2016 (picture)|Having said that, running to all circles for "Rena" or the full name Seo Rena, the owner of the Miss Mascle Body Body Korea Bikini 2016, who recently appeared as a girl beside the ring. The 29 -year -old girl was hired to be a ringgirl in the ROAD FC 061 battle. The famous MMA in his hometown held in Gangwon Province. And of course it became a talk in the social world for "Rena", the owner of the proportion 34-23-36 graduated from Female High School Before studying at Busan University Foreign Language Have a passion for exercise Especially the yoga that she has been practicing for over 6 years, she became known to the whole country from the bodybuilding contest at that time. Resulting in work in the entertainment industry Whether invited actor in the Korean series Entertainment MC As well as having 2 films, Deraled (urgent hell, Mahakha) and Deep horror movies. She also has a model for famous magazines. And is a brand -name product presenter Which, despite the many years But she still takes good care of the shape as before As for the secrets that makes her always in good shape because she likes to exercise With a HELLO Rina Home Workout exercise program on Youtube
The right choice!The famous media revealed Liverpool aiming the target "Shin Wolfs" to strengthen the central land.|Report from the British 90min website states that Liverpool clubs see that the midfielder Rubnene from Wolves The rival team in the Premier League is a player that is possible to strengthen their army in this summer market. Yergen Klopp, the Reds, the Reds, has just admitted that he is looking for a person. Playing to come to solve problems in the middle After now, the team has up to 9 injured players, even though it has just opened the season for only 1 month. Rubennewes, the Portuguese national team midfielder, is one of the options that have been considered. Referred to as the big news with the big teams, both Manchester United and Arsenal, but Liverpool may have to think hard because Wolf needs a fee of 80 million pounds. And also the name of Barcelona's Fengie De Yong, Yuri, Lemongs from Leicester City and Cycrad Lemur from Rabi Lipzig, which was news about Moved to Anfield before closing the market on 1 September.
It's time to change!Big Boss One "Chatree pupils Yod Thong" sitting in a chair of the Lumpini Boxing Stadium.|Chatree, the pupil, the founder of the president and CEO of Wan Championship, was invited by the Army. Sitting on the official of the official Lumpini boxing stadium By focusing on the mission to push the Muay Thai sports far away this morning (29 Aug 65) Big Boss One "Chatree Sitthong Thong" posted via Facebook on this story that "Last week I have an official invitation from the Army. In accepting the promoter of the prestigious Lumpini Boxing Stadium Which is the most prestigious boxing stadium in the Muay Thai industry for a long time And is the place to give birth to the best Thai boxing champions in many eras, I would like to thank Gen. Narong Phanchitkaew, Authentic Commander in Chief of the Army, Gen. Suchart Daengpraphai (Mr. Boxing Stadium, Lumpini Stage) and Lieutenant General Ronawut Rueangsawat Mepini) for this precious opportunity as a Thai person I appreciate And willing to serve the nation And upgrade the science of beautiful Thai boxing to the world As a One's CEO, I hope to work with athletes, head of the faculty and promoters. All Thai boxing supporters in the country and around the world For a bright future Because we are one (we are one). "My life is accustomed to Muay Thai in many ways. My father has a suggestion to know Muay Thai when I was 9 years old. He took me to the Lumpini boxing stadium to Watch the competition often It was one of the childhood memories that I liked the most. When I was 13 years old, I started practicing Muay Thai under the point of Teacher Yod Thong Senanan. I still remember the first day of training. At that time, the top boxing camp flag Is the number 1 Thai boxing camp in the country that is famous and has the best fighters in the country. Teacher Yod Thong Senanan is the legend that awakens the most Thai boxing champions in history. In my life I have never hurt that much before. The sack is packed with heavy sand. Each kick makes me feel the whole legs. Strict training The lungs burn oxygen almost burns. I have to secretly vomit in the bathroom a few times. I don't even know how to survive from 12 km. Kicking the sandbag 15 raises the target to practice wrestling and 500 times, etc. on the first day. After that day My legs are swollen. The blood is full. I felt the whole body. But in his heart, it felt a good luck that elder Tu, one of the senior boxing teachers of the Prince of Senior Camp Helps to sustain me that day Take care of me like a younger brother Even if I have nothing for him Under the training of Teacher Yod Thong, Tu has transferred the knowledge of Muay Thai for many years. (Fate is real I have the opportunity to repay his kindness many years. Later, Tu now works for Evolvolt Gym, one of my affiliated companies in the position of senior coach). I still practice regularly to this day. At that time I was not aware. But the first day of the training at the age of 13, I set fire in my heart. Which changed my life forever for the past 38 years. I am part of Muay Thai. Both as students, fighters, teachers and CEOs. " Press conference for shaking hands between One and the Lumpini Boxing Stadium Will be officially held On Monday 12 Sep 65 at the Lumpini Boxing Stadium With the new role of the world CEO, "Chatree, pupil, top flag", which brings important opportunities to Muay Thai and Thai boxers. That will grow progressively The type of transformation Follow the press conference on Facebook One Championship Thailand.
no problem!"Thai girl volleyball" recording Vietnam Xiu 3, AVC Cup 2022|Women's Volleyball Competition, AVC Cup 2022, the 3rd final Thai national team, meet with the Vietnamese national team, the 84th team in the world in the Philippines, Arena, Pasic, Philippines. On Monday, August 29, 2022, this game "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwacharamethakul Send the first set of players, consisting of Pornphan Kerdprak, Watchariya Nuanjam, Hathayaksuk, Chatchu Moksri, Pimphichaya Gulk, Cattle Pin Suwan and Piyanuch Pae Noi. Beroset, the first Thai girl, led 6-4, then continued to score 12-6. Today, Thai girls use to play football quickly, attack many times, up to 20-14 podium before closing. The game beat 25-19 up to lead 1-0 sets, two sets, close games, 9-9, then Vietnam, which overtakes 17-15 before leading up 23-20. -23 and turn over to overcome the most satisfying 26-24 up. Lead 2-0. Set of three Thai girls come out to play with confidence, chase, slap, score 5-1, then move forward to escape to 15. -10, although Vietnam will try to chase the pressure at 14-16, but Thai girls move forward with 22-17 points before closing the game to win 25-18 to win 3-0. Thailand "grabbed the 3rd place in the Women's Volleyball Competition 2022 to win as well as grabbing the 3rd place in this event for the 4th period. Previously, it was done in 2008, 2016 and 2018.
Full hard!Manchester City is ready to approve the additional budget for "Pep" during this Makraom market.|Manchester City, the English Premier League giants, preparing a budget for Pep Guardiola, another 100 million pounds for the team in the market in January 2023, from the revelations of the famous British media, since Open a new season "Blue Sailing" has used the budget to strengthen about 104 million pounds with the signing of a new player into the team. All 5 people include Erming Ha Land, Calvin Phillips, Stefan. Order, Ulean Alvarez and Sergio Gomez. However, they released 3 main players of the club. Olexander Sinjenko, Gabriel Jesus and Rahim Sterling from the team, resulting in a large amount of money as well. Which from the said financial status The team's board has money for Pep Guardiola to spend about 100 million pounds in the market in January, with the goal of chasing the UEFA Champions League for the first time in Club history
Tiny but clear!Open the warp "Elaine", a cute young larvae, Taiwan (picture)|Having said that, it was very shine for Elaine or the real name. That the cuteness must be said to be overflowing by the 25 -year -old girl's hand, the owner of 165 centimeters, just led the team to win the PVL INVITTATAL CONFERENCE 2022 at the beginning of last month. The tournament, she grabbed the best set of sets for Loyei. Currently, she is considered a star in the rubber ball industry. She was born with her cuteness, causing it to be persuaded to shoot. As well as being a product presenter. Anyone who wants to experience her And get to know her closely, you can follow her at IG: Elaine0608. Be careful.
The cause of the deal is stopped!Chelsea has a lot of thinking "Obama May Young". Join this summer.|Chelsea, the famous club of the English Premier League, is the news that will consider the attitude to move forward. Pierre-Emerick Obame Young from Barcelona is another battle before submitting the official proposal according to the report from Di Athletic, with Wilfree Fred Sakyman of Crystal Palace, a league. England Is the target of the choice in Football market This summer, David Orn, the reporter, Di Athletic, revealed that the Blues lion has submitted a preliminary proposal worth around 15 million pounds to Barca to consider it since the beginning of August. But until this time, they are not able to find a conclusion together, with the team of Thomas Tubkel questioning about the value of the value that the team has to pay with the 33 -year -old player. That Obama Myung will call a huge wage while the blue lion Presented his attitude to pay him in accordance with the work that he could do more. Another report from the media, the elite pointed out that The Blues was in the process of grabbing Saha from Palace instead of the final curve of the summer market when The current contract of the 29 -year -old with the agency is ending in the 2023 summer. In addition to Obame Young and Saha, who is an issue with Chelsea, they are also linked to Anthony Gordon, a young star. Everton too
Go to reserve!"Conte" shrugged the shoulder. "Naughty" shot, pointed out as an ideal son -in -law (picture).|Although it has not yet been shown this season, Antonio Conte, the Tottenham Hotspur manager, has a way to give morale to Nung Hung-Min as his premier league starts. After 4 matches, the "Golden Spikes Chicken" made an impressive work. Win 3 draws 1 with 10 points in the 3rd place in the table. Despite the last season, scored 26 goals was the league goalscoring with Liverpool's Mohamed Salah. This season was still not able to score a goal and paid for a friend to shoot only. Antonio Conte. The team manager gave an interview after the game that beat Knot Ting Ham Forest 2-0 by encouraging South Korean players. And believe that the team will call the good form back in no time. "During this period, he may feel uncomfortable, so can't score a goal. But he has to continue his own work And believe in yourself Because in every game, he always has the opportunity to shoot He must be calm. We trust him The teammates are the same. You probably know the importance of this player to Harry Ken, "said Conte." Of course, he was disappointed that he couldn't score a goal. But not a problem for me. Sunny is a person who is dedicated to the team. And my ambition in the football world always. "In addition, Conte also shot a pearl that Superstar Dan Ginseng is a very good person. Until wanting to be a son -in -law in the future, giving an awareness of her 14 -year -old cherished daughter. "Sunny Is a player with a lot of sense He was witty and the top team of the team as a good person. Let's say that I have to find a husband for my daughter. I want it to be like him. "
Summary of everything!"Japan" Siw Champ, "Thai Girl" Xiu 3, Ye Yang, AVC Cup 2022|2022 AVC Cup Women's Volleyball Competition in the Philippines Closed down After competing for more than 1 week from a total of 9 nations, compete in the finals. Is a meeting between the "Old Champion", the Chinese national team, the owner of this championship 5 times, met with the Japanese national team That has never won this championship yet However, this game is "Land of Raw Fish" who played excellently, beat 3-1 set (25-23, 25-21, 19-25 and 25-16) win the first championship. And also made a statistics to win 6 matches in this tournament while "Thai girl slapping army" grabbed the 3rd place, as well as grabbing the 3rd place in this event for the 4th period. Previously, he had done in 2008, 2016 and 2018. Summary Women's Volleyball AVC Cup 20221. Japan (Champion) 2. China 3. Thai 4. Vietnam 5. Taiwan 6. Philippines 7. Iran 8. Australia 9. South Korea Award for Best Athletes (MVP) : Mika Shibata (Japan). Excellent head: Wu Meng Yi (China), Chatch Urmoksri (Thai) Fast Football: Hiroyo Yamanaka (Japan), Hoo Ming Yuan (Chinese), an independent receiver: Rena Mizuzuki (Japanese), excellent set: Pornphan Kerdpracha (Thai) Bee Bee: Joe Thang (China)
Secret character!"Klopp" Son "Lomer" added in the middle before the Y market.|Liverpool are paying attention and considering the Rabi Zig's midfielder Conrad Lymer to join the team before closing the market on Thursday. According to the report from the Reds, many players in the middle of the land. Injured, such as Tikoso Alkantara, Nabi Geisa, Cortis Jones and Alex Ox-Chamberlain. Combined with the work during the new season that is not very good There was news that they were looking for additional midfielders in the remaining trading market to pull in to reinforce the army urgently. For the list of players who are the target of Liverpool at this time, there are both Friends De Young from Barze. Lena, Leicester City, Moy Sess Kaiseo from Brighton and Hoff Albeian and the latest Rabi Limer's lymer name. Sik is included in there with a kicker. The famous media from Germany stated that the Reds were very interested in this 25 -year -old. In which he left the contract with the agency for the last year And is expected to have only 25 million pounds. The report continues that Yergen Klopp has expressed admiration for this Australian national football team for a while. Referred to as the team from the Merceased team wants both the age, the overwhelming and the potential in the middle of the game that can come to help the team to return to win the Premier League in the season. This
This work is boiling!Vietnamese comments "Lady Lady" Lost Thai Chom 3, AVC Cup 2022|Considered as a rubber ball game that Vietnamese fans are very interested in the competition. AVC Cup Women's Volleyball 2022, 3rd in Pasik Philippines On Monday, August 29, the result of the competition "Thai female tires" who beat Vietnam 3-0, grabbed 3rd in this tournament. This event made Vietnamese fans showing many perspectives. We try to listen to the opinions of this comment. 1 distance between Vietnam and Thailand is still far as before. Comments 2 Thai teams are still as strong as before, even without Nusara, but they still have a blessing. at 3, before the race, I expect that the game will be more intense because the Thai team seems to be weaker when lacking many players, and Vietnam is stronger, but in the end, we lost by ourselves. We were served badly. The 4th comments would forget that the Thai team was a world -class team and beat Brazil, who was the second Olympic champion. 5 It's difficult that Vietnamese volleyball will overtake the Thai national team. And the playing system is still inferior to him However, it is considered more developed than before. Comments 6, Vietnam lost to Japan 1-3 sets, but it also caused problems for them while Thailand lost to Japan easily 0-3. They are better than us. In addition, they lost to us. And matters of age But when actually competing, it is a psychological matter that we are afraid of them. Like a deer that encountered a tiger comments 7, grabbing the 4th place, we are second only to China, Japan and Thailand. The truth is like that. Sorry that we brought him 23-20, but in the end, Thailand flipped back to win us 26-24 in the second set. 8 It's a very disappointing. For the second set, we brought him 23-21, but in the end, losing like that. However, defeating Thailand that passed the final 8 teams in the Nation League It is difficult. Comments 9, if Vietnam can overcome the second set The situation will turn back. And definitely shocked the Thai team. Comments that 10 We are still afraid of Thailand. Even if playing well, but still lost to them, comment 11 when Vietnam will have a volleyball center. If you plan for a long time In the future, we may receive a medal at the Asian comments at 12 It's a matter of mental state. They play with us comfortably. And still win While we were afraid of them since they had not yet competed in the 13th comment, met with Thailand for another 10 years, still lost to them. That's because we have never planned long -term comments 14. Why do games with Japan play excellent? But when meeting with the Thai team playing like an all heart What happened However, satisfied with grabbing the 4th place in this tournament. Comments 15 meet with Thai teams. We are afraid of them until they lose their mind. This kind of event is similar to Vietnam football 5 years ago when meeting with the Thai comments at 16 Accept the truth. Thai volleyball Very superior to us The rest is just training the youth hard. And waiting for the resentment date of the 17th, Vietnam. No matter how hard the Thai team can't beat, they aim at the top 10 in the world, while Vietnam has never been to the top 50 in the world. at 18 Thai volleyball Still much better than us They step into the world level and comment that The 19 Thai teams are not the strongest. They don't have both Acharaporn Kongyot and Dao. Step to another level Although they don't use the best team But still beat us 3-0 sets
Bright!Open the warp "Naomijang", a cute Japanese futsal football (picture)|Take to know Naomi Matsumoto, a Japanese female futsal That is a beloved young man From a bright, cute face Outstanding, the trees are allergic to the 25 -year -old Naomijang. Currently under the Bardral Urayasu club in the top futsal league of the raw fish. In which she is the owner of the shirt number 14, playing in the attacking midfielder And is the main character of the team all the time. For anyone who wants to follow the work, both inside and off the field of the small table, this beautiful table can go to follow the NAOMI314FB with more than 2.1 thousand followers.
Win the championship!War Elephants join the Pins, ASEAN Football Championship 2022|On August 30, 20:00, at 14:00 hrs. At Shangrila Hotel, Bangkok, Thailand, the ASEAN Football Federation, or AFF, organized a lottery ceremony for the AFF Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2022. This ASEAN will be held in the form of a home-visit. In group stages In each nation, they will play 2 home games and 2 away games. The lottery results are as follows: A -Thai group, Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia, (Brunei -Timor Leste), B -Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore. , Myanmar, Laos PDR. The Thai national team competition program is as follows: 23 December 2022, Brunei or Timor Leste, found Thailand, 29 December 2022, Thailand found the Philippines 1 January 2023, Indonesia, meeting Thailand, 4 January 2023, Thailand found Cambodia by In the group stages, they will find the championship team and the group championship through the semi-finals to compete on 11-12 January 2023 and 15-16 January 2022 and the finals. Will compete on the 19th and 22 January 2022. For this football, the Thai national team won the most up to 6 times from 13 competitions.
Social "Ned Weed", a birthday party, crumpled the girl X (clip)|The job immediately entered for Pwell Need, Vice President of the Juventus club in the Serie A Italian series after the clip was dropped while the person was in a drunken state. In 3 underwear by the former national team midfielder Czech Traveled to the birthday party (complete birthday, August 30) in advance at the age of 50 years. Before frantically crumpled After the clip was released online The reporters contacted the club, but Juventus came out to refuse to express any opinions. About this By looking at it as a particular matter Legend of football Currently, in a single state, after breaking up with Iwana in 2019, after living for 25 years and has two children. Before associated with Lucy, Anoviso, the new girlfriend, but finally went to survive for Parawet Wet, when the football was very regarded in the footsteps. Have won the 2003 Ballon d'Or, as well as winning the Serie A Serie A with (Lacio 1 and Juventus 2 times) and many champions in the Italian league.
The program is brutal!Bournemouth bounced "Parker" out of the chair.|The new Bournemouth of the English Premier League announced the officially released the Scott Parker after coming to get the Bernemouth team manager since 2021. The agency was able to take the agency. In the second place of The Championship, last season, grabbed the promotion ticket back up to the top league again, but with a bad performance at the beginning of the season. Having said that, it is sympathetic because 3 of 4 games are the big teams such as Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool, which were shot up to 16 children, only 3 points holding the 17th place in the table, making it finally. The board decided to release the Parker and the team out of the position. As well as appointed Gary Oneil temporarily controlled the team, with Sean Cooper and Tom El Pic as the assistant manager of the team until he was officially available.
Wait for the event!"Sin Samut", a fist, a superstar, wielding a sweet, married registration (picture)|Reported to be the latest superstar in Thailand For a young fist, "Sin Samut Klin has" a 26 -year -old boxer from Chonburi, in the latest one in the battle of One159 in Singapore on July 22, "Aqua Man Dan Siam" takes time. Just 5 seconds of the 2nd round, let the tip of the chin send Liam Nolan, the Benjas punch from England fell to the floor. Beat Knock beautifully, which this victory caused Sin Samut to receive a special $ 50,000 bonus (over 1.8 million baht) from Chatree, the pupil of the big boss of the organization as the second fighter, which is considered the first Thai to grab. The bonus has 2 times in a stack, behind the scenes of success and overnight within a few months. There is a beautiful British girl named Lauren Muttimee. It is more encouraged for 7 years. In addition, both of them have plans to marry next year, and most recently, Lauren has posted a picture via Instagram. Lolmercedes stood to raise marriage registration with Sin Samut. Confirm that it has become a husband-wife officially. With a caption that can be translated into Thai that "Can't wait to get married to you." The Sanook Sport team would like to congratulate the fist and the bride from the elite. It can be said that it is in the top form, both inside and outside the arena.
Definitely boiling!"Angela Lee" would like to open the 3rd battle of the throne "Song Jing Nan", tight two belts.|The mother of the atomic "Angela Lee" prepares to open the quarter of the trilogy with a rival to get bored of the drunk wood. "Song Jing Nan" The Strawweight Queen Hope for the second line. Create a record of two female world champions Both of them will fight as the major of One Fight Night 2: Song VS Angela III that will be broadcast live in the American Prime Minister. Which corresponds to the morning at 07:00 hrs. On Saturday 1 October 2022, Thai time after Angela was able to protect the championship from the number one Thai girl "Stamp Fair Tex" successfully in March. Then proceeded to hunt the second belt hunting mission in the bigger version Which means to overthrow the throne of "Song Jing Nan", the owner of the World Championship, the current Strawweight model, who has met two times. The first time, Angela is the weight of the belt from Song, but Unsuccessful later, Song came down to the championship in the atomic model, but Angela hugged his belt tightly. It can be said that both of them have never missed the fight in their own generation by victory. Have to anticipate how the third match of both will end. Another important highlight that can not be missed is to protect the second position of the World Championship, the featherweight version "Super Bon Sing Mawin", which will face With the challenger "Ching Kis Allazov", the owner of the Kik Boiting World Grande Prix. As a second partner of the program. There is also a World Championship in the World Championship in the Log Graphing rules for the first time in the History of one by the pair of "Miki Mu Suski". Wasa "from Brazil, with the winner sitting in the Flyweight grade in this rule, with the return of the band of the strong girl" Stamp Fair Tex "that will face" Ji Hin Tai Suan ", a strong competitor from Malaysia. The stamp hopes to win the form of the world championship with Angela. In the future, fans can follow the news and progress of the One Fight Night 2: Song VS Angela III. On Facebook One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc.com
Look at the program+live broadcast"Thai national women's volleyball" ASEAN Grande Prix|The 2nd female volleyball competition "ASEAN Grande Prix" is back to compete again. Which will be held in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand between 9-11 September, which the competition consists of leading teams in ASEAN, Thai team, Vietnam, Philippines and Indonesia, which will compete in the championship team. Win a prize of 2.5 million baht for "ASEAN Grande Prix". The 2nd time will be held at the Gymnasium. Chaloem Phrakiat 80th Anniversary Stadium, Nakhon Ratchasima Province Between 9-11 September for the competition program ASEAN Grande Prix Women Volleyball 2022 Friday, September 9, 2022 at: 15.00 hrs. Indonesia meets Vietnam at: 18.00 hrs. Thailand meets the Philippines Saturday 10 September 2022 at: 15.00 hrs. Vietnam meets the Philippines at: 18.00 hrs. Indonesia meets Thailand on Sunday, September 11, 2022 at: 15.00 hrs. Philippines meet Indonesia. Time: 6:00 pm. Thailand meets Vietnam for the ASEAN Grande Prix Competition 2022. Fans can watch live broadcast on Channel One31. Thai national team Competition
Reach the agreement!Manchester United announced the "Antoni" officially.|"Red Devils" Manchester United, a famous team in the English Premier League, announced via the club website that they have reached an agreement to grab the Brazilian Antoni from Ajax Amsterdam to join the team by 22 -year -old. Will travel to England for physical examination with the team And manage the documents in the movement Before this summer market closed within this weekend The main media of England revealed that Antoni will move to join the team with a fee of 85 million pounds and will sign a contract with the team until 2027, with an additional year of contract expanding. The value will be approximately 200,000 pounds a week. For Antoni's coming, it is considered the 5th reinforcement of Manchester United in this summer after Tyrell Maladee, Christian Ericase. Lee San Dor Martinez and Gasemaro, who had previously reinforced
Chelsea invaded Southampton 1-2 Premier League.|English Premier League football 2022/23 Tuesday night, August 30, 2022, Southampton 2-1 Chelsea: St. Merrychel Sea, losing to Southampton 2-1, which was the visiting team that led first from Rahim Sterling, Minutes 23rd minutes. But after that, the home team shot two nights from Romeo Lavia, the 28th minute and Adam Armsong, 45+1, turning the lock into the second game of this season, Thiago Silva, Che Adams. Started half the first time, both parties tried to set their own games. And is the home team who has a chance to win before the long shot of E -U -Ussei, but the mentor can still fall in the 3rd minute. The 14th. Let Sterling lock in the left but shot him into his hand. Bazunu, the 21st minute, Sterling has hoped to open the right way for Mont to be able to charge, but Salisu still followed for 2 minutes. The Mont had fallen into the penalty area before slapping in the middle to make Sterling decorate the ball before shooting softly into the 26th minute. But instead shot into the hand of Bazunu, the 28th minute, the home team was successful, from the firing rhythm of Lavia Ball, rushing through the first post of the post, in the pillar of the Soutton injuries. In the penalty area in the left Before paying to allow the arm to shoot openly, do not miss and finish the first 45 minutes. Chelsea attacked after 2-1mohamed Elyound Elyound Elyound, Marc Cucurella. Start half time. 52, from the rhythm of Aeonussei, has hit, but Khu Reya can jump in the front of the door in the 66th minute. The 74th minute, the home team almost got a goal from the moment Salisu tackling at close range, but still stuck with Tiico Silva, who stood in the line. After that, Chelsea tried to open the game heavily. But still not penetrating into the dangerous area of ​​the host. The 81th minute, Boriya almost shot the old team from the rhythm that he had held in the frame. But once again, Bazunu was able to swipe away. After that, I couldn't do anything and finish 90 minutes. Southampton opened the house to overcome Chelsea for 2-1. The names of the players of both teams, Southampton: Bazu Nu, Salisu, Bella-Cotta, Walker-Peter, Pierre, Lavia, Di Allo, Ward-Paradi, E-Ususi , Arm Strong, Adams Chelsea: Mendy, Silva, Culibali, Azpilichai Ta, Kuaruya, Georginho, Laufatas-Sheik, Mont, Syeke, Hwert, Sterling
Official!Atletico Madrid grabbed the official "Regilon" from Spurs.|Atletico Madrid launched Sergio Regilon, the excess of Tottenham Hotspur to the team officially, with this deal, a loan contract for a period of 1 season and no. The options for the purchase of the 2 -season with the Golden Spur Chicken after not in the team's team's team, Antonio Conte, the team of this season, Real Madrid moved from Real Madrid to join the team when The summer of the year 2020, a total of 67 games, totaling 2 goals and 9 assists together. This 25 -year -old is considered a 4th new player who moved to enhance the Bear team. The summer after Samuel Lano from Gil Valentte, Hohel Molina from Udilese and Akles, Borussia Dortmund.
Thairath TV, AIS Play, live football "King Cup" in Chiang Mai|Thairath TV 32 and AIS Play will broadcast live King Cup at 20-26 September 2022, which has Chiang Mai hosted. Thairath TV will broadcast 2 games that the Thai national team entered the field, while AIS Play will shoot every The couple of this program Knockout The semifinals, ranked 3rd, 4 and finals, which this program may not have Chanathip Songkrasin, the key to the Thai national team Revealed through the "War Elephants" fan page that they may decide not to come back to join the Thai national team in both shows that come from the problem of tired physical conditions. As well as wanting to give some opportunities for new players to raise the national team I have always been with the social world. I know that football fans cheer for us a lot. Feeling happy and happy. We compete with the work of football fans. He still looks at us. I feel proud to be born as Thai and play football for fans to watch. Will try to do the best in every match Both the club and the national team. "" Of course, King Cup still doesn't know whether to go back or not. Or even the ASEAN Championship Still haven't promised anyone to play Because I may have decided to myself that May not be played Meaning I think my body must have some rest I have never been resting for a month, the most. 1 week, my body will keep crispy. Fans may not see me playing at the end of this year. "" Actually, all the important programs are all out. I just feel that It must be mixed with others. If we didn't build it now, in the end, one day we had expired. And how can other players come up? But if we have players that help each other level Help each other develop Would it be better? Because the national team is important every match Maybe because I'm playing in the league abroad too The program is not very favorable to us. I myself was a lot of injuries. It may be tired. If going back to play, I hurt or may be hurt. And if not playing the Asian Cup, would it be a negative effect on yourself and the national team as well? "" But if we open our hearts Create children You don't have to run out of children. Gradually mixed together And then see who can help each other continue to develop I think it's better. "
"Krisada-Muhammad" leads the army 20, small tables, 2 big battle|The Football Association of Thailand announced the names of 20 futsal, Thai national team in the Contensional-Asian Cup as the Football Association of Thailand. In the royal patronage, the Thai national team was sent. Participated in football competitions, Continental Futsal Championship Thailand 2022 and Futsal Asian Championship 2022, for the list of 20 Thai national futsal teams. As the following names, the Title Han Khampha (Bangkok BTS) Panurat Olar (Thammasat Stalion) Theerawat Kaew Wilai (Blue Wave Chon Buri) Ranachai defender Law Wongsuk (Blue Wave Chonburi) Sarawut Prophet (Blue Wave Chonburi) Narongsak Pleading (cold room) Itthicha Prapaphan (Port Authority ASM) Rim Nattawut Punch Yala (Port Authority ASM) Krisada Wongkaew (Blue Wave Chon Buri) Warut Wangsamal (Blue Wave Chonburi) Panas Kitti Panuwong (Blue Wave Chonburi) Apiwat Jamcharoen (Blue Wave Chonburi) Atipong Moon Plai (Cold Room) Jaroondet Ten thousand noon (Black Pearl United), Thanathip Saengsang (Black Pearl United) Navin Rattanawongsawat (Bangkok BTS) Page Muhammad Usman Muza (Cordo Crazy-Spain) Anantachai Broadcasting (Port Authority ASM) Jesada Chuadej (Port Authority ASM) Pornpoj Brahma family (Royal Navy) in addition to 20 people above the Thai national team Futsal Also called Krit Aranyasaklak and Supawut Ruam Klang, who had previously had injury problems Which will return to practice with this Thai national futsal team to check the fitness and look at the latest physical condition for The Thai team futsal team, led by Sutin Bua Tum, the team manager, along with Carlos Cesar, the head coach. With a program to compete with Continental Futsal Championship Thailand 2022 at Indoor Stadium Hua Mak between 11-16 September 2022 by the Thai national team. In the same group as Morocco and Mozambique. The Asian Championship 2022 will be held in Kuwait between September 27 - October 8, 2022, Thailand is in the Group A with Kuwait, Iraq and Oman.
Inter Milan returns good form, opening the house, smashing Creusse 3-1, Serie Azia|The Italian Serie A Serie A Football match, 2022-23 during Inter Milan, opening the house, meeting Kremonese International, without Lukaku, whose thighs are hurt, using the 3-back system and dropbass. Toni is a reserve and let Da Marco move down to play instead, giving Darmian a chance to stand on the left wing. The central land uses Chal Hano Lu, Barella and Brozovic. Lataro started the game for 12 minutes. Inter Milan led 1-0 from Edin Czecho repeatedly, then went to the internet to bring 2-0 in the 38 minutes from Nico Lo Barela Wallaley with a full right. Send the ball to the beautiful net The first half of this score is 3-0 in the second half of the 76-minute. Shoot with the left, send the ball to the last minute pole. The visiting team has the heart of David. Okay, but that's all, causing the end of Inter Milan game to win with 3-1 cremone.
SCOP: The journey of "Achit Phon Kiriram", a Thai footballer who has a dream of becoming a professional player.|Get to know Mike "Achitpol Kiriram "20 -year -old striker Thai children who have the first professional contract from the Club Saburg 2 in Regio Liga or League 4 in Germany for 2 years, and this is the first professional football player's contract as well. Making him become the 3rd authentic Thai football that has received a professional contract from the German League club from Witthaya Laohakul (Harta Berlin, Sabrokkan) and Kovit Foi Thong (Safo Lohh AF) start with determination. It is a pleasure for the Thai football industry, with Thai children having the opportunity to play in a high level of leagues by Mike "Achit Phon Kiriram" began to be interested in football since the age of 8 from search. What do you like? With a family that encourages support and learning football skills correctly in an academy Plus Mike's school that has studied since Bangkok Christian Until Assumption Thonburi Are all famous for making players Allowing him to show his ability quickly and outstanding, which referred to that during the age of 12 years, had the opportunity to practice football for the first time abroad. Which is Portugal With the Porting Lis Ball Club, Benfica and Braga, Mike can adapt to the team very well until Coach Baraka invited him to join the team. But stuck to the problem that his age is still young It may be quite difficult to live alone. There will also be problems in the visa living in Portugal. Resulting in having to miss this contract And that is the beginning of the inspiration to be committed to football in Europe, adventures in the world. 14 years after deciding to depart in life, aiming that one day will be a professional footballer Mike has chosen to study and practice football skills at the DEUTSCESBALL INTERNAT Sports School before signing a contract with the youth players with the TSV 1860 Rosenheim. Germany or League Germany and shows a great form to beat 25 goals from 23 matches in the U19 team, with 7 Manchester Match positions and becomes the highest gallery of Lee. Division 2 and up to Rosenheim's big team, finally, called a hot form until it was watched by many teams at that time. After that, 2019 Achitaphon's name Began to be more well -known on the Thai sports media A 17 year old Thai child who is doing excellent work in Germany. After that, the association called Mike to be attached to the Thai national team again in the age of 19 years in the U-19 Football Championship 2020 Qualifier in 2019. Currently and the future, Mike describes the experience that Rehearsed and played for the club like a lot more than "This is a Bundesliga club. Have a good standard of players There is a complete practice field and training center that can allow players to show their skills and draw their potential. "Mike also tried to adapt to his teammates as soon as possible. In order to make football in the future more work team from the Germany for 6 years, he said that communication, whether language or living, is not an obstacle to him at all because he is learning. all the time And have enough experience in living here Makes it easy to adapt and familiar In addition, Mike has not abandoned the study. Apply to study there in parallel with playing football as well to enhance yourself in the future. As well as wanting to develop yourself in the football industry to move forward more. The seriousness of the German football here is very hard to practice. There is a seriousness in playing football. Everyone in the team, my friends that I practice, are all winners. Look at the target in the same direction. Most of the time, we will practice during the day and evening 2 times a day if there is no competition. In order to get used to the weather And prepare other skills when at the club I will practice with U23 friends. But the team also rehearsed the wings in order to change the play in some matches if necessary Depends on the tactics of the coach that will be used to use The players that he has always watched as a model is Cristiano Ronaldo, a striker from Manchester United and Robert Levadovski. The collapse of the Barcelona team and the ultimate goal after this, "I want to do my work well with the dress. U23 If we do well, there will be a chance to be called up to practice with the big team. In case of one day to go up to play the club's big team. "Because Mike has now promised from the club, allowing you to play in the Bundesliga league. Maybe one day we may see Thai people playing in the top German league.
Official!"Odi", La Chelsea, officially moved by Bailer Leverkusen.|Bayer Leverkusen announces the launch of Callam Hudson, the excess of Chelsea's excessive winged team, officially joined the team with 1 loan agreement after not getting the opportunity to enter the field under the team. Thomas Tubkel finally, this 21 -year -old attacker decided to move to join the drug store in the German Bundesliga. Officially And will wear shirt number 17 this season, with this loan contract, no options are specified. As well as the condition that in January, Chelsea can pull back immediately if you want to have a color. Just being the second new player who moved with Bayer Leverkuzen Summer after Adam Ho Losek, an attack from Spata Prague, who moved to join the team with a fee of 15 million euros. before
The same!"Sweet sweet", cute actress"The pioneer model angel" (picture)|Still the same cute for "Wan Wan" Arun Naphapanitcharoon, a young actress, considered the first idol in our bicycle spinning industry. That hour must say that she is outstanding until receiving the nickname "Angels" by now, she has been in a two -wheeled industry for almost 10 years. From the beginning that cannot exercise by running due to a knee problem. Made her decide to ride a bike Before practicing seriously, which she had revealed that bicycle sports made her concentrate on herself. Strong And went out to meet the nature on both sides She also met new friends. Family, brothers and sisters in the cyclist industry for "Wan Wan", was born and became known from the first performance in the role of "Mae Sri Mueang" in the drama drama "Warlord" in 2012, then still in the entertainment industry for a long time. There are works, both shooting and host work. She at the age of 32 years old is not reduced at all. While also having a sexy corner for fans Have watched as well For those who want to apply to be a fan club, they can follow at Wan Wannaphapanitcharoon Fanclub.
Sweet chick!"Schoro" accepts "Anthony" should not have a fee of up to 100 million.|Ajax's Great Alfred Shiroder Amsterdam admitted that Anthony should not have a value of up to 100 million euros after this player moved to a new player of Man. Chester United, a famous team in the Premier League, is completed according to the report from 90min, England, the Red Devils team confirmed that They have reached an agreement with the giant from the Netherlands to grab the Brazilian football team on Tuesday afternoon. Which this deal is complete after being able to agree on personal conditions As well as a physical examination and has received a work permit. However, Chrirder gave an interview about the movement of Anthony at this time, he sees that with a value of 100 million euros, causing the present value. The footballer's body is too high. "Today, these values ​​are very crazy." "Barcelona agreed to pay 115 million euros for Usman Dambele, Manchester United paid more than 100 million euros, the value of Chedon Sancho from Then you can pay this level to Anthony. Ask if he should have this high value or not? Not at all, but it is a matter of paying "Head Coach Ajax stated.
Maximum penalty 10 years!"Sculo Ling" Singapore Golden Sharks accept to eat marijuana (picture).|Became a big news in the Singapore sport industry and around the world when Joseph Scrolling, the country's superstar swimming athletes Came out to confess that he eats marijuana while traveling to the SEA Games in Vietnam Ready to be prepared to be considered a heavy penalty Charged with inappropriate behavior as a national representative of the Singaporean Ceb, reported that Joseph Sculing and Amalim, a female swimmer, fellow countryman. Came to investigate after detecting evidence that both of them use marijuana At the time of serving the nation as a athlete, the report revealed that the preliminary Lim was warned from CNB for the offense. The Skulling's case had to enter the process by the Singapore (SAF), where he served the military service in current Although his urine test results will come out negatively But he confessed that he had eaten marijuana at that time. Previously, the 27 -year -old Scrolling entered the military to the Singaporean army. But was waded out of the army Come to practice and enter the SEA Games on May 14-19 in Hanoi, Vietnam As a representative of Singapore This tournament, he can do 2 gold medals from 100 meters and 4x100 meters, including the 4x200 meters of bronze coins in the category of Joseph Sculing and Amada Lim. Will be involved in the consideration There are also Ministry of Defense and Sportsg, the country's sports organization that will be involved in the investigation. These 3 organizations have a clear position that there will be no exception to those involved in drugs. Especially athletes or people who enter the civil service Which should be a good role model for the people in the country after the Cooling issued a statement of the confession Sorry, all parties that disappointed And admitted that he was so weak that he turned to addicted "I'm sorry for my actions that hurt everyone around. Especially the family and teenagers who are watching me. "" I became a bad example and I apologized. I was wrong. I was responsible for what I did. I will pay for what I did. And will not disappoint you again. "For Singapore's law Stated that anyone who is involved in drugs such as amphetamines, heroin or marijuana is eligible to receive a 1-10 year imprisonment, a fine of not more than 20,000 US dollars (about 726,000 baht) or both. Nonetheless, as the Cooling is a civil servant. May be eligible to be harmful than normal people As for the brands And various sponsors Will stay by his side or not have to wait and see. Joseph Sculing is the proud swimmer of Singapore. After creating the name of the SEA Games gold coin, $ 29, 3 Asian Games gold medals and famous throughout the world by winning the 2016 Olympic gold medal in Brazil in a 100 meter butterfly posture. Before turning to military service And the scandal occurred today
Only 2 days left!"Klopp" revealed the situation of the new Liverpool hunting before the market closed.|Liverpool's big club Came out to admit that He was unable to grab a new player to join the team, while the trading market was closing in the next few days, according to the report from Liverpool ECO, the German manager confessed to the situation of the chase. Playing new people in the final curve of the summer market By accepting that it is difficult for the team to find the right player in this limited time While the press conference is preparing to meet Newcastle this Wednesday. "Are we still hunting for a new midfielder? It may be yes, but the closer the market is closed like this, it seems difficult. This is what happened. What can I say? Nothing happened We do not enter the market. I am not even able to tell you the name that I want or I don't want. "" It's difficult. It is very difficult, even though there are some players in the market. But they have different problems Some people have a contract. Some clubs do not want to sell. This is what we have encountered. It is like that. Which we can't control it. "" I can't wait. But we will know each other This Thursday at 5pm (when the summer market is closed), it still has time. But when the time runs out, whether we have signed with a new player or not I feel happy. Because you don't have to think about this anymore, "Klopp said.
All the unkempt!"Rang Nick" revealed an important basis that makes it impossible to resurrect Manchester United.|The former Manchester United manager Ralv Rave revealed the main reason for the time while he held the reins of the Red Devils. Before saying goodbye to the position of the advisor that had agreed together after that Entered as a coach when the team was separated with Olekunar Seoul, about half of the 2021/22 season before stepping out of the position at the end of the season. Referred to as the condition of the agreed bound to take the position of consultant to Manchester United before going to control the Austrian national team at this time as well. 64 -year -old coach can only take the team to finish the season with the 6th place on The Premier League score is missed. UEFA Champions League by Zhuge Liang nickname. "The Prooffs" opened up the major problems of the Red Devils that he realized during that time with the media in Australia, Durdddd, "As a coach and football director. The important thing is the development of many aspects of the club. And reduce the factors of various problems as much as possible It is the development of the team to the direction to use the game control as the core. And a clear football style to create more opportunities than the opponent. "" It can't only take 6 months with Manchester United for only 2 weeks. It's clear to me that What are their problems and how to fix it? But the question is Do we have an option to fix or change it? "
In the end, she came!"Super Bon", arms, accepting the challenge "Ching Kis", protecting the throne, kicking boxing|Father Kik Boing, number one in the world, "Super Bon Sing Mawawin" is responsible for protecting the world championship belt, one -version of the Fighher Watch with the challenger "Ching Allazov". Position of Kik Boxing World Grand Prix, Featherweight As a second partner of the One Fight Night 2: Song VS Angela III, which will be broadcast live in the American Prime Which corresponds to the morning at 07:00 hrs. Of Saturday 1 October 2022, Thai Super Bon First fighting for the first position from the challenger "Marrat Grick Learn" in March. Which can win the score Successfully hold the belt As well as going to the world's number one kick boxing player in the Featherweight version without a doubt. Skill from Belarus The winner of the Kick Boxing World Grand Prix And the queue of the championship from the superon for a while until the opportunity to fill in this battle. The major partner of the program is equally boiling. By opening the third battle between the two mothers in the combined fighting line (MMA) "Song Jing Nan", the owner of the World Championship, the current Strawweight, and "Angela Lee", the Atomic Queen Top That may be a big class to compare the large class for the second hunting belt. In addition There is also a World Championship in the World Championship in the Log Graphing rules for the first time in the History of one by the pair of "Miki Mu Suski". "From Brazil, the winner will sit in the Flyweight grade in this rule with the return of the band of the strong girl" Stamp Fair Tex "that will face" Ji Hin Xuan ", a strong competitor from Malaysia. Hope to win the form of the world championship with Angela. In the future, fans can follow the news and progress of One Fight Night 2: Song VS Angela III at Facebook One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc.com
PSG closed the deal to grab "Ruz" to strengthen the 5 -year army.|Paris Saint-Germain The top of the French Ligue Football Club announced to sign a contract for the Spanish midfielder Fabian Ruiz from Napoli by The 26 -year -old Spanish national team starred to sign a contract in Park Dessengce for 5 years or until the end of June 2027. The team's movement fee According to the report stating that 21.5 million euros (about 795.5 million baht) Is the child of Real Betis before being paid by Napoli to pay 30 million euros to tear the contract to join the team in 2018, then Ruiz became the main character of Napoli by playing 166 shots. 22 goals made 15 assists and won the Copa Italia Season 2019-20 Ruice, which was the 5th army of PSG in this summer after Nano Mendes, Wi. Tinya, Logo Ekkiti, Nordie Mukiele and Renato Sanchez
Sampdoria closed the deal. "Wing" joins the army to buy.|Sampdoria grabbed the Spurs midfielder Harry Wings to join the team with a loan contract. With the condition of purchase of sampsdaria, closing the deal, borrowing the Harry Wing, the midfielder of the Golden Spur Chicken with a loan agreement until the end of the season and the options are purchased. The Spurs will pay 50%wages. The 26 -year -old football has not yet entered the field for this season. The report revealed that the team was not in the team of Antonio Conte, the Italian manager and finding a way to release before the Summer market closed. Previously, Wings received the attention of many European teams, whether Is Sevilla, Everton, Leeds United and Roma, but in the end, it ended up moving to play in Serie A Sampadoria. Season And there is a condition of purchase while Nico Shira, an Italian journalist that "La Samp" will buy a wing at the price of 25 million euros, Conte revealed that "If I am selfish Maybe I keep him here. We have 5 strong midfielders like Ben Kurk, Hoiberg, Biszuma, Skippe and Wink. For me, it's OK. But players want to play They need different challenges. "And he also revealed. That if Winks works well in Italy He is always ready to give this midfielder.
Habits never change!"Ronaldo" arranges to park the car to talk. "The youngster" who stands waiting for the side of the road (picture)|Cristiano Ronaldo, the talented shooting star of the Portuguese national team of "Red Devils" Manchester United, a famous team in the English Premier League, impressed the fans. Around the world that saw the heroine off the field again by this time A 37 -year -old Keng Khem was captured that the car was not far from the Carrington practice field. After seeing a youngster wearing a club shirt number 7, standing on the street to wait to see the beloved football, the car parked immediately and called the youngster to come before reducing the mirror. And signed the intention of the said young man who stood waiting This event has received a lot of praise from football fans about being a youth beloved, even though the situation in the Old Trafford of Cristiano Ronaldo is still not. Of course, after being reduced, the role is just a substitute since the opening of the season. Despite being the number 1 score of the team last season By making up to 24 goals from all 38 matches for the future of Portuguese national team captain Has been watched continuously after the news that the person wants to move out of the club to play in the UEFA cup Champions League However, the out -of -field story of the person has always received admiration because he always acts friendly with football fans.
Won all parties understand!"Chanathip" does not join the army of the War Elephants to the ASEAN Cup 2022 at the end of the year.|After the lottery of the ASEAN Football Championship or Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2022, the Thai national team, as the 6 -time old champion, in the same line as the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia and the winners between Brunei and Timorles. Tae, from the interview of "Manopopping", the Thai national coach revealed that Still want to get 3 players from the J.League to join this team in the future. , 2016 and 2022 stating that he will not participate in the ASEAN Championship at the end of this year. "Chanathip Need time to stay, because in 2022 he had to play in the J.League throughout the season, in 2023, there will be an important tournament like the Asian Cup and the World Cup Qualifier and asking Thai football fans to understand the situation. "" He needs time for the restoration of the body. In this regard, we have already informed Nuanphan Lamsam, the team manager and Manopping Head, the Thai national team coach. And both understand the reason of Chanathip "" This program is a list outside of the FIFA calendar. The ASEAN Cup program is a competition that affects the physical condition, so it is important that he must rest for important items in the year. 2023 "while the warm -up competition in September In which the Thai national team will have a 4-heater football competition with the Malaysian national team, the national team, Tikistan and the Tranida and Tobo national team between 22-25 September, there is still a chance that Chanathip will have a name with the team. This set Because it is a time that corresponds to the FIFA calendar
Not used to send at all!Leicester pulled the "Rising Star Man United" to strengthen this summer.|Leicester City, a famous club of the English Premier League, became a favorite to grab the young midfielder James Garner, Manchester United, the rival team. Before closing the summer market, according to the report from the 21 -year -old football football, he just came back from the loan at Knotting Ham Forest last season and made a good job that it was expected that Will be able to reserve the position in the big team of the Red Devils, but in the end, it was a team to move the team because of not in the Eric Ten Hak Leicester's team plan, Everton and Southampton are the teams that submit Offered to pull Garner to strengthen the army, but became the Fox with a better tax because he had just received a shopping fund after selling Vesley Fahana to Chelsea on the day. Before the report states that the Brendan Rodgers team prepares to submit more offers to grab the British national football team at least 21 years old, join the team before closing the market on Thursday. In order to help save the bad situation of the team that is currently opening the 4th Season, Leicester City, the final rank of the Premier League table, by playing 4 matches, can only be made in one match and losing to 3 goals. Only 4 competitors and 10 goals lost
10 million per month!"Trinity", the daughter "Dennis Rodman" receives the highest wages in the female league, Uncle Sam|Dennis's daughter Rodman became the most wage player in the US football league, receiving 10 million baht per month. Year, with her wages $ 2 $ 2 $ 2 $ 2.23 million, becoming a maximum wage player, overtaking Alex Morgan and Megan Rapino, two US national team. 250,000 US dollars or around 9.1 million baht per month Doing excellent work in the previous season While she was only 19 years old until receiving the new player of the year 2021, after leading the team to win the Nation Vamen Suk League with a 16 goal from the field of 47 matches, she received a compliment that she was an athlete. Intense as Dennis Rodman, her father, who is the Radi Bow of NBA, who won the 5-time NBA basketball championship, won the Detroit Pison 2 times in 1989-1990 and with Chicago Bull. Joining the era with Michael Jordan for another 3 times in 1996, 1997, 1998, with Rodman being named in the Hall in 2011 and the latest 2022 was chosen as one of the 75 best players. 75 years NBA as well
This is football!"Rodgers" accepts "Fahana" unsuccessful, preparing to import Belgium as a representative|Brendan Rodgers, Leicester City, is disappointed that the team has lost to Chelsea in Chelsea in the final curve. The 21 -year -old Premier League market is about to Become a new member of Chelsea after the negotiations between the two clubs have concluded. With more than 70 million pounds of players and a physical examination Before officially launched soon, while Leicester City prepares to bring his money to enhance the team in the quarterback position, the riverside midfielder And may include other positions in the final curve of the market. "We have discussed the team. But we will not use all the money from the money of Fahana. "" I think there will be some parts that we pay for Saint-Etienne as well, as well as some money that must be entered the club. I used to hope that he will continue to stay with our team. Because he is a leading player That is what everyone wants. "" If you want to continue to improve and improve yourself We hope that he will stay, but in the end, football can always change. And very quickly You can only adjust And accepting the change. "Leicester City prepares to launch the Belgian vents from the French Ligue Club to replace the foil, with approximately 17 million pounds and players. Will receive a 5 year contract
Is this price selling?The famous media revealed Liverpool snatched "Sydo" to join this summer army.|Liverpool, the English Premier League club is considered to submit a proposal to buy the Miduce Cydo, the Brighton midfielder to join the final curve of the Summer football market. According to the report of The Sun, the Dan Dan, the situation of "Reds" now has a problem in the middle of the middle of the players that many players are injured, causing Jurgen Klopp, the team of the team. And the management board has the same opinion that it should be reinforced before the market closed, which their goals have the name of the 20 -year -old midfielder Mooy Sessoso, which is expected to "Reds" ready to offer 42 money. Million pounds (about 1,764 million baht) in exchange for grab to Anfield. Because it is considered an important force of the team at this time for Mooy Sydoso, Ecuador Considered very outstanding By becoming the target of the giants in the Premier League After entering the field in the league for 15 games, 1 goal 2 assists
The tears almost flow "Sema Petch" to prepare to build a new house for the mother after grabbing a bonus one.|"Sema Petch Fair Tex" is touched after showing a strong form. "Rit Diamn Phet Yinnami" and grabbed a bonus of 50,000 USD Big Boss or more than 1.8 million baht (according to the current exchange rate). Referred to as this lump sum is going to make a dream to build a house for the mother. In the battle of One 160: Ox VS Christian II on Friday 26 August, the Sema Phet almost couldn't hold his tears. When able to win in the battle with Arika "Angel", keeping the number one chair of one Thai boxing. While also receiving a big bonus award for a diamond Revealed that the Big Boss "Chatree Sitthon Thong" gave him this bonus award. Like making a dream come true He intended to bring this lump sum to buy land and build a house for the mother after having to live in the rental house for many years. "I was very grateful that Khun Chatri gave me a bonus award. It's like lifting the mountains out of the chest. I always thought about how long to save money. Before building a new house for mom Because now my mother is also sick When getting this lump sum It can't say anything. Tears will flow. "" Must first tell that After my father was sick many years ago My family and I decided to sell the land. Selling a house to bring money to heal father But when my father lost 3 years ago, my mother had to rent a row house to this day. So I want to have land and build our own house as a gift for mom. "
Get off the field slower than friends!BG Pathum, a deformed form, defeated Chon Buri 0-1, open the Thai League season.|The Handrax Revo Thai League 2022-23 between "The Rabbit" BG Pathum United opened the house with "Sharks Chon" Chon Buri FC at Chon Buri UTA Stadium on Wednesday. August 31, starting the game for 17 minutes. Chon Buri FC has a chance to continue to win from the moment that Krisada Kaman tried to shoot far from 25 yards. Fanie dropped into the shot of Chanin Sae Ai, but the ball was unfortunately. However, in the 23rd minute, Chonburi FC, which was brought up 1-0 from the moment Sumanya Pui Risads pass the ball to Danilo Alves, turning over and shoots in the penalty area. The ball rushed through the hands of Kittiphong Phu, rope into the goal to go to the 27th minute. But the ball across the crossbar 37 minutes. 46 Chalermpong Kerdkaew, trying to extract the ball But wrong The ball moves to the goal but Chanin, a hot and can hold the ball. Before the game in the first half ending with the score, the game came back to play in the second half of the minute 63. BG Pathum United changed the players by sending Thirasil Daeng Da and Pathomphon Charoen Rattana. Play instead of Diego Louis Santo and Worachit Kittasri Bamphen, 73 minutes. But the ball rushed out of the box. At 75 minutes But still go to Kittiphong Phu's hand, rope at the 78th minute. Iksan Fany took the ball to the ground before breaking up in the penalty area, but Chanin Sae Ai, who brushed off after the 79th minute. Pathum United changed the player by sending peace of the moon and Abhisit Sorada to play instead of Jessi Kreans and Casio Chai 81 minutes. Da, but the ball floated without weight to Chanin's hands of the 88th minute. But still go straight to Kittiphong Phu, rope, and in the same minute. BG Pathum United changed the player by sending Surachat Sari to print to play instead of Pithiwat Sukchit Thamkul, the 89th minute. Semi -passed into the penalty area and Ikzan Fany entered Charol, but the ball was out of the frame. Unfortunately, before the rest of the time, there was no score, the game of BG Pathum United invaded Chon Buri F. C 0-1 in the opening game of the Hilux Revo Thai League 2022-23, with the next match of BG Pathum United, will visit Buriram United in the 4th match of the Hilux Revo battle. Thai League 2022-23 at Sanam Chang Arena on Sunday 4 September 2022 at 18.30 hrs. Live broadcast on AIS Play. The list of players of both teams Chonburi FC: Chanin Sae Aia (goalkeeper), Coronation Rueang Thanaroj, Krisada Kaman (team leader), Phithak Pim Pae, US Treaty, Suksaboon Ta, Chan Narong Phromsrikaew, Chalermpong Kerdkaew, Sumanya Puri Sai, Rae Natoilic, Danilo Alves, BG Pathum United: Kittiphong Phupra Twang (Goalkeeper), Jessi Kreran Nonthapaphan, Ngor. 79), Irefan vanie, Casio Chai (Abhisit Soradon 79), United Pongsuwan, Sarach Yooyen (team leader), Pithiwat Sukchit Thamkul. (Surachat Sari Pim, Nor. 89), Worachitkanit Sribamphen (Pathomphon Charoen Rattanaphirom, 63), Charoensak Wongkon, Diico Luis Santo (Theerasil Daeng Dan 63 ), Iksan Fany
Enhance the support!Chelsea throws hard, launching "Fafana", joining the 7 -year -old signing army.|The famous Chelsea of ​​the English Premier League club announced to grab the French Fafea Fanna from Leicester City officially joined the team on Wednesday 31 August. Many media revealed that "Sing Blues" spends 75 million pounds (about 3,200 million baht) to pull the 21 -year -old defender with a 7 -year contract (contract until June 2029) "I am very happy. I practice with the team. And this is a dream for me I'm very excited That has moved to join this club In the past two days, it was a very important day for me. "" I came to this club to win the champions, including the UEFA Champions League, Premier League, FA Cup, Liger Cup and every trophy. I moved here to win. And this club can grab the trophy So I will continue it, "said the new defender at the launch.
"Chessus", "Martinelle" swinging together!Arsenal smashed the villa 2-1.|The English Premier League football match on Wednesday 31 August 2025, an interesting game "Cannon" Arsenal opens the home at Emirates Stadium to welcome the visit of "Sing Makl" Aston. Villa Arsenal Adjusting the only position from the latest match, sending Samby Lo Kongka instead of Mohamed Elne, who was injured, while Aston Villa has an Olli Wattakin's spear. "Cannon" under the control of Miguel Arteta got a 1-0 goal from the shot of Gabriel Chaseus in the 30th minute, but hit Aston Villa, rival 1-1 from Lu Luis in the minute. At 74, but after a long time, Arsenal came to the goal again 2-1 from the shot of Gabriel Martinelli before no one made more scores and Finished 90 minutes with this score from the victory, resulting in Arsenal to win 5 matches in a row, with a full 15 points to hold the crowd of the table firmly. Aston Villa lost 4 out of 5 games. The 19th rank of the table
"Carwanho" is hurt!Liverpool overtakes Newcastle 2-1 up at 5 Premier League.|Premier League On Wednesday, Anfield was an important match of Liverpool Reds. Newcastle Liverpool Did not change the real game from the latest game. Roberto Firmino was the next target spearhead, with Morlah and Louis Dias waiting to flank the side. Matip came back to have a name in Newcastle United. There are a lot of problems with players, but the good news is. Alexander Izak, a new striker, registered in time, ready to be the real one. The center partner changed to use Champallassellce and Dan Burn. The results showed that the first half of the home team tried to make the game to hope for the goal. But came back to hit first in the 38th minute. Alexander, the new striker, managed to lure the target, not missing the second half, the second minute 54, Salikadong missed the distance when Alexander Ezhara fell out and dragged the defender before choping the net. But not because of the advanced flag, followed by the 61th minute. Liverpool beat 1-1, Mohamed Salah flows for Roberto Firmino to shoot fast with the right to send the ball through the goalkeeper. The rest of the Reds tried to score a goal before coming to the field. The 8th minute time from the work of Fabio Carvalho flipped over, shooting the ball, wiping under the Liverpool game, winning Newcastle 2. -1 other results, Manchester City 6-0 Knotting Ham Forest Arsenal 2-1 Aston Villabournemouth 0-0 Wolves One Derers West Ham United 1-1 Tottenham Hotspur 2-1 Newcastle United
"Halnd 'has exploded hat-trick," Alvarez ", pressing the City, half-safety, 6-0|Erling Haland exploded in a brutal form.Press the hat -trick as a second consecutive game.Causing him to shoot 9 children from the first 5 games of the season. Houleian Alvarez washed the beat and Jao Khan Salo.0 holds the leader of the crowd with 2 Arsenal points.
Juventus chased 2-0 to smash Speer up at 4 Serie.|The Serie A Football Battle at Allianz Stadium, Turin, Zebra, opens the house. Speer Allegri comes in the 4-3-3 pair of center. The center gives the opportunity to match the two-back Bermor as Danilo and De Chiho in the middle. , Lootalely and Miretti made the game three to coordinate the offensive line, such as Goa Darado, Moyse and Valahovic. When watching the main striker Valahwich, the team led 1-0 from the beginning of the game, the game has arrived at the time of time as the home team. Simi Lig helps Juventus open the nest to win 2-0 in Spear. Across the Stadio Diego Arman Da Maradona is a game between Napoli and Lechche. This game is really good. And missed the lead before the 25 minutes. Lorenzo, Colombo, killed the first penalty. But being shot again before the second will miss Napoli, which leads to 1-0 in the 27th minute, Matteo Politano has passed the ball for Elive Amas to finish the score for football fans in The stadium has a good play, who played well, beating 31 minutes. Morning Hool Mand opens the ball for Lauren Soo Colombo to make an excuse. Tuat won 2-0 or more to the 4th place in the table. This Saturday is preparing to visit Fiorentina, while Spear has a home opening program.
Paris Saint Germain invaded the Tulus 3-0 to lead the Ligue.|French football competition, French season 2022-23 on Wednesday night, 31 August 65. Interesting pairs, Tulus opened the home of the team and the old champions like Paris Saint Gerk Games. At the Stadium de Tulus, 37 minutes passed. Paris Saint-Germang, 1-0 from the coordination of Leonel Messi through the ball for Neymar to manage to shoot through. Maksim looks like a backpack. The visiting team is still doing better and 2-0 away in the 50th minute. This time Leonel Messi ASCOS for Kiel Yan Em Bap Pae The trigger is not left with the remains of PSG. Doing a lot of work and has the opportunity to do many times, with Tulus trying to find some channels, but there is no rhythm to notify how much at the end of the game. The Spanish left-back is repeated. Two swords for the team to lead the 3-0 to the Paris Saint Germain game. With the same point as Lans and Olympic Marxi, but the door is better.
Examples are seen!"Ferdinnd" Dreaded "An Toni" encountered the same fate as "Greek"|Rio Ferdinand, the legendary defender, Manchester United sent a warning to the team's red wing. That it may be pressured by the high value as Jack Greek, Manchester City, has already met after the target of the army throughout the summer Man United, announced to grab an Tony from Ajack The Amsterdam came to Old Trafford for 85.5 million pounds, which made the Brazilian national team wing the second most expensive player in the history of the club after Paul Pogba. Come in with money that is close to 100 million pounds and you hope that this price tag will not cause him to carry it because it looks like Jack Greek last year. Aston Villa. "" Now, Greek can win the league last season, so he can smile. But you will see that sometimes when players come in with a high value They may be able to play without freedom as before. And that depends on 2-3 stories. "" It may be a matter of heavy value. It makes pressure You will be especially watched. And there are still new environments, new clubs, new culture and new teams that are unfamiliar. These things are important when you sign in. But you must have a personality And the characteristics that are strong enough to deal with that. "
Complete the panel quickly!"Hori Chion" Fan Club "Chanathip" shakes the grapeter (picture)|This work must be said to have received a good response for Horion idol, a cute girl from the band NMB48 (AKB48's sister, who decided to throw away the grapeter. For the famous B.L.T. This September Magazine, the latest, her swimwear shooting work called Girls-Pedia2022 Summer must say that they are in the market. After just a few hours of the first day of the SOLD Out sign, the 26 -year -old singer became known in Thailand. After coming out to post pictures, holding a book, the competition program that has Chanathip on the cover, along with the caption "really liked (in Thai) because this man is on the cover" and also tagged straight to Instagram of the Thai national team star for Horion, a female singer born on Hokkaido. And really like the football game By following the home team of Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo all the time. The important thing is that "J" Chanathip Songkrasin is very much, even after moving to join the Kawasaki Feron Tale team. By being given to be a 1st bar player in his heart
"Bass-Pop"Badminton Japan Open|"Por" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai and "Bas" Dechapol Pua Warawaranuk Overcome 2 South Korean couples, while "May" Ratchanok Inthanon wins "Cream" Busanan Ungbamrungphan Through the second round of badminton, Japan Open Badminton BW World Tour, Super 750, Japan Open, at Marcen Intence Arena Osaka in Japan. On the afternoon of 31 August Is the first round of competition There are 6 Thai athletes competing in a pair of "Bass" Dechaphon Pua Warawaranukroh and "Por Po" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai 1st manual, takes only 34 minutes to beat Kim Wonho and Jung Na Eun's manual. 83 of the world from South Korea, 2 games, 21-16 and 21-19, passing the second round or 16 rounds. The final pair to meet the winner between Guo Sin and Jang Chu Xian, 32 of the world from China that meets Terry. Ri Hee and Jessica Tan from Singapore 29 of the world, single female, "May" Ratchanok Inthanon, 8 hands in the world, battle with "Cream" Busanan Ung Bamrung 12 of the world. It appears that Ratchanok is more than 2-0 to win the game 22-20 and 21-17. Going to the second finalist to meet the winner between the 17th hand of the world from China and Christie Gilmor, 19 of The world from Scotland, "Jiu" Pittayaporn Chaiyawan, the 20th hand of the world, loses Kim Ka Eun, 21 hands from South Korea 0-2 games 15-21 and 11-21, is unfortunately crushed. Gift "Jongkon Phan Kitithornkul and" View "Rawinda Prajai Jai 8 of the world has done excellent work, beat Tree Jolly and Kayakarpulla, 35 worlds from India. Be 21-17 and 21-18 to meet with Zhang Chu Sian and Zheng Yu, the 12th manual from China, while "Muna" Benya Iam Sa-at and "Anna" Nanthakan Iam Sa-at 29 of The world against the strength of the cabinet, Yu and Li Wen Mei, the 15th manual from China, losing 1-2 games 21-11, 15-21 and 16-21, eliminated the first, ending at the type of man. "M" Supak Chom Island and "Sky" Kittinu Pong Ketrene, the 31st manual, beat Kowee Chem and Lim Kim Wah from Malaysia, 2 games, 21-19 and 21-15. Go to wait for the winner between Akira Kaga and Tai Shi Saio, the 22nd of the world from Japan, who meets Fajar Alfian and Muhammad Riyan Ardeto, the 6th hand manual from Indonesia.
Want to know the whole country!Open the warp "Kim Min-Ji", the latest ginseng degree (picture)|Take to get to know the latest beautiful athletes that are the trend in the online world, South Korea, which is Kim Min-G, which comes with a striking appearance that is comfortable with the Allkpop website, reports that the Kosung athletics competition Kangwon Province, on July 7, the "Jin Chun team" was able to win 4 coins back home, including the gold medal in the 4x400 meters, with a star Kim Min-Jed. The said media army reported that the 26 -year -old girl's wind, in addition to receiving the attention of viewers and the media with a appearance. Her running skills are equally good. When sweeping many awards since being a youth Before being hit by Jin Chun Kim Min-J club into a trend among Korean netizens That comments in the same direction For example "This is the best -looking female athlete in our country.", "She looks like Karina (Girl Group Aespa)", "She has both talent and beauty", "for a while she has to go out. Variety program for sure "and" She is really beautiful "etc. For anyone who wants to follow the work of athletics Including Kim Min-J's outside stadium, followed by ARB0R_Day.
In the league!Samba Falcon reported to Liverpool Wang Xiu "Luke" 20 million pounds|In the Brazilian reporter, Liverpool revealed that Liverpool has submitted an expression of approximately 20 million pounds to Aston Villa, a English Premier League football fighter, considering the deadline of this summer football market to grab a trap. Join the Reds, the news was linked to the midfielder, Moy Sess Chizo from Brighton to Wolverhop Tan Derers in the previous period. Became the name of the 25 -year -old Brazilian engine room of Aston Villa. "Traine Luses, the Brazilian farewell to Aston Villa to Liverpool in the last few hours of the dead line, the trading market." Liverpool Has submitted an expression of approximately 20 million pounds to grab this midfielder It is expected that Villa would want to be more valuable if they hoped them to release Luis from the team. "While Yergen Klopp opened the story of the situation of Team "Are we still hunting for a new midfielder? It may be yes, but the closer the market is closed like this, it seems difficult. This is what happened. "" What can I say? Nothing happened We do not enter the market. I am not even able to tell you the name that I want or I don't want. "" It's difficult. It is very difficult. Despite some players who are in the market But they have different problems Some people have a contract. Some clubs do not want to sell. This is what we have encountered. It was like that Which we can't control it. "" I can't wait. But we will know each other This Thursday at 5pm (when the summer market is closed), it still has time. But when the time runs out, whether we have signed with a new player or not I feel happy. Because you don't have to think about this anymore, "Klopp said.
The person is still stunned!Open the statistics of "Halnd". Press 3 goals for Manchester City. It takes only 38 minutes (clip).|The victory of "Blue Sailing" Man City, who opened the house, bombarding the Ham Forest 6-0 in the English Premier League football match on Wednesday, August 31, must say that it is another game that Erling Halnd, the Norwegian national shooting star, exploded the ultimate form. In the game, the 22 -year -old shooting star has amazing statistics by pressing the hat -trick from the first half. While also being perfect hat -trick (Firing with the left foot, right foot and head in half at a time) and creates a record statistics for 12 times through the ball 6 times (successfully 4 times). There is a chance to shoot 4 times into the frame 3 times and all three times are all goals. Is a hat -trick for two consecutive games Considered as the 7th player in the English Premier League history that can continue from Lesfordinand, Ian Wright, Thierry Henri, Didier Drogba, Wayne Rooney. And Harry Ken. It is also considered as the owner of 2 hat -tricks in the English league. The fastest by playing only 5 games. Demba Ba's original record that used to take 21 matches and Anthony Ye Bua and Fernando Torres, who took 25 games.
Take it clearly!"Ten Hak" to the future "Ronaldo" and Manchester United|Eric Ten Hakkun, Manchester United manager of the English Premier League, gave a clear interview to the future of Cristiano Ronaldo in Old Trafford before the deadline. This summer football market will be closed. The Red Devils stood that Ronaldo will continue to trade with the team while the team is closing the official deal from Ajax under the value of around 85 million pounds after the previous. This 37 -year -old shooting star shows the appearance of the Red Devils army in the previous period by the latest. Portuguese national team Did not enter the field as the real Premier League game, the last two matches they opened the house to defeat Liverpool 2-1 and slash Southampton 1-0. However, the person is still in the team plan. " I just said that we need a good footballer. We need a variety of resources in the field to cover all the programs that we compete. Keep continuity That is our goal at this time, "Tenhag said in an interview before the attacking game. Leicester City on Thursday night." Among the offensive line. We need more strength. In order to be able to play 3 programs per week The attacker tends to be tired faster than usual because they run with more concentration. We need options Not only the amount, but also the quality as well. "" This team that we have will remain with us until the market in January next year. And this trading market has ended for us But if there is a great opportunity, we, as a top club, will always be alert. "
Disappointed work!"Gerrard" accepted directly, the chair began to shake.|Steven Gerrard, the team manager "Sing Phor" Aston Villa, opened his heart for an interview. After leading the team to lose the "Cannon" Arsenal 1-2 in the last English Premier League match on Wednesday night, August 31, by Head coach, 42-year-old, the legendary midfielder "Reds" Liverpool admitted that The concern that the local Park's local management board was chased out of the team manager. Due to losing in the league for 3 consecutive matches. "I think you will definitely look at me as if I was a person from another star. If I stand here And said that he had no worries. "" Of course I am worried I am honest. And can criticize yourself. "For the next appointment program in the Premier League of Aston Villa will open the house to receive the visit of the Manchester City Champion on Saturday 3 September at 23:30 hrs.
Use this rule for the first time in life!"Buakhao" with the mouth "Er Khan" BKFC battle|"Dam Dok Kom" Buakhao Bancha Mek, the Thai beloved fighter The program will be in the arena to meet with the Turkish fighters in the "Bernak Khel Fighting Championship" on Saturday 3 September. The 40 -year -old Thai fist has officially signed a contract with Bare Knuckle Fighting Championship, a total of 3 fights and is scheduled to fight the first fight at the temporary boxing stage. 8 Central World Thailand, which the fight of this pair will use the rules of the BKFC competition (empty -handed fighting throughout the world) is similar to the universal boxing. Punch on the round stage Punch 2 minutes, punch 5 rounds. There are prohibited directors on the stage, while the rules will punch without a quilt. Can only release weapons, do not kick and elbow, which is the first time in the life of Buakhao Bancha Mek and fighting in this rule After the past will fight in the Thai boxing rules And kickboxing on the top of the Thai beloved fighter Mentioned this rule that "This race is different from every time. Because normally it can be used for both punch, feet, knees, elbows, but this time, but pure fist In addition, the stage is also a sphere. Must be knocked only Therefore is considered a very challenge. "" However, my goal is to win for Thai brothers and sisters. I want the fans to be proud and want to promote Thai fighting sports to reach the world level more. And I promise not to disappoint everyone. "For the BKFC Thailand 3 fighting game between Buakhao, Bancha Mek and Er Khan Warol will punch at the temporary boxing stage. 8 Central World On Saturday 3 September, fans can watch live broadcast via BKFC Thailand application. IOS system: https://apple.co/3z62Ymm and Android system: https://bit.ly/3B3GHCD or at the link. https://referral.bareknuckle.tv/bkfcthailand
Strong!Manchester City signed to grab "Akan Ji", reinforced back panel.|Manchester City has reached an agreement to grab Manuel Akan G from Borussia Dortmund. The 27 -year -old center -back is moved with a 5 -year contract, which will allow him to stay with the club until the summer. 2027 Switzerland national football team Became the 6th new player of City in this summer, followed by Stefan Orthoga Rotoro, Calvin Phillips, Sergio Gomez and former Dor teammates. Tamands like Erming Halnd, including Husian Alvarez, who just moved in after the end of the loan contract at River Ploe Tak Gaji Begin his football route at the FC Winterthur club in his hometown before moving to Basel, which he performed a great job throughout the 3 seasons before Borussia Dortmun. He grabbed him to join the team in January 2018. Akan Ji played 158 matches in the 4 and a half years in the yellow tiger. Helping the team win the German Cup in 2019 and the DF Pochal Cup in the 2020/21 season. "I am glad to be here. And almost couldn't wait to start with the team, "Akanji said in the first interview with the club," City is one of the best teams in Europe in the past 2-3 seasons. They can play it. Play in a exciting football form And nominated for the trophy of the year. So the year, so coming here feels like a perfect step in my football career. "" Pep Guardiola is a great manager. And this is a team that is rich in excellent players, so this is an exciting opportunity for me. "" I am looking forward to testing myself in the Premier League. And I will do everything that can be done to help this club successful. "Sikhi Bakeristein, Football Director Added that "Manuel has many experiences in playing the highest European football. And we are confident that he will strengthen the valuable army in our team. "" We are impressed with his work during his time in Dortmund, which he developed a good defender. a lot And he is a person who is ready to play in both the Premier League and the UEFA Champions League. "" He has everything we want in the center back. He is strong and agile. There is a great ball passing. And he will come to enhance the defender in this team and fill our style of play. "
Enhance the offensive line!Manchester United launched "Annee", the Brazil wing, joined the team with a 5 -year contract.|"Red Devils" Manchester United, a famous team in the English Premier League, announced the launch of the Brazilian wing from Ajax Amsterdam officially joined the team. On Thursday, September 1, 2022, with 22 -year -old players traveling to receive a physical examination. Along with the pen signing with the team until 2027, with an option to extend the contract for another year Which the main media of England Revealed that the value of moving the team is 85 million pounds. "This is an unbelievable time in my career path that has moved to one of the best clubs in the world. I want to thank everyone for believing in me. Especially the family All coaches and teammates Because I can't come to this day without them back. " And it allows me to develop myself with the style of playing And the practice that pulled the best pace in me Returning to work again made me excited when I learned about the plan of his team in United. I am ready for the next challenge. "The open -minded Samba player for Annee has a statistics for Ajax Amsterdam, a former 134, Dutch league, making 31 goals and 27 asse. Sat is the 5th reinforcement of Manchester United in this summer after Taiyrell Maladee, Christian Eric Sen, Lee Santor Martinez and Gasemiro.
Giant battle bomb!"Kan" with "Tu Yaza" UFC invaded Paris this Saturday night.|UFC, martial arts organizations and the greatest combinations in the world Prepare to bomb the UFC Fight Night: Gane VS Tuivasa. The first partner is a fight in the Heavy Wet model between the World Championship series. The French number 1 will meet with the Australian -Australian Turkey. Which will move to compete at Accor arena, Paris, France On the 3rd Saturday night. The World Championship No. 1 from France, Syil Gan, 32, who has a statistics of 10 and has just lost for the first time in the latest fight by losing the score of Fon Sis Nu, the owner of the Heavy World Championship. Top In January, by "Bon Gamin" will have a duel with Tua Yuaza, a 29 -year -old Australian who comes with a winning statistics of 14, losing 3, plus 14 victories, winning 13 fights by results. The latest work, chopped the elbow to beat Knight Derrick Lewis beautifully in the second round in February. In the past, the major partner was the fight in the Middleweight coordinates between Robert Vitker, a former 31 -year -old world champion and a special champion from Australia. Statistics winner 23 loses 6 at the latest fight, lost to the world champions like Israel Adesanya in February, with Wittier, will meet Marin Weetri, a 28 -year -old Italian fighter with Statistics winning 18 lost 5 by the latest fight, beat Paolo Costa in October. Last year, including the arena of the French fighter, William Gomis, who will meet with the Netherlands of the Netherlands in the Fishwate coordinates. The Lightweight version has 2 fighters in the arena, including Fares Cym, who will meet Michal Ficak from Poland, as well as Bermout-Denis. Meet Gabriel Miranda from Brazil. There are also many fun fights, exciting and thrilling waiting under the UFC Fight Night: Gane VS Tuivasa this Saturday night 02.00 hrs. (Morning Sunday). The official pairing of the UFC Fight Night: Gane VS Tuivasa, the main partner in the first match - Hevvi Weewet Seiril VS Turuasa, secondary vice -starred model - Middleweight Robur Tawit Thaiger VS Marvin Weetwit, Middle Veto Ledle, Chiro VS, Roman Copyl, Lightweight Ves, Macsie VS Rattha Hak Parstant, Featherweight, Gomis VS VS, Yarno Erenes, Fishwel, Charles Churu Din vs Nathana The Middleweight Middle Vocadov VS Dustine Staltovus, Light West Faes, Michal, Middle -VS Middlek Surdine Imanov vs Kin Blacent, Lightweight Vet Berd, Saint Denis vs Gabriel Miranda Christian Ginosh, Featherweight, Stanie German VS Ilin Perez for the UFC Fight Night: Gane VS Tuivasa will move the wig to compete at the Arena Accor Arena, Paris, France. On Saturday 4th night, this main pair started at 02.00 hrs. In Thailand. Thai boxing punch fans can follow on True Sports HD3 (668) and the UFC Fight Pass application. More details at https://www.ufc.com/event/ufc-fight-night-september-03-2022
"Bass-Pop", don't miss out!Before the vice badminton, Japan|"Basketball" Decha Phon Puawananukroh-"Por Por" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai, the number 1 hand mixed in the world, passed the final round before the second runner-up of the Super 750 World Tour " Japan Open 2022 "on September 1 in Japan, the second round or the last 16 pairs," Bass-Pop ", Teng Teng, found Hyung Kai-Tan Wei Han, 29 hands from Singapore. The statistics that were once in 2017 were Thai couples that beat two games in this game. Thai couples also play with superior form. As the winner of two games, 21-14, 21-13 takes 33 minutes. Going to the final round to meet the winners between Thom Kel-Del Fin Delau, 8 hands and hands 6 from France or Ko Sung Hyoon-Om Hyewon, 17 worlds from South Korea, another pair of Thai couples, "M" Supak Chom Island-"Fame" Supisara Pure Sampran, the 19th hand guide in the world, lost to Zheng Zew Y-Huang divorced the second hand, the world and the hand ranked number 1 from China 7-21, 11-21, a single woman. "Mew" Pornpawee Chuwong 10 hands won Wang Chi Yi, 11 worlds from China 21 -16, 21-16 / "May" Ratchanok Inthanon, 8 worlds and hands, winning 8, won the hand of 17 worlds from China 21-16, 13-21, 21-19 / "Memor" Suphani The 29th hand of the world loses the world of 4 hands and hands 3 from South Korea 15-21, 11-21 single men. "Kanthaphan Wangcharoen 28, the world won" View "Kulwut Wititsan 11 worlds. 21-19, 21-7 women "Gift" Jongkon Phan Kitithornkul-"View" Rawinda Prajai 8 hands and hands, 7, beat Zhang Chu Xian-Zheng Yu, 12 worlds from China. 21-19, 21-14
Urgent announcement!BKFC "Buakhao vs Er Khan" moved from the Ratchadamnoen stage to Central World.|After preparing to hit the mouth on Saturday 3 September for the BKFC Thailand 3 Moment of Truth led by the major of Buakhao, Bancha Mek, a Thai beloved fighter who will meet with the Turkish fighter Ercan Warol. The original schedule is at the latest Ratchadamnoen boxing stadium. The competition has announced an express news via BKFC Thailand page that it is necessary to move the competition venue from Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium to Central World Instead of the internal problem between the organizer and the location With the following ..----------------------------- "!! Emergency announcement !! due to the situation Beyond our control We have moved our work. BKFC Thailand 3 Moment of Truth to a new place is greater! We will no longer be held at the Ratchadamnoen stage. We will now organize the Central World Live @ Central World !!! This is a much better place to access transportation and parking. We will upgrade our production above what you have ever seen. Before !!! All of your tickets still work and will not change for our participants. Additional is newer and better !!! The door opens at 17:00 hrs. And the fight will start at 18:00 on Saturday 3 September! The team will disclose other information. In the next two days Therefore, please follow these exciting updates! Please help us by sharing this post as much as possible. Thank you to everyone who understands and supports. We promise to bring the BKFC experience to you in a way that you have never seen, never seen anywhere before in life. Do not believe, come to join our event! The Central World Live Location.https: //maps.app.goo.gl/nhuh3bmeh7jkjfzq8? G_ST = IC "
"San Cho" beat the tone!Manchester United attacked Leicester 1-0 to seize 5 Premier League.|English Premier League football 2022/23 Thursday night, September 1, 2022 Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United Stadium: King Power Stadium Manchester United invaded Leicester narrowly. 0- 1, with the goal from Chedon Sancho in the 23rd minute, won 3 games, Diogo Dalot, Christian Eriksen. The first half of the Manchester United, who dominate the ball slightly and have a chance before the rhythm of A's shot. Ricksen in the 11th minute, but the ball dropped out. After that, the host seemed to do better and had a chance to win the free kick of Dews Beu Hall, but didn't pass the De Kea's hand. The 23rd minute, the visiting team first led from the rhythm of Rashford to pay, even though Sancho slipped into the goalkeeper and easily shot in the 27th minute. Danny Wardpoon at 37 Barnes, try to ride from outside the box. The ball ran across the beam. After that, each side did not do anything. The first 45 minutes. Man U invaded 0-1youri Tielemanans, Marcus Rashford. Started in just 5 minutes. The place is from the free kick, but De Gea Young Super Save for a minute. 52 Barnes has been scratched, but the ball is strong, making the direction difficult to remove the frame. After that, Leicester tries to attack the ball. Hoping to return the door But still finding a end with a chance to win a door. The 82nd minute, Ronaldo has a chance to shoot The ball bounced off the floor a little. But the ball ran across the beam, not going to win. After that, James Justin fell into the penalty area. But instead shot over the crossbar, unfortunately, making the end of 90 minutes. Manchester United invaded Leicester to win 0-1. The player named on Leicester City: Danny Ward, James Justti N, Wilfred Endee, Jonny Evans, Luke Thomas, Bubbed Zuma, James Maddisan, Yuri hit Lemans (Kelechi Ilana Cho Nor. 76), Kreynan Dews Berry-Hall, Harvie Barnes, Jamie Vardy (Petson Daka 88) Manchester United: David de Gea, Doto Dalot, Rafael Varan, Lisando Martinez, Tai Roll Maladee, Scott McTamani, Christian Eric Sen, Anthony Leeka (Gazi Mi Ror. 59), Bruno Fernands, Don San Sho (Cristiano Ronaldo 68) , Marcus Rashford (Fred N. 88)
4 important issues after the Red Devils game slashing the fox 1-0|English Premier League football 2022/23 Thursday night, September 1, 2022 Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United Stadium: King Power Stey Yom, a sluggish game, is as expected. Today, Manchester United Will still use the plan to hit the head into the house In the beginning, enough to win the ball at all But after shooting, leading the game and focusing on getting more as well as playing in two matches first Although it allows them to successfully keep the score of 3 points, but it makes the football fans follow to be sleepy and sleep on the screen. Because both teams today are easy to lose the ball The rhythm is too torn until almost never shooting a lot. Moreover, the ball started kicking at 2 am. Some fans encountered this may even be asleep. It was fortunate that Leicester came to the end in the last 10 minutes, giving the opportunity to open. The game is more exchanged. There are more thrilling rhythms. Cristiano Ronaldo. Douran do not hurt, do not die, do not die, prove the real World Class for Rafael Van Prakarn, the French, whose work seems to be the most perfect. In When pairing with Lisan Do Martinez, who today referred to a great form to trap precisely. Almost ended almost all overwhelming balls While also standing a good position until the offensive line of the host cannot easily eat him Which seems to be clear and clear from the time when Macsiri, Martinez, clearly Therefore, if not to the point of death, I can say that Ran must be perfect only! Raphael Varane Maddisan Carrying after broken, must really admit that the Leicester City team at this time looks quite far when compared to previous years. Since the goalkeeper leaned on the duties today, there was almost nothing. In addition, there are some mistakes, some light, some for us to see. Fortunately, they still have the protagonist like James Maddisan, who is outstanding than anyone else. And not just this game Because since the opening of the season, Maddy has always had to carry hope on the shoulder all the time By doing it since going down to the low ball Bring the ball forward Also have to find the end of the end as well. It would not be surprising if the teammates are diligent in this size. Believe that the Maddis Maddis Market may be able to look for a new agency. James Maddison , Christian Eriksen, Tyrell Malacia. The real thing is waiting for Phet Hak to prove themselves. The next match is something to watch. For Manchester United, they have a home to welcome the crowd like Arsenal. The form is strong, no rest from the beginning of the season that wins, there are 15 points from the past 5 games, although the Red Devils have passed Liverpool, but with the Reds team at this time, must say that it is not comparable to the The hotness of the artillery, this hour, although only a little, would have to hope that Ten Hak will have a plan to cope. But in the corner of football fans, just having a point back, it should be considered successful with the Big Match game like this. Eriik Ten Hag.
Official!Chelsea launches "Obama Mayo" through the deadline, the football market is short.|Chelsea football club of the English Premier League football Reach an agreement to grab Pierre-Emerick Obame Young officially from Barcelona on the day of death. Football market Summer under 12 million euros (about 10.34 million pounds). In contrast to Marcos Alonso, who moved the army Azulgrana by the Kabbong Center in the pen signing with the Blue Blue Army until 2024. The option has extended the contract for another year. "I am very happy. It is an honor for me to be part of this team. I can't wait to play with the team, "Obama Myung said to the interview on the official website of the Blue Blue Army." I still have a mission that is not finished in the Premier League, so it is a good thing. That I have returned here and very exciting. " Reports from many media stated that Marcos Alonso will move the opposite direction to Barca without a worthwhile, only the official confirmation from both clubs. The blue lion released the permanent Keane Real Valido, while Billy Gilmor Spin Brighton, worth about 9 million pounds on the same day, while Barcelona launched the Aka. Bayerin from Arsenal is worthless by releasing Abdesal Salzuli to Osasuna. The loan agreement, as well as Zer Jino Dest to AC Milan and Martin Bae. Rattawat to Espanyol, free agent
Official!Manchester United launches "See Browa" with a loan contract.|Manchester United launched Martin, see the official Slovakian goalkeeper from Newcastle, which will be a 1 million pound loan agreement with a 1 seasons. The purchase of 6 million pounds in the summer 2023, the 33 -year -old outposts said, "Move to join the Manchester United team, it is a special time. I can hardly wait to start working with them in leading the team to achieve the goal. "" I will work with many quality experienced people in the Premier League. We will help support each other so that we are still standard. The high level with both De Gea and Heeon, I have appreciated them for a long time. "" I would like to thank everyone in Newcastle, especially the fans for a great experience for 4 and a half years. Past I am happy every minute there. It is a precious experience when looking back. But now I have to devote to Manchester United and then see what the future will be after this, but for sure, I am very excited about moving to this club. "
Official!Barca confirmed free "Beyerin" from Arsenal.|Barcelona Football Achieving an agreement to grab the Arsenal Ecantor Bayerin in the English Premier League. Worthless on the day of death Football market Officially It is another old -fashioned residence. When the Spanish right -back grows on the football route from the Fag Mali Football Institute, the 27 -year -old star player, the route with the artillery at 239 matches by the pen. Signed a contract with the Army Azulgrana for 1 year after the last season was spent under the loan contract with Real Betis, with the Doll Bayerin to Camp Nou. Zer Jino Dest Barca in the same position, becoming a new member of AC Milan under the loan agreement on the same day. Some parts of the postal farewell, Gunner, said that "It's not easy to be an Arsenal player over the past 11 years, but it is my great honor to have this club's brand on the chest and play almost 250 matches in front of you."
Official!Liverpool confirmed Sue "Artor Melo".|Liverpool football club of the English Premier League football Achieving an agreement to grab the midfielder Artou Melo in Juventus in Galo Chisia, Italy officially joined the army under the loan contract to the end of the season. 2022/23, the 26 -year -old Brazilian midfielder, became a new member of the Reds' officially on the dead day, the trading market after the team of Yergen Klopp has just lost Jordan Henderson in the midfield position again. According to the injury in the game, they beat Newcastle 2-1 on Wednesday night. "I was very happy to wear a great competition under the famous club. Representatives of many things in the football world It's like a dream for me, "Artou said via the official website of Radmachine. "We discussed a lot. Both our ideas and vision are well combined. I am confident that this is the right decision. I am happy and enthusiastic to play with the team and do my best in the uniform. Liverpool "Artor has become the 4th Brazil, after the players on this team at this time, Roberto Firmino, Fabinho and Alison Bakers.
Official!Everton grabbed "Id Rissa Gay", Kudison Park.|The Everton Football Club of the English Premier League football Reached an agreement to grab the midfielder Id Rissa Sasa Gay from Paris Saint-Germain. Under the value of approximately 2 million pounds, after the person has moved out of the team of PSG PSG in the 2019 Summer, the 32 -year -old Senegal national team, becoming a secondary sequence of Christov Galyzer. The new Ligue team in the new season by Blue Toffee. Has been involved with Eid Risa Gay since the beginning of May. Before being officially confirmed on the day of the death line Used to play in the locals in Kudison Park between 2016-2019 before PSG invests him to grab him to join the 2019 summer at a high value of 30 million pounds before playing 111 games for the team in France won the Ligue and French Cup 2 times, including the team beating to the UEFA Champions League. The finals last year 2020 "I am happy to come back to Everton again in order to help the team and work hard for the club. I will give my spirit to the team, "Gay said in an interview in the launch with The Blue.
Official!Chelsea grabbed "Denis Sakaria", a borrowed loan contract.|Chelsea football club of the English Premier League football Achieving an agreement to grab the Denis Saga from Juventus on the day of the dead. Football market Summer under the loan agreement, the options, purchase, worth 30 million pounds, national team midfielder Switzerland Create a name with Borussia Dugechonkhak between 2017/22 before moving to join the Biang Konri army in 2022 under the value of 4.5 million euros that the person is not the first option in Overseeing the army of Musimilo Allegre. "I want to say hello to all Chelsea fans. I am very happy and proud to move to join the team. And waiting to meet you at Stamford Bridge is hardly. "Sakaria gave an interview via the official website of the army. Blue Lion, Todd Boh, President, "Denis is a talented midfielder. Which is full of quality and skills He will give a variety to our strength this season. And we are looking forward to seeing his work in Chelsea shirts. "Sakaria is one of the 2 football that Chelsea accelerates the deal to win the deadline with Pierre-Emerick Obame Young from Barcelona. The blue lion has released the permanent Keane Real Dolid, while Billy Gilmor Spin Brighton at approximately 9 Million pounds on the same day
Do not believe, must believe!Forest smashed the statistics, grabbing the most new football, the Premier League.|Knotting Ham Forest, the newbie of the battle English Premier League football Managed to sign 2 more on the dead day The football market is the Login Bader from Rannes and Sarageor Oriier for free agent. Causing all 22 new footballers to grab a new footballer, with the 21 -year -old Badetal defender moved from Rannes to scoop the forest under the loan agreement as the 21st, while Orriier signed The free Forest army contract for the agent after the separation with Barareral at the end of the last season. Which in the latter is in the process of applying for a work permit Which will be officially confirmed in the next few days and will become the 22nd new player. The report states that Forest has continued to try to grab the Misapa from Chelsea on the deadline, the market is also traded. But may not be able to close the deal in time, but even without the Steve Cooper team, the new players of the Premier League were made by 17 Crystal Palace. When Summer 2013, the Forest has increased the budget of 145 million pounds in this market. It is the 5th highest budget in the 2022 Summer market, second only to Spurs, West Ham, Manchester United and Chelsea. Reast- Morgan Gibs White from Wolf Hmpton 26.5 Fannid-Taivo Avioye from Union Berlin 18.4 million pounds- Neko Williams from Liverpool 18 million Pound-Emmanuel Dennis from Watford 13.3 million pounds- Orel Mankala from Stuttgart 11.7 million pounds- Jiu Murian Bian Kon from 9 million pounds. - Mussa Senatia from 9 million pounds- Levis Obri from Hadderfield 8.4 million pounds- Rotate from Alanta 8.1 million pounds- Oma Richards from Bayern Munich 7.6 million pounds- Hwang Ujo from Bordeaux 3.6 million pounds- Willi Boli from Wolf Humpon 2.3 million pounds- Hae Ryrotfolk Folk from Hadderfield 2.1 million pounds- Josh Bowler from Blackpool 2 million pounds- Brandon Liera from Akulense 8 hundred thousand pounds- Chicoo Kayate from Crystal Palace Free- Vennessee from Burnley Free- Jesse Lindard from Manchester United Free- Dean Henderson from The United Borrowed- Ran Loi Dee from Atletico Madrid borrowed- Order from Barurreal Free- Loic Bader from Ranne. Moving out of the team, Knotting Ham Forest, Samba, 4.5 million pounds, Nano Docsta, Ozer, Ozer, 1.8 million pounds. Lor Jenkinson went to Newcastle Jet Fried Wisdom, Ali -Ali Free Nicolas, Lennu, Komo Fried Silva. Go to Sydney FC MICTEN. Go to Sheffield West Day. Borrowed Hwang Uijo, Olympiy, borrowed. Loan Lake Borrowing Branodon Liera to Guamanaka Casket Borrowed Jonathan Phanso to Cowen Tree, borrowing Ethan Horwattan, Lutan, borrowing Josh Bowler to Olympi, borrowing the Gate Bong.
I can't see it!Foreign fan club comments to BKFC "Buakhao VS VS Warol" (picture)|Counting only one day for the BKFC Thailand 3 Moment of Truth led by the major of Buakhao, Bancha Mek, the Thai beloved fighter who will meet with the Turkish fighter According to the original schedule, at the Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium, as many boxing fans know that BKFC has a unique rule like no other. Because the punch must stand at the distance that is ready to exchange punch all the time While also not using other weapons as well This work is harder, stronger, standing on the stage for a long time, winning home. This fight is considered the first experience of Buakhao as well to get to the arena under the rules that the person has never punched before. This area therefore would like to raise some comments from foreign fans that appear on YouTube how it feels about the fights that are about to happen for the viewing channels. There will be live online around the world through the app named BKFC on Saturday 3 September 2022 at 18:00 hrs. Boxing fans can download both iOS and Android systems or can watch via links. https://referral.bareknuckle.tv/bkfcthailand ----------------------------------- --Kevin Macaringue, I like Buakhao very great to see him punch again. His kick is cool. Is a person who is practicing all the time. -Strych9 is very cool. BKFC This fight is very interesting-Zorion. Cosima, of course, Bua Khao skilled above But most athletes in BKFC have very good fighting skills But anyway, I think Buakhao is comfortable to handle --J. Sleezy almost can't wait. Would like to see a lot. -Yng, go to find someone from the kebab, come to Buakhao Yum? This is crazy-luis. Jimenez I am the fan of Buakhao and is a big fan of BKFC as well. I definitely won't miss this fight. So exciting! -R49 Y Buakhao may be overturned. -Brendon D The kick of Buakhao is extremely dangerous, but his punch is the nightmare of the punch partner as well-Michal. LEMPICKI I like to watch BKFC very much. This fight is also interesting as usual. From the heart of people who like to watch sports fighting I will not miss. -Mk Ernan is sure to balance the body and height. Disadvantaged. -Daniel Joyce Buakhao and Saenchai are the two best fighters in the industry. And is a legend that should be highly respected Wishing you and your family to find only good things.-Lessandro La Serra Buakhao has a punch that is too heavy. He is the top -Morray. Zoulette, isn't that more weighted competitors than Buakhao? -Family SBKFC has a better contract with athletes. Hopefully the future will bring Dave Lad too! -ITS Jello Buaoo now looks very strong -kickbox. Veteraran this program was too little assessment. Hope this fight will make it bang until everyone is interested. -QAIB SIB NCAWS Buakhao wins Knock -Micaiah. Flores, Tui Nui, duel and destroyed This is like this-Killer. Nightmare Buakhao wins 100%-James Thorne. I still want to see Buakhao.
Hand stabbed the captain!The famous media unfolding "Ronaldo" once suggested "Rang Nik" arrested "McGuire" as a backup.|The famous media revealed that Cristiano Ronaldo Star, Manchester United striker, was revealed that he introduced Ralfrangkun, a former manager of the team captain, Harry McGura. The side of the Di Athletic stadium stated that in February Many players of the Red Devils talked openly with the Nikni about their concerns from that team at that time. In the said group, in addition to Ronaldo, there are Senior football like Rafael Van and Paul Pogba, which in Ronaldo's case directly said that The team needs to drop the Maggur, who played lower than many standards, and he also told the nest to switch to use 2 strikers by allowing Edinson Kawani as his partner.
The most popular in the American and Chinese market!One Soaring No. 1 Twitter trend around the world.|Championship Day (One) creates a popular hot trend. Soar ranked No. 1 Twitter trend around the world, especially 2 major markets such as the United States and China, rating the top topics that people talk about overwhelmingly in the past weekend. The first match under the cooperation with Prime Video Chatri, the founder, the founder, President and CEO of One's CEO, announced the success on Facebook, Chatri Sityodtong, after the world fighting fans welcomed the world. For one 160 and One Fight Night 1, held on 26-27 August 2022, with Big Boss One posted a Thai translation, "Thank you to the greatest fans in the world. Ranked 1 trend that people are talking about on Twitter around the world 3 in 10. In addition, one is ranked number 1, the topic that people talk about the most in the United States. And Chinese social media (Weibo, Douyin, Kuaishou, etc.). I would like to thank you again for our amazing athletes, including the One team for your greatness. I am happy to repay as a leader. Come together to chase the dream together! #We are one (we are one). "The other post says" Thank you to the wonderful Chinese fans who made One hold the top 1 topic in China. I was aware of the love and support from a beautiful country. Which has a population of 1.4 billion people. Congratulations to the world championship, the first man in the mixture of Chinese fighting sports. "For the One Fight Night 1 battle under the cooperation with Amazon's Prime Video, which aired. Prime Minister of America and Canada Matching on Saturday morning, August 27, 2022, Thailand time There are 3 Athletes of Siam compete in the competition by "Nong O, Grilled Grilled Five Stars" to protect the World Championship, One Muay Thai Boxing, Bantamweight, Phan Phayakjit Muangnon and Super Lekkiat, Village No. 9, Ching Chai in the Muay Thai competition. World Grand Prix, the Flyweight model, which is pleased that all 3 Thai athletes show a beautiful form, grab a bonus of 50,000 dollars (over 1.8 million baht). next By shooting a live broadcast of the American and Canadian prime time The second match, One Fight Night 2, scheduled to be held on the morning of Saturday, October 1, 2022, Thailand time. With the World Champion of one, the Thai -weave fertilizer "Super Bon Sing Mawin" to protect the position And former 2 world champions, the world's first female sports "Stamp Fair Tex" continuing the MMA sports route.
Scandalous industry!SWAWker World ordered "Man Nakhon Pathom".|The World Billius and Snooker Association or WPBSA issued a statement that he was charged with Thanawat Thiraphongphaibun or Man, Nakhon Pathom, a Thai snooker on charges of Locked the results of the 6 World Snooker Tour between 2013 to 2015 or 2013-2015. In this regard, Jason Ferguson, the WPBSA president, has banned the Man Nakhon Pathom to compete in every program before. investigate It will consider the decision and may include the official penalty later for snooker, just like many sports that The lock of the competition is a prohibited thing. Which is provided in the rules of WPBSA as well. In the case of Man Nakhon Pathom, WPBSA revealed that the person who cooperated in the investigation
It is an important factor!"Ten Hak" opens up after the game defeat Leicester City 1-0|Eric Ten Hakkun, Manchester United manager, opened his heart for an interview. After led the team to slash to defeat Leicester City 1-0 in the last English Premier League match on Thursday night, September 1, with the Red Devils winning the goal from Chedon Sancho in the 23rd minute, making the team win 3. Make an appointment in the league Collected to 9 points and soar to the number 5 of the table. Before the 52 -year -old Dutch trainer said after the game, "I am happy that we can collect clean sheets. We don't just want the team. But we need all the power We need a lot of players. Because we have many games to play Once again, we have a good spirit team. We have 11 players on the field that fight for each other. "" 11 Our players set up and invade together. When you play as a powerful team, you can see what you can do. It is progress And if you do that You will get the correct competition. "For the Premier League program, the next match, Manchester United will invade the Arsenal group on Sunday 4 September 2022, 22:30 hrs.
Out of the field is the real one!"Kapa" Hell, proposing to marry "Miss Universe Spanish 2020" successfully (picture)|Full of instant For the new love of Kapa Arizabalaka The famous Chelsea goalkeeper of the English Premier League team, who has recently asked his girlfriend to marry, with the 27 -year -old Mr. Dan posted a picture via Instagram. Kepaarrizabalaga, standing with Andrea Martinez, the owner of the Spanish Miss Universe 2020, along with the Thai translation caption as "She agreed!" Before the woman came to comment, "Okay! agree! And fall forever! I love you. "In the past, Gapa and Andrea have been the target of Spanish media all the time. Because it is considered a most famous lover in the country In which Gapa's marriage proposal is considered very fast Because both of them had just released a relationship earlier this year. For Andrea Martinez Ferne, the 29 -year -old, she graduated in business administration and management. Famous for grabbing the crown of the Fierce Bull Before representing the country, participated in the Miss Universe or Miss Universe contest in 2020, unfortunately she didn't get any awards. From the contest that year But became a celebrity and has a job in the entertainment industry. But the form began to fall out since the beginning of the year 2020, with the main reason that is off the field Due to the parties that have to separate the way with Andrea Perez, a girlfriend who has been in a relationship for 9 years until being hit by the Senegal national team goalkeeper Ed Until now
PhatthalungSlash in Songkhla 5-4 Yala, collecting 3 points in the Southern Championship|Southern Football Championship In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project, "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium, an appointment to be honored by Kiat Wong Kraphan Phatthalung Provincial Governor, Phatthalob Sawan Siem, Sports Authority of Thailand, Region 4, Jai Phan Phan, Sports Director of Thailand, Phatthalung Province, Dr. Wisit Kanjanapas, President of the Sports Association Phatthalung Province, Winai Thongrat, Executive Committee of the National Sports Development Fund, Panida Sawakham, Khon Kaen Sports Co., Ltd., etc. Before the Southern Football Championship To commemorate the royal football of 14 southern provinces Has awarding valuable players The legendary player of 14 southern provinces The Southern Legend consists of Anuwat Phromsakul (Krabi), Police Lieutenant Chaiyut Piraphan (Chumphon), Noppon Sinchai (Trang), Siriphong Sirirat ( Nakhon Si Thammarat), Ali Flifi (Narathiwat), Panya Thep Chalaim (Pattani), Anucha Bua Kaew (Phang Nga), Opas Suwannarat (Phatthalung), Prachabutra (Phuket), Winai Suthawut (Yala), R. Tor Yong Yongchit Kongsong (Ranong), Ake Bun Phop Ruean (Songkhla), Komolwong Samphan (Satun), Apichat Thawee Chalermdit (Surat Thani ) For the first match results, Trang Line lost to Yala 1-2, collected 3 points, with Yala getting a goal from Abdul Hafiz, waiting for the Nor 1-0, Somchai Longmung. 66, while Trang was obtained from Wuttichai Da, many hrs. 33, another partner, Phatthalung, won the penalty of Songkhla 5-4, always in 1-1 collection of 3 points. Phatthalung got from the penalty of Nonthaphat Phut Khao. Korn Thawasiko, 37 for the next match program on September 2 at the Phatthalung Central Stadium, Surat Thani, met Nakhon Si Thammarat 16.00 hrs., Narathiwat met Phatthalung B at 18.00 hrs. Twinnaree Sai Dee Satun met Pattani at 14.00 hrs. Krabi found Phuket at 16.00 hrs.
Grow up, real, baby!Open the warp "Nika" Wonder Kid Ukraine, the World Student Champion (Picture)|Take to know the latest angels of the athletics industry Which can say that young sports fans Definitely happy to be a fan club. This name is Veronika Penzareva or Nika, a long -distance girl. The 16 -year -old Ukraine national team that must be said that the unit and face of the younger is prominent. Not allergic to the ability Born on October 17, 2006, started playing athletics since the age of 10, before deciding to compete in a long jump category. Because she has a rapidly increasing height in junior high school Especially the length of the arms and legs that allow her to jump in front as well. Is to win the gold medal in the world championship sports competition Not over 15 years old in Belgrade Serbia Went on September 13, 2021 with a statistics of 5.39 meters, beat the little girl from Croatia and Slovakia. Which won the silver coin with the bronze coin with a distance of 5.34 and 5.29 meters, respectively. For those who want to follow the work of angels That the new star of this cute industry Followed to follow on Instagram nika_penzareva
Holding the knee, talking "Timo Werner" after the Bundesliga and Air Bee Lipzig another battle.|Open -minded, former Germany national team striker and return to the old Air Bei Lipzig, which is an exciting face for the beloved German players of Bundes. Liga, 2 years ago, he left the house with the legend with the club's top goalkeeper. Today, fans around the world are interested in the new role of the life of the 26 -year -old footballers. This cannot be denied that all sights are waiting to see the excellent play in his hometown again. Q: How do you feel about getting back to Play for Air Bee Leipzig again? A: Of course, coming back to Air Bee Leipzig is a special thing for me. It felt like going home. Many of my players, such as Conrad Limers, which I still talk throughout the 2 years, still with this team for the past 2 weeks. I am very happy Both with teammates and coaches Aside from the team friends I am very happy to meet my friends who are still in this city. Overall, this return is very good. Q: When thinking back to the first air club, the Air Bei Zig Which has the most meaning for you? A: I think this question is difficult to answer because throughout the 4 years I used to be here, there are many special time. Whether our team can reach the UEFA Champions League in the first year, or the semifinals in that time with Tottenham Hotspur. The special time in the 4 years was why I decided to come back to Air Bei Lipzig again. Q: The UEFA Champions League with Chelsea in England. Allowing you to grow as a professional player, you think "Timo Verner" will do better than Timo Verner in 2020? A: Of course, I am more famous than when I passed away. From the team in the 2 years I live in the Premier League, I grew up as a player. And being a better adult as a player, I think that winning the UEFA Champions League And there is probably no more special trophy As for growth, it is forcing me to develop myself. Whether it is a new country and culture Or language training Until now, I was able to communicate better English. Q: What is your goal with the Air Beleipzig this season and in the future? A: I think coming back here And said that I would like to win the UEFA Champions League and Air Beleperic. I think our team is very good now and although we start the season very well. But I think our team can still develop And is still one of the domestic football team But all I hope that our team will maintain standards as well as last year. For winning the UEFA Champions League, it is definitely very difficult. And must rely on luck Especially the group labeling I think we are lucky to compete with a group that is not very cruel. And I think we want a little luck in the first 2-3 games, regardless of I think our team is another team that should be watched and will definitely be a scary competitor to other teams. Q: You are the maximum goal of Air Byper Zig and of course. This time comes with the hope of the fans. How do you feel about the all -round expectations? How do you deal with that feeling? A: Being a goalscoring of this great club is a special thing for me. It's not pressure. On the other hand, it is like happiness to continue to do it. Because scoring is something that I and other strikers love This expectation would be like my goal to enhance the statistics and do it better. Q: Now, Robert Lewandovski has left Bundesliga. The owner of the league's highest goalkeeper is no longer already. Do you see the opportunity to win this award as one of your goals? A: I'm not sure what "opportunity" here means? If it is a trophy, that's not my main goal. Personally, I think that all the strikers want to score as much as possible. And of course, the movement of Levandovski may make the prize easier. But in the end Bundesliga has many talented strikers. Since I was from this league in the past 2 years, players from various teams scored more and more, so it's not easy to win that award. Regardless I will score as much as possible. If I can grab this trophy at the end It will be the best. Q: What do you miss in the Bundesliga the most? A: many things. For example, the first stadium, I think Germany has the best stadium in the second world: Play that I think this league has a variety of players in the Premier League. It's really cool. In addition, it is not out of the atmosphere in the field, it is also very different from England. It is a difficult atmosphere. For me, Bundesliga is a very special league. Q: Another reason for your return this time. Is to prepare for the coming World Cup How do you assess the opportunity of the Germany national team this year? A: Of course, it is important in my decision this time. I want to play in the World Cup and I want to practice as much as possible. I was very dedicated to it for the reason that we had only 2-3 chances of competing in the football career. And it is the most honorable competition that players can play For the Germany national team I think we have a very good team. And we will be able to do well, even if we have a group that is very stone The pressure will dedicate us to 100% throughout the competition. And will give us the opportunity to win the championship in the end
Beautiful, good health!Look at the perfect body. "Kang Hyun-Kyung" Angel Pilates Dan Ginseng (Picture)|Take to know "Kang Hyun-Kyung", a beautiful girl, loves the health of South Korean with a distinctive face and shape. So pleasing to the boys. Hyun-Kyung has a career as a Pilateist teacher and health nutrition. Her Instagram BABANI has nearly 500,000 followers, resulting in her becoming a presenter about health products. Including a sports model, sports by default. Both at home and abroad The fans often see her in various activities with her husband, a big muscle, bodybuilding. For Pilates is exercise that focuses on strengthening the body. By focusing on the strength of the core of the body (The abdomen) build strength for the spine. Increase strength throughout the body As well as creating flexibility with Even though it sounds like yoga But Pilates emphasized the posture of the balance and flexibility than each position of Pilates. Designed to affect the body quite a bit The movement is soft. Emphasizing the force of all muscles in the body Whether it is a large muscle that humans use regularly Or small muscles That is not used in daily life There are 2 types of pilates. The devices used are pilates, referring and pilates on the mat. Let's see that The effect of pilates Including eating healthy foods How does it affect your shape and health?
"Supachok" reserves the assist Pay!Consadole Sapporo turned over, Srezo Osaka 2-1|The J.League 1 Japanese Football Competition 2022 Consadole Sapporo, No. 14 of the Sapporo Dome opening table, receiving the visit of Cerezo Osaka, the 6th team. Today, the home team uses 3-4- 2-1 Gabriel Saviar, Yoshi Aki Komai and Shinzo Koraki are three coordinating in the offensive line. The visiting team came in the 4-4-2 koji Toriumi and Mate Yeonjij, in control of Satoki, Ujo, matching Adam Tack Garcala, the result of the competition. The warlord of the owl is the 2-1 beat, getting a goal from two backups, like Kim Gun-Hee, 86 minutes and Ryota Aoki 90+4. Nagahara 78 minutes, with this game, Supo Choksarachart has the opportunity to enter the field in the 82nd minute down to Daikizuka before doing the work by assisting the goal for the team as well. Consadole Sapporo has increased by 32 points from 27 matches in Cerezo Osaka. There are 41 points as before.
The return of "Obama Mayo" number 9, the new person in Chelsea [Feature]|Movement of Pierre-Emerick Obama (33 years, promise to the middle of the year 2024 with an additional 1 year option) to Chelsea, making him the first Kapan player of this club. And became the 13th player since the new millennium, who received the number 9 shirt of the Indigo Blue Lion team in the past number 9 of Chelsea, which is one of their numbers. Whether it is a world -class striker, midfielder or defender, they have chosen to wear this number. And not very successful, especially Fernando Torres, who became a disappointing deal of this club. In contrast to Jimmy Floyd Hussell Ben, one of the number 9, one of the most excellent works in the Premier League era of the retro of the Premier League of "The Black Panther of Gabon" is to prove himself again whether he is still good or not with the Premier League after the farewell Arsenal farewell, both work and discipline at the end of the work. And it ended with a painful contract for the players and football fans Obama Myeong. Is a very high artist If any team can encourage him to have a need to play He will become dangerous for all teams, but if not, he is ready to disappear from the game as well. Arsenal work at the end with Barcelona's work in the last 6 months. This contract is a bet that may not be very high for Chelsea and the amount of 10.3 million pounds, but it is necessary for the team that lacks the striker this season at the striker market is a very fluent trading position. Considered as a deal at Win-Win for both Chelsea who wants the striker to finish the score. And the players who want to prove themselves on the fact that Barcelona has better representatives than him at the same time. When not an important person, they have to look for a new place that they will become an important person is the right thing for work. The rest is to wait and see how the work will be only 9 of Chelsea since 2000 onwards. Po-Kahlid Bouhlaz- Steve Sidwell- Franco Dizanto- Fernando Torres - Gonzalo Igwa-Tammy Abraham- Pierre-Emerick Obama
I'm still!"Balotellee" signed for 2 years with FC Yong, the 11th club in football.|Mario Balotellee, former Italian national team spearhead Get a new club in the final market of trading By signing a contract to join the FC Ying Club in Switzerland "Super Mario", 32 years old, signed a 2 -year contract with the new team, which is the 11th club in the life of their professional football by He farewell to Adanada Demispor in Turkey. That moved to play in just one season Due to the fight against Win Sophontella, the team manager violently Although his work is excellent with the field of 35 games, making 19 goals, 7 assists in the past season, the report stated that this deal is 2.3 million pounds and the players will get. Received the number 45 shirt, which is his regular number that has been used all the time. Balotel Lee used to have the most prosperous time with Inter Milan and Manchester City, including the big Italian national team. Many times he has problems with many clubs. Including being bulli about his skin color In which he is one of the people who hit this story the most in the football industry
The most mourn!"Petthi Thichai" suffered an accident.After acting on the game yesterday|The latest sad news in the Thai football industry that came in no one expected when "Peti" Thiwichai Nuanchan, the Thai league referee. Died from car accidents On Friday night, September 2, past yesterday, Pae Tee was released in the Revo Thai League on Friday in the game at Nong Bua Phichan FC. Pitchay Stadium, which after completing the mission Referred to the goal to drive back to stay at the wife's house Kalasin Province, but sadly, this time, Pae didn't get home. When having to experience the fortner of the car Ban Nam Kung Subdistrict Before dying at the scene of the incident at the age of only 43 years. Initially, Pae's body was sent to the autopsy at Nong Bua Lamphu Hospital. With the referee team and the competition controller in this game Traveled to see Pae's spiritless body In order to coordinate with the hospitals and relatives of the deceased for Thitichai Nuanchan as the 1st class judge of the Football Association of Thailand. And used to be a FIFA judge during the year 2012-2018, which had been in many important games The highest international program that has ever served is the AFF Suzuki Cup 2018 and has been in V league of Vietnam in 2016.
Narathiwat, Phuket form, deformed, storing the southern championship|Southern Football Championship In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium on 2 September, Sai C, Nakhon Si Thammarat won Surat Thani 2-1 by Nakhon Si Thammarat. Independence, Kongkaew, Nor. 35, Yapornchai Suwannakhiri 61, while Surat Thani was obtained from the conservation of merit. 80. Another pair of Narathiwat slashed Phatthalung B 1-0 from Muad Ferdwado, 64. Siriwannawari Sai Dee, the first pair, Pattani won Satun 4-0 from Fan Dermas. 29, 55, Muhammad Ae Ri Lao, 74, Sakirin Lathe. 88 again. Krabi loses Phuket 0-3 by Phuket from Anucha like Thong, Nor. 19, Manit Po. 43 and Anupongthason, 54 for the competition program on 3 September at the Baked Stadium. Phatthalung Province, starting at 18.00 hrs.
This event is cool all night!"Damn Ching World Cup" married a sexy girl. Onlyfans (picture)|The Sun Media of England reported that the famous Argentina referee Officially registered with Rominarota, a sexy female model with 18+ works through famous platforms like Onlyfans for this pair The Argentinian Pao has launched a relationship with Rome since 2014. At that time he was chosen to perform the World Cup tournament in Brazil. Before continuing to create work Until stepping to the highest point in the career by deciding the 2018 World Cup final in the game in France, winning Croatia 4-2 in Russia. A 33-year-old Romina is a two-child mother who was born with a black puppet shirt. g Regarded as a famous girl on social media quite a bit When a fan club followed on Instagram Romiortega, more than 2.1 hundred thousand people, which she tends to show off the body through exercise and swimsuit. Until finally jumping into the OnlyFans industry Although both of them are officially married, Rome has not yet stopped a star in social media, while the 47 -year -old Pita is still based on a football game in South America and the international stage.
This model is still unrivaled!"Phanipak", the World Grand Prix Champion 2 in France|Taekwondo World Grand Prix 2 "Paris World Taekwondo Grande 2022" in Paris, France The collection points to the Olympic Games 2024 by Thai athletes participated in the competition of 2 people, 49 kg, female "tennis" Panipak Wongpattanakit, the owner of the 2020 Olympic Games gold medal, not having to compete in the round of 32 people standing in. The last 16 rounds before defeating Umamima El Woractic from Morocco 2-0, lifted 6-1 and 4-1. Then, in the first round of the Quarter, also showing the form above the Leona Stoy Kovi. Croatia 2-0, lifted 9-1, 11-1 through the semifinals to meet with Kang Bora from South Korea, which this game was lost in the first round before turning back to win 2-1. With 3-8, 7-0 and 9-2 scores, the finals of Panipak meet Merve Din Din Chel from Turkey. In this round, the Thai girl shows the stillness and the superior tactic. Not difficult to go 2-0, lifted 6-0 and 11-6 to win the championship. "Nok" Phannapha Han Suchin competes in the 57 kg of the World Championship 2019, missing the first round of losing to Zhao. Li Joon from China 1-2 rounds 10-2, 8-13 and 3-6 for the next program. The 3rd field will compete in Manchester. United Kingdom Between 21-23 October
Luxury!Thai dragon long boat grabbed 4 gold medals, 2022 World Championship|The 2022 World Dragon Boat Race "ICF World Dragon Boat Championships Racice 2022" at the Czech Republic last night. The athletes opened a beautiful luxurious work on the first day of the field. Grab 4 gold medals from the 10 -paste boat category of 500 meters by doing from general male, general women, mixed teams and senior models, 50 years old. Today's program, Thai athletes will compete in the category of 20 dragon boats, 500 meters, and 10 dragon length boats and 20 piles of 2000 meters.
Wait a long time!"Nong Oh" with the next "Sema Petch"|"The King killed not to die." Nong Oh, a five -star grilled chicken. Announced that the next challenger "Sema Petch Fairtex" after the back can hold the number one chair of the Muay Thai boxing. Clearly in the latest fight And the queue of the sang of Nong O, the next champion of the world champion, One Muay Thai, Bantamweight, 35 years old, showing wow. End the challenger of the Munza, crazy, boiling "Liam Harrison", prevents the 6th successful position, moving the statistics without defeat to the 9th consecutive fight in one, and grabbed more than 1.8 million baht in the One Fight Night. 1 on Saturday 27 August, while "Sema Petch Fairx" opened the battle with Ari Kao ", Rit Dipetch Yinnami", the second challenger of this version of the force in One 160 battle held on Friday 26 Aug ago By being a rival to fall asleep in the air Can maintain the number one hand position And grabbed the right to re -match the championship with Nong O next time, as Nong Oh had previously been with Sema Petch before. One time in the world championship 3 years ago, he would like to send a deposit to that The next challenger says "Having said that, during this period, Sema Petch, he developed a lot from what he had met 3 years ago, his body was very good. He is more stable. "" I would like to leave the Sema Petch. I have been waiting here for a long time. Come up I am always ready to remove. I also want to be a match with his younger brother. Because the last time the fight was fun I would like to make the fight against the next time as a memorable fight. "Fans can follow the news and progress of the One World Championship between" Oh VS. Sema Petch "at Facebook One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc.com
"Ale Handro Balde": Barcelona's left -handed star|Barcelona's 18 -year -old Spanish left -back After being given the opportunity to enter the field in the era of Sabi Ee Ee Ee Ee Eerendebalde Is a Catalan And came to learn the football subject with Barcelona's "La Masona" training center from the age of 8, cultivating the pace until it was postponed to the club's reserve team in the year 2020 at the beginning of the 2021/22 season, Balde has the opportunity to enter the field with Barca's big team. Under the control of Ronald Khum, there are 3 matches, but due to the injury Causing the condition to not be fully fit until entering the era of Sabie Eerendez Trainer. Currently, Balde is still injured in ankle for 2 months, resulting in last season. He only entered the field with all 7 matches before opening the 2022/23 season. Because there is a very good pre-season Although the age is still young But he will definitely represent Jordi Alba in the future. "The second match of the new season of the new season Barcelona invaded Real Society, Sabi decided to send Balde. Into 11 real, even though the real left -back Jordi Alba Will be perfect and ready to enter the field and important events of the said game Occurred after the first 45 seconds of the game, Balde ran into the penalty area. Before passing the ball to Robert Lewandovski to kill the goal 1-0 before Barca wins. 4-1 after that In the latest game at "Chao Bun Thum", the house collapsed. Real, Valla Dold, 4-0, Balde has entered the field for 90 minutes for the first time in 3 and a half months, or since the match with Keta Fei. At the end of last season, even though Balde had encountered a problem of injury throughout the season 2021/22, at least Referred to as the last 60 names that have been nominated to win the prize "Golden Boy Award" this year for the Golden Boy Award, organized by "Tuto Sports "Italian sports media It is a reward that is given to footballers under the age of 21, who has performed a great job in the highest league of Europe. In one round, Balde is still a reserve of Jordi Alba in a position. Thin first And will have to work very hard To keep the experience for playing for the big team regularly in the future
Challenge well!"Tukel" revealed that "Obama Mayoy" is not afraid of mysteries number 9, Chelsea|Thomas Tubkel, Chelsea, is confident. Pierre-Emerick Obama, the new striker will make a new history as the new number 9 of the 33-year-old Gabon shooting club signed a 2-year contract. Working with the team on the last day of the season with a fee of 10.3 million pounds, which is a return to meet again between Tuke and Obama. After working together, when playing with Borussia Dor Mount is ready to receive the number 9, regardless of which players wears are not very successful in the latter of the Blues "Obama. Not afraid of this, what does this number mean? He is ready to fight to make his own history. Getting number 9 means enough courage for him. "" For me, Obama is a happy person in fighting for something. And he is ready to accept the new challenge The better the challenge, the better. "Obama, there was injury from the robbery of his home in Spain. But it is expected that he will be ready for the game this weekend. Chelsea has a home game against West Ham United.
Change the look sexy!"Pep's daughter" stopped sad after heartbroken "Ali" returned to bright again (picture)|After becoming the news that he was in a relationship with Decle Ally in the middle of the year 2021 before finally broke up for Maria, the beautiful daughter of Pep Guardiola, the top manager of Manchester City, which The end of the short -term relationship That time with the British midfielder There was news that Maria felt very sad. Because she was dedicated and hoped to be dating Ali for longer To the point of having to set up Instagram Maria.guardiola To be private for a while. However, the present of Maria, she has returned to live happily, 21 years old, by changing the look of a blonde hair that is eye -catching. Get with a beautiful, sharp face, like Southern European women. While also showing a full girl with a chic dress That she is considered a favis Including a swimsuit that reveals the waist shape. In addition, Maria is also one of the Guardiola Sala Foundation, the Charity Foundation organized to give an orphanage and disabled children. As for her free time Often travel to Europe and the Middle East on a regular basis. For Maria, the eldest daughter of Pep and Christina's wife, she has a younger brother and sister. The 14-year-old Tina, all of which always fly between Barcelona and Manchester because Father has been working in Manchester City team since 2016.
Repeat the Chinese partner!"Basketball-Pop" through the finals of Japan Open Chicken 2022|Badminton tournament "Yonex Dai Hutsu, Jotine Open 2022", the 750 World Tour is a competition in the semifinals. With Thai badminton athletes successfully through the stone checkpoint in this round in a pair of "Bass" Dechaphon Puawananukroh and "Por Po" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai Basketball "Decha Phon Pua Warawongkul and" Por "Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai, as the 2nd hand of the program and the 1st hand in the field, meets Wang Yi Lu and Huang Dong Ping 4 in the world. From China, it appears that this encounter of "Bas-Pop" shows a strong form to win 2-0 games 21-18 and 21-18 as resentment from China by winning 4 consecutive times at Meet the final "Basi-Pop" will meet with Yutha Watanabe and Arisa Higashino 3 from Japan on Sunday 4 September.
Little but very!Social parade tease "Chompoo Pornphan" sexy until the father has to hold the wood (picture)|Completed the mission of the AVC Cup Women's Volleyball Competition 2022 before successfully grabbing the 3rd. At the end of August For the Thai national women's volleyball player, but most recently, "Captain Chompoo" Pornphan Kerdpra, the current leader of the Thai female tire team Was not strong from the field When spending time resting in the land By posting a hot picture The flashing lights in ING ever. The 29 -year -old face set is in a picture of a purple single dress that reveals a little sexy corner. Via Instagram Guedpardhoy with the caption that "The sister asked "What did you say to wear this outfit?" The brothers and sisters in the Thai female volleyball industry do not miss to tease all together, brought by Pimphichaya Gram, Thanatcha Suk Sod, Kaew Kalaya Kamul Thala, including the celebrity. Of the slap team like Radius Fah Kue, etc.. Prepare for the 2nd ASEAN Grande Prix in Nakhon Ratchasima. In which the first match will enter the field to meet Filipino national team, 9 September at 18:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Channel One31.
The Thailand Championship is boiling!"Anucha" crushed "Thitiphong" grabbed the polic superbike field 3|Two -wheeled battle of Thailand champions "OR BRIC Super Bike" Win the fierce champion "Soup" Anucha Nakcharoen Sri, the top rider from Yamaha Bridgestone, Anucha Racing, explosive team. Good form Grabbed the large version of the 3 major pope, crushing over the crowd, such as "Ting Nano" Thitiphong Warokkorn from PSG A Duca PTT Luk Rubyon, a tuner. This novel before Ching Chai, this Sunday at Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram, Motorcycle Competition, Thailand Championship, OR BRIC Superbike Championship 2022, the competition has been The most popular and the greatest in Thailand Entering the qualifying program to rank the start of the 3rd on Saturday 3 September 2022, with the largest qualifying results in Thailand, 1,000 cc Super Bike. This field fell "Soup" Anucha Nakcharoensri, a very experienced rider from Yamaha Bridgestone Anucha Racing, the team with 1 minute 36.809 seconds above the first 2 winners like "Tink Note". Thitiphong Warokorn from PSG A. Duca PTT Lubri Cantor, Tuner Tuning, only 0.270 seconds, and the 3rd grid belongs to "CK" Chaiwichit Nitisakul from Chom. Thai Happy Home Motorx Bridge Stone Racing, the team after 1.019 seconds, while the situation in the model 600 cc Super Sport, which is intense since the qualifying round. It appears that this poll is "New" Kritporn Kaew Sonthi from Honda Racing Thailand with a time for 1 minute 40.515 seconds. 2, only 0.079 seconds. The 3rd grid belongs to "Tong" Peerapong Bunlert from TNT Motorsport, after 0.0165 seconds. And "Chip" Nakarin Athirat Phuwaphat from Honda Racing Thailand has started the game from Grid 4 and 6, respectively. The qualifying results in the super stock of 1,000 cc appeared that the position The polls fell into Sirapop Poolsri, a rising star from Yamaha PTT D.D. Bridgestone, The Belle, Film Film With a 1 -minute time for 39.980 seconds, slashing important competitors such as Chanon Intae from East NJ Racing Grid 2, only 0.332 seconds. Motor Sport Thailand following 0.766 seconds. The qualifying results in the model 400 cc Super Sport, it appears that Phasakorn Saen Luang from Yamaha WiP, Hat Yai Bridgestone, high -speed, Mark D.D. D. R. Grab the polls for 1 minute 48.546 seconds. Above the 2nd grid like Watcharin Tubtim, from Yamaha, high -speed for only 0.640 seconds, followed by Pong Bunlert from Yamaha Kybi BY, NB, NB, Ngao, Tha Maka, ranked 3rd after 1.093. Wiring, Grid in the sports model 400 cc, the poll of Thierthawat Khun Phu from Valvoline SMS Kawasaki, the team with a 1 minute round 51.316 seconds. Above the Indian riders from NEXAR Moritch AVRP Racing Grid 2, only 0.722 seconds. The 3rd grid belongs to Phaphat Phuengcharoen from CB fiber. Glass C. Phansit Phol, Smart Sports D.D., follow 0.775 seconds. The OR BR AIC Superbike Championship 2022 Stadium 3 will duel the finals on the day. Sunday, September 4, broadcast live via True Sports HD 2 / True Visions Channel 667 from 15: 00-18: 00 hrs. And broadcast live to 3 countries. Lao PDR, Myanmar. And Cambodia. Online Live Streaming systems at the Chang Circuit Buriram and Youtube: Chang International Circuit page from 09:00 onwards or follow more details at the Chang Circuit Buriram and Brick Superbike fan page. Speed ​​fans can visit the edge of the field. By the GRANDSTANT competition ticket for 100 baht / 1 day. Can be purchased at the ticket distribution point in front of the GRANDSTANT Elephant International Circuit Buriram.
Supports-the same beam!Everton opens the house, Liverpool 0-0|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 6th match, Everton, the 17th team opened the Council of Gudison Park, the Darba battle for Liverpool's 6th visit of the table. Today, the home team uses the plan 4. -3-3 de Mary Gray, Neil Mount, and Anthony Gordon are three coordinating in the offensive line. The visiting team came in the 4-3-3 system as well. Louis Diaz, Darwin Nuz and Mohamed Salah, led the hunt for the competition. Both teams opened the game and exchanged fun. With the rhythm of the pole and beams many times But finally can't penetrate the net Before being equal without score 0-0 from the result of this match, Everton has increased to 4 points, while Liverpool increased to 9 points.
Much sharper!True Bangkok United watching the nest in Nakhon Ratchasima Mazda FC 3-0|"Football" True Bangkok United is back to open True Stadium again after having to visit Nong Bua Phichay FC and Lampang FC. This match welcomes the visit of " Swathek "Nakhon Ratchasima Mazda FC in the game on Saturday 3 September at 18:00 hrs. By switching to Suphan Thongsong to play and adapted to use Chaya Wat Srinawong, Wanchai Charuongkran, and visitors like Nakhon Ratchasima Mazda FC have returned the door of the flower Watching the 9th minute pillar. Shoot to the block of Amani Genaldo, 11th minute. Open the corner of Korat Noppon Phonpon, a short play with Sai Kusavo Del Piroram. Get the 14th minute. But shot out at the 17th minute. The yellow card from the extraction of Herbaries Fernandest 24, Nakhon Ratchasima, got the ball from Sai Sai Kusavadel Peno Ramos, but opened to get out of the ball. Get the 34th minute. Herbie Fernande dragged the ball from the right to the middle of the shoot, but the ball went out unfortunately. The 39th minute, Abdul Hafis, Bueng, has opened the corner kick as Wil. Liam Club tackles over the crossbar of 41 minutes, Limwan Sathien Open the ball from the middle of the field to Mahmood Edm, a True Bangkok Gate, led 1-0 to the first half of the gods. Dess sent the ball to Van der Louis to shoot to the safe, the flowers were out of the back and from the continuous rhythm. Unfortunately, the 69th minute, Nakhon Ratchasima got a foul at the flag corner by Abdul Haphagebura Heng, shooting the goalkeeper. But the ball has fallen out at 78 minutes. Nakhon Ratchasima has a corner kick from Abdul Haphagebura Heng and is a header. Barty Fernandes opened a free kick and Everton Gon Calwes to charge the ball. But the ball fell out unfortunately, the 87th minute, Herbaries Fernande, opened the ball and as Suphan Thongsong, entered Charol. The penalty area of ​​Herbiece Fernandes killed a 3-0 away goal. "True Bongcock United opened the house to defeat" Swat Ket "Nakhon Ratchasima. 3-0 in the FC, collecting 12 and has not lost a door for anyone. The next match, True Beng Cock United must visit Sukhothai FC on Sunday, September 11, 2022 at 6:00 pm at Sanam Thale Luang Stadium. Bangkok United: Michael Falcard (GK), Peerapat Note Chaiya, Everton Gon Calvas (C), Suphan Thongsong, Herbaries Fernandes, Thiti Phan Phuangchan (Tassanaphong, Dararak, Nor. 89), Tristongdo, Chayawat Srinawong (Pakklao Anan, 70), Decade Limwan Sathien, Vandere Louis, Mahmu Ed (Ratnanat Aranyapai, Nor. 81) Nakhon Ratchasima Mazda FC: Pisan Dokkaew (GK), Charlie David William Club Noppon Phonkham (Patcharapol Inthani, 72), Jordan Medie (Natthai Srisuwan, 89), Tyon Kusoto Del Peno Ramos (Ritthiporn Sweet. 72), Abdul Hafis Buera Heng (US Kaew Sai 84), Dlan Alan Lu Xiang de Broker, Chaturapatsatham, Wasan Hamn, Sirote Chatthong (Uliver Grang N. 84)
"Yoi" missed the penalty!Fiorentina opens the nest, dividing the Juventus 1-1 points.|The Italian -Italian football match 2022/23, the 5th match, Fiorentina, ranked 11 of the opening of the Artemi Franki field. Local uses 4-3-3 Christian Coo Ame, Rick Cardo Sotil and Luka Yoi as three-hunting coordination. The visiting team came in the 4-3-3 system as well. Both teams are equal to 1-1. Arcadi Ussa Milk, 9th minute, Khun Phon Muang Mahakha returned from Christian Coo Ame for 29 minutes and had the opportunity to turn up, but Luga Yoi killed the penalty at the minute that 44 From the result of this match, Fiorentina has increased to 6 points. Juventus has increased to 9 points.
Counting 10 is not up!"Buakhao" brutally closed the account "Er Khan" first round BKFC.|The competition "Barnakkhon Fighting" BKFC Thailand 3 between "Dam Dam Dok Kom" Buakhao, Bancha Mek, the Thai beloved fighter and the Turkish fighter At the temporary boxing stage, 8th floor, Central World On Saturday night, September 3, 2022, the fight of this pair will use the rules of the BKFC competition (empty -handed fighting throughout the world) is similar to the universal boxing. Punch on the round stage Punch 2 minutes, punch 5 rounds. There are prohibited directors on the stage, while the rules will punch without a quilt. Can only release weapons, do not kick and elbow, which is the first time in the life of Buakhao Bancha Mek and fighting in this rule After the past will fight in the Thai boxing rules And the kickboxing opened the first round. Came out and walked away Play immediately, but Buakhao still has a blog card. Thai fist is not afraid to walk out to punch the left to shift before releasing the left into the structure, causing the partner to immediately start to stop. The machine walked on the rope before punching right to the stomach. As well as mobilizing a punch to attack, causing Er Khan Warul to escape, but Buakhao still has a stranger Turkish fighter Throwing down to sleep for the judges up to 10, still refusing to stand up, causing Buakhao Bancha Mek to fight in the rules of BKFC (bare -handed fighting). By defeating Knock Er Khan Warol, Turkish fighter Can only go first
Can't eat!Union Berlin guarding the house, Bayern Munich 1-1|The Bundesliga German Football Competition 2022/23, the 5th match, Union Berlin opened the Alte First Terry Stadium. Will start both teams, with 10 points equal from the winning work 3, 1 draw. Today, the home team uses 3-5-2 Rani Kadirak, the Central Dan Central, Bakebker, matching Kevin Beh. Rain hunting in the visiting team in the 4-2-3-1 system, Lee Roy Sane, King Lay Gomon and Sadio Mane, leading the army in the offensive line. Both teams are equal to 1-1. The home team first led from the 12-minute Baker, but the southern tiger army came back immediately from Yoshua Kimmich. This match makes Union Berlin have increased to 11 points, as well as Bayern Munich, which has the same 11 points after the Firefront and Borussia Dortmu. Nood with 12 points
Two backups, bring Hey!Chelsea overtakes West Ham United at the end of the game 2-1.|The English Premier League football competition 2022/23, the 6th match, Chelsea, the 10th team, opened the Stadium Bridge, the London Darbeb battle for West Ham United, ranked 15 of the table today. Local uses 3-4-3 plans. Wesley Fahana, a new defender, instantly on the field. The top border is Rahim Sterling and Christian Pulicla, the visiting team in the system 4-2-3. -1 Micha Il Antonio supports the target of Jarrd Bowen and Palfrons to support the results of the competition. The warlord of the Lion Blues shot overtaking in the last 15 minutes as the squeezed 2-1, getting a goal from two backups, like Ben Shilwell, 76 minutes and Kai Harware, the 88th minute. Bring before from Micha Il Antonio, 63 minutes From this victory, Chelsea has increased to 10 points in West Ham United, with 4 points as before.
The old champion is still strong!Real Madrid opens the nest to slash Real Betis 2-1, 4 shots.|The Spanish Liga Football Competition 2022/23 The 4th match, Real Madrid opened Estadio Santiago Bernabeu, receiving the visit of Real Betis, before this game began. Both teams have 9 scores equal from the winning work in the first 3 matches. Today, the home team uses 4-3-3 Luka Modric, controlling the Rod Rico, Vinicheus Junior. And Karim Benzema is three to coordinate the net The visiting team came in the 4-2-3-1 system. Borga Iklisia supports the target of Juan Mi, Nabil Figur and Sergio Kanalai to support the results. The military commander of the White King won the 2-1, getting a goal from the 9th minute Vinicheus Junior and the 65-minute road. 17 from this victory, Real Madrid Head 4 matches have 12 full points. Real Betis has 9 points as before.
Summary of the 6th Premier League football match, 3-4 September 2022|The head of Man City always invaded Aston Villa. Collecting 1 point in the second place, while Spurs opened 3 points to collect 3 points in Arsenal. Opening the house to attack Leicester 5-2, ranked 4th in the middle of the Chelsea table, opening the house, winning West Ham, ranked 6th. Brentford opened the house, collapsed 5-2, ranked 8 and 9 according to Order Liverpool collecting 1 point in the 7th place and Manchester United opened the house to collect 3 points, move up to the rankings. 5 at the end of the West Ham table, losing without points, with 4 points as before. Forest, while Forest collects this match is not ranked 19th and Leicester City is still a plum in the 6th match. Premier League score
Old champions stumble!Aston Villas fought the most, opening the house, chasing after Chaman City 1-1.|The English Premier League football match between "Sing Phor" Aston Villa opened the house. "Blue Sailing" Man City at the Villa Park field on Saturday night, September 3, 2022, starting the game for 5 minutes. The visiting team had the opportunity before Ilkai Gundo brought the ball into the right side of the right side before opening to Klevo. The top ranger fill it up. The ball ran across the crossbar. Unfortunately, the 30th minute "Blue Sailing" almost again. Kevin de Bruyne went up the game on the left before opening the ball to bend into the penalty area. Charge from only 6 yards, but not being released after the 38th minute. The host almost the same. Douglas Louis passed the ball through the Ollywatt to the penalty area before choping the Grery. The pole went out a little. The first half is still equal. 0-0 in the second minute, the 50th minute, the visiting team immediately wade through Kevin De Bruyne to receive the ball on the right before opening the curve. Running to jump with the left, Tung Tung, Manchester City, brought 1-0 minutes. 59, the home team had a chance to win the Louis Louis. On Blee ran to press the garden with the left in front of the penalty area, a little out of the box. The 74th minute "Sing Phor" refused. Come to set the foot for a while with the left net. Aston Villa follows 1-1 rival 1-1. End of Aston Villa game opens with Manchester City 1-1 to divide the points successfully, making "Singha" have 4 points to move in 17. While "Blue Sailing" holds the leader of the crowd by having 14 points, the list of players of the two teams Aston Villa (4-3-1-2): Emili Ano Martinez-Mateti. Cash (Ashley Young 27), Essay Conclast, Tai Ron Ming, Luka Di -Job Ramsey, Buakar Kamara, John Mac Guinea (Philippe Coutinho, 65) - Douglas Louis - Leeon Blee (Emili Ano Buan Dia 91), Olly Watt Kinman City (4-2-3-1): Eder Sun-Kylewalker (Nathan Eke 80), John Stones, Rube Ben S, Chu Gan Salo -Ilkkuno, Rodrie Aerendez -Bernardo Silva (Riyad Mahrez, 73), Kevin De Bruyne, Fi Lady Lady -Erming Halnd Referee: Simon Hooper
Updated the Premier Lee Lee Lee, the 6th match, 3-4 September 2022.|The Premier League score of the Man City always invaded Aston Villa. Collecting 1 point in the 2nd place. The Spurs opened the house to collect 3 points in the 3rd place in Arsenal. Brighton opened the house to attack Leicester 5-2, ranked 4th. Chelsea opened the house. Win West Ham is ranked 6th. Brentford opens the house, landslide 5-2, ranked 8 and 9 according to In order, Liverpool collected 1 point in the 7th place and Manchester United opened 3 points. Collect 3 points, move up to the 5th, West Ham invaded without points. There were 4 points as before. Ranked 19 and Leicester City is still a plum in this 6th match.
Move to the family!Barcelona form, attacking Sevilla 3-0, 2 points|The pair of Spanish La Liga football match between Sevilla opened the house with Barcelona at the Estadio Ramon Sanchez Piskuan Stadium on Saturday night, September 3, 2022, starting the game for only 5. Minute the home team has the opportunity to win Isco to put the ball into the penalty area for Ivan Rakitic to run and pour it out, but Mark Andrenecht Gen brushed off the 12th minute. Kor Kor Yon Jordan opened the ball into the penalty area for Eric La Mela to beat through the Mark Andre Schgene, the net, but the referee did not give it to the next year. The garden is fast. Usman Dambele took the ball into the penalty area before opening to the direction of the ball to bounce into the head of Rafinya. Rana "continues to continue the game. Chulsuongde opens the long ball for Robert Levandovski to fall into the Yasine Bino. 2-0 with the first half to come back to play in the second half of the 50th minute. The visiting team came to have a corner kick on the right side. Xia Char Charung, Barcelona Network 3-0 minutes at 70 minutes. The home team almost got a goal to hit the eggs, papaya, gomez, and the ball itself before breaking up on the right side of the penalty area. It's not difficult to end the game. Barcelona attacks Sevilla 3-0. Collected three points, moving the crowd by having 10 points after Real Madrid, the crowd with 12 players of both teams. Sevilla (4-3-3): Yasine Bono -Gonzalo Montel, Tong Ki Niang Soo, Neman Ya Gadelge, Marcos Akunya -Fern Do Rie Cheese, Yon Jordan, Ivan Rakitic-Eric La Melo, Uzuf N-NESCO, Isco Barcelona (4-3-3): Mark Andre Tae Chart Gen -Juls Kungde, Ronald Ah, Ho Ho, Eric Garcia, Alekan Dor Balde -Pedry Gondria, Sergio Buss Kets, Pablo Gabi - Usan Dambele, Robert Lewandovski, Rafinya
Open the game together!Milan keeps the nest, slap Inter 3-2, three points, the first Derby battle.|The Italian Serie A Serie A Football match between "Black Red Devils" AC Milan opened the house with "Big Snake" Inter Milan at Sanseo Stadium on Saturday night, September 3, 2022, starting the game 17 minutes. The home team had the opportunity to win the first frame. Charles deklah took the ball up before flowing into the middle of Rafael. Incredibly, the 21st minute, the visiting team responded, Joe Korrea got the ball before paying through the channel for Marcelo Brozovic to come out alone. 1-0 The home team is not easy. The 28th minute, Sandoro Toni cut the ball in the middle of the field before dragging up to the front and pays quickly for Rafaelle to run for a short time. The rivalry 1-1 with the first half, the first half of the 54th minute. The host immediately wade through Rafaelle to get the ball on the left before opening the penalty area for Olivier Shiroud to shoot along the water. Overtaking 2-1 minutes at 60 "Red Devils" continued to wade from the long ball in front of Olivier Shiroud, even if Rafael Lae showed the Speed ​​Skill in the penalty area first. Washed with the right pole into Milan For 3-1 minutes, the 67th visiting team responded. Matteo Darm dragged to the back line before opening to the front of the door for Edin Cher. At 77 "Big Snake" almost got a rival goal, Hagan Chal Hano Lu Lu dragged the ball into 25 yards before pressing with the right. The ball rushed to plug in the triangle, but the Mike Mike was rushed off the back. The incredible "Red Devils" AC Milan opened the house to defeat "Big Snake" Inter Milan 3-2 to collect three important points. Bring the crowd with Napoli with 11 points, but the child has broken as a list of players of both teams AC Milan (4-2-3-1): Mike Men-Da-Daidee Kala Berry. (Simong Key, N. 84), Pierroonulu, Fiko Toomori, Teo Akannondez, Sandoro Toni (Tom Moso Po -Boka. 84), Ilman, Bennazer, Junior Messius (Alexis Salamucks, 73), Charles Deklaw (Brahim Diasun .63), ราฟาเอล เลเอา, โอลิวิเย่ร์ ชิรูด์ (ดิว็อค โอริกี้ น.73)อินเตอร์ มิลาน (3-5-2) : ซาเมียร์ ฮันดาโนวิ Ch -Milan Scrinier, Stefan de Friday (Andre Ona 84), Alessanorbastini (Fed Rico D Marco 64) , Denzel Dumfiris, Nico Lo Barela (Henrik Makitar Yan 63), Marcelo Brozovic, Hakan Chal Hano Lu, Matteo Darmian (Robin Gosin, N. 84), Joe Akorrea (Edin Chenn. 64), Lataro Martinez.
Gleaning after the game: Everton opens the house, Liverpool 0-0, Mersey DEARBE|Considered a game that must be said to be worn from the first second. Really end the game For the Mersey Derby battle between "Blue Toffee" Everton, who always opens the house with "Reds" Liverpool 0-0, divided into one team per team. However, there are many issues in this game. We try to see 1. Elliott-Carwano bet Not working FBL-Everton-Everton-LiverpoolFbl-Everton-Liverpool / Oli Scarff / Gettyimages. Actually, the first match for Liverpool after the person has just played the role of Super Sub -Pangchai in the injury time in the middle of the Carwalo week. Started with a model of Harvey Elliot in the middle of the field, with Fabinho, the end, but became Elliot, which was able to maintain the concentration of the game continuously. As for Carwalo, it still requires time to accumulate football stronger than this for a while. 2. Nu Nuzet Darwin Nunezeverton FC V Liverpool FC - Premier League / Robbie Jay Barratt - AMA / Gettyimages, spearheading the Uruguay national team, beyond the penalty back to start as a real team for this game. Referred to as the name on the scoreboard With the full ball of the ball, it should be plugged into the net into the goal, but attached to Jordan Picford's miracle, although the overall person will be satisfactory, but the statistics shoot at the frame only 2 times from the 6 occasions. Is something that needs to be improved The decisiveness from the use of waste will become an important variable in deciding the big game. 3. Klopp's standard at the full -back position Alexander -ARNOLDEVERTON FC V Liverpool FC - Premier League / Robbie Jay Barratt - AMA / Gettyimages is the second consecutive game at Klopp. Out of the field in the right -back car, the British person through the ball below the standard until it was removed from the 59th minute, instead of James Milner, while the left side became the Simic Costa that squeezed Andy Robur. Tson started out as a real one, but he couldn't take advantage of the opportunity. Side 4. Excellence of Pickford FBL-Eng-PR-Everton-LiverpoolFBL-Everton-Liverpool / Oli Scarff / Gettyimages, Pickyimer Pickford, has become a rocky wall of the Reds. His defense was able to leverage the safety and became an important variable that made the game at Kudison Park ends with a score without scores. The British national team has a total record of 8 saf in this game. The highest made by the goalkeeper in the Premier League season 2022/23.
Cute!"Supachai" & "Nong Pia" cheering for each team before the Big Match Premier League (picture)|Considered as another lover in the Thai football industry for "Arm" Supachai Jai, the Thai national shooting star of "Lightning Castle" Buriram United and "Nong Pia" Busakorn Ekaphan, the latest football sports association of Thailand, on the occasion of the anniversary of the relationship for 3 years, 10 months, and the second day of their favorite team will orbit. See you between "Red Devils" Manchester United and "Cannon" Arsenal in the Big Match Premier League, so this work has to say that both of them ask for temporary love. No one agreed The woman who cheered on Arsenal wearing Granita Chaka while the Thai national shooting star Which is a big red demon follower, wearing a Man United shirt on the back, with the name of Cristiano Ronaldo for Supachai Jai, the Thai national team center Stepped up as the main force of the Thai national team The past season has made 14 goals from playing in the league 26 games, which is considered the most goalkeeper. There is also an important part of Buriram United announced the potential to win 3 champions, while the 25 -year -old girl graduated from Suan Sunandha Rajabhat University Faculty of Communication Arts Film branch And direct the performance Currently acting as a correspondent in the Football Association of Thailand Which, with work, allowing both of them to meet often Before getting to know each other And finally decided to be a girlfriend
What happened?"Buakhao" opens the heart after the fight upside down "Er Khan", just first (picture)|"Dam Dok Kom" Buakhao Bancha Mek, the Thai beloved fighter At the competition, "Barnakkhla Fighting" BKFC Thailand Beautifully On Saturday night, September 3, 2022, with a fighting game at the temporary boxing stage on the 8th floor. Central World appeared a 40 -year -old Thai fist spent the dictator of the Turkish fighter, a Turkish fighter. Only the first round It takes only 1 minute 50 seconds, which after the end of Buakhao has opened his heart to the fight. And the new rules that must be found "I don't think it will end this soon. Because we punch at first, I think it's not that heavy But where, when punching, we hit the punch, it immediately felt that it was full. " When punching out, we didn't know how strong it was. But when it comes to bare hands I can know that it is hit by meat. What kind of target is it? " But came to think that if we were hit by a punch, focusing on that, we may be able to even be knocked as well. "The beloved Thai fist for" Dam.com "Buakhao Bancha Mek is considered a famous Thai boxer. All over the world And became very well -known among foreign boxing fans Referred to the contract with "Bear Nuckl Fighting" in all 3 fights in July, with the second fight schedule to go to punch in the United States.
Fighting without giving up!"Basketball-Pop", the home teamDamage the Championship, Japan Open Chicken|Badminton competition Large tournament "Yonex Dai Hutsu, Japan Open 2022" World Tour 750 at Marzen Integral Arena, Osaka, Japan On Sunday, September 4, 2022, a couple type Final "Bas" Dechapol Pua Warawaranukhi and "Por" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai meet with Yuthawatanabe and Arisa Hikachino, two Japanese badminton players, ranked 3rd of Program by statistics that have been met 8 times earlier Is the Thai side winning 3 and losing 5, this year, met once in March In the All Ingland The semi-final "Basi-Pop" is a loser to 14-21, 15-21. However, in this game, it appears that Thai badminton players Refusing to give up easily Turning the situation from the first game Come back and overcome 2-1 thrilling games (16-21, 23-21 and 21-18). It takes 1 hour 12 minutes. From the success of this program, the Thai partner wins the 3rd championship of this year. From Germany Open and Singapore Open. It is also the 15th champion of both since pairing in 2015. Summary of 15 champions of "Bas -Pop" 2017 - Swiss Open Year 2019 Kao Open, Garia Open, Singapore Open Year 2021 - Yonex Thailand Open, Toyota Thailand Open, World Tour 2020, Haylo Open, Indonesia Masters, Indonesia Open, World Final Tour 2021, World Championship 2021 Year 2022 - Germany Open, Singapore Open, Japan Open
All over the world!Comments of the fist fans "Buakhao" begin to fight bare hands by winning knock.|Became interested in the fighting industry immediately after "Dam Dok Kom" Buakhao Bancha Mek, the Thai beloved fighter, is the player to attack the Turkish fighter Ercanvarul. Can only be first round in the competition. "Barnakklolfcing" BKFC Thailand On Saturday night, September 3, 2022, after the fight ended, it became a big news around the world when the competition reported in this fight that The 40 -year -old Thai fist, who starts a bare -handed fight, can overcome the fight with only 1 minute 50 seconds. We try to see the opinions of the fans. Around the world. Comments 1, just seeing that "Buakhao" is still fighting. I'm happy The legend that still lives 2 This man is truly a monster comment that 3 I can't imagine his brain system that practiced Muay Thai all my life. But when the arena is limited to use only a punch He has to fight the familiarity of his muscles. Of course, the comments 4 It's very unbelievable. Never knew before that Buakhao will participate in bare hands. In addition, he only won the knock out first. It's crazy. Comments that 5 It is a great punch. "Buakhao" is still in the fighting industry as usual. Comments 6 Buakhao are still the same. Fully with every fight And continue to kill everyone on the comments 7 It is a matter of training. Thai boxers will definitely have a stronger body. Because they have been training hard since childhood. Comments 8, Buakhao punching BKFC is very crazy. He is a legend and at the top of the fighting industry. Goat comments 9 Buakhao release the left punch into the man. The rhythm was clearly seen that the punch was startled with pain. Comments 10 wow! It is a great result. And I am happy (Reed) before fighting, I was worried that he could lose. But I have been wrong all the time. The 11th comment. We think that Buakhao has only a heavy kick and knee. But at the end of this fight, it immediately made us realize that His punch is also unusual as well. 12 He is a remarkable fighter. But the fight in sports, bare hands like this, it looks too cruel Of course, the organizer needs Buakhao to promote BKFC in Thailand. Comments 13 in Brazil, only people say that there are only crazy people. Only to fight with bare hands They say that there are only talented fighters. And only low skills will participate in that fight But today, we have seen that Buakhao who received praise from around the world also participated in this competition. 14 I want to see him in the MMA arena once. I want all the fighters who like to use the lock to get to know the fear of his fierce standing art. The 15th comment is too cruel! Warol's face is full of blood. Despite being hit by a few times I think Buakhao's punch can kill people. Comments that 16 You can't underestimate the man named Buakhao. Because for me who likes to watch his fight His movement Is no different from the beast waiting for the victims 17 He practiced his body hard for more than 34 years. He punched very often. Until the wound is full But he is a fighter Therefore, if he decided to fight in the bare hands Shows that he must be confident that he will be successful first and comments that 18 Many people would have forgotten that Buakhao is one of the Thai boxers who are regarded from around the world. Glad to see him punch again. And it is a good thing for fans around the world to see this monster rampage on the comments This 19 fight reminds me of Anderson Silva, punching with Tito Ortez in the international boxing rules. That ends sooner than expected. After the punch, Buakhao also came out to tell myself that I didn't think it would end that fast. At least he should be able to fight. And experienced in BKFC before meeting the next opponent. 20 Everyone knows how heavy the kick of Buakhao is. Of course, I think he likes to kick. And do it best But now he has a reason to fight in an empty -handed rules. He still develops every day. And I think he is a better fighter than anyone else.
The judges couldn't bear it!"Gan" chase down the "Tu Yaza" being caught losing 3 fighters UFC in Paris|The World Championship Fighter Series, French number 1, relying on agility and accurate weapons. Especially the kick of the body Was the party to beat TKO Taiyawaza, an Australian opponent in the 3rd round of the major of UFC Fight Night: Gane VS Tuivasa at the Arena Accor Arena, Paris, France. On the 3rd Saturday night, the first partner of the program was a fight in the Heavy Wet model between Seirl Gan, 32, who had 10 winning statistics. 29 years old, with a winning statistics of 14, losing 3, opening the first round is Tu Yuza, who is inherited, walking towards the home team, has a kicking body that bite the rhythm of Tuaza before ending. The first round was still looking at the tactics. In the second round, Tuaza also walked into the garnant. Both the punch and the ball kick the body. Before coming to hit the punch of Tua Yaza until falling, but still survived. At the end, he could return it by playing in the body of Tuaza and kicking the knees until the symptoms were not good. 3 Walk immediately With the hope of closing the account, Gan lived the output and trapped the beautiful body at all times. Until the end of the hand, shot the right punch straight into the face of Tuazawa until he lost the symptoms before collecting the big storm work in Tuza until the judges had to order the fight. Along with raising the hand for the series to beat TKO Taiyawaza in the 3rd round, adding statistics to win 11 and losing a single fight, the secondary match is the battle of the Middleweight between Robert Wi. The former 31 -year -old world champion and a 31 -year -old Australia met with the 28 -year -old Italian -fighter Marvin Weetwetri, with the results of these fights appearing that Vitteger released a target and more accurate. Was the one who beat the Wetri score in a unanimously Increased the statistics of 25 losing 6. In addition, the arena of many French fighters, William Gomis, who won the Netherlands of Yarno Errense. In the coordinates of the Featherweight version Like in the Lightweight version at Fares Cym, who won the Michal Ficak from Poland, while Bermanou Sant-Denis beat TKO Gabriel Miranda from Brazil can go in the second round, as if the French fighter Can win all 3 victories. The official results of the UFC Fight Night: Gane VS Tuivasa, the main partner in the first match - Hevvi Weewet Seirl Gan won the TKO Tua Ya Ya Ya Ya, the 3rd second pair. Ek - Middle Weet Robert Vitker won the Middlewet Roman version of the Roman Win Weetri, winning TKO Alessio Dichiro. 3 models, Middle, Sesame, Dean, Imanov, winning the score of the Lord Light Blacks, Light West, Hak Parstant, winning the score of John Macsi The Featherweight Gemis version of Gemis wins the Yarno Errense of the Fishrine Weight Wood, winning Charles Churda In Double. Wet Abus Magomed -Ove won the TKO Dustin Staltozfus 1, Lightweight Fares Cym, won the Michal Figak Weterfly Vet Bonua. TKO Denis wins TKO Gabriel Miranda. The 2nd generation, Bantam, Christian, Ganoz, won the TKO Calda Han, the first model, Feather Weather, Stefanie. German won the 2nd lifting of the I -Lin Perez for the next program. It will be a fight in the UFC 279: Chimaev vs Diaz. Fighter from Sweden will meet Net Dias. The American crazy battles will be exploded at the arena. T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas, United States of America, Sunday 11, this main pair begins at 09.00 hrs.
Why are you sitting back up often!"Ten Hak" opens up, revealing the "Ronaldo" rope.|Eric Tenhak, the big boss of the "Red Devils" Manchester United, the famous club of the Premier League. Came out about the care of Cristiano Ronaldo, in a situation of not being a real game in every game. In the past, but in the end, he continued with the team in the first 5 games in the Premier League. He has only one part of the game, but only one game is played. While the team has many attackers as an alternative to the team, including the Tony Star Brazilian, who moved to the event with 85 million pounds. Tenhak said about the management of Ronaldo Clearly in the latest media interview. "I am his friend. Sometimes his teacher It depends on the situation. He already knew that he missed the practice during the pre -season. Which is something that all players do not miss the preparation during that period It depends on the readiness, working together, movement in the field. And of course, the fitness of the players. "Manchester United prepares to do a big battle with Arsenal in the Premier League this weekend. And they are in a good form after winning 3 consecutive games in the league
Boiling after the game!"Mooy" West Ham coach, Pierce Var, Chelsea (Clip)|From the case of West Ham United missed the 2-2 rival goal at the end of the game from Maklee Well Cornet before the VAR committee and the referee will run to see the screen on the field. And decided not to be a goal Due to the view that there was a clash between Jar Rodboven and Edwar Mendy in the previous rhythm, making the final "Khun Hammer" defeated in this game, this event made David Moyes West. Ham boiling. "It is a very shameful decision. I was confident that the judges saw it as a goal. When he walked to the side of the field Saw in every rhythm of every angle that occurred And it was unbelievable why this rhythm was not a goal. "" The outposts rushed out. From the moment that the ball had slipped his hand many yards And he has no right to possess the ball Before the clash After that he wriggled in the pain on his shoulder. I don't want to believe that VAR will send this story to the director. And judged that way. "" I have a question with VAR as well as the referee. The judges should adhere to their own decisions whether it should be a goal or not. But in the end it turned out that he chose another type I think it's a very bad story. Bo Even told me that he jumped over the Mendy and it might have his feet to hit the Mendy. But there is nothing more than that. "" I made a lot of mistakes. The judges themselves may judge something. But I hope that when the judge has missed VAR, it has to play a role in making the judgment. " Long West Ham Losing is the 4th game from 6 this season. There are only 4 points. Ranked 18 of the Premier League table.
Unlock Sivichai!Muang Thong opened the Sukhothai 2-0 house.|The Thai League Football League 2022/2023 between "Kilin Pho" Muang Thong United opened the house with the "Bat Fai" Sukhothai FC at Thunder Dome on Sunday 4 September 2022, starting the game for just 3 minutes. The visiting team greet. Before, when Wiraphat Nilburapha had tackled in Osamano, he fired the ball into Sarawut Thornrit. The second pole shot but the ball in the net. From the long ball behind Wiraphat Nilburapha running to collect the ball on the left side Before opening into the penalty area Osamano, he fired the ball out a little. The 32th minute, the home team had a chance to win. Before locking the defender and the visiting team But still go straight to Kittiphan Saen Suk, the visiting team, the 34th minute, the home team has continued to pressure and missed the opportunity. Has come up to the right to the penalty area before breaking the ball to hit the beam and then fell on the line unfortunately The first half is still equal. 0-0 entered the second half of the 52th minute. The home team got a penalty. From the handball stroke of the degree of U-Tapao, the backup defender and Adisak Kraisorn act as a penalty to Muang Thong to bring 1-0 minutes 73. The home team escaped to 2-0 from the corner kick on the right Sardor. Meiri Flov opened in and was Jessper Neil Holm, who ran over the goal at the end of the game, with heavy rain. Do not do anything more. Muang Thong United opened the home. Beat Sukhothai FC 2-0, considered the first victory of this season. The list of players of both teams Muang Thong United: Somporn Yot (GK), Jesper Neil Holm, Lucas Rocha, Supaporn Pinaka Pho, Wattanakorn Sawat (Boon Thawee Thep Wong, 46), Wirathep Pomphan, Sardor Meriyf ( Thiraphon mocking, Nor. 81), Ek Nit Panya (Wongsakorn Chaiyakul Devin, Nor. 67), Picha Utra, Parames Ajawilai (Johana Omondy, 73), Adisak Kraisorn. (Henry Ani Ni, 81) Sukhothai FC: Kitphan Saen Suk (GK), Sarawut Kanlayanabundit (Anuchit Ngeon, Nor. 78), Chakrit Vejphirom (Degree U -Tapao, N. 30), Piyarat La Jung, Silasri Kampang, Princess Charana, Ryoherai, Sarawut Thornrit (Somkid Chamnan Sin, N. 62), Wiraphat Nilburapha (Ad Maya by Rawich, 78), Osamano (Chaowit Sasakulphon, Nor. 62)
Almost broke the house!Buriram chases Chao BG, Pathum, injury 2-2|The Hilux Revo Thai League 2022-23 pair between "Lightning Castle" Buriram United opened the house with "The Rabbit" BG Pathum United at the Di Emex Communication Stadium on Sunday night, September 4, 2022, the first half of the game 4th minute. The Buriram home team greeted before the shot in front of the penalty area of ​​Frank Castaka, but the ball across the crossbar after the 8th minute, the opportunity belongs to the home team. The ball is too light to go to Kittiphong Phu, the 26th minute rope is BG Pathum, who has less chance to get a 1-0 lead before the rhythm of peace. Wipe the ball by Naruebodin Wirawatnodom of the home team, intercept the ball wrong into the goal itself. The 29th minute, "The Rabbit" came to the goal 2-0 away from the rhythm of the moon opened from the shore. Right again, and this time, the ball entered the head of Ik San Fanie, beautifully tacking the goal at 39 minutes, Buriram, who tried to invade the door back and hoped from the moment Suphanat like Tapl. The rhythm of shooting but the ball is too light. Going into Kittiphong Phu, the first half of the rope, the visiting team leading 2-0 come back to play in the second half of the 48th minute. Buriram had a chance to win the door before the rhythm of Jonathan Bolinaki brought the ball into the penalty area before shooting with the right, but Kittiphong Phu Tua rope still brushed off the back. Go From the rhythm of the 49th minute kick, the home team almost got the goal again. No. 59 Buriram United came to the goal of 1-2 when coming to get a penalty from the check Var back and was a Goran Kezich, who killed in the 64th minute. The transmission of Diego Louis Santo to play instead of Theerasil Daeng Dura, 75, BG, Pathum United, changed two more players by sending Charoen Sak Wongkorn and Chatmongkol Thongkiri to play instead of Ikzan Fany. With Worachit Kittasri Bamphen, the 77th minute, Charoensak Wongkorn, who just entered the field, has the opportunity to win the door from the front of the penalty area, but the ball across the crossbar, the 82nd minute, Buriram, has the opportunity to win the goal again from the rhythm. The corner of Thirathorn Boonma Tan opens for Supachai Jai to tackles in the penalty area, but the ball is out of the box. After the 83th minute, BG Pathum, the rhythm of Chareon Sakkorn, dropped into the penalty area but still saved. Local goalkeeper Injury time 90+3 The home team came to have a corner kick on the left. Theerathorn Boonma Tan opened up to the penalty area. The beam entered Buriram United, following 2-2 rivalry. Finish the game. "Lightning Castle" Buriram United always opens the house with BG Pathum United 2-2 dividing the points. And is considered to be stopped at the statistics at 3 matches in the 2nd place in the table with 10 points. The players' list of both teams, Buriram United: Siwarakthon Noen (goalkeeper), Lent, Hemwibun, Thira Tranma Tan, Rattanakorn Kami, Supachai Jai, Frank Castaka, Naruebodin Wirawatnodom, Goran Kasic, Suphanat Muen Ta, T, Rin Chalaka, Jonatha Nobolin Kibi Ji Pathum United: Kittiphong Phu Tuen (goalkeeper), Worachit Kittasri Bamphen, Peace, Monday S, Sarach Yuyen, United States Pongsuwan, Theerasilp Daengda, Pithiwat Sukchit Thamkul, Ikzan vanie
Stick to the team group!Brighton opened the Leicester's nest 5-2, ranked 4th.|The English Premier League football match between "Seagull" Brighton opens the house with "Fox" Leicester City at the Di Amex Communication Stadium on Sunday night, September 4, 2022 began. The game was only the first minute. The visiting team had the opportunity to attack on the left. Harvie Barnes flowed for Petson Daga to come out of the penalty area. Open for Kelechie Ilaho Sho to shoot open with the left -eyed Leicester City Net 1. -0 minute. The home team tries to return the Lo Andro Trosar to keep the ball in the penalty area before opening to the second pole for Solly Marsh. The rival of 1-1 minutes, the 15th place, the home team returned quickly, ENCAM Poo cut the ball in the middle of the field before dragging into the penalty area and flowing out right for Moss Sesse. Two goes into Brighton, taking 2-1 minutes. The 33rd. The visiting team responds to some fun. Going to Leicester 2-2 with the first half with this score. Come back to play in the second half of the 48th minute. The home team came to get a free kick Paska Gloss. Lister ran aching with the right ball, strictly jumping into the triangle. But the committee checked the VAR and not given because of the advanced rhythm before the 64th minute. The host has returned again. Alexis Mac Allister can compete for the ball before flowing to Paska Gros to strum. Lean Drosar fell into the left, plugged in to the net into Brighton for 3-2 minutes. 70, the home team got a penalty from the rhythm of the Loidr Troosar, dragged the ball into the penalty area before Wilfred. Endei immediately made the referee blowing and Alexis Mac Allister killed, not missing. Brighton escaped 4-2 in injury. 90+7 The home team got a free kick in front of Alex. Sis Mac Allister volunteered with the right right, rushing across the wall of the pole, strictly into Bratton. Bring 5-2 away. The game Brighton opened the house to overcome Leicester City 5-2. No. 4 in the table with 13 points after 6 matches, the names of the players of both teams Brighton (3-5-2): Robert Sanchez-Yoelfeltman, Lewis Dusk , Adam website - Solly Marsh, Moss Sesse, Alexis Mac Allister, Pascar Gloss, Le Ander Troosar, Enock M Poo - Danny Welbeck Leicester (4-4-2): Danny Ward - James Justin, Wilfred Endee, Jeonny Evans, Luke Thomas -Bubbari Soo, James Maddisan, Yuri Barnes - Kelechi Ianacho, Petson Daga Referee: Tony Harrington
Ghost Hem 4 matches in a row!Manchester United opened the house, smashing Arsenal 3-1, holding the 5th Premier League.|English Premier League football 2022/23 Sunday, September 4, 2022 Manchester United 3-1 Arsenal Stadium: Old Trafford Man United Stop the Arsenal's winning statistics successfully with a 3-1 score. Anthony, 35 minutes and two goals from Marcus Rashford, 66 and 75 minutes. The visiting team got a goal from Bukoyaka. 66th minute grabbed 3 points in the house to reduce the gap from the crowd. Only 3 points are completed. Marcus Rashford started the game for 8 minutes. Manchester United have a chance to win before the rhythm of Eric Sen, but the ball has been released a little bit. One minute later, Arsenal has a chance from the rhythm of Saliba. Shooting badly across the crossbar, not winning the 13th minute, the visiting team sent the ball to the bottom of the net, from Martinelli's solo ball, but finally, Var was caught as a foul before the 19th minute. Win from the second pole, but the prominent ball fell out of the 30th minute. Martinelli got the ball in the area before shooting with the left to the first pole. But still attached to De Gea's safe. 2 minutes later, Martinel Lee has hoped to hit again but have not passed the De Gea's hand. The card was paid even if Anthony dropped out before shooting a long -distance pole into the 45th minute. Saka tried to look far away, but the ball was prominent, not winning, making the first 45 minutes. 1-0antony starts the second half of the Arsenal that occupies the ball heavily and has a continuous hope of two consecutive strokes in the 52nd minute from the Odd card that shoots the wrong square, and the rhythm of the right Saka. Only a little bit out of the pillar. The 55th minute, Saka opened from the end of the ball, curved the ball to hit the outer square, bounce off until the 60th minute. Chetsus, but Dalt was covered in the way, Saka shot openly, not missing. At 66 minutes, Man U got a goal again from the rhythm of Bruno Jan. Solled out to shoot through Rams Del's hand for 3 minutes. After that But still shooting to the block Del, which came out to close the corner in the 71th minute But the ball is curved, not a little ball, only the 75th minute. The host came to plus the 3rd goal from the rhythm of the back of the Ericsen. Before paying, even if Rashford was easy to shoot at 86 minutes, Fabio Viera Long Wall outside the box. But the prominent ball across the crossbar did not win the injury time. Smith Rova, try to ride from outside the box But once again, the ball still swayed across the beam and finished 90 minutes. Manchester United opened the house to defeat Arsenal 3-1, the names of both Manchester United: Deka, Varan, Martinez, Dalt, Maladee, McTamani, Ericsen, Bruno, Chancho, Anthony, Rashford Arsenal: Rams Del , Saliba, Gabriel, White, Xin Chaen Ko, Logongka, Chaka, Odetcard, Saka, Martinellee, Chen
The value that is worthy ???Cut the grade of players after the Manchester United game opened Arsenal 3-1.|The two players of Arsenal Arsenal Aron Rams Del - 6 No right to help the team to protect the 3 lost balls. With the rhythm of the ball, almost lost the goal But also excuses by closing the corner in time. But the rhythm of the opposite and standing in front of this day is still not as much as should be the quarter -6. But just like Saliba, today there is a problem in standing in a cut -off position, Ben White - 6 has the ball in the back of the game. But there is still a weakness at the attacking game that cannot coordinate the burden of the attacking game for Saka. Olexander Xincho -6 plays a role in Ryuu's ball. Left line But the overall picture still does not give a lot of opportunities for the team. There are many rhythms, especially the ball that lost the goal in the first half. But there are still some beautiful football rhythms, especially the rhythm of Martinele Lee, solo and shot in, but the Var is tacking Granit Chaka - 6 waiting for the ball to connect in the front. But today the role seems less There is almost no rhythm to pass the ball to make a beautiful game to see. Martin Odd card - 6 can only knock the ball in the middle of the field. Today, the Killer Pass is not very good. But still with the goal that can be paid through the penalty area before Dalots are covered into the Saka Bukoyaka - 7 outstanding in the right attacking game Use the speed, agility, attack the Tyrell Malades well, and today also shoot the rival for the team as well. But still not passing the De Gea's hand. The shooting time was captured by VAR as a foul before Gabriel Cases - 7 uses the ability to create opportunities for the team many times. But today, the person has almost never had a chance to win the door. Eddie En Keeh (instead of Xinchano, 74 minutes) - 5, playing with the ball quite a bit. Still do not have much role, Fabio Viera (instead of the 74th minute Logong) - 5 down to start the field for the first game. But still not able to do much, Emil Smith Rov (instead of the Odd card at 74 minutes) - 5, have a chance to shoot openly outside the box, but still cross the beam out to Takehiro Tomiya (Instead of the 80th minute) - N/A Manchester United David De Gea - 7 leverage Super Safe. The chances of Gabriel Martinel Lee's chances of the first half are also reliable in front of the door. The Red Devils Diego Dalt - 7 overall performs in a satisfactory game, Rafael Varan - 6 through the ball in the second half of the rhythm, which leads to the loss of the Gurisan Drophrati. Nes - 7 cool in setting the ball at the back of the Tairell Malacia - 6, encountering a difficult job when having to deal with Bukosho Saka. Fortunately, not causing the team to lose the penalty. McTamani - 8 settled in the role of the midfielder Holding. Playing the game with discipline, Christian Ericsen - 8 almost missed the shock in the middle of the field in the first half. Fortunately, it was a benefit from VAR as the beginning of the ball that led to the groove. Followed by the assist to the Rashford in the second half. Bruno Fair Nide - 7 is involved with the rhythm that leads to the lead door. Through the ball, hoping for the results continuously. Antoni - 7 put the score in the debut game as the Red Devils who have the opportunity to finish the score the most at 3 times. Marcus Rakford - 8 assists for Anto. This in the first goal before being a 2 -door score in the second half, Chedon Sancho - 5 is not very involved with the game. Changed out of the field in the second half, the Ronaldo backup (instead of Antoni 58 minutes) - 7 participated in the game continuously at the front of Fred (instead of Sancho 67 minutes) - 6 support the game. In the middle of the Casemiro field (instead of Rashford, the 80th minute) - 6 closes the game at the end of Harry McGuire (instead of Martinez 80 minutes) - 5 yellow cards almost Will immediately be sent to the field
Manchester United 3-1 Arsenal: Gleaning important issues.After the Red Devils forced to defeat the artillery|English Premier League football 2022/23 Sunday, September 4, 2022 Manchester United 3-1 Arsenal Stadium: Old Trafford, the launch of Anthony, Scott Mctominay, Marcus Rashford, the first game and immediately scored the first goal. It's Dream Debut for all players And the stars kick the 100 million euros Received it in the game that he played quite dangerous, there may be a rhythm that has not yet matched with new teammates. But his personal play skills must say that another dangerous person has arrived at the Premier League and his first 57 minutes in his first game. The decision with "concentration" and "details" This game, Arsenal can create opportunities. More than Manchester United, but in detail And the rhythm of the Manchester United to do each time can be informed If looking in terms of striking Arsenal is the answer, but the heavyness today belongs to Manchester United. There is a rhythm. They do not miss at all. Comes from the deformation of just a few seconds of the support of them, both the first door that is extracted from Gabriel. And the support line to pierce through the middle Until the third door and just changing down at the same time And became broken It is a game that is decided with the details that "a little small and a little. And the great Manchester United that seized it all. The missing of the Arsenal midfielder in the big game Albert Sambi Lokonga, Bruno Fernandes. Thomas Panti is the name of the important midfielder of Arsenal. That is missing in this game And it is one of the key to driving the middle of the midfielder team as a gamers in the back of the team. And is a person who slows down the speed of competitors at the same time His absence, Arsenal still can't find a replacement. Although it is better than the first game But it is not a substitute option. Var Var's VAR judge at the moment that the Christian Irick Seen, who was hit by the Martin, fell down before losing the ball. And became the beginning of Martanelli's goal Became criticized whether it was strong enough or not When the judges choose not to blow the first foul first But come back to see the screen again at the check and change the decision Became the 4th game in the only week that VAR decided to be unclear to all parties
Roma form out !!!Brokes by Udense, bombarded 4-0|Roma missed the opportunity to lead the crowd after attacking by Udense, causing Roman to lose as the first match in this season, ranked 5th, Serie A Italian Serie A, the Serie Kazi Football match. The Italian season, the 2022-23 season, between Udense opened the Datia Arena. The wolf is red, Roma, who is not yet lost in this season. Want three, but to go up as a group of this game in the 3-4-2-1 system. Privainers, DABA to support the left and right lines. Spinaz Solar, Car Sprop while Matich, Christmas Control the middle side of the Udinse in the 3-5-2 system, with Devalovy, Zacs. Standing in front With two wingbacks like Udoki, Perera Make a game on the left and right. In the middle, put three people, namely Arzaz, Valley, Samarzit, the first for only 5 minutes. Udense got a 1-0 goal from the shooting of Destini Udoki before finishing the first half with this score. The 56th minute, Udinse escaped to 2-0 Lauzar Samarzich, pierced from outside the box. The ball rushed beautifully. After that, the 75th minute, Udinse was 3-0 away from the shot with the left of Robertoparera. That's not enough. The 82nd minute, Udense got a 4-0 goal from Sandelifric, the rest of the time, both teams do not do anything. Roma attacking the game to lose to Udense 0-4, causing Rom to lose as the first match in the league this season, with 10 points as before. Fell to the 5th place, while Udinse has increased to 10 points to the 4th place in the table with a better goal than other results. Always Bologna 2-2 Verona wins Sampdoria 2-1.
Can't continue to continue!Postpone the Thai League Tero Games, Duel Port, heavy rain|Postpone the 4th Thai Revo game of the season. Between Polytro FC, the FC Port Authority due to heavy rain. Unable to compete with the Thai League Football League 2022/23 Sunday, September 4, 2022 at Boonyachinda Stadium. Between Polytro FC, the first half of the FC Port Authority arrived at the 30th minute. Get From the goal of Wu Keun Young, Polis Tero brought the Port Authority 1-0, but the 37th minute "Silver Lo" must have 10 players. 39 The referee must blow the game when the rain falls heavily. Even waiting for more than half an hour But unable to return to compete Because the field condition is not ready New competition schedule Will be known later Which will return to compete From the 39th minute onwards
Yala through the 8 Southern Championship teamSouthern Football Championship|Southern Football Championship In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project, "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium. On September 3, Line B. has 1 pair of competitions, Yala beat Chumphon 3-0 from Scoring the goal of Fruly Dot. 21, Hakimo Yuo, 69 and Somchai Longmai, 90, collecting 6 points from 2 games to play in the final 8 teams as the first team for the day competition program. This 4 September at Siriwannawari Stadium, starting at 14.00 hrs. Phatthalung B. met Surat Thani, at 16.00 hrs. Nakhon Si Thammarat met Narathiwat. At Rom Mueang Municipality Stadium, starting 13.30 hrs. Am
Nara, Phuket form is still hot.Southern Championship|Southern Football Championship In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project, "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at Siriwannawari on 4 September, the S. Surat Thani won Phatthalung B 2-0 from the goal of that. Thapong Kaewprakot, 57,73, collected 3 points successfully. The other pair of Narathiwat attacked Nakhon Si Thammarat 4-0 from Irefan, Old Endure. 25, Muhammad Tonhee, Mata, 32, Ilhami. Brahong, 58 and Muhammad Ferdevador, 79, resulting in 2 wins at Nara, while the first Rom Mueang Dee Municipality Course, Phuket, won 2-1 from Chanchai Yoo Soo. .15,น90+5 ส่วนสตูล ได้จาก ธนธรณ์ ยีละงู น.66 คู่ที่2 ปัตตานี ชนะ กระบี่ 1-0 จาก อัสฟานตร์ มะสะ น.90+1สำหรับโปรแกรมการแข่งขันวันที่ 5 ก.ย This is at the Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium, starting at 16.00 hrs. Chumphon line found Trang 2 at 18.00 hrs.
"Phaya Hong" dictatorship, the girl, Laos PDR, won the big degrey FC. "|Phaya Hong Ayothaya Fight The first female Kwa One in the history of Thailand is stronger, the Thai boxing again. The style is fierce and exciting. Win TKO Luk Mi, PK, Vientiane, a female pharmacy from Laos. Mixed fighting (MMA) Legend FC "The real Korat people do not leave each other." At the Thao Suranaree Monument (Yamo), Nakhon Ratchasima, "Suwat Liptapanlop" President of the Competition Advisor Point out the trend of response throughout Raise the finger to watch the Korat people. True, do not leave. Even if it rains throughout the competition in the "View" Yaowapa, this year's promoter is definitely organized again. Aiming to raise the team in Phuket Legend Arena, the Proud Blue Port Hua Hin Group, together with Nakhon Ratchasima Municipality And the center of Korat people actually do not leave each other Organize Thai boxing competitions And martial arts (MMA), Legend FC, "Korat people do not leave each other" with the honor of the Lip Lip Tallop, former Deputy Prime Minister. As the president of the competition consultant Presided over the opening ceremony On the evening of 3 Sep 2022 at the temporary boxing stage In the area of ​​Thao Suranaree Monument (Yamo), Muang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, was also honored by Mr. Prasert Boonchai Suk, Mayor of Nakhon Ratchasima, Dr. Wannarat Charnnukul, director of the Korachon Center. , Mr. Thewan Liptapanlop, former Minister of the Prime Minister's Office, Mr. Watcharapol Toamornsak, a member of the House of Representatives, Nakhon Ratchasima Including the Hero Olympics, the grandchildren of Yamo, led by Somchit Jongjoh, former Olympic Games Golden Men 2008, Udomsaphon Sak, the former Olympic Golden Medal "Athens 2004" and Suriya Prasat Hin Phimai. The owner of the 2004 Olympic Games Amateur Boxing Coin attended the event and "View" Yaowapa Burapolchai, a former Olympic Gold Corneading Olympic Games 2004 as a promoter. In the midst of a bustling atmosphere Together with the Korat people who come to watch and encourage athletes Even though it rains throughout the competition, the highlight of the competition is in Muay Thai, 47 kg. Female is a meeting between Phaya Swan Ayodhya Fighting Gym or Chanthakarn Mano, the first female Women's Champion of Thailand. Which is the cousin of Lisa Saranaban or "Lisa" Blackpink, a famous Thai artist Go on stage with Luk Mi, PK, Vientiane, a famous boxer. And former national Taekwondo athletes from Laos PDR. Fierce games since the beginning In which both sides continued to release the weapons, but this is "Phaya Swan" that looks fierce and can find the rhythm to be more reported. Continuously put "baby bear" until the symptoms Until the committee on the stage had to order the end of the fight in the second round and raised his hand to "Phaya Hong" as the beautiful beat TKO. . Grow up in Korat sports school. Owner of the 31st Muay Thai Muay Thai Games in Vietnam in May. Go on stage to duel with Mohammad Karimicrak, a fighter from Iran. The result appears that "Den Phanom", which throughout the punch is heavily and precisely. Before releasing the right -handed punch in the middle of the battle 2, defeating Knock, a boxer from Iran successfully, and the MMA model 47.8 kg. International boxing degree Kikboxing and Taekwondo, the national team from Laos PDR. This match, both of them fought for fun until the end of the 3 lifetime before being a Phatcharaida that all 3 lifted. Beat the conclusions in conclusions. The remaining 6 matchs are as follows: Muay Thai, 55 kg, female Fasay Fali from Iran, won the smiling score of Siam. Chaiwat Chaiwat Chana Knock, 2 Hahad Solaimani from Iran and 65 kg. Chai Fa Likit The Legend Arena won Ali Asca Family, Muay Thai Gym. From Iran MMA, 61.2 kg, William Gergie from France won the Sub -Distration of the Thai Athletes in the 2.40 minutes of round 2, model 61.2 kg. Ki from France, 1 minute, 1.40 lifting 1 and model 65.8 kg. Won the Sub -Distation Thanawat Raschinrit in the 1.57 minute, lifted 1 after the competition. As the president of the competition, the competition revealed that this program is another successful match. In addition to the rating of the competition will increase from the past field. In this competition Can see how heavy the rain Korat people really love, do not leave each other, do not escape anywhere for him, please encourage the organizer. And would like to see the expansion of the competition to the tourist province Which aside from being an extension of boxing in our country And developed Thai boxer athletes It also stimulates the economy and tourism sectors in each province to travel with "View" Yaowapa Burapolchai as the promoter that This stadium, we use the link to Nakhon Ratchasima by bringing the athletes of the 9 grandchildren to compete with foreign athletes, causing the Korat fans to come and cheer for their own children from the beginning. End Even if the rain falls all the time Personally, I was very pleased and impressed that this competition received a good response. By the end of this year Prepared with the competition in Phuket as the next field
29th anniversary!S.K. Surrounding the army of athletes to fight the Asian Games and Asian Para Games 2022|29th anniversary of the Sports Association of Thailand Announcing the preparation for the army of athletes to fight the Asian Games and Asian Para Games. 2022 Mr. Wichiansang therefore, President of the Sports Association of Thailand, Executive Committee and Senior Executive Vice President, CP All Plc. "Surrounding or Ko was born in China 3,000 years ago and was a one -time art. In the 4 -branch of Chinese art that has been inherited since ancient times, including music, poetry, drawing and surrounding, playing among the intellectuals. In Thailand, the Kor Slice Club of Thailand was founded on 25 August 1993 and in 2001, the Makklom Club of Thailand. Has registered as a sports association And changed the status to the Sports Association of Thailand in 2003 until now, for a total of 29 years when the sports are widely known and known. Currently, more than 2 million sports players at the 29th anniversary of the "One Gogo" this year was honored by Mr. Kornsak Chaisasisak. Chairman of the Executive Committee, CP All PLC, the founder of the Sports Association of Thailand Tells the history of the sport in Thailand At the same time, the association has announced the preparation for the Thai national team athletes to fight the Asian Games 2022 and the 2022 Asian Para Games, the greatest and most important sports festival of Asia in Hangzhou. China at the end of next year. "On the 29th anniversary of this year, the association organized an event to remember the day that the sports were surrounded into Thailand and was the day that the Thai people organized activities to create Shared relationship As well as holding a shirt ceremony to show gratitude to those who have contributed to the Thai industry. Today, the association has planned to promote and push for Thai athletes to be prepared to participate in the sports competition in Hangzhou, China at the end of next year. There are Thai athletes participating in the 2022 Asian Games in 3 types, namely male and female teams, including 10 women and preparing to send athletes with disabilities to participate in the Asian Para Games 2022 in 3 categories: Men's category, female and male team, which is the first time in the history of the association and Thailand as well. In the event, there was a competition between the Thai national team, the Thai national team and the seniors to strengthen the relationship and practice the systematic thinking skills through the competition between the Thai people. " President of the Sports Association, Mr. Wichian then Wiroj concluded
Social off!"MBBPAP" Sweet Sweet "Seasonal Girl" Playboy (Picture)|Became the news of the eyes immediately when there was news that Kylian Mbappe, the Paris Saint-Germain national shooting star Famous club in the Ligue stage Being dating Enesra Woo, the first transgender model to cover the Playboy magazine by Corriere Dello Sports, the Italian media revealed that 23 -year -old star is in a relationship with transgender women. And people saw that both of them were swinging together to join the Cannes Film Festival In May Before, the latest images of both of them were sweet in the yacht out. Which made the media believe that both of them have started to see each other for more than 3 months. Get into a sexual surgery at the age of 16 years. After that, she lived a woman. And did not reveal her identity until she was 24 years old. In 2014, she became a famous news after becoming the first transgender model that was on the cover of Boy before in 2017, she returned to cover the famous magazine again. However, she was heavily criticized after the boys. Do not agree with this, which the Cooper Hefrs, the son of Hugh Hefner, the founder of the Playboy Used to talk about the said matter that "We should jointly fight for the world that is more open. Not a world that promotes hate And lack of acceptance. "But in the end, she was able to prove herself. And stepped up as a model with many works Including walking against racism And campaigning about the rights of transgender people more In which she has a motto that "The true beauty shine from the soul" while Kylian Mbappe is showing excellent form this season, already 7 goals from the 5 games, helping PSG to be The leader of the league is now. As for love, the person who had been dating Alicia Eye, the French French model, 2017 before breaking up last year
What tactics!"Owen" Pink "Klopp" is making "Salah" different.|Michael Owen Guru and former Liverpool players Located the criticism of Mohamed Salah's playing form, which was almost involved with the match with Everton 0-0 in the Premier League. On Saturday, according to the report from Liverpool ECO, "Reds" visited The Toffee in the Merseyside Derby. Is the first pair of this week, and they can only be 0-0 draw by "Baby Gold", analyzed the tactics of Yergen Klopp that the Egyptian national team disappeared from the offensive game. Of the visiting team, almost the whole game. "He was almost unconscious. We have seen before the game that he was stretched out to play how wide in this season. Is this a new striker like that? He disappeared in 3 consecutive games. "" But I still think he will definitely disappear. He is still arrested to play wide. I wonder if this tactics will be used during the rest of the season as well. But of course, in the game with Everton, it's like that, "said Owen.
Open 5 darts!"Ten Hak" cut off the Manchester United team after adding new players.|The famous British media has reported that Manchester United manager Eric Ten Hakkun has performed a decisiveness by cutting the names of 5 players from the big team to open the way for the new players to Reinforce the army to fight the Premier League. In the summer, the Red Devils team spent more than 200 million pounds to pull the Tai Relle Malacia, Christian Ericsen, Lisan Drophratinet, Case. Miro, Martin Du Brove and Tony entered the team in the summer market. Previously, 5 players who had been in the team that had been in the big team, which were updated from Ten Hak's team, Phil Jones, Brandon Williams, Ak Sel Tuan Sebe, Chola Shortier and Tegen Mendy, all of which are not in the team's team's team, Dutch this season, Jones. That was continuously injured since the 2019-2020 season and played for only 13 matches in the last 3 years, which was expected to be a representative of Rio Ferdinand after From Blackburn Rovers in 2011, while Williams was borrowed by Norwich City to use last season. Which was watched to step up to the big team this year But in the end, it was not in Ten Hak's team as well.
"Tammy" informed the 100 Plus.|"Tammy", Tamarine Thanasukan, former female tennis player, ranked 19th in the world, Thai beloved as the director of the mixed team tennis competition between the general youth model and the elderly in The program "100 Plus Thai Tennis League 2022" as Thai Drink Co., Ltd., a manufacturer "Alternative Alternative Beverage for Health 100 Plus" has supported the tennis competition in the mixed team of youth models, general and elderly generations. The latest field entered the final competition. Which is the finals in the program "100 Plus Thai Tennis League Championship 2022", organized at the Cvine Tennis Court Center between 3-4 September 2022. The interest from all tennis players is very old. Thanks to Thai Drink Company Limited, the manufacturer "Alternative Alternative Beverage for Health 100 Plus" for seeing the importance of tennis development. With continuous support or all 3 stadiums held At the same time, congratulations to the athletes who won and next year will definitely be held in the final program. "100 Plus Thai Tennis League Championship 2022" has a reward ceremony on 4 September. . 2022, with the honor of Mr. Pasawora Pi Trang Si, a relationship manager External Coordination Office, Thai Beverage Company Limited, a representative of the 100 health beverages for health. And the runner up There is also Mr. Thawee Chulakananukul. The owner of the CV Tennis Court Center attended other awards with the finals. Which has selected the 4 best teams from the competition "100 Plus Thai Tennis League 2022, the 1st and 2nd time to compete for the 4 teams, consisting of the Rodfai A team, the B" train Rodfai B), Siangpure Tennis Club and Bali Height. The competition uses all the systems and the best team will win the championship immediately. The competition is divided into 9 categories, consisting of single men, single women, single women, general men, women in general, a 90 -year -old man (aged 40+), a total man aged 110 years (aged 50+), pair of men. Age 130 years (aged 60+), a 95 -year -old woman (age 35+) and a 105 -year -old mixed partner (age 55+women 45). "Akkasit Thep Kasikul, a former tennis and Thai national team coach, together with 2 young people, Dung Rocha Thamcharoen Sathit and Viira, etc., together to fight after losing to the Xiang Pure Team 4-5 pairs. The competition in the other 2 matches to overcome the 5-4 pairs of Ae 5-4 and won Bali 7-2 pairs, resulting in the overall performance of 2 losses, 1 with 5 points to win the championship while the secondary champion belongs to the A team from 3 competitions won 2 matches, losing 1 match by winning Xiang Pure Tennis Club 6-3 pairs and won Bali 8-1 pairs, but losing to B4-5 pairs of train. Yong Pure Tennis Club
Famous media unfold!The root girl made "Foden" quarreling the fans in Greece after catching the adultery (picture).|Philphodo, the talented football of "Blue Sailing" Manchester City, a famous team in the English Premier League, became rumored again after having a problem with the young wife of Rebecca on a vacation trip in Greece. In June In the past, at that time it became famous throughout the British Isles. After having a clip, while the girlfriend of the person opened, watching the mobile phone of the football as shouted at the boyfriend that "Do you think I'm very stupid?" The people who played in the beach have to stop watching with that event. 22 years, secretly sent a message to a woman Before he was caught by his girlfriend after checking the mobile phone while traveling to the sea together at the same time, the famous media also revealed that The said girl is Holly Burn Air Hostest. Who had previously joined the reality on the date of ITV 2 The Cabins. But was caught by his girlfriend before. However, this kind of event was not just happened to Philphot after before, while the England had to serve the England team in the Nation Football match. The league in the year 2020, the person had secretly made an appointment for two young women to the hotel to play sex with Mason Green Wood, which made Gareth Southgate, the big coach of the lion. Decided to punish by sending both of them back to his hometown
The turning point!"Keane" lifted one important game to help "Ten Hak" awakens Manchester United.|Roy Keane Guru, the brave mouth of Sky Sport, a former Manchester United player to admire Eric Ten Hak's work that brought the former agency. Returning to win in the Premier League, according to the report from Manchester Ephoning News, the Dutch manager. "Red Devils" beat Liverpool in the red game after the previous season they were attacked at 0-5 and also collected 3 points from Southampton, Leicester City and Arsenal. Redville came out to talk about this, "The victory over Liverpool did them back. He has a certain team. Start with the original 11 original set in the last 3 games. " But effective I really like the condition of the team right now. United now looks stronger. They have momentum and are confident in the team, "Keen said for Manchester United to do a great job, win 4 consecutive games in the league, collecting 12 points. Of the table with only 3 Arsenal points after Arsenal
surprise!"Nong Ja", a Thai girl gym falling South Korea, Golden Aerobic, Asian Championship|"Nong Ja" Chawisa Inthakul announced the South Korean world championship. Won the gymnastics aerobic gymnastics Great The president of the SEA Games association for more than 4 Thai athletes, especially the aerobic gym, at least 3 gold medals for sure. The 7th Asian Championship was held at the gymnasium. Eastern Sports Center, Pattaya, Chon Buri Province The last day of the competition It is a final competition, which has Thai athletes in all types of finalists, with "Miss Tammy" Yachi Kita that the President of the Japanese Aerobic Gymnastics. Strict competition control The type of female single (Danz) has 4 finalists. The results show that "Nong Ja", Ms. Chiwisa Inthakul, the owner of the SEA Games gold medal in Vietnam, has to fight with Kim Yeon Ji, the world champion, South Korean and Transport. The Asian Champion from Vietnam, the results showed that Thai girls were able to successfully win the gold medal. 19.250 points, better than the score of the SEA Games / Trani Medal (Vietnam) 18.950 points / bronze medal, Kim Yeon Ji. South Korean World Champion 18.750, single male citizen, Danz, Gold Medal, Kim Hanjin (South Korean World Champion) 21.000 points, Phanthi Jia Ngeon Medal (Vietnam) 20.350 points, Copper College of Chon Kong Jai 19.400, youth category Single woman (age 12-14 years), gold medal by South (South Korea) 18.750 points, Silver Medal, Ritida Rak Rakamit 17.250 points, Antoi Panthak Kambum Copper Medal (India) 16.700 category Vietnamese gold coin group 19.783 points, South Korean silver coins 19.591 points and Thai bronze coins 17.613, causing the Thai team to add 1 bronze medal. Jia (Vietnam) 19.300 points, Silver Medal Jongsang Chan (South Korea) 18.850 points. Bat Batbut But But Batsabat (Mongolia) 18.450 points. Thai Create a satisfactory work, 1 gold medal, 3 silver and 3 bronze medals, while South Korea dominates the Aerobic Asian gold medal. As expected as Mr. Sarayuth Phatthanasak, President of the Gymnastics Association of Thailand, revealed that congratulations to the South Korean national team. Which brings the world championship degree to compete and win the gold medal, as well as Vietnam, with both the world champion and the Asian champion, while the Thai national team has 1 gold medal, 3 silver and 3 bronze coins, because we meet world -class athletes As for the next year, another 8 months have a big program. SEA Games in Cambodia, we don't have much time to prepare the team. But must be fully at least get the Spanish coach (Daniel) to control the intensity. In addition, gymnastics athletes Practicing hard Believe that from the consequence of this Asian Aerobic competition, it will build confidence for Thai gymnastics athletes. Can definitely grab more than 4 gold medals
That much!"Scholes" launching an important person in the new Manchester United.|Paul Scholes, the legend of Manchester United, the English Premier League, decided to be an important key in the Red Devils team at this time. Not very serious in order to be able to return to the field for the team within the past. The former Manchester United midfielder shows the confidence that Lisan Dor Martinez has raised the level of the main defender of the team at the level of Can not be broken after moving from Ajax under the value of 55 million pounds when Football market The past summer paired with Rafael Van, like the Argentina national star player, performed a great job in the game that Redville opened the Old Trafford nest. Beat Arsenal 3-1 on Sunday night. But had to be changed from the field in the last 10 minutes due to the injury problem instead by Harry McGuire. "The important thing for Manchester United is thirst. They are a team that is full of good players, but more importantly, standing. Stop the opposite side Playing a strong defensive game. "Scholes shows the views." Having a strong backback helping the team clearly, Martanez has been changed from the field, making us a little worried about the game in the future. " United has a queue to open the Old Trafford to welcome Real Sociad's visit on Thursday night for the UEFA Europa League program. Liz in the league game on Sunday
Daikin together with the Football Association organized the Daikin Kids Football Fest project.|Daikin Industry (Thailand) Co., Ltd. is continuously focusing on the country's sports promotion. Both in the form of supporting the Football Association To develop the potential of Thai footballers to be ready for competition at all levels As well as developing the foundation of football industry to be sustainable By collaborating with the Football Association of Thailand In the royal patronage, organized the Daikin Kids Football Fest project to provide opportunities for Thai youth nationwide. Participated in practicing football skills and special football experience Including inspiration to become a national professional footballer Led by the head of the Thai national football coach "Mano Changing", a coach from the Football Association Along with the national footballer Theerathep Winothai, Sumanya Puri Sai and Chalermpong Kerdkaew, open for 200 Thai youth aged 8-12 years via online channels. https://forms.Gle/DyyilglwaQH7WBCU8 The activity is held on Sunday 18 September 2022 at Rajamangala Stadium, 08:00 - 16:00 hrs. Follow more details on Facebook: FA Thailand, Changsuek, Daikin Thailand.
Phatthalung, Sharp, Hi, 2 matches, Chumphon finalists 8, the Southern Championship team.|Southern Football Championship In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project, "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium on September 5, Chumphon, Trang 2-1 from the goal from Natthakit. Kaew Phong Phong, 34, Phongsakprapa 86, while Trang got from Phuket, Fueng Corp in the Nor. 23, causing Chumphon to play around the 8 teams, while Trang fell the first round. -3 from scoring goals from Panuwat Nuanpian, 24, Phanit Rak Bunn, 45 and Alongkorn Pratumwong of Ranong, made his own goal in the 86th minute sent Phatthalung to the 8th round, while Ranong must Win the last match For the competition program on September 6, at Siriwannawari Sai C. Starting 14.00 Surat Thani, meet Narathiwat, Pattani Line, meet Phuket at 16.00 at the Central Stadium, Phatthalung Province, 3 pairs, starting at 14.00 hrs. S. Nakhon Si Thammarat met Phatthalung Bee, good line at 16.00 hrs., Found Krabi and A -Line at 18.00 hrs. Songkhla found Ranong.
This work ordered!The famous media revealed "Damn Lam", moving to play in his hometown because of this girl (picture)|Regarded as a superstar player that football fans keep an eye on the whole story And off the field for the famous goalkeeper of the Vietnamese national team Which has just been announced to separate the way with Cerezo Osaka in the Japanese J.League, after the 28 -year -old Mr. "Osaka Fox" has ever left Muang Thong United to join the team in early 2021, which was given the opportunity to watch only 2 games in the cup football game. Made the decision to move back to the hometown of Binh Din with the last 2 years of contract. Vietnamnet, the famous media Revealed that the reason why the options to move back to their hometown is for the opportunity to play regularly And is good for the national team In addition, another reason why the options moved home is because it will be close to Sonya, a sexy puppet girlfriend, which, although both of them have never confirmed the relationship in this matter. And never posted pictures in the online world But often have images in the same place Whether traveling to rest Or dining in the same restaurant for Sonya or Buyathi, Xuan Xuan Trainer, Fitness, is a hot girl of the boys with a greasy body. Full curves As a result of regular exercise In addition, she also likes to show off the exemplates via Instagram. Causing Vietnam's media to give her the country's number 1 footballer
17 years apart, no problem!The media unfolding "Jordan's son" Relationship "Phen Pen" (picture)|Delhi Mail, the famous British media Big news report from the United States when Marcus Jordan's son of Michael Jordan, the legendary NBA basketball player Planting love trees with Larza Penge, former wife of Scott Pope, who is a former fellow team of Chicago Bulls of Jordan's father. This After capturing that Marcus Jordan dated Larsa at a Japanese restaurant in Miami Until there is a lot of criticism in America online Because if going back to the time when Larza and Scott Hit started knowing the new Marcus's themselves, Michael Jordan and Marcus Jordan reported that Larza, 48, separated from Scotch has been hit since 2015 due to the attitude of life. Before reconciled in 2017, but had to break up again in the following year This time, it was a divorce by Larz's side, even though they had 4 children together. Marcus, currently 31 years old, is the second child of Michael Jordan, followed by his father's footsteps by playing basketball only during the university. only Currently, the influencer career and sells high -end shoes with the name of the shop Trophy Room Larz Pepne and Scottish Penni in 2012 for Michael Jordan and S. Got Pepne is considered the best basketball player in the position of the Chuting Card and Small Foreword, the most successful and regarded in the world. After being the main force leading the team of Chicago Bulls to win the NBA 6-time championship in 1991-1993 and 1994-1996.
The cause of defeat!"Marson" pointed out "Artota". The wrong decision to break Arsenal.|Paul Marson Guru, the famous British football industry Believe that changing the players of Miguel Arteta causes Arsenal to encounter defeat to Manchester United in the latest Premier League game according to reports from the Sky Poster in the game. As mentioned after The Gunner Followed by the home team 1-2, the Spanish manager. Managed to change 3 players like Emil Stithrow, Eddie Enkih and Fabio Viro to play instead of Martin Odetcard, Olexander Sinacho. And Albert Samb Lo Kongga in the 71st minute, but it turned out to be 3-1 away from Marcus Rashford's second goal, causing the Red Devils team to collect 3 points. With such score Spoke of Arta's game resolving in this match, he sees the Arsenal manager The wrong decision to change the 3 players into the field as soon as the team still has a chance to rival. "I think that changing 3 people in that way is a decision that is too fast. 20 minutes and still have the opportunity to chase the rivalry from the score that was taken 2-1. I think it was too much change and they lost because of that reason. "" Manchester United looks stronger when changing Fred. Get off the field and they like to let you keep the ball continuously, so you must have a good player that those on the Arsenal field are playing well, but they have to lose the game because of this. "Former striker Gunner said
"Phan Phayak" revealed the secret to overhaul the fighting style "Top Boxing 3 B.E."|Playing with the boxing fans stunned all over the page for "Yot Boxing 3 B.E." Phan Phayak Chit Muangnon That shows the form of boiling, winning "Savas Michael" until there is no stain "Boxing Gear R" that has been criticized Send him to float to the finals of One Muay Thai, World Grand Prix, Flyweight Model, Phan Phayak. The orange dropped it when it was scrolled up to be the real one of the Muay Thai World Grind Prix. Fight Night 1 on Saturday 27 August ago, Phan Phayak came out in an interview that after the opportunity to become a boxing teacher at "Evol MA", the famous Lion Camp according to the seniors. Many people He has the opportunity to develop himself in terms of practice and modification of the fight for this battle, especially by the age of boxing, "Oh, the five -star grilled chicken". Top Come to convey the secret to the subject without a vest Which is an important factor that makes him inspired to change himself and remove insults from some boxing fans that are not impressed with the old style of punch every time in the arena. " Evolt made me intend to change myself. And build confidence for the students who come to study with us too I have to make him see as an example of what the style of the tiger is and trust us as a boxing teacher. "" Also The environment here is very important. If we are with lazy people There will be no one to practice, but here we are surrounded by people who intend to practice, diligence, practice, it is a stimulant, so we can't stay still, which I got the brothers and sisters. More than 20 years of boxing in Thailand I have been criticized for being a 'fleeing boxing' as well as being familiar with me and was not interested in changing anything. But when he got the opportunity to come to Evolt, it was motivated. There is support from everyone for me to dare to change myself. And when I can do it It is a wonderful thing. "However, the tiger as the one of the line will meet "Super Lek Kiat Moo 9" at the B. B. In the finals And there will be only one to get the first Muay Thai World Grand Prix championship belt. The fans can follow the news and programs of the next competition of "Phan Phayak Chit Muangnon" on Facebook. One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc.com
It hurts but doesn't end!"2 Swan Shin" prepare to consider the future after the European Cup team|Nabi Keita and Alex Oxlade-Liverpool players of Liverpool are really preparing to consider their future after being cut off the name of the UEFA Champions League team. Group stages last Sunday, according to the report from Liverpool ECO, this news comes from Fabrisio Romano, who believes that both midfielder will review the future of football in Anfield. Itself, while their promise is only one year Which will expire on July 1, 2024, both of which have not been proposed to a new contract in any way. Italian journalists revealed on the website. caughtoffse Regarding the situation of the two midfielder, "I believe that in both faces, both of them will consider their future." "Gita There is a chance in the summer, but Liverpool want to keep him with the team because Klopp believes that he is an important player in the team's rooting. "However, even though both Gita and Chamberlain are not named In the UEFA Champions League group stages, but it is believed that it will only temporarily cut the name to wait for them to recover from injury only.
This is clear!"Ronaldo" posted a status with Manchester United from now (picture)|Cristiano Ronaldo, a superstar shooting star of "Red Devils" Manchester United, a giant club in the English Premier League, moving online again. And this should be a matter that makes "Red Devils followers" smile all together, after the game "Red Devils" opened the house to defeat Arsenal 3-1 on Sunday night. Referred to the message on Instagram that "We do very well! And must thank all of the supporters for supporting us Go ahead with the Red Devils. "In addition, the 37 -year -old star played again by posting a picture of the team's fans. With the feeling that "It always feels good to be with you." This event is considered to be the announcement to continue playing for the team until the end of the contract. There are continuous rumors about the future of the Old Trafford that they want to move out of Team for the opportunity to play in the UEFA Champions League But in the end there is no deal Occurred until the trading market in the British Isles closed down for Cristiano Ronaldo, the Portuguese national striker. There is still another 1 year contract with the club (contract until 30 June 2023), with the situation of the team in the team now, although it was a backup in the past, but the Eric Ten Hakkun, the Dutch manager. Still confirmed that the person was still in the team plan as before
What do you hate?"Akbon Lahor" revealed that the reason Liverpool lost the right to win the league championship this season.|Gabriel Akbon Lahor, former Aston Villa, believed that Liverpool would not be able to push the Premier League champion with Manchester City this season. And can only compete for the top four for the UEFA Champions League quota only. Yergen Klopp's team has just done with Everton in the Mersey Side Dar. Bee at Gudison Park on Saturday. Despite the Reds army being able to create an opportunity to finish the score of a blue toffee As a result of the game, they ranked the 7th place in the table after Arsenal in the position of 6 points. Gabby showed the views with Talk Sports. Arsenal and Spurs will cause Liverpool to Meet the stone work in the path to win the league this season. "100 percent" Akbon Lahor answered when asked if Klopp's team will have the right to miss the top four or not? "This is not. Fighting for the championship for me, Liverpool cannot win the league this season. "" They fought for the Top Four position because Arsenal upgraded to the same level as the Spurs. How to win Both have the attitude of the winner, while Chelsea will become a better team. "" Now, Mohamed Salah doesn't seem to score as usual. It doesn't look like he. He had to play out on the edge of the line to find the area. The player in the middle of the center is not played. Everton "" at the Andrew Robertson Form Form, Trent Alexander-Arnold Has been changed since the 60th minute. There is something wrong at Liverpool's defensive line. They scored too much. "
It's time to shine!"Tar Knock" half-American-ThaiReport the game of the major league baseball|Fred Detar Knockpitcher, half American-Thai Reporting birth after playing in Major League The first officially baseball game is good. Launched by throwing a strateg from the first time in the MLB game where Broft met with New York Mets on August 18, with the game, Broves losing 7-9 runs. But it made Freddee, who is currently 23 years old, half-American-Thai, is the child of Jeff Tar Knock, an American father, and Khun Nueng, a Thai mother, has been arrested and has more names in the media. Be good Began to play baseball at a secondary level with Rivervi High school in Florida and was beer, the 4 -time World Series championship, looked at and Draft into the team in 2017, which he waved the university entrance. UNETER City of Tempha to receive this opportunity from The first Broft was sent to play in the Minor League between 2018-2021 and was called back to the big team as 1 in the list of 40 players of Atlanta Broves before the stadium. In the middle of August, previously there were half-American-Thai baseball players, Jonny Damon, who used to make a name with the New York Kikes team and won the World Series and Yan Mikey and Boston Reds.
Who can't say that the boxer is rich!"Nong Oh" proven for 7 years. The right place is a millionaire.|"Nong Oh, a five -star grilled chicken" announced the duties of the boxing teacher at the Gymnasium, Evol, Singapore, after buried the gold digging in the land for 7 years and carrying money back to Thailand, creating a new millionaire kingdom. Referred to continue to maintain the One Throne as "King killed without death." After the 6th success of the position in the One Fight Night 1 battle on Aug. 27, Nong O then revealed. Through personal Facebook, Nong-O Gaiyanghadao and personal Instagram Nongogaiyanghadao It is a picture of the delivery party, the agency of the Gymnasium, Singapore, which "Nong Oh" is working with posting in English, which can be translated into Thai as "Thank you 'Chatri Sitthong' for the 7 -year period in the gym. The best 'Evol MMA' here provides many experiences. And new life with me Thank you for making me a good life today. Thanks to all the staff at the Evol Volt. You are my good friend. Hello all students Take care of your health with a lot of practice. Do not be lazy to punch hard, kick hard (smile) "" Thank you. Every Thai boxing teacher who has always taken care of each other Good luck to everyone I'm happy and thank you to Boss (Chatree) for holding a party. Thank you to everyone who came to the party. And came to bless me #Thank you for the best life experience I still have boxing for one. I haven't quit. I just asked to say goodbye to the boss to come back to take care of the family first. "Oh Is one of the legendary Thai boxing world champions that must face a problem in the country and lack of income from the fight until almost decided to hang. One day, Nong Oh, there was almost no money left in the pocket. He was given the opportunity from "Chatree Sitthon Thong", the founder of "Evol MMA" to be a boxing teacher here. This famous gym was not only established as a martial art school. But also the objective of providing opportunities for world -class fighting athletes from a variety of sports Including the Muay Thai world champion, kickboxing, BJJ, etc. working in a field of love and good With compensation, which is considered "the highest" among the gym teaches fighting around the world In which the trainer will receive wages Along with personal tuition fees Average per person around 150,000 - 400,000 baht per month. Moreover, Teachers also have the opportunity to develop their potential to a better version. And able to decide to return to the fighting arena There are world -class fighting organizations. It is not surprising that for the past 7 years, Oh, both the opportunity to work that you love. At the same time, he developed himself as an important world -class athlete. He was able to create a stable status. Helping everyone in the family to live comfortably. After farewell to the boxing teacher, Nong Oh, there is a plan to carry the money from the water to continue the cow farm business that he started to build a base in Udon Thani. Wife's birthplace In order to keep as a inheritance for the two sons. At the same time, Nong Om still insists to protect the position. "The King killed not to die" for a long time as long as possible. Fans can follow the news and the next competition program of "Oo Grilled Grilled Five Star" on Facebook One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc.com.
More than fighting sports organizations!"Chatree" wrote a dream of creating a hero with a stable life.|Championship Day (One) may be widely known as a world -class martial arts. But for "Mr. Chatree Sitthong," Founder, President and CEO intended to tell this organization. Of the heroes on the arena to inspire people all over the world rather than the profit of the business of Chatree, pupils, pupils, pupils of Borom Muay Thai, "Yod Thong Senanan" has the opportunity to learn "The science of all eight weapons" at a young age Which shaped him to be disciplined Have brave hearts as a fighter and know how to be kind, etc. and is an important inspiration to send him as successful as a ten billion businessman today, from Chatree in a bundle with Muay Thai Have a friend of a Thai boxer Which is mostly from poor families Some people are championship boxers. But still have a difficult life Causing him to have a question in his heart that Why do we abandon the heroes who inherit the national martial arts and build a reputation for the country like that? At the age of 19, he wrote his own dreams in a business that can help. "Fighter hero" to be liberated from poverty after a career As well as creating sports organizations to disseminate Asian martial arts Including Muay Thai to be as far as the world This is the origin of the establishment of Evolve MMA (Evolf MM) and One (Championship Day) today. "I know how difficult it is a boxer. Have to practice almost 6 days a week I want them to Give him a good income to help his parents. And create a secure future for children I was happy to help people. While the company also succeeded I don't have to take advantage of anyone. If I help the staff The staff helped the company. We can develop together, "Chatree said. For Evolve MMA (Evolf MM), it was regarded as the number one martial arts institution in Asia. And the largest in Singapore Which allows the world championship heroes to convey knowledge and experience in martial arts In which the world champion boxing teacher will receive compensation 150,000-400,000 baht per month, which is considered the highest among the gyms to teach fighting around the world, while One is a stage that gives a variety of sports opportunities from around the world to fully express their potential and talent. Which has been ranked as one of the 5 world -class sports media that has the highest audience and participation around the world today. According to the business concept of a 19 -year -old boy, no one believes that it is possible. To this day, One has become one of the world -class sports organizations that both Thai and international fighters want to be affiliated with. We have seen many examples of both large and new generations of athletes that have been successful as the "Big Boss" of the employees and the "cousin" of the heroes of the fighters. Another level With the intention to upgrade Muay Thai The root of the national culture to international standards. Including promoting the value of "Thai manufacturer" to be remembered. Currently, Chatri, the pupils, the top flag agreed to accept the red label promoter of the Lumpini boxing stadium. The official press conference on Monday, September 12, fans are waiting to see the new phenomenon of the Thai boxing industry.
It's crazy!Look at the former luxury mansion "Holfield". The world is so big that it has to be sold (picture).|Considered to be a matter that was talked about to this day with Former luxury mansion of Evander Holfield, the giant world champion Which is 54,000 square feet large on a total area of ​​594 rai and is considered the most magnificent building in Georgia. The back mansion has a total of 109 rooms, divided into 12 bedrooms, 21 bathrooms with many facilities at Having said that, it is too much to imagine, such as a large banquet room, cinema, bowling, boxing gym, boxing stadium, audio studio, large swimming pool, 2 pools and many more. However, with the large size of the building, it has the cost of maintenance of over 1 million US dollars (about 36 million baht) per year, which Daily Mail reports that only the electricity cost is $ 16,500 per month (about 6 A hundred thousand baht) into the size that is too big than necessary Combined with the enormous cost per year, resulting in the final Former 59 -year -old boxer decided to sell it to Rick Ross Rapper at a price of 5,7 million dollars (about 208 million baht) in 2014 before Evander Holfield took the money. Buy a new mansion in Las Vegas worth $ 3 million (about 109 million baht) and live until today. However, the story of the old mansion is still talked about to this day, regardless of how long the time has passed.
Green color!Social "Magez" Angel Tennis release sexy (picture)|After becoming a trend that may reduce the role of tennis career that has always dreamed of In order to transform into the entertainment industry instead for the latest 17 -year -old Magane Rain, the latest American The teenage rack from Minnesota continues to continue in fashion. When playing the model for various styles of clothes, from sports bra, casual dresses, including swimsuit Which shows the puppet to show the girl in a small sexy corner Revealing bright beauty Aura shine, not as famous as a famous professional model Until the fan club pushed the heart almost in time, especially The latest clip that she shows off the SUNNY CO CLOTHING swimsuit that she plays the presenter. Comes in a green bikini Revealing a sexy corner on both the back and the corner of the thieves. Despite having a model, model and entertainment industry open their arms fully But the girl Magexi still didn't leave a dream But reduced the importance a little When the introduction message on Instagram Makenzie_raine Her also has the word Athlete (athlete) at the end of the model, the model, the actors, and the streaming, and then have to see that "Nong Max" will continue to hold on to the hook. go Or to continue to enter the Maya industry because No Ties Management, the model, the model that she has just signed the contract is ready to push fully. In addition to the quiz-19 That is still outstanding Causing her career to quite a bit
This form!"Keane" predicts Manchester United. Where did you win this season?|Roy Keane, the legend of Manchester United, of the English Premier League, expressed confidence in the Red Devils that can guarantee the Top Four of this season when the team performed excellent work in the latter by Only the latest match that Eric Ten Hak's team has just opened Old Trafford to defeat Arsenal 3-1. Antoni broke the first goal in the game. Marcus Rashford will go for another 2 goals in the second half, bringing Manchester United to collect 3 full points. The Gunner Believe that the Red Devils Party can guarantee the season with the top four. "I think United will be able to finish the season with Top Four over Arsenal. Good kick The new team manager is adjusting. For me, I still believe in United. "Keane showed the viewpoint after the game at Old Trafford, while Garyneville again saw differently. He said," I think Man City, Liverpool and Spurs will reserve Top Tree, while Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester United will fight fiercely in order to win the 4th place. "The Red Devils ranked 5th in the table after the competition results on Sunday, there were 12 points after 6 games after Arsenal in the position of 3 points.
Brutal since the opening match!Manchester City formats, attacking Sevilla 4-0, starting a large European cup.|The UEFA Champions League Group G, between Sevilla meets "Blue Sailing" Manchester City at the Estadio Ramon Sanchez Piskuan on Tuesday, September 6, past. Come to start the game for 5 minutes. The visiting team immediately goes to Kevin De Bruyin to the right before opening the penalty area for Erling Halnd to hide, but the ball has dropped a little. The blue sailboat "continues to continue the game. Kevin de Bruyne receives the ball in the penalty area before flowing for Erling Halnd Prue to charge 6 yards. The first half with this score came back to play in the second half of the 58th minute. The visiting team is still superior to Chu Gan Selo, adding a high game to the penalty area before opening to Philphodon, then rocking and finding the channel before breaking into the far pole. The City is 2-0 minutes. At 67, Manchester City leaves 3-0 away. Philpho dragged the ball into the penalty area before breaking up with the right. Yasine Bino rushed into the Erling Halnd. Tung Tung Network for the 90+2, the visiting team per game, Riyadh Mahrez flowed out to Chu Gan Seolo, opened back to the front of the door for Rubie to close the box for Manchester City to bring 4- 0 ends the game "Blue Sailing" Man City attacked Sevilla 4-0, collecting three points, starting a large European cup competition. With a hot form of the players of both teams, Sevilla (4-3-3): Yasine Bono-Jose Carona, Neman Ya Ji Delge, Tong Ki Niang Soo - Jesus Nabas, - Joan Evan Rakitic (Rafa Meri 46), Thomas Dealany (Joan Jordan N. 46), Marcos Aku Naga -Isco (Nanthayanu Sai Nu. 78), Papu Gomez (Suzo Nor. 73), Alextelles (Casper Dolberg. 57) Man City (4-3-3): Aden Son -Chu Gan Salo, Ju Ben Di, Manuel Akanji, Sergio Gomez - Kevin de Bruyne (Riyad Mahrez, 78), Romere Aerendez (Calvin Phillips, 78), Philphot (Cole Palmor Nor. 70) - Bernar Doo Silva, Erling Hande (Julian Alvarez Nu. 78), Jack Greek (Ilki Gundo Kuntho 62) Referee: David Masa (Italy)
The head is not beautiful!Chelsea form a loop to lose Sakarbu.|The UEFA Champions League Football Group between Dinamo Sagarb and "Lion Blue" at the Stadio McComeir on Tuesday, September 6, opened. For 10 minutes, the visiting team coordinated excellent. Pierre-Emerick Obama Yeon received the ball before slapping the night for Rahim Sterling Ling to beat the blog after the 13th minute. Wish tackling, even if Misslav Orshich, Salay Vesley, Fafana, before falling into the ball, crossing the ball, Arisa Balaka, tucked down the bottom of the Dinamo Sagrab. Leading 1-0 minutes at the 30th host, winning another time from the free kick, Bruno Petkovic, receiving the ball in the penalty area before flowing, even if Misslavorchic ran to spin with the right bent. Out of the first half of the first half, the home team led 1-0 in the second half of the 47th minute. "Lion Blue" almost immediately. Pierre-Emerick Obama Yong washed the net, but the committee did not give because it was a advanced rhythm before the end of the game. The 80th minute, the visiting team almost got the rival goal, Mason dragged the ball up to the left before opening the door. Let Kai Hawarez tackling, but Robert Lubish, the home team, followed by the game, ending the game. Is the leader of the group, while the "Lion Blues" starts with the defeat in the European game, the list of players of both teams, Dinamo Zagarb (4-4-2): Dominic Lee Wakovic -Sabeh Mo Harram (Rasmus Learit Sesan 76), Bosho Chosa Lo, Deno Pirich - Stefan Ristovski, Aree Ademi (Martin Batu Rana 88), Josip Michic, Luka Ivanuchez, Robert Lubich -Misslavorchic (Da Rio Shopic N. 77), Bruno Petkovic (Josip de Mick 98) Chelsea (3-4-2-1): Gapa Arisabala Ka -Sausar Azpilica Ta, Calidu Culibala, Wessley Fana -Rez James, Mason Mount, Mateo Kovasic, Ben Shille (Mark Guku Rai N. 71) -Kai Harware, Pierre -Emerik Obameyong (Armando Boriya 59), Rahim Sterling ( C Risani Pulisich, 75) Referee: East Wan Kovash (Romania)
Old champion invading Hey!Real Madrid Rua, the second half, extinguished the Celtic 3-0, starting the European cup.|The UEFA Champions League Football Group F between "Green Green Zebra" Celtic meets "White King" Real Madrid at the Celtic Park on Tuesday night, September 6, the game has only started. First minute The home team almost got Herregeos Jasmakis. The ball had fallen into the penalty area before flowing for Liel Ba Da to chop the chicken with the right, but the Milite jumped out. Will get the most leading goal. George Josaka flows the ball back for Callalum McGregor to run with the right right bump into the back of the pillars. Can also be the same as the ball from half of the field, but Joe Hart came out to save the team. The first half is still equal. 0-0 come back in the second half of the 56th minute. "The White King" up the game on the right, Fedeval Verde opens into the penalty area for Vinicheus Junior to run to the Real Madrid net. 1-0 at the 60th minute. The visiting team continues. Adenazar passes the ball for Luka Modric to fall into the penalty area before pulling the host line. Then strummed the pole into the beautiful pillar. Real Madrid brought 2-0 minutes away at 77 "White King" per game. In the middle of the Adenazar, go into the middle of the Real Madrid gate, leaving 3-0 away from the game "Old Champion" Real Madrid attacking the Celtic 3-0 to collect the first three points. Along with the leader of the group F Immediately, the list of players of both of the Celtic team (4-3-3): Joe Hart-Yossip Uranwich, Cameron Carter-Victory, Moritz Yen S, Greg Taylor - Mate Oraley (Aron Moy Nor. 72), Callalum McGregor, Reo Hatket (David Tern Buln .72) - Liel Abada, George Josakis (Kyoko Four Hashi, 72), Chota (Saphat Hug Sabanovic, 82) Real Madrid (4-3-3): Tibot Garg-Danie Garbakal, Edar Milite (Antonio Ruenger, 46), David Alaba, Fair Gloid Mendy - Luka Domirich (Marco Asencio 80), Ore Liang Chu Ameni (Edrdo Kamaka, 71), Tony Cros - Fede Rico Valvede, Karim Benzema (Eden, SAR, 30), Vinicheus Junior (Road ROCO 80)
Baby, the name "14, the young lady slap" Wade "ASEAN Grande Prix" in Korat.|The 2nd female volleyball competition "ASEAN Grande Prix" is back to compete again. Which will be held in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand between 9-11 September, which the competition consists of leading teams in ASEAN, like Thai teams. Vietnam. Philippines and Indonesia, which will compete in the championship team. Win a prize money 2. 5 million baht Volleyball Association of Thailand Announced the list of female volleyball players And team staff To participate in the female volleyball competition in this program already. • Look at the program+live broadcast. "Thai national women's volleyball team" ASEAN Grande Prix, the list of 14 Thai girl slapists are as follows: 1. Pornphan Kerdprathi 2. Natthanicha Jai ​​Saen 3. Piyanuch Pae Noi 4. Nat Thaporn Sanitklang 5. Handbathsuksuk 6. Charatporn Bansaksak 7. Kaew Kalaya Kamul Thala 8. Watchariya Nuancham 9. Atcharaporn Kongyot 10. Sasipaporn Chantawisut 11. Cattle Pin Suwan 12. Vipawee Srithong 13. Pimphichaya Kokkram 14. Thanatcha Suksod, Manager: Somchai Donprai, Chief Trainer: Danai Sriwatcharamethakul, trainer: Chamnan Dok Mai, coach: Sai Sai Sri Chu : Prawit Premthirisomboon Physical Therapy: Thiprat Kaewsai, Suthamas Suthiwiriyakul, Sports Science: Thaworn Kamut Sri Trainer: Pimwan Boonchan Statistics: Genius glasses
The goddess Poker!Open the warp "Karulina", sweetheart "Artur", the Red Swan Borrow (picture)|The Sun Media of England Take the reader to get to know Karulinami Mirel Lee, the sweetheart of Arturmelo, the red midfielder of Liverpool, with extraordinary degree. When she was both a dentist and a skilled poker, the Brazilian midfielder moved from Juventus to the Reds with a loan contract on the last day of the football market. The report states that Artur and Karulina met when the famous Signant with Juventus in 2020 and continued to develop relationships until now. Dental and use of such professions in a hospital in Brazil. Which she had revealed that The patients who come to do teeth with her are celebrities like Nelson Piket, the legendary driver, F1 and Ikor Lezuro, the main footballers of the team, Sow Paul. In addition to the main work, Karulina also revealed. Also, she is dedicated to ballet dance. Including playing poker as well "My routine is very crazy. But I like all the madness that I do. "Part of your interview with his home media. 2019 "Monday to Wednesday I can work in medicine. But Thursday to Sunday I dedicate myself to Ballet. "Playing Pocker Carlina used to post pictures on Instagram. Carolmiarelli Show off a number of chips while in Las Vegas. She swept the money of 5,700 dollars (about 2.1 hundred thousand baht) with the caption that "The happiness of the winner of the Poker in Vegas for the first time." The 26 -year -old Artoule began to play a professional football with Gromio, then moved to Barcelona in 2018 and was U. Venuts bought in 2020 before Liverpool borrowed to use freshly in the color of the Brazil national team shirt. Referred to the flag of 22 shots, scored 1 goal
Many things are not happy!"Ohara" pointed out the factors of Liverpool. Win the Premier League season this season.|Jami Ohara, former player of Aston Villa and Football Guru Believe that there are important factors that cause Liverpool to win the Premier League championship This season is completed according to the report from the "Red Swan" talk. Released a new season with a scrappy form from winning 2 draws, 3 and losing 1, with 9 points in the table in the table after the team of R. like R. Zenol with 15 points, 6 points, while Manchester City, the old champion, although the latest match is equal to Aston Villa, but they can collect 14 points equal to Tottenham Hotspuro. Be shy Talking about the win of Liverpool's champions, he pointed out that the reason why Yergen Klopp's team fell out of the winner since the opening of the season. "Every team is chasing Manchester City. But I think that this year, Liverpool is not a team to win the championship with anyone. With injuries that are attacking them at this time, the loss is the main loss of the team and I don't think they have the same midfielder as before. "" Everyone spoke about. This story and we have clearly seen each other. It is a loss of Sadio Mane. You can say anything about the replacement of Louis Diaz, but he has never done it at the level that Mane has done it. "" Sometimes Mane may be. Liverpool Salah's best player is a good score. He did something extraordinary, but throughout the 90 minutes, you saw Mane, doing everything for the team, both when having the ball and without a ball. He is very amazing. "" He pulled the potential of the players next to He came out a lot. I think he is a major loss of Liverpool. They lose the best players. "
It's not good enough!"Defo" revealed the name Top Four without Arsenal, Manchester United.|German de Pof, former England striker Lockdown that Arsenal and Manchester United will not stick to Top Four this season, Arsenal. Start the Premier League this season. Which still leads to the crowd, even if just losing Manchester United 1-3, while Manchester United began to do better. Currently, the 5th place in the table has the 4th place after Brighton. "I wouldn't say who would win the championship. Who will get the second Or who will get anything? "" But for me This year's top Premier League If looking at the players in the team, Manchester City, Liverpool, Tottenham and Chelsea "
Can be taken!WolvesFiled an appeal to the FA "Costa" was rejected.|Wolves, Hmpton, Derers of the English Premier League, submitted to the English Football Association after the Spanish national team Diego Costa. Was denied a 33 -year -old work permit in England. There was no club to play since January 2022 after the cancellation of the contract with Atletico Minero, the club in Brazil and Wolver offered to He, after the team lost the new striker Sasa Caesa Kaladzit, injured and may have to rest for a long time, with Costa traveled to England and practiced with Wolves to wait for the license to work. Which has been rejected in the first round For the reason about not playing in a professional game Due to the last game of the former Chelsea and Atletico Madrid striker, the game on December 12, 2021 or almost 9 months ago, for Brunolas's Wolver, starting the new season with the work at Bad They only won 1 of the first 6 games of this season. Ranked 14th in the Premier League table
The whole world!"Aussie girl fighter", the shirt shows off the victory on the BKFC battle (clip)|Became a viral clip that was distributed all over the world immediately for the victory of Tai Emery, Australian female fighters. In bare -handed fighting. "Barnakkholfcing" BKFC Thailand 3 at the temporary boxing stage, 8th floor, Central World. On Saturday night, September 3, after Aussie female fighter Able to dictator Go beautifully by defeating TKO Can only go first She was shocked by the fist fans by climbing the rope before opening the shirt to show the breast for the fans. See each other full This event has created a very famous trend for a 35 -year -old female fighter, even though it was only released as the first fight in bare hands. But the clip was shared all over the world Someone watched her victory rhythm 5 million times, and her name became a quick talk for Tai Emery. It's a sexy model. Onlyfans used to play Lingerie Football League (American football that has to wear a dress. I in the competition) before becoming a heavy fighting practice. As well as fighting in the BKFC battle in Thailand, which, from her victory, has made a follower of 100,000 people after the fight immediately.
Who is irony?"Bruna", the former sweetheart "Neymar" releases the X -in (picture)|It is also interested in the media for Paris Saint-Germain's Neymar Star and Germain and Bruna Bieng Cardee, a sexy model, which has just released a relationship. Official at the beginning of last year Before wielding a party And meet the family regularly In which Brazil and France are very interested in this hot couple. Before, in the middle of August, there will be reports that both of them have finished relationships. Because of the mischief of the man who greet the personal message, find other girls. Most recently, Bruna moves online by posting a picture of himself in a bright blue and green bikini. With the caption in Thai that "Just wanting to say that it will soon prepare to find new pictures In this mood. "It is possible that she is preparing to release a swimsuit to end the summer. For the 28 -year -old Brunabeong Cardee, is considered a celebrity in the social world of Brazil, as a beauty expert and model There are followers in AIG. More than 1.8 million Brunabiancardi, the number of fans is still increasing. Since having a relationship with Neymar, although now separated, according to the 30 -year -old Neymar, there are many beautiful news with teenagers such as Bruna Marquezine, actress. The country and Karulinadatus, whose people after Neymar have 1 son, David, David, Da Silva, 10 years old. The highest revenue in the world for the year 2022 from the rankings of Forbes at $ 95 million, or about 3,330 million baht.
"Prathum Chu Thong", 2 Tung, Phanong, in the final round of the southern football championship.|Southern Football Championship In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project, "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium on September 6, the last match, the first round of the CC Phatthalung B, attacking Nakhon Si Thammarat 5-0. The door from Watcharin Koh, Noon. 17,48,74, Suthiwong Lapwong, 19,68, while the 2nd pair of Dee Satun lost the penalty 6-5 after 1-1 by Satun. From Thanathorn Yee Luku 21, Kittiphong Chen Ngern, 80 pairs, 3rd at Songkhla Loss, lost to Ranong 0-2 by Ranong got 2 goals from Prathum Chu Thong, a former Thai national football team in 77. , 86 while Siriwannawari Sai Sai Surat Thani lost to Narathiwat 0-5, with Narathiwat getting a goal from Muhapad Tori Makhee, 47, Muad Fried Dawador, 62, Earfanma. Sor. 66, 79 and 90+1. As for the 2nd pair, Pattani won the penalty of Phuket 5-2, always in 1-1 by Pattani, from the door from Muzori Yuzo. Narathiwat's Kraithiwat firing rival 78 by Sai B, Nakhon Si Thammarat, Phatthalung B and Surat Thani. There are 3 equal points. Nakhon Si Thammarat, the next 8 teams for the competition program on September 8, round 8, knockout team at Siriwannawari Stadium at 14.00 hrs. Narathiwat met Phuket at 16.00 hrs. Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Organization 16.00 hrs. Phatthalung meets Chumphon. The 2nd couple found Ranong at 18.00 hrs.
S. Online Sports Journalists Join Hand for Safety and Creative Media Development FundProject launch"Training skills, knowing sports media"|Online Sports Journalists Association joins forms of Safe and Creative Media Development Fund Project launch "Training skills to know sports media" 4 regions around the country Enhance knowledge, increase skills, understanding and build immunity, change society creatively on September 7, 2022 at the Sports Journalists Association of Thailand. Rajamangala Stadium Have organized a press conference to launch the project "Training for Sports Sports Skills" with Dr. Chanwit Pholkhiwin, Vice President of the Senior Sports Commission as the president, along with Mr. Wan Kwankaew, President of the Online Sports Journalists Association, Mr. Wiraphong Kangwannakul, the research director. And drive society Safety and Creative Media Development Fund, Dr. Natthiratsupanon President of the Government Foundation And anti -corruption Join the news with the honorable guests, Mr. Adisak Benjasiriwan. Vice President of the Football Association of Thailand, Mr. Kasem Jariyawat Wong Former Thai national football manager, Mr. Sunthorn Meesuwan, former Committee of the Thailand Football Association, Miss Chocan Saman Samanit, Deputy Governor of the Sports Authority of Thailand Strategy and Information Technology, Miss Sunantha Hamontri, Director of Domestic Public Relations Division Tourism Authority of Thailand, Mr. Noppanan Kanthara, Head of Activities, External Union, State Enterprise, Metropolitan Waterworks Authority (Representative of the Union) and the media attended the event. Which takes care of sports It is very pleased that the sports industry in all parties. Will be developed systematically Through all 4 training of the Online Sports Journalists Association And the Safe and Creative Media Development Fund That jointly create good projects Like this to happen It is beneficial to reporters directly involved. Including people interested Get correct knowledge Especially online media that are currently widespread Still lacking understanding of this matter. "Mr Wankla Kwankaew, President of the Online Sports Journalists Association," As the president of the association And is also one of the main media that serves Dissemination of sports industry news to the public Saw the importance of media awareness Unsafe media surveillance Uninterrupted Already in the original capital And when supported by many sectors, whether the Senate Sports Commission Safe and Creative Media Development Fund Sports Authority of Thailand And the President of the Governance Foundation and Anti -Corruption Resulting in this project to be successful And is the most beneficial to the people in the industry Hope that all 4 training will lead to the correct news presentation, not instigating. Or lead to hidden businesses And especially in various laws and penalties Hope to make the media brothers All aware of the importance of this area And is not one of the wrong tools of one group. "While Mr. Wiraphong Kangwannakul, the director of the research and driving society Safe and Creative Media Development Fund, "As a representative from Safe and Creative Media Development Fund Which is directly responsible It is very pleased that this training program has been pushed and made perfectly. From all relevant sectors together to create this project In order to create knowledge, understanding, knowledge, and surveillance of unsafe media Is the norm for people who follow the news in various channels to receive the correct news Not guided to any misunderstanding And sincerely hope that This project will be accomplished. Strengthen knowledge and understanding for online media Or people involved widely from all 4 times of training Please become the beginning of the creation of good things. Drive the society in the right direction through the correct presentation of the media. "For the Sports Skill Training Project, the Sports Media will be held in 4 times, the 1st time, central and western regions on 17-18 September 2022 at Phu Pha. Bee Resort, Suan Phueng, Ratchaburi, 2nd, southern region, 29-30 October 2022 in Phuket, the 3rd and northeast region on 17-18 December 2022 in Buriram and the 4th time. On 21-22 January 2023 in Chiang Mai
This one is not threatening!"De Bruy" pointed out "Halde". Please take a little more time to adapt. Believe it.|Kevin de Bruyne Playmaker of "Blue Sailing" Manchester City, a famous club in the English Premier League, praised the great form of Erming Halnd, spearheading a new teammate. After the attacking game, Sevilla 4-0 in the UEFA Champions League game stages, 21-year-old shooting group, made two goals alone in this game. And made him play in all 8 games, made a total of 12 goals and this game, he still showed a hot form. "I tried to do my best. And create the most opportunities in each game I know that there must be one way. Or many ways to give the ball to Halnd. "" He will continue to handle it. For him, it is the beginning. (In the Champions League) is perfect. His adjustment is very good. But aside from shooting the goal He also has many things to do and have to adjust. "It will be even more difficult. And it is very exciting If he can adapt to everything He will score a lot of goals from the opportunity to reach him. And if it is like that, it is good for Manchester City. "" It's great that we started the group stages with victory. "Belgian national team star. Open mind to the younger generation in the team
Bounce lightning!Chelsea announced the separation of "Tukele" with a team to lift the set.|Urgent news from England, when Chelsea announced the separation of Thomas Two German, the German manager. With the team left the position After losing 3 consecutive games, including the UEFA Champions League opening game last night, who invaded Dinamo Zagarb at Croatia 0-1 by the heart. The club said thank you to the European club champion, UEFA Super Cup and World Club Championship. But after the new group owner came to look after the club officially 100 days, the team needs to change. And will proceed if the new manager will continue to control the army for the work of the Blues at the beginning of this season. This is not very good in the 6th place in the Premier League table by winning 3 draws, 1 loss, which if counting Only the away game They only beat the same match as the Everton 1-0 in the opening game of the Premier League season. Before that, after that, he lost all the way to Leeds United 0-3, losing to Southampton 1-2 and recently losing to Dinamo Zagrb in the European cup 0-1.
With 8-11-year-old Baby Football Bomb, Air Sea Land Football Thailand Championship 2022, Satun 15-19 September|At the Sports Authority of Thailand, Satun Province has a lottery ceremony for the AIR Sea Land Football Thailand Championship 2022 in the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022, aged 8-11, along with the meeting. All 4 team managers in the drawing ceremony Was honored by In the lottery ceremony Was honored by Dalanunung Alee, President of Satun Sports Association, Sutthirat Rakwong, Director of the Sports Agency of Thailand Satun Province, Komsan Sumanat, Tourism and Sports, Satun Province, Police Lieutenant Colonel Prasert Khun weapon, Satun Sports Association of Satun Province, Manoch Maneewit, Director of Piman Phitthayasan School, Thaweesak Kaewlam, Vice President of the Administrative Organization Satun Province, Prayoon Khong, representative of MPs, Satun Province, Region 1, Phuea Thai Party, Jesada Kaewthong, President of Taekwondo Club Satun, Football competition, Air Sea Land Football Thailand Championship 2022 will be on the Satun Provincial Administrative Organization Stadium. Between 15-18 September 2022, on 15-16 September, this will be a 10-11-year-old competition, while the 8-9 year version will compete on 17-18 Feb. In addition, there will be The official opening ceremony on the 14th of Kor. At the Course Mansion, Satun Province at 17.00 hrs. Line and program Follow competition on the Football108 & Sports page
"Sarach" invites the followers of "The Rabbit" to cheer in the first home of the season to cope Lamphun Warrior.|"Tang" Sarach Yu Yen, the captain of the BG Pathum United club, invited all football fans to come to cheer to the full capacity of the BG Stadium after the "The Rabbit" will play in the house. Is the first game of the season in the Hilux Revo Thai League 2022-23 with the welcome of the visit of the "King of the White" Lamphun Warrior on Friday 9 September, ready to win the first match to All football fans, Sarach Yuyen spoke about the work of the army "The Rabbit" in the past 2 games that "The past two matches were considered not as good as it should be. There are points that we have to fix and we talked to the staff team and understand each other that there are any points that we have to improve and improve the team. As for the past games with Buriram, it was a pity that we didn't get three points. But the mental state of all players is still good Because we can do better than the first game And can play as planned, but to lose concentration at the end of the game, it is something that we have to continue to fix. " Arior says, "The condition of the team in this must be quite ready. And all footballers are in good fitness But we will not underestimate Lamphun, because they are a good team and have a "coach Ong" who used to be with us. Including his foreign players are considered talented As I used to say that every team that we encounter this year, no team is definitely easy. "Finally, the 30 -year -old Thai national team still deposited to the" The Rabbit "football fans," I would like to invite football fans. Everyone came to cheer for the field because this is the first game in our home. After we haven't played in the house for a long time and this game is open for a hundred percent viewing. I would like to see a picture of football fans full of stadiums in our home. To encourage all footballers And hope that we will collect the first three points of the season in this game for all football fans. "For the Thai League Thai League 2022-23, between the" The Rabbit "BG Pathum United opens House to meet Lamphun Warrior will enter the field on Friday 9 September 2022 at 19.00 hrs. At the BG Stadium, live broadcast on AIS Play.
Get a new queue!Polis Tero Duel Port, September 28|Thai League Co., Ltd. informs the match schedule between Polis Tero FC, found the FC Port Authority at the force majeure, so that he was unable to compete. On Sunday, September 4, 2022, so the competition Therefore, I would like to notify the professional football league competition "Revo Thai League" between Polis Tero FC. Meet the FC Port at Bunya Chinda on Wednesday 28 September 2022 at 18. : 30 hrs. By competing only the remaining time. And maintain a list Football players in different goals, expected punishment as before
No!Liverpool, bad form, attacked by Napoli.|The UEFA Champions League Group Football Group between "Azzura" Napoli opened the house with "Reds" Liverpool at the Stadio Diego Armo Maradona. Wednesday night, September 7, the game began just one minute. The home team almost got the goal out, leading Victor Ozimhen, getting a single ball before touching the Alizon Bake and shoots a narrow angle, but the ball hit the pillar of the 5th minute. "Azzura" Come to get the penalty from the moment James Milner made the handball handle immediately before becoming Potor Seolin Slin, not missing Napoli. Leading 1-0 minutes. The rhythm of Victor Ozim Hen and Fergil van Di, which Var pointed out to be a penalty. At 31, Napoli was 2-0 away from the rhythm of the Sambo, Aung Gisa made with Potor Seolkki before falling into the hands of Alizon Backer. No. 44 The original home team to Quicha Quararat Kelia Take the ball up to the left before coming out of the back and open for Joe Vannie. Simeone scores into Napoli, leaving 3-0 away with the first half. With this score, the second half of the 46th minute the visiting team has a corner kick. Andrew Robertson opened a prominent opening into the head of Sreel Mati, but Alex Merey didn't miss to save for another minute. Later, from the rhythm of Joe Vannie, Simeo. Ne Popter Piotie Salinski dropped into the first stroke before the second sword. Napoli was 4-0 minutes away. 49 "Reds" refused. Drand, Robert Sans, take the ball up before flowing into the middle, Louis Diaz dragged into the penalty area before spinning with the right. There is no additional goal. The game has ended. Napoli opened the home landslide. Liverpool were demolished 4-1. Collecting three points, the stadium was beautiful, while "Reds" had to encounter a disappointing result of the players of both teams Napoli ( 4-2-3-1): Alex Mereet-Jo Wannie Delirenzo, Kim Min-Jae, Amier Rahma, Mami Thesa Olivera-A Ong Drea - Fraques Samo Aung Gisa, Stanislav Lobota -Matteo Politano, Octor Salinki, Quicha Quararat Kelia - Victor Ozim Hen Liverpool (4-3-3): Alizon Beck -Trent Alexande Ari -Arnold, Joe Gomez, Fergil van Diike, Andrew Robertson -Harvie Elliott, Fabinho, James Milne - Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino, Louis Diaz
The brutal offensive line!Barcelona opens the nest.|The UEFA Champions League Group, Group C, between Barcelona, ​​opened the house with Victoria Pilsen at Camp Nu Stadium on Wednesday night, September 7, starting the game for 14 minutes. The right corner kicking, Usman Dambele opens into the penalty area. Walk the game against Zorgie Roberto to pass the ball first as Robert Lewandovski pulling the rhythm before pressing with the left in front of the ball. -0 The first half of the 44th minute, the visiting team responded, Wat Slave Yemel, opened the ball into the penalty area to Yanzho, tackling the Victoria Pillise Network to 1-2. Hurt the 45th minute+3 "Azul Kranga" Walk the game again. Usman Dambele got the ball on the right before opening to Robert Levandovski to sink the Barcello net. Should leave 3-1 away with the first half. With this score, the second half of the 67th minute, the home team continues to attack the game. Right in front of the Barcelona penalty area, escape 4-1 with a hilarious. In this game, the 71th minute, the home team led 5-1 away. Frank Caseier, scoop the ball across the support for Franatores to come out alone into the net volley and deliver to the bar. Selona grabbed three points, successfully starting the list of players of both teams, Barcelona (4-3-3): Mark Andrene Schkene-Zerie Roberto, Ande Christiansen, Juls Kungde, Jordi Alba -Frank Caseier, Frankie de Yong, Perey -Usan Dembele, Robert Levandovski, Ansu Fatigiria Pilsen (4-2-3-1): Darish Stock-Milan Hawele, Loudech Persika, Lu Cashayda, Vatslofey Ga -Lucas Calvak, Palesta -Yan Xiro, Adam Vulcanawa, John Mossra - Thomas Short
Great!The Match Championship Cup, Thai people, was shown at Manchester United (picture).|Smoke lost the big match in Thailand. The Match Bangkok Century Cup 2022 in Manchester United is the Liverpool attacking 4-0 in a friendly competition. In July In the past, after the end of the game, Bruno Fernandes, the captain of the team, went up to get this championship cup. In the midst of the joy of the fans But there is a drama about "Red Devils" did not bring the championship cups of The Match with the club. Before the image was left in the reporter's room However, the competition management has explained the matter that the cause is due to the Manchester United team have to travel to the pre -season tour in Australia. And the said championship cup is large Makes it inconvenient to travel with the team But the organizing department will be sent to the club in England. Most recently, Winit Lert Rattanachai, Chief Executive Officer, Fresh Air Festival Company Limited has revealed the image of The Match champions sent to England. Is completed The trophy was honored to be shown in the museum of the club in the Old Trafford, together with the valuable championship cups of the club that swept many for the championship cup. The Match is the work of Suchao Modding & Design Formerly a computer (Case Mod), the Rajamangala Stadium, at Advice, a larger, distributor and repair service of IT products. Bring to establish a show at the event But with its beauty, it was chosen to be used as a championship cup in this competition.
Another reason to be bounced!The media revealed that the Singha Lion deteriorated "Tukle" because of leaving his wife to gig (picture).|Di Indian Famous media of England Break up the unemployment issue of Thomas Two, the former Chelsea manager, aside from conflicts with the board. Outdoor behavior is another reason why the team is uncomfortable in the report, indicating that the 49 -year -old manager was hit by many Blues, Blues, since the hard -to -reach personality, the behavior is not with the groove. To personal problems Who divorced with Sissey, the wife of a journalist who has been eating for 13 years and has 2 daughters in May (left), Tukle and ex -wife, Sissey, (right), Takle and Natalie When the latest summer, then at the end of July, the Tukle was captured as Phan Talie Maksan, a new Brazilian girlfriend, a 35 -year -old mother, 2 from the ex -husband to cruise in Sardinia. With a romantic atmosphere before staying in a luxury villa 20,000 pounds per night. According to this relationship, it became the topic of the players in the team. It is one of the reasons that the views on his coach gradually change. Until resulting in the atmosphere in the dressing room spread to the form in the field
Analyze 5 issues to make Liverpool defeat Napoli. 1-4 UEFA Battle.|"Reds" Liverpool are disappointed after the invasion of Napoli, 1-4 in the UEFA Champions League Group A Group on Wednesday night, September 7, we try to see. Important issues that occur in this game 1. The first 5 confusion of Liverpool Piotr Zielinskissc Napoli V Liverpool FC: Group A - UEFA Champions League / Giuseppe Bellini / Gettyimages. After the game that NPES began a few moments, the Napoli parties took the opportunity to invade Liverpool to win a chance. Telling the high lines that the Reds were laid, the ball was labeled across LINE to attack The space in the back of the full -back on both sides, including the coordination of Joe Gomez and Virgil van Diike, opening the area for Quicha Qurakarilia, Victor Ozimhen, Matteo Politano, Potter Selelene, to Andrea Eng Kissa, focuses on the visiting team, Jian is 2 times, focusing on 5 minutes after the game starts. Until losing a penalty when James Milner made a handball in his penalty area, becoming a penalty and finally losing the home team. After that, the team of Yergen Klopp seemed to be broken and unable to return to the game. 2. The middle territory cannot stop Napoli. James Milnerssc Napoli V Liverpool FC: Group A - UEFA Champions League / Franesco Pecorao / Gettyimages Harveyes, Fabino and James Milner are three coordinated land. In the middle of Yergen Klopp, choose to use in this game and become the latter, which is the blind spot of the Milner team. Started by making a handball to lose the penalty and could not handle the center of the home team to the extent of losing yellow cards from the first 10 minutes, and almost the second yellow card will be fired from the first half of the field. In the middle of the field is also equal to reducing the danger of passing the ball completely when the 36 -year -old midfielder is best to put the short -term ball back and forth. It is unbelievable that Elliot has become the real midfielder that looks the best from All 3 people, even if they can't help change the game momentum, while Fabino seems to have no enthusiasm in the defensive game as before. 3. The defensive game is burned. FBL-EUR-C1-Napoli-Liverpoolfbl-EUR-C1-Napoli-Liverpool / Filippo MonteForte / Gettyimages Alexander-Arnold, Joe Gomez, Virgin Diike and Andy Robertson is the background that is trusted by Yer Gench. The apple is starting, but it turns out that all of them were alternating with Napoli. Seems to be the least stunned from all 4 people, but even then, the left -back, Scotland, the head of Scotland, has a headache in dealing with the home team to see the most severe. Until Klopp changed him out of half Referred to the mistake of entering the ball, being hit by Victor Ozimhen and Quicha, Tzailia. Alternating And participate in the loss of 2 in 3 goals from the first half. The defensive game of Alexander-Arnold It was worrisome since the last few games, and this game was no different for the 23 -year -old football, concentration and enthusiasm of Trent seems to slip, especially in the first half. Before the second half of the Red Swan balls, this Reds will raise his own play a little, while Van Dyk, who is not being attacked by Napoli's attack, is still unfortunate to put on Ozimhen. The second penalty ball in the first half 4. The backup cannot change the game Alex Meret, Darwin Nunezc Napoli V Liverpool FC: Group A - UEFA Champions League / Francesco Pecorao / Gettyimages Joel Matte (Gomez 46 '). Darwin Noon (Firmino 62 ') Tiago (Milner 62') Diego Chota (Salah 62 ') Artor (Elliot 77') The top is the 5 reserve that Klopp chose to send to the field in the second half. Hope to change the momentum of the game that the cards that can be filled with Napoli to be asymmetrical. Different, the Spanish national team midfielder enhances the smoothness of the game in the middle. Shows the witty to survive in a narrow area Create an area in the middle of the field by bringing the ball to drag the face. Unfortunately, the top offensive line did not run to open the way to open the channel for Tiso Tang Killer Pass to see, while the remaining 4 reserves can only support the 90 minutes. 5. Credit Lucoso Spalletti and Napoli Luciano Spalletti, Jurgen Klopssc Napoli V Liverpool FC: Group A - UEFA Champions League / Fransco Pecorao / Gettyimages Napoli. More and more Over time, all 3 of their shin Playing with discipline and determined more determined than Liverpool, Andrea Antria, the role of boxing boxes, boxing boxes, outstanding with the addition of participation in the final area and ending the game. By having the name on the scoreboard, the best Poor Salinski, with the role of the army number 10, inserted up to coordinate with Victor Ozimhen, while Quicha Qurakaria 21 -year -old rising star, Georgia, the secret character Napoli grabbed from Dinamato, worth only 10 million euros.
"Potter" Teng Ja!The news of the news of the news revealed 3 names of Chelsea's new manager.|Graham Potter, the manager of Brighton and Hoff Albion of the English Premier League, is one of the new manager Candidate, after the Blues Singha army announced the separation with The official Thomas Tubile, after the renewal of Dinamo Sagarb in the UEFA Champions League, the group of the Blues, the Blues is still disappointed in the league when collecting. The victory only won only 2 matches from the first 6 games after throwing over 250 million pounds of Siva Sivana, Mark Kuuraya, Rahim Sterling, Calidu Kuli, Car. Nee Chu Quw Mega, Pierre Emerick Obama Myung and Gabriel Sloina reinforce the army from Robdorset, Sky Sports Reporters in England, revealed that the team owner The Todd Bohley plans to discuss the possibility of grabbing the Greham Potter, including Mauricio Pochettino and Zine Die Zidan. The position of the German master, with Pochettino unemployed after separating the way with Paris Saint-Germain. At the end of the season 2021/22, when Used to have experience in the Premier League team before Southampton and Tottenham Hotspur, just like the Zinedine Zidane, which is free from the coach from the separation with Real Madrid in the 2022 Summer and used to be the target of Paris Saint. -Germain Before referred to the position and confirmed that the French national team manager had expected after the Qatar World Cup 2022 at the end of this year, while the 46 -year -old Potter was watched after doing the work with the army. Gulls are excellent under a limited budget since signing the team in 2019. It took 3 seasons to led the team to finish the 9th place in Season 2021/22, the highest ranking in the Premier League history of team As well as being excellent in the new season Ranked 4th on the score schedule at this time from the winning work 4, draw 1, losing 1
Is that right?!The media revealed "Semura". Bournemouth is the least wage in the Premier League.|The name of the player is high and expensive wages are often watched by the media and fans until it is normal in football, but on the other side of this group of players there are players who play football with love by The compensation is not very high. Most of them are young players that have just joined the club shortly. When compared, the differences in the income of players in the Premier League Clearly, different from Libra. Because the football that has the most revenue per week with the club, Cristiano Ronaldo receives money from Manchester United up to 515,385 pounds per week (21.6 million baht), but Jordan Semura Bab Bournemouth, which is the least wage in the league, has a wage of 385 pounds per week (16,190 baht) and if the month of Ronaldo has a salary from the club 84 Instead, Semura can only be 64,000 baht. In addition, in the list of 20 players with wages per week in the Premier League. The name of Bournemouth's player is the most, followed by 3 Knotting Ham Forest, with the first 5 names: 1.) Jordan Semura (Bournemouth) - 385 pounds per week (16,190 baht) 2.) Don Anthony and Kavin Kennie (Bournemouth) - 769 pounds per week (32,330 baht) 3. Vaccascle United) - 962 pounds per week (40,423 baht). 4.) Sam Green Wood (Leeds United) - 1,346 pounds per week (56,559 baht) 5.) Arthur Okono (Arzenal ) And Brandon Austin (Spurs) - 1,538 pounds per week (64,626 baht) ** In the information of Sean Long Staff, the information is specified that he just renewed the contract. Although there is no wage after renewal But it is expected that He should get more wages. ** Study the wages of all players in the Premier League this season here. : https: //www.spotrac.com/epl/RANKings/weekly for Jordan Semura, the least wages of the Premier League this season, have played in the league game 3 matches with the agency in the left -back position. He is one of the 11 real games that lost Liverpool 0-9 at the beginning of last month and played 90 minutes in the name of the national team. Referred to the field for the national team of Zimbabwe for 6 games at the age of 22 at present.
Beauty is the reason!"Marta" sweetheart "Regglon" outstanding until drowning news (picture)|Considered to become a target immediately for a beautiful woman who attended the launch of Sergio Reggie, the new left -back of Att. At this event, I have to say that the scene is full, which she is none, but Marthese Net, a sexy girl idol, a 25 -year -old girlfriend who traveled to attend a press conference with a dress. Brown, tight, adding interesting to the fans This event made many media fierce bulls. To the point of presenting the news of a 21 -year -old model, more than the news of the boyfriend who moved from Spurs to return to his hometown again. The hometown has up to 3.3 million followers on Instagram. She also has more than 2 million YouTube programs. As for how good it is to watch
Bright!Parade to share the cuteness "Nong Khoon", Ping Pong, the national sports champion (picture)|Became interested and shared on social media Especially the pages related to news in the sports industry For the most clear Table Tennis player, "Nong Khun" Apichaya Sriwrit, who has started playing this sport since 8 years, with a 25 -year -old Nong Khun, graduated from a bachelor's degree from the Faculty of Communication Arts. Chulalongkorn University 2 years ago, all of which was studied in Chamchuri fence Nong Koon is a representative of the institution to compete in various programs. The latest work of the beautiful celluloid slap is the 47th National Games or Sisaket Games. In March, by grabbing 2 gold medals from a couple and women's team, with 2 other bronze medals from single and mixed women. Gemsting for Best Women Award In the name of Bangkok, for anyone who wants to follow the work and the brightness of this cute girl pong, followed by Facebook Apichaya Sritavarit.
12 rising stars, Road to One, prepare to hit the mouth of the Deputy Deputy Deputy Saturday, 17 September.|Road to One Thailand competition, the Rising Muay Thai dream stage to the world stage. Held under the cooperation of One and Fair Tex Fighter and Kiat Phet Opened the arena in July And finished the first round We have passed the semi -finalists in all 12 lives. All of which are scheduled to hit each other in the semifinals scheduled on Saturday 17 September at 10:00 am broadcast live on Channel 7HD and will immediately know the results of who will enter the finals. Within one day With the following pairs of pairs, the best pair of small, S. Sommai vs Tai Tai, Pet. Chai Muay Thai Gym Muay Thai Featherweight version (70.3 kg) Star Boy Petchiat Phet vs hidden love pupils, Muay Thai, Flyweight (61.2 kg), little star. Sai Sai Din, VS Celeste, Phuket, Lion Muay Thai, Muay Thai Atomic (52.2 kg), Kaen Sakon, DNA, Thailand vs Avatar, Mor Si Muay Thai The Featherweight version (70.3 kg), diamond bracelet, Akadi, VS, VS Manee Deans, Arena, Muay Thai, Atomic (52.2 kg). There will be only 6 final 6 people. To the finals To conquer the number one position of the 3 models and will have the opportunity to sign a contract worth over 3.4 million baht as a full -time athlete. Follow the ROAD TO One semifinals on Saturday 17 September. Live at 10:00. On Channel 7HD
"Super Bon" leads the army "Stamp", "Kong Fah". ONE FIGHT NIGHT 2 Saturday, October 1|"Super Bon Sing Mawin" holds a second -hand fighter of Siam "Stamp Fair Tex" and the new red sign "Kong Fah Bancha Mek" to fight the big Night 2 battle that will broadcast live during the prime period. America Which corresponds to the morning at 07:00 hrs. Of Saturday 1 October 2022, Thailand time, King Boxing Featherweight version "Super Bon" came back to perform the second throne with the number one challenger of King "Ching Kis Allazov", the owner of the Kik Boing Bog Grande Prix. Wate in 2021 to announce the potential of the world's best kick boxing boxer. By placing the sign as the second partner, while "Stamp Fair Tex" would like to come back to recover the faith after the throne of the "Angela Lee Atom" mother. This model from the 5th challenger, "Ji Hin Tai Xuan", a strong female fighter from Malaysia who hoping to compete for the position. Together with the first appearance in One of the Muay Thai Boxing "Kong Fah Bancha Mek", the legendary Thai boxing "Buakhao Bancha Mek" intended to submit to the contest. Which will face a strong competitor from the "Anisa Mexen" border, and the major partner of the program is the opening of the quarter of the Strawet Queen "Song Jing Nan" and the mother of the atomic "Angela Lee" with the World Championship Belt as a strawweight as a bet. While the second pair of the program is the first World Championship Battle of the Division Graphing. The flyweight model between "Miki Megie", the lock and "Cleber Suaza "from Brazil. Fan fans can follow the live broadcast of One Fight Night 2 on Saturday 1 Oct 65 via Watch.onefc.com, One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers). The first pair at 07:00 hrs. And the Thai Rath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22:30 hrs. In addition, can also book tickets on the field via the field. Ticketmaster.sg Every match of One Fight Night, 2 pairs in the show-Ekkong Jing Nan vs Angela Lee (MMA World Championship MMA Women)-Super Bon Sing Mawin VS Ching Kis Allazov (World Championship Kick Boxing Feather Wate)-Migo Muzu Susuke VS Clear Suasa (World Championship Catch the Flyweight Log )-Stamp Fair Tex VS Ji Hin Xuan (MMA Atomic Model)-Martin Nguyen VS Iliya Frey Manov (MMA Featherweight)-Ti Mofay Nasti Kin VS Halil Amere (MMA Lightweight), imported program-Marrat Grick, VS Tai Fun Oscan (Kig Boxing Fishwert )-Kim Jae Wung VS Milka Gaz (MMA Featherweight)-Anisa Mexen VS Kong Fa Bancha Mek (Muay Thai Atomic)-Rade Opa Chic VS Jiunis Storeridis (a backup boxing boxing World Grand Prix, Heavweight)
Why is it?"Simeone", the shooting star, Napoli, opened his heart after scoring Liverpool goals.|Joe Vanni, Napoli's striker, Argentine Said after the game beat Liverpool 4-1 in the Champions League game, which he shed tears of joy in the first goal in this program. In the life of a 27-year-old football striker, moved to play with Napoli this season. And played in the Champions League for the first time in life In which he can score goals in his first game With tears And kissed the symbol of the Champions League that he tattooed on his arm. "When I was 13, I had my first tattoo, it should be 18 years old, but in the age of 13, I went to the champions logo. League on the arm because I am a football fan of this competition. My father doesn't want me to do that. As for the mother, asked why this tattoo So I replied that one day I will play in the Champions League and score a goal in this program. And I will kiss this tattoo as a celebration. "" I know that I am ready to play in the Champions League. I want to play in this program for the rest of my life. And I came to seize the opportunity at least once And I can grab it I was lucky that I didn't miss that opportunity. I think Napoli has a great night. We have a great game to overcome a very strong competitor like Liverpool. "" I called my father (Diego Simeone, the manager Atletico Madrid) before the game he encouraged me. And said that I will definitely play well if I get the opportunity to enter the field I talked to him before every game that played it for 1-2 minutes before the game we always did that. And will continue. "" I don't know what to say more. It was very creepy that I heard the fans shouting my name on the field. It made me feel that I wanted to do more. And we can do with the more goals in this game. I do everything to do hard to move here. Many people do not believe in me. And I have to thank them Because it is a great motivation for me. "Joe Vannie Simeone moved to play with Napoli. After last season, he performed a great job with Harlas Verona, by making 17 goals from 35 games and moved to Napoli with a loan contract this season. With options to buy In which his football life began with River Plate in 2013 before entering the European football industry with Genoa, followed by Fiorentina, Kayari, Verona and the latest with Napoli. Attached to the national Argentina national team, a total of 5 games made 1 goal. The first goal of Jovani in the Champions League was a goal behind his father, Diego Simeone 25 years. 361 days earlier Which Simeone The father scored the goal in the Champions League for the first time, when playing with Atletico Madrid in the game with FCSB in 1996.
No flip!Chelsea appointed "Potter", officially sitting in a new manager chair.|The famous Chelsea team of the English Premier League launches the official Potter, officially adopted the position of the manager after they separated with Thomas Twin on Wednesday. Officially from the club's website specifying details As follows: "Chelsea Football Club It is pleased to welcome Graham Potter as our new head coach. In which he signed a 5 -year contract to bring football and progressive training to the club. "" Potter Is one of the most watched coaches of the football game In which he started the adventure path from Sweden Before bringing the talent to the British Isles over the past 4 seasons, the 47 -year -old coach has been studied at a degree in addition to the sports industry. And gathered these experiences to create work guidelines Together with progressive thinking in the style that focuses on attacking and winning games. "" This is something that can be observed at the time he works for Brighton and Hoff Albion, which Greham led the club to finish the best. The most forever in the league last season And on the route He received praise from the style of play. In addition, it has proven to be flexible strategies and forms. Which helps to bring one step in front of the opponent. "The Potter gave an interview through the media that "I am very proud and excited to be a representative of the Chelsea club. This is a magical football club. I am very excited to cooperate with Chelsea's new group and wait for the conversation and work with a group of exciting players. In order to develop a team and culture that our magical football fans can be proud. "" In addition I would like to say a deep thank you to Brighton and Hofbian for giving me this opportunity. And especially for Tony Bloom, every player, a team and football fans that have been supporting throughout my period with the club, "Todd Bohly, the Chelsea club president, said," We are excited. Very much to pull the gram to Chelsea. He is a coach that has been proven in the Premier League and is suitable for the club's vision. Not only will be outstanding in the field He also has the skills and abilities that can be seen from off the field. These things will help Chelsea be a more successful club. "" He created an important impact with the old agency. And we are looking forward to seeing his positive impact with Chelsea, we are ready to support him, his coach and a group of players and the enhancement of the potential of everyone who will happen. During many months and many years from now on. "The Potter will take Chelsea to the London Darbar Match with Fulham on Saturday 10 September as a new event immediately.
"Ronaldo" full game does not help!Manchester United opened the house, lost to Real Society 0-1, starting the Europa League.|The UEFA Europa League 2022/23 football match Group E first match Manchester United, the famous England team Opening the Old Trafford Stadium, the visit of Real Society, a representative from Spain. Today, the home team uses 4-3-3 plans, Toni, Anthony Engka and C. Rissiano Ronaldo is the three net hunting. The visiting team came in the 4-3-3 system as well. Takehafu Sakubo, David Silba and Umar Sadic led the army in the offensive line. Visitors from the bull of bulls are the attacker to overcome 1-0, the goal from Bres Mendez killed the penalty to the net in the minute that 59 The next appointment program on September 15, Manchester United will invade the FC Cheriff, the League Champion of Muldova, and Real Sociad will open the house to welcome Omonia Nichee. Strong team from Cyprus
"Marquinos, Enctia" different!Arsenal attacked FC Zurich 2-1, opening the Europa League head.|The UEFA Europa League football match 2022/23 Group A group stages, the first match FC Zurich, the famous team of Switzerland Opening the Sigarund Stadion, the visit of Arsenal, representative from England. Today, the home team uses 4-4-1-1 plans. Krai Sonikwi and Aiyakun Tosin is a hope in the front. The visiting team came in the 4-3-3 Gabriel Martinellee, Marquinos and Edward Enctiah, the competition. The artillery army was a narrowly attacking 2-1. The goal from Marquinos 16th minute and Edward Enctia, 62 minutes, the home team got from Merlin Keryi. Woo killed the penalty. 44 The next appointment program on September 16, FC Zurich will invade Bodoklim, Champion Ligherway, Arsenal will open the house to welcome the PSV ID, the strong team from the Netherlands.
Latest drama!"Hunter" transgender snooker won the US Women's Snooker Open 2022 (picture).|Jami Hunter is a transgender snooker from a male 25 -year -old woman. Which she just beat REBCKA Kenna, the female queue from England 4-1 in the finals Won the USV Mans Snooker 2022 to be the first champion of her snooker industry as well. However, Hunter revealed that this victory was not as accepted as it should be. She was heavily criticized online after winning the championship. Because everyone thinks she takes advantage of other female athletes, Hunter Who decided to convert sex in 2019, said, "I was not as much as I thought. It is difficult to read something that people say online. It will make me feel bad from everything that happens. "" The most difficult thing is to see my parents upset. I met them at the train station after they picked us up when we returned home. My parents didn't celebrate or smile at all. "While Maria Catalano, the former 40 -year -old world -held world, has called for a banquers of transgender players from the female competition. Believe that there is too much advantage. "Ever since the female snooker tour began to rise, Renne Evans (the current world of the world) is the best female snooker I have ever seen. But she still can't fight with men That means that women can't fight men. "But when asked about this issue with Hunter, she believes that snooker There is no sexual advantage in any way. Hunter gave an interview to BBC about this issue: "I have seen people who say - Women can't compete with men- but there are 4 female snooker promotions on men's tour. They can overcome the competition this season. Of course, they can win men. Therefore, it is clear that women can compete with men. "" People who disagree with me Should be a personal matter Because he was not happy with me to join the snooker But when considering all the facts I think I think correctly. "" I think snooker Is a different sport It is a different argument with sports such as football, rugby, fighting sports, which are clearly different from other matters. "In the last few months Many sports regulatory agencies have decided to prohibit transgender women from playing female sports, but Jason Ferguson, President of the Bill Liang and World Snooker Association, or WPBSA, confirmed that this sport is different. Because it is not a sport that emphasizes strength, patience, strength or sports that are wounding snooker There is a clear policy regarding transgender people that specify hormonal levels, testosterone according to the requirements. To play in the female tournament, Hunter said that her hormone levels are in the specified criteria. Like other regulations, she also follows.
Dissected 4 issues!After the Manchester United game|Program: UEFA Europa League 2022/23 Competition: Thursday night, September 8, 2022, competition results: Manchester United 0-1 Real Socian Dad: Old Traffo Card 1. Ten Hak Rotation, the real Big Nem, Eric Ten Hak organized a circulating troops in the real outfit, arranged since the match between Harry McGuire and Wi. The Linde lovers at the backfield, Gazemiro started to start with Fred in the middle of the field and Cristiano Ronaldo. Is to take the role of the army that ran up to participate in the attacking game at the top As well as squeezing the high area to destroy the conveyor of Real social media, but the game in the first half became a game that seemed to be lacking enthusiasm for Manchester United. Freely moving in the middle of the field that can pass the ball into a dangerous area, keeping the game for teammates continuously. The chances of the home team in the first half are Ronaldo Cross's tackles by Diego Daden. The Lot that can beat the visiting team to send the ball to the bottom of the net successfully, but was arrested forward. 2. The game stimulates the game for just a moment. Bruno Fairdes and Lisan Drophorez were sent to the field instead of Ericsen and Dalot after half. And made the offensive game of Manchester United bustling for a while Especially the Portuguese national team midfielder who opened the ball for Ronaldo to win immediately as a nearby opportunity to get a goal to give only a few moments. The Momentum, who pretends to be good of the host, was punished by the penalty. When Martinez tried to enter David's shot's blog, Silva Ball bounced by his arms before the referee immediately blown as a penalty. Mendez is responsible for killing, not missing the game of the team of Ten Hak, without strong motivation. Until the next reserve, Chedion Sancho (instead of Annee 71 minutes) to Ale Han Droancho (instead of Anthony Alangka, 71 minutes) and Charlie McNal. (Instead of the Taiyard Maladee, 83 minutes) without a sign of returning the goal to the team. 3. Ronaldo is still thirsty. But the rhythm of the 2nd game of Cristiano Ronaldo, who has started as a real person in the Ten Hak era, with the latest that the person has been down to the real game. Terford 0-4 on August 13, 37 years old, still trying to chase the guidelines to accept the enthusiasm. But often ends with too much, half -step is almost every step, Ronaldo Ended with a full 90 minutes to play, chopped 4 times, but there was no time to finish the score in the frame. If not counting the rhythm of the ball to the bottom of the net successfully, but being advanced 4. The attitude gives a glorious opportunity, in addition to Anthony Elka, a 21 -year -old Manchester United pot, who has given the opportunity to continuously showing that they want to divide the opportunity to enter the field for other teams of the team. As well, on this show, Le Handor Garnacho, 18, played as a backup in the second half, with 18 -year -old Charlie Mac Neil, debuted in the name of the big team. Is the first match Although it may not be able to change the game moment of the game, while the list of other benching benchs also has a sedan (19 years) and Tyler Fredrison (17 years) waiting for the opportunity as well.
Gleaning the issue after the game!Cannon opened the European football head against Xiuchai in Switzerland.|Program: UEFA Europa League 2022/23 Competition: Thursday, September 8, 2022 Competitors: FC Zurich 1-2 Arsenal Stadium: Ciban Park Arsenal Begin the European football path with victory that may not be very elegant. But can be done in accordance with the goals in the game that has chosen many reserve in this game And victory over the FC Zurich 2-1 grabbed three points back to London. And people around the world arrived during the first half of the game. And that caused this game to mourn before the game in the second half And the players, including the Arsenal team, wearing a black armband to mourn for one of the most important people in England. Experimenting with the real competition game Arsenal plays with a 4-2-3-1 system. Throughout the game, starting with a 3-4-3 play plan and a fairly adjusting the position of the player. Including choosing a backup to play the real one And trying the plans on the field. Michael Artta's Arsenal tries to use this game to be useful in the conceptual experiment. And new practices can be used in real competition The results were not satisfactory. Clearly, there are still confusion in playing in many positions. And that can be improved by practicing Overall game images may be superior, but in this game, Arsenal still has many more improvements. "New page" Arsenal With the change of 7 players who have been given the opportunity to play from the first minute in this game Many new players have received the first opportunity, such as Marquinos, including the US goalkeeper. It is obvious that the first part of the stadium is quite a lot of his first game in Europe. After a while, everything looked into the way up. But the penalty rhythm loses defense rights And there is still not much rhythm to play in the air to see. Despite having problems in language communication since the first day of moving But his work in the past 2 months made Mee clear Artota satisfied and gave him the opportunity today. Finally, it became a day that he would never officially forget his first goal with football in Europe, Fabio Viera and play in the middle position. He did quite well. The first rhythm of the goal was the one who started the attacking game until it became the goal. Senseball looks good. Just attached to the flow of creativity. And the body is too thin Have to supplement fitness together more tightly For himself Each time I found the ball. So hurt. Received a lot of compliments from 1 goal and 1 assist in this game, but for Granit Shaka, today is another game in Switzerland. Playing the whole midfielder that connects the game And pushed up to join the attacking game Which he shows the very good fitness conditions of moving up and down throughout the game And also received the position of the captain's armband in this game as well
Chelsea releases "Two" to the stars?(Fun column / Teeraphat Akaraseni)|Despite changing to a new owner to American, Todd Bohli has already gone. Chelsea still maintains a coach like the Roman Bureewich's coach. From the position, do not regret the compensation of about 10 million pounds, although the season has just begun for just a month. Over the past decade, Chelsea is considered a club that has been very wasteful. Reputed to be rumored to be dismissed All the problems, all of them tend to come down to the manager's chair. The list has been lined up since Carlo Ancelotti has changed to Andre Biyas Boaas and Roberto Matteo, followed by Rafael Benitez, Jose Mourin. (Part 2). After that, Gus Hiddink (Round 2), Antonio Conte, Mauricio Sarry, Frank Lampard, Thomas Toke and the latest, waiting to appoint a new person. live (The official announcement is Greham Potter). The average age of the "Lion Blues" manager will only have 1 year working time. Do not say that, but even the old children, the legend of the team "Lamph", the management refuses to face as well. Just a year, many people have to collect things. Many people may regret the skill of German coach like Tubelle, but in the latter, he may face the monsoon for both personal life and stress about work, causing the work to be as well. There is a screw after the Premier League game in shaking hands with Conte, as well as being dissatisfied with the management, especially the Bohli himself, which Tookkel saw that it was too much. The club also announced that it was not the reason for the work in the field. The interesting thing is that Chelsea will continue to walk in this high change. In the past, the owner and management team Move the big players And most recently, the team manager and the staff of the Two Todd Bohli's coaches were all offended to the Roman Abamiwich's former management team that released all the good defenders from the team. Nio Rudiers, Andreas Cristeensen, Fiko Toomori and Mark Kehee are how to solve the problem in this era. When I bought Vesley Fahana, I had to wait for the time to adjust to Tiago Silva and Calidu Kuli Li, which the last two were 37 and 31 and couldn't play. For a long time, it would have to be changed again. Some fragile are Target center Which has become a mystery position in the area of ​​Stamford Bridge, because anyone who comes to play often does not show form Since the end of Diego Costa, such as Alvaro Morata, Romelu Lukaku, Timo Verner. Pierre-Emerik Obama, the 33-year-old, didn't know whether or not it would be. In addition, discipline is not good. Finally, Team manager chair The degree of people who will replace Thomas Tubile. This is not an easy task. Especially when he couldn't buy a player According to the news, the name of Graham Potter, the Brighton manager appeared as a favorite. Listening to the spine likes the mechanism that the Blues Lion Management will be serious? The high level of experience of the Potter is still few. The team that used to control is still different from Chelsea. The wrong choices may have to waste time and budget to solve the problem in the past summer. Chelsea. Pay more than 278 million euros to exchange for Vesley Fana, Rahim Sterling, Mark Kuuraya, Calidu Kulibali, Carnee Chubu Mega, Pierre- Emerik Obama Myung, Gabriel Sloenina and borrowed Denis Sakaria from Juventus. If asked to have a long -term deal No one would dare to answer. However, it is believed that Todd Bohli will learn how difficult the football team in the Premier League is. And what to criticize his old management team may be able to go back and forth at any time. Try to follow up on how to release the Tylie from Chelsea's position. Finally, how much will it affect the club?
English football, abstaining from 10 days to mourn the death of Queen Elizabeth 2|The United Kingdom and the Commonwealth Country must encounter a great loss when the Queen Elizabeth 2 passed away with the 96th Birthday Anniversary at Balmral Palace. Went on yesterday evening at local time Causing the country to enter the suffering period and abstain from various festive activities for 10 days, which will result in sports competitions throughout the United Kingdom Must be canceled by the competition. The latest British Football League or EFL has announced the postponement of football matches that will be kicked on this Friday night (9 September). Arch City and Transit Rovers meet stock portfolio. For the Premier League football match And other leagues across the country that will be kicked this weekend are still in the process of considering whether to postpone or not, with the Premier League issued a statement showing mourning to Queen Elizabeth II says "Premier League Feeling very sorry to know the news of the death of Queen Elizabeth II, we would like to mourn the great loss that occurred with the royal family. Including the people around the world that are sad to the loss of His Majesty. "In the British club representatives in the European football game last night Both stood to mourn the Queen Elizabeth II, including the Europa League game, which FC Zesri met with Arsenal to mourn before starting the second half, including the game that Manchester United opened the home losing to Real Siece. 0-1, stood still before the game 1 minute and wearing a black armband And ending at the Concert League game at West Ham United.
Put the rules and see!Answer the question of why "Martinez" was captured by handball last night?(clip)|Became the issue that was mentioned for the handball of Lisan Do Martinez, Manchester United defender who tried to rush before the ball hit the hips and ricocheted into his arms again. time With this rhythm of various criticisms that Finally Should it be a real handball rhythm? If the Laws of the Game rules are opened with the rules of the handball stating that In this case, it will be considered "Not handball" is 1. The ball comes to touch the arms that do not act bigger and unnatural. By considering the movement of the players at that time. 2. The ball came to touch the arm. While trying to support the body while sliding 3. Balls that come from their own play Then come to touch the arms that act unnaturally. 4. The ball came to touch the arm. While trying to hide the ball from the case of Martanez, he found that his hands didn't look attached to the body. And make the body bigger from the original nature Even if it is a ball that comes from other ricochets of the body According to the rules, the 3rd is found that it is not the nature of playing your own football and then touching the arm. Including not the nature of football Causing the referee to interpret the rules above, however The issue of the standard of the rhythm, which ball should be given in the handball rhythm or not the handball. It is still something that is talked about and criticized the clear standards. Because the standards in each case study are different
Waiting for the shirt!Newcastle signed free "Karius" after separating Liverpool.|Former Liverpool goalkeeper After becoming a free agent, in the past summer, the Salikadong army fell under another situation to find the hand of Martin Dua, after releasing the Slovakia national team. From the team under the loan contract for Manchester United Causing them to only have a second -hand Carl Darlow of Nick Pope, with the latest Darlow experienced an ankle injury, causing to recover from such symptoms for a while, causing Newcastle to accelerate The machine to close the deal grabbed the Dan Serm army and Mee Karius as the target to solve their emergency situations in the top 90min, England, indicating that Karius will launch with The Mags Internal Party. This Friday Referred to the name on the bench in the game they invaded West Ham United this Sunday night immediately.
Shining 4 agents of La Liga in the Champions League 2022/23|The UEFA Champions League season 2022/23 is about to start this week. The club from La Liga, which is eligible to participate in the competition, is Real Madrid, Barcelona, ​​Atletico Madrid and Sevilla in the 21st century (since 2001). 22 times, Real Madrid and Barcelona won 10 times, plus Atletico Madrid, who entered the final 2 times after knowing the lottery results in this season. already All 4 Spanish league representatives found a job that is not easy. Regarded as an important challenge To maintain the greatness on the European stage for as long as possible. Group B: Atletico Madrid, Porto (Portugal), Bayer Leverkusen (Germany), Club Broch (Belgium) as Madrid will meet Porto in group stages. It was the 2nd season by meeting. In the last season, Diego Simeone won 1 and draw 1 in the duel with the Portuguese league. It is considered an important competitor to win the knockout round. Although the work of the start season is not very good, "Bear" will be underestimates the German team. This team does not get the competition of Atletico Madrid vs Porto - 7 Sep ( Home) / 1 Nov (visit) VS Leverkusen - 13 Sep (Visit) / 26 Oct (home) vs Club Bruce - 4 Oct (Visit) / 12 Oct (home) Group C: Barcelona, ​​Bayern Munich (Germany), Inter Milan (Italy), Victoria Pilsen (Czech) Barcelona In the group of death or "Group of Death" in the Champions League this season. The main highlight is Robert Lewandovski, the Poland national team striker. Will face Bayern Munich, his former team of Sabie Erieandez, also meets a strong team like Inter Milan. However, the latest meeting "Chao Bun Thum" beat the top of the Italian team. Can both home and visit In the 2019/20 Group competition program Barcelona vs Victoria Pilsen - 7 Sep (home) / 1 Nov (visit) vs Bayern Munich - 13 Sep (Visit) / 26 Oct. . Ukraine), Glasgow Celtic (Scotland), the team of Carlo Ancelotti, an old champion from last season, will meet with Air Bei Lipzig for the first time in the European cup, with our statistics. Al Madrid in meeting with a total of 70 German teams winning 34 draws 13, losing 23 "White King" will meet the Donets in the group stage. It was the 3rd season in the 2020/21 season. Lost to the top team from Ukraine, both matches, but in the last season, they won the two matches of the Real Madrid VS Glasgowzel. Tik - 6 Sep (visit) / 2 Nov (home) vs Air Bei Zig - 14 Sep (home) / 25 Oct (Visit) vs Donesk - 5 Oct (home) / Oct. 11 (visit) Group G: Sevilla, Manchester City (English), Borussia Dortmund (Germany), Copenhagen (Denmark) Sevilla, who has completed the 4th Lee Gaza, 3 consecutive season, met with Manchester City in this group stage stage in the 2015/16 season. Both matches and in this season will have to duel with England again. The coach Julen Lopeteke used to snobbed the team from Ayamania through the final 16 teams in Europe in the 2020 season. /21 Meet Borussia Dortmund from Germany, lost with a score of 2 matches, 4-5 competitions of Sevilla VS Manchester City - 6 Sep (home) / 2 Nov (visit) vs Copenhagen - 14 Sep (visit) / 25 Oct (home) vs Borussia Dortmund - 5 . C. Nian League, group stages in this season, will be completed within 9 weeks from the beginning of September. Until the first week of November Due to the need to give way to the World Cup at the end of the year
Pink sea!"Ford" Futsal Football Chang Suek "Nong Bam" Angel Luk Rubber shows sweet in Phuket (picture)|Became a rising star lovers that fans are interested in Ever since launching as a person in social media since May, for "Ford-Supakorn Bowonchada Kul", the Thai national futsal team and "Bam-Jidapa Na Hua. Nong "Volleyball, a young woman in the future, the latest Ford and Bam, with the male friend gang spent a weekend. Taken to travel to Phuket In which the small table of the war elephant has posted a picture with a beautiful Liboro on the boat With coconut emojit, sea wave, women's face And the sweet pink heart With friends in the Futsal industry coming to comment, not less for Ford Supakorn was born in Bangkok on December 29, 1998, playing in the position of the line Currently under the PTT Blue Wave club, which is one of the military commander, a small Thai table, ASEAN Championship in April. And the SEA Games champion in May. Bam was born on February 22, 2002, the owner of 172 cm in high school. Before being arrested in Liboro Currently under the Nakhon Non Club In the Thai League volleyball Reported to the Thai volleyball fans for many years from the bright, cute and unusual skills. As for the latest work in higher education She led the Rattanabundit University team to win the "Esco U Champion Cup 2022" with the excellent independent position of the tournament.
Prepare to give up another pair!"Sia Boat", a famous boxing promoter, proposed marriage, actress "dazzling sky" (picture)|Hey, both social. For couples in different circles like "Sia Boat-Natadej Wachirat Rattanawong ", the strong young fire of the Petch Boxing Camp, welcomed" Proud Fah-Karunchida Khumsuwan ", the cutest sweetheart, the latest. The 34 -year -old handsome promoter posted a photo of his own partner with his girlfriend via personal Facebook Nuttadaj Vachirarattanawong. By kneeling, wearing a ring with a soulful kiss With the caption that "Finally, it's time to give up a single time. I am going to get married. "The dazzling girl is not inferior. Post a pair of pictures on Instagram Prawfar_KK as well. "Dazzling sky married to Boat ..: .. Dress up #Prawfarboat1109 Vlog. Watch in YT: Prawfar_kk today. 18.00. Thank you everyone for the words. 2 posts, people in the boxing and entertainment industry come to press the heart and comment to congratulate the Sia Boat and dazzling sky. Finally, for Nattadet Wachira Rattanawong, is the most attractive boxing person in our fist industry in this era. By referred to as the son of "Sia Nae-Wirat Wachirat Rattanawong "Legend of the promoter, the founder of the Petch Yindee Boxing Camp in the dazzling sky, the actress under Channel 3, 30 years old, deposited many famous dramas such as love, crossing the line, Pi Kaew Nang Hong, flower under the clouds, the sea. Dreams, one strap, music war, Pearl of the fire, the powerful gods, professional wife and the sky.
Officially!The Premier League announced the postponement of all this week to mourn Queen Elizabeth 2.|The death of the Queen Elizabeth II brought the grief of people throughout the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth. And also bringing changes to almost every part of the sector Not even the Premier League sport The British Football League, as well as the EFL, which takes care of the Championship League, League One, League Two and the National League that supervises the British Football League. Is another sector that mourned By postponing every match this week first The new schedule will be announced while the UK government issued a statement about the practice of mourning throughout the country. In terms of "important events, entertainment and sports activities" have clearly specified the guidelines that "There are no regulations to cancel or postpone sports activities. Including closing entertainment Depending on the discretion of each organization in consideration or postponement. "" If there is a plan that there will be a sport or events on the day of the ceremony. May have to consider adjusting the time not to match the funeral and involved procession. And to show respect As well as in line with mourning throughout the country The organizer can provide a calm time and/or play the national anthem before starting the job. Like athletes who may wear armbands to suffer. "
Boiling for September!"Shima Yev" Fer "Dia" UFC 279 this week|UFC, martial arts organizations and the greatest combinations in the world Prepare to bomb the battle in September under the UFC 279: Chimaev vs Diaz. The first partner is the Welterweight Fighting between Kamsat Shimavy. Which will explode at the arena, T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas, United States of America, Sunday 11, this highlight of the program It is a duel between "Borz", a 28 -year -old Swedish fighter, the 3rd secondary champion in this model, the owner of the statistics of 11 fights, and a winning won by 10 fighters. Most recently, winning the Gilbert Burn in April, with Shima Yev, will meet with the 37 -year -old American Net Di -Di Jez, who has a statistics of 20 wins, losing 13, with the latest losing work. Leeon Edwards in June Last year, the major partner was the aquaculture of the Asian representative in the Welterweight coordinates as well. Between the 34 -year -old Chinese fighter Li Jing Liang, the statistics winning 19, losing the latest, with the latest fight. Salicov Muslims fell asleep in the second round. In June, the Chinese fighter's partner was Tony Ferguson, a 38 -year -old American fighter with a statistics of 25 losing 7, with the latter work. Of Ferguson is not good, so lost 4 consecutive fights The latest fight was hit by Michael Chander to defeat Knock again in May, while another Asian fighter such as Li Ala Teng, a 30 -year -old Mongol, Mongol, will Up to the arena in the Bantamwet coordinates, meet with the 35 -year -old Canadian Chad Anada. There are also many exciting fights waiting for you under the UFC 279: Chimaev vs Diaz Day. This week The official match of the UFC 279: Chimaev vs Diaz, the main partner in the major match - Welter Weetsakham, Satta Shima, the fighter from Sweden will meet with the second -generation Net Di -Di -model - generation. Welterweight Li Jing Liang vs Tony Ferguson, Cashwet Kevin, Holland VS Daniel Rodriguez, Bantam, Women's Women's Irene Alda VS See Shiasan, Light Heavy Weewi Wetnie Walker VS AEON Kutelaba, a pair of featherwate, Haket, vs, vs Ulean Aroza. Cashworthy Tan Almedea VS Anton Turk Calge Middle Weet Tui Ladlin VS Jamie Pitket Gerry vs Chris Barnet, a pair before the Flat -Van Nor, Mont, Mont, VS Daniel Volve, Bantam, Vetchadan Hyger VS. Yeali Ala Teng, Strawut Women, Melisa, Martinez vs Elis, Elis, Welter Week, Weeks VS, Yoan Linesse for UFC 279: Chimaev vs. Diaz will compete at the arena T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas, United States of America. This Sunday, September 11, the main partner starts at 09:00 hrs. In Thailand, Thai boxing fans can follow on True Sports HD3 (668). And UFC Fight Pass https://www.ufc.com/event/ufc-279
no problem!Thai women volleyball smashing the Philippines 3-0, opening the head of ASEAN Grande Prix 2022|The 2nd ASEAN Grande Prix Volleyball Competition at Gymnasium Chart Chart Chalermprakiet Stadium, 80 years, Nakhon Ratchasima, on September 9, this program has 4 nations participating in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines. Start down the field Filipino national team This pair meets the latest in the AVC Cup 2022 round 8, the final team that the Philippines hosts But Thai girls beat 3-1 today. "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwatcharamethakul sent the first 6 players, consisting of Pornphan Kerd, the team of the team, Wiphawee Sri Thong, Sasipaporn Chantawit, Watchariya. Nuancham, Kaew Kalaya Kamul Thala, Pimphichaya Gulm and Mee Piyanuch Pae Noi is an independent player. The Thai young lady's army does not disappoint the supporters. When the slap is not difficult to overcome 3-0 sets with a score of 25-17, 25-22 and 25-12, starting a great victory for the next match. The Thai national team will meet with the Indonesian national team. On Saturday 10 September at 18:00, broadcast on Channel One31.
Worthwhile experience!"GULF and Buriram" take 4 youth, train football, samurai|Gulf Football Camp project, charging, dreaming of youth players Which is a collaboration between the two football partners, Buriram United and Gulf Group, which previously opened the selection of 4 -year -old youth players to practice football in Japan. With the latest Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo Sapporo Club, 4 players that have been selected, consisting of Mr. Setthawut Saeng, Mr. Chanasit Saengsri, Ms. Itthichet Naka , Master Phattharaphon Sriphon Nok traveled to gain football experience. Along with opening the world in football And has returned to Thailand already. All 4 youth players have participated in the academy of the Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo Club, Japan. As well as watching the training of the Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo, a large set of Thai players such as Supachok Sanchart. It can be said that he can experience the aura of professional players closely. In addition, the children also cheered. And encouraged Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo to play the J.League The best league in Asia Which opened the Sapporo Dome, chasing after defeating Serezo Ozaka 2-1, with the goal of Suphachok Sarachart to Ryota Aoki as well.
Unlock!BG Pathum United opens the house, slaughtering Lamphun Warrior 1-0|The Handrax Revo Thai League 2022-23 on September 9, 2022 at the BG Stadium "The Rabbit" BG Pathum United on the 3rd match of the visit season of "Rachan. White cocoa "Lamphun Warrior started the first half of the game. The 8th minute was the visitor in the red dress that greet first from Jeff French Suarez's far away. With the left hand out beautifully, the 30th minute, BG PU, has hoped to score a goal from Sarach Yu Yen and Theerasil Dang Da before being Worachitkanit Sri Bampen That has tried to shoot far from the penalty area But the ball is still straight, the goalkeeper Of the visiting team at the 39th minute, BG Pathum United changed the player by sending Abhisit Sorada to play on behalf of the United States, Pongsuwan, 44, Worachitkanit Srisit, the ball sign for Thirasil Dang Da to shoot with the left in the area. The penalty area, but the syndrome is still able to leave the defense. The first half of the time is tied at the score. 0-0, starting the second half, 46 minutes, BG Pathum United, changed the player by sending Chakkhaprai Suwan and Diego Louis Santo to play instead of Worachit Kanthit Srisphen and Peace. Pathum United changed the player by sending the Coronation of Thongkiri to play instead of Theerasil Daeng Dura, 72, Abhisit Sorada opened the ball from the left to the Pathom Charoen Rattanaphirom. Waiting for a long-distance pole, scorching to score "The Rabbit", leading 1-0 in 77 minutes, Pathom Phon Charoen Rattanaphirom Football betting through the channel for Iksan Fanie to fall out alone, but still unable to overcome the symbol of the 88th minute. Rattanaphirom, 89th minute, Ikzan Fany put the ball down to the right. Before moving into the middle of Charoen Sak Wongkorn, he finished the score, but luck was not on the side. The ball hit the first pillars unfortunately, then there was no more goal. The game BG Pathum United beat Lamphun Warrior 1-0 to collect the first three points of the season. "In the Hilux Revo, Thai League 2022-23, received the visit of "Sing Harbor" Port Authority FC on Wednesday 14 September 2022 at BG Stadium.
Wait to follow!One and the Army confirms the cooperation of One Lumpini.|This morning (9 Sep 65) "Mr. Chatree Sitthong", founder, president and CEO, "Mr. Jitnat Atsadamongkol", President of one Thailand and "Mr. Prem Busyang Wong "Fair Tex Fighting Executive "Gen. Narongphan Jit Kaew, "Commander in Chief of the Army, along with the group at the Army Headquarters Ratchadamnoen Nok Road To strengthen the relationship and confirm the project cooperation "One Lumpinee (Lumpini)" before the official press conference on Monday 12 September. Phan Jit Kaew, confirms the Army Fully open the green light, support One Lumpinee under the same policy. Is to push Muay Thai to advance to world class standards With the potential of One as the largest fighting media organization in the world There are a variety of fighting sports, including Muay Thai to the audience of more than 150 countries, as shown today. One Lumpinee also has a policy to be a cooperation center during promoter, the head of the faculty and boxers from all over Thailand. To help create a new standard for the Thai boxing industry And continue to grow together
The ultimate "5 shooting star" in the 21st century|In the 21st century (since 2001 onwards), there were not many footballers scoring a landslide. But there is only one part that is currently trading in the leading league in Europe like La Liga. Spain when bringing the number of goals that can be done throughout being a professional footballer. Both the club level And the big national team come together Players with the top 5 goals scored 2,050 goals, Robert Levandovski (593 goals), the new striker of Barcelona has scored 5 goals in This season is the leader of the goalscoring with Yoso Aspast's Bigo and the latest in the middle of last week. Just made a hat -trick in the UEFA Champions League, scored with 5 clubs that have been played from the past to the present, Levandovski at the age of 34, 517 goals, plus 76 goals that shoot for the team. The Poland nation, totaling 593 goals, 2nd goal, Karim Benzema (430 goals), the 35 -year -old shooting star of Real Madrid shot in La Liga this season, 3 goals, but unfortunately injured in the Champions League game. Will lose the right to play for the club and the national team From the rest of the program in September, Bensema played for 2 clubs for the entire life of both the Olympic Lyon in France and Real Madrid, with 393 goals, plus 37 goals. 430 goals, ranked 3rd, Edinson Cavani (418 goals), the new 35-year-old Valencia's center, used to play with Plermo, Napoli, Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester. United made 360 ​​goals plus Uruguay 58 goals, a total of 418 goals, 4th goal, Radamol Falcao (336 goals). The 36 -year -old shooting star has moved to Rayo Bayano team since last season. You can do 6 goals when taking 301 goals from 8 clubs, plus 35 goals in Colombia, resulting in a total of 336 goals, ranked 5, Antoine Greece (273 goals), 31 -year -old striker. Just scored 1 goal for Atletico Madrid in the European game in the middle of last week. It is the 231 goal with playing for 3 clubs, plus 42 -door national teams, a total of 273 goals, while the top 5 seconds consist of Alvaro Nerne Godiz (250 national teams 10). , Yako Aspas of Celta Big (210 national clubs 6), Girona's Christian Studa (2017 national team), Alvaro Morata of Madrid (183 national team 26) and Barrier's Garcard Mooreo (162 national team 5)
Can't continue to continue!"Natnitcha -On", former 10 hand chickens, announced hanging rackers (pictures)|"Nat" Nicha Onchinda Phon, a Thai female badminton player Officially announced hanging in a badminton rack After fighting injuries for over 2 years, with a new role in being a coach with the Badminton Association of Thailand. The 31 -year -old girl who is currently holding the 52 hand in the world and has climbed up to the 10th hand in the world. In April 2018, it was announced via Instagram Nat_nitchaon, requesting to end 22 years of badminton athletes, with the main cause of shoulder injuries. Found since 2020 and have to fight for more than 2 years, however Girls from Phuket will continue to stay with badminton. As a trainer of the Badminton Association of Thailand After receiving the opportunity from Khun Phat Malee Sawatrakul President of the Badminton Association of Thailand And the Badminton Association of Thailand, with the details that Natnitcha -On posted on her IG is as follows .. "And and today arrived ... with the pain of the pain that Nat had to fight with it for two years. The injury was something that athletes didn't like. But was unable to run away from it in 2020, the year that Nat had to fight with the injury As well as having to fight with other competitors on the field, meeting with competitors in the competition We know that we have the opportunity to win. But with the injury Nat fought until he felt that we had to do something to overcome it. Will be with the sport that we love like badminton And the only way to do is The shoulder surgery is the most worried, not surgery. But it is the age that we have to undergo surgery Rehabilitation requires 1 year to return to complete hundreds and return to the competition field with a increasing age. Returning to intense competition Must use strength and fitness It is difficult for the goal we have hoped for. That he wanted to succeed in his life as a professional badminton 22 The year that Nat walked this route. There are happiness, disappointment, success as we hope. All of this thing, Nat wants to thank the family, parents, the first major power that has been supported from the first day until now. Thank you to all the trainers since learning to play in Phuket. Until arriving at the BG Sports Club, Royal Star, causing Nat to be in the national team as he had dreamed of and that was not lacking. Lee Sawattrakul President of the Badminton Association of Thailand And the Badminton Association of Thailand Who take care of everything both in and off the field very well and would like to thank you again for Khunying Pattama Lee Sawattrakul President of the Badminton Association of Thailand And the Badminton Association of Thailand Saw Nat's potential In the beginning of the path in another role with love Is to be a trainer of the Badminton Association of Thailand. The beginning of this new role Nat is ready to be determined and developed himself, not different from the role of being an athlete in the past. And hope to use the experience that has Convey to the children to continue to success in the future. #Coach Pee Nat #Thank you for all the pictures from the cameraman. Thank you for all the sponsors who have worked together. "For Nicha -Onchindapol's past work, won the single female championship. In the Yonex Canada Open, 2013, in the Thai national team badminton team The female team that won the gold medal in the SEA Games 4 times, including the 30th female bronze medal in the SEA Games, and also received the Silver Medal of the Asian Games 2010 with the 2018 Asian Games Copper Medal 2018.
Analyze the guidelines for making the team of "Potter", the new Chelsea coach [OPINION]|Considered as shocking news in the past week. The Chelsea board that decided to release the lightning, chasing Thomas Tubok, the coach of the Gaulle, who had led the team to win the European championship in 2021 due to the work of the club did not meet the target at the beginning of last season. The past is the past To be ranting, it would not be able to get anything. Because only one day after that Sing Blues launched a new big boss, Greham Potter, to sit in the next manager's chair. Had to move forward, both tears, that the route of the British manager team began his career and controlled Oscar Sun The famous team in the Swedish league in 2011, at that time, was still played in the country's 3 levels, which in one season were able to successfully promoted the 2nd class to play in Division and was able to go up to the highest league last year. 2016 until 2018, the opportunity with the English football arrived and was Swansea City, at that time, the football was in The Championship, managed to grab the team. Which the work is not good, not bad Take the team to finish 10 But then, during the summer 2019, Brighton and Hoff Albean, who had just separated from Chris Humon, came to control the team in the highest league for the first time. From that day to the present, the Potter has laid the foundation until the productivity of the seagulls are divided into bloom in this season. With the 4th best work in the table, but Chelsea was hovering in the final philosophy of Potter, as many people know that This person has a quite modern team -control style, focusing on the attacking game, focusing on the football, has a variety of beautiful, and most importantly, a coach that has used the 3 -center way since the new team. In the Swedish league as well Which may be the advantage because the Chelsea players that are quite familiar with this system can adjust quickly. In the attacking game plan, it will use 2 wingbacks on the left-right to fill the game. Here he will work with a familiar hand like Mark Kurai, who wakes up with his hand again. While the midfield and the striker are quite flexible Can play all the pages, 3, middle, 2 or middle 3 pages, 2 pages, even page 1, middle 4 are often seen Which depends on the situation and adapt as appropriate. The center is the key to the heart, although Brighton has to lose 3 main strengths during the summer, both Eve Sopsuma, Mark Kuraya and Neil Moper But the Potter can switch positions within the team to be able to replace properly and perfectly. Leanroszard and Sulli Marsh were moved to be a wingback and retreat. Sturry came to be a good game mold. Playmaker Waiting for the ball in the middle of the field, with Pascal Graphs and Mooycezido as a box tubx. Run up and down, coordinate, fill the attack and receive While also allowing Adam Lallana and the music video to come down during the central package and when able to control both the rhythm Wingback on both sides is almost free to fill the game. Although it is not a good position of both Marsh and Trosard, with the perfect system Causing their work to stand out from the addition of frequent penalties This seems to be a cool wood that makes their games so smooth that they can score a substantial point in the past 6 games. The game that does not need to be like anyone while the big team has a trend to create games from The front of the door Will not open the ball long from the back to the face But will gradually take the ball off the ball short Up from the goalkeeper to the defender After passing through the middle In the middle of the face But not for the power because from the beginning of the new season The Nang Nuan is a team with the opening rate of the 4th long football. To this time, which is 60% of the entire passing, but .. how to open it to be effective. This is an important issue. The trick is to set the game from the defender, which 4 coordinates, both Luis Dang, Jo Aelve, Man, the web site and the Mac Allister who has retreated to pick up the ball. Standing as a Diamond Chet in his own territory, looking for friends and ball The higher the competitors, squeezed and opened the area in the back. Which other midfielder, especially the wingback on both sides, will alternate in front of the free space But if it is a situation where competitors borrow zones They can also connect the ball shorter, as well as the popular printing style. The defensive game starts from the enemy. As we see, Brighton this season is usually starting from the territory of competitors. But they do not use the running mask to chase the same as many teams like to do. They will use the method of standing in the zone in the enemy. Which depends on how high it will stand depending on the situation Without the need to chase from the penalty area But everyone will close their own area If the competitors enter the area, then go to the opposite and chase the pressure. That makes the competitors trying to get up the game from the back. But this type of defense may have a weakness with the team that is long, accurate and has a good football in the front. Like they were attacked by Fulham, it was interesting that the philosophy of the Potter that has been analyzed can be adapted to the blue lion. Which may take time and watch each other for a long time The first victim of the new manager will be a Red Bull Salzburg next week. After this Saturday-Sunday league game, they have to invade to visit Fulam, it would be hoped for how well the Blues Lion's rescuers will open their heads. But I can say that Tubelle has created quite high standards, and of course, the Potter himself will be compared to be compared. However, in the world of football The work is every indicator. As long as he can win the team How heavy will be criticized? There is no problem.
You are light!"Stam" warns "Martinez", do not harsh|Former Manchester United's defender, warned the juniors like Lisan Drophrathinez to reduce some fierce and focus on the confrontation of the opponent. Argentine is considered a player who came to help upgrade the game of the Red Devils team. Until it made them a great job in the Premier League by collecting victory in the last 4 games. Real Soci has been close with the score 0-1. After the game, Stam gave an interview to the local media about the form of the Red Devils team's defender, "In the game, he looks very aggressive. But sometimes he focuses He should be careful of the opponents. Do not be spinning the head or play too harsh. "" But that's what you have learned from playing in the Premier League. And meeting with the big team Which is full of better players than he had met at the Netherlands And this is what he has to use, "said Stum.
"3 Gabriel Cannon" dropped out!Brazil revealed the name 26, the 2 warm -up sets at the end of this month.|Titte, Brazil national team manager Announced the list of 26 warlords to meet the warm -up games that will meet with Ghana and Tounisia on the 23rd and 27 September, which is the most surprising, without a 3 -star name from Arsenal, who has done well with the agency, both Gabriel. Margar Garden, Gabriel Martinelle and Gabriel Chestus are attached to the team this time. This team has a new football player that has never been in the national team, even 2 games, consisting of Glezon Bermer defender from Juventus and Roger Ibnaz, the defender after Roma. 26 The Brazil national team is as follows: Goalkeeper: Alison Baker (Liverpool) / Aden Son (Manchester City) / Weineon (Palmirus) Defender: Alex Sandro (Juventus), Alex Telles (Sevilla), Glezon Bermer (Juventus), Danilo (Juventus), Aden Mili Tab (Real Madrid), Roger Ibnaz (Roma), Marquinon (Paris Saint Germain), Tiago Silva (Chelsea) midfielder: Bruno Ki Mary (Newcastle), Gazemiro (Manchester United), Ewaree Robo (Flamengco), Fabinho (Liverpool), Fred (Man Chester United), Lucas Paketa (West Ham) striker: Antoni (Manchester United), Roberto Firmino (Liverpool), Mass Kun. Ya (Atletico Madrid), Neymar (Paris Saint-Germain), Pedro (Flamengco), Rafinya (Barcelona), Richar Lizon. (Tottenham Hotspur), Rod Rico (Real Madrid), Vinicheus Junior (Real Madrid)
Far, but my heart misses!The latest post of "Lee D-Yong" to the important day of the Korean people (pictures)|After becoming a negative news for more than 1 and a half years until the future, the future of professional volleyball on the birthplace for "Twin" E D-Yong and Lee Jae-Yong, South Korean rubber superstar. Until having to move to the PA OK Tesosoliki in the Volleyball League in Greece Since October last year, however The contract with the club in the league has completely expired. And causing both to travel again to find the agency to play before the latest Eda-Young will launch to join the Rapid Bukrert team, volleyball club In the Romanian league with a 1 year contract. Due to the problem of injury, the latest Eda-Yong, a 25-year-old set, decided to overcome the trend, come back to open the new Instagram account LEEDA__Y earlier this year. Have posted himself in a formal dress Like in front of a restaurant or a bar With Korean captions translated into Thai that "Happy Day Chu Sok I enjoy it Even though it is far away. "For the day of Chu Sok is the thanks day of the Korean people or the Chuseok (Harvest Festival) is one of the most important traditions of the year according to the beliefs received from the past to the present. Most Korean people are heading back to their hometowns and their families. Jointly share food and dance to the ancestors in the same time.
Open the talisman dungeon"The King killed not to die." Nong Oh, a five -star grilled chicken.|Regarded as personal beliefs For talismans and sacred things that fighting athletes In particular, Thai boxers must have to have to wake up the morale of the arena for "Nong Oh, the five -star grilled chicken", the owner of the "King killed without death". With a magical body that must be carried with all the fights that fight both at home and abroad As well as the latest defense battle with "Liam Harrison", which has opened a personal talisman through his own YouTube channel named Nong O Channel1. The Thai flag because of being Thai in the blood of Nong O Will carry the Thai flag with you all the time In order to see him using the flag to cover his shoulder to declare the potential Thai blood fighters in every fight 2. Mongkol Muay Thai Is a amulet that wears a boxer's head when fighting For the prosperity and the danger of danger by Nong Oh, there is a lovely wife who knit for hands The front of the auspicious There is a tin wrapped in turmeric, consecrated from the teacher that Nong Oh respected. He revealed that wearing this auspicious before fighting many fights and won every fight. 3. Turmeric, widow, Nong Received turmeric, widow, consecrated from a respected great great -grandfather It was the last version of the Turmeric before he died. Oh, often divided this turmeric to eat before eating according to the belief that it would help the skin to be sticky, not hurt from the fight. 4. Reverend Grandfather Lu Phu Money, Nong Oh Worship the replica of Luang Pu Lub Phu Ngern from Tham Chandrakas Temple, Ban Phue District, Udon Thani Province, which is usually set above the head of the bed. And when he had to fight, he would invite him to carry it as well. Will hang the necklace of 2 Buddha amulet on the body on a regular basis, namely Reverend Grandfather Lup Phu Ngern and Luang Pu Nak, Tham Chandarakas Temple Referred to as hanging around for 10 years, with a teacher that he believed and very respectable. This is just a part of the talisman. The King killed without death. What are other good things? Fans can follow the YouTube channel of "Nong Oh" and follow the progress of his next competition program on Facebook One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc.com.
This is clear!Media"Wan-Bissaka" has run out of the future with Manchester United.|Delhi Express the famous British media believes that Aron Wan-Bizka Back is expensive. The future has been played in the future for Manchester United. After not being given the opportunity in the Europa League game on Thursday night, the 24 -year -old star moved from Crystal Palace with a fee of up to 50 million pounds 2 years ago and was able to seize the real position. In the team of Olekunnar Solchars continuously But after Eric Ten Hak was appointed as a new manager in the past summer, he had to come out as a backup since the opening of the new season. The Dutch manager intends to cut the name of Wan-Bissaka out of the team because they are not in his long-term team plan. Causing the person to not be given the opportunity to play in the Premier League 6 matches in the past. However It is clear that This half-British-Congo player has almost run out of the future with Manchester United because in the Europa League game on Thursday night. This football has not been given the opportunity to play again, even with the name as a backup. In that game, Ten Hak sent Doko Dalot to play as Jing in the right -back position. But instead changed Lisan Dor Martinez to the field in the second half Which is not the position that is good at the Argentinian players in any way, while Wan-Bissaka, who had played in this position, was not given the opportunity to the British media that this action was considered a signal that the media To Wan-Bissaka that he will have to find a way to move the team during the upcoming January market, even if lost to Real Society in the first Europa League's first match. United did a great job in the Premier League. By winning 4 matches in a row and only 3 points from the crowd
Must agree!"Klopp" pointed out "Halnd", raising the level of Manchester City during the transition period.|Liverpool manager Yergen Klopp views that Manchester City grabbed Erlinghalan to join the team. Make them become stronger, and have the right to keep the Premier League champion again according to the report from Anfield Watch while the Reds are doing poorly this season. Most recently, defeating Napoli 1-4 in the UEFA Champions League on Wednesday night, Pep Guardiola, the old champion, was showing outstanding form and maintaining the standard. In being a team to win the championship regularly since the opening of the Klopp season Admit that both teams have changed to players quite a bit But it is a City that seems to be more stronger because the Erling Halnd has reinforced in the offensive line, while Liverpool takes time to change. " Is an outstanding player And of course it makes them become stronger. You have to know that Pep thinks about this as much as me. The team must always change. "" We ourselves have a new player and lose one of the players who are regularly (Sadio Mane), which takes time. What happened to City also happened to us. But when you see City's play Saw how they passed the ball into the penalty area Seeing the standing position of Erling is difficult to get a goal. "" But City lost many players and in the period of transition. Maybe even more than us It is one of the successful steps of the team's freshness. They lose the Gabriel Chess and Rahim Sterling, who has played as a real team for many years. Olezander Sinchengo is also Fernan Dinho. Retire or may go back to Brazil Everyone used to be an important person of City. "" But this season is still a long way. While also having the World Cup to separate No one knows what will happen again, "Klopp said.
"Chanathip" hurts!Kawasaki Front Lee opened the nest to attack San Frezse Hiroshima 4-0.|The J.League 1 Japanese Football Competition 2022 Kawasaki Frontale, the 3rd place in the opening table, Todoroki Stadium, received the visit of San Frezse Hiroshima, the second team. Local uses 4-1-2-3 plans. Chanathip Songkrasin is named as a backup, Marzinho, Kei Shinen and Akihiro Ineka are three coordinated in the front. The visiting team came in the 3-4-2-1 system. Hayato Aragi controls the support of the support, Takumu Kawamura and Douglas Vieira hunt down the net. The competition appears that The host bombed the form of a fierce form, defeating 4-0, getting a goal from Akihiro INAga Mao, two minutes 34 and 78, Yasuto Wakisaka, 59 minutes and Kei Shine killed the penalty. 66 minutes. This game, Chanathip was given the opportunity to replace the 90+2 minutes from the victory, making Kawasaki Fronytale increased to 52 points from 27 matches after the crowd Yokoha. Come to F. Marinos, who kick the same 3 points, while Sanfre Fresse Hiroshima has 50 points from 29 matches.
Not disappointed!Thai women volleyball, Indonesia 3-0, Sethasu Grande Prix|The 2nd ASEAN Grande Prix Volleyball Competition at Gymnasium Chart Chart Chalermprakiet Stadium, 80 years, Nakhon Ratchasima, on September 10, this program has 4 nations participating in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines. Enter the second match. The Indonesian national team, with the first match, Thailand won the Philippines 3-0 set, while Indonesia lost to Vietnam 0-3 sets. As for the last 5 matches, the last 5 matches won today. "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwatcharamethakul sent the first 6 players. Consisting of Pornphan Kerdprak, the team captain, Sasipaporn Chantawisut, Watchareeya Nuanjam, Hathayaksuk, Thanatcha Suk Sod, with Piyanuch Pae Noi as an independent competition. The Thai young lady's army does not disappoint the supporters. When it was a slap to overcome 3-0 with a score of 25-22, 25-18 and 25-13, won 2 consecutive matches for the next match will be the last match. Meet the Vietnamese national team To judge the championship On Sunday, September 11 at 18:00, broadcast on Channel One31.
"Automa" beat victory!Chon Buri FC guarding the house, slaughtering PT Prachuap FC 1-0|The Thai League football match 2022/23 Saturday, September 10, 2022, Chon Buri FC, opened Chonburi. UTA Stadium received the visit of PT Prachuap FC "Shark Chon" Chon Buri FC of the coach. Tia "Collecting the 4th rank of the table, with 9 points from 4 matches in the" To the destroyer "PT Prachuap FC of" Coach Joe "Theerasak Pho -On, ranked 6th, collected 6 points from 4 matches of the single goal of This game happened in the 55th minute. Amara can watch the ball in the left penalty area. Before rocking in the right and shooting, sending a long -distance pillar for the shark to win 1-0 The next appointment program on September 17, Chon Buri FC will visit Muang Thong United, while PT Prachuap FC will play in the house to meet BG Pathum United on 18 September.
"Kee Sye" is hurt!Stuttgart invaded Bayern Munich 2-2.|The Bundesliga German Football Competition 2022/23, the 6th match, Bayern Munich, an old champion, which is now ranked 3rd in the opening table of Allianz Aena. Garot, ranked 13. Today, the home team uses 4-4-2 Thomas Muller, Jamal Mousiala, Zerej Karri and Matistel, leading the army in the genre. Penetrate The visiting team came in the 3-5-2 system. Sehru Gi Sen, matching Tiago Thomas, Bornsa Sausa and Sillas Catompa Mumpa make the game. The competition appears that Both teams were equal to 2-2. The southern tigers got a goal from Matistel, the 36th minute and Jamal Mousiala, 60 minutes, and the white horse warlord from Christ Fooh Rich. 57 minutes and Sehru Gi Sensea killed the penalty. 90+2 from the score of this match, Bayern Munich increased to 12 points. The Stuttgart increased to 5 points. Must find the first victory.
"Don Narumma" Hero Safe blame!PSG watched the cave slash 1-0 soar up the crowd.|French football competition 2022/23, the 7th match, Paris Saint-Germain, the second team of the Park Des, the round of the 17th table of the table. Local uses 3-4-1-2 Lionel Messi, Ki Lang Mbappe and Neymar as three coordinating in the offensive line. The visiting team came in the system 5-3-2, Haris Belle, controlled the central Islamic Slimani border, matching Franaurants, hunting. The competition results appeared that The military commander Parisiang was a shouting, narrowly won 1-0 from Neymar's goal in the 30th minute, with the visiting team missing a unfortunately when Islam Slimani killed the penalty to the saf. Burning the host's goalkeeper in the minute 70 from this victory, Paris Saint-Germain has increased to 19 points to the crowd.
"Brozovic" Volley Tung!Inter Milan opens the nest to slash Toro at the end of the game 1-0.|The Italian -Italian Football Football Competition 2022/23, Inter Milan, No. 8, opened the Juzepe Mesza field to visit Toro, the 6th team of the table. Today, the home team uses. Plan 3-5-2 Marcelo Borosovic in the middle of Edin Chet Cheko, matching Lau Taro Martinez, the visiting team in 3-4-2-1 Nicola. Valasic, Damba Sex and Antonio Sanbaria led the army in the offensive line. Khun Pang, the big shout, won 1-0, got a goal from Marcelo Borosovic in the 89th minute. From this victory, Inter Milan has increased to 12 points, while Torino has 10 points as before.
Hey, 4 games, get stuck!Barcelona form, attacking Kadis 4-0, collecting overtaking points|The Spanish La Liga football match between Kadis opened the house with Barcelona at the Estadio Nuei Miran Dijia Stadium. On Saturday night, September 10, the game has started for 10 minutes. Almost got the door to lead Gabi to pay through the channel for Rafinya to chop the ball into the pillars to come into Fernaters repeatedly, but still not passing the Hermes Lema's hand. The 35th location "Azul Kranga" almost once again. Ek Torbyrin plays the ball to the far pole to the Memphis de Pai runs to beat, but the ball dropped past the back of the door. The first half is still equal. 0-0 in the second minute, the 55th minute, the visiting team wading through Rafinya, stabbed through the back to the latter line before opening the slap back for Fengie de Young Tung, the Barcelona net released 1- 0 at 65 Barcelona escape 2-0. Rafinya dropped to the back line before opening the penalty area. Mikey repeatedly, there is no 83 minutes left. The game has to stop for more than 40 minutes because a football fan on the stands are unconscious. Causing the medical team to speed up life The judges then decided to let both players go back to the dressing room before coming back to compete again. The 86th minute, the visiting team is still strong, Robert Lewandovski took the ball into the penalty area before flowing. Zu Fatis washed out. Barcelona left 3-0 in the injury. 90+2 "Azulgrana" invaded Robert Lewandovski through the center for Usman. Dambele dragged into the penalty area before shooting the pole into the door to Barcelona. 4-0 away. Barcelona attacking the 4-0 in Kadis. Temporary flocks with 13 points, but more than 1 game of the players of both teams (4-2-3-1): Here Mia Sema-Josebasal Dua , Louis Aerendez, Mamee, Espyo -Alex Fernandez, Fedez -Evan -Aleho, Ju Benzoboro , Brian Okumpo - Lukus Perez Barcelona (4-3-3): Mark Andre Schgene - Ek Torbeyrin, Ronald Ah, Ho Ho, Kerrd Pke, Alekan Dor Balde -Fengki de Yong, Sergio Buskets, Pablo Gabi -Rafinya, Memphisde. Pai, Fern Torres
Minutes of life!"Mr. Dan Kaz" ran to pick up the heart stimulus to save football fans on the field (clip)|Became a big news all over the world for the incident in the Spanish La Liga football game between Kadis and Barcelona at the Estadio Nuo Miran Diya Stadium on Saturday night 10 September. In the past, at the end of the game, the 83rd minute occurred unexpectedly on the stands. When a football fan is unconscious due to heart condition Causing football fans to try to help the game to temporarily stop After the players and the referee saw the said abnormalities In the midst of confusion And panic about the incident, Conan Lay Dema, the host goalkeeper Solve the problem consciously by running to the arches of the alternate sitting to find a life assistant. Before Barcelona's medical team Will pick up the medical equipment to the runner of the AED stimulator to throw the football fans at the scene of the game, have to stop for a long time until The judges decided to allow both teams to go back to the dressing room first. In the midst of praying for everything After more than 40 minutes, the medical team was able to save the said football fans before being taken to the hospital while the competition game continued to compete. -4 But the admiration of The 29 -year -old Argentina goalkeeper was truly regarded as a hero in this game.
Thai vs Vietnam: ASEAN Grande Prix Volleyball 2022, Statistics, Live broadcast|The 2nd female volleyball competition "ASEAN Grande Prix" is back to compete again. Which was held in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand, between 9-11 September. "Thai girl slap, the 14th team in the world that has won two games in a row. Will enter the final game The Vietnamese national team, the 84th team in the world, has won two matches as well. Making this game like the final match game immediately, which all the work in the past "Thai female tires" are much superior to meet 12 times since 2013. "Slap Dan Siam" can beat all every time. We try to see the last 5 games that both teams met Head To Head 5 times. The last 5 times: Thailand won 5, Vietnam won 029 August 2022: Thailand won Vietnam 3-0 set (AVC Cup) 22. May 2022: Thailand won Vietnam 3-0 set (SEA Games) May 17, 2022: Vietnam losing 1-3 sets (SEA Games) 9 December 2019: Thailand won Vietnam 3-0 set (SEA Games) 7 December 2019: Thailand won Vietnam 3- 0 set (SEA Games) for Thai national women's volleyball team There is a program on the field to meet Vietnamese national team On Sunday, September 11, 2022 at 18.00 hrs. Fans can watch live broadcast on One31 and online.
Shine in Thailand!"Michel Kua Light", a young lady slapper Dan Pins as usual (picture)|Having said that, she received the attention of the fans. Thai people are very much for Michel Kuma, the young lady's number 7 of the Philippines in the Women's Volleyball "ASEAN Grande Prix" in Nakhon Ratchasima. Thailand, with a 30 -year -old pillar, in addition to her work, is outstanding with her face and shape. In addition, her degree must say that it is unusual when you have won the 2nd runner -up position, the Filipino Miss Universal contest 2020, which, with playing in our country, this time she opened her heart that she likes Thai food very much. Especially the Thai Pad Thai Mango and Mango Sticky Rice Importantly, she loves shopping very much. Her favorite place is Platinum Fashion Mall, Pratunam. At the same time, she also opened up the differences in Volleyball And the beauty pageant that is much harder because it is necessary to use the body, both practicing and competing, but the beauty pageant is also very difficult for Michel Kua. In Geson Famous as a fireworks from participating in the Big Brother in 2014. Then began the beauty pageant to grab the position of Binibining Pilipinas 2018, as well as the final 15 people. The Miss Global 2018 before grabbing the 2nd runner -up position. The Philippines 2020, in terms of sports She plays in the position of the pole. Had been a MVP position up to 5 times last season to play for the Cool Cream Cream, the club in his hometown Take the team to win the league Before the name of the national team in the AVC Cup and ASEAN Grande Prix
This one is real!The famous guru saw Liverpool snatched the rising star Barcelona in the next market.|Kevin Cambell, former Arsenal striker Currently, accepting work about being a football guru to support Liverpool to grab the Gabi to join the team after the rumors came out a few days ago, according to the report from the Inider as the news stated that Yer Klopp and the team are still interested in Barcelona's rising star and closely monitoring the situation. It is possible that they will submit an offer in January. While the players' contract will expire next season and there is no new contract to renew the contract. Said that he was pleased that Liverpool had news with this player And very agreeing if they decide to submit a proposal to grab the team "Kabi Is a great young player. One person, he has a technical talent and knows how to score If he has his name in the trading market It is believed that there will be at least 2-3 teams that are definitely interested. "" He is a great player and is a person who will raise Liverpool and he can still play for the team for 5-10 years. I hope that Liverpool will move forward to grab him for him to move the team in the trading market, "Cambell said.
Spread 23 Thai national football team U20, go through the Asian Championship Qualifier|Football Association of Thailand In the royal patronage, the Thai national team was sent. Under the age of 20 years, participate in the AFC U20 Asian Cup Uzbekistan 2023, Salbador Balero Garcia, Head of Training Therefore announced the list of the last 23 players to travel to Oman To prepare for the competition during 14-18 September 2022, with all 23 athletes having the following names 1. Narongsak Wongsa (STK Mueang Non FC) 2. Yannu Nusbam (Young Boy Burn) 3. Ronanthayom (Muang Thong United) 4. Kawin Chansri (Assumption United) 5 United) 8. Thawatchai Ocharas (Nong Bua Phichay FC) 9. Phuwa Netthongkui (Nakhon Pathom United) 10. Winai Iam Od (Kasetsart FC) 11. Jiraphat Phumarin (FSV Frankfurt) 12. Thanawat Sai Phet (Custom United) 13. Samut Honey War (Polis Tero FC) 14. Warit Chusong (BG Pathum United) 15. (Chon Buri FC) 16. Thanakrit Lala (Phitsanulok FC) 17. Thanawut Pho Chai (Nong Bua Phichay FC) 18. Kasidis Kalasin (Chonburi FC) 19. Krirk General Barum (Pattaya Dolphins United) 20. Kasidadej Rungkit Wattananukul (Assumption United) 21. Phattharaphon Sueksakit (Sukhothai FC) 22. Peeranan Lotus (Nong Bua Pichay FC) 23. Krishna Phumarin (FSV Frankfurt) for the Thai national team U20 will travel to Oman on September 11, which will travel from Suvarnabhumi International Airport at 20. 40 hrs. For the Thai national football team, under the age of 20, there is a program for the Asian Football Championship, the qualifying round of not over 20 years in the city of Salah, Oman, with the following programs. The Thai national team found Afghanistan at the Alsadah Sport Complex on September 14, 2022 at 20.00 hrs. In Thailand, the Philippines found the Thai national team at Alsadah Sport Complex on 16 September 2022 at 23.45 hrs. Time Thai national team meets Oman at the Alsadah Sport Complex on 18 September 2022 at 23.45 hrs.
There is a hidden story!"Gary" pointed out that Manchester United grabbed "Casemiro" to join the army.|The famous Gary Neville Guru of Sky Sport believes that the decision to buy Casemiro of Manchester United, the 13th Premier League champions, were not in their summer reinforcement plans since First, the 30 -year -old football moved from Real Madrid with a fee of up to 60 million pounds after the Red Devils team had to miss Fengie de Yong from Barcelona when the summer market trading at Passing past Just released the official official in the color of the Red Devils in the UEFA Europa League game to meet Real Society in the middle of the week. But was unable to show the form of helping the team to escape from defeat. Gelser, who owns the team only. "Manchester United wants to spend about 130-140 million pounds, but in the end, they pay up to 230 million pounds. "When there are many problems And began to protest They will spend money. And try to satisfy the football fans Which in general, this is called The panic purchase. " It's not a plan from the beginning that was placed in the summer. This is only the spending that they need to do, "Neville said.
Beautiful scenery!Running Border Trail Run Ta Phraya "following the Thai -Cambodian civilization"|The 1st Army, together with the Sports Authority of Thailand and Sa Kaeo Province Organize a trail in the terrain (Trail Running) in the area of ​​Ta Phraya District, Sa Kaeo Province in response to the Prime Minister's policy. In promoting exercise by running in a beautiful landscape It is also a presentation of the battle area along the border in the past. To appear to the public In order to remember the bravery of the military Until leading to the development of a stable village along the border It also stimulates the economy. Trading and tourism, civilization along the Thai -Cambodian border in the Lieutenant General Suksan, Nong Bua Lang, the 1st general, the opening chairman of the competition. Release athletes And participated in the competition at a distance of 10 kilometers at the release point of Ban Tubtim Siam 03, Thap Thai Subdistrict, Ta Phraya District, Sa Kaeo Province on September 10, 65 at 16.00 hrs. With the Governor of Sa Kaeo Province, Vice President of Sa Kaeo Sports Association, Tourism and Sports, Sa Kaeo Province, Ta Phraya Sheriff, Director of Ban Thap Thai Provincial Police Station And government agencies involved in the area Participate in the opening ceremony and release athletes. Which divides the route into 5 phases. It appears that the 5 kilometer distance of the male champion is belonging to Samanya Tacha to do 17.22 minutes. As for the female Supannee Putthi, the time is 24.52 minutes. The time is 36.35 minutes. As for the female Vimali Thong Petch, the time is 48.27 minutes. The 25 kilometer distance champion of Pairoj Sud Wilai can do time 02.38.06 hrs. 60 kilometers. Chaimongphan Pongthit can do 06.59.04 hours. As for the female Suthinee Rasap, at 08.03.25, the 100 kilometer distance champion falls as a beauty. 21 hours for the purpose of the competition According to the Terrain (Trail Running) in the area of ​​Ta Phraya District, Sa Kaeo Province Is 1. to promote exercise for the general public In order to have complete health Strong. 2. Let the people be informed of the development of the area along the border of Ta Phraya District, Sa Kaeo Province. Which in the past used to be a battle area But now has developed into an area that is important to the border economy Another important place in the country It is also a remembrance of the brave heroism of the military. That protects the country's sovereignty Bring peace and peace to future generations. 3. Stimulate tourism in accordance with the Thai -Cambodian civilization and restore the economic system in the area. After the country is recovering from the spread of Corona virus infection 2019
Nara Chumphon, Southern Championship|Southern Football Championship In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium on September 8, the last 8 teams. Phongsakprapa, 45+2, while the 2nd partner Yala beat Ranong 2-1 from Muhammad Slai Man. 4, Abdul Hafiz waits for the Marsh. 5. Methawin, M.43, while Siriwannawari Field, the first pair of Narathiwat won Phuket 2-1 from the footsteps of Ilhamibra Heng. From Supakorn Hong Chum Phae 70, another Pattani beat Nakhon Si Thammarat 4-0 from the goal of Hazadul Futthah Tue, Rambutan 5, Ritvan Awae Sae, 17,31, identity, Thaprasit Jit Make your own door 72 for the competition program on September 9, semifinals At the Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium at 16.00 hrs. Chumphon meets Narathiwat and a couple. 6:00 pm Pattani met Yala.
Yala slashed Chumphon through the Southern Championship.|Southern Football Championship In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project, "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium on September 9, the first semifinals. Narathiwat beat Chumphon 3-1. From the footsteps of Muha Herrrper, Mata, M. 5, Muad Ferdeau Dor Lor. 57, 66, while Chumphon got from Chirakritdee, Samut, 59, passed the finals successfully. The 2nd pair of Yala beat Pattani 2-0 from the tackles of Nasri Mali. 54 and Riswan Kao, 77. For the competition program on 10 September, the 3rd final match at the stadium. In the middle of Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Organization at 16.00 hrs. Chumphon met Pattani and the Yala final match with Narathiwat at 6:00 pm.
The best Yala football!Won the Southern Championship "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022"|Southern Football Championship In the Great 2 Ocean Sports Expo Project, "Air Sea Land Sports Tourism Festival 2022" at Phatthalung Provincial Administrative Stadium on September 10, the final competition. The 3rd final match, Pattani overtakes Chumphon 2-1, with the goal from Havis Gauge, 80, Mazori Yuzo, 82. Chumphon got a goal from Natthakit Kaewpong, Pongnapong, 35, causing Pattani to grab. Rank 3 with a prize money of 30,000 baht, Chumphon Received a prize money of 10,000 baht. The finals of Narathiwat are always 4-5 penalties at 0-0 in 0-0, causing Yala to win the championship with a prize of 100,000 baht, while Narathiwat receives a prize money of 50,000 baht. Asian Din Link Yala coaches Received the Best Coach Award, Buruwan Ake won the best goalkeeper, while Muad Ferdevador from Narathiwat scored 5 goals, receiving a goalscoring award for the Best player award for Nimu Hamad. Ami Riyarha from the Yala team. In addition, every award Receive the honor cup of Phiphatrat Ratchakit, the Minister of Tourism and Sports, with the closing ceremony being honored by Dr. Natharat Ratchakit To be the president of the closing of the event, along with the Phanphop Un -Siem Reap, the Director of the SAT, Region 4, Payai Chuai, the director of the SAT office, Phatthalung, Dr. Wisit Kanjanaphat, President of the Association Sports Phatthalung Province, Pongsak Suwannaphakdee, Phatthalung Sports Association, Sakanan Nilkatrat, Head of Regional Sports Training Center, SAT, Region 4, Puchong Worasri, MPs Chet 1 Phuea Thai Party, Worathid Weerapong, Permanent Secretary, Pa Payom District, the Executive Committee of the Phatthalung Sports Association
Big match game!"Nevin", P. Buriram, the post like this before meeting Muang Thong|Regarded as a big game in the Thai football industry, no matter when they meet And fierceness never decreased For orbit to meet "Lightning Castle" Buriram United and "Kilin Pho" Muang Thong United in the latest Thai League "Big Ne" Nevin Chidchob, President of Buriram United club, posted a message before the game that both will meet again that "This battle has dignity as a bet. Every competition between Buriram United and Muang Thong United is the color of the Thai League for the past 13 years. "Since Buriram United in the Thai League, the greatness of Muang Thong United has been challenged and has been overwhelmed by many times. It's strange that Buriram United will be the target of the chase of Muang Thong United every year to compete and fiercely. Both before entering the field Every second in the field And after the game ends There must be a clash of love and faith in the team of both fans. This is the color of the Thai League. That, despite how intense fierce, but in another corner, the expel and competition of Buriram United and Muang Thong United create creativity And the development of Thai football in all aspects, including the game, the competition on the field And cheering on the stands Including the creativity of the fans of both teams that brought out to compete in every match Every program that has to face Muang Thong United on the competition field Will be a special competition in the heart of Buriram United fans, one of the normal matches that have never been normal It is one match for Buriram United fans to enter the field to fully cheer up. As if it were a final match Regardless of both teams How much is it in the Thai League score? No matter how close or far, it's not important because once the field is on It is the battle of the dignity of the two teams. This is the charm of Buriram United and Muang Thong United, especially in Arana elephants. That will stimulate the whole city of Buriram And urged all Buriram United fans to keep an eye on the competition Even a second, the 5th game of this season, we have to meet Muang Thong United quite fast, but we are ready to reinforce. And confirmed that we are better teams And able to win everyone Because we know that 3 points today has the meaning to Buriram United fans, Buriram 3 points to fight with all the heart, fight for every breath. For Buriram United, will open the house to meet Muang Thong United at Sanam Chang Aren at 19.00 hrs. : Ais play. Watch live https://m.ais.co.th/brutd
Still not stopping like this!The famous media revealed Manchester United prepare to sign the Colombia national team defender.|"Red Devils" Manchester United, the famous team in the English Premier League, is the news preparing to strengthen the army again. Even in the market of the players closed down From the report of the Daily Mirror, the famous media by Eric Tenhak, the Holland team manager. There is a plan to grab the Santiago Aria, the defender after the Colombia national team. Who is an affiliated player after the contract expires with Atletico Madrid, the former agency in La Liga, Spanish, which, as the rules are still able to move the team because they are free agents, which Dutch Need more options in the right back position After the current Digo Dalt is the main character, while Aaron Wan Bissa is expected to not be in the team's plan and may be released during the January football market for Santiago. Aria, a 30 -year -old defender, is considered an experienced player in Europe. Used to play for Sporting Lisbon, PSV Eindhoen, Att. Madrid, Leverkusen and Granada, who were borrowed in the past season.
Back up just 4 minutes!"Supachok" organized 1 assist Sapporo.|The Japanese J.League football match between "Owl" Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo meets "Steel Cross" Jubilee Iwata at Sapporo Dome on Sunday, September 11, 2022, opening the game. Only 10 minutes the home team is leading out quickly when getting a free kick on the penalty on the right. Akito Fuko Mori is responsible for killing with the left football. shield Fly to the end, but not before the home team led 1-0 and the first goal of Fuko Mori in the league this season. The 22-year-old man moved away 2-0 from the most beautiful. Open the ball from the edge of the line, let Shinzo Korakinlle, one rhythm from the front of the penalty frame, Takaro Kanoko fell into the right frame and then cut the rhythm of Kabriel Savi. The penalty is open, the net is closely. Which is the first goal of the Brazilian star in the J.League season this season as well. 31 minutes Sapporo Chuad has the 3rd ball. Yuto Suzuki tries to clear the ball. But was badly attached to the legs, Chunta Tanaka, bouncing in front of it as a full left Tanaka. Sent the ball But after the judges went to check VAR, not to be the goal because the ball ricocheted the arms of Tanaka before scoring the goal, causing the first half of the Consadole Sapporo, only 2-0 in the second half of Sappo. Roro sent the ball into the goal again from the moment Kim Gun Hee spearhead South Korea. Which came down as a backup football to Gabriel Savi, the left side of the penalty and fell to the pole to Lukus Fernandez, beat with the right, focusing on Riki Muura to save the first rhythm Before being hit by Kim Gun Hee, the net, but in the end, did not get a goal when the signal from VAR informed that the white ginseng striker has been advanced since the first moment. Cardo Kornra, who came down as a backup in the second half, opened the button, hoping to extract the ball, but became plugged into the Ladus Fernandez. Had the opportunity to enter the field in the 85th minute. After that, 90 minutes flowed the ball for Tomokitamine to fall out in the penalty frame and half shot in front of the ball door, ricocheted. Takamine's items made it the 3rd assist of Supachok in the J.League season this season, along with the score that the home team escaped. Only 3-0 is not enough time to test. Okashiwa, the backup fell into the penalty framework, closing the box, Papole Sapporo beat Jubilo Iwata 4-0. Sapporo was rolled out No. 11, increasing the opportunity to survive with the remaining 8 games, while Jubileo sinks after 6 points.
"Mek Ratchakhika-Kamonchanok-Ekkasit-Surasak" up the podium "Toyota Kasurase", Stadium 2, Phuket|Delivered directly to the speed of the speed to the people of Phuket and nearby provinces. Fun in the field 2 of the popular day of the Mechari Automotive Racing "Toyota Kasurase, 2022: Pushing The Limit to Race Your Ambition. "With Mr. Nori Akiyamachita, President of Toyota Motor Thailand Co., Ltd., along with Mr. Surasak Su Thongwan, Deputy Managing Director of Toyota Motor Thailand Company Limited, Mr. Narong Yewli, the provincial governor Phuket Together with the head of government in Phuket And the representative of the Toyota car distributor in Phuket Join the opening of the event between 10-11 September 2022 at Saphan Hin Park. Phuket, with Mary Barinner and Pangpon-Akarawut Mangkhot, along with the racers in the competition in the 4 models, more than 60 speed competitions for the exciting Megrez Day competition. In the form of a street, the beach That all racers are ready to overcome the limit With the power of fighters through the competition to prove the performance of all 4 Toyota cars. In this 2nd field, the racers 1, 2 and 3 from the first stadium have to accept more pressure because according to the rules of the car. Weight increased 30, 20 and 10 kilograms respectively. Start the first model with Yaris One Megrez Eco Car Yod that fans I like fun driving. Effectively cornering This model is competing with 29 vehicles. There are Pangpon Akarawut from the Toyota Racing Star Team No. 10 joining the field, screwing out, squeezing, overtaking, 20 rounds. The results show that the number 1 is the cloud of Ratchaika Kalanthanon No. 98. From the Kaizo Pertamina Nexzter Racing team, No. 2, namely Naras Apiwat, No. 25, from the Nexkart ATP 888Carwash by DT Mortorsport, the 3rd, namely Nipiphanawattananit No. 39 from the PMC52, the 4th place is Phu Ri Phatra Leela. Number 68 from the TMC Drive68 by WootbangBon3 and the 5th, Akijitranuwat No. 9, from the YK Motorsport team, at the Vios Lady One Megrez of the female racers. To satisfy Mary Barinner from Toyota Racing Star Team, No. 192, joined the field, ending the 1st competition, namely Ko-Kamonchanok Bunnar, No. 199 from the Sittipol Group team, the first championship, relying on the coolness to win the championship. To the 2nd place, Piyawadee Pritsarn, No. 135 from the Kaizo Nexzter Pertamina Racing Team by Ruk Service, ranked 3rd, namely Sawitree Kwangkaew, number 138 from the Idemitsu Racing Team Tham team. The 4th ILAND is Sitawi Limnanntharak, No. 193 from the Nexzter Singha Sittipol team and the 5th place, Marie Barinner, number 192 from Toyota Racing Star Team. The number 1 powerful power of the Pickup Pickup is the privilege of the name of Saeng Pha, number 2, ranked 2, namely Arunphong Sririt, number 44 from the Vanguard team, the 3rd place, Pansan Lindhe Det, number 28, only 14 years old from Kaizo team. Nexzter Pertamina by Ruk Service. Send the final wood to the fun of the big race, Corolla Altis GR Sport One Megrez at the field 2, not asking for the same car. The skill and rhythm of the results showed that Surasak Dao Number 19 won the field to win, while the second is Sakchai Visit Watthana No. 46 from the Gulf Oil Thailand by RG46 team, the 3rd place, the B-Quik team. , The 4th place is Witawat Chinnabaramee, number 59, and the 5th place, which is Thipawan Phupu, number 38 from the Toyota Alive Driving Park Mortorsport Thailand. Favorite such as "GR BATTLE DRIFT SHOW", raising the GR family, both Supra, Corolla Altis and Hilux Revo, showing driving performance and controlled by the Champion of the Dee Wan Prix from Japan. Watch the special show from the real team of the 3 -year -old world championship team. Toyota Gazoo Racing Team Thailand Champion Show is dazzled by the tough pickup truck "Hilux Revo Racing Mania." Hilux Revo is so handsome and beautiful! Join the Meet & Greet Toyota Gazoo Racing Star Team with Marie Barinner and Pangpon Akarawut for the "Toyota Gazoo Racing Motorsport 2022" activity. The 3rd field will explode the power at the world -class racetrack at the elephant field. International Circuit, Buriram Province, between 14-16 October 2022, watching the fun and exciting atmosphere. Ready to watch the competition via Live Streaming at www.facebook.com/toyotagazooracingmotorsportthailand.
Switch the fight before the race!"Dias" holds the lock "Ferguson", please give up the 4 battle UFC279|UFC 279: Diaz vs Ferguson this week before the bombing has increased, causing the press conference to cancel halfway. When a chaotic event occurred during a press conference In addition, the fighting partner has to be switched after Kamsat Shima Yev, a fighter from Sweden, who will meet Net Dias, unable to overdoing 8 pounds, resulting in the major partner of the program. The Net Dias of Net Dias, who had to switch to fight with Tony Ferguson in the cashweight model. By fighting these couples, during the first 2 rounds, both of them stood in exchange for their weapons with fun, closely, and almost couldn't see who was superior to the 3rd lifting. Come by being hit by Disa's punch as well. Lift the 4th part. The secondary couple, Kamsat Shimayev, who was adjusted to fight in the cashweight model. And had to fight with Kevin Holland instead, with the results of this pair ending for 2 minutes 13 seconds of the first round. Successfully Beat quickly from the first round, resulting in Shim Yev maintaining unbeatable statistics, while Li Jing Liang, a Chinese fighter, who originally had to meet Tony Ferguson. Meet Daniel Rodriguez instead, with this fight. The pair is close from the first round to the final round before Rodriguez will beat Li Jing Liang. As for the other Asian fighters such as Li Ala Teng, the Chinese murder of Mongols beat the pair of Chadan Hygar, a 35 -year -old Canada in the Bantam Wet version, the official results of the UFC 279. : Diaz vs ferguson, the main partner in the major match - Cashwet Net Dias, won the sub -Mitty Tony Ferguson, 4th, secondary vice -Cashworthy, Satta Shimu Yev wins the liner. Kevin Holland Mission 1, Cashvel Rodriguez, won Li Jing Liang, Bantam, Women, Irene Alda, won TKO Masie. Shizon raised the 3rd model, Light Heavy Vetjehnny Walker won the subtitles, AEON Kutelaba, 1 pair of the Featherweight version. Aroza wins the Hag Mado Wadu, Cashworthy Tan Almedu, wins the subtitles, Anton Turkkalge, 1st model, Middleweight Dentu Lin Lin. Win TKO, Jamie Pitket, 2nd round, Heavy Vetch Barnet, won the TKO Jeke Golier, raised 2 pairs before the Feather Vet Nor version. Come to see the Mont, win the Daniel Volf, Bantam, Weave, Leela Teng, winning the Chadan Hyger, Elis, Eliz Eliz, winning the Melissa score. Valetor Martinez Valetor Wet Yoan Linesse wins Da Da Di to the next program will be a fight in the UFC Fight Night: Sandhagen VS Song. The American fighter and Song Yong Dong, Chinese fighters. There is also the arena of the only female fighter in Thailand, Thai Dolphin, Dolphin. From Brazil in the female strawweight coordinates The battle will be exploded at the arena. UFC APEX Las West, United States of America, Sunday 18, this main partner starts at 09.00 hrs.
Keep victory!"Thai girl volleyball" recorded Vietnam to the ASEAN Grande Prix Championship.|Women's Volleyball competition "ASEAN Grande Prix 2022", the Thai national team meets the Vietnamese national team, the 84th team in the world at the Gymnasium Chartchai Hall, Nakhon Ratchasima, on Sunday, September 11, 2022. This game "Urgent Coach "Danai Sriwacharamethakul Send the first player, consisting of Pornphan Kerdprak, Wiphawee Sri Thong, Hathayaksuk, Atcharaporn Kongyot, Pimphichaya Gul, Tichakon Bunlert and Piyanuch, the first Liboro set. Came out to fight closely However, after the Thai girl can set the game, they tear the 13-9 Thai attacking games. In addition, the blog got the points many times, moved away 20-15 before closing the set, winning 25-19 sets, two early in the game. The game is always fun. 8-8. -12, before maintaining the distance of 21-14, as well as closing the set at 25-17 up, leading 2-0 sets, three Vietnamese sets, solving the game to play firmly, led 8-4, but Thai girls tried to score to chase after First, 16-16, then turn the situation overtaking 20-19 before closing the game to win another 26-24. Victory 3-0 sets "Thai girl slapping army" to win all 3 games and do not lose. Set for competitors to collect 9 full points, win the ASEAN Grand Prix 2022. Which is considered as the 2nd champion of this event
Collect one point!Bangkok stumbled upon the Sukhothai 0-0 but also led the crowd.|The Thai League football competition 2022/2023 between "Bat Bat Fai" Sukhothai FC opens the house with "football" True Bangkok United at Sanam Thale Luang on Sunday, September 11, 2022, starting the game for just 5 minutes. The visiting team immediately attacked and had a chance to win in the decade. Washed away outside the penalty area Swipe out in Chaya Wat Srinawong repeatedly, but Kittiphan Still saving again. The 10th minute, the visiting team is still invading Van Derlouis, the ball dropped into the penalty area before beat, but still attached to the safe. 0-0 entered the second half of the 66th minute. The visiting team woned when Ratchana Aranyapaijiroj, a reserve that just came down. Get the ball in front of the penalty area Before breaking up the full thing that Kittiphan Saen Suk brushed off after the 74th minute. Going into the penalty area before shooting but still do not do well. The ball also went to Michael Fal Case, 77 minutes. Michael Falcs card was difficult to play in front of the penalty area. But the ball hit the pillars. Unfortunately, the 82th minute, Osamano brought the ball up to the penalty area before the limit, but Michael Falcard still rushed out. Then can't do anything more End the game evenly 0-0 List of players in both teams, Sukhothai FC: Kittiphan Saen Suk (GK), Sarawut Kanlayanon Bundit (Leorzio Soda Nor 88), Chakrit Vejphirom (Somkid Chamnan Art 46), Sarongkarn Phromsupha, Piyarat Lajang, Silasri Kampang (Natthawut Charoenbutr, 68), the rights of Chao Chao, Ryoherai, Sarawutthit (Wiras Phatthara Nilburapha, Nor. 79, Por, Chaowasungsakulphon (Anuchit Ngern, Nor. 46), Osaman Sow, True Bangkok United: Michael Falcard (GK), Peeraphat Noo Tachaiya, Eveton Gonzalwess, Suphan Thongsong (Phutthanan Wannasri, 87), Tristongdo, Thitiphan Puangchan (Tasipong Dararak, 87) , Decade Limwan Sathien, Chayawat Srinawong (Ratchana Aranyaphai, Nor. 65), Herry Fernandes (Pakklao Anan, Nor. 65), Mood Dahadhadda (Rongrat Phoom Chantuk N. 65), Vander Louis
Hero 5 games, get stuck!Real Madrid Rua at the end of the game attacks Mayorca 4-1.|The Spanish La Liga football match between "White King" Real Madrid opened the house with the "island people" Mayorca at San Diego Bernabeu on Sunday night, September 11. Opened the game for 14 minutes. The home team had the opportunity from the rhythm of Tony Kros accepted the ball in front of the penalty area before meeting the Chopped Chong with the right from 20 yards. The ball fell out of the pole. The right side of the Pablo Mafo opened the ball to the pole as far as Vedut Muriki, the net, plugged into the net into the maga. Leading 1-0, the injury is 45+3, the home team got the garden. Returning quickly, Fede Rico Walvarden took the ball from himself before dragging the pendant into the penalty area and pressed with the left, the ball jumped into the beautiful triangle. The 72th minute "White King" Walk the game to attack Rod ROCOL to take the penalty area before paying the Vinicheus Junior to come into the net. Real Madrid, the home team, got the goal 3-1. The ball rushed to the net 90+3, the host came to get a free kick, Tony Kroos opened for the second pole for Antonio Rue Digger to fill up the volley with the left, plug in the Real Madrid net. The White King "Real Madrid opens the house, defeating Maga 4-1, collecting three important points. Ready to overtake to seize the crowd successfully by winning 5 games, the players' list of both teams Real Madrid (4-3-3): Tibot Gurkes-Lukus Basket C, Antonio Ruerdier, David Alaba, Fair Klong Menady - Fede Rico Valvede, Danie Se Byss, Tony Kros -Rodrigo S, Aded Azar, Vinicus Junior, Real Theeraka (3-4-2-1): Perakkhovic-Martin Balgeon, Ananio Ryo , Neman Ya Nastachace, Yeme Gosa, Pablo Mafo -Rige Reico Buta, Daniel Rodriguez, Ruiz de Gaal La Rerea -Egang -In, Wedat Muriki
Divide the points!Buriram opens the house according to Chao Muang Thong 1-1 Big Match Thai League|The Thai League football match between "Lightning Castle" Buriram United opened the house with "Kilin Pho" Muang Thong United at the Arana Chang Aria on Sunday 11 September. Opened the game for 10 minutes. The home team had a chance to win first. Sasalak Hai Pranok opened the ball from the left into the penalty area. Goran Kosic tackles the ball to save the Somporn Somporn Yot, the visiting team of the 28th minute. Penalty area Muang Thong Player The ball tackles ricocheted into the head of Jonathan Bolingi before the ball floated out after the 44th minute. The visiting team returned to Henry Ander, opening the ball on the left to the goal to Sardor Mi. The Saudi Foot shot in front of the penalty area of ​​the ball to the goal to Muang Thong United, brought 1-0 with the first half back to play in the second half of the 57th minute. Ball Yoi, after Frank Castaka, Banjong opened the ball to the second pole, Supachai Jai, the ball tackles the ball in the frame, but attached to the Somporn Yotkhon 58. "The Lightning Castle." After the face of Jonathan Bolingi, he tricked the football team to Supanat, as if stretched his feet, shooting the ball. 84 The Lightning Castle that stretched the game at the visitor heavily. Almost got the goal to overtake Narubdin Wirawatnodom, open the ball into the penalty area of ​​the players. The ball tackle the ball into Frank Castaka, ran into the second row, rushed in the door frame, Somporn Yot brushed into Supachai Jai, pulling the ball down before shooting the ball into the goal. But the referee received the signal VAR. Blowing back is advanced, Supachai Jai, the end of the game, Buriram United always opened the house with "Kilin Ob" Muang Thong United 1-1 divided by one team, resulting in "Lightning Castle" moving to 11. 5 scores from the players' names of the players of both teams, Buriram United: Siwarak Metsungnoen (Noppon Drama, Por. 46) (goalkeeper), Sasalak Hai Prakhon (Irefan Don, 59) . Nunsami Rasami 74), Supachai Jaiyak, Jonathan Bolin Ki, Muang Thong United: Somporn Yot (goalkeeper), Suporn Piyaka Catapo (C), Lucas Rocha, Jesper Nee Holm, Wattanakorn Sawat, Drama, Wirathep Pomphan, Eric Johana Omony (Kornwit Thasa, Nor. 90), Picha Utra, Sardner Yef (Theerapon mocking N. 88), Adisak Kraisorn (Parames At Wilai Nor 80), Henry Ander (Wongsakorn Chaiyakul Devin, 80)
Opening the big football Air Sea Land Thailand Championship 2022, 12 years old in Phatthalung|The Air Sea Land Thailand Championship 2022, the 12 -year -old model, officially opened the field on September 11, Siriwannawari, Khuan Khanun District, Phatthalung Province. Kulkarn Secretary of the Ministry of Tourism and Sports, Phanphop Un -Siem, Director of the Office of the SAT Region 4, Dr. Wisit Kanjanaphat, President of Phatthalung Sports Association, Pongsak Suwannapakdee Vice President of Phatthalung Sports Association, Sakanan Nilkarat, Head of Regional Sports Training Center, SAT, Region 4, Puchong Worasri, at the S. Sor Sor Sor 1 candidate, Phuea Thai Party, Worath Retrdweerapong The Permanent Secretary of Pa Phayom District, along with the Phatthalung Sports Association Executive Committee, the atmosphere is bustling. There are more than 2000 players and players. For Football, Air Sea Land Thailand Championship 2022, aged 12 years, with 24 teams from all over the country to participate in the competition. The champion receives a prize money of 30000 baht. The runner -up is 20000 baht. The 3rd rank of 10000 baht. Rank 4, receive 5000 baht. Every team will receive the honor cup from Pipatrat Ratchakit. The certificate as well, and there is also a prize. Best player, goalscoring, excellent coach, excellent goalkeeper More as well The competition will take place on 11-12 September at Siriwannawari Stadium.
"Come on" apologize to the fans of the Lightning Castle, 2 games in the house, can't collect points.|The movement after the Holux Revo Football Game, Thai League 2022/23 on September 11, 65, Buriram United always opened the house with Muang Thong United 1-1, resulting in the Sai Fah Castle with 11 points from the field of 5 matches. Masatha Ishii, the head coach of Buriram United, revealed, "Today, I must say that it is very disappointing that we missed 3 points. Football fans came to see us a lot. There are many opportunities to score our goals. But we are not sharp enough to score goals. "Japanese coach Answer the reporter's question about the cancellation of the score that overtakes 2-1, "I think it should be advanced. However, it has not been seen in detail. Probably have to go back and see what happened at that moment As for the game, today, the first half, we cannot create decisiveness in the final area. Must go back and fix And continue to do the homework. "The reporter asked about the change of the players in this game." Come "revealed that" that we changed Irefandlla on the field because he wanted to go to play as a left -back. We have not chosen to use the new Rattanakami, which I think Irefan Dor is doing well. But the players must change something, especially about the decision. And drive the game by yourself We can see that some rhythms are still considerate of the seniors in the team. "" As for Noppon, the drama, I also have to watch the players as well as Mario Yuhovski of the visiting team admiring the drama. The goalkeeper who plays football to the feet It is very wanted to change the goalkeeper in the middle of the game. But the players can replace the Champion Sivarakthon Sung Noen, it is considered to pass, not just these 2 players, but when practicing the coach itself, they also look at the potential of other players to help each other level. "In addition Masataka Ishi also revealed that "I have to apologize to football fans too. That we play in 2 games, can only be collected by 2 points, not 6 points as we expect It is considered a damaged matter. Must emphasize, apologize to football fans again. "
"Anthony" confirms not changing the style of play.Even being heavily criticized by guru|Anthony, the new star of Manchester United confirmed that he would not change his own play. After being hit by 2 Guru of Sky Sports criticized after the latest Premier League game, according to the club's official report, although the former Ajax wing will start his first goal in an open house to defeat Arsenal. 3-1, but overall, the person could not pass the ball through Olersan Dor Syncheno, the left team, the visiting team While trying to show techniques sometimes, both Jedi Carragher and Garyneville 2 gurus from Sky Sports come out very criticized about this. However, Anthony came out to explain. About his style of playing through the official website of Manchester United, confirming that he will continue to play like this "I always do this. Not just here, but with all the teams that I have played for I have done this since childhood. I always do this It is one of my characters. I am adjusting and familiar with many things here. Creating happiness for the audience is always what I like to do and will continue to do this, "said Brazilian football.
The Thai Futsal is almost knocox at the 8th world before 2-2.|Opening the Great Futsal Futsal Futsantal Futsal Championship Thailand 2022 at the Indoor Stadium Hua Mak on Sunday 11 Sep 65, officially opened the field. "Small Table Elephant", the top 20 Thai Futsal team in the world under the leadership of "Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, the team manager on the first game, Line A. Morocco is number 8 in the world and is the number 1 of Africa. Both teams have just met in the Futsal World 2021 at Lithuania, 1-1 Carlos Sarkun, the Spanish manager of the Thai Futsal team, sent to the first 5 people, consisting of Kathawut Kham Kham. Pasters from, Apiwat Chaemcharoen, Itthichapraphan, Jesada Chuadet and Warut Wang Samal, Hicham Di, Morocco, the veteran, like the team's captain. Leade This game has received the attention of the Thai Futsal fans. The first half of the year. 2 Morocco got the goal before the rhythm of Mohamed Saud Saud Saud from Katawut Han Khampha, the goalkeeper. Thai in the middle of the field Before shooting quickly, the ball went into the pole, but there was still an open-air charts. Morocco brought 1-0 hrs. 5 Futsal fans. From the full pressed ball of Ronnachai lead Wongsuk, the receiving, which is focused outside the box Helping Thailand to follow 1-1 and the score that occurred in the first half, the second half of the game, 29 feet, Thai, overtaking, brought Morocco 2-1 from the full ball of the frame of Itchapraphaphan, the ball rushed in Playing with the Thai Hyan's cheering team immediately. 35 Morog hit 2-2 from the full pressed ball of Fati Abdelatev. End the game, divide the 2-2 "Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, manager. The Thai national futsal team revealed that "It is a fight with dignity. This program is a team preparation before going to the Asian Championship. The team may also try the team to adjust the team and have a new plan, also want Futsal fans to understand our work as well. But all Everyone tries our best. We create happiness for all 70 million Thai sports fans. More importantly, there will be adults and give to the Thai national team to compete in the Continental Futsal Championship Thailand 2022 as well. "As for the results Compete for another pair of Iran's B-B-B-B-B -V and the old champion in the year 2021, winning Finland, ranked 18th world with 2-1 scores, 2 goals from 2 players in the Spanish league, Sara Akapua. And Moslem Kadhobak, 34, and Finland, from Mica Hosio. 28 Contenental Futsal Championship Thailand 2022 Monday 12 Sep 65 at the Indian Stadium Hua Mak First, B -Finn Line meets Vietnam at 17.00 hrs. The two lines of Emorokgo meet Mozambique at 19.30 hrs. The Thai national futsal team will play two directs. Am, 100 baht viewing card, live broadcast, AIS Play
"Sessar" watching a new football player, visiting the game, Morocco 2-2|"Coach Sea" can watch the new football player as planned on the plan. "Big Pomeranian", P. Futsal Thai said is a satisfactory game and Thai players have a great benefit from the game. After the Thai national futsal game, Morocco 2-2 in the "Continental Futsal Championship Thailand 2022" Carlos, the Thai national team coach, revealed that "considered a satisfactory game. As you know, Morocco is the top team of the world in the 8th, with good skills. But our players can do according to the plan with discipline. " "Especially the new players who are called this time are considered to be quite good, whether" Pete "Itthichaprapa, who returned to the national team again, or even" Kong "Atipong Munplai and" Ice "Narongsak invoice, I am very happy that everyone has done well, dare to play and show their potential as hoped." Big Plop "Adisak Ben Siriwan, President of the Futsal Development Thailand said that "It is a game that we have full benefits. Almost all players have the opportunity to enter the field to experience the game and they all do well with Morocco, a team that is a strong team in the world at this time, especially the defensive game of the Thai team that shows. Saw disciplined Although it was a shame that he was hit by the end. But it is considered a great game. "" As well as having to admire the head coach itself, it is considered to be able to use the players thoroughly, allowing everyone to go down to collect the flying hours to further develop. Solchang Asian Championship "The next appointment program, the Thai national team, found the Mozambique national team on 13 September 2022 at 19.30 hrs.
Summary of everything!"Thai women volleyball" won the ASEAN Grande Prix 2022|The 2nd Women's Volleyball Competition "ASEAN Grande Prix" in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand has ended. After the competition in all 4 nations, consisting of Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines and Indonesia to win a prize of 2.5 million baht. Keeping all 3 games in all games and not losing a set for competitors. Throughout the competition, collecting 9 points, winning the ASEAN Grande Prix 2022 to successfully dominate. It is considered as the second champion of the 2nd Thai women's volleyball team in this show, 9 September 2022: winning the Philippines 3-0 set 10 September 2022: Win Indonesia 3-0 set 11 September 2022: Win Vietnam 3-0 set. Summary of the competition ASEAN Grande Prix 20221. Thai (Champion) 2. Vietnam (Vice Champion) 3 Excellent head: Jenit Thitthong (Vietnam), Atcharaporn Kongyot (Thai) Fast Football: Nguyen Thiti Charit (Vietnam), Thichakorn Boonlert (Thai) B behind the top Great: Megawa Han Gesse (Indonesia). Excellent set: Pornphan Kerdpra (Thai), an independent receiver: Kaila Ah Thiansa (Philippines)
Drama at the end of the game!Juventus hit Chao Saurria. 2-2 Serie A Serie A battle.|The Italian Serie A Serie A Football match 6 Sunday night, September 11, between "Zebra" Juventus opened the house to welcome. Sarlarnita Allegri Using a partner as Boruchi and Bremer, with Goa Darado and De Chiho standing back, the right -back is Mirite and Paredes, with McKennie play the right wing. As for the left side, it is the front of the front, giving the opportunity to play with Valahovic, while the visiting team has the captain of Fasio Bancha, the defensive game. The first 45 minutes, because the visiting team led 2-0 before the 18th Antonio Kansderava work and the penalty of Christop Piyon Tek, the 4th half of the 4th minute time. Egg-bounces 51 minutes. When Philip Cross Cross, Bremare, Brazil's defender, plugged in to the team to follow 1-2 zebra, trying to take another child and had a golden opportunity from the penalty. Take the time by Leonardo Bonuchy, shoot the goalkeeper. But the host's defender did not miss Really 2-2 drama games Because of the 5th minute time, Zebra overtaking 3-2 from the Archdi Usmic's work, which Poland's striker celebrated by taking off his shirt, was hit by a yellow card, the second red card was fired from the field, but after that, VA R. would like to check if the advanced rhythm occurs or not and found that Leonardo Bonuchi has to hold the door back, causing Max Allegre to be dissatisfied until cursing and being hit by another red card. In addition, Juan sweep Dado, who was changed before that, was also hit by a red card because of the inappropriate behavior, just like Fede Rico Fasio, the visiting team, who was reddied by the game, Juventus, rival, rivalry, Sarirera 2- 2
The league deal!"Rui Costa", Ben Fica revealed the reason for releasing "Nuz" to Liverpool.|Rui Costa, the president of the Benfica club, came out to talk about the reason they decided to sell Darwin Nuz to Liverpool, a famous team in the Premier League last summer. Drink Managed to grab a 23 -year -old striker with a total of 85.5 million pounds, or about 100 million euros, along with a 6 -year contract, with a preliminary payment of 64.1 million pounds (75 million euros), plus the part that will increase in the future Another 21.3 million pounds (25 million euros). However, with the first form that is uncertain, even though Nu Nz will score a goal immediately in the first Premier League, there is a criticism that the person may be a failure to Yergen Klopp's football market, while Costa gave an interview to the media at home, the cause of the Uruguayan national shooting star from the team, "We are talking about one. Move the highest value team in this round of trading markets. We are still in the range of virus epidemic. Which causes the football market to stop Selling players at the price of 75 million euros with 25 million euros like this, so there is no need to sit and talk. " There is no condition to keep him. It is impossible with the value that the club receives the proposal, including what Darwin has received. "
Saw and stunned!"Romano" revealed the name of the 9 shin, proposed to move the Sob Manchester United Summer in the past.|Fabrisio Romano, Tier 1 journalist, revealed that there are many stars proposed to Manchester United, the Giant of the Premier League for consideration during the summer trading market. The PEPEOPLESPERSON.com website, the Red Devils team organized a new team under the leadership of Eric Tenhak after the failure last season. They invested in the market for over 200 million pounds to pull the leading players like Taiyrel Maladee, Christian Ericsen, Lisan Drophrathinez, Martin Dura. Faga, Casemiro and Anthony joined the team. However, it was revealed that during the last week of the trading market there were 9 famous stars that were nominated for Manchester United to consider before they Got Casemiro and Anthony to join the team in the final curve Romano Revealed the list of those players through the YouTube channel, which consists of Lean Dropades (Paris Saint-Germain), Weston Mackeni (Juventus), Memphis De Pai (Barcelona), Nick Karasco (Atmadid), Christian Pulicic (Chelsea), Zorchino Dest (Barcello Na), Thomas Munier (Dortmund), Moss Chiso (Brighton) and Herwing Lozano (PSV) Italian journalists stated that even though United will receive many offers, but they do not pay attention in any way. Due to the goal of signing the contract with Casemiro and Anthony, 2 players of Real Madrid and Ajax Amsterdam already, both of which have a total value of about 145 million pounds.
Growing up as a girl!"Nong Sugar" from a rising star to the beloved angel (picture)|Considered as another angel, a rider who stepped up to decorate our two -wheeled industry for "Nong Sugar", Chaya Pimthong, a cute little girl in Nakhon Pathom province. That is fascinated with the bicycle sports for over 4 years. The beginning of the 21 -year -old girl decided to exercise because he wanted to have a shapely Which cycling is a great answer to her Due to exercising all parts of the body. It also makes the view on both sides of the road. Have experienced nature in spinning in various places Which is different in each province that she went Allowing us to see her images riding bicycles in various tourist attractions. As for the participation in the competition in various programs She revealed that she wanted to have the opportunity to experience the atmosphere once. But still feel that the physical condition is not ready because it doesn't have much time to practice hard Due to having to work, which now "Nong Sugar" works online Including opening a restaurant named "Kitchen Chang" with a family in Suphan Buri Province For those who want to apply to be a fan club, you can click to follow at IG: Tan_thongkham and FB: Namtan Tan Namtan.
First move!"Tukel" revealed the feeling after being released by Chelsea.|Thomas Tubile, a former manager "Sing Blues", the famous Chelsea team in the English Premier League for the first time. Ever since being released from a lightning position after the game that led the team to lose to Dinamo Zagarb 0-1 in the European football game On Wednesday 7 September, the 49 -year -old trainer has testified to control the team at 18 months and receive a contract compensation of up to 13 million pounds (about 552 million baht) before the club appointment. Graham Potter took the position instead, which after a while, Thomas Tuba came out to open up about the matter that "This is the most difficult message I've ever written. And hope to not have to do it for many years I am very sad that my time and Chelsea have ended. "" This club made me feel like it's like home. Both in terms of privacy And work duties I would like to thank all the teams, players and football fans who welcomed me since the first day. Come to get the job. " And the world club champion Every story will be in my memory forever. I am honored to be part of this club history. And no matter what the future is Memories throughout the 18 months will be in my heart forever. "The German manager cast a long time.
Watch the lottery with the pair!"Thai national team" Duel "Malaysia" the 48th King Cup|On 12 September 2022 at the Chiang Mai Provincial Administrative Organization Council meeting room Chiang Mai Province (Host the competition) held a press conference And the double lottery ceremony The 48th King's Cup football competition at the press conference, with Mr. Prachaphat Sakul, Chiang Mai Governor Presided over the press conference together with Mr. Pichai Lertpong Adisorn Mr. Sor. Chiang Mai Provincial Administrative Organization As the host, Mr. Pasit Suphaphong, Secretary -General of the Football Association of Thailand, "Madam Paeng" Nuanphan Lamsam, the Thai national football team manager, including Mano Polking, Thai national football coach At the same time, there was also a pair of lottery tickets by Mr. Prajaprathisakul, the governor of Chiang Mai. Is the lottery position and Mr. Niwat Kraisutkul, Srinanaporn Public Company Limited, a lottery owner The results of the lottery are as follows: The Thai national team meets the Malaysian national team and the Tranidad and Tobo national team meets the Tikitan national team. All will kick at the 700 -year -old Chiang Mai celebration in Pawit Suphaphong, Secretary -General of the Association. Said: "The 48th King's Cup football competition on 22 and 25 September 2022 is a return after all over the world. A -matches game competition, which corresponds to the FIFA Day calendar Come out to organize competitions in the region In Chiang Mai To stimulate the economy and popularity of football fans in the area and nearby provinces. "" The association invited the leading team to participate in the Malaysian national team. , The national team, Tranid and To Bego, Tikitan national team In order to upgrade and create standards to be accepted at the national and international levels It is also a program that collects world ranking points. Compete with the national team (A), all teams in accordance with the association's policy since 2018 "" The King's Cup football cup Regarded as an important program for Thai people And the Thai national footballer who wants to treat this prestigious cup In Thailand "" on this occasion Wishing all athletes As well as the staff team That has participated in the competition in this program to do the best Bring victory to make a reputation for yourself. And honor to the family "For the 48th King's Cup football competition program, the following: Thursday 22 September 2022 at the 1st pair at 17.30 hrs., Tranidad national team and Tobo, meet the Tikitan national team. 20.30 hrs. The Thai national team met the Malaysian national team at the 700th anniversary of the Thai Rath TV channel, HD32 and AIS Play, Sunday, 25 September 20, 2022, the 3rd rank at 17.30 hrs. The 2nd pair of losing teams at 8:30 pm. The team won the 1st partner. Meet the 2nd pair at the Sompoch Stadium, Chiang Mai 700 years.
"Madam Paeng" confirmed !!!"Chanathip-Supachok" wading down the King "Mimelson" withdrawn because of pain.|"Madam Paeng" Nuanphan Lamsam, the Thai national team manager, confirms Chanathip Songkrasin and Supachok Sarachart, two offensive lines that the Japanese J.League accepted to help the war elephants. The 48th King Cup football cup is for sure. In Chiang Mai, it is definitely under the FIFA Day calendar 22-25 September. Chang Suek Warlok has met the lottery with the other pair of Russia as Tri Nidra and Tobo. Tajikistan by "Madam Paeng" Nuanphan Lamsam as the team manager. Who traveled to attend the press conference and self -gaining lottery to Chiang Mai, gave an interview that "The story of the players from foreign leagues, J (Chanathip Songkrasin), confirmed that it is definitely coming, including the Czech (Supachok Sarachart), of course, but the bad news is Nicolus Mimelson (Obi Odense) was injured by the club, making it unable to join the team this time. " Because during this period, the Thai League still has a competition, must see that Anyone who is most ready is the most complete. "" We will meet anyone. Every team. Malaysia is close to us. Because we often meet, King Cup is the oldest cup in Asia for 54 years. This time, this is a good opportunity to arrange at the Chiang Mai 700 year celebration field. Of course, we want this cup. We will do the full 90 minutes. We play together. The first match met Malaysia. If winning in the second match, we can meet anyone. But friendship is always important. "Madam Paeng ends for the Thai national team to compete as the second pair. Meet the Malaysian national team. In the 48th King's Cup football cup, 22 September 2022 at 8:30 pm at the 700th anniversary of Chiang Mai, the 48th King's Cup football cup program, as follows: Thursday 22 September 2022 700 years of Chiang Mai Sports at 17.30 hrs. (Live broadcast of AIS Play) at 20.30 hrs. The Thai national team meets the Malaysian national team. (Live broadcast on Thairath TV HD32 and AIS Play)
Open the prize money!"Thai girl volleyball" won the ASEAN Grand Prix 2022 (picture)|Still a fever in our country for Thai national team volleyball team Who proceeded to do excellent work in various competitions Since the end of the Nations League 2022 in July Last by the latest "Thai young lady slap" can do excellent work. Keeping all 3 games in all games and not losing a set for competitors. Throughout the competition, collecting 9 points, winning the ASEAN Grande Prix 2022 to successfully dominate. After the tournament, the competition has revealed the prize money in the ASEAN Grande Prix 2022 to the fans. The Thai national team will receive $ 25,000 ( Approximately 9 hundred thousand baht). The Vietnamese champion receives a prize of 20,000 US dollars (about 7.2 hundred thousand baht), 3rd in Indonesia, receiving a prize of 15,000 US dollars (approximately 5.4 hundred thousand baht) and the 4th place of the Philippines receives $ 10,000 (about 3.6 Hundred thousand baht) for the next program "Thai young lady slap" will participate in the competition. World Championship Women's Volleyball (2022 FIVB VOLLEYBALL Women's World Championship) in the Netherlands and Poland between 23 September - 15, 2022.
Crystal Palace submitted a new contract, hoping to hold "Saha"|Crystal Palace has opened a new contract negotiation with Wilfried Saha's important wing of the team. In the midst of the current contract situation, it is about to expire in the middle of the year 2023, the 29 -year -old is one of the products of the Christ Golden Palace, before moving out to play with Manchester United for about 2 years, which is not successful. Any and come back to work with the team since 2015 onwards, with being an important person of the team all the time. However, he has not renewed a new contract. Which will be the most important contract for players From his age, this is the last contract to get both income. And is to choose their own big opportunity If looking at the success of the trophy He has never won any champions throughout the football professional, the club's most wages of the club at this time, about 120,000 pounds per week and that is not a problem for Crystal Palace. Another new contract, at least 3 seasons. However, Arsenal and Chelsea two clubs join London. Still became news with him Which stated recently that he was still happy with playing football at Crystal Palace, but the new contract is still not happening. January 2023 will become free from the contract and will be able to sign. Promise in advance with the club abroad instantly in no value. And that will make Crystal Palace not get anything back from his team immediately.
"Irick" praised "McTomine". The form is perfect.|Christian Irick, Manchester United midfielder, praised Scott Macitomice, a younger midfielder in the team. After working together and getting a good work Believe even more to play together will help to understand each other more perfectly, although Manchester United will have a top midfielder like Casemiro to supplement the team in the past trading market. However, the name of Macitomine is still selected as the first 11 of the team together with Eric Sen, who has received a lot of praise after moving to work with the team this season. "I think Scott works very well. And it is clear with the work coming out I think that in the beginning, it was a learning about how each person played. And now I think we are starting to connect well Began to feel good about standing in the position that the manager chose us to play We have to play with concentration about where the manager wants us to play. And where is our team partner in the field? Of course, everything will be easier than before. When we start to win Confidence will follow We have something that can still be improved. And we are still in the path that We will continue to develop our play. "Irissen Entering the field as a true 6 games in the Premier League this season for Manchester United, while Macitomine played in 5 games and entered the field as a backup 1 game.
move!"Thirathorn" came out to post like this after Buriram always opened the house, Muang Thong (picture)|Smoke lost after the Big Match Game of the Thai League season 2022-23. The match at Buriram United can only open the house with Muang Thong United 1-1 at the Arena Chang Arena on Sunday 11 September. The game opened the game to have fun in the side of the "Kilin Pho" first. In the first half from Sardor Mirror, before the second half of Supanat, like the eyes beat the rivalry, helping the team to divide the points in the house. After the game, Theerathorn Bunmathan, the Thai national team of Buriram United, came out to talk about the results of the competition in the online world, "One point is working harder and everything will repay you. Keep fighting !! Thank you for the good support of all football fans. "For always the results in this game, "Lightning Castle" Buriram United collected one point to hold the 5th place in the table with 11 points after True Bangkok United, the crowd of 13 points, only 2 points after the 5 games.
Great launch!One Lumpinee is ready to create a new phenomenon to the Thai boxing industry.|"Championship Day (One)" World Sports Media Organization joins forces "Lumpini Boxing Stadium" opens a new history for the Thai boxing industry. Prepare to bomb One Lumpinee with world -class production standards. Create sports content in the form of World Class. Enhance the Thai boxing industry like never before By Big Boss, "Chatree Sitthon Thong Thong" Yam held the inaugural battle next year. In the form of an international fins That gathered a variety of martial arts, including Muay Mixed Machael Art (MMA), kicking, boxing, etc. Shoot more than 150 countries around the world. More than 60 million viewers in every platform on 12 September 2022 "Mr. Chatree Sitthon The flag "founder of the president and CEO One, along with" General Suchat Daengprapai ", Director of the Army Sports Development Center (Lumpini Muay Thai) announced the announcement of cooperation Prepare to organize a world -class Thai boxing competition as the battle "One Lumpinee" at the Lumphini Ramintra, Bangkok, with the promoter of the boxing boxing group of Thai boxers, personnel in both the sports and private sectors, and the fans, as well as fans. Traveled to participate in more than 1,000 people, Mr. Chatree Sitthon Thong Thong revealed that "Lumpini Boxing Stadium Considered as the most prestigious boxing stadium in the Thai boxing industry for a long time. Is a place to give birth to a Muay Thai champion And legendary fighters in many ages And many World Champions of One of the World Champions have the back of this boxing stadium. The Lumpini Boxing Stadium has a vision that requires Muay Thai sports to be a real martial art. By gambling There are standards that can advance to the global level. It is the origin of the invitation from the Army to take the promoter of the Lumpini boxing stadium this time. "" Lumpini is regarded as the world's Thai Mecca Cooperation with One, the largest martial art promoter in the world I am confident that it will be able to create a new phenomenon. And helps to upgrade Muay Thai to the world as never before Which we will bring the World Class competition system of a sports one Entertainment Have fun, excitement and criteria that have a fair -standing international standard for fans to watch in the name of the One Lumpinee battle and also further into a world -class content that helps promote Thailand in one Inherited more than 150 countries around the world, more than 60 million viewers in every platform. "" The most important We are ready to provide the highest compensation in Thailand to a boxer competing in One Lumpinee to improve the quality of life and well -being of athletes. And open to every boxing camp nationwide to send boxers to compete If anyone is doing well, they will have the opportunity to become an athlete under One's or compete in other tournaments in the future in the future. Top Which collects martial arts competitions, including Muay Thai Muay, Machael Art (MMA), kicking, boxing, etc., making the sporting sports more diverse. " The army is very determined to truly upgrade Muay Thai. We hope to see Muay Thai, which has no gambling involved. In order to push Muay Thai to be world -class soft soft We therefore look for a promoter that will really help this success. So invited one, the world -class martial art competition, as a promoter, organized one lumpinee battle this time. "" Fans Will see new design productions That has never been seen before in the Thai boxing industry Which will be held every week To allow athletes to continuously compete These things, in addition to helping to create a new standard for the Muay Thai industry It is also like a bridge that connects the Thai boxing industry to the world as well. "" The team of the Lumpini and One Boxing Stadium will work together. There are exchanges of directors and teams, which will help increase knowledge. And experience for personnel in our Thai boxing industry as well Which we have many Thai referees with talent and skilled But still do not have the opportunity to work in an international organization, the ONE's entering, therefore increasing the opportunity for them to show more capabilities to the world. And if doing well, there is a chance to continue to be a director in the Fighting in the future. "The One Lumpinee will explode the first battle in January 2023, which will be organized every week at least 52 times throughout the year. Which will help push Lumpini Boxing Stadium Is the center of Thai Meccine Step into the center of various martial arts in the form of sports entertainment and important sports tourism in Thailand. Follow more details at the One Championship Thailand Facebook fan page and Lumpinee fan page. Boxing stadium
Roma returns the form of Mapoli 2-1 up at 5 Galcho Serie A|Roma returned to win again. After attacking to defeat Empli 2-1, moved up to 5 football Galochi, Italy. The Italian-Italian football match was a meeting between Emo Lee, the 16th team opened the Stadium. Ocarlo Caesleli welcomes the visit to Roma Roma before entering the field, ranked 7th. There are 10 points. The latest game is missed. 4-0 form on the shore, hit by Lutoko Retes 2-1 in the Europa League. In this game, Jose Mourinho has to order the team to focus on the confidence to return. The results show that Start the game until the 17th minute. The visiting team took 1-0 before the rhythm of Paolo Dalala got the rhythm of the ball that had not been extracted before he decided to punch the ball into the triangle into the goal. Beautifully, but the end of the first half, the 43rd minute, Empli host, rival 1-1 when the ball opens from the right side. The ball fell to the front of the door and was Philip Pola Dineli, tackling. Before the end of the first half with this score, the second half of the 72th minute, the visiting team leads again 2-1 when Paolo Debala got the ball from the right side. Before elaborately placed at the second pole, Tam Mi Abraham ran up to shoot at the first pole. Finally entered the goal, ending the Roma game to attack Empli 2-1, with 13 points from 6 matches, moving up to 5, while the host has no points, with 4 points as before.
As expected!The Premier League ordered the 3 pair of games this weekend.|The British football league has been ordered to postpone the game in the last weekend. Which is caused by the death of the Queen Elizabeth that 2 cases, causing 10 pairs of competitions during the last week being postponed Nonetheless, on Monday, the Premier League confirmed that the league game will return to the field at the same time this weekend. However, the Premier League states that there will be only 7 pairs of games, with 3 games that are scrolled with Bright. Ton meets the Crystal Palace, which is on the field on Saturday 17 September, another two -pair of the game on Sunday, which is considered an important match between Chelsea against Liverpool and Manchester United to duel with Leeds United. The Premier League Revealing the reason to postpone the said 3 games because The royal funeral of Queen Elizabeth 2 will be on Monday. And will have to use approximately 10,000 police force for security Many media are expected to be the reason behind the postponement of this competition. The pair of kicking according to the original program is as follows: Friday, September 16, 02.00 hrs. Aston Villa -Southampton 02.00 hrs. Arest -Fulham, Saturday, September 17, 18.30 hrs. Wolves -Manchester City 21.00 hrs. Terr City, Sunday, 18 Sep 18.00 hrs. Brentford -Arsenal 20.15 hrs. Everton -West Ham.
Official!Wolves signed for free "Costa" Premier League|Wolf Hampan One Derers of the Premier League Football Confirmed the official grab to Diego Costa under the 1 year contract in Molinewiz Ground after Sasa Kaladzit, the new wolf injured on a cross ligament. The knee is so long until the former spearhead Chelsea and Atletico Madrid will return to the highest league again after the appeal. Previously, the 33 -year -old shooting star played for Atletico Minero in Brazil before separating in January with the 5 goals from playing 19 games for the team in the highest league. In the league, the coffee team of Bruno Laj, previously broken, when their new striker Cald Qigesh from Stuttgart, who had just won the army under the value of around 16 million pounds. Injured on the cross -legged ligament in the game that Wolfs beat Southampton last weekend. Until having to rest for a long time to treat injuries The team therefore has to accelerate the deal of the striker Kaldchisish, recovering the situation at the rest of the season. There is a duel program with Manchester City in the upcoming Premier League on Saturday.
Official!Newcastle launches "Karius" to join the team with a 6 -month contract.|Newcastle United, a famous team in the English Premier League Announcing the launch of the 29 -year -old Loris Karisarius, joining the team without a formal sample, with a 6 -month contract. Former Liverpool's robber's hand had just expired at Anfield after the end of the season before moving. Salikadong, who has just released Martin, see the smart goalkeeper with Manchester United with a loan agreement, with Karius's 6 -month contract, has an option to expand. Can add until the end of the season if both parties agree It is clear that the person will be just for Nick Pope this season. This German Dan is considered the 5th new player of Newcastle this season next to Nick Pope Swenbo. Tan Alexander Isak and Matt Targate
Finland flipped over Vietnam 4-2 feet in the nation."Contactment"|"Finn Land" turns the situation from the following "Vietnam" 0-2 to come back to the most fun 4-2, wait for the ticket to enter the round, while the "Morocco" slaughtered "Mozumbic" 4-2. "Connectal Futsal Championship Thailand 2022" at Indoor Stadium, Hua Mak on September 12, 2022, with 2 pairs of kicks, with the first pair of competitions in the B. The 18th Finnish national team in the world meets the 40th Vietnamese national team in the first half of the warlord. "Lek Dao Thong" is better than 2-0 before shooting from Tarin Tai? Hui Nor. 17 and Hong Hung Hung, the second penalty, the second point, but the second half of the Finland came down to 4 unique in front of Justas Kunnas? N. 22, Lassei Lindu, N. 26, Jakko Alasu Tari, 38 and this empty neck. From having 3 points from 2 matches, while Vietnam played 1 match, there was no score. Before encountering a heavy battle, the old Iranian champion in the final match. Is a competition in the line The 8th Morocco national team in the world meets the 66th Mumbic national team in the first half of the world. Morocco starts a fierce game before shooting 2-0 from El Facebook. Mao 3 and N.5, but Mozambic is not easy. Shot 1-2 from Jose Dazilva, 16. However, the second half of Morocco made another 2 goals from Yeze Jo-U-38 and El Mesar. 40, 4-1 away. Mozambic can shoot back only one ball from Josea Dasilva. 40. End of the Morocco game to win 4-2 with 4 points from 2 matches. Guaranteed to cut the playoffs. The Thai national team for the next program on September 13, 2022 will be the final match of the first group stage. The Iran national team meets the Vietnamese national team at 17.00 hrs. And two Thai national teams meet the Mozambique national team at 19.30 hrs. The two pairs of AIS Play. There is also a "Early Bird Free Ticket" campaign. Come quickly. See free for the small table fans that enter the first pair of stadiums from 15.00-16.00 hrs. And two pairs at 17.30-18.30 hrs. Free, but if coming after 16.00 hrs. And 18.30 hrs.
War Elephants, U20, first rehearsal at Oman, "Kor." Do not be careless, Afghanistan.|On 12 September 2022 at 20.30 hrs. In Thailand at the dollar club in Salalah, Oman, the Thai national football team. Under the age of 20 years, first practice in Oman To prepare for the AFC U20 Asian Cup Uzbekistan 2023, this training selection Focusing on the restoration of the body After continuous travel Ready to review the concept of playing before practicing. The Thai national team midfielder U20 said, "Now, the important thing is that we have to accelerate the restoration of the body as soon as possible. After we traveled from Thailand to Oman, which took quite a long time. "" The first game with Afghanistan Of course, we must not unlock them. Which the staff coaches do homework And we will try to play according to the tactics. "" Our goal is definitely the next final round. And finally, the football fans are encouraged to the Thai national team U20 as well. "By the Asian Football Championship, the Qualifying Qualifying Ceremony, not over 20 years in Salah, Oman, with the following programs: the Thai national team. Found Afghanistan at the Alsadah Sports Complex Stadium, 14 September 2022 at 20.00 hrs. In Thailand, the Philippines found the Thai national team at Alsadah Sport Complex on 16 September 2022 at 23.45 hrs. The Thai nation met Oman at the Alsadah Sport Complex on 18 September 2022 at 23.45 hrs.
"Bass-Pop" teaches the basic movement to the children in the activity "Chuan Kids to play, learn the world"|"Basic movement skills" are not only the foundation of sports success. But it is also an activity that stimulates and develops quality and concrete brain learning. "SCG Badminton Academy" sees such importance. Therefore organized the "Chuan Kids play to learn to love the world" on September 11 at SCG Badminton Academy by giving 9-8 years of age 5-8 years with parents. Learned the correct movement skills in accordance with sports science and sports skills free of charge, with Prof. Dr. Charoen Rasarat, a sports science expert, "Coach Om" preach Panphan Wisawas, head of SC trainer Ji Badminton Academy, including the world's 1st hand fur, "Bass" Dechaphon Pua Warawarakanukroh - "Por Por" Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai, the owner of the world champion, 2021, including athletes and coaches of SCG Academy, who brought the team as a speaker together The director of Enterprise Brand Management Office SCG said that SCG organized this activity by looking at the first 3 stories. Important for children That will grow correctly There is a system of both body and mind. Have the kindness of athletes, knowing, winning, winning and third Believe that Thai people are not allergic to any nation in the world Can be seen from many sports athletes that are successful in the world Both badminton, golf, Taekwondo, volleyball, so having a good sports foundation will be useful for living. It doesn't have to be a sport only. Prof. Dr. Charoen said that the age of 2-7 years, the development of children's learning at this age is quite fast. And require the clear accuracy of the information received Including descriptions, details and meaning that is reasonable, easy to understand, not complicated Basic movement and proper movement, whether walking, running, jumping, crawling, tiptoe and leap Including throwing and throwing, throwing, spinning, all are important movements and movement That will lead to the development of the body's movement mechanism and brain learning, which will lead to the creation of imagination and images of movement. In order to develop a reasonable creativity for children in the next period This activity was designed for all of the above. In the beginning, playing badminton as a child No activities like this Will have to play badminton on the field only Which, before having the opportunity to practice the correct movement skills, when growing up Basic movement is considered Very important to extend to play all kinds of sports. And believe that the children Will benefit this activity. The response from parents who bring their children and grandchildren to participate in this activity Having said that, it is worth the time of spending 3 hours with the invitation activity. Who brought the younger son to join the activity, said that in the past, the son had come to study the basic movement with SCG Badminton Academy regularly. But did not have the goal of allowing the children to move forward as an athlete Giving to learn For the benefit of physical movement Get to exercise And is a foundation for sports Because the correct movement is the basis of every sport If you grow up and want to play sports, you will have the right technique. 2004 Olympic Games gave Mary The eldest daughter came to participate in the activity. Today, Chonthon, the same generation of athletes Said that there was this activity So I want my daughter to exercise Come to learn movement As well as having activities with children At the same age Having said that, this coming will help with the basic sports for the daughter. And will definitely continue to play in sports after this. Dr. Warataya Warothai, the owner of the Hop Basketball Academy, one of the parents who invited Nike's son to enjoy this activity, said that That the son is the fan of Poppo And get to know the news from the Facebook page SCG Sports, therefore applied to get children to learn Because SCG is a reliable organization In addition, SCG Badminton Academy also has a work to create world -class athletes. And not really disappointed Children have learned the correct movement activities that are very useful. Believe that this activity will make children Many people want to grow up to be athletes, especially badminton. The activity "Chuan Kids Play, learn the world" ends with a smile that is both fun and the content of children. Have practiced basic movement skills that are considered important to create quality children and athletes
One match, piercing 12 million!Shouting "Buriram Stadium", Big Match Thai League Day (Picture)|Considered as a competition game that Thai football fans are always interested in orbit to meet. "Lightning Castle" Buriram United and "Kilin Pho", Muang Thong United, two giants in the Thai League To the point of being given to Ellazco in Thailand, with the latest game on Sunday 11 September, must say that they can't eat. The results of the competition at Sanam Chang Arena ended with a 1-1 draw, winning throughout the game. Among the football fans who entered the stadium up to 25,943 people, it is the highest audience statistics during the Occupational-19 situation. Since March 2020, however, after the game became very interesting when the Buriram United club announced that it was able to collect a total of 12,161,838 baht in this game. The Thai League champion is divided into money from selling tickets through the gate of 1,622,640 baht, plus the money from the sale of 10,539,198 baht souvenir. Under the concept of "We have us" for the first time, called the response quite well. Sold out of 10,000. Within a few hours, we try to see the picture. And the atmosphere inside the shop mega shop sells the club's shop Located in front of the Arena Chang Sanam on the day of the big match that How many football fans will be?
Germination work again!Liverpool are bruised. "Robertson" hurts.|Liverpool, the famous club of the English Premier League, received a bad news again when they don't have Andrew Robertson. In the game to meet Ajax Amsterdam in the UEFA Champions League this Tuesday, according to the report from Liverpool ECO "Reds", there is a queue for the second match in the UEFA Champions League at Ann. Fields by the first match, they losing to Napoli, demolished with 1-4 scores in the Italian Neples last week. However, Yergen Klopp had to receive bad news when Andy Robert Son was injured in the knee during the training to prepare the team at the AXA Training Center in the afternoon. Causing him to miss the field in the game tomorrow for sure. For this reason, Costa Simicas has the opportunity to enter the field in the game of Ajax Amsterdam while there is no report. Clearly came out how heavy the symptoms of Robbo were Liverpool. Have to face the problem of players from the opening of the season Until now, they have many players who are not able to return to practice with their teammates, consisting of Quiwin Cleleher, Ibra Himakonte, Jordan Hender. San, Nabi Keita, Elx Oxlade-Chamberlain and Fabio Carwanho
Join the heart to cheer!"Top Noi", a white ginseng fighterROAD TU UFC|UFC, martial arts organizations and the greatest combinations in the world Announced the fighting schedule in the semi -finals of the Road to UFC battle. Top Noi Giyam, 29 -year -old fighter from Buriram, the only representative from Thailand, will be in the arena of the Flyweight coordinates with Park. Hyun Sung, the opponent from South Korea at Eti Hat Arena, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates on October 23, the fighters from Buriram have a statistics to win 8 and 5 times in the fight. MMA format. As for the Thai boxing history, Thanongsak Lek Chuwattana used to be a 122 -pound rising star of the Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium. The latest Top Noi is about to win a new history for being the first Thai male fighter to be affiliated with UFC. First round Already within the UFC 275: Teixeira vs prochazka in Singapore Indoor Stadium, The Lions City, Singapore In the past June, the Top Giwaram was able to defeat Juma Hori. Until coming through to meet the fighters from the white ginseng in the semifinals To divide the 2nd period after the end of the UFC 280: Oliveira VS Makhaachev, which will be the World Championship on October 22, for the Road to UFC, a tournament that selects fighters from Asian continent, whether Japan. , South Korea, the Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia, India and from UFC Academy in China, under UFC, which will have 4 fighters that have been selected from 4 models, including the Flyweight version of the Flyweight. Featherweight version And the lightweight version From a total of 32 fighters, in the semi -final round, the last 16 fighters from 4 models, officially matching the semi -finals, Road to UFC is as follows: EPISODE 5 Sunday, October 23, Feather Wet: Yi Sa Vs Koyomamatsujima Flyweight Model: Mikey Lun VS Choi Seung Kook Light Week: Kiwon Bin vs Yaka Saraki, Bantam Wet: Toshi Aomi Kazama VS Kim Min Woo Episode 6 Sunday, October 23, Featherweight Model: Lee Jung Young VS Gai Lulun Band Tum: Rin Yanakamura vs Chohae Noze Flyweight: Top Little Giwaram vs Park Hyun Sung West: Anchun Li VS Kim Kyung Piao for the ROAD TO UFC semi -finals Will compete at Etihad Arena, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates on October 23 at 12.00 hrs. And 14.00 hrs.
New year, come a little!The head of the Saudi football stimulated "Ronaldo" shine in the oil league.|Yasser Al Mishal, President of the Saudi Football Federation Gave an interview with Di Athletic, stating that he wanted to see Cristiano Ronaldo, the superstar of Manchester United, moved to play in the land league. Previously, the Portuguese national team Star 37 years, the news tried to move out of the Old Trafford since the Summer football market. But until the end, the person was still in the team of Eric Tenhak. Although the report points out that Ronaldo received the proposal from Al-Hilal, the Saudi League championship team. As well as the league aristocrats like Al-Nasser on the day of the deadline as well. Al Mishal predicts that this Red Devils will receive the attention of other clubs in the market in January. To this day, "Today, the deal is impossible because the football market has ended, but of course we want to see the Cristiano Ronaldo players play in the league. "" He will bring a good atmosphere to the league and it will be a big news for everyone. I am confident that everyone is well aware of the success and statistics of Cristiano Ronaldo, including the status of being a idol player of many people as well. "" I think why Is it impossible? I'm sure it will be a very high value deal. But we saw the domestic club with a continuous revenue ceiling over the past few years. We have seen the football played in the Premier League to play in the Saudi League. And before this. "" I like Cristiano Ronaldo as a player and want to see him playing in Saudi Arabia. But unfortunately it won't happen before January. "
Up 1 hand!"Alkaraz" is delighted to grab the US Open champion.|Up 1 hand! "Alkaraz" is delighted to grab the US Open champion, 13 September 2022 - 09:49 Carlos Alkaraz, delighted with the US Open Tennis Championship with the first Slam in his career and soar up as a 1st hand. Carlos Alcrace, 19 -year -old tennis player, won the first Grand Slam in life. After defeating the Casper Rud, 5 Norway people 6-4, 2-6, 7-6 (7/1), 6-3 in the single male final "US Open" in New York, the United States of America won. It also gives him the overtaking points of the Russian Russian Hands, as the new hand of the world, has made the 1st hand record in the world, the youngest in history since the ATP has been ranked in the world for 49 years as well. After the competition Alkaraz said It is unbelievable for yourself. Everything happened very quickly. I didn't think that I would do as I did at the age of 19 years. At this time, I would like to admire the success and championship cups in hand first. But of course he was thirsty to win the Grand Slam again. Including wanting to win the 1st hand in the world for many weeks, or if possible, for many years Which after this will try fully In order to be successful in the other side, Rafael Nadal, former 1 hand, the Spanish world, the owner of the Grand Slam Championship, the highest single man, 22 times, posted to congratulate Alkaraz. By saying, "This is the peak point of the best season of Alkaraz. Believe that there will be many more Success followed And appreciate the great season as well He has tried it. But may be a little unfortunate Let's keep trying. "
Appointment at the hotel!"Totti" revealed the past, the former wife "Iilla" is an unfaithful person (picture)|After becoming rumored throughout the football and Italy last month For the separation of the national icon couple, Francesco Totti, the legend of Roma and Ilari Blai, the latest female reporter, has reported that the former 45 -year -old football confirmed that he does not. Being unfaithful first Even now, planting a love tree with Noi Boxi, a 34 -year -old girl "is not the truth that I am unfaithful," Totti said in an interview with the neck. Ryerere Della Sera, the media in his hometown. "I said that I would not talk about this again, but in the past 2-3 weeks I only encounter things. Which some issues make children Mine was affected by "Francesco Totti, still sweet with Iillary Blaz", the true crisis occurred between March and April last year. But I have been suffering with it for a long time. "" I have to go through a difficult time. Starting from the stud After that, Father died because of Koid. And I was sick because of another 15 days. "" However When I want my wife the most beside But she was not there. "For the rumors about the infidelity of Blaze, it began to reach Totti's ear in the 2021 summer, which Totti recited that" Last September The rumor came to me. - Look, Iilai has someone else - yes. She has more than one person. "" When I received a warning from many people So I tried to check her mobile phone. I have never done this for 20 years and she has never done it to me. "Totti and Noi Boxi, the current side of the body." In her mobile phone I see that there are third parties who act as a medium between Iilari and another person. It appears - See you at the hotel- my heart is crushed at that time. "" This is evidence. This is the truth And that leads to depression I can't sleep anymore. I pretended that there was nothing wrong. But I'm not me I became someone else. And I could escape that time because Noi "In addition, Totti also confirmed that Noi Bokkee, who is his current body He claimed to be in relation to each other after Iillary. "We used to travel together as friends. And after the new year it became scandalous when Iilari dated other men Which happened before I was in relation to Noi "for Totti and Blai, first dating in 2002 until getting married in June 2005, which at that time was a big national news. Until the famous channel, Sky Ita, pays the copyright, requesting the live broadcast of the wedding Both of them have 3 heirs, namely Christians, a 16 -year -old son who is practicing the football in the academy of Roma and 2 daughters, 15 -year -old Chanel with Isabelle, 6 years old.
Lost to get used to!Vietnamese comments "Yang Lady" Thai team, ASEAN Championship GP|The 2nd Women's Volleyball Competition "ASEAN Grande Prix" in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand has ended. The champions of the Thai national team are victory in all 3 games and do not lose their sets for competitors. Throughout the competition, collecting 9 full points, winning the ASEAN Grande Prix 2022. Vietnamese volleyball fans That has to face disappointment again after doing the best, just the secondary champion Came out to drain about the players And creating a team We try to see how they have this opinion. 1 We are not inferior to Thailand in terms of height, flexibility. Maybe we are just afraid of them. The past defeat is too big. However, congratulations to the winners 2 Getting a runner -up is good and hopefully Vietnam will participate in the international competition. And improve Hope to meet with more talented athletes. Comments that 3 The defeat to Thailand today is a game that I am more sad than losing to China and Japan. It shows that we lack techniques. While the Thai team shows the potential that is superior to us 4 Two Vietnamese players have won the award (Jenitit Thanya and Nguyen Thiti Charit). They work quietly. Effectively The prize is very appropriate. Congratulations to both comments 5, Vietnam is also second to Thailand in terms of professionalism. And practice We lack guidelines and investment from the Volleyball Federation in the comments 6, our team played very well. But the Thai team is too strong The result is as expected. It's okay, girls All of us can do their best. Comments that 7 If you look at the competition intently You will see that Vietnamese players have tried their best. What we have to accept is that Thai women are superior to us in all aspects. Don't be sad. Vietnamese girl comments on Vietnam 8, Vietnam, must learn and continue to get experienced. The Thai team has won the Asian championship. As well as participating in the world championship competition, many comments 9 lost to neighboring teams! I hope we won't give up. Where did we attack this game? They are already waiting. We are still very slow. While he has been waiting and commenting at 10 Vietnamese female volleyball is considered developed. We have been trying to overtake ourselves, the Thai team has been playing in the world for many years. We have to see only individuals that he is very strong in terms of strength. And techniques are higher than us I believe that if we have good training for youth We will be able to step up to the future. It will be like a Thai team that can develop until fighting with China and South Korea at this time. 11 They are determined to overcome the Philippines and Indonesia, but in the end, they still lose to Thailand. There are many reasons for this, especially the average height that we are still inferior. They comment that 12 We lost them 3 times a year. Should know where it is. We won almost every team in ASEAN. But every time we meet Thailand, we lose for over 10 years. 13 athletes are too different. Thai girls are very good at both defensive games and attacking games. Vietnamese team play with spirit. Hopefully next time we will follow them in time. Comments 14 compare and we are inferior to physical. Technical skill level The speed of receiving the ball They are much superior to us and hope that girls will pay more attention to volleyball to win in the future. 15 must accept the defeat They are much superior to us. Getting a secondary championship is enough. 16 Losing is to lose. We lost all the pictures, but let us know where we are and who are fighting with. Keep trying to comment at 17 We may play well at the ASEAN level. But on the world stage, it must be given to the Thai national team.
The trend is strong!"Carragher" explained the issue of "Klopp" after the bad Liverpool form.|Jamie Carragher, the legendary Liverpool football club Of the English Premier League, showing the attitude of disagreement with the trend calling for the love team to release Jurgen Klopp from the position of the Reds, the Reds, sacrificed during the opening season of the 2022/23 season that is not satisfactory. The Machine has just won only 2 matches from the first 6 games of Season. Most recently, they are also Pachai to Napoli on the UEFA Champions League. Out of the score 4-1 in the middle of last week, but Carra also confirmed that he still believed in the German master, not changing from the original. "Creating a new team under the control of Yer Klopp may need to happen faster than expected. "Carragher commented through columns in Telegraph", but there is nothing that shows that he lacks the qualifications that will borrow a crisis at this time. The team "" while Klopp still holds the reins, I think Liverpool will never be like Chelsea or other teams that release the coach. The previous success of the arrival of Klopp, they owe the team's success with him. "" That's the same perspective as the players he bought to play in Anfield. There is no one who has the legendary status of the team. Until today, the players like Vergil van Dyk, Mohamed Salah and Alison Bakers have never won any championship before. The loop will sign them to join the team. "" Resurrection of the club to be the European continent depends on him. "
"Eriya" moved up to the top 2, "Athaya" ranked 6th in the world.|"Pro" Eriya Juthanukan, the world ranked 2 ranks from 53 to 51 in the announcement of the ranking of the female golf world. The latest week on Monday, September 12, 2022, "Prince" Athaya Thitikul, ranked 6th as before. "Promo" Pawangkorn Thawathanakit dropped 2nd to 27 "Promotion" Moriya Jutha. Nukal ranked 61 as usual. "Pro Miao" Parachi Anan Naruekarn, dropped to 2 ranks at 78 "Pro Jan" Wichani, ranked 113, Project Minsuwanna, ranked 146 and "Pro Waen. "Porn Anong Petch is ranked 185, while Kojin-Young from South Korea still brought number 1, followed by Nelly Corda from the United States, 2nd and 3rd, E-Min Ji from Australia.
Who is there?"Romano" revealed the name "9 famous football" was offered to Manchester United before the Ya Ya Market.|Fabrisio Romano, the Tier 1 journalist, revealed that there are many stars that have been proposed to the Giant Manchester United of the Premier League to consider during the summer trading market in the past. According to reports from the website ThepepleSperson.com The Red Devils organized a new team under the leadership of Eric Tenhak after the failure last season. They invested in the market for over 200 million pounds to pull new players like Taiyard Malacia, Christian Eric Sen, Lisan Do Martinez, Martin Dorafga. , Casemiro and Annee come to join the team. It was revealed that during the last week of the trading market, there were 9 famous stars that were nominated for Manchester United to consider before they got Casemiro and Antie to join the final bend. Romano Revealed the list of those players through the YouTube channel that 9 of the football consists of Lean Dropades (Paris Saint-Germain), Weston McKennie (Juvent Tuss), Memphis De Pai (Barcelona), Yannik Garrassco (Atmadid), Christian Pulicic (Chelsea), Sarjino Dest (Barcelona), Thomas Munier (Borussia Dortmund), Moss Chisido (Brighton) and Herwing Lozano (PA Sweet Hofen) Italian journalists stated that Although United will receive many offers. But they didn't pay any attention. Due to the goal of signing the contract with Casemiro and Annee 2, the players of Real Madrid and Ajax Amsterdam already, both of which have a total value of about 145 million pounds.
Cute and sexy!Open the warp "Nong Bam", the handball girl, the national sports champion (picture)|Became interested and shared in social media in the past several days Especially the page about the sports news for "Nong Bam" Angkhana, the 20-year-old beach handball player, in which the 47th National Games "Sisaket Games" competing between 12-22 March 2022 The beach handlebar team of Bangkok beat Ubon Ratchathani team. Thrilling 25-24 points to win the gold medal successfully by the athletes of the capital team "Nong Bam" is also a star in this competition as usual. As a score, combined with the bright, cute, snatched the boys Until winning the outstanding beach handlebars award as well Which Bam's winning was considered her first gold medal at the level As for the national youth sport, she had won 2 times in education. Bam graduated from Wat Ratchason School. The current study is at Chulalongkorn University. And of course she is the main athlete of various tournaments At a higher education level for anyone who wants to follow Bam's sexy work and cuteness, followed by Instagram Angkana_bam.
The most in the world!"Alisa Valdez", the young lady, Dan Pins, the top of the IG, through 2 million (picture)|Considered to be the world's most Instagram volleyball player for Alisa Valdez, the Philippine national team. From the revelation of the Volleyball World, the website in the world rubber ball The 29 -year -old girl slapper is considered to be well -known to Thai fans. After she had moved to play in our home with 3BB Nakorn Non in 2016 with fierce slapping skills. And absolutely, despite having a height of only 175 centimeters for Alisa Valdez, currently under the Cream Cream Cream, is considered the top volleyball player in his hometown, with fans following in Instagram. 2 million people are considered the most follow -up women's volleyball players in the world. World Volleyball players (women) with more than 1 million followers 1. Alisa Valdez (Philippines): @Alyssa_valdez2 2 million tracking amount 2. Jacagone Carmanho (Brazil ): @jaqueline followed by 1.7 million people. 3. Kim Yeon-Kyung (South Korea): @Kimyk10 Following of 1.6 million people 4. Pluem Jit Tin Khao (Thai): @ningnhong_5, followed by 1.2 million people 5. Flya Alin Bachava (Kazakhstan): @altynbeva_20 1.1 million followers 5. Nusara Tom Kham (Thai): @nootsara13.
Ban Thung Krabi, the Air Sea Land Championship, 12 -year -old football|The Air Sea Land Thailand Championship 2022, the 12 -year -old model, with 24 teams attended the competition at Siriwannawari Stadium, Khuan Khanun District, Phatthalung Province on September 12. Final round Baan Thung Academy (Krabi) beat Chula 38 (Surat) 3-1 receives 30000 baht prize money. Chulalongkorn 38 receives a prize money of 20000 baht. Folding Brit (Phuket) 1-0 to win the 3rd place with 10000 baht prize money. Rank 4 Rispri to receive a prize money of 5000 baht. Minister of Tourism and Sports Also in the closing ceremony Was honored by Dr. Wisit Kanjanaphat, President of the Phatthalung Sports Association, Wichit Chantarachikul, Vice Passion, Phatthalung Sports Association, Somkid Khunthong, Executive Committee of Phatthalung Sports Association, Saeng Arun Dang Manee, Executive Committee Phatthalung Sports Association, Chusin Dejdi, Executive Committee of the Phatthalung Sports Association, Thanawut Petchara, Assistant Director of the SAT office, Phatthalung Province. Golden Switch, Ban Thung Sport Academy Trainers, Best Goalkeeper, Phatthara Songwi, Chulalongkorn Team 38, Golden Volume belongs to Pong Khun Nawiwong, the team of Ban Thung Sport Academy. The 7-goal goal, while the best players are also belonging to Mr. Nawi Wong as well. For the 8-11 year model on the AIR Sea Land Thailand Championship 2022, will compete at the Satun Provincial Administrative Organization during the day. 15-18 September
Bad ass. Certainly!"Poise" suggests Uruguay Rising Star Wings to escape the ghost if wanting to go to the World Cup.|Gustavoyot introduced the children of the children like Fakundo, a woman to hurry to move away from Manchester United, the giant in the Premier League. If wanting to have a name to play in the World Cup at the end of this year, according to the report from the 20 -year -old Metro Down, moved from the Red Devils team in 2020 with a fee of 10 million pounds after Olegunar. Seoul has been advised by the former United striker Diego Forlan. However, the lady has not yet had the opportunity to play in the big team of Manchester United as much as they should. And it seems that his future is more vibrating after Eric Tenhak came to take over the new manager. Who had played for Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur. This child was not in the Dutch coach's team. And advised him to find a way to move out of the Old Trafford for the opportunity to play the national team to play the World Cup at the end of this year. " There will be problems with the field. It would be good for him to move somewhere and have the opportunity to play because the World Cup is waiting and he is a very important player to the Uruguay national team because the coach (Deso Alonso) Believe in his ability He is a great line for the team. "" He has to find a team to play like Louis Suarez, who played with Nacional every week, practicing with the big team and has a game to play. During the 3 months before the World Cup, a woman needs to do this as well. "
Is it true?"Sali Hamidsic" responded clearly, Bayern Son threw "Ken" to join the army.|Hazan Sali Hamidsic, the sports director of Bayern Munich, a famous team in the English Premier League, responded to the news about the Harry Ken, the England striker of Spurs in the past summer, during the past football market, "Tiger Southern Tigers" lost Robert Lewandovski, the number 1 shooting star for Barcelona, ​​resulting in news. Located with many strikers But in the end there was no movement in the reinforcement of the said position. Asked about the possibility that the team would grab Harry Ken to join the team in the future that "This deal has never been negotiated. I have never talked to his team before. We still believe in the players in the team. "" We have both Zerene Brees, Sadio Mane, Eric Maksimcho-Moting and the young star of the team. These players are the people we will use. In addition, we have up to 8 players that we will use for 4 people in the offensive line. "" Of course, we are always open in the football market that there is something good for our team. But in the end, we still haven't found anyone who thinks that it is suitable for the team, "Sali Hamidsic said.
"Matipe", the hero, tickle!Liverpool slashed Ajax at the end of the game 2-1.|UEFA Football Battle Champions League season 2022/23, a group dividing the group on Tuesday night, September 13, 2022, interesting game Group A "Reds" Liverpool opened the Anfield Stadium. Welcoming the visit of Ajax Amsterdam from the Netherlands Liverpool, chose to use Diego Chota to play attacking games with Mohamed Salah and Louis Dias. The veteran and Dalay Blind and Du Santadish. As a result, Liverpool was excellent. Was the goal of leading 1-0 before the shooting of Mohamed Salah, the good star. In the 27th minute and finished the first 45 minutes with this score. The second half "Reds" invaded heavily to shoot up. And the effort was successful in the 89th minute. From the goal of Chae El Mati, leading 2-1 to Liverpool, opening the house, slaughtering Ajax Amsterdam, narrowly 2-1 with 3 points from 2 matches in the field, with the same point as Ajax Amortum, the top team from the Netherlands, UEFA football results. Champions League on September 13, 2022, Eliver Group 2-1 Ajax Amsterdam *** Glass Glow Renser -Napoli (postponed) Zen 2-0 Atletico Madrid FC Porto 0-4 Club, Bruce, Cibowder, Munich 2-0 Barcelona Victoria, Picksen 0-2 Inter Milan 2-0 D-Sponge Boss Boss Group, Tottenham Hotspur, Marseille 0-1 Aintrak Frankfurt
Hey, 2 matches!Bayern smashed Barca 2-0, leading the C-Faculty of Champions League groups.|The UEFA Champions League football match 2022-23 Group stages on September 13, Group C "Tiger Southern" Bayern Munich from Germany opened the Allianz Arena. Come to visit "Chao Bun Thum" Barcelona From Spain Barza, attacking the 4-3-3 Levandovski system, standing back, standing the real spear. Meet the old team. Rafinya, Dembele Snacked in the offensive line of Bayern, in a bad form during the league after this game came to play 4-2-3-1. Mane, Muleela, Sane Supporting the results, it appears that the game has started for 9 minutes. Bayern players play in front of the penalty area, so they were hit by Barcelona players. After that, the ball was paid to Pedie Gonzalez, touched the defender and shot the shot. Manuel, Yeroer, still used the legs to be safe. 21 minutes, the opportunity belonged to Barcelona again. Gos Alonso got the ball on the left. Then open the middle to Robert Lewandov Ski to strike the hairy phase of Manuel Err to save incredible. The first half is still equal. 0-0 in the second minute 50 opportunities belong to Bayern Thomas Muller to get the ball in the penalty area and then put it back. Leon Goretza shot from about 25 yards. Steage Rachen rushed off the back. However, From the continuous rhythm of the left corner, Josua Kimmich opened for Lugus Air Nong Die, hovering into the burn distance, no remains, Bayern led 1-0 in a minute 54 Jamal Mu. Xiala passed the ball to Leon Sane, penetrating the middle of the segments. Before elaborately shot through the outposts Bayern plus 2-0 ending the game with this score as Bayern Munich beat Barcelona 2-0 from the victory, causing Bayern Munich to increase to 6 points from 2 matches. Already brought as the leader of the Group C, the UEFA football results Champions League on September 13, 2022, Eliver Group 2-1 Ajax Amsterdam *** Glass Glow Renser -Napoli (postponed) Zen 2-0 Atletico Madrid FC Porto 0-4 Club, Bruce, Cibowder, Munich 2-0 Barcelona Victoria, Picksen 0-2 Inter Milan 2-0 D-Sponge Boss Boss Group, Tottenham Hotspur, Marseille 0-1 Aintrak Frankfurt
Sporting Lisbon opens the nest to chase Spurs 2-0, bringing the group of the Champions League football group.|UEFA football match Champions League season 2022-23, Group Division 2, Tuesday night, 13 Sep 65, between Sporting Lisbon opened the Estadio Jose Alvala. The visit of "Golden Spikes Chicken" Tottenham Porting also has Inzio to help with the defensive line and the central land has Urica Start, while the offensive line Edward has met with the old club. His Spurs have rested for a week and there was no problem with the injured players by having Davies return to control the back and the rest was still the same set from the previous match. Say hello first from the moment Pedro Gonzalweet shot from outside the hot box to Ugo Yosis, had to brush away. Then, the 42th minute Spurs had hoped from the rhythm of Richar Lisan. Touch the ball to avoid the goalkeeper and shoot in. But was in the first half of the first half. Sporting Lisbon is still always Tottenham Steper 0-0 in the second minute. The 48th minute of Spurs, when Harry Ken opened the ball from the left to a far pole. The talisman went up to tackles, but was out of the 89th minute. Sporting almost got Herpero Porteropul, raised from the right side to the penalty area before punching with the left. Going narrowly into the injury of 90+1, Sporting got a 1-0 lead, until Pedro Gondros opened the corner of the penalty area and was a header. The net is not enough. That's not enough. The 90+3 Sparting is 2-0 away. Art Gomes. Going to shoot, there is no remains. The game of Sporting Lisbon beat Tottenham Hotspur 2-0, causing Sporting Lisbon to win 2 matches in 6 points. 3, the same as the 2nd place in the UEFA football group. Champions League on September 13, 2022, Eliver Group 2-1 Ajax Amsterdam *** Glass Glow Renser -Napoli (postponed) Zen 2-0 Atletico Madrid FC Porto 0-4 Club, Bruce, Cibowder, Munich 2-0 Barcelona Victoria, Picksen 0-2 Inter Milan 2-0 D-Sponge Boss Boss Group, Tottenham Hotspur, Marseille 0-1 Aintrak Frankfurt
Liverpool 2-1 Ajax: Summary of 4 issues after the gameRed Swan XiuchaiChampions League|UEFA Football Champions League 2022/23 Tuesday night, September 13, 2022 Liverpool 2-1 Ajax Nerm: Anfield 1. Liverpool started out enthusiastically Mohamed. Salah gave after the disappointment of the game at NPLs for about 1 week. This game, the team of Yergen Klopp, was intensely starting. They crushed Ajax since the whistle. Lost Napoli clearly, Red Swan Create continuous opportunities until coming to get a door to overcome the groove from the 17th minute. From the goal of Mohamed Salah, but only 10 minutes to lose the door after 2. Tiago enhances the middle border. The Red Swan Thiago Alcantara, Dusan Tadic, Tiago Alkanthara, full tank, came back to start as a real Liverpool in this game and became an important force to drive the central land of The 31 -year -old Red Swan is the midfield that experience the ball the most on the field (77 times). Survive when squeezed. To create a game through the ball to the final area for teammates Different from the game of Napoli, Napali, Fah and the abyss 3. No Robbo, no KOSTAS. Tsimikas Costsimicas has been trusted to start at the left -back position instead of the injured Andy Robertson, who was injured by the left -back, the Greece has finished the game with the statistics of the ball through the teammates. Had the most shot (key pass) at 5 times, 1 assist for Joel Matipee in the goal. Along the 2 -digit line (all 14 times). 4. Matip's goal of Joel MATIP, Virgil Van Dijk, Kostas Tsimikas, the 89th Chainat's 89th gateway. When including all 10 games, the Cameroon defender has broken the door. Liverpool can escape from all the wishes (win 9 draws 1).
Gleaning the hot topic after the Tiger Game, Barca 2-0|1. Games that are fighting with the task cannot deny that this game is one of the clash between the two quality teams that are full of high techniques. In which both sides tried to leverage various lace at all times There is a skill show. Showing techniques to deceive each other, the head of the head is busy. Bayern is still reinforcing the top standards, Barcelona seems to start to fight the path as a giant again. Until it was a game that opened the page to exchange fun, not being compressed alone, like the previous match that they had met Joshua Kimmich, Pedri. 2. Judge at the sharpness. Didn't look inferior at all, either the opportunity to do or even possession of the ball But what is so different that causes them to lose back is the sharpness that today shooting birds, fishing without forgiveness many times. Both the rhythm of Levandovski, who has ended many times and the rhythm of Peady that has dropped that much, but the shooting is not in the frame while Bayern, they use the opportunity effectively. May not have to attack But waiting for the opportunity and ends sharp until two goals help the team win. Finally, FC Bayern Mã¼nchen V FC Barcelona: Group C - UEFA Champions League3. Is the penalty? This game has a problem in the first half. It was the rhythm of Usman Dambele, snatched into the penalty area before being attacked by Alpha Sodais. Which the moment the ball was not dead, causing the game to continue Until the referee gave a sign that the VAR check was not a foul. But if we look at the late images, Davies doesn't just be bitten by the ball at all. While also stepping on the way, causing Dembele to lose his balance The English lecturer and analysts agree that this child is clear that it is definitely a penalty. Ousmane dembele 4. Pedy Mutila, the future, the true highlight in this game is a dazzling technique. Of the two new blood stars, both the attacking of the attacking degree of the match in this game, which has been done in one assist, plus the show of the fluttering style for the fans to watch throughout The same game as this is called the "real". Removed from Andres. Going with the ball well Popular football But only stuck that the ball had fallen out, then lifted the ball into the pole No, then it would be more handsome than this. Of course, Manuel Neuer, Pedri
"Sitta Bunla" as contributed to the U20 Elephants before the Afghanistan duel.|On September 13, 2022 at 8:00 pm in Thailand at the Salah Stadium, Oman, the Thai national football team. Age not over 20 years, the last practice To prepare for the AFC U20 Asian Cup Uzbekistan 2023, the first qualifying round to meet with Afghanistan. Focusing on reviewing the concept, ready to get the rights of Bunla, followed by the team before practicing the Thai national team midfielder U20. "Now I have a little fatigue. After just arrived But the readiness is ready Believe that many friends are well prepared as well. " Leave football fans to encourage us too. "For the Thai national team, U20 will find Afghanistan at Alsadah Sport Complex on 14 September 2022 at 8:00 pm in Thailand. No live broadcast
Small table, war elephants, slash Mosumbic 3-1, cut the playoffs|"Small table, War Elephants", the first half from "Narongsak" but the second half hit Mozambique 1-1 before "Itthicha-Jesada" beat each other to the end of Thailand to repeat 3-1 to win the rope to find the rival, while Morocco, Finland, 15 kg. This is the small table of the "Continental Futsal Championship Thailand 2022" at Indoor Stadium, Hua Mak on September 13, 2022, the 20th Thai national team in the world. Group A with the 66th Mozambique national team in the world for the Thai national team and Mozambique had met last year. In this program, the results of the results show that "Lek Chang Suek" beat 6-4 before the Thai national team. Will step to grab the championship, while Mozambique finished the 6th out of 8 teams before entering the field "Small Table Elephant" has 1 point from the Morocco 2-2, while Mozambic has no scores after losing Morocco 2-4, making this match for the Thai national team just always. Will immediately enter the semi -final Just if winning 3 scores, will win the championship of this game "Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, the Thai Futsal team manager. Still encouraging the small table, the war elephant clinging to the edge of the field by Carlos Sezar, the first 5 coach sent, consisting of the goalkeeper Thirawat Kaewwilai, Itthichapraphan, Krisada Wong Kaew, the captain of the team, Navin Rattanawongsawat and Worasak Sri Lang Phairoj on Faruk Isma El Kun, Mozambique Send a cool thing like José Dazilva, whose 2 goals in the first game, the first half, the first half of the game. Up to N. 13, Thai Futsal fans have fired from the charts of Narongsak Pangpung. The support from the Cross-room club helps Thailand to bring Mozambic 1-0 after being the side after Mozambique trying to open the game at Thailand immediately. Sattan Kaewwilai, at the end of the first half, left 43 seconds, Navin Rattanawongsawat lost the foul and was the 6th foul of the Thai team, causing the second penalty to the second point, but Mario Junior washed to save Theerawat at The first half of the Thai Futsal has also brought Mozambique 1-0. The second half of the Mozambique tried to open the game at the Thai national team and the 26. Masambic was successfully beaten by the shot of Vasco Masse. Beat the ball that Teerawat Kaewwilai saved is not the same score 1-1, but the Thai cheering team has fired when Itthichapraphan fired for the Thai national team to bring Mosumbic again 2-1. The rest of the time, Mozambique tried to play Power Play and Nor. 39, then missed the retort from Jesada Choodet to shoot for Thailand to bring Mozambique 3-1 away. The end of the Thai national team, resenting Mozambique 3-1, resulting in Thailand having 4 points equal to Morocco, but the door was inferior. Resulting in the second finalists in the group A having to cut the rope with Iran, the Group B champion, was considered to be washed the final match last year, which the Thai national team lost 1-5, only the secondary championship, winning another Moroccan champion Will meet Finland, Vice Championship, Group B, after the end of the game, Sutin Bua Tum, the manager of the team, said that the results were satisfactory Considered that we can collect 3 points. We give new players the opportunity. And the coach has tried the team As for the playoffs, we meet Iran. Optimism is considered to have experience for players. Thanks to the president of the association for giving the team the opportunity to work. Thank you for football fans for support for the ranking program. And semifinals Will compete on Thursday 15 September 2022 at 14.00 hrs. Ranked 5, Vietnam met Mosambi at 16.30 hrs., The first semi -final, Iran found the Thai national team at 19.30 hrs. The 3rd place and finals Will compete on Friday, September 16, 2022, with AIS Play, every couple will be broadcast
This is the most important!"Chatree" Big Boss emphasizes the rules of "One Lumpini".|"Chatree pupils of the flag", the founder of the president and CEO One Championship (One) as a red sign promoter of the Lumpini Boxing Stadium. Announcement of the iron rules of the competition under the cooperation "One Lumpinee (Lumpini)" that will start the first live broadcast of January 2023 after the historical cooperation press conference "One Lmpinee (Wan Lumphi This) "On Monday, 12 September, the Big Boss of One came out to emphasize the determination to use a boxing stage with a long history like" Lumpini "as a Muay Thai standard magic to the level. word And take the opportunity to declare the steel rules that the referred was a way that all parties involved must strictly follow "Everything will be clear and clean. Everything will be fair, sports, not taking advantage of boxers. And give the opportunity to the boxer, serious, sincere. This is the most important. "Mr Chatree said. To ensure that One Lumpinee will be in accordance with the specified direction. Under the 5 main policy, namely 1. Investment plan of over 3,600 million baht in the industry And the Muay Thai ecosystem in the world market 2. Build a network with the largest promoter in various countries around the world. 3. Broadcast live every Friday night, not less than 52 items per year, published in more than 154 countries around the world. 4. Broadcast the live program of One week on allied TV channels since January. 2025. Providing the highest compensation in Thailand to the athletes who compete. In order to upgrade the standard of Muay Thai sports. The important system is also a career promotion. And income for athletes Causing athletes to live a stable life during the end of the career According to the importance of One to glorify the hero Create an honor for athletes. And point out the virtues that are the strengths of each person To be a role model for the general public
This price is not yet sold!The famous media unfold Liverpool to buy Real Madrid before the deadline. The market is closed.|Diario volunteers in Spain revealed that Real Madrid of the Spanish La Liga battle has denied 100 million euros (about 86.5 million pounds) of Liverpool in the English Premier League that has bought. Their midfielder when Summer football market in the past, Red Machine During that time, it was under a new midfielder. Enhanced the midfielder in the team midfielder in Tiico Alkantara, Jordan Henderson, Nabi Geisa, Fabio Carwar. Loh, Cheris Jones and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain There was an injury problem that could not enter the field to help the team reported that the team of Yergen Klopp tried to give a 100 million euros offers to Los Blancos to grab Fede Rico Balbe. The 24 -year -old midfielder Uruguay, the final day of the summer market, but Real Madrid was unluckled without the media. Trying to snatch their keys at the lower value. Although the value is the highest proposal, the statistics that Real Madrid received the second most secondary, only the deal released Cristiano Ronaldo, including the proposal during The final bend of the market. Balberde just touched the pen to expand the contract in Santi Ko Bernabew in the past summer. Bind him to the team until the year 2027, while Klopp turned to close the deal, grabbed the Artur Melo from Juventus under the loan agreement.
From the hearts of the Thai national team athletes to "Chutinan Phiromphakdi", the chairman of the late Paralympic Committee|After Tuesday 13 Sep 65 at 10:52 hrs. In Thailand, or on 12 Sep 65, local time. United States The Thai sports industry has a big loss. When Mr. Chutinan Phiromphakdi, Chairman of the Paralympic Committee of Thailand To the karma peacefully At the recovery center, Spaling Boston Hospital, United States, totaling 65 years, last night The Thai national disabled athletes Posted a message showing the condolences of Khun Chutinan Phiromphakdi, such as "Korn" Pongsakorn Pae Yo, Wheelre Shering athlete 3 gold medals, Tokyo Paralympic 2020 " I would like to show my deepest mourning. On the departure of Mr. Jutinan Phiromphakdi, Chief Executive Officer and President Boon Rawd Brewery Company Limited And the chairman of the Thai Paralympic Committee You will be in our memory and stay in our hearts forever. Love and respect. "" Rung "Thai popular, Table Tennis athlete, London Gold Medal, Paralympic 2012" A warm hug, worried and hopefully half of my life to know you. You are like my 2nd father. "" It is the father of the sports industry. You will be in my memory forever. With great respect and mourning, Khun Jutinan Phiromphakdi recorded in the memory. "" To "Watcharapol Wongsa, BC2 BC2, Tokyo Paralympic 2020 gold medal, 2nd hand in the world, the team. Thai nation "I would like to express my condolences about the departure of Mr. Jutin Piromphakdi, the main pillar of the Thai disabled sport. He is a person who has driven the disabled sports all the time. Is the person behind the success of all disabled athletes Supporting the disabled athletes continuously Continuously pushing the disabled athletes forward. "" Your goodness will be remembered in the minds of all Thai people. Ask for the merit that you can support you to the sun. Went to be an angel in heaven Take care of the disabled athletes in the sky Your grace will keep in my heart and all the disabled athletes. With love and mourning R.I.P. Chutinan Phiromphakdi "" Coach Toey "Somchai Duangkaew, the Thai national team swimming team The owner of Sydney Paralympic 2000 "gold medal" I don't know how to start. I can't accept that good people like you have to come from us. I am sorry and all athletes are sad. What did you do for the sports industry? Until I couldn't say it all. "" Especially the kindness that you have for the swimming team all the time The good that you created Inspire you to be an angel in heaven The Master will be in my memory. And the swimming team forever With a lot of love and mourn. "There are also many athletes athletes of the disabled Thai national team. Send a message to express my condolences to the departure of Khun Jinan Piromphakdi, overwhelming for "Khun a little", is the Paralympic Paralim Picchat Sports Committee of Thailand since 2009, is loved by all athletes and coaches. Like the father of the Thai sports industry That takes care of all disabled athletes, all kinds of sports and competitions From ASEAN Para Games to Paralympic Games And has always been behind the success of the Thai national Paralympic Army For the Paralympic Sports Committee of Thailand Working with the 5 Sports Association, the Disabled Sports Association of the Disabled Sports of Thailand, the Association of Brain Disability Sports of Thailand, the Blind Sports Association of Thailand, the Correct Sports Association of Thailand And the Intellectual Disabled Sports Association of Thailand
Clear family problems!"Buakhao" ends well, signing, certifying the child, aiming for everything for children|After being considered a big news in the middle of last year For the family problem "Dam Dok Kom" Bua Khao Bancha Mek, the Thai beloved fighter with the ex -wife "Kae", Ms. Anwee, who came out to call for Buakhao to certify the children of Mesang, aged 5 A year old and calling for support In which she claimed that in the latter The 40 -year -old Thai fist has a distance. As well as having many obligations Causing her to raise children alone And almost did not receive any loss Therefore, for the convenience of various operations She decided to proceed this time. Until the case And there was a huge lawsuits, which later Both have negotiated to find a solution to the lawsuit. Which the negotiations are well developed Both sides turned to talk to each other for the little daughter. And has drafted a compromise agreement Before the woman traveled to withdraw all the latest cases After everything went well on September 13, Buakhao, ex -wife and children, along with the lawyer team. Traveled to the Bang Na District Office In order to comply with the registration contract, the child is completed. "Today, registered to certify the child There is correct evidence. It was actually. In fact, the previous story was not much. Caused by the misunderstandings of various things, causing the story that everyone has seen the news earlier. Thanks to the two lawyers for helping as a middleman. Make oneself and the past The wife adjusted their understanding. Anything that misunderstandings ends well. After this, there is nothing to talk about anymore. Today everyone accepts And is generally perceived. "As for the issue of the lawsuit that the woman has sued, Buakhao's side, she revealed that all of the lawsuit has been withdrawn. Referred to "Now we have all the documents. Nothing interrupted The most important thing is the story of the daughter. Previously, it might be spinning. Or criticizing each other It's not correct for me, "Buakhao continued that for various reasons. We should be more aware of our daughter's future. In which direction to walk After this, may not have returned to live as a family. But will focus more on the care of children Initially, most of them are mainly with the mother. As for the document Or about the rights, they will let both lawyers represent the management As for the meeting Right now, both of them have not agreed to meet any days. But can meet children freely After this, their relationship can be friends normally. There is nothing to heal. And confirm that the drama ends 1,500 percent. The lawyer Theerathorn revealed that in the law, after this, there is nothing to proceed. Can say that it ends well Everything understands well. Be friends, take care of the children of Buakhao, will help with the cost of support for the school fees, medical expenses, half each This is also happy with both of them, including Mee Tang. After this, you will receive benefits. There are patronage from 6 years to age 20 years. The lawyer Fang added that Although each side may have to separate to live a new life Have a new spouse But everyone is happy to do it for you to have the happiest money. That is an important issue, information and images from the entertainment.
Who will refuse!"Potter" revealed that La Brighton signed in the Chelsea army.|Chelsea's new manager Graham Potter said that the proposal of the Blues team is like a big opportunity in a life that is too big to be able to deny the 47 -year -old England manager. 5 years in controlling the Chelsea team after having 3 great seasons with Brighton and Hoff Albion and he will start his new job immediately in the UEFA Champions League game, which will meet Red Bull Salzburg "If you see the history, the quality of the team and the commitment that this club has You will fully understand that it is a very different challenge from what I received. Brighton "" I have a great 3 year with Brighton and I would like to thank the owner of the club (Todd Bohli) for choosing to believe in me to come to get this job. Of course, my main work here is helping everyone in the team. Develop more teams And chose the team to make football fans proud of the work of the team We want to create our team that has our style of play. And we will work hard to get it. "" It is a very fast decision. We have a lot of talk and serious. I feel good about talking to the club owner and his team. They are intelligent people. And clearly understand what they want to succeed Have a long -term plan with the team And it is an exciting plan It was a big challenge that I couldn't deny. I feel it is right for me. "
This is a reason!"Sali Hamidsic" revealed why "Mane" chose to move Bayern.|Hazan Sali Hamidsic, the sports director of "Tiger" Bayern Munich revealed the reason that Sadio Mane decided to move out of Liverpool in the famous Premier League in the summer. To the media in Angkrit the day before, the Sneakal national shooting star announced the movement of the team before the UEFA Champions League final game with Real Madrid last season and a southern tiger team that was able to grab himself. Join the team at the price of 35 million pounds. When combined with the bonus, his fee will rise to 41 million pounds according to the conditions. The reason why the 30 -year -old striker chose to walk out of Anfield and The Times, "The players like Sadio looked at the club. And tell himself that he has a great 6 years in Liverpool, then what will happen next? He caressed carefully. I know why he chose us. He said that because he can feel the qualifications. And many attitudes here He is the leader in this story and is the person who is suitable for us. "" The more obvious that when Levi (Levandovski) is thinking of moving the team. But with no top -level representatives So we haven't agreed to let him go anywhere. But we have many options We try to make it happen. And that made us let him go The truth is Sadio, which has no more options, "said Sali Hamidsic.
Being brushed immediately!The media unfold Liverpool, throwing 100 million euros, hoping to grab the "White Shin" before the end of "Artur".|Spanish media volunteers Revealed that Liverpool, the famous England team Has spent more than 100 million euros or about 87 million pounds to approached Real Madrid before closing the market for only 2 days, but in the end, it was not successful. Reference report from Liverpool ECO at the end of the summer market. The Reds experienced the player's problem, more injured than the team, especially in the middle. Causing them to return to trading again With many players that were news Came out to unfold that the players that Liverpool wanted the most at that time was the Real Madrid midfielder Federio Balber. Million pounds for the White King team to consider only 2 days before closing the market, but ultimately being rejected. However, the team of Yergen Klopp finds a way out by turning to Juventus to Borrowed the Brazilian national midfielder Artou Melo to join the team a few hours before the dead line. In addition to Balberde, Fabrisio Romano pulled the news of the Italian. Revealed that Liverpool also became interested in signing a contract with Conrad Lomer, but Rabi Lipzig was under the agency that They don't want to release important players from the team. Even if the contract expires after this season
Who would be able to resist!"Benzema", this event was caught secretly swinging the new girl X (picture)|Karim Benzema, the veteran shooting star of "The White King" Real Madrid, a giant of the Spanish La Liga, in the form of in the field, before saying that it is too hot, pressing 44 goals from 46 matches, including all items. However, outside the field must be told. That is not unusual for the 34 -year -old front center, who has a picture of a new woman going to the sea in the past summer. Before the rumors that the person had a problem with Crooko, the young wife was broken, which later had fans. Caught that the new young woman of "Chicken Star" is Jordan Ozuna, the US model, because someone caught that the person who posted a picture while on a private plane, but instead of a woman's legs. Before the famous footballer immediately deleted for Jordan Osuna, a 32 -year -old girl model, originally a career of Hooters in Las Vegas before changing the route to the model industry. And became more well -known after being caught as a new girl beside Karim Benzema
New people are here!"Romeo Beckham" planting love trees "Yordeen", a former "Davies" girl|Delhi Mail, the famous media of England, revealed that Romeo Beckham, the second son of David and Victoria Beckham, dating Yerden Hui, the Wonder Waldeer, thinks of the Canadian national team, with The younger brother of Kru Ze Beckham and his girlfriend Net Idol Tarilir joins the trip with reports, indicating that all 4 young men-girls spent their time in Disneyland Florida. The 21 -year -old Dean was an ex -girlfriend of Alfonso Davies, the superstar of Bayern Munich, who broke up since May. After dating for over 5 years, the 17 -year -old teacher took a photo and clip on his Instagram Cruzbeckham. Record the memory while playing the roller coaster before the tag to the account. Of all 4 people, which is definitely not able to escape the eyes of the fans in the social world. For Romeo, the 20 -year -old has just separated with with a former Arecan, a celebrity in the online world after Have been dating for 3 years for the reason for the same time, because Romeo is dedicated to the footballer who is under the Miami, seriously, the path and Mi, who lives in London as the main part of De Tiger's Southern Tiger Came out to defeat the rumors for Yordeen, a former girlfriend who became "unfaithful", dating the legendary heir of the England football team By saying through his own YouTube channel, "Yes, Yordeen broke up, but the rumors about you are not true." (Right) Romeo Beckham and Mi Real , (Left) Alfonzo Davies and Yorden Hui Te, when they were still sweet, both of them were good. "She was a good person. I respect you very much. I wish you only the best. And ask everyone to respect our privacy. "The current Yerdine under the OL Reign team in the United States After last season, the Paris Saint-Germain team of France won the big cup champions in Europe. There are 57 Canadian national team degrees, scoring 15 goals and one of the latest Olympic gold medal team in Tokyo.
"Kulwut" became the 3rd Thai single male badminton player, attached to the top 10 in the world.|International Badminton Federation Announced the world rankings this week, it appears that "View" Kulwut Wititsan, a Thai badminton player Single male type Moved from No. 11 to the 10th place in the world, making him a 3rd badminton who ranked the top 10 worlds from Boon Sak Phol (No. 4 in the world) and Thanongsak Saen Suk ( Ranked 9 in the world) for the work of Kulwut, aged 21, a former 3 -time world champion, winning the German Open Championship 2022, followed by 2 SEA Games gold medals. In Vietnam And most recently, just made history as the first Thai male badminton to win the world champion two weeks ago. The world's world ranking of other Thai badminton players The Rachanok Inthanon Single Type dropped from the 7th place in 8 in the world, Pornpawee Chuwong moved from the 10th place to the 9th in the world, Busanan Ung Bamrungphan is still 12 of The Women's Women's World, Rawinda, and Jongkon Phan Kitithornkul, still holding the 8 hands in the world, Wednesday, Wednesupjitjonkul and Sapsiri Tae Rattanachai, the world championship, the world championship. From 15 up to 14 of the world. As for the brothers and sisters, Benya Phan and Nanthakan Iamsad, from 30, depending on the 29th of the world. The world is firmly, Supak Chom Island and Supisara Pure Sampran moved to the top 18 in the world.
Napit Tangpanich: The main decision to achieve the route of a gunman.|Sometimes the path that we have never walked May be most suitable for ourselves in the hottest shooting athletes And have international work regularly Is a skilled young man. "As" Napit Tang Tang Panich, this young life entered the football industry. At 7 years, I like to play the striker. Have a habit of standing around the ball I don't like moving Considered as the opposite feature that the center should have, that is the movement. To find a way to do For friends to pass the ball to finish the score with Aus's playing style, making the team difficult to play For a long time, the coach couldn't bear it, so he suggested that "If lazy to run, try to play a gun. Because shooting a gun is a sport that doesn't have to run. "With the 7 -year -old child at that time, he didn't know that it was a good suggestion or sarcastic. But in the end, he turned to play at the firing sport, according to the 7 -year suggestion, where the footballer didn't get anything back. And when stepping into teenagers Life must choose the future path to go. He then decided to end the path on the lawn and devil to the sport of shooting, even though he was a sport that he didn't like or fascinated. Because it is a sport that does not even make the striking or showing outstanding in itself But on the other hand, he is patient and practicing every day. And only 7 The month quickly stepped up to follow the Thai national team. "I was reluctant to shoot the gun for six months. When the seventh month went to select the national team, it appeared to be attached and went to the SEA Games. "Although not a sport that I like, Aus is the person who is doing something and will study to the core of 100 percent. He rehearsed and rehearsing again. Until discovering the way that can pull the potential of yourself as much as possible. "Once I knew that I was able to develop quickly, I thought that the gun was really good for us, so I practiced shooting every day and started to enjoy it. After that, I asked my mother to shoot the gun from 8 o'clock to 8pm every Saturday-Sunday. Some days, 8 pm still didn't return to practice a little more. "" I repeatedly practice. Until searching for techniques that are suitable for yourself Then practice every day for the body Remember Because shooting the gun is not like other sports. "" Even if we imitate other techniques Regardless, it is not better. We have to find our own techniques and methods. If finding the right gesture We will always shoot the target. "All of this is the secret to the success of" As "Napit Tang Tang, the Thai national team shot athlete. Owner of the work 5 SEA Games gold medal And through experience in the 2016 Olympic Games
It's just the past!"Akan Yi", the sailboat receiving, has been a Red Devils fans before.|Manuel Akan Yi, the new football, red label "Blue Sailing" Manchester City moved to join the team on the last day of the market to help the game for Pep Guardiola. Causing him to come out to accept the truth like a man Actually, he was a fan of the United side first, with the 27-year-old center-back who just debuted the first game in the UEFA Champions League match that his team won the Sevilla 4-0 when Last week, along with excellent work, both clean sheets and 89.9% of the ball, revealed the truth in the past that he was a big fan of "Red Devils". Already to the fullest with your own club All of this, he said to Switzerland's NZZ and BLICK newspapers in his hometown, "I have a big dream and have to travel in football to the maximum. Because when I was young, Manchester United were my love team. I dreamed of being a player for the team one day. But now that's no longer an issue. "" I told myself to be a fan of Manchester United when he grew up. But when I stepped to a certain level as a player It will not be football fans anymore. Because when playing with one club It is not appropriate to cheer another club as before. "" One time I was asked what my goal was? I said that in the end I have to play for the best club in the world. From what I said, I think Manchester United is the best club in the world and I want to play for them one day, which I have never said. "" Back when I played for Basel in The UEFA Champions League game and met Manchester United when the idol became a rival. I arrived at the point of being a football fan and wanted to do his job well enough to overcome the team like Manchester United, and now I was looking forward to Manchester derby because of defeating man. Chester United with his own hands is the best. "However, Akan Yi will meet the childhood love team. Yi may have to anticipate the real pitch on the field with Aye Merick Lapor, who is about to disappear from the injury at that time, as well as Nathan Age, who is ready to push the real standing with Ru Ben Di. too
To the champion?"Wenger" analyzes Arsenal after this season of seasons like this.|Arsene Wenger, a high -experienced manager of French Came out to show confidence in the former love team like "Cannon" Arsenal, the famous club of the English Premier League stage that there is a good hope for the championship this season. The league is now. After winning up to 5 games from a total of 6 matches in the league game, collecting 15 points, with both Manchester City and Liverpool, the latest, the latest 72 -year -old coach has opened his heart to the former club that used to control that "I must say that they are going in the right way. Now I think he is strong in every position. And can't see that there are any defective points. "" Many players are still young And has a bright future Including reinforcement, it is considered to do well as well In the past, we were able to end the season with the first 4 often. Then why in this season, we can't do it again? "" You guys can't overlook the truth in these matters. I still believe that they have a chance to win the championship. And hope that they can do that. "The French coach opened his heart.
Boiling program!"Stamps" Jacha "Anisa" celebrate one comeback at Thailand at the beginning of next year.|Thai fans prepared Hi on Championship, preparing to return to Siam and exploded with the battle. One Fight Night 6, on the first female Superfighting battle sign in the history between "Stamp Fair Tex" and "A Nissa Mexen "is scheduled to be held on January 14, 2018 at Impact Arena, Muang Thong Thani, due to the press conference" One Lumpinee (One Lumpini) "on Monday. 12th, "Mr. Chatree Sitthong," the founder of the president and CEO Wan Championship, announced the return of the competition in Thailand again in January, with the operation. The opening of a hybrid Superfight Mixed fighting (MMA) X Muay Thai, who captures the top Thai female fighters "Stamp Fair Tex" as the World Grand Prix, atomic version of the Skill with "Anis Sisa Sen", the owner of the championship. The world of kicking boxing and Muay Thai Which is considered the first female hybrid rules in the history. In addition, Big Boss One also revealed the battle of the World Championship of the Thai Muay Thai Muay Thai Champion "Tang Chit Muang Non" and the Thai Boxing throne. The Bantamweight version "Nong Oh, a five -star grilled chicken" for the great celebration of the return of One in Thailand, with the One Fight Night 6 battle, which is considered the full competition again in 2 and a half years after the last time in one: a New Breed 3 on August 28, 2020, a Thai sports fan who longs for a exciting atmosphere close to the edge of the field. Can buy tickets from today at Thaiticketmajor.com And can follow the progress on Facebook One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc.com
Sivichai 2 games attached!BG, Pathum, attached to the Port Authority Open Package 4-2, plus 3 points.|The Hilux Revo Thai League 2022-23 between "The Rabbit" BG Pathum United opens the house to receive the visit of "Sing Harbor" Port Authority FC at BG Stadium on Wednesday 14 September 2022, the first half of the game, 18 minutes, BG Pathum United, 1-0 lead from the right corner kick. In the evening, opening the ball from the corner deep to the far pole for Irefan Fany to jump up the gateway beautifully. Right of the door But the shot of the young striker still goes straight to Kittiphong Phu, the rope of the 36th minute, Coronalongkhiri fell into the rhythm of Thanaboon Kesarat before the referee checked VAR and raised the red card to Thanaboon Kesarat, causing the Port Authority. FC, 10 players left, 42 minutes, Abhisit Sorada Speed ​​up to pick up the ball on the left side. And opened a prominent ball to the center for Im San Fany to leap into the 2-0 away goal of BG Pathum United before the first half of the competition. Injury time 45+3 Port Authority FC has a goal 2-1 from Theerasak revealing Phimai in the second half of the 60th minute. Hamilton Sorase, the ball has dropped in front of the BG penalty area. PUU before paying out to the right to Supanan Burirat to run up to beat, but the ball is still light and unable to overcome Kittiphong Phu. -1 When Pathom Phon Charoen Rattana Phirom Cross ball entered the 6 -yard frame and was the Daeng Da Da -Da, who was tilted. The ball rushed beautifully in the ceiling of the 78th minute. Paulo Konradon took the defensive line of the Port Authority into the penalty area before breaking up with the right for BG Pathum United to lead the United 4-1 minutes at 90+3. The Port Authority of FC has a 4-2 goal from William Gabriel Vader Cher. After that, there is no more goal to finish the game. BG Pathum United beat the Port Authority FC 4-2 by the next appointment program. The "The Rabbit" in the Hilux Revo, Thai League 2022-23 Match Day 6, attacked "to the destroyer" PT Prachuap FC on Sunday, September 18, 2022 at 17.30 hrs. Ao Stadium, the list of players of both teams, BG, Pathum United: Kittiphong Phupua, rope (goalkeeper), Phanprai Suwan, Irefan Fany, Andres Tu Nes, Abhisit So Rada (Ernesto Phumpa Nor. 77), Sarach Yoo Yen (team leader), Pithiwat Sukchit Thamkul, Chatmongkol Thongkiri (Worachit Karit Sri Bamphen 65), Pathomphon Charoenratana Phirom (Charoen Sak Wongkon, 77), Diego Louis Santo (Paolo Conraodor 65), Iksan Fany (Theerasil Daeng Dan, 56). Worawut Srisupha (goalkeeper), Titatorn Aksornsri, Serck Cho Suarez, Pakorn Premphak, Thanaboon Kesarat (Team Leader), Bodin Phala, Theerasak revealed Phimai, Supanan Burirat, Frans Putoros, Hamilton Soa RES, Air
Open your head beautiful!The Thai national team collapses Afghanistan 3-0, starting the Asian champion U20.|Asian Football Championship Under the age of 20 years, the first Group G qualification between the Thai national team, met with the Afghanistan national team at Alsada Sport Complex on Wednesday 14 September 2022. This game, Salbador Balero Garcia Place the Phu Wont Thongkui as a face with a raised word. The two wings are Thanakrit and gags. Open for the opening for the people to be held for Thailand before 1-0 and the only goal in the first half. The second half, 55, Krirk Pho Barum fired a safe bounce into Phu Wanyong Kui. Thailand leads to 2-0 minutes. 65. Kor. The payment is paid to Thanakrit La-Or, shot the left into the door to the Thai national team to leave to 3-0. The rest of the time has no more goals. The Thai U20 defeats Afghanistan for 3-0 to collect the first three points successfully. The next Thai national team will meet with the Philippines at Al-Sport Complex on 16 September 2022 at 23.45 hrs. The players of both at Manongsak Duengsa (GK), Nicknusbawom, Thee Kwinchanasri, Chanaphat Bua Phan (C), Sitta Bunla, Kakka Kham Nam, Phu Wanyong Kui, Thanawat Sai Phet, Thanakrit Laklak, Bukka Ri Lem Dee, Krirk Phorom
"Potter" is not beautiful!Chelsea Salzburg 1-1 sinking the champions league group|Grammar Potter Hughe in the first army, Chelsea can do it. Champions League UEFA Football Champions League, Group, Group, the second match between Chelsea under the new manager, GramPotter, who started the first game team. The last match, this program lost the form "Sterling-Obama Mayoyoung" paired the house to open the Salzburg duel with one point from the first game "Benjamin Seosco". Star Test. Kicking in many positions as well. Sezar Azpilica Da came down to stand at the center with Thiago Silva. The offensive line for Pierre-Emerik Obameyong to stand with Rahim Sterling, Kai. Harwarez and Mason Mount were to enter the ball behind Salzburg. There was a way to Benjamin Seosco and Noah Oakvor. First, Chelsea invaded 22 minutes. Georginho drops the ball to Rez James before finding an opportunity to open a semi -shot. Mark Guku Riel, inserted back before cutting the ball, then came to Mason Mount, beat the right side of the ball, go back to the left pole on the left. The penalty area of ​​Kepa Arizabalanga Fall out of the safe back The first half is equal. 0-0 into the second half of the 48th minute. Mason Mount plays the ball from the right, the visiting team, kicking the Vahee Sterling Weight, trap the ball in the penalty area and spin the chelsea. Moved 1-0 through the 74th minute. But does not create a problem with Gapa Arisabalangka Accepting comfortably, but only in the minute, Junior Adamu came out to the right side. Rubelofatus-Sheik tried to extract, but the ball was still in the rival. The first shot of the temple was shot on the pole. 1-1 After that, there is no additional goal. The end of the Chelsea game, Salzburg 1-1, two matches, with only one score, sinking the plum group.
"Halnd" is hard to win!Manchester City Rua Saint Dortmund 2-1 leads the group of Group G.|Erling Halnd shoots the old team! Manchester City opened the Dortmund 2-1 house in the Champions League Group, the UEFA Champions League Football Group 2022-23, Group 2 Group. Wednesday, 14 September 65, "Blue Sailing" Manchester City opened the Etihad Stadium. Pep Guardiola, Spanish trainer The first game attacked Sevilla in this event with a overwhelming game. This game sent Manuel Akan Ji, a new defensive line down to the old team, as well as Erlinghalan, who stood in front of Riyadh Mahra. So and Jack Greek, with Kevin de Bruyne, the first half of the game, the first half of the game of Manchester City is superior to the visiting team. But still looking for a rhythm to score a goal, not making the end of the first half. Manchester City is still drawing. Dortmund is 0-0 in the second half of the 56th minute. Jud Blling Ham, he changed the way in the penalty area to the net. Then, the 80th minute Manchester City rival 1-1 from John Stones to 84 minutes. 1 from the rhythm of Chu, take the Kanslo to pay the Koi ball into the penalty area. Erling Halnd floated to shoot in the rest of the time. The two teams did not end. Sia Dortmut 2-1, collecting 6 points from 2 matches
Real Madrid smashed softly. Leipzig 2-0 lead the group F.Champions League|Real Madrid opened the house, slaughtered the air beat Air Bei Lipzig 2-0, collecting 6 points as a group of F. F. Champions UEFA Football League Champions League, season 2022-23, group stages, Group F, match 2, Wednesday 14 Sep 65 between the old champion "White King" Real Madrid from La Liga, Spain opened the Santi field. Aco Bernabeu received the visit of Air Bei Lipzig from Bundesliga. Germany Carlo, Carlo, Carlot Tenth, "White King", the first game in the cup of ears, showing a luxury form with the attacking of Celtic 3-0. Invasion of Fede Rico Valvede, Rod Rico and Vinicius Junior, while Marco Roosho, a new manager who came to do the team instead of Domico Te. Desco, who was bounced after leading the team to lose to Chucka Donetsk is messy. 1-4 The results show that In the first half, both teams had a chance. But still ending the score is not sharp enough The first half of the Real Madrid is always 0-0 Air Bei Zig, the second half to the 80th minute. Real Madrid got a 1-0 goal from the rhythm of Vinicheus Junior to pass the ball. Fede Rico Baller guessed with the left beautifully into the injury 90+1. Real Madrid escaped to 2-0. Toni Kros paid to Marco Azenzio with the left. End of the Real Madrid game to win 2-0 Air Bei Byper Byper Byper, collected to 6 points from 2 matches. Dinamo Sagarb, Manchester City 2-1, Borussia Dortmund, Chelsea 1-1 Red Bull Salzburg Real Madrid 2 -0 Air Bei Lipzig Makkabi Haifa 1-3 Paris Saint Germain Juventus 1-2 Ben Phenga FC Copenhagen 0-0 Sevaya Rangers 0-3 Napoli
Hey, 2 matches!PSG invaded Macquet Haifa 3-1, leading the group of H|Paris Saint-Germain, attacking the Makabi Haifa 3-1, won 2 matches in the group of H in UEFA Football Group. Champions League UEFA Football Champions League, Group H, the second match at the Sammy, Offer Stadium, is a Makkabi Haifa Duel and Paris Saint-Germain PSS. Ligue giants began with three points above Juventus, Mr. Crisatof Kalin, the offensive line of the three -way. Barca's manager Makkabi, Baka Bacar, who lost the first game for one minute and 8 seconds. PSG has a golden chance of Kiel Yan Embap, dragging the penalty area on the left, but the rhythm. Shooting in the host's goalkeeper, but Makabi Haifa made football fans in the field in the 24th minute, Dolev Hsee, set up a fort from the right to the far pole. The left-handed the ball, nevertheless, the 37th minute, the visiting team from France always hit 1-1 Kiyan Embpe, slapped from the left into the Leonel Messi gun, scoring the door in front of the door. The remains of the game have been proceeded to the 64th minute. PSG missed the golden opportunity. Leonel Messi snatched into the penalty area on the left before shooting to the far pole, but the goalkeeper fell in time, but the 69th minute Paris Overtaking 2-1 from the coordination of Leonel Messi stabbed Kiel Yan Embpe, inserted into the penalty area on the left before shooting with the right pole. At the third place, when Marco Verratti lifted the ball across the support for Neymar to decorate the left and then shot. The VAR net checks advanced but has no effect before the goal. 3-1 The end of the PSG game. . Grab 6 points full of the group of the group H with goals-better than Benfica, who won the 2-1 in the battle.
Chelsea 1-1 Red Bull Salzburg: Gleaning the issue after the Group lion dropping the group of the group.|UEFA Champions League football 2022/23 Wednesday night, September 14, 2022 Chelsea 1-1 Red Bull Salzburg Stadium: Stamford Bridge Today is the official match of Chelsea's new Grees Potter, who sees quite a lot of differences, since the method of playing backbacks. To the way of playing today, of course, the overall picture of the Blue Lion is more attacking the ball, but the opportunity to do, there are still many points that are displeased. In addition, the goals that can be done in this game come from the visiting team mistakes. While when they created the opportunity, they were not absolute enough. Until this game ends with a lot of results for the blue lion fans Go the most. Graham Potter. Chelsea plays too sure. Focusing on sure is not good? Of course, if your game is leading or having an advantage It is a way to do. But when the team needs points They need to risk shooting. Risk stabbing through the channel Dare to be more brave enough to try to pass the ball to focus on the foot near the foot. The Navy Blue Lion Party That has many chances to win But too much of the ball Refusing to play the first rhythm Causing the ball to return to the front of the area is not dangerous To the extent that the chances of shooting at the number of numbers are still less than the visiting team at the end of the game Armando Brojachelsea FC V FC Salzburg: Group E - UEFA Champions League / Mike Hewitt / Gettyimages. This, in addition to planning to play in a high chase, chase and chase the game throughout the game. One of the highlights of the visiting team in this game is the physical strength of the players that seem to be above the Chelsea's football. The more obvious, the rhythm of the ball is covered and the clash. The host seems to be secondary, but it is also good that Lion Blue itself is enough to use the team to work with a unique ability to replace the physiology to a certain extent. Pierre-Americik Aubameyang, Bernardo. This season of Chelsea seems to not be able to resolve, even though the team manager has changed. That is a decisiveness at the end of the score. That today has a chance to not know how many times But instead fired a bird Since the Walley of the Mont, the open shot of James, the shot of Boriya, or even the rhythm of the charger, and many more in this game that should be changed into score. But completely missed Which cannot beat the door is equal to waiting for the rival Both goals in this game are involved from the mistakes of both teams. Mason Mount Chelsea holds the group of the group from the results. In this game, Chelsea has only 1 point from 2 games in the group stages. Until the 4th place in the Group G Group, while Salzburg has 2 points in the 3rd place, Dinamo Zagreb, which, despite losing tonight, but there are 3 from winning the Blue Lion in the game. First, holding the 2nd place and Milan won 1 draw, 1 is a group of 4 points. The red demon is the next 2 competitors in this program of Blue Lion Which will return to kick after the program at the beginning of October Which can say that it is definitely tired of the size with the secondary team to do anything The next two matches must meet the league championship team and must win as well ... AC Milan V Dinamo Zagreb: Group E - UEFA Champions League
"McGuire" is startled. Guru suggests the new captain of Manchester United.|The former French midfielder Eman The Manchester United Football Club of the English Premier League at this time from Harry McGuis to the new players of the England defender's team, was dropped from the real position in the team of Eric. Ten Hak in the past few games, Maggur River has a real starter for the Dutch manager. While the 52 -year -old master confirmed the captain of the 29 -year -old center team, with the game that did not enter the field. The captain's armband was delivered to Bruno Fernands instead, but Pette believed that Christian Ericsen was a footballer whose duties were more appropriate. "Rafael Varan did a good job, but I thought he was a bit shy on the field and didn't show the concentration of playing or personality that was suitable for being a captain of Manchester United. " Yai said. "The only player who should be responsible for the captain of them is Christian Ericsen. He has the right personality and character. As well as being fully dedicated throughout the period in the field as well. "
This work is bored!"Cherry Sam Khok" even has to move behind Chelsea, sinking the plum group.(picture)|Out to move again for "Cherry Sam Khok" or Latapha Ratchamorn Choti, a sexy female model that must be said to be a true fan of "Blue Lion", the famous Chelsea team of the Premier League England by the latest match Famous team from London Can only open the house with Red Bull Salzburg, a famous team from Austria 1-1 in the UEFA Champions League Group, Group E, on Wednesday night, September 14, is considered Beginning to control the first team of Graham Potter, the new manager who must say that they cannot pick up the desired competition results. And made it 2 games. "Lion Blues" fell to the final rank of Group E Immediately, after the game, the young model even had to post pictures and messages. "I don't know what to bother. The mystery of the day launches the coach. Launching Sarry, losing, launching Lampard, Always launching T -Cles and always launching the Potter. "Before the end of the long castle that "I don't know what to say except the same problem." This event said that all the fans flocked to encourage each other for the Cherry Sam Khok into the industry from being a supporting actor. After that, he had the opportunity to shoot sexy and then turned to play erotic movies. Before deciding to say goodbye to the sexy movie industry for over 10 years, but now still accepting works, shooting and shows for fans to see, including translating documents Film subtitle And there is a rental business, which she currently has many fans, both on Instagram and Facebook, with more than 1 million followers. Seeing this, I must say that her sexiness and charm can win the hearts of the fans.
About the times!Former leader of the cat revealed the incident Liverpool, Manchester United brushed the opportunity to sign "Halnd".|John Vick, former leader of Mold's scout team, gave an interview about the time he was impressed with the training of Erlinghaland and the team, including the Big team in the Premier League. Miss the opportunity to sign a contract with Wonder Kid Norway Halnd Used to take the time on the football route with the maximum league of Norway between 2017-2019 before moving to grow with Red Bull Salzburg. In the meantime The manager tried to convince Manchester United to grab Halan to join the army. "I remember one day when watching Erling practiced on the field. At that time, he was with us for about 7-8 months and he rehearsed hard to be part of the team. I remember walking to Olegunar Seoul, who acted as the manager at that time and told him that -You have to call Manchester United. The friend of what we are watching is clearly north.-"Vick said to Di Athletic." I and Ole understand that this child is excellent. really We will not be able to hold him to the team for a long time. Of course, Ole agreed with me everything and replied. -I will call them. Manchester United must be aware of this child's ability-"" I have a friend in United when I work there with them in the early 2000s, even though my colleagues. So much that I know that I will not be with the team. I told Ole to call Nicky Butt (the leader of the Red Devils of the Red Devils at that time) or anyone because this child is excellent. "" That. It happened before Erling even played seriously with Mold. Ole called to tell the name of this football to the Red Devils. But after that they had any continuous plans, then? I couldn't know. "Manchester United did not move forward in an attempt to grab Halnd at that time. When the pen with Salzburg later, they spent the 2018 summer at the same time grabbing Fred and Doko Dalots from Chatdar Donets. C and Porto respectively "Liverpool Should get him. Arsenal is another team that should have got him. Everyone is closely watching Halnd's pace, but those clubs think that the striker in the role of number 9 must be high and the full capabilities. They think that Haland will play in the role of the target striker only. I can take life as a guarantee that You can't assess him that narrow. "" At that time, I didn't like the way he played his back to the door. He can't tackle the ball well. But I like the method that he flipped the ball Attack the empty space of competitors Speed ​​to beat the opponent between LINE Movement in the penalty area He doesn't want to possess the ball for a long time. He just wants to flip the ball as soon as possible. "" Many clubs will definitely hit their heads now because we have seen how great they are now. "
United Kingdom statistics!The highest league team Northern Ireland sent a 13 -year -old child to play before doing the assist immediately.|Remember the name of Christopher Atorton because this name may become a world -class footballer in the future. When he had the opportunity to start the field for Glevon, the team from the highest league of the Northern Ireland at the age of just 13 years, only 329 days, sent him to be a footballer who entered the field with the youngest age in the history of The United Kingdom went by default. This historical minute occurred in the League Cup competition. The first round of Ireland, the game between Glen, the team from the League Division 1 opens the house. Dolring Town The team from the League Division 3, on the night of Tuesday 13 September, which the game Griehaldon, the manager, has put the name of the 13 -year -old rising star in the backup until the 75th minute, he decided. Sent Ator Tan, who wore a shirt number 27 to the field instead of Jack Malone before finding that this was the best decision in life, because after entering the field, Atherton did not show alarmed. While also playing with adults without fear until he was able to accomplish the assist in the final goal of the game, helping Glen to win 6-0 through the second round It was truly the day of the youngster Ather because he was able to do assists since the first game in life at the age of just 329 days, and also breaking the football team record for the big team with age. The smallest in the history of the United Kingdom in the 42 years of Emon Collins, a former Ireland footballer. Which entered the Blackpool team on September 9, 1980 in the game Anglo-Scottish Cup at the age of 14, 323 days. Happy and proud to see Ator Tan, who was in the club's academy since the age of 4, has perfectly debuting the field for the 41 -year -old manager through the YouTube channel, "He is Good child I am happy to watch him every week in the past 8 years because he played on the academy team. He looks happy to be a great child. But the work he did after practicing at the club and the dedication that he wanted to be a professional footballer is really unbelievable. " He works both day and night. He eats the right food and going to bed at the right time. He does everything that can be done in order to be a better footballer and give yourself the opportunity to be the best professional footballer. I have watched him for many years. And I have said that it will be the best player I have ever seen at this age. "After that, Gun Garrie Hamilton also revealed that there are teams from Scotland and Ireland to buy A. Thorton continued to mold in the academy. But he has not decided to release this rising star from the club. Because there are still many points that need to be developed a lot. The world record at this time is still the 11 -year -old Eric Marchal, the Liberian, who entered the FC Gar'ou team in League 4 in Liberia in 2021, but if only the highest league will belong to Maurici. Obaldivie Eoso, a Bolivia boy who played for Club Orro Club in the game, met Lapaz in 2009 at the age of 12 years.
Scary numbers!The media revealed "Ronaldo" denied the enormous wage from the team in Saudi Arabia.|Delhi Mail, the famous media of England, reported that Cristiano Ronaldo, Manchester United striker, denied an expensive proposal from Al Hilal club in Saudi Arabia. To pull himself into the event with a contract for 2 years with a 121 million euros offers (about 4,425 million baht) per season, Ronaldo, 37, is in the final contract with Manchester United, which is the season that he Continuously became a substitute And he has had the news that he had farewell to the team throughout the summer. However, he continued with the team, with the report stating that Al Hilal had submitted a proposal for him to consider the number of numbers up to 242 million euros (about 8,850 million baht) is a wage for him throughout the contract for 2 years. However, the proposal has already been rejected. For the reason that the person wants to move to the leading European team only. Al Hilaol is one of the big clubs of Saudi Arabia. And had previously pulled many players from the European league to work with. Currently, Luciano Vietnam is spearheading. Argentine is their main striker. Which has been played for both Atletico Madrid, Seviea, Fulm and Sporting Lisbon
Beautiful, shouting!Open the warp "Kansa", the heroine AV, the former ballet (picture)|Take to know the latest Japanese beautiful girl who turned from sports Entering the adult film industry or the AV (Adult Video), this girl is called Kansa Fuji, 32 -year -old Agency, Eight Man Pro, which was released on June 14 with Madonna Camp. AV movie that focuses on selling points is a young female star, working age or a housekeeper. Madonna Explain in the debut work that She is a married woman who is good at the ballet and gymnastics, which "Kansa Jang" has a weak dance base since childhood. And have been in the ballet competition seriously. In many stages, the famous AV camp also stated that Kansa -chan had previously had a magazine shooting event before. The study is quite high. (Do not reveal the details of where and at any level). It can be said that it is a beautiful woman full of ability. And ready to use ballet skills to apply to the style on the bed in this first work. For the first work of Kansa Jung, the JUQ-010 code is on sale in July 2022 and is now in the process. The production of new works From the overwhelming response in the launch For those who want to follow her online, you can go to Twitter @fuji_kanna8.
This time, survive!"Daiteta", a young journalist almost had to edit this crazy bet like this (picture)|Considered to become a buzz around the world for the dizzy heroism of Dadeta Le Eda, the Italian female correspondent of Dazn, a giant media. That announced the race of the competition in the European football game, with a 31-year-old beautiful journalist announced before the game, "If Barcelona can defeat Bayern Munich 3-0 I will walk to fix the fabric into the Camp Nou. In the game, both of them will meet. "This event immediately created alarm. -0 made the fans disappointed as well, and she also revealed that he was lucky. And the relief that survived the crazy bet, which a young female reporter from Catalia was considered as the number 1 in the sport of the Italian sports correspondent. With the image of a talented woman hidden with sexy As well as having a good knowledge of football games, giving her a follower on Instagram up to 8.5 million people, which, until today, she revealed that it is not easy. "In 2018, I was the only one who was a woman. That has worked in the football world with all men dominated I have loved football since childhood. It's not easy. But now I am very happy that the work in this branch is full of women. "For Daiteta Le Ecota, it is known by grabbing the position of" Miss Elegant ", a beautiful woman contest. At the age of 20 years, then traveled to Rome. To start the TV announcer Before becoming famous throughout the world when the Napoli supporters in the Stadio San Paolo field shouted to her to fix the stadium. To show off the puppet to see in full eyes in September 2019
It's starting!"Messi" moves forward "Ronaldo", smashing 2 statistics in the UEFA Chula.|Lionel Messi, Paris Saint-Germain The French Ligue Giant Club started to overtake Cristiano Ronaldo, Manchester United's striker in the UEFA Champions League football match, with a 35 -year -old star who just scored goals. Get one ball In the game that the agency attacked 3-1 to defeat Macquet Haifa in the UEFA Champions League Group, the group of H on Wednesday night, September 14, which was considered a new record by Is the player who scored the most competitors with 39 teams in the European football competition And is considered to overtake Cristiano Ronaldo, standing up one of the statistics after the previous statistics, together 38 games. In addition, the Argentina national team striker It is also the first player in the history that scored in the UEFA Champions League. Long continuously for 18 seasons. Summary of the top 5 players who score goals at the most competitors in the UEFA Champions League 1. Lionel Messi (Argentina): Score goals 39 teams 2. Cristiano Ronaldo (Portuguese): Score goals 38 teams 3. Karim Benzema (French): Score goals 34 teams 4. Raul Gonzalez (Spain): Do 33 teams of competitors. 5. Robert Lewandovski (Poland): Scoring 31 competitors. However, Lionel Messi is still Deputy Cristiano Ronaldo in the matter of The goalkeeping statistics in this program. Currently, 126 goals are the second captain of the Portuguese national team. That still occupies number 1 in the matter of collapsing the door at 140 goals
"Green Wood" Return!Manchester United registered the U21 quota, plus the rights of the premiere league.|Manchester United of the English Premier League registration of Mason Greenwood in the quota of the football under 21 years, who can play in the highest league, the city of the 2022/23 season, although the lawsuit of Referred to at this time there is no conclusion. The 20 -year -old Red Devils ball is in the process of prosecution involving physical assault, threatening to kill and raped his girlfriend since the end of January. And have not played for Manchester United since then The said lawsuit is still under the continuous investigation process, with Eric Tenhak's team sent the name of the age as a quota of the player under the age of 21, which has the right to enter the field for the team in This season on the Premier League stage Although there is no name of Greenwood in the UEFA Europa League team in any way, the latest game that the Red Devils had to go back to January 22 in the game to beat West Ham United. 1-0 for the list of Manchester United players that over 21 years old and register to go through the Premier League 2022/23 as follows: Oko Dalot- David de Gea- Antnee-Cristiano Ronaldo- Martin Du Brove- Tom Hee Tan- Victor Linde love- Hae Rye Maggaira-Taiyarell Maladee- Anto Ni Marseille-Lisan Do Martinez- Scott McTamani-Marcus Rash Ford- Chedion Sancho- Freret- Luke Chaw- Donnie Fan de Bake-Rafa Van- Aron Wan- Bissaka- Brandon Williams
"Chanathip" leads the army!Baby, 23 Thai national football teams, Kings Cup, 48th time|Announcement of 23 Thai national football players The 48th King Cup football match set at the Football Association of Thailand Under the royal patronage Organized the 48th King Cup football competition at the 700 -year -old Chiang Mai celebration stadium, Mano Polling, head coach Therefore announced the list of the last 23 players to compete Between 22 -25 September, with a total of 23 athletes having the following names 1. Thirathorn Bunma, Buriram United Club 2. Narubadin Wirawatnodom, Buriram United Club 3. Phansa Hemavibun, Buriram United Club 4. Supachai Jai Jai Buriram United Club 5. Suphanat like Buriram United Club 6. Sarach Yu Yen, BG Pathum United Club 7. Pathom Phon Chareon Rattanaphirom, BG Club, Pathum United 8. Pithiwat Sukchit Thamkul, BG Pathum United 9. Kittiphong Phu Tawat, BG Pathum United 10. Chon Buri FC 11. Charn Narong Promsri Kaew, Chonburi FC Club 12. Chatmongkol Thanaroj, Chon Buri FC 13. Bodin Phala, Port Authority Club 14. Theerasak revealed Phimai. Port Club FC 15. Supanan Burirat, Port Club, FC 16. Kampon Pathomkhakul, Ratchaburi FC 17. Chakraphan Kaewprom, Ratchaburi FC 18. Wirathep Pomphan, Muang Thong United Club 19. Picha Utra, Muang Thong United Club 20. Thitiphan Puangchan, True Bangkok United Club 21. Chalermsak Akkhi, Polis Tero FC 22. Supo Chok Sanchart, Hokkaido Console Sapporo 23. Chanathip Songkhasin Club The 48th King Cup football competition program is as follows: Thursday 22 September 2022 - Couple 1 at 17:30 hrs. Live AIS Play-Couple 2 at 20:30 hrs. The Thai national team meets the Malaysian national team. Live broadcast on Thai Rath TV, HD32 and AIS Play, Sunday, September 25, 2022- the 3rd rankings at 17:30 hrs. . The 1st match team meets with the 2nd win team at the 700th anniversary of Chiang Mai.
This is clear!"Bllingham" opens up after being linked to the first target Liverpool.|Borussia Dortmund's England midfielder Joodbling Ham, the famous team in Bundesliga Germany, confirms that he is still happy with playing in Germany amidst. The news of moving to play in the English Premier League, his own hometown, 19 -year -old, has a contract with Dortmund to the middle of 2025, with he moved from Birmingham City in 2020 with a high cost. To 25 million euros and the most expensive sales deal of Birmingham Club as well Before he showed out the work outstanding Stepped into the main character of the team And already attached to the British national team That made him news to many clubs in the Premier League, especially with Liverpool, with Bllingham back to England again to play in the Champions League game, which will meet Manchester City. "I come to play the game. this (With Manchester City) to want Dortmund to win in this game. If I play well, it's like a personal bonus. But I came here with a clear goal. I am happy every minute here. And I have a clear goal for the team today And do not think about the past. "" Dortmund Represents a warm welcome to me since the first day I moved to the event. They give me the opportunity to develop myself. Going back to the past Or only looking at the future It is not respecting what the club does. Moving the team is not what I think. Or are thinking I didn't think anything about this. I'm only interested in playing for the team. "
Never told anyone!"Ajax shooting star" revealed the secret "Ten Hak" used to send a message like this.|Ajax Amsterdam's striker Brian Brian Brian Brix Amsterdam admitted that he had been invited by Eric Ten Hak to play in the Premier League for Manchester United, but he denied it because he wanted to prove. Myself ERERD VISIG Holland, before reporting from the 20 -year -old ESPN, grew up from Ajax's academy before the famous Air Bei Zig of the Bundesliga. Will pull to join the team without value in 2021 and was bought back to Amsterdam Arena again with a fee of 16.2 million euros. Came out to admit to the ESPN news agency that he had been contacted by the Dutch manager to persuade him to move to play in Odd Trafford before he decided to move back to Ah Jack. "Eric (Ten Hak) sent a message to me. Yes, he congratulated me. And told me that he wanted to get me to play for Manchester United, but I still have a job that Ajax I still want to show something for them to see. "Bribby said. Will not be able to pull Brobby to join the team, but Ten Hak is able to grab 2 Ajax, Lisan Drophorez and Anthony successfully and they are doing. Good work in the color of the Red Devils team as well.
unfortunate!Small table, War Elephants lose Iran at the end of the game 2-3, only win the 3rd at Connectal 2022.|The small table battle "Continental Futsal Championship Thailand 2022" at Indoor Stadium Hua Mak on September 15, 2022, the first semifinals of the Thai national team. The World Championship is the 6th Iranian national team in the world and was an old champion last year. This game "Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, the Thai Futsal team manager Still encouraging the army of small tables on the edge of the stadium by Carlos Sezar, the first 5 coach sent, consisting of Kathawut Han Khampha, the goalkeeper from Bangkok BTS, Krisada Wongkaew, the captain of Blue Wave Chon Buri, Itsachapraphan from ASM Port Authority, Jesada Chuadet from ASM Port Authority and Narongsak invoiced from the cold room. Samsa Iran, the Iranian national team, first sent to the first 5 goalkeeper Shina Pakas, Mohammed Daigrai, Mosslem Groak Hobak, Ahmed Ba Zebz and Saraka Pure, with the second set, a trick like Oszena Taeybe, the captain of the team, Starting, starting the game. After not being satisfied with the decision from the beginning of the game to the game 8, Saraka Pure opened from the left to the second pole and Mohammed Daigrai, Charging in, allowing Iran to lead Thailand 1- 0 hrs. 10 Ahmed Abba, Giant, Iran, repeatedly pressed the double-front sword. Thailand got the second penalty after MD Karimi made Fall Krit Aranyasaklak. It is the 6th foul of Iran, but Supawut Barban was attached to the goalkeeper of Iran, Sae Domy, who saved. Injury Had to go out and go out to rest Before the end of the first half, Iran brought Thailand 2-0 back to go back in the second half. 25 Supawut Barbao Klang, the captain instead of Krisada, pressed free kick on the right side. The ball rushed into the triangle beautifully, helping Thailand to hit the eggs. Iran 1-2 hrs. 29 The Thai supporters can be hesan. The first pillar of the pillars in the kind of Pakas Pakas, Mr. Dan, Iran, did not send to Thailand, rival 2-2, along with the influence of the 3-door goalscoring. Until only one minute left, Iran got a 3-2 goal from Sara Akapua. After that, there was no more goal. The Thai game lost. Iran was unfortunately. 2-3 was only the 3rd to win. Waiting to meet the winners between Morocco and Finland, who will kick at 19:30 hrs. The 5th partner of Vietnam defeats Masambi 3-1, allowing Vietnam to grab the 5th place, while Mozambic grab the 6th place for the 3rd round of competition. 16:30 hrs. And the finals of the competition at 19:30 hrs. On Friday 16 September 2022 by AIS Play, all live broadcasts as before.
The first three points are here!Manchester United attacked Cheeriff 2-0 Europa League.|UEFA Europa League 2022/23 Football Thursday, September 15, 2022, Cheeriff 0-2 Manchester United Stadium: Sheriff Stadium Manchester United invaded Choriff 0- 2, with the goal from Chedon Sano, the 17th minute and the penalty of Cristiano Ronaldo, 39th minute, helping the Red Devils to win the first game in the European football. United who dominate the ball to attack more, but still find the opportunity to finish the score in the first 10 minutes, but then the 17th minute the visiting team has successfully brought from the moment San Cho accepted the ball in the penalty area. Before using the unique ability to see the channel and shot softly into the 22nd minute. Atamwen shone the ball, just a little bit out of the pole. But the ball is overwhelmingly across the beam. The 33th minute, Ronaldo has a chance to shoot in the penalty area. But shot under the ball over the crossbar for 4 minutes. Later, the Red Devils almost got the second goal from the rhythm of Sancho to duel alone in the penalty area, which shot through the goalkeeper's hand. But the host's defender follows the slide from the line in the 39th minute. Manchester United came to get the penalty from the rhythm of Dolt being kicked into the penalty area and was the murder of Ronaldo. The first 45 minutes, Manchester United invaded 0-2 to start the second half for 3 minutes. Bruno had the opportunity to shoot in the penalty area, but still stuck to the first goalkeeper. At 60, the royal robes shot far away, let the ball cross the head, De Gea, but the ball fell slowly, only the beam out. 69 minutes, Ronaldo had the opportunity to shoot outside the penalty area. But the ball is not good, the ball is not in the frame. The 75th minute, Bolo, try to look far, but the ball is still straight. De Gea receives the 88th minute. The ball under the wall, but De Gea still stands excellent. And fell in time. After that, he couldn't do anything until the end of 90 minutes. Manchester United invaded to overcome Cheriff for 2-0 to collect the first three points. Open the house, defeat Omonia Nicheia 2-1, collect 6 points as the leader of the E -player group, Schiff: Mak Sim Kovala -Armen Sohuri, Ka Bie Kiki, Stefanradel Yich, Patrick Potosor -Muhamed Diyop, Musa Kao Ku, Ceedric Bolo -Rajapon B (Felipewi Sew. 73), Abu Quattara (Peron Mobo, 73), Yi Yi Yi Thiamwen (Muda Zuro Salu, 81) Manchester United: David de Gea. , Diego Da Lot (Luke Chawn. 70), Rafael Varan, Lisan Do Martinez (Harry Maggir No. 89), Tyrell. Malacia - Christian Eric Sen, Scott McTamani (Gazi Moro, 46) - Antoni (Alekan Droanacho, 90), Bru No Fernands, Don San Sho -Cristiano Ronaldo (Anthony Lee Langka 81)
"Pep" specified the sailboat to play the wrong game.Before the comeback overtaking Dormun|Pep Guardiola, the big man, Manchester City, is satisfied with the work of the team that follows Borussia Dortmund before the comeback came back to shoot overtaking 2. -1 in the Champions League game stages, the Judblingham group scored the goal for the visiting team first in the early half before John Stones and Erling Hand will score different goals in 10. The last minute of the game Bring the blue sailboat to win two consecutive games in the group stages. "I think that in the first year I came to control the team Whenever we follow, we can't come back. At that time we were not able to turn the game back. This game, Dortmund plays a very good defensive game, Belingham and Ozak, they played the game down. But our real problem is that we are not playing in our rhythm. Later, we can do more. Last year, we came back to win the Villa. We became a league champion this year. We have many games like this. Having a player like Ulean Alvarez is in the team, it helps us a lot in the penalty area. "" I think this game we have a problem. We play the wrong game. Until everything started to enter the way in the last 35 minutes. We followed after 0-1. We have changed. And adjusting the rhythm of playing again. John Stones shot, it may not be the moment we played. But it is the right time He shot very well. After we can't do anything throughout the game With our own incompatibility rhythm. "Manchester City will prepare to play the third game in Champions. League with the opening of the house with FC Copenhagen 6 October 2022
"Potter" is disappointed to control the first game Chelsea.Finish with one pointAlthough satisfied, the team dedicated 100|Chelsea's big boss Said after the first game in controlling the team that was always finished with the Red Bull Salburg 1-1 in the Champions League game and gave them the only score from the first two games of Rahims. Terling became the first player in the era of Potter who scored a goal. Before Chelsea missed a goal in the last 15 minutes of the game and ended in just one score. "Of course, it was very frustrating with just one score in this game. But I think that the team's work is well They are all dedicated. And I'm proud of what they show. "" It's not easy for me. And of course for my team We just worked together They have to work with a new coach. But the result is a professional work Honest with work Respond to practice This is a satisfactory thing. "Chelsea Will play in the Champions League game in the third game, meet with AC Milan in his own home, October 6, 2022
"Klopp" is not happy. The owner of Chelsea proposed the Premier League ideas to organize "All Star Games".|Yergen Klopp, Liverpool Expressing the concept of Todd Bohli, the owner of the Chelsea club With the Premier League to organize "All Star Games" Bohly Chelsea's American club owner Is the owner of the Sports Club business in America, including LA Dodgers, a baseball team, including LA Lakers and LA Spark in basketball. Which will have a competition All star games in every season And he thinks that the Premier League can do the same But not for Klopp, which is considered difficult And football fans should not respond to the concept. "He wants to bring Harlem Gold Gold. (Basketball team that focuses on the show for entertainment) come here? "" If he can find a date, try calling me. Sports in America, players will have about 4 months, but this Europe is not like that. Maybe he explained the reason for this matter to talk. However, I'm not sure if the audience wants to see Liverpool players. And Manchester United players, including Everton to play the same team Or whether to combine with Newcastle This is not the national team game. Or you will bring the players from the club in London together Arsenal-Spurs Come to play together like that? "
Glean up the issue after the UEFA Europa League, the Red Devils invaded the first 3 points.|UEFA Europa League 2022/23, Thursday night, September 15, 2022 Cheriff 0-2 Manchester United Stadium: Sheriff Stadium Ronaldo Unlock the goal with a new record. This game, Cristiano Ronaldo was given a real chance after both Rashford and Marical were still injured, not ready to enter the field. Which today is enough to have the opportunity to win many times But still not as good as it should be It's good to get a penalty to help unlock the first score of the season. But it can be clearly seen from the penalty shooting that seems to not be confident in a hundred that chose to shoot for sure in the middle of the door that is not strong. But it's good that the host's goalkeeper chose to rush to the end of their right hand. This goal is his new statistics because this is the first child in the football life that CR7 can do in the UEFA Europa League at the age of 37, Cristiano Ronaldo. There is good but lack of work team. If looking at the 90 minutes of work, today, Coriff seems to have a distinctive feature of the players' unique ability. Most of them are skin, color, unit, good body, strong body. With techniques and speed Notice that they play attacking games Able to use a unique ability to duel one to one But that became a double -edged sword, because when they could rest the ball, they tend to keep the ball for too long. Or try to continue playing Not choosing to spill or pass the first rhythm, making it a mistake that may have an advantage That makes the dangerous area look too torn, although sometimes they can create real golden opportunities. FBL-EUR-C3-Hheriff-Man United. The situation in the E -victory group in this game made the Red Devils collecting 3 points in European football this season. The second place in the group after two games. The point is equal to the third team Cheeriff, but there is better Head Head. While today, Real Society who beat Manchester United in the first game. It is still excellent by slashing to win Omonia Nicia, 2-1, allowing 6 full points to hold the group at this time. Sheriff Tiraspol V Manchester United: Group E - UEFA EUROPA LeAGue. The Manchester United league program was postponed for 2 consecutive games, both with the weekend crystal palette and Leeds United this Saturday, so they will be able to stay in full because the next week is Is a program of the national team for another week And before coming back to the field again, he had to wait until Sunday 2 October, which was a game that had to invade Eti Hud, Manchester City, a rival of the city, which was quite hot. This time, this will be a true quality indicator game of Eric Ten Hak's team that they are good enough to be a challenger to compete for the league championship this season or not to support the article of True or copy only 90min.com! *Not allowed to copy the script
Resent your girlfriend!"Southgate" announced the names of 28, the British team warlord to the Nation League, Germany-Italy.|Gareth Southgate, the England manager, announced the names of 28, the British national team, the UEFA Nation League, at the end of September that will meet with Germany and Italy, which is completed by the two giants, both Manchester. The United and Liverpool have only 3 names attached to the team. It also has the name of Ivan Toni, spearheading from Brentford, who has the opportunity to serve the nation for the first time, all 28 people have. The name of the goalkeeper: Dean Henderson (Knotting Ham Forest) / Arsenal (Arsenal) / Nick Pope (Newcastle) Defender: Training Alexander Anold (Liverpool) / Ben Shilwell (Chelsea) / Corner Cow (Everton) / Erick Dyer (Tot Nom Hotspur) / Mark Kehee (Crystal Palace) / Rez James (Chelsea) / Harry McGuire (Manchester United) / Luke Chaw (Manchester Ster United) / John Stone (Manchester City) / Fiko Tomaree (AC Milan) / Keeran Triperior (Newcastle) / Kylew Lgerr (Manchester City) midfielder: Judbingham (Borussia Dortmund) / Mason Mont (Chelsea) / Calvin Phillip (Manchester City) / Good Rice (West Ham) / James Word Para (Southampton) striker: Tam Mi Abraham (Roma) / Jarrod Bowen (West Ham) / Philphos (Manchester Ster City) / Jack Greek (Manchester City) / Harry Ken (Tottenham Hotspur) / Buka Yoka (Arsenal) / Rahim Sterling (Che LC) / Evan Tony (Brentford)
Tennis fans are stunned!"Federer" announced the RetarClosed the 24 -year -old route|Close the 24 -year -old route on the arena! Roger Federer, former 1st hand tennis player from Switzerland Has officially announced the hanging hanging after the end of the tennis Cup 2022 at the end of this month. Officially announced hanging out after the end of the Lever Cup 2022 at the end of September, Federer. Currently, 41 years old has not played tennis since the third knee surgery during the 18 months. The latest player played is the Grand Slam Vimbledon last year that was eliminated. Most recently, "Fed X" announced the farewell to the at Lever Cup 2022 in London, England, between 23-25 ​​September, despite the previous intention to go through the Wimbledon next year again. " Decide a difficult Because I am going to miss the competition that I have always passed it. At the same time, there are still many things to celebrate. I played more than 1,500 matches for 24 years. Now it's time to end the competition in the racers. I love you and will never leave you. "" In the past 3 years, I have to fight the problem. Injury, surgery, as everyone knows And I tried a lot to come back to compete with a complete body But I know the limits of the body. It has always warned me that it has reached the destination of the tennis player. "" I will compete in the next week as an ATP program. Last list I hope to play more tennis in the future. But probably not at the Grand Slam level Or on the tour again, "" Fed X "concluded. Roger Federer competed for 24 years, able to win the Tennis at the Grand Slam level for 20 times, Wimbledon 8 times, Australian Open. 6 times, US Open 5 times and 1 French Open and he has previously dominated the world's 1st hand from August 2004 until August 2008 for 237 consecutive weeks.
Not out of the eyes of netizens!"Dao Tik to Spain" submitted the phone number to "Kabi" Shin Wonder Kid Barca (clip)|Collected from the new press conference of Pablo Gabira's contract or "Kabi", the midfielder of Barcelona, ​​which was just held yesterday. Local time, Spanish, with Gabi agreed to extend the contract with Barca to 2026, with a contract to tear the contract up to 1,000 million euros. The teammates like Ansu Fatie, Perey, Ronald Ao, and Karim Benzema, Real Marid's veteran's shooting star, but the issue that became a topic online occurred after The press conference was completed when Gabi was in the section of signing and taking pictures with the fans who came to encourage. Which appears that there is a cute girl football fan Give a small white paper to the rising star. After that, both took a picture together. Which later, netizens, bulls, fiercely, said that she was Anapelayozz Anita Anita Anuslayo, a beautiful star. After that, this clip was published on social media. And it became a viral trend immediately Until the audience has passed 7 million times In the midst of many comments that came to tease Gabi that they might be able to go home with a new contract for Gabi to grow up with the world of Barcelona's name Lamasia before being pushed. Came to play in the big team in the era of Ronald Khuman last season And doing a great job beyond the age Until becoming the main character of the team in the era of Shabie Eerendez, as well as stepping up to the Spanish national team.
Send your heart to cheer!"Dolphin", a female fighter "Gomez", UFC Fight Night, this Sunday.|UFC, martial arts organizations and the greatest combinations in the world Prepare to bomb the battle for the week. Under the UFC Fight Night: Sandhagen vs Song, the major duel in the Bantamwate coordinates between Cori Sand Hagen, an American fighter with Songya Dong, a fighter from China at the UFC Apex arena. Las Vessicus, United States of America, Sunday, the 18th, the highlight of the program is a fight in the Bantamwate version between "Sandman", a Thai boxer with a unique knee -aged 30 -year -old. Number 4, the statistics winner won 14, losing 4 fights, with the last 2 works, the latest fight, lost the TJ Dillashaw, unanimous and lost. Peter Jen last October last year. I will meet Song Ya Tong or "Kung Fu Monkey", a 24 -year -old Chinese star who has a statistics of 19, losing 6, with the most hot -winning performance, winning 3 fighters. Was winning the TKO. The latest punch Marlon Morass was asleep in the air in the 1st round in March. In the past, the secondary couple was a fight in the Middleweight coordinates between Siddlewet. Between the 32 -year -old American fighter, the statistics winning 22, losing 7 works in the latter. Interesting. In consecutive by "Chidi Bang Bang" will face it with the Gregory Rodriguez, the endless fighter of the nickname "Robocop" from the 30 -year -old Brazil, who has a 12 winning statistics, losing 4, with the last winning work. Complete 4 from the last 6 fights. There is also the arena of the only female fighter in Thailand in the female strawweight coordinates, Thai Dolphin, Dolphin, Bunmoon, or Suphasara, the main fighter. 26 -year -old Thai from Buriram Province With a statistics to win 6, losing 3, will duel with Dense Gomez, a 22 -year -old Brazil, who has a statistics of 6 losses 1 for the dolphins, starting to enter the 8 -sided 8 -sided arena in 2019 and has won from First fight Continue with the defeat of the pair of Gela Hills to Americans in February 2020 and beat Jin Ju Frei, South-American half-female fighter. In May 2021, "The Thai Dolt Film" chase after the American rival Sam Hughes. While the latest fight, Lol loses Lupita Godnes in November last year. There are also many fun and exciting fights waiting on the UFC Fight Night: Sandhagen VS Song. This Sunday, the official match of the UFC Fight Night: Sandhagen VS Song in the main partner -banned model. Tumwet Cori Sand Hagen VS Song Yong Dong -Middle Wenthi Middle Wenthi VS VS Gerry Rodriguez Featherweight Anderey vs Bill Algio, Middleweight Joe VS VS Alelen Def Ski, Heavy Vet Danner VS vs Rodrigo Nassen Counterter, Ferrera, Middle West, Aranendez vs Mark-Andre Baria-Aul, a pair of featherwarm, Jackson vs raft. Sabati, Welterweight, Gils VS, Louis Gosse, Bantam, Women's Aspan Lad VS, Sara Macs, Strawweight. Ying Dense Gomez VS Dolphin Merit Mee Lightweight, Ox Den VS Daniel The female flyweight model Mariya Akapova VS Gillian Robertson, Bantam, Vet Tony, VS VS, Javid Bacharat, Light West Motor Da VS Cameron Camp for the UFC Fight Night: Sandhagen VS Song at the UFC Apex Vesx, Las Vessicus, United States of America, Sunday 18, the main partner began at 09.00 hrs.
"Mano" Wang King Cup helped "J-Czech" called for confidence back to the J.League, revealing the incident 'Mui' Books Cup.|The 48th King Cup football battle movement at the 700th Anniversary of Chiang Mai Celebration Stadium, Chiang Mai Province, after the lottery has finished the match. The semifinals on September 22, Tri Dae and Toe, met Takikistan and "War Elephants", the Thai national team met "Yellow Tiger" Malaysia. The big Thai nation revealed that "Selecting this 23 players Have discussed for months and followed the form in the Thai League Before deciding to choose the players that are considered the best outfit Through the discussion with the club and get a good cooperation. "Head coach of the Thai national team spoke about 2 players in the J.League like" J "Chanathip Songkrasin and" Czech "Supachok Sanchart that "I'm very happy to get both of them to join this team. We know that both of them may not be very much on the field. But they are still great players as before Believe that both of them will give them confidence Both from playing in front of football fans who love them It will make both of them more confident before returning to Japan to fight and demand their positions back. "After that, Mano also mentioned the main players. That has come out of this team, such as "Mui" Theerasil Daeng Da or "Gym" Worachitkanit Sri Bamphen, "It is difficult to cut anyone. But in the decision, there was a discussion with the club to choose the best for the national team, club and players as well. But would like to confirm that the 23 people called are all important people Personally, Teerasil has never been skeptical in the footsteps. Because this is the best Thai striker ever seen But now Thirasilp is not too old. Sometimes we have to give some time to rest and we understand at this point. "The reporter asked if the practice of the practice was quite small before playing the first match with Malaysia or not. The war elephant coach said, "Not worried because all the players who have called to play continuously at the club level. Ready to fit And have 3 days to practice with Malaysia Which is probably chaotic in analyzing the plans to meet with Malaysia But Tajikistan and Tranid and Tobo Will have the opportunity to look at the form of play before and have another 3 days to prepare as well. "For the 48th King's Cup football competition program, the 48th is on Thursday, September 22, 2022, the 1st partner. At 17.30 hrs., Tranid and Tobo national team, meet the Takiki national team, live broadcast, AIS Play, 2nd pair. At 20.30 hrs. The Thai national team found the Malaysian national team at Chiang Mai 700 years, broadcast on the Thai Rath TV channel HD32 and AIS Play Sunday. On 25 September 2022, the 3rd partner at 17.30 hrs. The team loses the 1st pair. Meet the team, losing the second partner, the finals at 20.30 hrs. The team won the 1st partner with the 2nd pair at the Chiang Mai celebration stadium. 700 years
"Emerald Petch VS Tawan Chang" leads the Thai boxing army "Kapitan, Saengmanee, Ferrari", Wade One 161, 29 Sep.|Revealed For the full program of the ONE 161 battle, opposite the boxing screen between the Muay Thai King. The featherweight version "Petch Petch Yindee Academy" and the number one challenger of the King "Tawan Chang PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym" is the major of the program. With the World Championship Belt, One Muay Thai, the featherwood model, which will be lived live on Thursday 29 Sep 65. In addition to the world -off -ephest -year -old couple, previously announced Thai boxing punch fans will also watch the skills of the top 3 Thai fist, such as "Kapitan Petch, Academy", "Saeng Manee PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym" and newbie. Re -Fair Tex "" Kapitan ", former World Champion, One Bog Boxing Will open the battle with Ari Kao. "Alaverdee Ramazanov" who used to usurp the one kick boxing belt But this time, will fight in the Muay Thai rules. "Saengmanee" night of the Arena ONE under the new shirt color. "PK Saenchai" clashing a strong fighter from the Dragon "Zhang Cheng Long" who crosses the line from Kik Boxing to taste the Muay Thai for the first time in One, while "Ferrari" In 2021, it was first released in one in one, with "Han Shih", the best of China, who used to compete with the belt with "Nong O, a five -star grilled chicken". Fans can follow the broadcast of One 161 battle. Can be obtained on Thursday 29 Sep 65 via Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start at 17:00 hrs. And Thai Rath TV Channel 32 at 21: 30 hrs. The competition program in every pair of 21 pairs in the program-Ek Petch Petch, Diamond, Akade, VS Tawan, PK Saenchai, Taiyom boxing (Father Muay Thai World Championship)- Roman Craig VS Guito Insente (Kik Boxing World Grand Prix, Heavy, semifinals)-Iraja Aziz Por vs Bruno Chavest (Kik Boxing World Grand Prix, Heava WeVate, semi-final round)-Zhang Liheng vs VS Seiid Izakama F (MMA Model)-Ritu Fosa VS Tiffany Tia (MMA Atomic)-Wang Cao VS Yuya Wakamatsu (MMA Flyweight) imported program-Kapitan Phet Yindee Academy VS Alaverderama Sanov (Muay Thai Bantamweight)-Saengmanee PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym VS Zhang Cheng Long (Muay Thai Boxing)-Umar Ken VS Baht Radz Gaza FV VS Ferrari Fair Tex (Muay Thai Boxing)-Rodrigo Marillo VS Ruzus Carrying (Wrestle Carrying Ban Tumwat)-Matheus Philipe vs Ali Fola (MMA Middleweight)
Hot every day!The latest of "Yoon Ji", the most young fitness, ginseng (picture)|Take to see the latest body of "Yoon Ji", a beautiful South Korean girl who has a harsh shape. It is also the idol of women who want to fit the puppet of Dan Kimchi for the Yoon Ji girl. Currently, she has a trainer, a model, bodybuilder, including many favorite exercise activities. Including gym, playing polls As well as being a YouTube as well Change yourself from ordinary people. Became a firmware without excess fat The body is full of muscles. Especially the hips and buttocks that Yoon Ji girls are proud of this part of her own part in Instagram yoonji_boooty. The latter has released more images from 18+ types of shooting. Which must be said that it is another new role After previously, most of the shooting works focuses on the exercise concept.
"Dembele - Winisius": The best wing of La Liga|Usman Dambele and 2 -star Junior Junior in the wing position All of which are very important in starting the 2022/23 of Barcelona and Real Madrid, respectively. The latest Lilaga game last weekend. Dembele played as Backups in the second half and scored 1 goal in injury time. Helps Barca attacking the final team of the table 4-0, while Vinicheus scored 1 goal in the second half as well. In the match, Real Madrid beat Real Maga 4- 1 is a record of 5 consecutive goals. Both in the league and the European cup "Dembele" with a good start in this season. Previously, Usman Dambele became the news that they would say goodbye to the Sports Camp Nou after the contract expired. At the end of June But the 25 -year -old foreigner national team decided to renew the new contract for another 2 years. Sabie Eeren Desan, the trainer of "Chao Bun Thum", still let Dembele be part of the club. And the former Borussia Dortmund's wing reward the trust by showing a great form to Dembele's goal in the league game on Saturday. Is the rhythm that runs into the penalty area After that, lock to avoid 2-3 guidelines before breaking up to the right hand through the hands of Jeremius Ladeza, the goalkeeper of Kadis Tung, since La Liga has started in this season. Mobile participated in a total of 4 goals (2 goals and 2 assists). In addition, 2 assists in the UEFA Champions League game winning Victoria Pilsen. Kicking with a history of injury is quite often. If able to maintain the physical condition to be fit consistently May cause Barcelona There is a more terrifying attack game this season. "Win Sius", an important assistant in the attacking game, Vinicheus, the 22 -year -old Brazilian national team, is considered one of the important players in Helping Real Madrid lead the crowd with a 100 percent victory statistics and the only team in the 5 big leagues that do this, get the 2-1 goal of Real Madrid in the game that meets Real. Mayorka is the rhythm of the Rodrigo, the countryman. Run through the 3 support line before passing the ball to Vinicheus to snatch 1 stroke before shooting with the left for the latest door of Winisisus that occurred on Sunday. Making him the 2nd of the top 4 goals in La Liga, after Gonzalo Igua, a former "White King" striker made in 20085 in La Liga. Vinicheus has a total of 5 goals (4 goals and 1 assist). As for 2 matches in the UEFA Champions League, he scored 1 goal in the winner of Glasgow Celtic and 1 As. The latest match that won the Air Bee Leipzig, Karim Benzema's injury, Vinicheus became the number 1 hope in the offensive line that was ready to face Atletico Madrid in the game. Important like "Madrid Derby" Sunday night, September 18
Have today because of football!Shining "Old House-New House" of 10 Gun, famous football coach (picture)|As the movie's neck knows that In this modern era The football business creates enormous revolving money. And give revenue to personnel who are in the football industry as a very high amount. Of course, the career The football team manager is the same for the consultant. Have to bear the enormous pressure every second Therefore making the income almost different from the world -famous footballer Or unaware of some people, salary, even more superstar teams, so it is the source of life that has changed. Especially the environment that should be consistent with the quality of life of both yourself and the family. Which has no doubt that everyone has to give the best thing to repay themselves to loved ones And the most important real estate is inevitable. Today, we have pictures of the old and new houses of the famous 10 football coach of the era. Let's see that it will be magnificent. And make their lives better than before Can follow
Songkhla, Phuket, Air Sea Land Champion 10-11 years|Open the Air Sea Land Football Thailand Championship 2022 at the Satun Provincial Administrative Court on 16 September. With the honor of Than Phiphat Ratchakit, Minister of Tourism and Sports, Dr. Deputy Prime Minister Mr. Anutin Charnwirakul, Suphot Rodruang Na Nong Khai, Deputy Governor of Satun Province, Samrit Liangprasit President of the Satun Provincial Administrative Organization, Phanphop Un -Siem, Director of the Office of the SAT, Region 4, Komson Sumanat, Tourism and Sports Satun Province, Sutthirat Rakwong, Director of the SAT, Satun Province, Dalanung Alee, President of Satun Sports Association, Doctorate Samran Thalarak The Ministry of Tourism and Sports Officer attended by Pipatrat Ratchakit, Minister of Tourism and Sports Revealed that We are ready to allow sports to bring the tourism economy. Southern region to come back to bustle again. In addition, in terms of the development of athletes in the province to come back as great as the champion in the 10-year model, it belongs to Bin Ya Songkhla. Baht, red baking, receive a prize money of 20000 baht, ranked 3rd, the Municipal School, Panya (Phuket), won AMS Satun 6-2, receiving 10000 baht prize money. 10 -year -old Piyaphet Daeng from Bin Ya Songkhla City, Best goalkeeper Sirat competitions from Daeng Daeng, Kamphaeng Phet, Star Golden Golden Village, Watthara from Bin Ya Songkhla City, scored 16 goals, great players, Khun Thong From Bin Ya, Songkhla City, 10-year-old, Municipal School, Panya (Phuket), beat the Songkhla City 3-0 to receive a prize money of 30000 baht. S (Satun) won Albaragas (Pattani) 5-0 received 10000 baht prize money. Album 4 received a 5000 baht prize money. The 11-year-old coach is outstanding. Municipality School, Panya Panya, Best Goalkeeper Jiradej Surawitthasanon, player of the Municipal School The goalscoring and the best players belong to Phurinatmaneerat from the Municipal School, planted 16 goals, with the rank of 1-4, both 10-11 years, received the honor cup from Pipatrat Ratchakit. That the Ministry of Tourism and Sports for the 8 and 9 years will have a continuous competition at the Satun Provincial Administrative Court on 17-18 September.
To the Supreme Court!Thailand is accurate, Targeting Finland 7-6 (2-2), Sue 3, Futsal Condinental 2022.|The small table battle "Continental Futsal Championship Thailand 2022" at Indoor Stadium Hua Mak, 16 September 2022, the 3rd Thai national team in the world that lost. Iran national team, 2-3, met with the 18th Finnish national team in the world, the 5-time Scandinavian Championship, who lost 1-4 national team before the game "Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, the manager and "Big Plop. "Adisak Benjasiriwan Vice President of Football Football Association and Beach Football Entered the dressing room of the Thai national team Revenge the players to fight fully for the fans And the injured teammates that they were unable to play, both Krisada Wongkaew, the captain of the team, including Apiwat Chaemcharoen, by Carlos Sezarkun, the first 5 submitted coach, consisting of Thirawat Kaew. Wilai, goalkeeper, Krit Aranyakhak, Jesada Choodet, Charoondet Muen Thiang and Itthichapraphan, 3 goals, with Suphawut Klang as the captain of Sergio Gallelie, the manager. Finnish's first 5 people have the first 5 -goalkeeper Casper, Kito Kito, Serge Gosoonov, Micago Keito and Mica Hosio open the first half scene. The two teams exchanged fun until N.9, Thailand, got a leading goal before the children passed from the left of Krit Aranyasaklak. The ball came to the two pillars. Sattan Kaewwilai went into 1-1. Next to Manupawut Barbao, the middle of the paid, was hit by a empty course before the Chip across Therawat Kaewwilai for Finland to overtake 2-1, but 15 Ten thousand noon shows the steps to hide before being foul on the left line. And is the 6th foul of Finland, causing the second penalty before Itthichapraphan scored the legs of the goalkeeper of Finland into the net 2-2 and the 5th goal of Itcha in this program. The two teams still opened the game to exchange fun. But there is no additional door The end of the first half is still 2-2 tie, come back in the second half. Finland tries to open the game continuously while Thailand is waiting for the rhythm to have a chance to win as well. But the goalkeeper came out to save. 36 Carlos Carlos Head coach of the Thai national team was exposed to the yellow card after not satisfied the decision of Warut Wang Samalmalm. Both teams tried to play Power Play. But until he survived, he could not score more goals, 2-2 draws, had to judge by duel immediately. The penalty duel. It appeared that the first 5 people missed 1 draw, 4-4, had to duel Den Den. The 3rd person before Thailand beat the most thrilling 7-6 to grab the 3rd place.
Red leaf!Thailand shoots overtaking in the Philippines 3-2 Asian Championship U20 Qualifier (Clip)|On September 16, 2022 at 23:45 hrs. (On the time of Thailand), the Asian Football Championship Under the age of 20 years, qualifying Group G, the second match at the Al -Sport Complex Stadium, Oman, the Thai national team, U20, meets the Filipino national team. Confiscated from the first game, with only Ronanthang, who had the opportunity to come down instead of Krirk Pho, starting the game for 8 minutes. The Philippines came out from the free kick and Martin Merino that held the header. Go to the team first 1-0, but the 15th minute. The score is equal to 1-1 minutes. 30 minutes, the Philippines got a corner kick and finished at Kamil Amirul, who fired for the Philippines again. 2-1, but the 43th minute, Thanakrit Lakkhao opened for Phuwawanthongkui to tease the foot to change the ball into the score to return to 2-2 minutes at 65 Thai, leaving 10 people after Thanakrit. The second yellow card is a red card. At 78 minutes, the Philippines has 10 people. After Jaret, the second yellow card is a red card at 90 minutes. The game goes with this score. The next match, the Thai national team will have to meet the Oman national team at Al -Sport Complex on 18 September 2022 at 23:45 hrs. (Thailand time).
For the love team, I can do it!"X x girl" submits a special offer for the entire Leicester team. If winning tonight (picture)|The Sun Media of England reported that Bonni Brown, the most beautiful girl, Xiester City, announced that he was happy. "Secret images" for the blue fox army to be full. If you can win the Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League this weekend, Leicester City has started to start at the 2022/23 season by drawing 1, losing 5 until falling to the prksal tablet of the Premier score. League And there is a heavy program by visiting the 3rd team of the table like Spurs tonight (17 Sep 65) on Thailand time 23:30 hrs. Followers on Instagram More than 5.2 billion BonniebroofnBabyy has revealed the motivation to the love team by providing a special gift if you can grab 3 points tonight. In addition to playing in the game industry She also opened the account on Fanvue, a platform that offers 18+ content and generates more than 50,000 pounds per month (about 2.1 million baht), which she announced that If winning over the Golden Spur Chicken, Brendan Rodgers, or Leicester City players, is interested in being a member for free for life. "I did not invite personal. Or can say that any footballer has followed me But I hope that this free members of the life will stimulate them to overcome once. "Bonni revealed to The Sun. In addition, a 25 -year -old blonde also revealed that Resignation Come to reveal the sexyness in Fanvue is their best decision. When she was able to buy brand -names and sports cars like Porsche to drive. "I used to work with a minimum wage rating. This money is used for the month. But after coming well, this way is only 2-3 months. I can use all the debt. Now I can live my life as I dreamed. "" I have always wanted to be a master and love to create various content and Fanvue helps my dream come true. "Bonni concluded.
End of waiting!Channel 7HD is accepting applications "7HD Sports Championship Cup 2022"|Channel 7HD ready to open the field Bombing for the Cup of honor 7 student football competitions "Football Championship 7HD Champions Cup 2022" (18th time) gives youth players from all over the country to participate in the footsteps again. To promote youth sports And is a forum that inspires to develop to professional footballers and the Thai national team in the future "Success belongs to someone who dares to dream. Ready to see you. "" 7HD Sports Championship, Champions Cup 2022 "(18th time) and open for ordinary schools nationwide interested. Follow the application details. And join the online competition on Facebook: Ch7HD Sports and on the website www.ch7.com and 7seesport.ch7.com From Monday 19 to Friday 23 September 2022, only 128 teams are limited to sports fans. Can follow the sports news on Channel 7HD, press 35 or in social media, IG, Twitter, Tiktok: Ch7HD and Ch7HD. Sports, Website www.ch7.com and bugaboo.tv
I didn't continue!2 reasons "Klopp" prepare to send "Artou" to Juventus|It was reported that Liverpool's manager Yergen Klopp prepares to send Artur to Juventus in January. After just moving to join the team with a loan agreement on the last day of the summer market, the Reds grabbed the Brazilian football to solve the problem of many injured players in the middle of the season. Nerdson, Tiago Alkantara, Nabi Keita and Alex Ox-Chamberlain In which the person has entered the field to help the team for 13 minutes. It was reported from the media in Italy that Liverpool prepare to send Artur back to the agency when the winter market opened. Because they have plans to buy a new midfielder to join the team during that time. Delhi Star states that in addition to the purchase of new players, Manu Hyrida, the Spanish Besoccer, has come out. Revealed that With a simple attitude of the Juventus midfielder, it is another problem that causes Klopp and makes him no longer want to use this player. That may be the reason why Barcelona released him to Juventus in exchange for Miradm Panich, as well as the Max Allegri, the 26 -year -old zebra team to practice. With the youth team during the pre -season as well
Step through the enemy!Return to 5 players who used to play with the two giants of Madrid.|The meeting between Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid is one of the major dearby matches of La Liga competitions in each season. Games that bet with victory In order to usurp the number 1 club in the city, but there are some players who have overcome the urban By going to play for both famous clubs from the capital of Spain Whether it is a direct movement or not And this is their story, Tito The Gorgers in 2011-2014, Madrid borrowed Gurkes from Chelsea and was an important part in taking the team to win the La Liga season 2013/14, and also received the award. The best goalkeeper (Samera Torphy) for 2 times after the loan contract expires. The 30 -year -old Belgian goalkeeper moved back to Chelsea as before. In 2018, he decided to move to Real Madrid and was able to successfully seize the position of the 1st goalkeeper. Morata Morata Is a man of Madrid by birth Put on the field for Real Madrid's big team, the first round of the first round in 2010-2014 and the second round in the 2016/17 season, shot 25 goals from 63 matches only in La Liga. Later in 2017 Moved to Chelsea and let Atmadid borrowed in 2 years. Before 2020, the 30 -year -old Spanish national team firing decided to move to Diego Simene's team like The permanent Marcos Yarente. In 2008, Yarente was with the academy of the giant team in his hometown, Real Madrid, and climbed into the reserve team. And started the field for the big team in the era when Rafael Benitez was controlled. At one point, had been borrowed by Alabes to use for 1 season before farewell to Santiago. Bernabew in 2019, and the 27 -year -old Spanish midfielder, has moved the Madrid, a rival directly in Mario. Ermoso Aromo The players grew from Real Madrid's academy until he was in the reserve team. But didn't have the opportunity to play for the big team, so it was borrowed by Real Valt Dolid to use 1 season before farewell to the club in 2017, moved to the Espanyol team. 2 seasons and finally, the 27 -year -old Spanish quarterback has returned to play for the hometown of Madrid's hometown with Yorente Sergio. Real Madrid's former Real Madrid's youth player in the backup team. And got the opportunity to play with 14 big teams in the era of Santiago Solarie as a head coach, then let Sevilla borrow in the season. 2019/20, after the borrowing contract with Sevilla, Ragilon moved to football with Tottenham Hotspur in England before Atmadid agreed to borrow the 25 -year -old left -back. Year for use until the end of this season
Is it today?"Conte" is confident "mischievous" returns to the score.|Antonio Conte, the big boss of Tottenham Hotspur, is still confident that Nung Hung-Min Star will definitely come back to score. Although there is no goal at all this season, the highest goalscorer of the Premier League last season began this year's work by not shooting goals throughout the 8 games, but Conte is still confident in the players. Of him to come back to produce score for sure. "I am confident that Naughty is not happy with the work that came out. Because he can't score a goal. "" It's normal to be angry with the situation. It is what he wants to change it. Because we ourselves need him He is an important player of the team. "" At the same time This kind of thing can happen. Especially when you play in games that are always important The state of mind may be tired. Same as the body It's normal But I emphasized that for me, naughty, no problem at all We are talking about 1 of the two best players of the team. "" The players who scored many goals When the new season is up, it often encounters more difficulty than before. When you can't score a goal Confidence must be reduced. And a strong player will be ready to deal with the situation And can overcome it. "" Some naughty games may not be played as the real Harry Ken will be in the same situation. But it is to protect him We have to let him rest. Keep the strength And bring us to win the next game. "
This fight, request a loan!"Sangmanee" comeback the battle of one "Zhang Cheng Long" 29 Sep.|Thai fighter, nickname "Million Baby" Sangmanee after disappearing from the Arena One by leaving the latest work by encountering boxing. "Left, meteorite" Black Rose, S. Pek Uthai In August 63 by Saengmanee, the side of the pinc shock, every master Referred to return to form a new form Then move to use the color of the shirt "PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym" Training the level up with the top boxer of One Moon (former World Champion of One Muay Thai, Strawet), Tawan Chao, Thailand, Sangmanee Who just graduated with a master's degree With the Arena One with confidence in a hundred flights, starting the new shirt of Saengmanee in the battle, will compete with a skilled boxer from the Dragon "Zhang Cheng Long", which has been through many talented boxing hands. Both in the Thai boxing rules and kickboxing. Most recently, Zhang lost the score of "Petch Thanong Petch Fergus" in the rules of boxing. In September 64 both Saengmanee and Jang are in the state that you want to return to create a name and call for faith again. "Saengmanee VS Zhang" was opposed to meet in one 161, which will be broadcast on Thursday 29 Sep 29. . 65 โดยศึกนี้มีเพื่อนร่วมค่ายอย่าง "ตะวันฉาย" ขึ้นชิงบัลลังก์ "เพชรมรกต เพชรยินดีอะคาเดมี" อีกด้วย แฟนๆสามารถติดตามชมการถ่ายทอดศึก ONE 161 ได้ในวันพฤหัสบดีที่ 29 ก.ย. 65 Via Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start the first pair at 17:00 hrs. And via Thai Rath TV Channel 32 at 21:30 hrs.
Beautiful, cool, with pattern!Opening the Warp "Andrea", the Ronanis Romanian Angel (picture)|Take to get to know Andrea, A Pretari Woo, a 22 -year -old female tennis player, Romania, who is in a period of experience in the athlete's career. But the image is striking, the cheering team has taken the scene to all the Andrea areas Currently holding the 334 hand in the world in a single female category. And have won 4 ITF championships, while in the double category She was organized as a 239 hand in the world and won 7 ITF champions. Her latest champion is the female couple, Sokiro, Open Catalunya 2021 in Spain, which she paired with Lenina Iwaknengko since the turn of pro in 2018. Drea has drawn a prize money from a professional tennis play about $ 70,000 or over 2.5 million baht, but what makes her more well -known than the work in the field is The appearance, style and art on a unique body in the industry. Rackets with beautiful and sweet faces like Eastern European women. But it looks aggressive and has a unique charm by showing more than 10 tattoos on the body, which Andria himself said that he started from high school. With personal preference and not in trouble. "I don't want to look pretty, cute. I want it to look bad And looks more ambiguous. "Andrea posted via Instagram iamprisacariuandreea Of her with a 3.6 thousand fan clubs, it must be a look at how far this sweet and sweet spanker will go, because at the age of 22, there is still enough time that she will Climb up to a higher level Or if you are bored of taking good tennis and then heard that the fashion industry in her hometown is ready to push her immediately as well
"Chanathip" The real return!Kawasaki Frontale invades Cashiwa Ray Seoul 1-1|The J.League 1 Japanese Football Competition 2022 Kashiwa Ray Seoul, the 6th place in the opening table, Sangkia Fron Tier Kashiwa Stadium, received the visit of the former Kawasaki Ferona team. Today, the home team uses the 3-4-2-1 plan, Momoya Kosatsu, Maro Hosua and Douglas as a third coordination. The visiting team came in the 4-1-2-3 system. Chanathip Songkrasin has released a real person in the 6 rounds. The result of the competition appears that Both teams were equal to 1-1. The visiting team first led from Ukobayashi for 38 minutes, but the home team could be returned from Tadlas 63 minutes. Toto Wakisaka came down to play instead. From this match, Kashiwa Ray Seoul has increased to 45 points from 30 matches, while Kawasaki Frontle has 54 points from 29 matches behind Yokoha. Come to F. Marinos 4 points and compete more than 1 match.
Must not be faint!"Ten Hak" confirms the ghosts continuously rehearsing during the brakes before fighting Manchester City.|Eric Ten Hakkun, Manchester United manager in the Premier League, confirmed that he will spend time during the lack of competition and the national team brakes are ready in the game to meet with Manchester. City at the beginning of next month, according to the official report from the Red Devils Club, there is no program to kick football league this weekend. Due to the game that will find Leeds United was postponed and then it will be the national team break according to the FIFA Day. Which lasts about 2 weeks. Including planning in the market, trading and training In which they have a game that will meet Manchester City on October 2, which is an important battle. "You always use this brake period. We have many meetings. We have to improve the structure both inside and outside the club. We will do this. There is also a discussion about the market in January or the summer market in front. Including the development and planning of the play guidelines. "" Of course, we have the next appointment program. It will be the time to kick every 3 days and we have to be ready for those games. More than 90% players go to play for the national team. But others will continue to practice We have to prepare well. "" Then I hope everyone will be fit. Come back strong and we will move forward, "Tenhak said.
The old champion is still scolded!Manchester City invaded Nim Wolf Humpon, 10 people 3-0 soar up the crowd.|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 7th match, Wolves Tan Derers, the number 15, opened the Molini Stadium to visit the old Man City champion, who held the leader of the crowd. Today, the home team uses 4-3-3 Pedro Neo, Gonzalo, Adest and Daniel Poden. The visiting team came in the 4-3-3 system as well. Jack Greek, Philphone and Erlinghalan, led the army in the offensive line. The blue sailors were not difficult to overcome 3-0. Get a goal from Jack Greek 1, 1st minute, Erlinghalan, 15th minute and Phil Foden 69 minutes. People from the 33 minutes from the talented defender Nathan Collins were hit by a red card from the danger of danger from this victory, Manchester City increased to 17 overtaking Arsenal to compete tomorrow. 2 points, while Wolf Hmpton, Derers has 6 points as before.
Close the game since the first half!Buriram United invaded Polis Tero FC 4-1|The Handrax Revo Thai League 2022/23 match 6 Saturday, September 17, 2022 at Dragon Solar Park, Buriram United, with 11 points from the previous 5 matches. There is a queue to visit Polis Tero FC, which has 1 point from 3 matches in the field, which this game is rocked to use Dragon Solar Park, Ratchaburi, 11 minutes. Before semi -shot, semi -passed into the penalty area, Lada San Dam, the bouquet ran into the charger, shot the ball into the left pole. Is the door of the lightning castle, leading up to lead 1-0 minutes, the 14th. Before using the foot to dip the ball through Sinthawee Chai Hathai Rattanakul, who tried to cut the ball The ball rolled into the goal to Polis Tero FC 0-2, Buriram United, 39 minutes. Chalermsak, an character opened the ball into the penalty area of ​​Chitiphat instead of the first ball, but Mark Landry Ba Bo ran repeatedly, the two-ball sword ricoche. Will be cut into the inside and pass the ball into the penalty area. Goran Casic ran into the ball, shot into the goal to Buriram United, moved to 3-1 minutes at 45+1 Theerathorn Bunmathan, kicking a long ball from The back of the front went to the left side. Before paying back to the Goran Casic runs into the ball, the ball disappeared into the door to Buriram United, escaped 4-1 away, which was the first half of the score with the second half of the game. Beat Polis Tero FC 4-1, resulting in a lightning castle winning 3 points to move to move, with 14 points from the field of 6 matches, the list of players, both teams on the Poly Tero FC field. : Sinthawee Chai Hathai Rattanakul (Goalkeeper), Ekachai Samare (Witthaya Munwong, 81), Chalermsak Akkhi, Isaac Honny (C), Sanchai Nonthasila (Deone Dar Berley, N. 81), Lesley Alora, Sorawit Phan Thong, Chanukul Gaarin (Sittichok Tassanai, 46), Jane Phop Pho Khi (Sethawut Wongsai N. 81), Mark Landry Bao (Theerathep Vinothai, 46), Wu Keun Young Buriram United: Noppon Drama (Goalkeeper), Thirathorn Bunmathan, Lent, Hemwibun, Chitiphat Tan Klang (Irefan Dor Lor 63), Narub Din Wirawatnodom (C), Rattanakorn Kami, Goran Kasich, Frank Castana (Max Peter C Ray. 86), Suphanat Muen Ta (Athit Butchinda, Nor. 86), Supachai Jai Yuen, Lada San Dum Bouya (Peerad Chumratsami 6 3)
"Ottara" Mao Two!Chon Buri FC invaded Muang Thong United 5-1|The Thai League Football League 2022/23 match on Saturday, September 17, 2022, Muang Thong United, opened the Thunder Dome Stadium, received the visit of Chon Buri FC. , Sardor Minzev, Eric Joa, Henry Aniier and Adisak Kraisorn. Sai, Chan Narong Phromsri Kaew, Ama Dua, Ottara and Danilo Alves. The results of the competition appear Shark Chonlakorn army bombing the form of attacking to attack to overcome 5-1, get a goal from Ama to see the Otra, two balls, 32 and 74 minutes, Chan Narong Promsrikaew 37 minutes, Lucas Rocha (made in The door itself) 72 minutes and Danilo Alves killed 90+1 penalty. The warlord of Kirin was aware of Parmes At Milai 47 minutes. From this victory, Chon Buri FC has increased to 15 points. Up to the leader of Muang Thong United, with 6 points as before
It's crazy!"Bant" Ung "McGuire" was chosen to be in the national team before "White"|Darren Bent, a former famous player and critic, showing the great surprise that Gareth Southgate put the name of Harry McGuire in the England team, the UEFA Nation. The end of this month without the name of Ben White's defender of Arsenal, a 24 -year -old defender showing outstanding form this season, with Miguel Arteta sent to the field every match and helped. Lead the team to hold the position of the top league in the highest city for the first time in many years. When the name of the England footballer was announced the day before, there was no name of White in it. Southgate chose to use the center -back service, Eric Daier, Corner Koi. , Fiko Tomori, Mark Kehee, John Stones and Harry McGuire, Bent has said this through the talk sport at one part, "Mac Caggyi How is the name in this team? While there was no name of Ben White, I would like to ask someone to explain this. "" The work is the center of the Half. McGuire, we have not seen the form. Because he hasn't played yet, "Bent stated.
Old champion!Gauzburg opens the house, slaughtering Bayern Munich 1-0|The Bundesliga German Football Competition 2022/23, the 7th match, SBSBICK, opens the 14th, opened a double Yu Kyu Arena's visit of the old Bayern Munich Championship, the 3rd team. Of the table today, the home team uses a plan 4-4-2 Flore Nerdlers, matching Mergimburichala, Andre Hahn and Erme Din Dami. Wav made the game on the visiting team in the 4-2-3-1 system. Jamal Mutilala, Thomas Muller, Lee Roy Sane and Sadio Manage, led the army in the offensive line. The result of the competition appears that The host is a narrow-win shouting 1-0. The goal from Mergim Bircha in the 59th minute, from this victory, Saburg has increased to 9 points. Bayern Muni Losing for the first match has 12 points as before. And could not find 4 consecutive games in the league
Can't eat!Newcastle watching the nest chase Bournemouth 1-1|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 7th match, Newcastle United, No. 11, opened the St. James Park Stadium, received the visit of Bournemouth, the 14th team of the table. Today, the home team uses 4-3 plans. -3 Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak and Ryan Frez is three coordinated in the front. The visiting team came in the 4-2-3-1 system. Dominic Solank supports the target Marcus, Marcus, and Ryan Christi to support the results. Both teams were equal to 1-1. The visiting team first led from Philip Billing. 62 minutes, but Salikadong has returned from Alexander Ise killed the penalty to the net. 67 from the result of this match, Newcastle United increased to 8 points, while Bournemouth has increased to 8 points as well.
Overtaking the crowd!Barcelona slapped 10 El Chet plums, comfortable feet 3-0|The Spanish Football Spanish Football Competition 2022/23, Barcelona, ​​secondary, the leader of the Sport Camp Nou, received the visit of the table of the table. Today, the home team uses 4- 3-3 Usan Dambele, Memphis De Pai and Robert Lewandovski are three-shaped nets. The visiting team came in 4-3-3 systems as well. Fidel, Tete Moorent and Lucas Bowye led the army in the offensive line. The army of Boon won the defendant to overwhelm 3-0 from Robert Lewandovski, two, 34 minutes and 48 and Memphis De Pai, 41 minutes. 10 people from the 14th minute, when Gonzalober, the veteran center has received a red card directly, fired from the field from the foul as the last player from this victory, causing Barcelona to increase as 16 points. Real Madrid, which will compete tomorrow 1 point, while Elche has 1 score of the same.
Being lifted by tears!"Royce" implied seriously before the World Cup opened for only 2 months (picture).|This world is cruel to Marco Royce, the captain of Borussia Dortmund, when he was recently injured again. Despite the 2022 World Cup in Qatar Opening the scene in the next 2 months and the 33 -year -old offensive line injured the right ankle. From the rhythm of the defensive line, causing the person to hold his face and cry. While the medical team came to first aid Before looking for him to get out of the field in the 32nd minute of the game of Royce, clearly indicate that It is a severe injury. And may destroy the opportunity to play in his last World Cup Which is scheduled to open the field on November 20, while the Germany national team There is a program to play the first game with The Japanese national team on November 23, before, Royce was seen as an unlucky player. That is always injured by an important tournament He was injured in the final warm -up game. Until starving to win the 2014 world championship with teammates After that, it hurts before going through the Euro 2016. The World Cup 2018 is the only big tournament that Royce has the opportunity to play the Germany national team. Which the team is not successful After that, he has not played with the national team anymore since the year. 2021. Until the latest Han Si Fly decided to call him back to the Eagles of the Eagles again in the UEFA Nations League game this month after he did a great job. And was expected to go to Qatar with the team as well. For the symptoms of Royce, Borussia Dortmund has not yet been issued. Initially, the club's medical team was first aid, the players in the dressing room. Before sending to a nearby hospital Which should know the results soon
"Naughty" backup hat trick!Spurs watch the nest smashed Leicester 6-2 points.|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 7th match, Tottenham Hotspur, 3rd Tottenham Hotspur, the visit of Leicester City, the plum team of the table today. Use 3-4-2-1 Ricar Lizon Plan, Dean Kuluzki and Harry Ken as three-hunting coordination. The visiting team came in the system 4-1-4-1, Patson Daka supports the target of Harvey Barnes and James Madzan, supporting the offensive game. The military commander of the Golden Spikes chicken is a fun party. 6-2 got a goal from Harry Ken, the 8th minute, Eric Daier, 21 minutes, Rodrigo Ben Kur, 47 minutes and naughty backup. Min unlocks his own session by making a hat -trick in the 73, 84 and 86 minutes, while the blue fox army from Yuri Taiyom, killing the 6th minute penalty and James Maddisan minutes. 41 From this victory, Tottenham Hotspur has increased to 17 points to lead the crowd together with Manchester City as a second to the goal. Same score Continue to hold the plum
Summary of the 7th Premier League football match, every pair, 17-18 September 2022|The head of Arsenal attacking to win the Brent Front 0-3, collecting 3 points to keep the crowd this week successfully. Spurs who should open the house to attack Leicester 6-2, which is increased to 17 points. Up to the 3rd place, there is a score as much as Man City, but there are less goals than in the middle of the table. Fulham has collected 3 points in this match. Successfully ranked 6th. Newcastle and Bournemouth collected 1 points ranked No. 10. And 12, respectively. The end of Leicester table still has 6 victory problems, attached to the end of the table and Forest without this match as well. The 19th Premier League score
Updated the Premier Lee Lee Lee at the 7th match 17-18 September 2022.|The Premier League Arsenal scores invaded Brentford 0-3 to collect 3 points. This group of preserves successfully. The Spurs who should open the house attacking Leicester 6-2 with additional. It is 17 points to the 3rd place, with the same score as Man City, but there are less goals than Fulham collected 3 points in this match successfully. The 6th place in Newcastle and Bournemouth collected 1 point in 10 and 12, respectively, Leicester There are still 6 victory problems attached to the end of the table and Forest without Chai. This match is ranked 19th.
How long can you wait!"Beckham" queue up 13 hours to see the remains of Queen Elizabeth 2 (picture)|David Beckham, former England captain Travel to show respect The Queen Elizabeth II in Westminster Hall in London, England on Friday 15 September (local time), the legend of the 47 -year -old lion. Capturing that it was in a row of the crowd for 13 hours to wait for the queue to pay respect to the remains. Which is a long row of over 14 kilometers from the southern side of the Tames River Through important places such as London, Royal Festival Hall and Globe, with the destination Westminster Hall, which David Beckham decided to stand and wait in line with himself. Despite being invited from One member of the House of Representatives Which can invite 4 guests to attend the event, but the options to reject the proposal By revealing that he didn't want to make Joseph West, his grandfather who was very loyal to the royal family. "We all want to be here together. We all want to experience some of the amazing things of our queen. And I think this today should be shared together. "" Do you know that today is to share together? We are all eating potatoes. We are eating Sherbet, lemon, sandwich and coffee while waiting for the row. I grew up in a family that loved the monarchy. Which if my grandparents are still alive You will probably come out in line like this as well. "The legend says to BBC News, with many media reporting that Handsome star wearing a black suit Navy coat And the cap Participate in the said line. Was first seen in the queue before paying homage to the remains at 15.25 hrs. Of the Friday afternoon Which it lasts more than 13 hours for the royal funeral ceremony The Queen Elizabeth II started to be established from Wednesday 14 September, with the people worshiping at Westminster Hall. Before Monday, September 19, the royal corpses were moved. Leaving Westminster Hall to the Mint Cathedral at 11:00 am (local time) or matching our home at 17.00 hrs.
Don't be rumored!"Bali" opens up to clear each other. The reason to release "Tukle" out of position.|The owner of the famous Chelsea team of the famous Chelsea club of the English Premier League opened up about the decision to separate the German coach Thomas Two. This issue is considered to be very surprised by the football fans because the season has just opened for a short time. There are also issues about the cause of the release. German master Beyond this position that it happened because of taking "Lion Blue" to lose to Dinamo Zagarb 0-1 in the UEFA Champions League group stages, which most recently, the big. Such matters. "When you buy or do any business You must be sure that people in the company must have the same idea as you. It is clear that Thomas Tubile is talented. Bring the club to achieve great success. "" We decided to change many things here. Starting from making the team one By allowing the big team and the youth team to have a joint meeting In the end, we are not confident that the concept of Tuke will match our concept or not. "" This story is not right or wrong, but we only look at the club's future. The club's approach is to find a team manager that is suitable to work with us. It's not about defeat in the game with Dinamo Zagreb. "" It's not a decision that caused a victory. Or only one defeat It is a decision that we think is the right vision for the club. That's all. "The owner of the US club opens up for Chelsea to appoint a former Brighton team manager Graham Potter to come to accept the job. The team is completed. At the same time, the American millionaire Also preparing a plan to recruit a new sports director To help make the team successful in the future
Famous, "Dolphin" smearing the blood "Gomez" to win the UFC in the United States (picture).|Dolphins, Bunmee, or the real name Suphaisara, the only Thai fighter in the UFC battle, the world's number one combat arts organization. Does not disappoint Thai fans after winning the UFC Fight Night at the UFC Apex, Las Vegas, United States on Sunday morning, September 18, by the former Thai boxing world champion. Opening the female stadium, meeting with the 22 -year -old Brazilian fighter Danie Gomez, who has passed the MMA arena up to 8 fights together (won 6, losing 2 times). With an attack with a heavy kick, attacking the body, causing the opponent to collapse on the ground Although Thai fighters try to close the game by weapon, the Brazilian fighter Can survive the salad Before inviting the game to sleep again by trying to catch the lock, but also hit the elbow as well The game began to boil. Dense Gomez tried to walk to lock, but was stabbed by a Thai female fighter and chopped the elbow, making it not an easy job as well. In the middle of the dolphins But trying to fight to survive by being locked by release punch And the elbow heavily. Finally, the Brazilian fighter Walking close to the cage before trying to lock. However, the dolphins of Boonmee were heartbroken, trying to splash, attack the opponent from the outside to not be close to Before seizing the opportunity to pour down to lie down on the ground before leaving the weapon with the elbow into the opponent's face, causing the blood to splash 3, raising the directors before raising the dolphins to have a 26 -year -old Thai fighter as the party. Beat the score in a unanimous 30-27, 30-27 and 29-28, win the third time on the UFC arena, with 4 winning statistics, 2 times since signing a contract. (All statistics in MMA won 7 loses 3), which after the fight A young fighter from Buriram revealed, "Today I am not just fighting with my competitors. I fought with the asthma that had been secretly in me for a long time. The victory in this fight is very meaningful to me. I want to thank the family And a great team. "" They still believe in me. And not abandon me They saw the value in me on the day I couldn't see it. I want to tell everyone who is having problems in terms of mental state. (Depression) to move forward because one day it will improve. "
Release the spicy again!"Soraya", a sweet girl slapper, showing off a white aura (picture)|Making social media again for Soraya Phromla, a Thai volleyball player under "Pink Dolphin" Supreme Chon Buri-E. Tech Club in the Thai League volleyball battle That takes the time to close the season to rest at the sea, plus a young lady slap Also posted a picture that made the boys Had to look back at her swimming outfit That comes with captions "Are you going to see the stars at the sea with us?" This event made friends. In the industry, come to comment and tease each other for A 30 -year -old rubber slap is considered a heart -hearted girl who had been injured by a bone pillow until she had to rest for 7 months, but she returned with a great form. Until finally attaching the national team to the Nations League 2021 In addition, she changed the look to a hot girl that made the boys. Apply to be a lot of fans. By showing off the puppet in a sexy swimsuit Seeing this, it's not surprised why she has a lot of fans on Instagram, with more than 1.6 hundred thousand fans following. At this time, outside the field must say that it is unusual. When she turned to catch the food business in the name of Full House Café and Restaurant, located in Khun Tan District Chiang Rai Province There is also a beauty business in the brand So -ie and teaches volleyball as well. Because her skills have been guaranteed a lot Whether it is a Thai Super League volleyball champion with Ayutthaya ATCC, former agency in 2014 and Supreme Chon Buri Etek in 2017, with a valuable position. And the best set of 3 -time set (2012, 2013 and 2014), including Thai national team, personal information. : Hand set height: 169 cm.
Smashing Thailand statistics!"Kirin", the national team lungsGrab the runner -up run "Bangsaen 10"|Kirin Tantiwet, a Thai national runner The owner of the Asian Games 2018 and 2 Gold Medal, SEA Games 2019, inscribed a new history for our home industry again. On Sunday morning, September 18, by the 25 -year -old Lung, who decided to travel to participate in the "Bangsaen 10" run competition at Bangsaen Beach, Chon Buri Province. Before breaking the record of Thailand to run the road for 10 kilometers with 29 minutes, 47 seconds, which the said time numbers Athletics Association of Thailand Officially guaranteed to smash the original statistics of Natthawut In Num, a young runner who had done 29 minutes, 48 ​​seconds at the Buriram Marathon event in 2018, only 1 second. Thai-US half-US Will receive a prize of 1 million baht from the M-150 Break The Rocord activity at the athletics Association of Thailand Join hands with M-150, give to Thai runners who can break the record for the "Bangsaen 10" competition. In the morning, Kirin Tantiwet can run to the finish line 2 in the 10 kilometers. John Murau, Lung Lung from Kenya That is the number one at 29 minutes, 38 seconds
Repeat again!"Kanelo" to the point of "Triple Ji"|Saul "Ganelo" Alvarez, a Mexican fist Protect the world champions of the Super Middlewet 4 institutions (WBC, WBA, WBO and IBF). "Triple Ji", Golf Golfkin, 40-year-old Kazakhstan fist, the fight game of this pair, held at T-Mobile Arena, Nevada in the morning. Sunday, September 18, which has been with this pair, had met before, 2 times, the first fight in 2017, before the second fight, Saul Alvarez will win the score last year. 2018 opened in the first 3 rounds, Kanelo was the one who walked out to fight hard punch. Playing with the whole face, alternating the body, while the Golfkin continued to set up Waiting for the rhythm to punch the punch periodically, but still can't do anything. However, the more lifting Mexican fist Started to control the game, almost all of the situation, walking, pushing out, punching continuously Casachak fist At this fight, it seems too little punch to have to retreat to avoid the attack until entering the 9th round. "Triple Ji" changed the plan to walk through, which is considered to be done well. Walked out into the punch, the dress was wearing until Kanelo could not stand in time, had to withdraw the scene However, during the remaining round Mexican world champion Who turned back to control all the games. 12 Raise the committee before raising the "Kane Lo" Saudi Alvarez. The 32-year-old fist is a unanimous beat. 116-112, 115-113. And 115-113, protecting the 4 world champions (WBC, WBA, WBO and IBF) and The Ring belt
To the big boss like this!"Rodgers" received the condition if being released after Leicester loses 6 games.|Brendan Rodgers, the famous Leicester City team manager of the English Premier League stage, came out to accept fate. And the defeat in the game that attacked the Spurs with 2-6 in the competition on Saturday night, September 17, after the game Big Fox Opened up the feeling in this game, "During the 73 minutes, it was a good game. We can say that we create opportunities better. But we were punished by mistakes. "" We lost the goal in the early half of the second half, causing 2-3 to see. After that, we had to watch the Oko Yoris that protects the door so excellent that we missed the rivalry. From then, it was a game that opened. And the rhythm of the game. "" The result of the competition is worse than the game images that they see. I understand the feelings of the team. They do not deserve this. When you do not win confidence, it will be undermined. It is a difficult starting season. But also good that we have a national team to brake for us to recover. "At the same time, Rodgers also hinted the future in controlling our own team. Including pressure from football fans After the work was worse, losing 6 consecutive games in the league Sinking the last of the table "It is a lot of pressure. I understand football fans very well. It is a matter that I have to take responsibility. "" I am ready to respect the decision of the club owner (Aiyawat Sriwattanaprapa), regardless of what happened. They fully support me. Whether I have the opportunity to control the next team or not I still respect them as usual. "
Step into the world level "Ferrari Fair Tex", the first fight in One 29 Sep.|"Ferrari Fair Tex", the owner of the "Boxing", the royal cup of 2021, has released the first fight on the world stage, with an experienced match with an experienced boxer "Han Shihaw" in one 161 battle. : The emerald vs the sun shows live on Thursday 29 Sep 2, Ferrari. Skill from famous Pattaya Camp Signed as an official athlete under one recently. And got the opportunity to start the first fight in the Muay Thai rules. 3 raises the Bantewate (145 P.). The skilled boxing from Surat Thani, 25 years old, created a name known as the beloved boxing of the cabinet by winning the boxing court on Channel 7. And climbed up in the forefront of the industry By defeating Muay Thai at the level of the galvan, such as Saengmanee Rose Dam, angel, etc., even won the "Yot Boxing" award from the Sports Journalists Association of Thailand in the past year. Continuously From the boxing boxing to be a complete boxing By showing exciting work Until he was given the opportunity to join the eaves, and he would prove his skills with "Han Shiha", a strong rival from the dragon. That used to be a world championship belt with "The King killed not to die." Nong Oh, a five -star grilled chicken. If it shows impressive form, Ferrari may be born as another new star in Muay Thai. One Bantum Version and will make the in this model more concentrated in a pile. Because it is packed with hard cables. Fans can follow the live broadcast of One 161: Emerald Petch VS Tawan on Thursday 29 Sep 65 via Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start at 17.00 hrs. And Thai Rath TV Channel 32 at 21.30 hrs.
Daikin Kids Football Fest sent "Mano" inspired to promote Thai youth football skills.|Daikin Thailand, collaborating with the Football Association of Thailand In the royal patronage, organized the "Daikin Kids Football Fest" project at Rajamangala Stadium. On Sunday, September 18, with the honor of the head coach of the Thai national football team "Mano Polling", a coach team from the Football Association Along with the national footballer Theerathep Winothai, Sumanya Puri Sai and Chalermpong Kerdkaew, who joined the football skills and shared a special football experience with the youth participants. Including inspiration to become a national football player for the activity throughout the day Will be a photo shop photo shoot like a professional footballer, training as a football news anchor As well as learning the use of Var Technology to analyze the judges' decisions And entering the practice field with coaches from the Football Association of Thailand This is for the highlights of the children. The youth will meet the head of the Thai national football coach "Mano Polinking" along with the national footballer Thepwinothai, Sumanya Puri Sai and Chalermpong Kerdkaew, who will come to convey. Inspiration in the football path And participate in a special match with the youth who participate in the project of all 220 people, and at the end of the activity is honored by Satoru Matsukura, the Manager of Business Planning Division, representative from Di Kin Industry. Sor (Thailand) Co., Ltd. closed the activity to the youth who participated in the project of all 220 people, which is considered an important starting point for inspiring all youth to determine themselves to become professional footballers and Future Thai national team, which Daikin Thailand is ready to promote and develop the potential of Thai footballers at all levels. As well as developing the foundation of football industry to be sustainable
The shot is not repeated!Arsenal attacked Brentford 3-0, overtaking the crowd.|The English Premier League football match between Brentford meets Arsenal at the Brentford Communication Stadium on Sunday 18 September 2022. 17 minutes, the visiting team came to win from the right corner kick. Buka Yo Saka opened to the first pole, William Sali Saliba Tek, a hearing, turning back, hitting the second pole across the goal. Leading 1-0 minutes. The 28th "Cannon" continues the game, Granit Chaka plays the ball into the penalty area for Gabriel Chettok. Escaping for 2-0, the first half injury, 45+1, the home team had a chance to win the door. The front of the door was out of the first half. Arsenal also brought 2-0 back to the second half of the 49th minute. The visiting team immediately wade through Buko Yo Saka to flow into the middle of Fabio Viera. Left from the distance of 20 yards, hit the base of the pillar to the goal to Arsenal 3-0 in the 66th "cannon" per game. Before opening the middle of the Gabriel Martinelli, accepting the ball before flowing for Buka Yo Saka to press with the left in front of the penalty area, but David watched away in time. The rest of the time had no more goals. The Arsenal game attacked Brentford 3-0. Ready to overtake to bring the crowd as before. Having 18 points after 7 games, the players' names of both teams, Brentford (3-5-2): Davida-Christo Fern Ayer, Pondu Sanson, Ben Mi -Aaron Hickey, Josh Dazilva, Mathese Yensen, Vita Layne, Rico Henry - Breyon Embewo, Ivan Toney Arsenal (4-2-3-1): Aaron Rams Del-Ben White, William Saliba, Gabb Rialman Gal, Kiran Tierne -Granit Chaka, Thomas Party -Bakoko Saka, Fabio Viera, Gabriel Mar Tonelly - Gabriel Chezus Referee: David Kut
Oman, press victory!Sukhothai invaded Lampang 1-0, unlock the first limit.|The Thai League football match 2022/2023 between Lampang FC opens the house with Sukhothai FC at the Lampang Central Stadium. On Sunday, September 18, 2022, starting the game at the 17th minute. The visiting team won when Piyarat La Jung got the ball on the left. Then opened into the penalty area. At Kasem Kulwilai got the ball on the right before opening to the pole, two Weerayut Srivichai ran to tackles. But the ball came out of the frame after the 39th minute. The home team missed the opportunity. But the ball came out a little bit out of the 45th minute. Sukhothai FC invaded Sila Kampang to pay Osamano to dodge the ball back and shoot. But the first ball dropped out after the first half of the first half, still not able to do anything at the same time. 0-0 in the second minute, the 66th minute, the visiting team led when Chaowasasup Sakul, the results were shot on the safe. The gray color first, repeatedly, crashed into Osamano, repeatedly into the first goal of the 70th minute. Before broken back to Andre Coutinho to spin with the left The ball dropped the second pole for a little bit. The 83th minute, Lampang, was anticipated again from the corner kick. Yuki Bamba opened. Day Vasan Ferrer had tackled the ball to the second pole. FC invaded Lampang FC 1-0 to win the first match, the list of players, both teams, Lampang FC: Jiran Pongtham Sikhong (GK), Brinner Enrique. , Kantaphon Somphittayanurak, Wuttichai Maram, Chakkrit Songma, Bodhom Sila Hiranrat (Day Wisan Fernan Des. 38), Pan Sirisukunee N.66), Andreutinho, Munin Theerawatsri (Yuki Bamba 66), Wirayut Srivichai, Kritsanakasemsamulwilai, Sukhothai FC: Kittiphan Saen Suk ( GK), Chakkrit Vejphirom, Parinya U -Tapao (Sarawut Kanlayanon Bundit, 46), Piyarat La Jung, Silasri Kampang, Natthawut Charoenbut (Lari Soda .72) ,เอกสิทธิ์ ฉาวบุตร , เรียวเฮ อาราอิ , ศราวุธ ธรฤทธิ์(สมคิด ชำนาญศิลป์ น.46) , วีรภัทร นิลบูรพา(เชาวสิทธิ์ ทรัพย์สกุลผล น.60) , ออสมาน โซว์ ( Add Merry By Rawich. 72)
Stumble another game!BG Pathum can only attack Cao Prachuap 2-2, holding the 7th Thai League.|The Hylux Revo Football Competition, Thai League 2022-23, between PT, Prachuap FC, opened the house with the "The Rabbit" BG Pathum United at the Three Bay Stadium on Sunday 18 September. 2022, starting the game 17 minutes, becoming the home team like PT Prachuap, which went up 1-0 before the rhythm of the corner kick. Before being Samuel Roosa, wolley in the penalty area However, the BG Pathum United is a rival of 1-1 from the rhythm of the second row of Worachit. Kanit Sri Bampen To stand alone in the penalty area The ball ricocked the host's support. Going to the goal 31. The PT host, Prachuap, leading 2-1 from the rhythm of Apichat Den, raised into the penalty area. Before breaking into Los Semy Carabu, touched to avoid the BGPU. Before shooting through the hands of Kittiphong Phu, rope in the door. After that, "The Rabbit" takes only 2 minutes, it can be completed as a 2-2 rhythm from Pithiwat's free kick. The first was the Daeng Daeng Da Da, a beautiful pillar. With the first half of the second half, 46 minutes, BG Pathum United change the player By sending Diego Louis Santa Chatmongkol Thongkiri and the United States Pongsuwan to play instead of Charoensak Wongkorn Worachitkanit Sri Bamphen And Ernesto Bhumibol 65 BG Pathum United changed the player by sending Pathom Phon Charoen Rattana Phirom. Go down to play instead of Paolo Konrado, 72 minutes. Auspicious gold, Thong Kiri opened the ball into the penalty area. And is the Phan Prai Suwan, who shot without catching immediately But the ball still goes straight to the body Day 75, Pithiwat Sukchitthamkul Shot from the front of the penalty area But the ball fell out of the box at 76 minutes. Samuel Roosa spoke from the front of the penalty area, but Kittiphong Phu Tua was able to save the game BG Pathum United. 2 Collected one point before the FIFA Day stay by the next appointment of BG Pathum United will open the BG Stadium to receive the visit of Muang Thong United in the 6th game of the Thai League Thai League 2022-23. On Saturday, October 1, 2022, the list of players, both teams, PT, Prachuap FC: Patrick Dayto (goalkeeper), Ekanat Kongket, Lossemi Carabu, Prasit Chantum, Patrick Rai Chet, Dennis Willawa, said, Adisak Harntha, Aphichat Dennaman, Aris Sari Fovic, Natsaphon Malaphan (team leader), Samu El Roosa BG Pathum United: Kittiphong Phu Tao Ruen (Goalkeeper), Peace Chanchong, Irefan vanie, Phanpraisuwan, Ernesto Phumpha (United Pongsuwan, 46 ), Sarach Yoo Yen (team leader), Pithiwat Sukchit Thamkul (Lidor Cohen, 77), Worachit Kanit Sriban (Chatmongkol Thongkiri Nor. 46), Charoensak Wongkorn ( Diego Louis Santo, 46), Teerasil Daengda, Paulo Conrado (Pathom Phon Charoen Rattana Phirom, N. 65)
End of waiting!Everton slashed West Ham 1-0.|The English Premier League football match between "Blue Toffee" Everton opens the house with "Khun Hammer" West Ham at Sanam Kudison Park on Sunday 18 September 2022, starting the game for 8 minutes. The visiting team almost Got the door from the rhythm of Jar Rod Bow, before opening to the front of the door, Corner teasing the foot, changing the ball, changing the way out of the pillars a little. Demani Gray opened a long time into the penalty area of ​​Ondra, Onda, pouring the tackles but was not good, the ball ran across the beam after the 21st minute. Boven opened the curve towards the Ashmia Bekovich gate, punching into Aron Carras, shooting the garden with the right, but stuck to the back. The first half is still equal. 0-0 in the second minute 53 The home team up the game on the left. Alex Iow opened the ball into the middle for Neil Mopei to catch and press with the right on the penalty area. 0 minutes 64 The home team continues to invade. De Ma Ri Gray snatched from the edge of the Vladimir Sufal. 74 West Ham should have a rival goal. Saudi Benrah came to pick up the ball from 25 yards before spinning with the left. Ham 1-0 successfully won the first match of the season. Moved ranked from the end of the table to 13, the list of players of both teams Everton (4-3-3): Assame Bacvic-Nathan Patterson, neck. Nerkadi, James Tarkovski, Vitillas have Colen -Id Rissa Gay, Anto Drea Ona, Alex Isloe -De Ma Raiy, Nee Lompey, Anthony Gordon West Ham (4-2-3-1): Lucas Fabian Sokki-Vladimir Sufal, Thilo Khor, Kurt Zuma, Aron Carrswell -Thomas Suesk, Dead Rice - Jar Rod Boven, Palfrons, Lukus Paca - Micha Il Antonio Referee: Michael Oliver
Can't continue playing!Postpone the True Bangkok -Ratchaburi game competition after the rain|True Bangkok United came back to open the True Stadium's house again after always going out. Sukhothai FC 0-0. Today, must welcome the visit of the "King Rachan" Ratchaburi FC Or Reli. Ovid Mar Still using the same players from the previous match As for Ratchaburi, the visitor, Shabi Mooro, the head of the trainer, organized the players. In this match, lacking the Myanmar players, Pure Win, who was banned from the straight leaves, then turned to Rafa. El Jansen and Change Kiatisak Chiam Udom, using the Thai Center, Pawi Tan, Tanthem, 2nd minute, Mahmood Ed Cross Ball halfway to Chayawat to send the ball to cut the back. For Van der Louis, dragged in, but went to Park Jun Hyung, Ratchaburi quarterback, 10th minute, Ratchaburi, FC, opened the corner of Chakraphan Kaew Crost ball into the penalty area and was Jane. Zen that tackles the ball out of the 18th minute. Chakraphan Kaew Phrom flows the ball. Dragged into the penalty area and shot out of the box. The 24th minute, Chayawat got the ball, dragged in to shoot the ball out at 28 minutes. And is Kampon Can receive the ball for 45 minutes. Both teams can't do anything. The first half of the time is 0-0. At 47 minutes, Herbty shot, ricochet Park Junhyung at 19.40 hrs. The 53th minute of the game must be temporarily resting. Due to the force majeure After heavy rain Causing Match Commissioner to postpon the competition for 30 minutes at 20.15 hrs. Including the referee Have checked the field again Due to continuous rain and the field condition is not ready to use Causing the competition controller to announce the competition for another 30 minutes at 20.45 hrs. Including the referee Have checked the second field And enjoined the staff to roll out at 21.20 hrs. Including the referee And both teams voted, "From the continuous rain The competition controller, the referee assessment Including the referee Assessing the field every 30 minutes, in the amount of 3 times, which concluded that If the competition will be harmful to both players Including the condition of the field is not conducive to the verdation of VAR because it is not possible to see the line clearly Therefore saw to end the competition in the 53th minute, with the Thai League Company Limited, there will be a new competition time to know later. " Will be able to break the break during the FIFA Day in the 48th King's Cup football tournament, 22-25 September 2022 at the 700th anniversary of Chiang Mai Sompoch Stadium, Chiang Mai Province, with New Thitiphan Puangchan Rubling United joined the war elephants this time. The next match of "Thep" True Bangkok United will visit "Singha Harbor" Port Authority on Sunday 2 October 2022 at Pattian Stadium. Both sides of True Bangkok United: Michael Falcard (GK), Peerapat Note Chaiya, Everton Gon Calvas Nan Des, Thitiphan Phuangchan, Tristongdo, Chaya Wat Srinawong, Decade Limwan Sathien, Vander Louis, Mahmood Ed Ratchaburi FC: Kampon Pathom Akul ( GK), Raphael Jane, Pawir Tan Tanthem, Park Junhyung, Jirawattanthong, Dazzling, Pathomchai Suea Sakul, Chakraphan Kaewprom (C), Krisnon Srisuwan, Sittichok Kantan, Derley, Alvin Fortes
"Artota" amazed "Martinel" LeeChange to a different person after taking Arsenal to attack Brentford.|The Arsenal's large Miguel Arteta Boss has appreciated the form of Gabriel Martinelli's play as a different person from last year after the person concerned. Show outstanding form in the game that beat Brentford in the Premier League on Sunday night, according to the report from Metro when The Gunner Playing with a defeat for the destroyer bee, which has just been promoted to play in the highest league for the first time in the club's history. 3-0 from the goal of William Saliba, Gabriel Chess and Fabio Viera, which helped the team from North London return to lead the crowd again with Ah. Teta Gave an interview after the game, praising the form of Martinelli that this game was outstanding And showing the form changed from last year that was defeated by Brentford at this field. "Just one year If you watched the game he played here last year and today, it was amazing with his development. He fully grew up. Know how to assess the situation and level of practice. Game understanding Or even matters of physical condition He is not the same player. Today I think he plays very well. "
Real Madrid invaded Atletico Madrid 2-1, 6 matches in a group of La Liga.|Real Madrid attacked Atletico Madrid 2-1 to win 6 matches in a row. There are 18 full points, ready to return to the leader of the La Liga as before. The patch between "Bear" Atletico is open to open Wan Tao. Metropolitano Received the visit of "The White King" Real Madrid, the home team, Atletico Madrid, has good news. Oblakkhao, one goalkeeper, come back to see the pole in time and let Antoine Greece really perfectly in the future. First in this season, Real Madrid lacked Karim Benzema, the first half of the injured spear, the first half of the 18th minute. Real Madrid brought up 1-0. Rodrco fired with the right right. Then, the 36th minute, Real Madrid fled to 2-0. Repeatedly, before the first half, with the second half of the second minute. At 83 At Madrid, it was 1-2 from Mario Ermoso and during the Madrid injuries to 10. When Ermoso went to make a foul at Dani Se Byss, the second yellow card became a red card, fired from the field to finish the game. Real Madrid invaded Atletico Madrid 2-1 to win. 6 rowing up to 18 points up to bring the crowd successfully.
Napoli attacked the 2-1 in Milan.|Napoli shows a strong form, winning AC Milan 2-1 up to lead as a sergeant of Serie A Italian Serie A, the Italian Serie A Serie A, 2022-23 between the "Red Damage". AC Milan opened the Sanziro stadium. Napoli, the home team, AC Milan, no Rafaelle, taking the offensive line that is banned. The offensive line was led by Olivier Shiroud, and Napoli sent Komo Raspaidry, Quicha Quarta, Schlia and Matteo Politano to play attacking games. The results show that the first half of AC Milan is still always Napoli 0-0 in the second minute, 55 minutes, Napoli got the penalty from the moment that Quarat Cheria was hit by Sergio Dest in the penalty area and Matteo Politano is responsible for killing, not missing Papoli, leading up 1-0. After that, the 69th minute, Milan rival 1-1 Tao Aera Nandez fell into the penalty area to the end. The left side before opening for Olivier Shiroud to enter the 77th minute. Napoli went up again 2-1. Mario Rui opened the ball from the left to the penalty area. The end of the game, Napoli invaded to win AC Milan 2-1, collected to 17 points to bring as a leader. Milan has 14 points.
Uniono Volfsburg 2-0 leads the Bundesliga.|Union Berlin returned to the crowd again. After opening the house, winning Wolfsburg 2-0 in the Bundesliga battle Germany, Bundesliga, Germany, 2021-22, between Union Berlin, the 2nd number of the Alte First Taura. "Wolf of Beer City" Volfburg No. 17, the secondary plum of Ununyon Berlin's table, is still unbeaten this season and needs 3 points to return the group from Dortmund. As for Volfsbur, the plum, it appears that Union Berlin beat Wolfburg 2-0 by Union, with Jordan Cibaor, 54 minutes and Chet. The 78th minute Dobacker won the victory, causing Union Berlin to win 2 matches in the league, added to 17 points, overtaking Borussia Dortmund to bring as a leader. With more than 2 points than the yellow tiger from playing 7 matches
"Messi" beat victory!PSG Chuea slaughtered Lyon 1-0 to hold the league leader.|Lionel Messi scored a goal of Paris Saint-Germain, defeating Olympic Lyon 1-0, led the leader of the Ligue Ligue Football Ligue, 2022-23 during the Olympic Lyon. The visit of Paris Saint Germain, Peter Boss, the trainer of the Olympic Lyon, leading the team to the latest, losing to Monaco 1-2, causing them to lose in 2 matches, Christoph Galtr, PE's trainer. The latest team attacked to beat Makabi Haifa 3-1 on the UEFA Champions League, the second match. As for the work in the league, they opened the house, won the 1-0 win, causing the former champion team to be unbeaten. This season, the results showed that Paris Saint Germain invaded the Olympic Lyon 1-0 by P Asche got the goal from the 5th minute from the rhythm of Neymar through the ball for Lionel Messi to beat with the left. There was no remains of victory. Leading as a leader There are more points than 2 Olympics, Marxse, 2 points.
Defeat the news of the house!"Georgina" shows off the sweet "Ronaldo" after being rumored (picture)|Considered to defeat the news of the family problems successfully. After this, the British media watched the relationship of Cristiano Ronaldo, the superstar of "Red Devils" Manchester United and Georgina Rodriguez, the youngest wife. beautiful After the rumors that they had problems Previously, the 37 -year -old football had to live away from his wife for more than 1 month after the woman did not want to return to live in England, but chose to be in Spain, while Ronaldo's body had a problem. Busy with the situation in the Old Trafford. After the future, the football trade is still not clear that it is just a backup. However, after the football market closed Causing all the situations to be resolved immediately when Cristiano Ronaldo will continue to play with the team at least during the January football market. And it seems that the 28 -year -old girl model can agree on family life with the famous football. Recently, Georgina Rodriguez has posted a picture with her husband while soaking the water together. On Instagram for the first time in almost 2 months, since there are rumors that both of them have problems. After the competition between Manchester United and Leeds United have to be postponed, both have time to meet in Lisbon. At the same time, Georgina also wrote a message. "The weekend feeling" including showing off the tattoo on the wrist "MAMA" (mother) indicates her status with a total of 5 children, consisting of Cristiano Ronaldo Junia. That was born with a woman, Mateo and Eva, a male-female twin, born from Mae Num Bun, Alan Martina, his daughter, who was born with Georgina Rodriguez and Bae. Lala Espressa, the youngest daughter
The Thai national team U20 does not penetrate, defeated. 0-1, finish the group championship.Measured with the group H|On September 18, 2022, at 23.45 hrs. In Thailand at the Alsada Sports Complex Football Championship, the Asian Championship, the Qualifying Ceremony, not over 20 years, G 3, the Thai national team, U20 meets the host Oman. Bader Balero Garcia changed from the previous game. By sending Peeranan Bua, the goalkeeper in the game first It is the real replacement that Thanakrit Lakla, who is banned, banned the game at the 21st minute, Oman brought Thailand 1-0 from the free kick of Ahad Al Ma Chaiy and the only goal in the first half of Thailand. Trying to invade heavily but not to end the game. Oman won 1-0 to win 1-0, but the same 6 points, but Head Toh Oman is better for the Thai national team. U20 will return to Thailand immediately, with the Suvarnabhumi International Airport on the day. On 20 September 2022 at 18.00 hrs. Approximately 11 names. Chu Buaphan (C), Sitta Bunla, Khok Khamkham, Phu Wanyong Kui, Thanawat Sai Phet, Bukka Ri Lem Dee, Peeranan Bua
Shocking!Open the wage "Kaneo", a boiling duel "Golfkin", how much fighter?|Mum lost after the world fist bet, 4 institutions (WBC, WBA, WBA and IBF) between Saul "Ganeo" Alvarez, a Mexican fist with "Triple Ji" Golov Gin, the top of the Kazakhstan fist at the Avan areas-Mobile Arena, Nevada on Sunday morning, September 18, in which the fight in this fight, it appears that 12 Sarad Saul Alvarez is the defendant to win the consensus 116-112, 115-113 and 115-113. Protect the 4 world champions and the Ring belt again. However, after the end of Michael Benon, the boxing reporter of the Talk Sport, famous media in the sports world. Revealed the wages of the Big Fighting boxing Which has been organized up to 3 sectors, receiving a good response from the boxing fans, in Saud's "Ganelo" Alvarez, the Mexican world champion Able to raise up to 45 million US dollars (about 1,660 million baht), while Golovin Kin, the Kazakhstan challenger Got a fee of $ 20 million (about 738 million baht). The said number does not include the share of the live broadcast from the PPV. Will grab the money from this fight up to 60 million US dollars (approximately 2,200 million baht)
"J", "Czech" to Thailand, fly with friends to Chiang Mai, go through the 48th King Cup battle.|"J" Chanathip Songkrasin and "Czech" Supachok Sanchart arrived in Thailand Along with flying together with friends of the Thai national team To Chiang Mai In order to prepare for the 48th "King Cup" football cup, while Sarach is Yen Yen Yen Dynamo midfielder from BG Pathum United must withdraw due to the latest Thai league game injury at the BG Pathum team. United always invaded PT Prachuap FC 2-2 on Sunday. The "Chang Suek" team called Sumanya Puri Sai, a cool midfielder who was doing a great job with Chon Buri. FC instead. The Thai national team has a program on the field on September 22 at the 700th anniversary of the Chiang Mai celebrations in Chiang Mai. Will meet with the Malaysian national team at 8:30 pm live broadcast on Thai Rath TV, HD32 and AIS Play
Beautiful Strong!"Eve Chaniporn" Thai bodybuilding angel, 3 champions, year 2022 (Image)|Outstanding eye -catching for "Eve" Chaniporn Kaewchot, a cute female bodybuilder In the bodybuilding competition And fitness "Thailand Muscle and Physical Championship 2022" last weekend before she won the hearts of the championship committee in the category Female model The height is not exceeding 164 cm. Considered to win her 3rd championship this year after Elite Physique Champions 2022 and Bikini & Pro PCA Thailand 2022 from the beginning of heartbroken. Causing her to not feel confident in herself Therefore turned to pay more attention to himself by exercising, losing weight from 58 kilograms to 45 kilograms in one month The turning point again occurred when he was persuaded by the seniors to participate in the first bodybuilding contest before being ranked 4th before receiving the scholarship. University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce Participated in the competition on the Asia Pacific Bodybuilding Championship 2019, which she successfully won the winner of the win. Before sweeping various awards In every stage that compete As well as changing the role to be a coach for many girls. As for how good and beautiful, let's see
"Mano" called "Sumanya" instead of "Sarach", the 48th King Cup battle.|On September 19, 2022, the Thai national footballer prepares to depart from Don Mueang Airport at 12.00 hrs. Led by Manopopping, the manager of Chanathip Songkrasin, Thirathorn Bunmathan and Supachok. Sarachart for the 48th King Cup in Chiang Mai on September 22-25, Manopopping, the Thai national team manager, revealed that "After arriving, probably have to check the physical physical condition of the players first because some people have just Playing the league game on Sunday evening Will see who is ready When everyone is ready to talk about playing with Malaysia again While the position of the captain has not yet talked Will be chosen again in 2-3 days. "The reporter asked about the issue of Mano. Used to be the assistant Wilfred Chefer in the 42nd King Cup football match in 2013, which was held in Chiang Mai as well. But this time, as the head coach The Thai national team head coach said, "It is a good experience and hope that this time will do better work than before. Won the championship Because now we have a strong team Combining both experienced players and rising star players Hope to lead the team to win this championship. "In addition, Mano also mentioned the calling Sumanya to replace Sarach. That was injured "Unfortunately, there will be no Sarach. But thought that it would not have much impact on the team Because Sumanya himself did a good job with Chon Buri Is a very good number 8 player and will definitely help the team. "" Note "Chakkaphan Kaewprom, a high -experienced midfielder that returned to the Thai national team again, said," Very happy because this is the goal. Take it before the season that I want to come back to the Thai national team again. Therefore, I'm glad that the good team and personal work are also good. "The first match, Thailand will meet Malaysia on 22 September 2022 at 8:30 pm, Thairath TV, Channel 32, broadcast live and AIS Play.
move!"Chanathip" posted like this after the situation in "Fron Talay" is not good (picture)|Chanathip Songkrasin, the Thai national star, who traveled to play with Kawasaki Frontle, a famous team in the J.League. Come out to move online After facing a difficult situation in a new club, in the past month The Thai national team was taken by Toru Onuki, the big manager removed from the real team to 5 games before the latest match came back to start the real one again in the game that always invaded Kashiwa that Ray Sol 1. -1 on Saturday, which for the situation of the concerned person now, must say that it is more difficult than the time of football with Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo, the former team, because the team has a higher competition than Referred to In addition, the players on the team are many national teams. However, the latest The 28 -year -old midfielder has posted a message in the online world that clearly indicates the feelings of the person at this time. "Never give up." This event is called Thai fans to be confident that the person fights wholeheartedly. For Chanathip Songkrasin, there is a statistics for "Azuro Nero" in the 15 league games. Azist, who is now traveling back to Thailand In order to serve his hometown, prepare to compete in football Compete for the 48th "King Cup" cup, with the Malaysian national team On Thursday 22 September
Still not satisfied!"Ten Hak" Won Board Manchester United "Leicester football" join the New Year's team.|"Red Devils" Manchester United, the famous club of the English Premier League, is the news that wants to hunt the midfielder Yuri, the midfielder of Leicester City, a rival team in the Premier League in the market in January next year, according to reports from The Caught Offside website, Belgian national midfielder, has left a contract with "The Fox" until the end of this season. By negotiating the new contract, it has failed since before closing the season. While the players confirmed that he wanted to move to the team that played in the UEFA Champions League. However, Arsenal was given as one of the favorite lemons to strengthen the army in the summer, with Liverpool's name coming in with the final curve after they had a problem. Many injured kicks, but from the latest report of Fichajes, the famous media of Spain has stated that Manchester United is another team that shows the demand for the Leicester football. He wanted the players to reinforce the army in January. It was expected that at that time, the value of Lemans would be cheaper than before. And there will be many leading teams offering to the Siamese fox, while Fabrisio Romano believes that Arsenal is still a favorite and they will come back to approach the players again in the winter market.
Prepare to bomb the ASEAN beach championship 2022. Thai beach football aims to protect the championship.|Prepare to bomb the ASEAN beach championship in Thailand. Sethakorn Chai Chuen Ta, head coach Thai national beach football Set a target to protect the championship for the "AFF BHC Championship 2022" competition, which will be held between 28 September - 1 October at Central Pattaya Beach Stadium, Chonburi Province, with 4 The nation participated in the Thai national team (host), Malaysia, Indonesia and Timor-Leste by Thai national beach football Under the leadership of Lieutenant General Issara Watchara Prateep, the consultant of the Sports Authority of Thailand Is the team manager and "Coach Ek" ​​Setthakorn Chai Chuen Ta, head coach There is a program to fight the ASEAN Championship, "AFFBC, Championship 2022" "Coach Ek" ​​Settharachai Chuenta, the head coach, said that the Thai beach football team has continuously practiced at the SAT. Head and on September 19-20, there will be 2 warm-up games with the Kia Viet FC club from Vietnam at the Sand Stadium beside the Dowrsdium at 16.30 hrs. Both days to check. Ready before cutting the players With the target of the Asian Championship Of course, we want to protect the championship again for this program. The competition has been held 3 times. The first time in Malaysia in 2014, the host beat Vietnam 6-4, the second time in Indonesia in 2018, the Vietnam won the team. Thailand 6-4 and the latest in Chonburi province in 2019, the Thai national team won the championship by defeating Vietnam 4-2.
Full of this set!Open the list of "14 young larvae", the World Championship 2022.|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland will be the host of the competition between September 23 - October 15, 2022 by the "Thai lady slap". With Poland, Turkey, Dominican Republic, South Korea and Croatia. Fans can follow live broadcast on Workpoint Channel 23, the latest volleyball association of Thailand. Announced the list of athletes And the team officials who will participate in the competition are completed. The list of 14 Thai girl slap There are as follows: 1. Piyanuch Little Keit 2. Natthaphon Sanit Klang 3. Pornphan Kerdpracha 4. Natthanicha Jai ​​Saen 5. Thad Dao Kidth 6. Handja Bamrungsuk 7. Watchariya Nuancham 8. Thichakorn Bunlert 9. Atcharaporn Kongyot 10. Chatchchu Armoksri 11. Pimphichaya Group 12. Sasipaporn Chantawisut 13. Thanatcha Happy 14. Cattlery Pinsuwan Team Manager: Somchai Donprai Yod, Head of Trainers: Danai Sriwat Methakul, trainer: Chamnan Dok Mai, Trainers: Natthaphong Keshaphan, Doctor of Team: Pichet Visit Physiology: Thiprat Kaewsai Sports: Thaworn Kamutsri for Thai women team will depart on 20 September 2022 with BR075 flights. EVA Airlines leave Thailand at 12.30 hrs. Set to Amsterdam at 19.35 hrs. (Local time).
The Thai national team practiced the first meal in Chiang Mai. "Sumanya" was honored to serve the nation again.|On September 19, 2022 at 17.00 hrs. At the Alpine Football Stadium, Golf Club, Chiang Mai Province The 48th Thai national team, the King Cup, first practiced after arriving in Chiang Mai. To prepare before the first game with the Malaysian national team by practicing this meal. Because many players have competitions from football leagues It took 1 hour to practice before the practice of Sumanya Puri, the tough midfielder of the Thai national team, which was called to replace Sarach Yuyen, giving an interview before the practice, "I'm very happy and honored that Returned to the national team again There is nothing to refuse. Because the greatest in the career of I "" Personally, will do good work. If there is a chance to do the best All of you are very ready this time. And hope to win the championship for Thailand. "" As for the age It is normal that we are old. But we have the opportunity to step back again Maybe very little to get back But when we have always worked hard, doing the work for the club well, it is a good thing for us to come back again. "Finally, all Thai football fans would like to come to cheer a lot. Because encouragement is important Want to encourage each other We will do our full duty and meet at Sumanya Puri Sai Field. "The first match, Thailand will meet Malaysia on 22 September 2022 at 20.30 hrs., Thai Rath TV Channel 32 and AIS Play.
"Zuma Rah" leads the big yellow tiger army to Chiang Mai. Prepare to boot "War Elephants", the 48th King's Cup football.|On September 19, 2022 at 17.05 hrs. Malaysian national team led by Kim Pang Gon, the head coach of South Korean. With athletes and staff coaches Arrive at Chiang Mai Airport To prepare for the 48th King Cup football cup to meet with the Thai national team on September 22 24 players with the Malaysian national team coach Will cut 23 players on September 21, before the first game, met the Thai national team on Thursday 22 September for the list of 24 Malaysian national football teams, consisting of the goalkeeper Radia Salee Rasali. Makala Mullah Al -Hafiz has a quarterback. Kusai Mipena Simsul, Parbin, Ong, Mate, Davies, Dead Lamebertdo. Mini Tantay Di -on Cools, Azuman midfielder, has Fine Sol, Halim Mukkli, Ajamal Brendan, Kanthana, Mi Fais Akyah, Rajawinthiran. Vengadezanzyh, Free Yahsama Azuma, Darren Locksa, Arafi Afika, Afawi, Safa, Rachawa, Mohama, Sooma Rah
Smooth!"Former porn star" revealed that he likes to have sex with athletes."Accurate concern" is the best in life (picture).|Became a sensation immediately when Lisa Anne, a former porn actor who currently transformed into a program And became famous in the United States Out to reveal her secret story to the fans. Get to know each other by a former 50 -year -old actress, held a program before revealing that she had slept with more than a hundred people. Both in the actor's career And personal matters But the thing that impressed her the most sex is to sleep with the athletes. "I would like to say that sleeping with athletes is very awesome. Which, if ranked to the number one NBA basketball player Next is an American football player NFL and the third is Major League Baseball players, but I don't care about the fighters. UFC "" The reason is because the athletes will not make me lose sex. They never lose manners to me. This is their strength. They have fitness physical condition. They are still young They are very tough, able to do what the young actors. Can be done in the movie scene. "" In addition, they will not disturb you. Because they have to practice And I can know their time. "Former porn actors Open mind through Wag Wednesday. However, in the past, it happened to a NBA basketball player who missed the draft until it was a famous news. Because he enjoyed her in bed for too long Until traveling to participate in the selection of athletes in time. Lisa Anne is considered a famous adult movie actor Including working as a director Which her work is popular And the most successful in the porn industry However, she decided to stop accepting the show in 1997 due to fear of AIDS. Before returning to the show again in 2006 and officially closed the industry in 2020 by turning to entertainment And write a book
Clear position!"MBPP" refused to take a picture with the French national team because he didn't want to promote the sponsors.|French national football team There is a program to play the UEFA Nations League this week, but there is a problem before starting. When the striker Superstar, Kiliyan MBPP, does not want to participate in photography with the national team. For compensation activities, sponsors, French supporters There was a queue to kick with Austria on September 22 and Denmark on September 25, before the game, the players who came to the national team were informed by the French Football Association (FFF) that they had to participate in the promotion of the team. "Chicken brand" together with various supporters Which provides a total of 14 associations to support. The content states that "MBPP does not want to participate in photography activities as planned. After the association refused to amend the agreement of the player's photos and supporters. He felt very sad that there was no need to make an agreement before reaching the World Cup. "This conflict, since March, the 23 -year -old star has informed FF to amend the agreement to lead the supporters. Pictures of players to use trade In the past There are some players who are used to promote more products than other players. And have more share of images than others, which MBPP thinks that all players should have the same opportunity and compensation, but FFF ignores this request, not only that, Mbappe is still angry. Resent that the former supporter of the national team like Winamax, a legal gambling company in the country Bring a picture of a man taking off his pants, happy to post on the field to Twitter. Then wrote the caption, "Kiliyan MbPP is glad that his son scored in the game with South Africa", which, despite the deleted, but he felt so resentful that "Gambling is a bad thing. Helping to honor each other. "Currently, France has support sponsors such as KFC, Uber Eats, Coca-Cola. The report states that MBPP is not involved in helping to promote food-beverage companies, including Betclic. Another legal gambling company That pays as a sponsor to FFF in the amount of 8 million euros (about 336 million baht). Causing to not take a picture so that these companies use the trade in the case of MBPPP, similar to when Cristiano Ronaldo, the Portuguese national team striker Move the Coca-Cola soda bottle out of the famous press conference in the Euro 2020 because they do not want to promote the products that they do not consume. And see it as a bad thing for health Until becoming a famous issue all over the world. At that time, what happened at this time, the French national team There was a problem to invite all the temples since Paul Pogba, the important midfielder of the team. With a conflict on the field and Mathias, the brother who came out to the younger brother, became a lawsuit in court, while the FF's president Nool Leuro was scared that sexual harassment and Threatening many female employees in the association Before reaching the story of MBPP is the latest case.
The new manager is here!Brighton appointed "De Sauce" and immediately duel Liverpool at the beginning of next month.|Currently, Germ, Potter, the manager of Brighton, leapt on the highest league. Going to get the Chelsea team, which has been in charge of taking the team with Radbul Salzburg 1-1 in the UEFA Champions League, which Chelsea has Pay the contract to the Potter's contract in the amount of around 13 million pounds (530 million baht). The latest Brighton and Hofbian announced the appointment of the 43 -year -old Roberto de Saebun, who has just farewell to the Donet. Due to the battle between Russia and Ukraine Already took the position of the new manager of the team The media will be released on Tuesday 20 September because England is currently in the preparation of the royal cremation ceremony. Italian, such as bleaching, Plermo, Benevento before being successful with Sasuo Lo in 2018-2021, which reported that Brighton has approached this coach to replace Grill. The only one, Deat Breaton will immediately invade Liverpool on October 1.
Look at the program+live broadcast"Thai national women's volleyball" 2022 World Championship|The 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Competition is to lead the 24 teams from all over the world in the Netherlands and Poland to be the host between 23 September - 15 October 2022 by "Thai Sum Plai Sum". The 14th team in the world has been lottery in the Group Bland, together with Turkey, Dominican Republic, South Korea and Croatia, which will compete in all ways. Selected for the competition program Thai women's volleyball team on the World Championship 2022, Saturday 24 September 2022 at: 18.00 hrs. Turkey meets Thai Wednesday 28 September 2022 (Tuesday night, September 27) at 01.30 hrs. Poland meets Thailand Wednesday 28 September 2022 at 19.00 hrs. Meet Croatia, Thursday, 29 September 2022 at 19.00, South Korea, found Thailand on Saturday 1 October 2022 at 19.00 hrs. Dominikan. You can watch the live broadcast on Workpoint Channel 23, every game that the Thai national team compete.
Normal things of professionals!"Di", without problems, joining the national team camp with the Red Devils|Manchester City's quarterback hugene volunteers confirmed that he was able to work with the players from Manchester United, a rival in the Premier League battle without problems when playing for the Portuguese national team according to the report. The 25 -year -old Manchester Iphoning Center is called in the national team along with clubmates such as Bernardo Silva and Chu to take Kansol while there are players from the side of The Red Devils, Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fair, Des and Diego Dalots are also attached to this team. Mentioning working with friends in different clubs Especially with Manchester United, which he confirms that everyone has no problems in playing in the national team in any way. "I think that being a friend to help us during the change. Because we know each other from the club. "" We have 3 people from City and 3 other players from United. More than that is to be able to change the status. And everyone is already friends. "" With different ways of playing It is therefore very important that we have to change from the club to the national team. And demonstrates dedication and willing to all teammates, "said Di.
Please be born!"Flowing Fah" Hope "Bancha Mek Camp" prepares to start one October 1 Oct.|"Kong Fah Bancha Mek", a young figurry boxer The legendary Thai boxing boy "Buakhao Bancha Mek" prepares to shine on the world stage for the first time with Charn "Anisa Mexen" hard, hard line from the land in the One Fight Night 2: Song VS. Angela III that will be broadcast live in the American prime time. Matching the morning at 07:00 hrs. Of Saturday 1 October 65, Thailand time, 8 -year -old, Chao Chaya ", the tank of Yamo" is a young Thai boxer. With the style of the booming beyond the woman Most recently, in May She became a bronze coin hero from a female kickbox. In the SEA Games in Vietnam, which has "Buakhao Bancha Mek" as the manager of the Thai national team kicking team, is currently resonating with the color of "Bancha Mek" from the persuasion of Buakhao who likes the character and skill of This pupil has been since entering the camp, collecting the national team. And helped to push to the world stage as the first female boxer of the fight. The first launches in one of the coming one, the sky must meet the rigid rival "Anisa Mexen", the owner of the world champion. Muay Thai and kickboxing many times Which is considered a big event for a newbie, taking off her handle quite a bit But if able to pass The chances of being born on the world stage are quite high. Will be able to compete in the same fight as the other two Thai athletes, namely "Super Bon Sing Mawawin" that will protect the World Championship, One Kick Boxing, Featherweight and "Stamp Fair Tex" You can follow up to encourage the new "resonant" in the battle. One Fight Night 2: Song VS Angela III live on Saturday 1 Oct 65 via Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One. Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start the first pair at 07:00 hrs. And Thai Rath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22:30 hrs. Ticketmaster.sg
Cut the problem!Manchester United keep an eye on "Greece Mann" after Madrid. Ready to release.|"Red Devils" Manchester United, the famous English Premier League club, shows the possibility of grabbing the Greek Greece Mann to join the team in the January football market by Greece Mann Young. Probably have to enter the field in accordance with the conditions for "Bear Bear" this season, even if the person can do a satisfactory work as a continuous backup, with Diego Simeone often sends him to the stadium from the bench behind the game. After 60 minutes of all games, both in the league and the UEFA Champions League, with the reason that the person is limited to the field with Att. Madrid comes from their efforts that will limit the costs that will occur. Up under the Greece's loan agreement from Barcelona, ​​which the team believes that there will be less of the said deal than before. The terms of the Greece's borrowing from Barca have an option to buy at 35 million pounds in the summer, but the limit of the time of this football field may give the team the power to bargain to close the deal. Under the value of less than 35 million pounds, while the latest report from Di Athletic indicates that Greece may decide to say goodbye to the summer market to The problem of unbe the contract with Atletico Madrid and Barcelona, ​​with Manchester United closely capture the situation.
Join the experience of fun at the "Bangkok Airways Surf Festival 2022 Presented by Boardriders".|Bangkok Airways invites water sports lovers Join the fun experience in the "Bangkok Airways Surf Festival 2022 Presented by Boardriders". Bangkok Airways Public Company Limited or Bangkok Airways Together with the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) and the Rider Board Beach lifestyle brand leader Inviting interested parties And water sports disciples Join and enjoy the "Bangkok Airways Surf Festival 2022 Presented by Boardriders". On Saturday 24 September 2022 at Memorre Beach And the Apsara Beach Hotel, Khao Lak Resort, Phang Nga Province, and experience the entertainment atmosphere with many beach activities such as beach volleyball competitions. Suma Class and Class Yoga by Roxy Exclusive led by Teacher Nan-Warisa Suthikulpanich Famous yoga coach Guaranteed expertise with the Yoga Alliance International certificate. At the same time, you can also win many prizes in the event from special sponsors! With On The Beach Free Mini Concert from Wanyai X Mon Monik for passengers of Bangkok Airways on Bangkok-Phuket (Back-over) routes that come to join the "Bangkok Airways Surf Festival 2022 Presented by Boardriders. "Get free! Suppose you From Bangkok Airways and Estenee Lauder, Billabong, Roxy just send evidence of booking tickets to Mktact_tourism@bangkokair.com And contact the souvenir at the Bangkok Airways booth at the event The conditions are in accordance with the company. Establishing interested parties can reserve seats. And ask for more details at Customer Information Center (Call Center) Tel 1771 or 02-270-6699 from 08.00-20.00 hrs. PG Live Chat: https://bit.ly/pglivechatTH Email: Reservation@bangkokair.com
Heaven on earth!Look at the house "Federer", the legend of the Swiss world (picture).|Rub to be the legend of the world tennis industry immediately for the former Switzerland's Roger Federer. Officially announced Stop the professional route for 24 years, with a 41 -year -old hole of a 20 -year -old Grand Slam Championship, having to experience injury to the knee until not playing all year ago. Before the person decided to end the tennis route in the end, which after the player will give time to the family It is expected to return to the house built in 2014, the Zurich Lake coast. With a construction budget of up to 6.5 million US dollars (about 240 million baht). The house is a 3 -story modern building constructed with mainly glass. There is a glass dome on the top of the building. And there is a large balcony that can see a quiet Zurich Lake view. Inside, there are complete facilities. There are more than 12 living rooms, large living rooms, swimming pools outside the house, large gym. And that is indispensable is the tennis court for use in the training. This does not include a penthouse in the Le Reve in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. And a house in South Africa Referred to in 2014. For Roger Federer, is considered a world -famous tennis player in the world for 6 consecutive years with many sweeping works. Causing more than 3,000 million baht to increase the income and make history become the first tennis player to be able to play the number 1 athletes that make the highest income in the world in 2020, from Forbes rankings, financial magazines Famous in the United States
"Carabao Deng" bombing the 7 football fighters in Thailand. "|"Carabao Daeng" world -class products World -class brand World -class football competition, Carabao Cup in England Officially joins hands with "SiamSport" organized 7 football tournaments. Carabao 7-A-Side Cup historical times. The greatest in Thailand Providing a precious experience, leading the "Championship team" to receive a big prize Bin the sky to the capital of the British football. Watch Carabao Cup season 22/23. Attached to the edge of the Wembley team !! With a prestigious trophy And other awards A collection of more than 3 million baht worth the first competition, the first field of Bangkok zone before departing throughout the country. The response is overwhelming !! For 7 football matches, the historical "Carabao 7-A-Side Cup" champion to watch the championship. Most recently, there was a press conference to open a tournament officially. Which was honored by Mr. Kamon Dit Samut, orbit, Deputy Managing Director of Carabao Group Public Company Limited as the president of the press conference With a team representative Among the media army, there are a lot of witnesses. At the Grand Soccer Pro Football Stadium (Kaset-Nawamin), Mr. Kamon Dit Samut, orbits, Deputy Managing Director of Carabao Group Public Company Limited, said that Carabao Dang aims to develop athletes. Especially football, which has proceeded to organize various activities Come continuously Which this year has continued the spirit of the company's vision "Red Carabao Drink World -class products World -class brands. "Official Carabao Cup football players in England. In order to extend the Carabao Cup football trend, Carabao Daeng Company Limited has collaborated with Siam Sport Syndicate Public Company Limited or Siam Sports Sports in Thailand. Organize 7 football competitions. Carabao 7-A-Side Cup Championship to watch the championship. Up for the first time To encourage all Thai people to be healthy Having a heart love exercise And have sports skills Have a stage to show the ability through 7 types of football competitions that everyone can participate in the competition. Only 18 years of age. Arrange the competition in 2 rounds Organize competitions in all regions nationwide From 17 September 2022 - 6 November 2022, all 16 times (15 provinces) at leading football stadiums With a total of 512 teams participating in the competition. Eliminated competition system In each field, they will kick and select to find 2 teams that will enter the 32 final team for the championship. Will be held on November 12, 2022 at the Grand Soccer Pro, Bangkok (Kaset-Nawamin) to find the Carabao 7-A-Side Cup for the year 2022, with many awards that will be received in this competition. Total value of over 3 million baht. • The first winning team received a 100,000 baht prize money with a cup of honor. And medals And traveled to see the Carabao Cup 2023 final match at the WEWLAY, England, or 16 people. • The 2nd runner -up team received 50,000 baht prize money and medals • The 3rd runner -up team (joint) received a prize money of 30,000 baht per team and the medal. • The 5th - 32 team will receive a 10,000 baht per team. And the prize money of 10,000 baht. The company also supports beverages for all competing teams. By asking for all the contestants to show their footsteps fully And enjoy the activities with the spirit of fighters And athlete kindness And wish all teams successful in the competition Interested parties can follow 7 football tournaments. Carabao 7-A-Side Cup, including good activities. From Carabao Group And can follow the activity from Facebook: Carabao Sport or www.carabao.co.th "We will take the championship to see the championship together at Wemlie Stadium, England, with a team to prepare the team to practice well and come out to have fun together," said Kamdit. And can apply https://bit.ly/3rbyysb LINE ID: @Carabao-7-A-SIDE or click https://lin.ee/2CZFNLA as well as tracking 7 football matches. champion The prize is over 3 million baht. In addition, more details can be followed at FB: Carabao Sport or Tel. 0995480884 (Monday -Friday from 10.00 - 19.00 hrs.)
Just the sound knows that fit!The best of "Nat Kesarin". This event, the boys look and then again (clips).|It can be said that it is another actor-a young woman who is hard to exercise. Until there is always a sexy body for "Nat" Kesarin Chalermphon, the young man of the latest country Nat has posted a clip via Instagram. nat_officialCOUNT With more than 1.4 million followers with a favorite activity like fitness, with a trusted trainer to help organize the correct gesture But the thing that competes in the scene is The cry that tells the pain from the tense of the muscles of the person. The mother of sexy uses the caption of the clip that "The atmosphere of the rain is taken. Oh, hold your legs tightly. Before getting this much before, weighing 45 kg 4 sets ", which as soon as the clip was posted on social media Made the fan club Especially the boys Came to crowd the hearts and comments of the emoji quite a bit Then go to watch this clip of the most beautiful girl in the legendary Thailand
Just one thing!"Carragher" still believes in Liverpool in the path to win the league championship.|Jamie Carragurg Guru of Sky Sport believes that "his former Liverpool Reds have a chance to win the Premier League in the 2022-2023 season, even if they start with a bad form, even when Last season, Yergen Klopp will lead the team to win 4 champions at the same time, but in this season, "Reds" has returned poorly in the first 6 games. 9 points and the 8th place in the table after Arsenal, the team is 9 points. However, Carragher still believes that the German master will be able to bring the team back to win the championship again. With the condition that they have to come back to show good form Every game as well. "They are still the Premier League championship. No doubt But there must be a turning point, which must be more than just overcome the only game. Liverpool have a bad form of 5-6 games. "" The game that meets Ajax is the Liverpool form of Yergen. Lops that we are familiar with But I think they want more than just one game They have to keep it. "" You have to wait and see another 4-5 shots about whether they can return to the path to win the championship or not. But it's good to see them back to show a great form in the past game, "said Carragher.
It's related!"Benitez" revealed that formerly with Liverpool, causing Everton to fail.|Rafa Benitez, Spanish manager Those who have succeeded with Liverpool. In the past, opened with Sky Sports points out that with the history, he was unable to oversee Everton as he had planned. When it was released from the locality of Gudison Park after taking the position for only 6 months. "Elrafa" used to take the Red Swan to grab the 3 major calls between 2004-2010 before taking the top manager. Blue on the 2021 summer, but instead separated from The Blues after only 6 months from the poor work, Benitez opened with the good media, stating that he did not regret the position with our enemy. Machine, but admitted that he could not decide to decide in some matters with Everton because of the past that he had with him Liverpool "When Everton gave me a proposal I know that I will do my best and do everything in order to develop the development of the team, "Benitez said." I realized that it would be quite difficult. Because I used to be with Liverpool before, it might make me unable to make some decisions. This problem is clear from the beginning. "" I have a meeting with one of the team leader. I asked him if everything went smoothly. He replied that yes, everything was possible. Instead, I thought that the team of 600 million pounds would be smooth when the club owner was not happy. Our football fans are not happy. "" I immediately realized that there was a change from the inside. But I can't do it immediately. Because he had oversee Liverpool team before they felt that I would change the club. "" With another team that is not them I can make changes in the club. I have done it in the past because I am well aware of the development that will happen, but with Everton, I can't do it. "
New characters!The media revealed Manchester United.|The Sun, the famous media of England, reported that Manchester United is a news about the possibility of submitting 25 million pounds to grab Gonzalo Ramos. The 21 -year -old Summer Poor Summer market form with the agency this season due to the statistics of 8 goals from the first 12 games, resulting in the name of Ramos being watched by the Big team like the Red Devils. Eric Ten Hak's team has set up a ceiling to grab this football at a value of 25 million pounds. The Glezer family delayed the time to not approve the big booby for the Dutch coach to reinforce the army in the upcoming Gramachak Market. But they also assess the situation of the new striker to strengthen the army at that time. If Cristiano Ronaldo still wants to say goodbye to the Old Trafford while Marcus Rashford and AntoTanee Marcial still have to stay in the injury. The report states that Newcastle United, Manchester United league, is another team that Close the situation of Ramos closely in the past summer. But ultimately, Eddie How's team closed the deal of Alexander Izka from Real Sociad to join the team worth 63 million pounds. The shooting star of this Ben Pochao has a statistics to play with the team a total of 71 matches, 22 goals and 9 assists since debuting with the team in the 2019/20 season before becoming the keyman of The team in the front of the past season with Darwin Nuz, a former teammate who became a member of Liverpool.
Not just because the team is strong!"Levan" opens up. The reason for choosing to move Barcelona this season.|Robert Levandovski, Polish national team shooting star Who decided to move to join the Barcelona team, the giant club in the Spanish La Liga this season, revealing his feelings after rocking to experience in the fierce bull league, with a 34 -year -old shooting star showing confidence. That choosing to move to play for "Army Azul Krang" in this season will give him more chance to win the Ballon d'Or than when the football was with Bayern Munich, the former German League team. "This club has many players who can win the Ballon d'Or and when I choose to move to Barcelona, ​​I think that the award will be more likely. While being with Bayern Munich "at the same time The talented shooting star still opens up about the football fans in a short time that "I never expected that Barca football fans There will be composing songs for me. They cried for me at the Camp Nu Stadium. It made me feel that it was part of the team for a long time. "For Robert Lewandovski exploded immediately since moving to football in the area. Camp Nou, which has already made 11 goals from the 8 games in total.
War Elephants U20 to Thailand after the mission of Asian selection|Thai national football team, aged not over 20 years, arrive in Thailand After completing the Asian Championship mission Qualifier at Oman, 20 September 2022 at 7:00 pm at Suvarnabhumi International Airport Thai national football team, aged not over 20 years, arrive in Thailand Already After the completion of the Asian Football Championship Mission in Oman, in the past three matches, the Thai national team U20 won 2 lost 1, with 6 goals, +3 and having to win another group of competitions that will start competing in Next month after arriving at Salbador Balero Garcia, the head coach of the Thai national team, U20 said, "The result of the competition Will be regretted But another heart It makes me proud. Especially with this group of players Throughout the past period Both introvert Including when traveling to compete. "" Because every second that works together These players Made me very proud Whether the real or a substitute That is always done And pushing each other Although we may not be able to meet the goals. But we still have a chance. "" Thank you to the staff, athletes, including all football fans. I hope that these athletes go back to get the opportunity and try to continue to develop themselves. To upgrade yourself. "
"Thirathorn" hoping to win the King CupIn order to extend confidence before the Asian Championship|Tuesday 20 September 2022 at 17.00 hrs. At the Alpine Football Stadium, Golf Club, Chiang Mai Province The Thai national team, the 48th King Cup battle, continued to practice after arriving in Chiang Mai for the second day. To prepare before the first game with the Malaysian national team. By this practice, Mano Pinking, the head coach brought all 23 players to practice together, focusing on playing as a team. It took 1 hour and 30 minutes to practice before the Thirathorn Bunma -back training. The talented left of the Chang War army said, "Yesterday, from the practice, some people who played were recuperating. As for those who do not play There was no previous game, stretching the line of monkeys. Play a little bit of site Today, training will be a game. Build up I hope everyone will help each other. And have determination to practice before starting to compete in the first game. "" Personally, I am ready for the Thai national team. I hope to do a great job to play King Cup this time. "" This King's Cup and previous time is not much different. Because last time, kicking at Buriram, this time he traveled to Chiang Mai as a new dimension that the national team kicked in the provinces. Showed to the Chiang Mai football fans to see the fans to encourage us too. It's good to be able to wake up the trend with football fans in the provinces to come and watch football. "" This time, it was expected. Every program that I played is expected to win all 3 nations that participated in the competition as a strong team. There is a woven force that is superior to us. It is good for us to measure the standard. The players who come here have the ability, everyone can both J-check with experienced players and rising stars mixed with this team. It is believed that it will be another standard measurement before the ASEAN Cup and the Asian Cup next year. " Can cheer on the field, can send encouragement on the TV screen Believe that everyone will do their best to win the first game and can be nominated. "The first match, Thailand will meet Malaysia on 22 September 2022 at 20.30 hrs. Live broadcast on Thai Rath TV Channel 32 and AIS Play.
Thai Futsal, rehearsing the final curve before going through the Asian Cup 2022|On 20 September at Pat Arena, the home stadium of the Carlos Carlos Carlos, the big manager, led the "War Elephants", a small Thai national futsal team. Battle preparation set Futsal Asian Cup 2022 at Kuwait between 27 September - 8 October. Continue to practice by practicing this meal "Big Plop" Adisak Benjasiriwan. Vice President of the Football Association of Thailand Futsal Development and Beach Football Traveled to give a speech with the players Before departing from Suvarnabhumi Airport to Kuwait on September 23 at 09.55 hrs. For the "Coach Sea" training, increase the practice time to 3 hours but focus on tutoring, styles and tactics by boarding the field. And shooting the goal, score, rhythm, running, standing position After the rehearsal "Big Pom" gave a speech to the players that "At this point, fighting the final curve of the tournament and a few days left, we will travel to Kuwait. That must be emphasized as a debris is the matter of looking at health, keeping the body well Try to be in a safe area Especially the story that must be very careful And ask everyone to concentrate on the upcoming competition training as Asia's greatest comments. "While the Thai national coach Carlos Sarlos said," Practice In the past 3 meals, the active players have improved their own concentration. Now, the physical readiness is considered perfect. Nothing must be especially emphasized. At this time, we are trying to put a training program that is not very heavy, focusing on the tutoring of the plans. And there will be no warm -up games before starting a tournament In order to save more to prevent more injured players Because before, we were not very lucky to lose many of them. "The Futsal Asian Cup program divided the group at Sad Al Abdullah Hall. On September 27, 2022, the Thai national team met the team. Iraqi nation at 21.00 hrs. (According to Thailand), 29 September 2022, the Thai national team, Kuwait national team at 23.55 hrs. (According to Thailand) on October 1, 2022, the Thai national team found Omanla national team 21.00 hrs. ( According to Thailand)
The football turned the life "Diamond Nam Ngam" from ice cream merchants.To the Chaiyo boxing championship, grabbed a 200,000 cash with a championship belt|Not objection to the committee Unanimous score Congratulations to "Petch Nam Ngam. Former Boxing Championship, Ratchadamnoen stage Which hit the football, not stopping the "Felipe Saudi" from Brazil, grabbed a total of 3.5 hundred thousand baht and the honor belt from Chaiyo. Successfully dominate Ready to grab the son and receive the award, both tears and finals. "Boxing Fighter, Chaiyo" car registration loan Sunday, 18 Sep 65, broadcast live via Channel 8 in the first game. Relying on the weapon, the knee approached, while the beautiful diamond water trapped out Some rhythms have a big boom. Create an advantage before lifting the second. Felipe does not wait. Open the game. And before accessing, there was a left -handed player. Along with the back of the night, every rhythm. Finally, the beautiful diamonds come to choose to release weapons, especially the football that can be released both left and right. In the eyes of the judges Won the score in a majority. 30-27, all three sounds, fighting the boxing championship. With a total prize money of 3.5 hundred thousand baht and the honor belt from Chaiyo While the Felipe Championship, Saudi Saudi Acknowledged a hundred thousand baht with a gold necklace, the heart of Chaiyo, "Diamond Nam Ngam" said after just the throne champion, "This fight, I was extremely intended. Hoping to turn life Because before this orbit Has transformed into a trader of ice cream to support the family But after winning this money champion, I will take care of the family. Which this fight has experienced a lot of Ratchadamnoen Championship, must watch Felipee Thank you to the Chaiyo Channel 8 and the beautiful team for helping me to have today. "For other boxing results, there are as follows: Ek -Dam Dam, the ball" won the points "Parham Kirati Mari. Kay "from Iran, the most fun" Yod Witthaya Sathien Muay Thai "won the score" Seo Nat Kasong "from Myanmar" White shark. Venum Muay Thai "beat Knocheimi Bluck from Sweden with a beautiful knee in the 1st round. Janetia Go to the boiling style. "Mery Samui gym tiger "lost to the points" Angela Chang "from the United States.
AIS is full of every match.Fresh every 48th King Cup battle in Chiang Mai|AIS Play still reinforces the leadership of the most live Thai football broadcasting as the only Thai football industry platform. Most recently, preparing to broadcast the 48th "King Cup" Cup for the year 2082, with 4 nations participating in the competition, namely the Thai national team, the Tranrid and Tobo. The national team? And the Malaysian national team on 22 and 25 September 2022, broadcast every shot directly from Chiang Mai at AIS Playais Play as the Official Broadcaster. Continue to deliver the experience of watching the fun of the Thai football industry continuously. Ready to send happiness to football fans all over the country to cheer for the War Elephants. The Thai national football team is on the edge of the screen through the live broadcast of the 48th "King Cup" cup. Between 22 and 25 September 2022, broadcast every match from the 700th anniversary of Chiang Mai in Chiang Mai, AIS Play for The 48th "King Cup" Cup football program has a total of 4 nations, which are the number 111 in the world, the world's 148 national team, the 109th Tigistan national team and The 101th Trangko and Tobo national team in the world by "Chang Suek", the Thai national team under the leadership of Mano Polling will start the first match on 22 September 2022, meet the Malaysian national team at 20.30 hrs. The 48th King Cup is as follows: 22 September 2022 • The 1st partner, Tranidad and Tobo national team, meet the Tigistan national team at 17.30 hrs., Ballthai 1 • Part 2, the Thai national team meet Malaysia at 20.30 hrs., Ballthai Channel 1, September 25, 2022 • The 3rd team losing the 1st pair, found the 2nd pair of losing team at 17.30 hrs., Ballthai 1 • The final team won the 1st pair. Time 20.30 hrs. LThai 1 Thai football fans should not miss. With this important battle Which can watch the competition Thai national football team, Thai football league, FA Cup Football League Cup, watch every match with highlights and re -run with the "Ballthai" package for AIS customers only 49 baht. /Month, press*678*8#In addition, for the best value AIS Play, it is also sent to the oil. Both European and Thai football as well. For AIS and AIS customers, apply at Play Premium Package. Press *678 *199# or Play Premium Plus. Press *678 *299# which includes famous apps. The world is in one place with many other premium channels, free of charge for other network customers. You can also accept it. Just apply for the "Play Premium" package 199 baht/month or Play Premium Plus "package 299 baht/month.
War poison!UEFA confirmed Russia from the Euro 2024 football selection.|The European Football Federation (UEFA) confirms Russia will be banned from Euro 2024 from sanctions against them from sports. As a result of the war that invades Ukraine, the Russian football team has been banned from all UEFA competitions, including FIFA since Vladimir Putin, the President of the White Bear. Invade Ukraine Last February And still fighting to every present, the Russian football union Trying to appeal to the Sports Arbitration Court But was denied in July, causing UEFA to confirm that Russia will not participate in the Euro 2024 qualifying round, which will be divided on the 9th October. Final automatically Resulting in the qualifying round of 53 nations, which will be divided into 10 groups, with 7 groups with 5 teams and 3 groups, 6 groups, each team, the champions and the champions of all 10 groups will automatically enter the final round. The remaining 3 quota will be obtained from the playoff. Which will be held in March 2024. However, UEFA also confirms that Belarus, who is a partner with Russia Will continue to participate in this qualifying round
Scoop: 5 to know before watchingThe 48th King Cup football|The 48th "King Cup" football competition is about to explode on 22-25 September 65, with 4 nations joining the Thai national team (ranked 111 worlds), "Yellow Tiger" Malaysia ( 148 World), Takikistan (109 World) and Tranid and Tobo (101 World) Kings Cup Is another program that Thai football fans Looking forward after not being organized 2 Full year due to the situation of the Kovid-19 Today, we will take everyone to follow up to 5 things to know before watching the battle of it. This time, the mission of the champion after the Thai national football team won the King Cup in 2017 and in 2. The next year lost the championship. The 2018 Slovakia national team and the Kurase national team in 2019, with the policy of "Madam Paeng" Nuanphan Lamsam, the manager of the Thai football faith. Due to the latter, the success of this competition, the association and athletes have the goal of returning the championship by the first match to compete. Thai team, we will meet Malaysian Yellow Tiger Team Statistics 5 The last match is Malaysia that is clearly better than winning 3 draws. 2, if calling the morale of the team back The Thai national team must win only Malaysia. In order to wait to decide the championship on the 25th September 65, although this program is just warm But it affects the score In addition, it is reputed "King Cup", a magical tournament and has been organized for a long time. The path may not be sprinkled with rose petals. Or will come to cover the red carpet, walk into the sign easily, but if you can return the championship throne again Thai sports fans are probably quite happy. The best players have already announced. For the list of 23 elephant warriors, led by many excellent players, including Chakraphan Kaewprom, Theerathorn Bunma, Karadakan and Suchjai. The Thai league goalscoring is now. And two famous stars from the J.League Supachok Sanchat, the star from Consadole and Chanathip Songkrasin, the offensive line of Kawasaki Frontalee by Jaychanathip Songkrasin revealed that the feeling of returning to help the nation this time, "I am honored to be chosen as a representative of the Thai national team. I believe that the Thai national team will achieve the set goals. I will put all my strength. I think I can play well because there are always fans supporting me. I can bake the best play and the best work for everyone. I will do my best. "The disappearance of Thirasil Dangda is another issue that social media is talking after. The striker of the Thai national team, like Chao Mui "Theerasil Daeng Da" is not named in the team to fight the King Cup in this time. With a older age Or the physical condition may not be fitted. The hundreds of people are ready to open the way for the juniors to step up to replace as the 'hope' in the goal, but in another aspect It is an opportunity for the new players who are currently good works like Supachai Jai, Suphasat, like Ta and Theerasak, revealing Phimai. Especially with Supachai Jai, who is extremely hot. Click 5 goals in the league. Created work and built a reputation for the nation In the future, it will become another legendary shooting center like Mui, "Theerasil Daeng Da", which has been made as a model 1 Thai national team. Opportunities for the new Thai national goalkeeper have arrived. After now, the old seniors, whether Sivakhom Sungnoen, injured during the game at Buriram United always, Muang Thong United or Kawin Thammasajanan. The chew that has an international experience in the international level is still at the time of the restraint, including Chatchai Butprom, which was the first hand. Is still in the period of restoration of the physical condition after the injury is heavily 1 of the Thai national team is free because of this. However, there are currently good goalkeepers. Many people in the country But each person is very similar Whether it is Kampon, Pathomkhakul, Phuket people of Ratchaburi FC, which works very well. Attached to the Thai League for 2 weeks. The other is equally given the form, Kittiphong Phu, a rope with the name of the Thai national team as well. This King Cup can send anyone to watch the pole. Because the work with the agency is considered excellent But must see again that when encountering an international game How well would they handle the pressure? Must wait to see the King Cup in Chiang Mai. With a new cup after Chiang Mai has been hosting the competition 9 years ago in the 42nd King Cup football cup. This year, this year is back again. Which will organize the competition The 700 -year -old Chiang Mai celebrating stadium, Mano Polling, Head of the Thai national team coach Said, "This coming is different from 9 years ago, who was the assistant coach. This time is the head coach. But with the same goal Meaning winning the King Cup and choosing this 23 players Have discussed for months and followed the form in the Thai League Before deciding to choose the players that are considered the best outfit And confident with the cheering for Chiang Mai football fans who are expected to be full of fields Giving us the opportunity to win the championship. "Another thing that will change in the King Cup is New football cup For the King's Cup football match This 48th time, the association Received a new trophy Is a whole new design Will be opened on 22 September 65 which is the opening day for the fans to watch at the same time
Rich habits!Look at the style of "Floyd", a former fist, raised the mall (clip)|"The Money" Floyd Mayweather Junior, a former fist without losing to the United States. Became a famous news again But this time it's not about the fight. Or the story on the boxing arena But it is a matter of spending that is still unique, with the former 5 world champions still acting as a monk, showing off the rich. With the style of purchase in the mall that fans Must be stunned with disbursement, ignoring the price While also buying a class, most recently, the one who is about to have a fight program in Japan this weekend Posted a picture while going to buy a luxury watch surrounded by diamonds in Tokyo This event even carried more than $ 10 million (about 370 million baht) for the previous hero of the former 45 -year -old boxer who traveled to Dubai. Before sweeping all kinds of brand -name products that even have to take the car out of Dubai Mall Due to not being able to hold After wanting to get it, everything for Floyd Mayweather Junior, the 50 -fighting statistics, is considered a luxurious person. And is passionate about the brand name products Was regarded as the most financial athlete of the 2010 (counting only during the period 2010-2019), with the revenue of up to 915 million US dollars (approximately 28,400 million baht) from a form Forbes, the famous financial magazine in the United States.
High position, waste!Chelsea Tapid "Willo B." after sending a lustful message to a young agent (picture)|The Sun Media of England reported that Chelsea ordered to release Damian Willobe, the director of the business of the business. Even though he had just come to get a new job for only 2 weeks Due to being complained about sending sexual harassment and using sedative language in social media. In the past, the media stated that Catalina Kim, agent and executives of the financial company Complaint inappropriate messages that Willo BB sent to her "Are you bare, right?" And also talked about the navel and sent 18+ clips to her many times. Going back to the meeting with Ferrand Soriran, the president of the Manchester City team last year, Willi also used a pornography with her, with Kim trying to warn Willo. B. said to stop this behavior And she was married too But it does not help the young executive to stop the act, causing Kim to complain to Tim. Click the Chelsea Business President. Decided to fired immediately Ready to reason that the decision of the person conflicts with the working environment and the corporate culture established by the new owner for Kim as the president of the C&P Sports Group and is an intermediary, making several million pounds between the giants. In Europe, such as Manchester City and Spurs
Big team and compete for yourself!The famous media revealed "Navanaree" is the target of 3 Premier League giants.|The Big team in the English Premier League fell into the news of the situation of Ethan Etannaree, a rising star under Arsenal closely after the 15 -year -old. Play in history The Premier League, Ethan Envanaree, is a 15 -year -old, becoming a history of the youngest player in the league, the elite when Miguel Arteta sent into the field in the game that the big guns attacked to beat Brend. The Ford is 3-0 lacking on Sunday 18 September. Was sent to play in injury time instead of Fabio Viera, while the game has been missing. The statistics were 15 years 181 days of the artillery, smashed the original Harvey Elliot's original statistics 16. Year 30, the day that the person was created with Fulm in 2019, with Navanery became the first player under the age of 16 to play in the Premier League as well. Pot The Gunner Has been watched closely from both Manchester City, Manchester United and Liverpool, which is the reason he has officially sent the stadium in the highest league. To build confidence in the 25 -year -old that he is part of the long -term team plan of Artta, Nanieri, played for the youth team of all the cannons, all ages, with the debut with the U-18 team last year and debut in the Premier League. Last month As well as being attached to the England team, U-16 and U-7
Even sitting on wheelchair!"Tyson" revealed the latest illness, sometimes heavy to the point of not being able to speak (picture)|After the image of a giant fist legend, Mike Tyson, 56 years old while sitting on wheelchair out to the world. Many people immediately show their concern for him. Referred to, explained that He has real health problems. "Chao Dam Dam" is regarded as It is one of the best Heavyweight boxers of all time. He dominated the 3 -generation Heavyweight championship belt. WBA, WBC, IBF is the first in history. As well as making statistics as the youngest boxer Which grabbed the Haviweight championship belt at the age of only 20 years, 4 months, 22 days, the latest Tyson, who is currently working to do legal marijuana production business until successful Was found while sitting on the wheelchair to Miami Airport In August In which he was in a sluggish state and held a staff to help him walk with himself Which he has already admitted that He was suffering from a sciatica, which sometimes was conscious to the point of not being able to speak. "I had a pain in my legs. When it relapse I couldn't speak at all. But thank God It is the only health problem that I have. I'm very fine right now. Everyone in my house is happy. We thank you for everything that we have. "Tyson opens up through the Newsmax TV program. The pain in the legs in Tyson is probably the consequence of using the body heavily as a fighter. Because he himself has to be forced to announce the hanging in 2005 due to the chronic injury problem in the back as well The pain in the legs (Sciatica) will occur on the cycline nerve. Which is the longest nerve in the human body It will have pain from the hips into the legs. Which is caused by the cite of nerves being pressed In general, it will take 4-6 weeks to treat, but if it is a violent case, it will take longer.
Measurement mission!"Buakhao", training the military personnel on the plane before jumping in the air (picture)|"Dam Dok Kom" Buakhao Bancha Mek, a Thai beloved public fighter Which has another duty in addition to the role of athletes By serving military service in the position of Lieutenant Lieutenant Sombat Bancha Mek under the backup center 40-year-old Thai boxer participated in the training course for the AB-1 Code, Class 338 again at the Special War School. Special War Center Lop Buri Province After previously practicing the mission 1 month ago, Buakhao has participated in the real umbrella jumping test in the AB-1 AB-1 military at Ban Tha Dua. Get a umbrella wing needle mark. Confirm that through the official course, which after the jump was completed Referred to the heart of the first temple that "Very excited Last night I slept normally. But when he saw the plane parked The heart beats very fast. It is even more than the new boxing stage. "For Buakhao Bancha Mek is a famous Thai boxer all over the world. And became very well -known among foreign boxing fans Have traveled to fight in many countries in Europe And Asia Grab a lot of championship belts Which made the name to be remembered to win the K-1 World Max in 2004 and 2006, while another role in addition to athletes Referred to as a representative of the Thai army In participating in activities with many agencies, both government and private, whether annual training, helping victims Including creating morale And encouragement for officials, people by continuously visiting the community
Swan or ghost?"Robinson" decide "Bllingham" which team is more suitable for|Former England goalkeeper Paul Robinson believes that Jud Belingham's midfielder of Borussia Dortmund has more style of play with Liverpool than Manchester United, a rival in the Premier. League In the midst of the news from both teams at the moment, according to the 19 -year -old midfielder report, it was widely talked about after showing outstanding form in the UEFA Champions game. The league that the Yellow Tiger team loses to Manchester City in the middle of the week. Along with the predictions of his future in the Summer, Liverpool and Manchester United are 2 teams that are linked to the movement of Bllingham in the next market, but Robinson believes that the citizenship midfielder Well, should choose to move to play in Anfield more than when looking at his play guidelines. "He is suitable for Liverpool. How to play with the play of Yergen Klopp is well compatible. Bllingham is a talented footballer. He still has a good year waiting in front. He is unbelievable. His specialty in playing with the ball is a special thing. I really like watching him on the field. " I think he's smart in the planning of his own football path. "" When will he just move back to England? I hope that he will move to play with Liverpool because his style of play is very well with the team, "Robinson said.
Proof of the field for the Thai national team of the 3 -star power in the King's Cup battle.|Before the 48th King Cup, Mano Poll, the manager of the Thai national team Announced the list of 23 warlords, which has 4 rising stars that stepped with a big set, but in Supanat's case, like the striker from Buriram United, has entered the field with 5 big national teams, can shoot 3 The door (warm up with 2 -door Tigistan, World Cup Qualifier, UAE, 1 goal), which is another 3 of them. Will enter the stadium in the warm -up game, meet with Thai League All Star at Rajamangala Stadium Which is not a game that is certified by FIFA and the World Cup 2022 Asian Zone Qualifier in the second round in UAE Only he himself has not yet had the opportunity to enter the field for the "War Elephants". However, the opportunity to officially play And received the first hat in the big team, not less when the International Football Federation (FIFA) sent a letter to the Football Association of Thailand Under the royal patronage To certify the status of the 48th King Cup football competition at the 700th anniversary of Chiang Mai To be a FIFA International 'Match game, which will be figured out in every game, but his position has number 1, Theerathorn Bunmathan, who should definitely hold the position. But if there is a chance that "Nong Nai" will enter the field, believe that Mano Poll Leasing of the Thai national team Would like to give this child the opportunity from the "Shark Chon" camp, which has led the team to hold the Thai league 2022/2023 with 6 wins, 1 losing 1, with 15 points. Sharks Chon "as well as Chatmongkol Thanaroj, as well as Meno Polling, which is Chan Narong Phromsri Kaew, who played as a true 5 games and 1 reserve for Chonburi FC, even without Assist and sending the ball to the bottom of the net, but the form in his field is outstanding. There is a speed that is unbeatable. Excellent attacking game with Sumanya Puri While also blooming in a brilliant play The rocky checkpoint of Khao Nok from the seniors in the same camp also has Chanathip Songkrasin or the year of the seniors such as Pathomphon Chareonratthanaphirom of BG Pathum United and Badin Phala of the Port Authority of another FC. Is a rising star that grew up from a farmer family in Phimai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, used to hire sugarcane to get 200 baht per day by moving to the Port Authority during the second leg of the season. But this season, the 20 -year -old star on September 21 or one day before entering the 48th King Cup football tournament, also has a name in the team with the work 5. Appoint 2 goals and become the number one gunman of Scott Cooper, the manager in Pat Stadium. Because the striker of the Thai national team Only the young age that represented by Theera, Daeng Da Chong, BG, Pathum United, who would like to heal the body 100 percent, causing the opportunity of Theerasak to reveal Phimai, there are not many. Will there be the opportunity to enter the field for the Thai national team? The first game met Malaysia on 22 September 2022 at 20.30 hrs., Live broadcast on Thai Rath TV Channel 32 and AIS Play. Football fans must follow. Do not blink !!
"Buriram United" sent 4 rising stars, practicing football with Consadole Sapporo for 2 months.|The movement of "Lightning Castle" Buriram United, which previously Mr Ne Win Chidchob announced that the Buriram United Academy played with Hokkaido Concerto Sapporo, which is now Supop. Choksarachart played for the big team in Japan. The latest on September 20, 2022, Mr. Chanchanok Chidchobchob, the director of the Buriram United Youth Development, sent 4 chicks. That has been pushed up to have a name with the big team like "Phon" Thanaphaboon Kitcharoen, "Ashli" Thawatchai Inprakhon, "Golf" Seksan Night and "Film" Samurai In order to practice football with the Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo Club, all 4 players will be trained by football tactics from the top of the Samurai team. That is in the J.League The highest league of Japan Which is the strongest league in Asia For more than 2 months before flying back to be a strong reinforcement to fight the Thai League for Buriram United.
It's funny!"Teerathorn" torn pearl "Nong Eve" sweetheart "Narub Din", the King Cup (picture)|Out of the field before the 48th "King Cup" cup that prepares to open tomorrow (22 Sep 65) at the 700 -year -old Chiang Mai celebration stadium. "Nong Eve" beautiful girl of "Ton-Narubadin Weerawatnodom", the right-back of the Thai national team from Buriram United, was preliminary before this program began. By posting a picture of the Thai national team on Instagram Eveyakay with a caption that "Like a man! #War elephants #Thai national team#King Cup #TogetherSone#Changseuk #Kingscup48#mbhbie#te#et ". Instead, it was not slapped with the correct word like "Chiang Mai" from "Um-Thirathorn Bunmathan." Backback left, seniors, teammates of Narubadin come to comment and tear with the word " Four men ..? "Until a fan club came to comment. "@Theerathon_3 Mee dumplings, go! Going to the funny way. "This event, Narub Din couldn't help but have to come in to reply," The way. "As for Eve, he commented that "He crossed the man" with a fun atmosphere for the 48th "King Cup" football cup. The world, the 109th Tigistan national team in the world and the 101th Terin Drad and Tobo national team in the world, the 48th King Cup football competition, as follows: 22 September 2022-Part 1, Tranidad national team. And Tobo meets the Takikistan national team at 17:30 hrs. Live broadcast on AIS Play-Part 2, the Thai national team meets the Malaysian national team at 20:30 hrs. Live broadcast on AIS Play and Thai Rath TV 32 days. 25 September 2022- The 3rd final team losing the 1st team losing the 2nd pair at 17:30 hrs. Live broadcast on AIS Play-Championship. The team won the 1st pair. . Live broadcast on AIS Play.
Tomorrow is ready to go!"Mano" believes the war elephants, no problem, Malaysian duel, hopes to see the rising star|Wednesday 21 September 2022 at 14:00 hrs. At the press conference room of Chiang Mai 700 years. Held a press conference before the 48th King's Cup football competition, with the 48th King Cup Cup, held in Chiang Mai. There are 4 teams participating in the competition, consisting of the Thai national team, the Malaysian national team, the Tikitan national team and the Tranidad and Tobo national team. At this press conference, the Thai national team sent Mano Polling, the head of the teacher and Chakkaphan Kaewphrom, a veteran midfielder. Join the press conference "Meeting Malaysia They are a good team. Is a team that is full of dangerous players And they have passed the Asian Cup finalists, "Head coach, the War Elephants," this meeting Our players have just revived the physical condition. After fighting from the Thai League game But we are well prepared. "" Statistics of the past Although Malaysia is superior to Thailand in the latter But still believe that this game will not be a problem for the Thai national team. "" As for the team captain This evening will announce that anyone will wear the captain's armband. "" In this team, we have a rising star striker called in the national team. Which, from the practice, believe that everyone will do well With the brothers and sisters to support And is an opportunity for the rising star to be born. " They clearly show from helping to enhance the rehearsal within the team. "Chakraphan Kaewprom said," Thank you for the warm welcome of Chiang Mai football fans who have impressed since the first day of the journey. And hope that football fans will come to cheer for the Thai national football team in the game with Malaysia. "The first match, Thailand will meet Malaysia on 22 September 2022 at 20:30 hrs.
Set a target like this!"Ronaldo" fires the age, not a problem, asking Portugal to reach this tournament.|Cristiano Ronaldo, a superstar shooting star of "Red Devils" Manchester United, a giant club in the English Premier League, announced a clear position in serving the Porut Gase national team. His hometown from now on, the 37 -year -old striker opened his heart at the award -held event. Portuguese Football Federation In this event, the person received a special prize from the collapse of the home of the hometown of all time, with 117 goals. At the same time, the person also revealed his goal in the name of the national team that there is still a fire. And would like to play for the team to the big tournament like Euro 2024, which at that time referred to 39 years old. "It was unbelievable that I inscribed the statistics as the person who scored the most goal in National level Of course, it is a long journey. But I would like to say that this trip is not over yet. "" I hope to be part of the national team. I was still thirsty to play. And has a high wishes with the path from now on We have a good new player. Many who are ready to step up. "" But I still want to play in the World Cup. And I still want to participate in the European National Championship in the next 2 years (Euro 2024) "Superstar striker Open mind for this announcement of Cristiano Ronaldo, considered to be a very surprise for the media. Because before this, it is believed that the 2022 World Cup in Qatar may be his last big tournament.
Request one more time!"Stamp" aims to be heavy, hoping to compete for the "Angela" belt again.|The Thai beloved female fighter "Stamp Fair Tex" announced the formation of the form more stronger to compete for the World Championship, one -version of the atomic in the mixture (MMA) and "Angela Lee". Set by requesting the first score from the competitor "Ji Hin Tai Suan" from Malaysia in the One Fight Night 2: Song VS Angela III that will be broadcast live in the American prime time. Matching in the morning at 7:00 am on Saturday 1 October 65, Thailand time after missing the opportunity to overthrow the throne of the atomic mother in the world championship in the month. March, the owner of the World Grand Prix Championship Was determined to train the game to be better than before The next level of the subject has received a purple belt in Brazilian Jews. JJ (BJJ) recently. Until now, the stamp is confident that she has developed a lot and ready to deal with the top competitors in the force to create a form. To face the atomic queen again, but first she had to go through "Ji Hin Xuan", a strong female fighter that is currently ranked 5th of this version of the force. Which means to sit instead of the number one chair first This fight therefore has a lot of meaning to the stamp because if you miss That means the world championship ticket, the number one will disappear with the eyes. In order to go up to the championship again, so I would not be easy to give up and intended to ask for another two to three fights To ensure that I'm good enough to go up to pull the belt from Angela Lee again. "" If I can pass the top rival in this force I believe that I will be able to develop skills to beat Angela next time. "Fans can follow the live broadcast of One Fight Night 2: Song VS Angela III is broadcast live. Saturday 1 Oct 65 via Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start the first pair at 07.00 hrs. And Thai Rath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22.30 hrs. This can also book tickets on the field via Ticketmaster.sg
Muay Thai rules!"Kapitan" meets the role "Alaverdee", the rules of Muay Thai, 29 Sep 29 Sep.|Two former World Champion, one -kicking boxing, Banatumwate, "Kapitan Petch Yindee Academy" and "Alaverdee Ramasanov" orbits back to meet in the Thai boxing rules that they both are good at. With an appointment to hit each other in the One 161: Emerald Petch, the sun shine on Thursday 29 September for Alaverdee, a skilled boxer from Russia, launched with One Boxing Muay Thai rules. Later, he crossed the line to fight the boxing boxing and was able to win the World Championship. One -Bog Boxing Boxing, the first one of One of One. Later, in January 2021, Alaverdee returned to protect the position with the "Kapitan" who pushed the Muay Thai before and just competed in the first kicking fight in one and it appeared that the Thai challenger showed the work. Invade the tire Fell the championship with the audience. Bantamweight version Able to protect the position in the first time in September 2021 from the challenger "Mehdee Private", Alaverdee's teacher who is out of resentment instead But in the next championship battle, Kapitan returned to miss the challenger from the Samurai "Hiroki Akimoto." Swing the belt in March, as they were in the past. The world is also a kickboxing. But the circulation came back again The situation will be different. Because they are fighting in the Muay Thai rules, which are already good at both of them Which will be a measure of skills to know who will be above the fans. Can follow the Watching of One 161: Emerald Petch VS Tawan on Thursday 29 Sep 65 via Watch.onefc.com, One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) starting at 17.00 hrs. And Thai Rath TV Channel 32 at 21.30 hrs.
"Suphanat is like an eye" the new star of the Thai War Elephants|"Bank" Suphanat is like a young boy who fought against fate in a farmer family from Sisaket. Start learning to play football with brother, check Supo Choksarachart, starting a football race on provincial programs. After that, with the outstanding playing form Therefore was pulled by the Buriram United Buriram United club into the academy And wake up and develop various skills Until able to enter the big team of Buriram and started the field as the youngest player in the Thai League 1 at only 15 years, 8 months, 23 days and also showing the Lat in the AFC battle Champions League later and the owner of statistics is the youngest player that can score a goal in this continent. Keep an eye on the world (Next Generation 2019) from the selection of The Guardian, famous media in England. As well as attaching to the ASEAN best player at the ASEAN Awards 2019 to decorate the cabinet as well. Currently playing for the Buriram United Buriram Castle and before the new season. Bank also has the opportunity to practice with Leicester City Club, the highest league team of the English football to gain experience. Bring to improve your own play When the Thai League season has been opened, 3 goals have been made with a hot form, resulting in the names of the Thai national team, the 48th "King Cup", which is going to compete in Chiang Mai in this page. The Thai national team started the first match against the Malaysian national team on September 22, 65 at 8:30 pm at the 700th anniversary of the Thai Rath TV and AIS Play.
"Chanathip" aims to win the King Cup for Thai football fans.|The final rehearsal elephant before meeting Malaysia in Chanathip Songkrasin, the Thai national team captain. Set a target to win the King Cup in front of Thai football fans on Wednesday 21 September 2022 at 17:00 at the Alpine Football Stadium, Golf Club, Chiang Mai Province. The 48th Thai national team in the King's Cup To prepare before the first game with the Malaysian national team by this practice Under the clear weather And no player injured In which all the players are in the perfect condition and meet the yellow tiger army Which the practice focuses on the model used to play with Malaysia Including the way to play-receiving From the ball kicking It took 1 hour to practice before the training of Chanathip Songkrasin, the Thai national captain, said, "I'm glad to come back to meet friends. Some people have never worked together. Like we came to work with the children That is a rising star I'm happy. "" (With not getting into the field with Fronon) I think we are on the big team. The competition is sometimes high. The fact that I went was the challenge that we wanted to go out. Feeling that many people are stressed for me a lot But I am not that stressed. It is what we saw another football team that he was like this. Everyone is like this The team system is like this. Learn And glad to come back to serve the nation Have played FIFA Days with friends New page. "" Of course, we must be a champion. Playing the Thai national team It is very important Because there are football fans watching We are all the best sets that the coach called. We will try to show the potential for fans to see. Because we play in the house too In front of football fans Who rarely see us playing in the house for a long time We have to take the championship. And I believe that all the children and teammates, including the elders will be able to take the championship. "" (Meeting with Malaysia) I think football has a bad time, Malaysia or other teams are a good team. I am not interested in past statistics. We focus on the present. Tomorrow is a difficult game. But we have to win. "" (With playing in Chiang Mai The first time in 9 years) I think it would be different. Because at that time we were children Today we are the national team's senses. Feeling time passing quickly, I was happy. That we have grown in another way The idea is different. "" (Suphachok's development) I always talked to you. Ask how it is. Sapporo. Friends, is it good to talk to us often? With delicious rice? We live before, we know that Sapporo is a good team. Friends are good. Fans are good and the food is delicious. He is with elder Ti. Ti also helped to tease and encourage. Meaning that football is already challenging For coming out Not daring to come out is something that we don't have challenges. Now checking that The ball is another level. You should develop to the next level. Of course, both physically and mentally. "" Of course, tomorrow would like to Saw Thai football fans cheering for the field And help each other cheer for us Has a duty on the field that must be won For football fans Please give us encouragement. "For the Thai national team, meet the Malaysian national team. At the 700th anniversary of Chiang Mai celebration on 22 September 20.30 hrs. Live broadcast on Thairath TV and AIS Play.
Beneveno, the Serie B team set up "Kannawaro" as a new manager.|Fabio Kannawaro, former Italian national team defender Sitting on the new manager of Beenvento in Sea Officially, Beneveno The Italian Sea Celebration Club announced the appointment of Fabio Navaro, a former 49 -year -old defender, officially a new trainer. After signing the contract for two years It was a return to work in the first home team of the Italian national team defender. Begin the full control of the team with Guangzhou in the WHB-Zo Super League. Then returned to China, overseeing the Tianjin team and returned to Guangzhou again before receiving the final job is to control the Chinese national team in the year 2019, after being able to work for the team for three years, finally, Kannavaro came back to control Benveno team, the first event in the Italian football league. Currently, the situation of the team is ranked 13 in Sea Li. There are 7 points.
M-150 gives a prize money of 1 million baht to Kirin after breaking the record of Thailand 10 kilometers.|Osotspa Public Company Limited, with M-150 beverage products organized a 1 million baht prize to Kirin Tantiwet, Thai national runner. At the Osotspa Office, Ramkhamhaeng on this afternoon (21 Sep) for Kirin, set a record of the country to run a 10 kilometer road in Bangsaen 10 runs after 29.47 minutes to break Natwut's original record. The soft In that used to be made in Buriram Marathon 2018, Mr. Plusam Phattharaputthit The director of the Men Marketing Marketing, Osotspa Public Company Limited is the prize money. Revealed that the M 150, we have been fighting for Thai people for a long time. In which the athletics have been a sport that has been with Thai people for a long time While inviting Thai people to turn to exercise by running Come to join the fun to break the record of Thailand together. The "M-150 Break The Resord" project will give a 1 million baht prize money to Thai runners who can break the record of Thailand to run on the 42 km marathon road, 21 kmharamon. And 10 km that is held in Thailand And must be a joint program Without limited to the number of times, but must be Thai only. Kirin is currently dominating 10 Thai statistics. I'm happy to break the record. But also felt that it was not possible to end the number 1, while the physical condition is now getting better Just healed back Come back to practice for about 2 months, which normally have to practice for about 4 months to be full before the race After this, will rest in Thailand for another 4 days before flying back to the United States. To return to practice in the category again The next target is to prepare to make the World Championship time, SEA Games and Asian Games next year.
Keep an eye on the 5 -star in the World Women's Volleyball Championship 2022.|World Championship Women's Volleyball The oldest and oldest program in the volleyball industry It is scheduled for 4 years. Any nation that can win the winner of this program. Will be called "World Champion", which may be said that Sak and Sri of the World Championship in the volleyball industry Almost equivalent to the Olympic Championship, probably not too much. The World Women's Volleyball Championship in 2022 will be held between 23 September to 15 October 2022 in the Netherlands and Poland. The 5 star players that should be watched in this competition, Paola Ako -Nu, Italian national team, if opened for the volleyball fans around the world to vote for the best female volleyball players. At present, it is believed that 1 in 3 of The said list Must have the name of "Pao Ego Nu", slapped the owner of the 194 centimeter height of the Italian national team. This Nigerian race has just led the Italian national team to win the 2022 Volleyball League with the value of the program (MVP) of the program this year, which is considered the golden year of She said Aside from winning the Nations The league with the Italian national team at the Club level, Ego also leads the Emo Volleyball Club. Volley Gonel Yano Famous team in Italy Won the European Club And the world club champion as well With this hot form And the Italian national team Was given to 1 In the favorite team to win the world championship this year, Tina Bosso Kovic - Serbia national team "left the left -handed star." Become a world -class team After launching with the national team at the age of 17 in the World Women's Volleyball Championship 2014 She came to report fully. By being an important force of the Serbian national team to win the silver coin From the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, after only 2 years, Boss Kovic announced the potential by bringing Serbia to win the first world championship in 2018 with the position of Valuable play (MVP) of the program as well Although the 2020 Olympic Games In the past, Sir Bia could only be a bronze medal. But at present, at the age of 25, Boss Kovic, who developed himself into a world -class star It is still the main force for the "Championship" national team that has the goal of protecting the world champions in their hands again. The United States national team is 1 In the favorites that will win in every program With the overwhelming player resources And excellent playing systems Regardless of whether America has changed, how many times the players are still a favorite to win the winner of the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship. The same is the same. The United States of America, who came as the "Olympic Championship" is one of the favorites that will win the world championship without doubt. But if going to pick up the name of the star of the team Each person may choose differently. Due to the playing system of the American team Will not focus on any player too much, but if we have chosen one name "Kelcy Robinson", the star slapped the name like the famous Thai department store Until the nickname from the Thai volleyball fans "Green Mall", the answer. Robinson may not be a outstanding player in the score like Ego Nu or Boss Kovic, but a player that the team can't live without. Is the balance of the team Play smartly Outstanding in all skills, both offensive and receiving Which players in this style Will always be played as the main axis of the American national team Since the legend, Logan Tom has arrived in Jordan Larson and was sent to Robinson in the present day. Li Ying -Chinese national team "Phaya Dragon", the Chinese national team in the superpowers of the female volleyball industry. The owner of the Olympic Championship for 3 periods (1984, 2004, 2016), the owner of the 2 -time world champion (1982, 1986), was in the transition era after the farewell of the legendary coach "Langping" to be a new coach. But the old face like "Chai Chin" also affected the team Especially in the World Women's Volleyball Championship The Chinese team must lack a team of superstars 1 of the team, Ju Ting, who is staying in the surgery. Causing the hope to score the main points to fall to "Li Ying Ying", the left hand pole The owner of the height 192 centimeters, who scored the highest score of the team in the Nations. The league, however, to leave hope with the rising star of just 22 years, is quite a heavy burden. Changes in coach to lack of main players Causing us to not be able to say that China is the top number Of this competition Except if China is able to find the perfect point of their own team successfully, this Chinese dragon is ready to be a dark horse In stepping in to compete for the championship, Samak Bariya Lakima Racs - Brazli Beriabari, Lagima Ras, or most volleyball fans know as "Kabi" from the rising star in the past, becoming a very experienced player. And has been trusted by Jose Roberto Kimares, the Brazilian national team manager as the captain of the team as well. May not be a player with a tall, big shape There is only 180 centimeters high, which, if compared to the players, the head of the leading team, is still considered small. But with the strength of the body, she has the power to jump very high. Until able to cover her weaknesses In the World Women's Volleyball Championship With the power of the current Brazil national team, it is quite difficult to win the championship. But Chee said that Kabi and his teammates would try to hunt for the first world champions of the team.
Closed for 20 years. "Charlie Adam" announced a 36 -year -old hung.|Charlie Adam officially announced a 36 -year -old studum hanging in the 20 -year -old football career, revealing to the coach. Charlie Adam, former Scotland and Liverpool national midfielder. Officially at the age of 36, after having been in the football industry for almost 20 years and football with many Adam clubs. Came out to post a message via social media, announced the farewell to play, stating that "Now it is the right time to announce the break up as a player. I was lucky to play for the world's largest club. Since the night of the Champions League, the Ib Rox for Rangers has promoted to the Premier League as a captain of the Blackpool team, wearing a famous Liverpool shirt and scored the front of the 8 -season. City takes my favorite club in my childhood to postpone and play 26 matches for Scotland. Which is not bad. "Adam also revealed that" It's time for him to become a coach. Which is an incredible fascinating and enjoyable thing in the past few months. "For Adam, the professional route in 2003 with Rangers before becoming famous with Blackpool until Liverpool had to buy. Joining the team in 2011 but was not successful in Anfield. Until the following year, had to move to Stoke City, then went to play for Red and Dun Dee as the last team.
Pre -preview before the Thai national team, duel boiling, Malaysia, Kings Cup, with 11 real predictions+live channels|48th King Cup football Preview on Thursday 22 September 2022 at 20.30 hrs. The Thai national team found the Malaysian national team: 700 years of celebrities, Chiang Mai, live broadcast: Thairath TV and AIS Play. The Thai nation, Mano, polls, the army manager "War Elephants", Chanathip Songkrasin returned to command the offensive game again. There is a cool person in the attacking game, both Supachai Jai, Suphachok Sarachart and Suphanat, like the eyes, as well as Thirathorn Bunma, who will play the left -back. 4-3-3 goalkeeper: Kittiphong Phuthawa, Defense: Narub Din Wirawatnamom, Phansa Hemwibun, Krisada Kaman, Thirathorn Bunmathan: Pithiwat Sukchit Tham Kul, Chanathip Songkrasin, Sumanya Puri Sai, striker: Suphanat Sangkha, Supachai Jaiyak, Supachok Sanchart, Suphanat, like Ta Malaysia. Expected to send 2 players. Who have come to play in the Thai League with Polis Tero FC, such as Dominicon and Mohama Du Sumarh. Wedwes, Dead Lambert, Darren Lock, Safavi Rajid on the goalkeeper: Kala Mullah Al -Hafisgong: Corbin Ong, Mat Davies, Dead Lambert, Dominic Tan midfielder: NAC Mi Fa Iz, Mohama Du Sumarh, Ruvanithiran Vengadesan, free Sayah Darren Lock, Safavi Rajid, the last 5 matches of the Thai national team, 14 June 2022, Quality Cup - Uzbekistan 2-0 Thai national team 11 Jun 2022 Achian Cup Qualifier - Sri Lanka 0-2 Thai national team, Jun 8, 2022, Asian Cup Qualifier - Thai national team 3-0 Maldives 31 May 2022 Warm - Thai national team - 1 -2 Bahrain, 27 May 2022, warm -up -Thai national team 1-0, Turks, Malaysia, 14 Jun 2022, Quality Cup -Malaysia 4-1 Bangladesh 11, 2022 Asian Cup Qualifying Round - Malaysia 1-2 Bahrain 8 Jun 2022 Asian Cup Qualifier - Turkmenistan 1-3 Malaysia 1 Jun 2022 Warm -Malaysia 2-0 Hong Kong May 2022 Warm - Malaysia 4-0 Brunei
You are looking like this!"Doomina" Ring Girls, Bust, Cup I leverage evidence to defeat the big news because it was made (picture).|Outstanding, eye -catching, always for the goddess Suzuki, the model of the granite, the chest cup I, the owner of the proportion 96 - 62 - 93 and the Ring Girls in the Knock Boxing battle of Japan. The story of her breast size causes suspicion for the fans. For a long time That it is natural Or is it updated by adding silicone to make it large? Have seen each other With the message that "Is this proof that my breasts are natural? For the first time I showed the bone And my fat for others to see 555 "This work must say that she can defeat all the criticism immediately. Because her enormous breasts are real And there is no silicone to make it look as big as many people have doubts for her for Model of Saitama City Graduated from Private University in Japan (Nihon University College) Music Arts Has been watched since the beginning of the new industry in 2009 with an enormous breast size Resulting in many adult magazines In addition, she won the Miss Flash 2011 contest. Before 2018, she applied to the Miss World Japan 2018, which was able to reach the final 10 rounds as well as being the most beautiful votes from online channels.
This deal is interesting!"Carragher" agreed with Liverpool, Rising Star Aston Villa|Jamie Carragher Guru of Sky Sport praised Jacob Ramsey's midfielder of Aston Villa, one of Liverpool's reinforcements during the summer trading market with "Reds". The news of the 21 -year -old midfielder of Villa, while they were looking for more central army after the main players were injured. But in the end, the person continues to trade with "Sing Phor". Ramsey shows great form in the latter, with the team always with Manchester City 2 weeks ago and just scored a goal to win the team. Southampton on Saturday night, which Carragher said about this footballer, "I like him. He is a great player. He is not like the children who play in the game of the big player. "The former Liverpool defender said via Sky Sport." When thinking about the game that meets Manchester City, it is very interesting that he has played as Part of the 3 strikers and tonight, he came to play as a midfielder. "" I talked to Gary Mc Allister before the game. I asked him what Ramsey played. He said that the child That is in the ultimate form. We are talking about honor in the national team and playing. Champions League I think he will definitely play that level in the next 2-3 years. "
I like this role!"Eric Sen" opens up to play with where to play for Manchester United.|The Danish national team Christian, the "Red Devils" of the Red Devils "Manchester United opened his heart to move to play in the Old Trafford under the leadership of Eric Ten Hakkun. Dutch this season, since the 30 -year -old football, moved from Brentford to join the team without value at the beginning of the season. Referred to the opportunity to enter the field in many positions by being arrested to play the whole striker, the receiving midfielder And the attacker midfielder, which was open to the position that was suitable for the most sporty, media in his hometown "I think that in the past it was just a system experiment. I played in many positions in a short time. "" In the first game, I was assigned to play in the striker. After that, it was the defensive midfielder. And in the latter, I was pushed up to play in the number 8 (midfielder midfielder), which I think is most suitable for me. "For Christian Eric Sek, quickly stepped up to be a football fans. With the opportunity to enter the field in all 8 matches, including all the 2 goals, which at this time was called the national team In the game to meet Croatia and France in the Nations League football match
Erase 5 teams of the rival team of the Thai female rubber teamIn the World Championship 2022|Just a few days The 19th World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland will begin by the first round of the Thai rubber slap team in the group B together with the host of Poland, Turkey, Dominikan Republic, South Korea. And Croatia, which today we are going to analyze, but the team that the Thai national team will meet in the first round, Turkey, representatives from Europe After getting "Giovan Kui Detti", holding the reins, developed in leaps. Currently, it can step up to be another leading team in the world. From the Turkish volleyball league, it is estimated to be one of the 3 best leagues in the world. Causing world -class athletes to pour in to play in the league Which is good for Turkish athletes to learn And developing skills with this level of players all the time in the first round of the World Championship, Turkey was given to be one of the favorites to win the B The outstanding player of this team will be "Serah Gane", fast ball, owner of the MVP position. Of the Turkish league, the latest year and "A Brakara Curot" B, behind the pink head The Thai Volleyball fans should remember very well from the latest meeting in the Nations League 2022, the Fire Nals, which the Kara Curte led the Turkish team to beat the Thai national team in the 8th round. The last team 3-1 set and in this world championship Thai girls must open the field to meet with Turkey. On Saturday 24 September at 18.00 hrs. One of the national hosts. Under the control of "Stefano Lavari", a skilled Italian coach That supervises the South Korean team, dreaming of a Thai girl in the Olympic Volleyball round 2020 And led the South Korean team to finish the 4th place In the Olympics last year This set of Poland will lead the army by "Yoanna Volos", a veteran set and "Maga Lea Steisia" B, behind the body. Which recovered from the knee injury and returned to serve the nation again, but in the World Championship, Poland would not have a star like Malvin Sam Sex, who still had no national team name in the year. this Poland is a team that athletes are tall and big. And is another team that Thailand is difficult to play with From the difference of shape The latest that we met was Nation League 2022, the first round that Thailand narrowly lost 2-3. Set for this program, Thailand will meet Poland in the second match on Wednesday 28 September at 01.30 hrs. (Tuesday night, 27 September at thirty minutes), Croatia because Russia was banned from the international war from the war. Invasion Ukraine The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) also disqualified the Russian Square from the World Championship. By considering Croatia to participate in this competition instead In the past, the Croat girl tires have participated in the World Championship 3 times in 1998, 2010 and 2014. The best work is ranked 6th out of 16 teams in 2018. Many volleyball fans may have never heard of the Croatian national team. But must say that the standard of the European women volleyball team is very high There are many teams that are similar. Causing some teams to not have the opportunity to show much skills in the world Which Croatia is one of them But this team is quite watched by the "Fer Hat Akbas", a famous Turkish coach to control the team. By Akbas through many experiences Used to be the assistant of the world's leading coaches, Langping, Giovanny, Kui Detti first. As for the outstanding players, there will be "Santa Fabriz", very experienced. Through the leading league like Turkey And Russia has arrived In which the Thai national team will have a program to meet with Croatia On Wednesday 28 September at 7:00 pm, South Korea, another couple of the Thai national team. One of the representatives from Asia That is in the period of blood transfusion As we know, after the latest Olympics last year, the 3 main hearts of the South Korean national team like Kim Young Kyeon, Yang Ho Jin and Kim Suu Kyi announced the stop to play the national team. When including the scandal of the two twins, Lee Dahong and Lee Jae Young. This year, South Korea still experienced the problem of injured players to the point of changing the players. Until causing the work in the Nations League to be so bad to lose 12 matches in just 3 sets, making the new coach of the team "Ceza Hernan Deskon Sakol" in The heavy pressure must be created in the World Championship. Because if South Korea lost again May cause the world rank to fall below the 24th Which will result in South Korea lose the right to select the 2024 Olympics immediately, it will be the hard work of the new team captain "Park Jung Ah" for sure. As for the latest results, Thailand beat South Korea 3-0. In the Nations League 2022, the world championship will meet on Thursday 29 September at 19.00 hrs. Dominican Republic of North America, Central and Caribbean (Norceca), Domikan Republic. Get the right to participate in the World Championship. As a champion of the Norceca Zone, Dominikan is considered a regular team of the world volleyball competition. Get the right to participate in almost all Dominican players. It is characterized by strong shape and muscles. In this world championship Watching the list of Domini's players very much. Many experienced players Returned to serve the national team again, such as "Bethi De La, Teacher S", the legendary pillar of the team and "Brenda Castinho", the best independent person in the world. Domini is another team. That creates problems for the Thai national team every time they meet by meeting the latest on the 2022 Volleyball League, 1-3 sets of Thai women. In this program, Thailand will meet Dominikan. Is the last match of the first round on October 1 at 19.00 hrs.
The total value of nearly a billion!Look at the 4 houses of "Messi".|The Sun Media of England Presenting the story of 4 houses in Lionel Messi Superstar, the Argentina national team captain. With a total value of 23 million pounds, or about 965 million baht. Currently, the 35 -year -old star is specified that housing rental in Villes de Neuilly, Paris, France, only 18,000 pounds, or about 7.5 hundred thousand baht per month. For the reason that the person did not think of the base in the capital city already Before moving to join the Paris Saint-Germain army In the past summer, Messi had a house in Barcelona and Miami. But recently, he possessed two other houses, Ibisa, Spain and Rosario in the homeland of Barcelona, ​​starting at a house in Barcelona worth 5.5 million pounds (about 230 million. Baht) located in the suburbs called Castelldefels In which this area has the most rich people in the city With beautiful sea views In the banning area Causing the plane to deviate the route Does not make noise for the residents of this house, only 12 miles from the Camp Nu Stadium, with Sri Antonella's wife and the 3 sons of Messi love this house the most. There is a comfortable living space, small football field, swimming pool, indoor gym, as well as the Miami playground. The report states that Messi spends 5 million pounds (about 210 million baht). Buy this luxury apartment in 2020, causing the news that the person will play for Inter Miami, the famous team with David Beck. The ham's chair is the chair of the Apartment Club. This is the outstanding at Sunny Isles Beach with a beautiful view of the Atlantic Ocean. And only 10 miles from the beach, consisting of 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms and 360 degree views of the horizon. Including 1,000 bottles of wine storage, 511 square meters. There are also 6 private pools and pools, spa, gym, yoga studio, a theater for children, large bars and private chefs to serve the homeowner as well. Last year, it was reported that Messi brought this apartment into the market. But has not yet been confirmed whether it has been sold or not. Ibisa's next time, Ibisa, the world famous tourist attraction in the world in Spain, which here Messi bought both hotels and in the period. Added By paying up to 9.5 million pounds (about 399 million baht) but encountering problems in the construction and documents issued by local government agencies Including the problem of creating many rooms in the garage that is believed to be dismantled because of illegal, even though there is no details about what this house is special But of course, with this enormous price, Messi must definitely be full of every square inch. Due to the favorite Argentinian star And hoping to stay in the summer next year. Rosario concluded with after Rosario The homeland city that Messi had to leave since the age of 13, to hunt a dream career with Barcelona before becoming the world's best footballer for almost 2 decades after the end of 2021. Sex threw 3 million pounds (about 126 million baht) to the mansion called "The Fortress" in the suburbs. Consisting of 3 large spaces adjacent Despite being located in the community, there is a gated fence in the safety of this house. There are large cinemas, gym with complete equipment, subway garages for 15 cars, with Argentina claiming that This house has 20-25 rooms and the play room that is located on the top floor that is widely in the area of ​​the house for all 3 sons. The report added that the father of Messi's father. Is the designer and takes care of everything in this house For his son to concentrate on playing football And prepare to use a permanent shelter after hanging the stud. The world famous magazine states that Messi has revenue in 2022 at 130 million dollars, or about 4,860 million baht, ranked 1 athlete. With the most income in the world currently
Sanook Choice: The 6 national competition set through the World Cup 2022 in Qatar|There are only a few months left in the World Cup in Qatar. Will begin The atmosphere, fun, exciting, preparing to come back again. And of course, various teams Launching a new competition set for fans Darling, wearing cheering in the football battle that the world has been waiting for. At last, Adidas has released both home and visiting shirts. For the Argentina national team, Germany, Japan, Mexico, Spain and Belgium that will be used in the World Cup at the end of this year. The national team's competition is like a canvas for filling creativity. And is also an opportunity to convey the spirit of each nation that participated in the competition. This year, all competition shirts were inspired to design from valuable culture, such as ancient civilizations and Mixtec art from Mexico. Decorated on a visiting shirt Or the art of folding paper "Origami" (Origami). Which is transmitted through the selection of colors that show national identity Combined with the cutting -edge graphic pattern, Jürgen Rank, the senior director of Adidas's design, "Every time we design a national team competition for competitions in a large tournament Like FIFA World Cup, we always remember that The design of these competition shirts will definitely be recorded in football history, so the most important thing about the design of the world -class footballer must focus on the efficiency. So they can draw the highest potential during the competition While the design must be outstanding There is a memorable identity. And is beautiful and eye -catching Can also make football fans around the world feel excited as well. "In terms of efficiency and sustainability, it is something that Adidas is very important. The design of the competition shows creativity and simplicity. With a shirt with a design (Slim Fit), all footballers are their own best all the time in the racetrack, all national team competitions are manufactured with 100% polyester recycled materials for Continuing Adidas's commitment to participate in the problem of plastic waste. The Authentic competition for the Argentina national footballer, Germany, Japan, Mexico and Spain will have good ventilation properties. And manufactured with Parley Ocean Plastic materials that come from various islands on the beach and community areas along the coast. To prevent up to 50% of the pollution in the ocean. In addition Adida also uses the most advanced innovation in each set of shirts, such as Heat.rdy technology that helps footballers feel cool and comfortable. As well as using heat to make the shirt lightweight as well For the design of each national team competition set, the following details are in the Argentina national team. Argentina national team Inspired by the pride of the nation and the pursuit of equality on this planet With the use of purple that shows sexual equality Combined with the flame pattern from the sun of May (Sun of May) that came from the national flag of the national team. The home team's competition shirt The heat is used to stamp the gold in the middle of the chest. Which has a black stripe in the middle of the shirt Which was inspired by the first national team competition that enhances the beauty of the other level The neck and side of the body are decorated with the color of the German flag. While the visiting shirts have conveyed the spirit of the team by using the color of the national flag and decorated with letters D from the word "Deutschland" shows the dynamic football style of this national team. The home match of the Japanese national team has expressed himself through the Orikmi pattern. While the visiting shirt has a design that shows the style of the player of the Japanese national team. Decorated with an Oricami graphic pattern that clearly shows the speed of the Mexico national team. Mexican national team Influenced by ancient civilization And the Mixtec art uses the spirit of the team fighters. In addition to the eye -catching patterns that are all over the shirt area There is also a picture of the Quetzalcoat snake in the neck. To show the power of humankind as well The home team's competition shirt Designed from a unique football identity The use of dark red that is outstanding over time. Decorated with color strips from the Spanish flag on the neck of the shirt and side of the body As for the visiting shirts, there are patterns inspired by the national team logo in 1982, in which Spain hosted the World Cup that year. Belgian national home team The main color is mainly used and decorated in detail. On the shirt in black and yellow To show the color of the Belgian flag The sleeves on both sides are decorated with flame patterns that convey the devil and intimidated the competitor while competing with the Belgian national team collection, the FIFA World Cup 2022. The Center for Athadidas Sport Performance Adidas Online Adidas Store application www.adidas.co.th Ari Football Super Sport And leading sports equipment nationwide The competition shirts are available in a total of 6 teams, Argentina, Germany, Japan, Mexico, Spain and Belgium. Both Replica and Authentic prices are 2,900 baht and 4,600 baht (respectively).
Raise your ears and call!"De Zorb" accepts "Pep" before deciding to take care of Brighton|Roberto De Sauce, the new big boss of Brighton and Hoff Albeian, admits that he called Pep Guardiola before deciding to move to take care of the seagulls. The 43 -year -old Italian team has signed a 4 -year contract with Brighton instead of Graham Potter, who moved to Chelsea. He has passed the work with Charadonet in Ukraine before. Which he is considered the first option for Brighton to look for a new manager as well. "Brighton Expressed clearly that they wanted me The team's play style is similar to my football concepts. We have a conversation. Before deciding to meet each other to discuss the details of the longan. Of course, I have a proposal from many teams. But in the end, I chose here. "" I left Chotar in February. It is something that is unexpected that everything will end like that. (There was a conflict between Russia-Ukraine) and of course I had to come out in the period that everything was going well. Now I'm working hard about English. And I hope that I will be able to chat with English in January. But now I will start to study all the players in the team with the most intention. "" Before receiving this job I have talked to Pep Guardiola. He is very happy that I will come to work in the Premier League. He told a good story about this league. And happy to help with everything Except for the game between Brighton and Manchester City, which will definitely never happen. "The young manager concluded in a good mood.
Stuck in the national team!"Nong Dream Areerak", a former young lady, changing sports, playing and bang (picture)|Believe that sports fans must remember "Nong Dream" Areerak Arakawarat, a 14 -year -old girl who once made the whole country turn their attention to her with a distinctive height of 198 cm and was seen as the future. In the Thai rubber industry, "Sara", Nusara Tom, the world -class set of the Thai national team Who traveled to compete Women's Volleyball Cup in Sisaket Province Went to meet the younger before taking a picture together And became more interesting to the extent that many news agencies had to travel to do the news, which at that time brought the "Dream" to check the physical condition in detail Before the results came out that she was normal, perfect, good, everything And attended Women's School With a teacher benefit radiation and Teacher Damrongrit Chantra, physical education professor Sisaket Rajabhat University Is a trainer by training correctly She has a better development, able to lead the Women's school team. Won the volleyball competition Sports, Bank, Government Savings Bank, 2018, branch 4, and playing volleyball continuously before 2020 "Dream" in the age of 20 with a height of 202 centimeters will follow their dreams. Successfully By competing in the Thailand League Volleyball for the Flex VC, but the work is not very outstanding for the first season to play. However, the path in her sports industry changes again. When deciding to play new sports like the internet before being able to pick up the national championship From the said work, she was called from Netball Association Of Thailand To have the name of the national team in the Asian Championship 2022 in Singapore
The Philippine Top!Open the warp "Christine" Angel Gamer, the owner of a dream puppet (picture)|After earlier Thai gamers are familiar with the familiar face with Anne B. Mateo, the Filipino sexy girl With more than 7.7 million followers on Facebook and Instagram. Today, we have another girl in the Philippines game industry. And is considered the forefront of the beauty of another X, Christine, Grace, a sweet face that comes with a dreamy, exciting dream Which aside from being a gamer She is also a model, host and beloved net idol. Christine was born on December 12, 1992 in Manila. Which she has Korean descent Makes it look different from general Philippines Combined with the fact that she likes to show the proportion that she confirms that "Real mother, give" calling for a lot of heart From the fans in the social world regularly Not allergic when playing the game. For those who want to follow Christine, go to follow on Facebook. Christine Co - Kim Chi, with more than 1.6 million followers and Instagram. Iamchristineco_ is almost 4.4 hundred thousand people.
Captain Arm led the army!Baby 14, a small table, wade through the Asian Championship 2022|Football Association of Thailand Announced the list of 14 Thai national futsal players Under the supervision of the Carlos Carlos Head Coach, the Spanish coach "AFC Futsal Asian Cup 2022" in Kuwait Between September 27 - October 8, 2022 has already been released. For cutting the Carlos Sea, the main body is still in the 3rd set of Contactal Futsal 2022, led by "Captain. Arm "Suphawut Barklang and Itthichapraphan, 5 goals, while" Chao James "Panurat Olarn, from the ASEAN Championship 2022 and the SEA Games 2022 gold medal, has a list back to see the pole again by list 14 Thai Futsal Thai military commander There are as follows: Goalkeeper: Kathawut Han Khampha (Bangkok BTS), Phanurat Oran (Thammasat Sathon Lien) Receiver: Itthichat Prapaphan (ASM Port Authority ), Ronnachai Luenwongsuk (Blue Wave Chon Buri), Narongsak Prang (Cold Room Tha Kham), Sarawut Phapruek (Blue Wave Chon Buri) along the line: Panas Kitti Phanuwong (Blue Wave Chon Buri), Charoondet Muen Thiang (Black Pearl United), Warut Wang Samal (Blue Wave Chon Buri), Krit Aranyalak (Blue Wave Chon Buri), along the line and target. : Thanathip Saengsang (Black Pearl United) Pour page: Jesada Chuadej (Port Authority ASM), Supawut Ruam Klang (Blue Wave Chon Buri), receiver, along the line and target : Worasak Sri Lang Phairoj (Blue Wave Chon Buri). The Thai national futsal team Will travel to Kuwait on September 23, 2022 at Suvarnabhumi Airport. Flight EK 0375 at 09.55 hrs. As for the AFC Futsal Cup 2022, the group stages of the Thai national team at Sad Al Ab Dullah Hall is live broadcast on Eleven Sports as follows: 27 September 2022, the Thai national team met Iraq at 21.00 hrs. (Thai time), 29 September 2022, the Thai national team, Kuwait national team at 23.55. (Thai time) on October 1, 2022, the Thai national team met Omanla national team 21.00 hrs. (Thai time)
Let's say as much as possible!"De Yong" answered the question of the problem of moving in the past summer.|Fengie De Young, the team midfielder, Barcelona, ​​the club of La Liga, Spanish opens the heart after becoming the news with the Big team like Manchester United and Chelsea 2, the giant of English Premier League throughout the football market. In the past, the Netherlands national team midfielder was one of Eric Ten Hak's top target in the Red Devils, with the report that Azulgrana had accepted approximately 63 million pounds. Of Manchester United is completed, but Redville cannot convince the 25 -year -old midfielder to the team, with Barca's attitude according to the predictions of the media at that time. They want to release. De Young left the team to maintain accounting balance. But until the Dutch midfielder still insists on wanting to trade in Camp Nou, the deal finally crashed. "In the end, the interest from Chelsea and Manchester United?" De Yong said to Reporters in the announcement before the UEFA Nations League game with Poland. "I have decided since May that I wanted to trade with Barcelona. I never changed my mind from the original summer." "I couldn't specify deep details, but the club had one idea. And I saw another way Sometimes the idea that it causes mutual clash But in the end, everything ended well. "
Change the punch partner now!"Super Bon", the challenger of the "Tai Fun", oranges dropped instead.|"Super Bon Sing Mawin" World Champion of one, Kicking Boxing, Featherweight There is a need to change the final punch partner, clashing "Tai Fun Os Can", which is plugged in instead of the challenger "Ching Kis Allazov", who withdraws because of the injury in the One Fight Night 2 battle that will Live broadcast of the American prime time Matching in the morning at 07:00 hrs. Of Saturday 1 Oct 65, in Thailand, originally, Super Bon, has a queue to protect the position with the Kik Boing World Grand Prix Champ "Ching Kis Allazo", but the latter was injured from the practice, so it was necessary to withdraw suddenly, orange then fell into "Tai Fun Os Can", a heavy fighter from Turkey, who was originally paired with "Marrat Grick Learn" in the same program By plugging instead as the 5th challenger of this version of the force It is a good opportunity for Super Bon to have a chance to get rid of another top of the stall. If not counting the Kiz who has to withdraw, while Marrat has a new punch, "Jamal Yusu. When the tough boxer from Turkey, the brave, Chanchai came to interrupt the army with Marrat, who used to sit in the world's number 1 kickbox in the world, with only one week before the punch. Follow the Live broadcast of One Fight Night 2, Saturday 1 Oct 65 via Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start at 07:00 hrs. Thairath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22:30 hrs. In addition, can also book tickets on the field via the field. Ticketmaster.sg
unfortunate!Thai defeats Malaysia 4-6.|On September 22, 2022 at 20:30 hrs. At the 700th Chiang Mai Sompoch Stadium, the 48th King Cup Cup Football Cup match, the Thai semifinals on the field, meeting with Malaysia. Supachai Jai is a target striker with Chanathip Songkrasin and Supachok Sanchart as the King Pangkon's support. It is Brendan and Asam Azih. Started the game for just 14 minutes. Thailand had to change the first person and Sumanya Puri to play instead of Chanathip Songkrasin, who was injured in the 18th minute. Came to win before from the long shooting of Aryfan, but the ball dropped out of the 31-minute pillar Malaysia to get a 1-0 lead before the rhythm of Safawee Rajrid. Flick in the 36th minute. Thailand was winning the first time from the rhythm of Badin Phala, set the ball to Sumanya Puriri, Volley with the right crossing to Thailand. Began to put in and 39 minutes from the back rhythm And the ball came to the end of Badin Phala, who pressed with the right to the safe of the Malaysian goal, starting to change the 3 players by sending Pathom Phon Chareon Rattana Phirom, Suphanat, like the eyes and Pithiwat Sukchitthamakul. Come to play instead of Thitiphan Puangchan, Bodin Phala and Wirap Pom Phan, 48 minutes. Supachok Sanchart has the opportunity to spin in front The ball ran across the beam. 61 minutes, Malaysia almost got a goal away from the moment Darren lock inserted in front of the door, but also stuck to the safe of Kampon Kamkulkul. 63 minutes. It looks like a single eye before shooting to save the door. Unfortunately, 71 minutes, Supachok Sarachart pierced the channel for Suphanat, like the eyes inserted to pick up the ball before shooting to the safe of Malaysia again. 77 minutes from free kick. Thirathorn Boonma Tan opens for Supachai Jai to attach to the safe of Malaysia again. The last minute from the free kick that Sumanya Puri Line opens the lent of Hemavibun to strike Thailand 1-1 and must Let's decide at the penalty and Malaysian penalty that is more accurate. 6-4, another match Trang and Tobo lost to Takikistan 1-2 programs. The next match, the Thai national team will meet Tranidad and Tobo. In the 3rd number of the King's Cup Football Cup at the 48th Certificate of Chiang Mai, 700 years on 25 September 2022 at 17:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Thairath TV and AIS Play
I'm wrong!"Mano" apologizes to the war elephants, hoping to overturn.|Mano polished apologizes to the fans after the Thai national team missed the finals of the King's Cup football and confirmed that he would do their best in the game to meet. Tranida and To Bego has always lost the Malaysian penalty at 1-1 and must meet Tranid and Tobo, who lost 1-2 Tigistan ", must apologize to all football fans. We play in the house There are 90 minutes to cheer football fans to the penalty duel. We play fully Dedicated to each other I decided to choose the player. Therefore, I would like to take responsibility for all, "said Mano." The result in 90 minutes was considered appropriate because both teams played each other half. The first half of Malaysia is better to play. But the second half we have improved the team Change the play plan Then come back well in the second half If we play well all 90 minutes or if the second half shoots quickly The result may not be like this. "" However, This game, we have seen one of the advantages. Thailand has a good future like Suphanat, like the eyes that come down in the second half and do a great job. "" We know how important Chanathip Songkrasin is a team. But we have to protect first Because it seems like there is a little injury Have to check the symptoms again But the important thing is that we want Chanathip to return to Japan with the most complete physical condition. "" (The 3rd final match with Tranidad). We will fight fully. We fight fully in every match that is already played. Although I do not like playing the 3rd final match, we have to play fully to grab the 3rd place for football fans to cheer. "" From the first game, both Tri Dan and Takikistan are both good teams. As for the Drand, there is a strong body. Create a lot of opportunities to score goals. In which the team will bring back to see and analyze the plans again to grab the 3rd place. "The next appointment program will meet with the Tranrid and Tobo national team. In the 3rd number of the King's Cup Football Cup at the 48th Certificate of Chiang Mai, 700 years on September 25, 2022 at 17:30 hrs.
France opens the Austria's nest 2-0.|The UEFA Nations League Football League Group A1 between the "Chicken" French team Open Stad Stad de France. Austria has been eliminated, but this game still needs victory to escape the plum and not to be relegated in the 3-4-1-2 MBPP, Shiroud supporting the face with Greece. Play 4-4-2. Leave the offensive line in the front line. Aruna Wich, Onisvo met 10 matches in the latter, all the French wins 7 draws, 2 losses, 1, the first half of the first half, French almost leading when Kylian Mbpe shot in. But was cut off After that, the 35th minute, France was winning two times from Ore Liang Chu Amenee and Antoine Greece, but not through the second half of the Austrian Dan 56, France, brought 1-0 from the rhythm of Kyian. The BPP took the ball to drag in before breaking up to the right to the net. After that, the 65th minute, France escaped to 2-0 when Antoine Greece opened the ball from the right side for Olivier Shiroud. Beautifully tackled in the rest of the time, both of them did not finish the game. The French national team beat the Austrian national team 2-0, collected to 5 points from 5 matches, moved away from the plum. 3 other results are as follows: League A Group 1 Croatia wins Danish 2-1 League A, Group 4, Belgium, winning Wales 2-1, Poland loses the Netherlands 0-2.
"Chanathip" updated himself from the game that the Thai national team found Malaysia.|Chanathip Songkrasin updates his own injury. Received from the game that the Thai national team met with Malaysia in the Kings Cup 2022 football battle, Chanathip just 14 minutes before being changed and the Thai national team always lost the penalty at Malaysia at the time. 1-1 and have to meet with Tranid and Tobo, which is allergic to Tajikistan. "It should hurt the original groin. Should be aware And have to check first that How much torn it may have? But should definitely tear, "Chanathip said." First of all, I apologize. Because I played and had an injury Like selfish Sorry, the teammates apologize to Coach Khun Paeng, the association and football fans the most important. Thank you to football fans. That came to see the full field I am very happy. Of course, I myself have to be by my friends. Of course, in the end, today we have done our best. Please everyone to encourage each other. "The next match, the Thai national team will meet Tranida and Tobo in the 3rd final match of the King's Cup Football Cup at the 700th Anniversary of Chiang Mai Sports Stadium on 25. September 2022 at 17.30 hrs. Live broadcast on Thairath TV and AIS Play.
Start a new race set!Belgium opens the nest of Wales 2-1.|The UEFA Nations League Football League Group 4 between Belgium opens the King Boddian Stadium and Welsh Belgium. Use a 3-4-2 plan. The veteran Alder Weirid and Fair Gold in the middle are Witsel matching Tai Loms, with Carrusco and Munier standing on the left and right line. Bruyin created the game for Batuyi to wait for the score while Wales still let Hennessee watch the pole, Rodon Bancha. The offensive line has a trick at James's speed and the large height of Moore. Star like Belle. Today is just a reserve. It turns out that the first half passed by 10 minutes. Bat Chuyi wiped away from the right to the penalty area. Kevin de Bruyne fired with the left to send the ball through Wayne Hennesi to play until the 37th minute. Recently, stabbed into the penalty area on the right. Kevin De Bruyn inserted to slap back in the middle of the door. Chi Batuyyyy, no charge, the remaining half, the red dragon hit the eggs 1-2 in a minute. At 50, Brendan Johnson lifted from the right to the far pillar. Kypher Moor pushed up to hit the ball in the 81th minute. Down and is a penalty amid the protests of the Welsh players. After that, the referee went to see VAR before returning to the decision to finish the game. Belgium won Welsh 2-1 in the second place in the group. The other three days are preparing to fight the Big Match with the Netherlands, the team, while Welsh is still sinking the plum as before at the PG E Nodovie City Stadium. Warzaw during Poland, the Netherlands, the results show that the Netherlands invaded Poland 2- 0 won 3 points to lead the crowd
This person I take care of myself!The media unfolding "Diers", planting a female model "Anna", ex -girlfriend "Alexis" (picture)|The Sun Media of the elite reports that Tottenham Hotspur's England's national defender Eric With Alexis Sanchez, former Arsenal football team of all time The 28 -year -old Spurs Diers had the opportunity to win the field to serve the lion roar to meet with the Italian national team today. The media stated that the 28 -year -old starred with the South African Super Model passed by a teammate and Modelor was a Spurs football fan, and was also on the field in the team. Love collapses Leicester City 6-2 last week with Alexis Sanchez (left) and Eric Dior (right) in the duel in the field last year. 2016 The source closely revealed to The Sun, "Eric and Anna is very happy in this relationship." "Eric Tell friends that it is a great 2-3 week. Because he returned to the England team and got to know the amazing women. "" Anna Used to be disappointed with love before She told her friends that Eric is the only one that she is seriously. "For Modelor, 24 years old, there are more than 100,000 followers on Instagram Annamodler. Year 2020, which has confirmed that she lived in Milan, Italy, when the former star shooting star moved to Inter Milan before finally breaking up. The league and helping Spurs not lose to anyone, with only one Arsenal leader. Resulting in being called back to the national team and having a chance to go to the World Cup final in Qatar As for the heart Referred to with Maria Hansen, a beautiful Portuguese blonde girl in 2014.
Rumin!"Conte", Juventus controlled if the zebra is separated by "Al Lale"|Antonio Conte, the Tottenham Hotspur Football Club of the English Premier League The news shows interest in controlling the Juventus army in the Kalo Chisia -A Italian battle. Massimi Lee Allegri amidst the crisis of the most player. At this time, Bian Konri was doing poorly in the latter, with the latest. Last week As before, Allegri's team lost 2 matches in the opening game, the UEFA Champions League group. The zebra army ranked 8th on the highest league score of Mecca by victory. Only 2 matches from the first 7 games, while Alleglass fell a target from football fans when the work of the team was not as expected. The latest report from the media in Italy stated that Conte shows interest to go back to control. The Juventus team, if they decide to remove Al Lale Referred to as it is not in a hurry to expand the pen to control the golden spur chicken that will end in the summer in any way. At present, Spurs are still 1 of the 2 Premier League teams together with Manchester City without Lost in the league until this time Ranked 3rd in the table after the Arsenal crowd only 1 point.
14 Thai national football football teamAsian Championship 2022Gathering to travel to Kuwait|On 23 September 2022 at Suvarnabhumi International Airport The Thai national futsal team gathered to travel to Kuwait to compete in the Asian Football Championship in 2022 before the Adisak Benjasiriwan travel. Vice President of the Football Association Futsal and beach football parties, along with Sutin Bua Tum, the Thai national futsal team manager, Dr. Adisorn Chaikup, Director -General of the Office of the Labor Labor, Office of the Attorney General And the staff of the staff of the players who traveled to send encouragement, with the list of 14 players, consisting of goalkeeper: Katawut Hanpapha, Panurat Orang, reconstruction: Itthichapraphaphan Happy, Narongsak Pujprang, Sarawutaphapruek Line: Panas Kitti Phanuwong, Charoondet Muen Thiang, Warut Wangamasaml, Krit Aranyasan Riverside and front of the target: Thanathip Saengsangpao: Jesada Chuadej, Supawut Ruabyan, receiving, along the line and front of the target: Worasak Sri Lang Pairoj, AFC Futsal Asian P 2022 All 3 group stages at Sad Al Abdullah Hall, live broadcast on Eleven Sports on 27 September 2022, the Thai national team met Iraq at 21.00 hrs. (Thailand time) on 29 September 2022. The Thai national team at the Kuwait national team at 23.55 hrs. (According to Thailand) on October 1, 2022, the Thai national team met Omanla national team 21.00 hrs (Thailand time).
Cut your future!"Sia Boat" Bie is so heavy that "Lertchai Lek" confesses to falling boxing (clip)|The latest drama in the Thai boxing industry Occurred in the battle of Petch Yindee Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium On Thursday, September 22, in the 5th match of the 134 -pound coordinates, the results of the punch. (Red corner) go in 2 types of skeptics in the entire field Because the punch that the first side was unlikely to be violent enough to go down to sleep that much, after the fight "Sia Boat" Nattadet Wachirat Rattanawong, the young man of the Petch Yindee Boxing Camp Went to inquire about Lertchai Lek by himself to the backstage that Falling boxing or not? But the 28 -year -old fist confirmed that it didn't fall. Shortly thereafter, Facebook, Boxing 789, published a clip of the event that has been investigated again. It turns out that Lertchai Lek agreed to open the mouth to confess that he actually fell boxing, with the details from the Pak Lertchai Lek. Was ordered by a mentor But the nanny who stood together denied until Sia Boat had to say that the two boxers traveled from Sisaket together, sitting in the same car, eating the same pot And also sleeping in the same room There is no place in the world. They do this. After the people on the Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium investigated until receiving the sufficiency, then sent Lertchai Lek and the mentor team took him to interrogate more at Nang Link Police Station.
Stop again?"Wanda" announced the separation of "Icar D" round 2, without any clarification (picture)|The Sun Media of England confirmed that Van Da Nara celebrities, Char Argentine Announced the separation with Maoro Ekardi, a young striker, a joint country. For this couple, it was a big news in October last year. At that time, it was a van to end the relationship until Ikardi had to fly from Paris to reconcile in Milan. Before succeeding and coming back sweet again, but the latest Their love is broken again. When a fan club asked Wanda on Instagram that How many years have they married? But the 35 -year -old beautiful girl responded, "We used to be together for 9 years". After that, Vanda, who is now in the land, was born with a mission to be a WHO IS THE MASK program? Post a long message, "For me Living now It is very painful. But you should know this from me more than listening to other places and the rumors from the media. "" I have nothing to explain. And I will not give any details For this separation. "" Please. I ask you guys to understand that Not for me only, but there are still our children. "Due to the fact that Wanda is in Europe and Argentina, Ikardi himself wants to spend time adjusting with Galatasaray in the Turkish league, making both The couple rarely spend time together. And it may be the main cause of this separation. For Vanda, there are currently 5 children, with the 3 Maksi Lopez husband and with 2 other Ikardi, who loves their past three in their past. Considered as one of the dramas of the football world as well.
Smash the good league statistics!The yellow tiger guru embroidered the price tag "Bllingham", brutal face.|Borussia Dortmund set the price of Jud Bllingham's migration after the 19 -year -old football received the attention of many Big teams throughout Europe, especially with Liverpool and Manchester. The United, including Chelsea in the Premier League football. British, the current contract of Bllingham and the Yellow Tiger army will end in 2025, with the agency estimates that they will be able to release this football price in the 2023 summer. The year after the England midfielder, this team moved from Birmingham before becoming the main team since the 2020 summer under the value of approximately 25 million pounds by making 13 goals and 18 assists from the field. 100 matches, including all the shows until now. "Everyone who saw Jud Belingham played feels the same that he would move out of Borussia Dortmund. Ja Harris, the reporter, Di Athletic reports, "Not that we insult them. But it felt that this player was able to do well, regardless of whether to play for any club in this world. "" Like in the past summer, Dortmund didn't want to release Erling. Haland and Bllingham leave the team. "" But in the face He will only have a contract with the team for only 2 years and it seems that there is a clash between the enormous value of the signature in order to get the signature of this football. Bllingham will be 20 years old in the face and it is very crazy. We are talking about the possibility that he will have a 130 million pound tap, which is the most expensive British football statistics. "" Real Madrid, Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are shown. Interest in this football More interesting is that Bllingham used 2-3 days in the Reds Academy's academy. When he was about 10 years old and the team wanted him to join the army. "" But his family doesn't like the idea. In moving to Liverpool But with what will happen in this summer is really interesting. "
Compare the form will be!"Emerald Petch VS Tawan Chang" before Charn 29 Sep.|Close to every moment with the Blood Muay Thai Blood, the wig between "Petch Petch, Yindee Academy" and "Tawan Chang PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym" with the World Muay Thai Muay Thai Championship (155 Por.) It is a bet before both of them as the major of One 161: Emerald Petch, the sun showed live on Thursday 29 September. We will take a look at the comparison of statistics. The difference between both of them is more advantageous or disadvantaged. The world champion "Petchram" this year is 28 years old, while the "Tawan Challenge" is just 23 years old. Emerald diamonds are not easy to grind. Because he is famous for the endurance and strength that makes the competitors uncomfortable to the "Petch Messenger" experience, which is considered to have more than 200 fighting experiences, both domestically and internationally through the arena. One has arrived at 11 fighters, while "Tawan Chao" has passed the fight for 160 fights and just punching in One only 4 fights, just moving the weight to punch in the featherweight version fully. Only one fight, the game closing rate in Both of them have passed the battle of Roi Et, seven water districts by "Petch Morakot", accumulating the statistics, winning 165 fights along the career path, while "Tawan Chao" carrying a total of 127 winning statistics to the arena. Victory 8 times, which is the closing of the game without full lifting 4 times. The game is 50 percent. The "Tawan" has victory 3 times by knockouts of all opponents. Equal to the game closing rate, not fully lifted, 100 percent of the fans can follow the conclusion of the Blood Muay Thai Blood, the World Stop in the World, One 161: Emerald Petch VS, the sun shines on Thursday 29 Sep 65. Via Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start the first pair at 17:00 hrs. And via Thai Rath TV Channel 32 at 21:30 hrs.
The world's beloved!Foreign comments"Thai women volleyball" before the World Championship|Prelude before the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland, hosting the competition between September 23 - October 15, 2022, which the Thai team was lottery in the group with Poland, Turkey, Domikan Republic, South Korea. And Croatia for the top Thai tires in the world. There is a queue on the head of the Turkish national team, the 6th team in the world, which has just been duels freshly in mid -July. In the Nations League Volleyball League 2022, the final 8 teams before the Thai women have lost with 1-3 sets of prestige. The types have received praise from volleyball fans around the world as well. Today, we have some comments from the volleyball fans. Foreigners who came to comment under the highlight of the Thai girl slap team on the famous page Volleyball World with the caption in Thai as "Good luck in Thailand! The Thai team is in Group B, together with Poland, Turkey, Croatia, Dominican and South Korea. "Let's see how much the rubber ball fans from around the world. This- Karlo Marko Mana Hhan UY, the Thai team entertains me the most when watching. The face always has a smile. Many people at the superstar They play very well- Sunarto Sunar my favorite team. Thailand can win.- Moto Kamote. Fortunately, the Thai team, especially Pim Pichaya Gulf- Jem Justiniano, Turkey is the most scary team. If Thailand can pass The rest of the group is not a difficult job. Fighting the Thai team- YU MEMON. Wow, this group is cruel. But I am sure that Thai girls can fight comfortably- Bry Yan, the latest Thai team, this height is very good- Amara Amie, I love you. They are good and talented. Cheer for sure.- Asif iQBAL. The Thai team is a good team.- Iva Dialova Li cheers you. From Indonesia- ABDULLAH TUCOD. This group of Turkey is comfortable.- Aiko setiawan organized to go to the Thai team. Queen of ASEAN Women's Volleyball- Licdo Angel Tobias Belen, Domini Republic, ready to fight- Jef Mnes cheering all the time, Thai athletes. From the Philippines- Alvin Baylaran. The opportunity is here.- Ronaldo Giovanni I love Thailand from Brazil- Junichi Kira Yamato. Good luck. Hope to throttle the best form.- Joy Embazole. Their skills are unbelievable.- Paul Yuta. But cheering for Thai girls already- Joel Avilés. Fortunately, the Thai team I am sure you will definitely make the cheers proud. The lovely team in the world loves from Mexico- Lander Santana Gomez. I am Dominican. But love the Thai team. Competition program of Thai women volleyball team In the World Championship 2022, the first match will meet the Turkish national team on 24 September 65 at 18:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Relegated!England invaded Italy 0-1, UEFA Nations League 2022|The UEFA Nations League Group 3, the 5th match, the Italian national team, opened the Sanziro field to visit. The British national team uses the 3-5-2 plans. Georginho controls the central rhythm of Joko Masaka and Jakomo Rasphew, the visiting team in the 4-3-3 mold. Him Sterling, Philphone and Harry Ken led the army in the offensive line. Azzurri army was slashed into 1-0 in a distance. The goal from Jakoma Rasi Rye in the 68th minute, from this victory, I have a chance to win a group champion in the final match. But must beat only Hungary for one place. England guarantees the group's plum position by having only 2 points from 5 matches, must drop to play in the league for 2 years next year.
"Fly" lost the first game!Germany accelerated not to lose Hungary 0-1. UEFA Nations League 2022|The UEFA Nations League Football Group 3, 5 matches at Red Bull Aria, Germany national team Open house, receive the visit of The Hungary national team, this game, Han Se Flic, no Manuel, Doi Err, watching the pole because he attached to Kwid, causing Mark-Andrea Steage to be responsible for. The offensive line was led by Zorge Knaburi, Thomas Muller, Le Roy Sane and Timo Verner. Visitors gave the new child Milos Kerkz to start the wingback position. The middle of the central land sent Adam Nagi to control the rhythm together with Andrase, and then put Dominic Dodslin and Adam Salala net. Although the iron eagle army will be the game of the game better. But in the end, it was a military commander, Magya, who used the sharpness to overcome 1-0 from Adam Salai's goal from the minute. 17 made this game as a defeat since the Fiel to control the team and also gave Germany out of the opportunity to finish the position of the group of the group. Passing through to play the final round immediately
Think carefully!"Ericsson" trap "Southgate" should not be clamped "2 Red Devils" through Qatar|Swen-Goran Ericsson premieved the reason that Gareth Southgate should drop 2 players from Manchester United from the England team. The Qatar World Cup 2022 at the end of this year, the Swedish coach used to oversee the lion roar between 2001-2006 through the 2002 and 2006 World Cup, which is currently unemployed. After separating from the Filipino national team in 2019, the latest person believes that Southgate will clamp the players such as Harry Maggiri and Luke Chaw to join the football in Qatar with Mac. Kisaire Lost the position in the Manchester United team for Lisan Do Martinez, while Shaw was occupied by Tyrel Maladelas. Grabbed the reinforcement when the Summer football market in the past But most recently, both McGuis and Shw still have the names in the England team, the UEFA Nations League with Italy and Germany on 24 and 27 September. "I think it is difficult for South. The Gate will choose to take the McGuis or Shaw as if they didn't play continuously. It's hard to let both played in the name of the national team. "" The first condition is Both have to practice with teammates. Another condition is They do not get the opportunity to continue on the field, "Ericsson said to the interview with Boyd Stepot, which also commented on the right -back resources of England," It is excellent. Very much that they have many right -backs to choose from. You can almost close your eyes and choose to choose anyone. "" I remember that when I oversee the team, I used to have Garyneville on the other side as Ashley Cole. If both of them can't enter the field, we will Encounter the problem immediately But now the team has no problem, even if there is 1-2 right-back rights. If it were, I would send a Trett Alexander-Arnold or one of the Walker. "" Very remarkable in the attacking game He opened the ball excellent. There are very much right foot. But in the defensive game, he is not the strongest player in the world because he plays for Liverpool, the team that progresses continuously attacking the game. Maybe with the national team They don't want this attacking game so much. "
Thai vs Turkey: 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball, Statistics, Live broadcast|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host of the competition between September 23 - October 15, 2022. For the 14th Thai tires in the world, there is a queue to open the field with the Turkish team. 6 of the world, which has just duned, freshly in mid -July In the Nations League Volleyball League 2022, the final 8 teams before the Thai women have lost to the Dignity 1-3 sets, received praise from volleyball fans around the world as well. This game is a difficult job since the beginning of the tournament. Of the Thai girl slap team We try to look back at the work of the last 5 matches. The work of Thai women and Turkey met. What are the results? Before fighting again this evening at 18:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23 Head Two Head 5 times. The last 5 times: Thailand won 0, Turkey won 514/07/22. 1-3 set (Nation League) 06/06/21 Thai loses Turkey 1-3 set (Nation League) 06/06/19 Thai loses Turkey 0-3 sets (Nation League) 17/05/ 19 Turkey won Thai 3-1 set (Mat Derace Master) 11/10/18 Turkey won 3-1 set (World Championship) for the 2022 World Championship Volleyball Championship. There were a total of 24 teams divided into 4 groups. 6 teams per group by the Thai national women's volleyball team in the Group B, together with Poland, Turkey, Dominican Republic, South Korea and Croatia. The team with the number 1-4 in each group will continue to enter the final 16 teams.
Just waking up?S. British football charged with the previous "Ronaldo", brushing a child's mobile phone (clip)|Due to the incident in the game Manchester United to defeat Everton 0-1 while the team went back to the dressing room after the game. On Saturday, April 9, 2022, the shot shows that Cristiano Ronaldo brushed the mobile phone's mobile phone to the ground. Which the mother of the said child was very dissatisfied Until becoming a big news at one time British Football Association Has charged Ronaldo back, stating that he was charged with violating the FA rules from the events that occurred after the Premier League match in Manchester United, Everton found on Saturday 9 April. 2022, which is inappropriate or violent behavior, which now the Red Devils club has already informed the allegations. And will continue to communicate with players and associations
Tears flooded the court!"Federer" after the final match, enable the great career (picture)|Already ended the great tennis path for Roger Federer, who played the final match of the Lever Cup 2023 in Otu Arena, London, England in the morning. "Fed X "abandoned the racetrack since the Wimbledon In July 2021 because of knee injury problems In which his physical condition is still not a hundred He then decided to compete in the Cup, just one match in the male category. Federer paired with Rafael Nadal as a European team to duel with two American partners like Jacks. Francisis Fo from the World Celebrities, it appears that they can fight closely before. Finally, Sok and Tiho will use the freshness to beat with 2-1 score 4-6, 7-6. (7-2) and 11-9 make Federer to enable his tennis career. But still received an applause from the tennis fans Causing him to hold back the tears of impulsive As well as opening up after the match, "It is a perfect journey. I want to do it again. "" It's a very special day. I told everyone on the team that I am happy. I am not sorry. I was fun to tie the racing shoe again. And do everything for the last time. "" I don't want to feel lonely. When standing in the field I feel that I am a player who played for the team. "" I feel that today is like a celebration. This is what I want at the end. It was really hoped. "For Federer, it was regarded as Is one of the greatest tennis players forever He won over 369 competitors since the Turn Pro, in 1998, won 103 ATP champions and won the most 20 Grand Slam Championship and had previously made a record of the world's 1st hand. The longest From August 2004 until August 2008, including 237 weeks of contact
Still have time!"Gallager" is not discouraged.|Chelsea's rising Callalaberg, still aiming to accelerate the form of England to play the 2022 World Cup at the end of this year in Qatar, 22 -year -old back to Chelsea. Full model for the first time After being the youth of the club and moved to play in many teams Before having an interesting form in the last season with Crystal Palace and gives him the opportunity this season with the blue lion But the person still did not enter the work And only attached to the England team under 21 years in the latest national team. "Of course You can say that it is very difficult to be part of the team at the end of this year. But I still don't give up. "" Gareth (Southgate) talked to me and said that I need anything. Show you as much as possible for the opportunity to be part of the team. "" It is something that I definitely expect in football. It has its standards for choosing the team. You have to play well. Keep it continuously I am happy to do it. I have to work very hard in order to build confidence for the England manager to win that opportunity. "" It is always an honor to play with the England team. Whether the big team or a team under 21 years of age "
Play as planned but not win!"Southgate" receives the criticism after controlling the lion without victory 5 games in a row.|Gareth Southgate, the England manager, said that the work of the team has arrived in the right direction. Although it ends with the defeat to Italy 0-1, along with relegation to play in the UEFA Nations League B. Certainly, Joko Rasi scored the goal in this game in the middle of the second half is the transmission goal. England has not won anyone in 5 consecutive games, which has been the first time since 2014. "It's difficult for me to criticize about efficiency. The team can dominate the ball more than shooting more than the crispy. Most of the games we play very well. But the result of the competition It is what everyone attaches the most importance, but for me, this game has many positive things for the team. "" Many players have a good personal work. I think that the performance is in the right way. Of course, the results are not only desired. I accept the criticism after 1 year ago, we did a great job. All players in the dressing room know that this game they play well and should win. " England still has a problem with the score. They have not scored 3 consecutive goals, and that is a Southgate must be resolved in Germany. Which is the last game before entering the World Cup 2022
Sexy, cute, not faint!"Nong Fern" Net Idol, Lightning Castle, show off the hot body at the South Sea (Picture)|It is still a trend in the online world for "Nong Bai Fern". The most beautiful female football fans are talked about. And is a beloved cameraman Including the general football fans when seeing her at the competition field for Nong Fern, or the real name, Ms. Natthasapanit Dharma likes the football game for life. It became famous for her to watch the Asian U23 football match in Thailand. At the beginning of the year 2020, until her images were shared all over the social world. 21 -year -old beautiful girl is considered a true fan of the team. "Lightning Castle" Buriram United, which she will travel to the Buriram Stadium on a regular basis. As for the away game, if there is a chance, she won't miss it either. Despite having a form of filming every day As for the foreign team You are the followers of the "Red Devils" Manchester United. Most recently, Fern has made some FC heart again. When showing off the beautiful body in a cute bikini While traveling to the sea of ​​Phuket and Krabi Revealing the beauty of sweetness but hiding the sourness with minimal tattoos Show white skin, sparkling aura in the middle of the clear sea. Can call the heart more than 40,000 times from the fan club. For anyone who wants to follow the work of Nong Fern, both the shooting and football cheering, can go to follow in Instagram Baiifernntc.
Ching 3 is important!"Mano" confirms the war elephants only "Chanathip" and asking for another football fans.|On September 24, 2022 at 13:00 hrs. At the 700 -year -old Chiang Mai Sompoch Stadium, the 48th King Cup football match, held a press conference before the 3rd final match between the Thai national team and The national team of Trang and To Bego, this press conference, led by Mano Polling, the head coach of the Thai national team, along with Thirathorn Bunmathan, Deputy Captain of the Team ", the injury of Chanathip Songkrasin from Detailed as a muscle injury, must rest for 3-4 weeks, and now has returned to Japan to prepare for treatment. "Mano said." As for social media Actually not much Just want to explain the cause of the competition what happened. They understand that football fans are disappointed. Because he and the players are also disappointed. "" All football fans have the right to criticize the team when losing. But I just want to explain the decisions that occur in the game If football fans criticize the game I don't have any problems. But if if you cross the line To say something that is not true Such as the issue of camping, players without discipline, doing wrong things This one doesn't seem very correct. And would like to come out to protect the team. "" We have prepared our plans But the competitors also have their plans as well When it does not follow the plan We have to fix it on the field. Which this happens in football But the game with Tranidad Is ready to come back to do the work again. "" (The game with Tranidad). Therefore may cause changes to players or test the team Therefore, must prepare a plan to handle many ways. Big player And play in a good club World rankings higher than Thailand It is a good test. "" We want to do well in return for football fans who have always encouraged us. They deserve good competition results. And I believe that the Thai national team is quality enough to overcome. "" This match is a good opportunity for Thailand to test the young players and new pages called many teams as well. To prove yourself at the national team level Confident that all the players who are sent to the field will continue to do the same work as before. "Theerathorn Bunmathan, Deputy Captain of the team, said," Must leave the fans to help each other to cheer. Although it is a 3rd competition, it is an important program for the Thai national team. Of course, we were disappointed that we didn't compete in the final, but the 3rd place is still important. Would like to help come to encourage the players. "" After the real captain is not Jay and I and I and Chakka Kaewprom and Tak (Sumanya Puri), Senier Tried to talk to the team Give up We know that the first match is a game that can't be missed. But when you miss it, it must be said that the next appointment Everyone has to focus on the 3rd competition. Everyone knows what is missing. Where to add Believe that the rest of the time will be determined More intense. "For the Thai national team, will meet with the Tranrid and Tobo national team. In the 3rd number of the King's Cup Football Cup at the 48th Certificate of Chiang Mai, 700 years on September 25, 2022 at 17:30 hrs.
"Real Madrid & Burgos": 2 teams that set a beautiful statistics in the Spanish league|Spanish football match Both the highest league And the league Division 2 in the 2022/23 season has passed. There are 6 matches, there are 2 teams that create a standards that stand out more than other clubs in Europe, Real Madrid and Burgos "White King". 100 percent victory every match. Retr Madrid is the only club that wins in every match. Both in the highest league and the European cups began with the UEFA Super Cup that beat the Europa Europa League 2-0 championship. 5 parts in La Liga Start the season with all 6 victories, namely Almeria (2-1), Celta Big (4-1), Espanyol (3-1), Real Betis (2-1), Real Mayorka (4-1) and Atletico Madrid (2-1) are not enough. "White King" also starts the UEFA Champions League group with 6 full sheets by winning the Glasgow Celtic 3-0 and winning 2-0 Air Bei Zig. Of Carlo Ancelotti, keeping 100 percent victory, but in La Liga, still losing a goal every match, 1 goal. However, they have already shown that The attacking game is still sharp all the time. "Blown Group", the only team in a professional league at Clean Sheet every match. Is the only club in the league, both Division 1 and Division 2 of the 5 big leagues of Europe (Spain, England, Germany, Italy and France) that have not lost the goal since the opening of the season has 6 matches, the first 6 matches of Burgos beat Malaga and Carthaya, 1-0 per match. The other 4 matches have ended with a 0-0 full results. , Real Obiado and Legaine after the defense of the defensive game that made "Blanket Griganos" ranked 6th in the table at this time, Jose Antonio Garo, the goalkeeper. Along with the centerback partner, both Itor Gordoba and Grago Certra in the next match to meet Lebante, the team of Kun Julian Gyo, has a chance to make a record without losing. The 7th consecutive gate is equal to Racing Santande, which was done during the secondary league on the 1972/73 season.
Elephants rehearsed the final meal before meeting Triinad, "Suphanat" aiming to eliminate the goal of this game.|Saturday, September 24, 2022 at 17:00 hrs. At the Alpine Football Stadium, Golf Club, Chiang Mai, the 48th King's Cup battle team for the last practice before entering the final game. Ranked 3rd with Tranid and To Bago, with this practice focuses on tactic reviews. And various plans Before meeting Tranida before practicing Supanat, like a young striker, said, "We all want to overcome the game with Tranidad. Tomorrow already As for me, if I get the opportunity to enter the field, I will do my best in every game that I play. " But I believe that all the elders in that team already have good potential And think that it will be a fun game Because all players can replace each other. "" About confidence after missing the opportunity to score that goal Didn't think much To the point of going out like that, it must be scored. But when it can't come out Football has a good and bad day. Therefore have to overcome it And of course, if this match has a chance, would like to score a goal Want football fans to cheer a lot We will try to do our best. "For the Thai national team, will meet with Dranda and Tobo. In the 3rd number of the King's Cup Football Cup at the 48th Certificate of Chiang Mai, 700 years on September 25, 2022 at 17:30 hrs.
Old?!"Buffon" revealed the reason that he had not stopped playing even though the age of 45 years|Pisa Buffon, the legendary Italian national team goalkeeper, stated that the reason for still playing his own professional football Although it is up to 44 years old, "Chiji" has become one of the legends of the national team, including Juventus, which he plays with the team for 25 years throughout the 2 periods before going out to find new experiences with Paris Saint-Germain, most recently, he continued to play professional football with Par, the first club in his life, which was at the Serie B level at this time and still not thinking of giving up this time. Both in January He will be 45 years old. "I can continue playing for many reasons. Because I still feel strong And still feel full of wanting to play I still feel myself in my own good. Although with age, I can stop playing whenever I want, so I am the person who controls my whole situation, but for me, every choice will always come with the reason to support. "" Back to play with Par because I am happy to see football fans proud to see me wearing Jullo's shirt again. Of course, in my life through a lot. Won a lot of champions But missed many times at the same time I am always happy to win the championship. But personally, I think I am successful with what football fans give to me. I have nothing to prove. No need to win the UEFA Champions League 8 times to say how good I am. I know where my value is. "" I often use criticism as oil to drive. Especially when you get older when teenagers, most of us will be painful and bitter about things like this. But now? I really want it And will also write down that anyone who wrote those criticism to me. "
Explosive form!Thai women volleyball overtaking Turkey 3-2 opens the world championship.|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host between 23 September - 15 October 2022, the 14th Thai volleyball team in the world, which is organized in Group B. Get off the first match against the Turkish national team in the world's 6th in the world, with the last 5 matches that the Thai girl loses the loser today. "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwatcharamethakul sent the first 6 players, consisting of Pornphan. Create the team, Chatcha Churamoksri, Thaddao Kidmai, Handbathsuk, Pimphichaya, Grims and Atcharaporn Kongyot, the first set, both teams began to be close until the middle of the set. But became a Turk girl who is more certain in slap Scoring the points before keeping the distance to beat before 25-17 points. The two Thai girls are bustling from the beginning. Score away from 16-12, but the Turkish team throttled the form until they had to be long. Finally, a Thai young woman wearing a lion's heart. Close the set with a score of 31-29, rival 1-1, thrilling, three sets The Turkish team came out to play fiercely. Relying on the height that has the advantage of the blog and slapped the score precisely Before winning 25-22 points, leading Thailand 2-1 set. Set, four army, Thai girl slap, ironed out the right place and the game is well controlled. Although Turkey's girl tried to respond to pressure, but could not catch up. As a result, Thai women beat 25-19 points. The 2-2 set of five sets decided. Both teams can still fight. Take turns to score the hearts continuously. But finally, a Thai girl who won 15-13 points to win 3-2 sets with a score of 17-25, 31-29, 22-25, 25-19 and 15-13. Impressive for the next appointment program Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet Poland national team on Wednesday 28 Sep 65 at 01:30 hrs. (Tuesday night) live on Workpoint 23.
Wrinkle!Portugal attacked the Czech Republic 4-0, overtaking the leader of the Nation League group.|The UEFA Nation League Group 2 between the Czech Republic Open the house to meet Portugal at Forta Arena, Prague, on Saturday night, September 24, the game has started for 5 minutes. It is a better host side. Get the ball in the penalty area before pressing with the left. The ball ran across the beam a little. The 33rd minute, the visiting team started the game, Bruno Fernandes got the ball on the right before opening the ferry to Rafaelle to open one rhythm. Running to shoot Tung Tung, Portuguese, brought 1-0 minutes 45+2, Portugal, 2-0 away. Mario Rui brought the ball up to the left before opening to the front of the door for Bruno Fernande. Thomas Wa Click tucked the bottom of the net 45+6, the home team came from the rhythm of Cristiano Ronaldo, made a handmark, the referee check VAR and confirmed the original word. However, Parick Chic Firing over the crossbar. The first half, Portugal also brought 2-0 in the second half. The 52th minute, the visiting team started beautifully, Bruno Fernandest flows for Diego Da Lot to spin with the left from 30 yards. Curved in the Portuguese dropping sample, 3-0 away. 82 "Foi Thong army" came to have a corner kick on the right side. Ricardo Horta opened the first pole. Go to the head of Diego Chota, screaming, Tung Tung, Portuguese, throwing into 4-0, ending the Portuguese game, attacking the Czech Republic 4-0, collecting three important points. Seize the crowd by having 10 points to overtake Spanish with 8 points. The final game must meet to compete for the players of both teams (3-4-3): Thomas Wa Click - David Sima, Yu Kub Brake, Wachalavye Mell -Vala Dimir Sufal, Thomas Such, Alexkrala, Ya Rose Lav Here - Antonin Barack, Patric Chic, Adam Hok Portuguese (4-3-3): Diego Costa -Diego Delot, Ju Ben Dias, Danilo Perera (Chu took Mario N. 83), Mario Rui -Ju Ben Nevest, William Carwanho (Chu Palinya N. 77), Bruno Fern Nades (Mathasuus Nuen, 77) - Bernardo Silva (Ricardo Horta N. 67), Cristiano Ronaldo, Ra Faelle (Diego Chota, N. 67). Referee: Sir Dan Yo Nawit (Serbia)
Highlights "Thai girl volleyball" meet Turkey, the World Rubber Championship 2022|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands between the "Thai national team slap" entered the first game with the Turkish national team on Saturday 24 September 2022, before the Thai national team competition named class and later statistics. Considered to be the 6th team in the world, but it combines the power to the utmost until turning the situation from the afternoon. "Thai female rubber ball" can win the first match in the competition. And increase the opportunity to pass through the second round We try to look at the competition highlights in this game.
Comments around the world!"Thai female rubber ball" overturned Turkey Volleyball World Championship 2022|2022 World Women's Volleyball Tournament in the Netherlands Opened by the "Thai national team slap" on the first game, met with the Turkish national team on Saturday 24 September 2022, which the game must say that the rubber balls all over the Lo together 5 sets before In the end, it will be "Thai girl" who turned the situation from the back to be able to overcome 3-2 sets. We try to see if the rubber balls around the world How do you comment on this matter? 1 We know that this match is a difficult game. But both teams fought with heart Glad to see the smiles of Thai girls throughout the game. I appreciate both of the comments. 2 Congratulations to Thai girls Even though I am a Turkish person And your team will be able to overcome us But we are not angry with you. I really love you. Thai girls comment 3rd. This is really a public favorite team. Have to applaud them to the "Thai girls". You guys are awesome. From us, the Philippines, comments that 4 It's a game that is full of victory. Thank you to all Thai girls who show their fighters. They enjoy the game. Play with happiness, whether winning or losing They have a great effort. And fascinated in this beautiful sport, comments that 5 I went to see the field to cheer my hometown. It is an exciting game. Although we lost but not regret Having said that, the Thai team developed a lot. They don't pressure And can play calmly They deserve victory in this game. Congratulations and love very much from the Turkish people who secretly cheer for the Thai team. Another story I saw Thai people shouting Thailand Susu! Or something like that What does it mean? Comments that 6 Must be pleased with the Thai national team. They play very bravely. Comments that 7 Congratulations to Thailand !!! They play very well. I hope they continue to maintain this form. From Brazil fans! Comments 8, the Thai team is a team that cannot be careless, even if they bring them. They played with discipline. And never give up. The 9th comment. Thai girls always like to make us excited. They are fully dedicated throughout the game. Play with brain Congratulations to Thailand. 10 before the game thinks that the Thai team would not be able to overcome But this game is beyond expectations Everyone can play well, enjoy the game with patience. Excellent, Thailand comments that 11 I love the attitude of the Thai team. They are always optimistic, smiling, they do not give up. It was the first game that was difficult to meet with Turkey, but in the end, they came back to overtake the 12th comment. I watched throughout the game. And can only say "Thai girls are a wonderful team." I fell in love with you very much. With their playing style From Serbian fans, the 13th comment, very crazy. Thai girls can do it. It is a great competition. I love your spirit. Love the way you are Thank you to the Thai team with love from Vietnam. The pride of the ASEAN Comments 14 Oh God! I can love the Thai team that no team can play more fun than them. They are very amazing. Comments 15, even if I am Turkey. But I always appreciate the ability of Thai players. They are cheerful Smile, share good energy with us. I hope that the Turkish team Will learn from mistakes in this game Good luck, my favorite team, 2nd in my heart. "Thailand" comment 16 Wow! You all surprise the world again. The Thai team is doing well as usual. The 17th comment is very wonderful! It is a future to follow for the new players of the Thai comments in the 18th in the world. The top 14 in the world is a proof that the ranking is not important when you are on the field. Congratulations to Thailand. 19 Congratulations to the Thai national team, it is a great game. Although they are small, they can overcome the big man. Chase after success with the remaining games of the 20th comment. It is a great game. I like to watch "Thai girls" compete in every game. They will play with happiness. Dedicated in every rhythm Whether losing or winning But makes us happy
Aim this person!Manchester United Son, Mr. Dan Mai made the future. "De Gea" is uncertain.|The Telegraph, the famous British media reported that the future of David De Gea, the first Manchester United's goalkeeper of the Premier League, is in uncertainty. While the contract is about to expire after the end of this season, the current contract of the 31 -year -old outposts is only less than 1 year, with the conditions of automatic time extension for another 12 months. However, it is likely that the club may not Renew the contract as stated. The report claims that Manchester United has not decided whether to use the conditions to extend the contract with De Gea or not, because they are looking for a new representative by aiming at Jordan Picf. The first hand of the Spanish national team Everton, moved from Atletico Madrid in 2011 in the era of Sir Alex Ferguson and seized the real position. And help the team win the Premier League in the 2012-2013 season, which is the last time before the full 9 years disappear.
People change the game!"Turkish captain" accepted the defeat, indicating one of the most important Thai players.|It is considered a competition that surprises the rubber fans around the world. "The Thai national team slap" is the 3-2 defeat to the Turkish national team in the 2022 World Championship Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands. On Saturday 24 September 2022, before the competition, many believe that "Thai women" with the world ranking Including the statistics of the last 5 times, the most loser Will not be able to resist the Turkish attacking game as usual. However, the competition game is fierce. "The Thai team" fights with all his heart to play with every rhythm before turning the situation from the one that is always on the back. Come back and overcome it in 3-2 sets until it is regarded as a 5-star competition game, which after the game Eda Dem, the captain of the Turkish tire team. Came out to open his heart to the defeat that "Today, we are not able to maintain an advantage from the serving game. We have a problem with the blog. "" This game, we play with dedication throughout the competition. But the Thai team played with patience They enjoy playing. And do it much better than us However, the tournament has just started. Hopefully we will improve in the next game. "At the same time, the 35 -year -old captain came out to praise one of the Thai athletes who did a great job in this game. And is considered an important keyman that has a great effect on the game "Their set (Pornphan Kerdpra) did a very impressive work. She can create a variety of attacks. Which creates a lot of problems for our team. "For the Thai national team, there is a program to enter the game. The second game meets Poland on Wednesday 28 September 2022 (Tuesday night, September 27). Fans can watch live broadcast. By Workpoint Channel 23
Close the command for two!"Floyd" above the knock -up punch "Asakura" Super Rizin|Special Boxing Competition, Super Rizin, the major of "The Money", Floyd Mayweather Junior, a former US fist, met with the Japanese MMA fighter MMA in Sai Ta. Super Arena, Japan On Sunday, September 25, 2022, with this pair using international boxing rules The schedule of all 3 fights (3 minutes each). If all 3 stands, there will be no decision-losing results. Therefore, this fight will not be rated. And not counting the statistics of the fist. Both of them opened the first round. Floyd came out to set up a special card. Trying to walk and release the left punch, compressed the end of the body. Then release the right, compressed the body, the garden, raised two Floyd, changing plans to walk more Can be released right in front of the pair of punch many times. At the end, Mikuru Azakura opened the action scene by throwing the left into the tip of the chin. Unbeaten fist However, at the end of this round of this round, Floyd Mayweather Junior released the right garden into the face of Mikuruazakura so much that the person collapsed to the committee to count up to 10, still not ready to fight. Causing the fighting game to end only the second lifting, causing Floyd Mayweather Junior, former 5 world champions, 45 -year -old fist, the statistics winning 50 flights, still never winning anyone Which page on the arena, fist, whether the official fight Or a special fighting fight
"Sia Guest" takes the children of "Tawan Chang-Saengmanee" to enhance prestige before going through the battle one.|"Sia Kaek" Somchai Rungrueang, Head of PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym Volunteer to take the children of "Tawan Chang PK Saenchai" and "Saeng Manee PK Saenchai" to worship "Chao Khun Thongchai" Wat Traimit Wittharam In order to receive sacred objects to enhance the prestige first, both of them will fight the one that is about to be at the end of this month, which is considered to enhance the prestige and take the auspiciousness according to the belief. Famous Kiji to awaken the morale of winning the camp. Tawan shines the World Championship, One Muay Thai, the Featherweight and the "Petch Petch, Yindee, Academy", the current throne. It is considered the hope of grabbing the One World Championship belt to decorate the camp again after "the moon shine. PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym "Lost Muay Thai Box The first strawweight version that has been the first line, while Saengmanee has the opportunity to return to the One Arena in 2 years after moistened and returned the strong form under the affiliation. PK Saenchai Which will clash with the fighters from the Dragon "Zhang Cheng Long" and is considered another hope of the camp that will climb the Bante Muay Thai Boxing To win the belt from "Nong Oh, the five -star grilled chicken" Tawan Chang Manee, has a queue to compete in the same program, the One 161: Emerald Petch, the sun shines on Thursday 29 Sep 65 fans. Can follow and cheer for two warlords from the camp PK Saenchai In this battle, through Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start the first pair at 17.00 hrs. And via Thairath TV Channel 32 at 9:30 pm.
The brutal arena night!"Kota", a handsome fighter, locking "Boonchuay", a Thai fighter Super Rizin (clip)|The Super Rizin match against Kotamiura, the local fighter, meets Bunsaphon Sungnoen, Thai fighters in the MMA rules at the Sai Tita arena, Super Arena, Japan. On Sunday, September 25, 2022 by a handsome fighter Just became interested in our home with a special fight with "Dam Dam Dok Kom" Buakhao Bancha Mek, the Thai beloved fighter in the Ratchadamnoen World Series (RWS) before being a loser. KO went in the 3rd round in August. In the past, for the fight in this fight, I must say that it ends quickly. Even in the beginning of the lift, it was the side of the merit that released the whole flea weapon. And the bottom cut But after being caught, playing the game was finished immediately after Kotamura relies on the rhythm of the lock arm bar, causing the fighters from Thailand to give up only in the 1st round. Wins on the MMA arena. Professional is their 2nd fight, while Boonchuay Sung Noen, the first MMA style is not very beautiful. After having to encounter defeat immediately
Move after the game!"Kara Curte", Turkish girl slapPosts like this after losing Thai (picture)|Smoke lost the competition The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands between "Thai girl slapping army" meets the 6th Turkish team on Saturday 24 September 2022, with the results that are known as " Thai girl "with the world rank Including the last 5 meeting statistics as the loser Throw in the end, before turning the situation back to overcome it in 3-2 sets. After the game, the ABRA CAR KARO TRA, the fierce pillars who do the best in the Turkish team. Expressed the disappointment that his team became a loser to the Thai girl Despite this game, the team scored up to 24 points, with a 22 -year -old girl who posted a picture of disappointment after her Turkish national team became the Thai loser. With online messages that "It just started for the race route. The World Women's Volleyball Championship 2022, we will return to stronger than before. "For the 196 cm in the first national team, the first national team in 2018 became the parties of the fans. Thai people online After often showing the style of satisfying in the rhythm of the power score Before the end, referred to it as just a joint game in the game And is not to look down on Thai players in any way
Win tired!The Thai national team slashed Tranin Daet 2-1, grabbing the 3rd battle of the King Cup.|The 48th King Cup football match, the 3rd final match between the Thai national team, opened the house with The national team of Tranid and Tobo at the 700 -year -old Chiang Mai celebration on Sunday 25 September 2022, opening the game for 9 minutes. "The War Elephants" came to win from the right corner kick. The characters of the ball hit the ball will be plugged in the pillars, but Alvin Jones kicked out of the 12th minute. The home team almost got again. Pressing with the left from the distance of 20 yards, the ball will be plugged under the beam, but Marvin Phillip rushes the hand at the end of the 20th minute. Like a fast-squeezing eye, causing the ball to miss the ball into Charnnarong Promsri Kaew, shot with the left, the Thai national team, bringing 1-0 to bring out the first half with this score, come back to play in the second half of the 60th minute, the visiting team almost got the goal. The rhythm of the rhythm of Kevin Molino, a backup, pulled down the three lines, cut in before pressing with the right from the penalty area of ​​Kittiphong Phu, the rope had to rush out after the continuous rhythm. Kevin Molino ran. Went to play a long corner kick to the front of the Gate, Karim Moses, running over and changing the way to plug in the second pole into Tranida Dad as a rival 1 -1 has been successful. "War Elephants" stretched the game. The 72th minute invaded the 72th minute. Again, 2-1, the 85th, the visiting team has won the rhythm of the game. Anthony Herbert fired, but the ball fell into Kevin Molino running with the left. But Kittiphong Phu swept the rope out of the back, the Thai national team opened the house, slashing The national team Going to win 2-1, winning the 3rd in the 48th King Cup football match, successfully dominated the list of players of both teams: Kittiphong Phu Tua (GK), Supan Nat Burirat, Chatmongkol Thanaroj, Chalermsak Akkhi, Krisada Kaman, Thirathorn Bunmathan, Pithiwat Sukchit Thamkul, Chakraphan Kaewprom, Chan Narong Promsrikaew, Supachok Sarachart, Suphanat is like the Tranida national team: Marvin Phillip (GK), David Orbar, Nevell Hacks Chow, Sheldon Buttu, Karim Moze. S, Andre Fortune, Alwin Jones, Ceston Julian, Le Ston Paul, Levy Garcia, Rion Moore
Change 8 people!"Mano", the Thai national team manager, is satisfied with the team to win over Tranin Daet.|Mano Polling is satisfied with the new players. Which has the opportunity to the Thai national team that is able to overcome Tri Drad and Tobo and grab the 3rd in the Kings Cup. The game has changed to play from the first game to 8 people and gives all the opportunities to all players. The stadium runs out before defeating Tranin 2-1, grabbing the 3rd place of King Cup. "We are all disappointed from the finals. But this game is a good game that gives new players the opportunity First played in the name of the national team And believe that everyone is doing well Give credit to all the team who fought with the heart, "said Mano." The broken door must admit that the team has rehearsed the set. But the rhythm was the moment that Chalermsak came out to first aid on the side of the field and wait to see if it could be posted. But other than that, the game is considered to be well done. "" The story of the AFF Mitsubishi Electric Cup admits that it is difficult to choose the player because it is not during the FIFA Day. Which is beyond control But will try to do the best Because the players in the J.League like "J" Chanathip Songkrasin, "Czech" Supachok Sanchart and "Inz" Chaowarat Wirachat must enter the pre -season. With the agency as well But still believe in "Madam Paeng" Nuanphan Lamsam, a team manager who has a good relationship with the club Will help to talk to the players to join the team. "" However, in the King Cup, we saw new players either Charnnarong or Coronation, which all players are important. Including the advantage that this ASEAN Championship will have time to practice Because the league will stop during the World Cup as well From now on, must go back to see the form of the players. To find someone who cannot replace people who come. "
Never knew before!"Turkish national team coach" raised one Thai player, changing important games (pictures)|Smoke lost the competition The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands between "Thai girl slapping army" meet with the Turkish team in the world on the world on Saturday 24 September 2022. The results of the competition are known that " Thailand "that before the race was seen as inferior to all aspects, able to turn the situation from 1-2 sets back to win 3-2 sets after the game. Opened with FIVB about the game that "We have to admit that we have never underestimated the Thai team. But today they play better than us They are monsters. It is a really fun game. "The important turning point in this game is to return during the 4th set and the 5th set. Distinctive, can do 7 points, including slapping, serving and blog, which the 50 -year -old manager also looks at this. By praising the players No. 17 (Sasipaporn Chantawisut) as well as being a secret weapon that finally changed the game "Today we have seen the new players of the Thai national team. She came to play smartly. And can close the blind spots of the team at an important time. "For the Thai national team, there is a program to enter the second game in the program. World Women's Women's Volleyball Championship 2022 meets Poland on Wednesday 28 September 2022 (Tuesday night, September 27) at 01.30 hrs. Fans can watch live broadcast on Channel 23.
Without losing!The Netherlands opened the Belgian house 1-0 to seize the Nations League.|The UEFA Football League Football League Group 4 between the Netherlands met Belgium at Johan Crab Arana Stadium on Sunday night, September 25, 2022, starting the game for just 5 minutes. The visiting team had the opportunity to win before. The rhythm of Amado Ona dragged the ball up to the right to the penalty area before opening for Adenazar to shoot, but instead across the beam after the 15th minute. "The Red Devils of Europe" almost again. Win de Bruyne cut the ball in the middle before dragging the pendant and then opened the penalty area for Mishi Bat Choi to shoot, but Rem Ko Pasfier stands anywhere. The visiting team is still more clear than the 30th minute. Kevin De Bruyine plays the ball into the penalty area for Akles to slip out alone, shooting in the frame, but lightly goes into the hand into the hands of Rem Ko Pasfier again. The first half is tied. 0-0 returned to the second half of the 50th minute. The home team had a chance to win before Denzel Dams. Frieds were defeated by Nick Garrassco. 73 The home team came to have a corner kick on the left, Kyakkaphan opened the curve into the penalty area. 1-0 to win the group by having 16 points from the winning 5 draws 1 and never lost to anyone. List of players of both teams of the Netherlands (3-4-1-2): Rem Ko Pas Fear-Ur, studying Timber, Fergil van Dyk, Nathan Ake-Densel, free button S, Marten de Ron, Stephen Berlie, Dalay Blind-Datiy Classsen- Stephen Burg, Yan, Fincensen Belgium (3-4- 3): Tibot Gourg - Seno Debast, Tobe Alder Varel, Fair Tong Gen -Thomas Munier, Amado Nana, Aksel Witzel, Titayatha -Kevin De Bruyne, Adenanazar, Mishi Bat Chu Ai, judges: Anthony Taylor (English )
Duel to the play -off!"Prote Irrigation" for the LPGA championship in the United States.|LPGA Golf Tournament "Enjoy Endle URS Championship" in the city of Racers, Archon Seo, United States of America. On Sunday, September 25, on the last day of the "Prote", the Thai golfer, golfers, added 3 under par, making Score of 17 under par to be the leader of the score as Da. Niel Kang, American steel stalk Resulting in having to judge the winner by playing play -off In the first hole Both were able to collect the par to both. Later, the Thai girl successfully kept Berdy. While the local steel rod Can only keep par, making the "Chinese Pro" beat the championship after playing the play of play, resulting in Athatikul won With a prize money of 345,000 US dollars (about 12 million baht). It is considered a LPGA Tour Champion 2, after having won the JetBC championship. Classic after the competition The 19 -year -old girl golf opened, "I am really proud. That I have stood here Of course, I want to win. I don't think I will cry. But this is like a tears of happiness. "In the part of other Thai golfers," Pro Waen "Pornong Petchlang, a total of 14 under par 199, grabbed the 4th place. Pura can do 9 under par 204, ranked 29.
Touch and know!"An Toni" reveals the differences while playing for Manchester United and Ajax.|Anti -wing of Manchester United, a famous team in the Premier League, admitted that the practice with the new agency was different from when he was playing with Ajax Amsterdam, according to the official report from the website. Of the Brazilian football club Moved to the Old Trafford at the end of the past summer market and the person was able to score his first goal immediately in the game that met with Arsenal, as well as continuously playing in the game. Europa League as well. During the introvert and the Brazilian national team, the interview with Manchester United's media, talking about the differences in the training between the old and the new team. Including the important thing that makes the team doing well in the past. "The practice is very different. But I have prepared myself very well I know how intense it will be. Because I have always followed the Premier League football. I know that the game here is seriously. And the practice must be 100 times as possible. "" This team is part of having a great player, which we know each other. As well as creating understanding in order to step at this level and is our football development as well We are getting to know each other more each day and in each game. Which this unity makes everything smooth and good work, "said Tony.
Do you drama again?FIVB page changes the cover image, but this work, neighbors may scream (picture)|After becoming the previous issue about choosing a cover on the Volleyball World page that uses a picture of a Thai girl volleyball team. Despite the competition The Nations League Women's Volleyball 2022 has completely ended. The team that is the championship this year Italian national team Has not been changed on the cover to the size of Thethao247, famous media in Vietnam. Used to ask questions about the suitability of the cover of the cover that "Italian female volleyball team It has not been honored by the World Volleyball Federation on Facebook's first page, even if the winner of the Nations League Volleyball Competition 2022 has a leading team from the world to compete, but the World Volleyball Federation. Still using the picture of the Thai women volleyball team as the cover image Since this team passed into the quarterfinals By being posted from 20 June to the present What happened? "Of course, this made my girlfriend slapped the young lady in our country. Because it is considered a matter of the competition And all content on the page Besides the Vietnamese volleyball team Did not participate in this competition Why do you have to interfere with this? However, the latest Volleyball World page of the International Volleyball Federation The said cover has been changed. But is a picture of the Thai national women's volleyball as before In the rhythm of the victory after being able to overcome Turkey 3-2 sets in the 2022 World Championship with the message "Thai national team: one picture instead of a thousand words." "Change only the original team" and may cause hurt again for the said media. After previously, the Volleyball World page had previously made a special clip for the Thai national team as well as messages. "They are not just making history by passing through to the final round for the first time, but the Thai team impressed the world with smiles, laughter and charm." It is a response to a neighbor's media questions that have questioned questions. already
This is easy!"Ricar Lizon" revealed the deal before the Spurs summer.|Tottenham Hotspur national team striker Richar Lizon came out to admit that there are many clubs that are interested in signing a contract with themselves, including Arsenal, a major rival in the Premier League. In the past summer market, according to the report from Everton's former striker Clearly announced after the end of the season that he wanted to move the team to play in the UEFA Champions League. Referred to that he has been contacted by both Chelsea and The Gunner before Spurs quickly walked to grab himself to join the team. "I know that Chelsea has submitted Proposed And still believe that Arsenal has contacted Everton to inquire about my situation, but Spurs came in and agreed to pay immediately. "" It's easy. Ton needs to sell some players from the team to avoid the problem of financial fanplay and honestly say that the negotiations with Spurs are very short, "the Brazil national team striker said.
British islands!"Mink Saraburi" matching "Robertson", the world snooker champion|Snooker competition The World Mixed Doubles Special World Doubles at Marshall Arena Milon Key, England on Sunday, September 25, in the finals "Mink Saraburi" Natcharat Wongharit, Queue Thai girl paired with the Australian Son Robertson, meets the British snooker margly marks with the British Genna Kenna. Charat and Robertson were able to overcome 4-2 frames to win the championship with a prize money of 30,000 pounds (about 1.2 million baht). The 22 -year -old Thai girl is 74 points to do with the couple of Trump and Ung On Yi in the 3rd game of the first round, which finally, their team has won 4. -0 and successfully turning the situation into the finals. After losing 2 games in a snooker competition World Championship This time, all 4 contestants were invited to meet, consisting of Ronnie Osulvan with Rene Evans, Rod Trump and Ung On Yi, Neil Robertson. With Mink Natcharat and Mark Selby with Rebecca Kenna by bringing the number 1 and 2 teams through the finals. Which has been broadcast live through ITV for the first time in 30 years for "Mink Saraburi" Natcharat Wonghathai, a 22 -year -old Thai snooker, became known all over the world. After being able to win British Open 2022 and the World Snooker World Champion 2022 (Women's World Championship) in February.
Famous media!Real Madrid prepares to cut Liverpool in front of the Brazilian football.|Real Madrid, the giant of La Liga approached the contract with Chao Gomes from Flamenco, the club in Brazil, even though he came out to interview that he wanted to move to play with the famous Liverpool team of the Premier League. According to the report from the ESPN "White King" reputed to have a line and know the market in South America as well. It can be seen from the fact that they grabbed the road Rodrigo and Winius Junior to join the team a few years ago. And now becoming a very important player that led the team achieved a lot. The latest report stated that Madrid was about to grab the Brazilian football, which was Chao Gomes, who played in the midfielder of Flaming Club. Disco, the person is receiving the attention of many clubs in Europe. There is also news linked to Liverpool, the famous team from the Premier League as well. Martin Liberty, ESPN reporter confirmed this via personal Twitter, believing that Los Langkos is approaching the contract with this young man at a price of about 30 million euros or 27 million pounds. "I received the information that he was about to move to Real Madrid by the White King, ready to pay. The value of 30 million euros. "In addition, Gomes also received the attention of Liverpool as well. They sent the cat to look at the form of this player to Brazil. While referred to the interview with the media that He also wants to move to play in Anfield.
This year without an excuse!"Avra" to the theater this season, Manchester City must be the European Championship only.|The legendary French legendary Patrice revealed that Manchester City is under a situation where they need to win the UEFA Champions League. This season, without any excuses, if Pep Guardiola's team has to be heartbroken in the program, "Blue Naval" is in a perfect condition when the team closes the deal. Grabbed the Erling Halnd to join the army when Football market The past summer under the value of around 60 million euros (about 51.2 million pounds) before scratching 14 goals from 10 matches in all items to this time to the City Sense by the former Manchester Frase. The United believes that Hanan is an important reason for Pep's team to fall under the situation. Champions League Come to win only in this season. "He is the Halnd Devil, a player who uses the strength of the body. Is a killer in front of the door He moved decisively. Strong for people who have this height. "Halnd Bring the team back to the strong route as before. That's why he was wearing a shirt number 9 with the team and he is the true number 9. But now they have no excuses. "" Before they won the Chelsea in the final game, Pep had to be forced to organize the army without a striker. But now it won't happen again. "
Anyone now"Super Bon" would like to arrange a new challenger "Tai Fun Oscan"|The Royal Thai King Boxing "Super Bon Sing Mawin" is ready to fight to the full championship, despite having to change a new punch partner during the final bend to "Tai Fun Ostean" from Turkey. The 5th place of this version of the force in the One Fight NGHT 2 battle that will be broadcast live in the American Prime Minister, which corresponds to the morning at 07.00 hrs. Of Saturday 1 October 65, in Thailand, originally Super Bon. Playing in the second fight against the "Qing Kis Allazov", the owner of the ONE, Kick Boing World Grand Prix, Featherweight But the latter had to withdraw suddenly due to the injury from the training of Tai Fun as a rival in the top five of the strong force that has never been with the world champion, so it was moved up instead of Qing Giz. Although it was a bit of a little bit, for the superon, changing a new fight does not make him worried even a little. Besides, it is also confident that it will be able to overcome this challenger. "Changing the fight to Tai Fun does not affect anything. And there is no need to change the practice or fight plan Because Tai Fun's fighting style is similar to Ching Kis and the skill is at the same level. So I have nothing to worry about. "" I would like to subdue everyone in this force already. Who will come before or after I am ready to meet all. And I think I will win no more than 3 knots as well. "The fans can follow the live broadcast of One Fight Night 2 Saturday, 1 Oct 65 via Watch.onefc.com, YouTu. One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start the first pair at 07.00 hrs. And Thai Rath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22.30 hrs. Ticketmaster.sg
Bo boil!England opened the house, Germany, 3-3 games.|UEFA Football Nation League 2022 Monday night, September 26, 2022, England 3-3, Germany. Stadium: Wemlie, British, almost got the house after opening the house, Germany 3-3 species that were led before 0-2. The visiting team got the goal from the penalty. Lakkai Gundo, the 52nd minute and Kai Hwert beat the goal in the 67th minute and 87, while the host got a goal from the 72 -minute look at the 72th minute and Harry Ken. Come to beat the penalty in the 83th minute. End of 90 minutes, even with 3-3Harry Kane. Started the game as a visiting team that tried to attack the ball. As for the home team, back to the defensive game and waiting for the opportunity to retaliate. During the first 20 minutes, each party watched each other. Resulting in the opportunity to finish the score, almost not the 24th minute. Luke Chaw pays through the channel for Sterling to fall into the penalty area But the shot to the safe of the Steage for 3 minutes later. But the ball fell out of the frame. The 39th minute, Mac Gaiire was crushed in the penalty area, but the ball was still swaying across the minute. But still shooting at the title, Steagen, when injured, Kimmich, trying to shine only a little bit of the pillar and the first 45 minutes is still equal 0-0harry Maguire, Jamal Musiala. Just 6 minutes from the moment Macsiri pays the ball and goes to make a foul mousia in the penalty area and is a murder of the murder. 56 minutes. Penalty But still overwhelmingly crossing the 60th minute. Sule fill up to make a bunch with Gundo before having a channel to shoot at the penalty area. But the ball rushed out, not in the frame 2 After that, Muleela pays for Werner to fall into the penalty area. But instead shot in the frame, unfortunately, the 67th minute, Germany came to get the second goal from the rhythm of Werner to pay, even for Hwert to spin with the left from the outside of the box. The ball curved beautifully in the 69th minute. Bllingham tried to shoot far from the box again. But still not passing the Tan Stener's hand, but then the 71th minute, England, to 1-2 from the moment that Rez James had the opportunity to open the ball to the second pillar, so it arrived at Luke Chaw. Firing openly, despite being attached to Steken's blog, but the ball is strong into the goal. Continue to the 75th. England successfully rival from the rhythm that Saka opens from the right way to the right to shoot with the right without catching. The ball rushed through Steage's hand into the 80th minute. Ken turned back in the penalty area. But the ball entered the window in the 82nd minute. The host came to the penalty from the moment that Bllingham was trapped in the penalty area and Ken, who killed, did not miss England. -3 has been successful from the rhythm of the long shot, but Nick Pope accepted the hilarious way to the 89th minute. Gen also narrowly brushed off his hands and ended 90 minutes. England always opened the house with Germany to 3-3 fun. The 11 real players of both English teams: Pope, Dyer, Stones, Makkiir, Schw, James, Belingham, Rice, Fine, Sterling, Ken Germany: Steagen, Cholotor Beck, Sule, Kh Lor, Rum, Kim Mich, Gundoe, Muleela, Hofmant, Saen, Hwert
Cut the national football team grade.England-Germany, UEFA Nation League last night|UEFA Football Nation League 2022 Monday night, September 26, 2022, England, 3-3, Germany, Stadium: Wemlie, both English players 11 Real player: Pope (6), Daiy (6), Mac Gaiire (4), Stones (5), James (7), Chaw (7), Rice (7), Bllingham (7), Foen (6), Sterling (6), Ken (7) Reserve: Walker (7), Saka (7), Mont (7), Hey Nerdson (6) Keyman -Buka Yozaka / Mason Mant, after the roar lion was brought away from 0-2 Gareth Southgate, managed to solve the game by changing the Sterling and Fores. Dan then sent Buka Yozaka and Mason Mant instead. Today, Saka has played a position to be a perfect attack on the right side from the previous match as the left wing. The work must be said to be outstanding, using speed, agility, creating opportunities many times, and can do one assist, while the Mount came down to create a dimension in the attacking game for the team to be better and also the freshness. The ball to the ball to the same as one goal in this game as well. Mason Mount, Bukayo Saka Germany 11 Real Player: Steage (6), Chon Tor Bake (7), Sule (6), Kehler (6), Ram (6), Kim Mich ( 7), Gundo Gun (7), Muleela (7), Hofnen (6), Sane (6), Hwez (8) Reserve: Verner (6 ), Gazen (5), Khanabi (6), Muller (5), Bella Cotta (5) Keyman -Chamal Mutila can not really deny that This 19 -year -old boy is the future of the truly an eagle football industry. Which today referred to himself again by creating a coordinating game with the old seniors, both Gundo and Kim Mich, smoothly In addition, the unique ability must be said to be bad. Go well with the ball Popular football Easy to play with vision Which, if not unlucky We will definitely see this little boy in the World Cup at the end of this year.
Gleaning the issue after the Nation League Lions|UEFA Nations League 2022 Monday night, September 26, 2022, England, 3-3, Germany, Stadium: Wemlie, England Cheat the death of the game today during the first 45 minutes. Seems not to be a deputy, even if dominating the ball less But they can set up until the visiting team cannot penetrate into dangerous areas. There is also a game that gets more water. If Rahim Sterling is sharper, it will be brought up before the first half. But after the second half began, they lost the penalty, which caused the game to look all over until it was taken 0-2 in the last 20 minutes, but the solution of Southgate today seems to Clearly, they shot 2 nights in 3 minutes, and also shot overtaking from the penalty point in the last 10 minutes. Unfortunately, the Tree Loon army was not resistant to being rival 3-3, but had to say it. That if they can play like the last 20 minutes forever At the end of this year, there was a chance to touch the world champions. Mason Mount, Harry Kane, Macsiri, 2 content, one of the highlights that the English football fans and the Red Devils do not want to write down. Gate, like Harry McGuire, is ongoing the field continuously. In addition, today I got the content of the team to have two goals to forgive. The first child was easy to pay in front of the penalty area to enter Muleela, before being tricked, causing the young jungle to fall in a 19 -year -old falling into the frame. After checking VAR, it was quite clear that the penalty was excavated. As for the other rhythm, it is continuous with the fun. But didn't pass Lost the ball in the middle of the field and was retaliated until finally being shot by Hwert. Which, as a lion football fan, can say that there is definitely a temple. This made Southgate decided to choose Nick Pope from Newcastle as a first hand. Which in this game, although the overall picture is not bad Playing is quite sure, and the first two goals are really out of wisdom, but for the third door, the person has a full part with the shot of the nibbing from the envelope until the Hoze followed repeatedly. Which seems to be better True, the ball is hot. But the person was able to see the child clearly, but instead decided to fall down to pick up instead of swipe away And finally missed This is an expensive lesson that made them still not able to find victory up to 6 consecutive games, Nick Pope. Southgate's beloved system is clear, it looks like Gareth Southgate at this time. Will find 11 real players that are right for themselves Because LINE up today, there is hardly any changes from the game before losing Italy. The main pages are still the same, which many people have been criticized, being attacked heavily, but still always true, such as Harry McGuire, the look of the Chaw Sterling, how many matches, is definitely not the same. Even before the media game expects that many players who have been called But it went back to be like that. Southgate still uses the same team. Changed the same person, even though there are many people on the bench, should come down to change the game better, but it seems to be unreliable. Of course, there will be no problems if the work comes out well. But when it goes to the sea this much, it is not strange that many people will ask the team's way of making in this way. Which may also be dragged to the World Cup at the end of the year as well. Gareth Southgate
Italy invaded Hungary 2-0 to win the group.Nation League|The UEFA Nation League Football League Group 3, the last 6 matches between "Azzuri" Italy invaded Hungary at Puscus Arena Manchini. Today comes in 3-5-2 plans, the center panel is Bonuchi, Shareby, Growed, with Dilorenzo and Di Marco standing the right left. In the middle, using Georginho, Barella, Christiante and the offensive line, giving an opportunity to match Rasi, Hungary plans 3-4-2-1. Kashi stood watching the pole, with Orban Bancha, the defensive line. Passing in the 27th minute, Adam Nagi pays back to Peter Gulashi being squeezed by Wilfred Nonto until kicking Josho Raspa Dodor. The home team and then easy to send the ball to the net, Italy, leading to 1-0. At the first half, 41 minutes, Dominic Sobos Line, put the free kick on the right. The ball floated to the left in the penalty area of ​​Willy Orbun, flick back to the front of the Atti Huntsal Gate, set the side of the foot, but the ball pushed the way out of the frame in an unbelievable frame. 0 Half a minute, 52 minutes, Nico Lo, Barela, pierced the ball to Brian Crispy to the right and wipe away Fede Rico Dero, Dargo, charged the second pole, led the visiting team to move away. 2-0. The game proceeded to 63 minutes. The style of the ball received the ball before shooting in front of the penalty area, ricocheted Leonardo Bonuch's legs, changing the way, but Donji Don Naruma is sticky after the end. The 79 -minute game, Martin Adam, an offensive line that was sent into the field, was Alessandro Basty. Committee listening to VAR signs Before shaking his hand, ignoring the penalty on the eyes of the home team, the Italian game, overtaking the 2-0 invading champion, Hungary 2-0, the second secondary runner-up, in the middle of the midst of June next year. England, 3-3 national teams, Germany national teams, Montinegro national team 0-2, Finnish national team, Romania 4-1, Bosnia national team, Gibraltar 1-2, the Jorgia national team, Macedonia. Above 1-2, Bulgaria national team, San Marino 0-4 Estonia
"Allan" leap away from Everton, Sap Al-Wahda, the team in the UAE league for 2 years.|Allan farewell to Everton and moved to Al-Wahda, the club in the United Arab Emirates by officially signed the 2-year-old Brazilian midfielder. Moved from Everton to the Al-Wahda team in the United Arab league. It is completed by signing a 2 -year contract from the disclosure of Twitter from the famous team in the UEAL Lan league, moving from Napoli to the Everton team in 2020 with a value of 21 million pounds and is a body. The main time when Carlo Anthelotti supervises the team, but after Frank Lampard came to take over the position, other people were bought in the middle of the team, causing Allan to be less likely. Everton has not officially announced the movement of this team. Playing on the top league of the United Arab Emirates by Carlos Carwal Hal, the former Swonzi City manager as the team manager. And there are players like Adrian Silva, former Leicester City midfielder
Scorching form!"GSB Sasiphaporn" Thai female tires, Fivb, Suhok, arranges a clip like this|Became a new beloved of Thai rubber fans, which is completed for "GSB" Sasipaporn Chantawit, Thai national volleyball player The most talked about now after showing a great form in the world championship battle competition. 2022 by her birth game on the world stage is an appointment "The army of the Thai young lady slap" turned the situation from falling to the back all the time, overtaking 3-2 sets, which the game A 25 -year -old girl slapper is considered an important part by coming down to score in the key to the game until the direction of the game, plus the competition on the side of Jovani. Also came out to admire her as a secret weapon of the Thai team "Today we have seen the new players of the Thai national team. She came to play smartly. And can close the blind spots of the team at an important moment. "While the Volleyball World page has brought her play clips to unfold all over the world. 5 times, 1 blog and 1 serving. This event makes the rubber fans around the world come to admire her very much. Click to see the clip for Sasiphaporn. Start playing volleyball since at elementary school at home. Wat Ban Kao School Before moving to study at the secondary level Suan Kularb Nonthaburi School and Nakorn Non Wittaya 6 School before continuing higher education at Bachelor of Business University with outstanding form of play has been selected to be attached to the youth team to participate in the ASEAN Championship. And the Asian Championship 2012 before having a name to compete in the ASEAN University sports 2018 in Myanmar While on behalf of the club starting with 3BB, Nakornnon, in the Thailand Volleyball League season, the 2017-18 season until being called to the national team. Before moving to the Diamond Food-Five Sports Club team, which allows the skill to develop with O Uma Sittirak Dao Tap, legendary elder Until leading the team to win the league in the last season As well as grabbing the position of the best player MVP and the player Personal information: Sasipaporn Chantawit, nickname: GSB, Savings Birthday: 10 June 1997 is a province: Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. Position: Height Pole: 178 cm.
Thai vs Poland: 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball, Statistics, Live broadcast|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland will be the host of the competition between September 23 - October 15, 2022, with the second game in the group S "Thai national team slap". Traveled to Pangsak Poland In order to meet the "local" team, Poland, the 14th team in the world, in which the first game of both of them "Thai girls" show a beautiful form to defeat Turkey 3-2 sets, while Poland is strong from Europe to win over Croatia. For 3-1, both teams will play with confidence for the statistics of the two teams. Meet all 12 times, the Poland side that can do better than 9 times while the Thai national team. Can only beat 3 times. In addition, the last time we met, I had to say that we were very inferior. Head 2, the last 5 times: Thailand won 1, Poland won 416 June 2022: Poland won Thailand 3-2 sets (NESH Nes League) 14 June 2021: Poland wins Thailand 3-0 set (Nation League) 3 August 2019: Poland lost 2-3 sets (selected Olympics) 23 May 2019: Thai lost to Poland 0-3 sets (Ne The League) May 17, 2019: Poland won Thailand 3-0 set (Methaz). For the Thai national team, the program will enter the game. The second game meets with Poland on Wednesday 28 September 2022 (Tuesday night at 27 September) at 01.30 hrs. Fans can watch the live broadcast on Workpoint Channel 23.
New target!Media Yan Manchester United pine, pulling the Benfica shooting starJoin the next season.|The Giant Manchester United from the Premier League is interested in signing a contract with Gonzalo Ramos, the talented striker of Benfica, the famous team in Portugal's league. The Iphoning News, which was reported from the Givemasport website, which has added that the reason why the Red Devils team is interested in this 22 -year -old striker because they want to pull in to replace Chris. Teno Ronaldo, who has wanted to move the team since the Summer, 37 -year -old, the 37 -year -old striker reported to Eric Tenhak, almost a full month of teammates in the period. Re-season, after the news came out that the agent was moving the agency. With the goal of wanting to play in the UEFA Champions League But in the end, he still had to trade in Old Trafford as a substitute at the same time. United have news trying to look for a new shooting star to replace Ronaldo as The distance due to Ronaldo's contract is about to end after this season. Most recently, Ramos's name is involved with the report, Gonzalo Ramos is considered an interesting player and Manchester United wants to have a thirst for creating a name for himself. But there must be a value that is not too high, which Benfica strikers are an interesting option for them. Currently, the situation of the Eric Ten Hak team is going well. They won the last 4 games in the Premier League, while Ronaldo's status is still only the reserve of Marcus Rashford and Antoninee Marseille.
North!"Floyd" at the end of the doctor, receiving enormous wealth up the latest fight (picture)|"The Money" Floyd Mayweather Junior, a former fist without losing to the United States. The owner of the statistics won the 50 fights, despite the farewell of the profession since the middle of 2017, but the person still pierced a lot of money during the last year. The major of the Super Rizin battle with a special rule with Mmuru Azakura, a Japanese MMA fighter in Saita Super Arena, Japan. On Sunday, September 25, 2022, the results of the competition, as already known that the 45 -year -old fist still shows the skill of the punch as before. And can beat Knock The 30 -year -old Japanese fighter is not difficult at the end of the second round before the judges decided to end the fight. After the fight, there were reports from Sportszion revealed that Floyd Maywehuruania Able to raise money from this fight up to 28 million US dollars (about 1,060 million baht). It can be said that it takes only 6 minutes to fight, while Mikuruazakura receives only 1.2 million. The US coin (about 45 million baht) at the same time, the famous media also dissected the lump sum, separated to be seen by divided into money from the press conference of $ 1.5 million (about 56 million baht), The fee for this fight is 22 million US dollars (about 834 million baht) and the share of the PPV live broadcast of another 4.5 million dollars (about 170 million baht). As usual, with continuous money, even after farewell to the professional fist, for Floyd Mayweather Junior, is regarded as the most financial athlete of the 2010 (only During the year 2010-2019), with a revenue of up to 915 million US dollars (about 28,400 million Baht) from Forbes, the famous financial magazine in the United States
Tips to defeat the criticism!"Martinez" opens up after being hit by a heavy attack in England.|Manchester United's defender Gave an interview to open the sound of criticism of the height of the person after moving from Ajax to join the Red Devils when the football market trading In the past, 175 centimeters of the owner of the owner of the league championship, the Net United's Night United's army, was approximately 55 million pounds before squeezing into the Keyman in Eric Tenha's team. Immediately, paired with Rafael Varan in the support of the Argentina national team and T -IC, the home media that was not interested in the high criticism. While revealing that being a footballer in the Red Devils is a dream come true for himself. "I don't care about the criticism. I believe in my ability to the fullest, "said Martinez." I always work hard. That can lead to the results that I want. To be honest, it is like a dream that is true for me to play for the big team like Manchester United, especially playing in the Premier League, one of the best leagues in the world. I am very pleased. "The Martinez has just been part of the blue-white army in a friendly game for 90 minutes.
Life story!"Genesis", the Thai national team, long cast after being heavily criticized in the King Cup|Considered to be a football attack from the online football fans for "Mickey" Pathomphon Charoen Ratthaphirom. The Thai national team star after the game that the Thai national team beat the 2-1 in the 48th King Cup, the 3rd final on Sunday 25 September, in which the game at the end of the game. The 28 -year -old kick has a rhythm of the ball to come into the penalty area with Theerasak revealing Phimai and Picha Utra, but the option to shoot himself before the ball stuck out unfortunately. Which makes some football fans disappointed And drained out in the social world. Thank you the story that I met. It teaches me a lot. It was the driving force for me. Makes me strong and grows to this day. "" I don't want any raised words. I am just a player who no matter who I say. As long as I still wear a shirt with a Thai flag, I will fight for you all. Sorry if you don't like it. I didn't come to do as I wanted. But I came to follow my dreams. "The Thai national team opened up.
Create a new viral!Dorna SportBring Moto GP riders to do Pre-Event activities.|The world again with the picture of the Moto GP rider. Create a new viral Led by Moto GP riders and Motosi with 2 rising stars, Thai riders "Kong Somkiat Chanthra" and "KK" Khemt Kubo, filming advertisements for competition in the heart of Bangkok in the theme to promote Thai tourism through art. Mae Mai Muay Thai at the Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium Prepare to be published this weekend to 207 countries. More than 800 million viewers around the world on Tuesday 27 September 2022 at the Ratchadamnoen Bangkok Boxing Stadium: Dornna Sport, the owner of the World Championship Championship. Moto GP program Thailand field "Or Thailand Grand Prix 2022" has led the racers in MotoGP. Travel to do public relations activities, organizing competitions and public relations Thailand as the host of the event. Moto GP rider led by Alex Marquez, a Spanish rider from LCR Honda, Fabio Di Ji Anandani, an Italian -Rain from Graceinee. Zing Moto GP, Albert Arenas, a Spanish rider from Gas Gaspa, the team, and there are also Motocherey riders like Isan Gawara. Nichka from Gaspaz, the team together with the Thai rider competing in the Mototu version, including "Kong" Somkiat Chantra from Idemitsu Honda, the Asian team and "KK" Kheminto Boobo from Yamaha VR 46 Master Camp, filming advertisements for the MotoGP Thailand Rounds, 17 or Thailand Grand Prix 2022 between 30 September - 2 October 2022 at Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province. In 2018, "Children Bomb", Marc Marquez, Spanish rider The owner of the famous Moto GP world champion Used to do Thai promotion activities, creating viral with a picture of a rider, Mito, pecking, red pork rice Together with the Thai rider "Chip" Nakarin Athirat Phuwaphat And driving Moto GP in the beautiful place of Bangkok Until becoming famous all over the world For this time Start the activity by shooting a promotional video in the form of private By the Dorna Sports team to shoot Activities that riders learn about Muay Thai art Experience the origin of the legend that "Ratchadamnoen Boxing Stadium", one of the oldest boxing stadiums, is one of the important Sports Destination in the world. With plans to bring this video to promote the competition and Thailand distributed to over 207 countries to around 800 million viewers around the world. Then enter the conversation with the rider. Open for the media to ask With executives from the public and private sectors welcomed and gave a souvenir as a Thai boxing pants that embroidered each rider Ending with a joint photo of the Pre-Event activity with the media army. Moto GP fan club Representatives from the public and private sectors Executives from the Ministry of Tourism and Sports, led by the Sports Authority of Thailand, Tourism Authority of Thailand, National Sports Development Fund, Private Private Support, such as PTT, Oil and Retail Public Company Limited or OA Thai Beverage Public Company Limited by Elephant Beverage, Thai Honda Company Limited, Thai Yamaha Motor Limit those interested in buying a competition ticket at Counter Service All Ticket in all 7-Eleven stores nationwide and www.allticket.com Or follow more details at Facebook fan page Chang Circuit Buriram or www.brIC.co.th/thailandgrandprix
Secretly shining "Tawan Chang" during the final bend before going through the battle of one Sep 29|"Left celebrities" Tawan Chang PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym With the trainer team to walk to the lion It is now in the process of introvert before the competition at the Park Royal Hotel, Singapore, with Tawan Chaim to fight the World Championship, One Muay Thai, Featherweight and "Petch Petch, Diamond. In one 161: Emerald Petch Tawan, screened on Thursday 29 September, which we will know that the One -Thai boxing throne Will there be a change of power? Before that day, Tawan was shown with fellow athletes representing the Thai nation who would fight in the same program, both Saengmanee Ferrari and Kapitan participated in the last week's collection of activities before the competition. Which we have clips of the activities and training of the sun shine directly from Singapore to watch enough Join the activity with the famous host "Mind Chillson". Fans can follow the live broadcast of One 161: Emerald Petch VS Tawan on Thursday 29 Sep 65 via Watch.onefc.com, One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) starting at 17.00 hrs. And Thai Rath TV Channel 32 at 21.30 hrs.
Can't resist!Thai female rubber balls defeated Poland 0-3, Women's Volleyball Warm, World Championship 2|The 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Championship in Group B, the 2nd Thai national team, the 14th team in the world, found Poland, the 13th host in the world. This game, the first 6 players in Thailand. Still holding the same set as the game that won the Turkey, consisting of handicrafts, happiness, Thad Dao Kidjai, Atcharaporn Kongyot, Chatch Churamoksri, Pornphan Kerdprak and Pim Phichaya Gum, with Piyanuch The little key is independent, the game image in this match. Poland focuses on serving heavily, cutting the Thai offensive game. And also got a great place from Maga Lea Stecisia, the owner of 203 centimeters height, which has both the big tall in the game, blog and the weight of the slap game. Create problems for Thai women throughout the game and do up to 26 points in this game. The Thai team, although having to play in the midst of the cheers of the Lord But trying to leverage everything that has been fully fought But in the end, I couldn't resist 0-3 sets. 17-25, 17-25 and 17-25, resulting in the Thai national team having 1 winning statistics 1 with 2 points as before. There are 6 points equal to Dominican. Group leader But the set lost Poland, causing Poland to hold the 2nd place in this group, the next program of the Thai female rubber team Will enter the field with Croatia today at 19.00 hrs. Follow live via workpoint Channel 23
Hey, scared!Thailand turned the hell 3 balls, overtaking Iraq 3-2, Futsal, Asian Cup 2022|The battle "AFC FUTSAL Asian Cup 2022" Group A group stages at the Sasup Al Abdullah Hall Kuwait City on 27 September 2022, the Iraqi national team meets the Thai national team. Sausar Head Coach organized the first 5 start -up army. Aranyasaklak and Warut Wang Samal, the target, is Jesada Chusadet. Started the game for 4 minutes. The Thai national team that opened the attacking game since the beginning of the game has hoped from the rhythm of Supawut Klang. Jaroondet Ten thousand, noon, swaggering, the ball was close to the second pillar. 8 Iraq got free kicks. Salim Five Sol, firing Kathawut Han Khampha, brushed into Tares Xiao. Shot into the goal up 1-0. Next, N. 14 Iraq came to get a 2-0 goal away. Flows for Mussafa Iahsan to stand open and open. Then, the Thai national team opened the attacking game at 17 strokes. Rang Pairote Charge in 1-2 opening the second half of the Thai team, still operating, attacking at N. 26, Sarawut, Pruek, dragged into the middle of the face, pressed with the right right, jumped into the second pole, rival 2-2 at the end of the last 6 minutes of Naze. Alisa, the Iraq, decided to open the Power Play game, but still can't penetrate. In another 2 minutes, Carlos Sezar will come to play the power play before Jesada Choo. Dej will come to beat the narrow corner for Thailand to turn up to lead 3-2, finish the Thai national futsal game, slash the Iraqi national team 3-2, start the first 3 points successfully. The second match of the Thai Futsal team will find the host of the Kuwait national team. Thursday, September 29, 256 at 23:55 hrs. In Thailand, live broadcast on AIS Play Eleven1.
"Sezar" accepts the first half Thai football, the form is out, glad that the team returned to grab 3 points|After the Thai national futsal game, winning Iraq 3-2, starting the AFC Futsal Cup 2022, grabbing 3 points on the Thai national team Carlos Sessar Gun, saying, "It's a fun game. Very much and is another quality game, Thai and Iraq fighting with dignity. The first half of the game, we still don't concentrate as if not our team. But in the second half, we tried to adjust and stimulate the players to call back the commitment and confidence. And we can return to admire the determination of all players. "" After this, we still have to find a difficult game. In fact, 4 teams in these groups are all close, have a chance to win, even if we get 3 points. It's not possible to be the champion of the group. "The second match of the Thai Futsal team will find the host of the Kuwait national team. Thursday, September 29, 256 at 23:55 hrs. In Thailand, live broadcast on AIS Play Eleven1.
Uruguay work!"We Cho" up the cutting board for 3 months, implied the World Cup.|Barcelona announced Ronald Ok. There is a high chance of missing the World Cup in Qatar. Barcelona. Issued a statement confirming Ronald Ao, Uruity defender. Prepare to undergo surgery for the right thigh muscle injury on Wednesday in Finland. The 23 -year -old receiving was injured by playing for the Uruguayan national team. In the warm -up game with the Iran national team Previously decided not to undergo surgery and had to rest for at least 1 month. Most recently, after the medical team of Aor, Akho chose to undergo surgery. To reduce the risk of repeated injuries in the future It is expected that more than 3 months have to be resting, which may be missed the opportunity to play in the World Cup 2022. "Ronald Ao, we will undergo surgery on Wednesday. For the muscles, adductor long in his right thigh The surgery is performed by Dr. Lasse Lempina under the supervision of the medical staff of the club in Turku, Finland. "Barca statement.
War Elephants U17 for the first time, "Phiphop" stimulates the junior elephant fight for the dignity of the Thai nation.|On September 27, 2022 at 17.00 hrs. Nan Football, Pattana Sport Resort, Chon Buri Province Thai national football team, aged not over 17 years, first practice To prepare for the Asian Football Championship Under the age of 17, qualifying rounds in Vietnam this practice Focusing on the restoration of the body and reviewing the concept With all 16 players, while the players who are attached to the mission will later contribute Can practice completely It takes 1 hour to practice before practicing the weakened world. The head coach of the Thai national team U17 said: "We have called the players to prepare before the Asian Football Championship Qualifier. Collecting the data of the team until getting the last 23 talented "" Every time I do for the nation I will do my best and the best. Would like to tell all the players that we are here to do for the nation. It is the dignity of the nation. What to do for the national team is proud of all the younger people to do it fully. "" I know that all football fans love the national team wanting to see the national team have good work, but even if I will make Full, cheering for the Thai national team U17 too. "For the Thai national football team, under the age of 17, there is a program for the Asian Football Championship, the qualifying round of the age of 17 years in the city of Vietnam, with the following programs. Thailand meets Nepal at Vietnam Tri Stadium, October 5, 20:00 at 16.00 hrs. Taiwan meets Thailand at Vietnam Tri Stadium on October 7, 2022 at 16.00 hrs. Stadium, October 9, 2022 at 19.00 hrs.
Bodhin Nimit, Nakhon Pathom 4-0, Surasak Chaka at home at risk.Football, Department of Physical Education|Pho Nimit Witthayakhom chase away the Sports of Nakhon Pathom Municipality 4-0, Surasak Montri Chawichuit 1-1 at risk. Football Battle of the Department of Physical Education for the year 2022, model 18, year of the Iden Mitsu Football Competition, the Department of Physical Education for the year 2022, model 18, year of the league. Somdet Phra Kanitthathirat Department of Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn The Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn on Thursday 27 September 2022 is the meeting of the A. and Sai B. There are 6 pairs of kicks, with the Chaloem Phrakiat 6 stadium kicking 4, while Surasak Montri School has kicks. 2 pairs are the final bend of the competition to find the last 4 teams at the semifinals at the Rajawinit Bang Kaew School. Wat Sutthiwararam School, No. 5, met with Tha Kham Phitthayakhom, 4th of the A. This match, 4 national team players, U -17 year team of Tha Kham Phitthayakhom School, Ton Tawan Punni, Phacharaphon Lekkul, Jiraphong The Cham Sakul and Thanakrit Naga are still with the team as before. Kicking in the midst of a full stadium from before the race was scattered. Making control of the ball to be difficult with the 20th minute. Sutthiwararam Temple Scored a goal first from Komcharan Udom Thanasiri, making "Singha Pla" leading 1-0 next to Manawit Sae Li, then shot for Wat Sutthiwararam was brought up to 2-0 after the lead door. Suthawararam Temple is easier to play. And fully opened the game Open the province for Tha Kham Phitthayakhom Using the rhythm back in the 41st minute, it is Sirapop. The good day to shoot the eggs, but followed by 1-2 until the end of the first half. Tha Kham Phitthayakhom Change the game to play a long ball and can score 3 consecutive goals from Atip Kaew Chaeng, 70 minutes, the 75th minute degree and Phuriphat Kosphan, 80 minutes, 4-2 and before the time expired. 88 Sutthiwararam Temple Came to the door to be shallow 3-4 from the shot of Natthaphat Sirisuthit, but the rest of the time could not do anything else The competition is over Tha Kham Pittayakhom slashed to win Sutthiwararam Temple 4-3 goals, survived the relegation of another pair of Surasak Montri The group of the group A has 1 point. Meet the 3rd team of the A. Surasak Montri Group. There is a need to have 3 points to extend the breath in the 22nd minute. Surasak Montri. Can successfully withdraw the score from Chayaphon Ju Suk, leading 1-0 until the end of the first half Surasak Montri There are many opportunities but can't do it. Until the game proceeded to the 57th minute, Wisit directed was successful from the shooting of Phumrat Khammal, a 1-1 return. The time is out of time. 1-1 is divided into 1 team per team, while the Chaloem Phrakiat Stadium, Khlong 6, Vachirachai, Chiang Mai, Tame 2-2 / Chainat Provincial Administrative Organization, Khon Kaen Sports School 2-2 / Pho Nimit Witthayakhom won the sport. Nakhon Pathom Municipality 4-0 Gate and Suan Kularb College, Chana Assumption Bangkok 2-0 goals for the next match, Tuesday 29 September 2022, there are 3 pairs of kicks at the Assumption College Thonburi. 2 pairs at 13.00 hrs., Sutthiwararam School, met with Sarn Witthaya, at 15.00 hrs. mandarin
The green light cabinet "Big Kong" sitting on the governor. Agenda 2, approved the SEA Games year 68.|"Cabinet" renewing the contract of Dr. Kongsakd Yodmanee is the "Governor of the SAT". And approved Thailand to host the 33rd SEA Games and the 13th ASEAN Para Games in 2025 as The Sports Authority of Thailand or the SAT board has held the meeting no. 7/2012 on July 27, 2022, with Deputy Prime Minister Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Presided over that meeting, which the meeting With the contract to renew Dr. Propose to the Cabinet (Cabinet) for the latest approval on 27 September 2022, General Pravit Wongwongsuwan, Deputy Prime Minister. Presided over the 39/2012 Cabinet at Santi Maitri Building (Lang Out), Government House Which the meeting Has approved Dr. Kongsak Yodmanee to be the governor of the SAT, another agenda, which was effective from October 1, 2022 until 30 September 2026 for Dr. Kongsakd Yodmanee The 2nd Governor of the Sports Authority of Thailand, which has the work of this function, is the second agenda, which is the 4 -year -old work. Mr. Kanokphan Chulakasem, who worked during the year 2006-2014. In addition, the meeting also approved Thailand to host the 33rd SEA Games (2025) and ASEAN Para Sports. The 13th game (year 2025) as well.
"Morata" beat Spanish to slash Portuguese 1-0, Nation League Group|The UEFA Nations League Football Competition 2022-23 League A group 2 between the Portuguese national team Opening the Estadio Munisipal de Braga, Braga received the visit of Spanish Spanish national team Visit Portugal In the game they need only 3 points If you still hope to overtake the home team as an old champion, A2 passed the semifinals. Portugal itself is not underestimated. Arrange the offensive line, both Christiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes, Diego Chota and Bernardo Silva while Spain. Leave the hope in Fernarrees, Pablozanabia and Alvaro Morata. The Spanish national team beat the Portuguese national team 1-0 by Spain. Morata, the 88th minute, made Spain increased to 11 points, overtaking Portugal to win the group. Ready to successfully pass the semi -finals, while the UEFA Nations League, other couples, Switzerland 2 - 1, Czech Republic, Ukraine 0 - 0, Scotland, Norway 0 - 2 Serbia Sweden 1 - 1 Slo Venia Ireland 3 - 2 Armenia 3 - 1 Ireland Northern Albania 1 - 1 Iceland Cozo 5 - 1 Cyprus
Brazil, warm, elegant, attacking Tounisia 5-1|The national football match at the Park Des Place Stadium, France, "Samba", the Brazilian national team, met with Tunissee Tite in the 4-2-3-1 system. Mark Kwinos and Silva match the centerless and Danilo, standing back, right, the middle of the middle is Fred, Casemiro, two wings, using Rafinya and Ney. Mark and Ricar Lizon stand to support the results, the results show that The Brazil national team beat Tunisia 5-1, with Brazil got a goal from Rafinya 2 Tung, 11 and 40, Richarlison, 19th minute, Neymar, 29th minute and Pedro. 74, Tunisia, from the 18th minute Sar Talis Stalba, with 10 Tunisia, leaving 10 people from 42 minutes. Neymar, other partners, Uzbekistan 1-2, Costa Rika Rut 1-0, Laos, South Korea, 1-0 Cameroon Nepal 3-1 Bangladesh 0-0, Japan, Vietnam 3-0 India, Indonesia 2-1 Curua Iw Tariol Guinea 2-2 Toko Iran 1-1 Senegal, United Arab Emirates 0-4 Venezuela Bahrain 0-2 Panama DR Congo 3-0, South Africa 1-0 Botsawa Canada 0-2 Uruguay Qatar 2-2 Chile, 2-1 Tanzania Saudi Arabia 0-0, USA, 0-1 Ghana Egypt 3-0, Liberia Ivy Cost 3-1 Guinea Faso-Morososs Paracanic 0-0 Morog Gomal eyes 2-1 Israeli Ligeria 2-1 Nigeria
Don't curse!"Chitporn" Thai girl's rubber ball opens a picture of the game difference (picture)|Smoke lost the defeat of The Thai national women's volleyball team towards the Poland national team 0-3 sets in the 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Championship in the city of Pansak. Poland On Tuesday night, September 27, in this game "Thai national team slap", although trying to fight to the utmost, but unable to resist the height of the home team Especially in the case of Maklena Stez, a 21 -year -old girl slap, the owner of 203 centimeters height, who scored up to 26 points (slapped 18 points, the blog 8 times). Clearly, we have been blocked by 16 points of competitors, while the "Thai girl" defensive game is considered to not be able to block the competitors' slap. Can block score only one score Throughout the competition, all 3 sets after the game have some rubber fans are not satisfied with the form of play in this game that is a losing to 0-3 sets (17-25, 17-25 and 17-25) and Came out to comment on this matter a lot. Even though this team was not attached to the 2022 World Championship, came out to protect the teammates with this picture with the message. "People who only curse Thai athletes come to see this. Okay." For the Thai national team there is a program. Will enter the third game field. Meet Croatia on Wednesday 28 September 2022 at 19.00 hrs. Fans can watch live broadcast on Channel 23.
Highlights "Thai girl volleyball" meet Poland, the World Rubber Championship 2022|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in Poland between "Thai national team slap" entered the game. The second game met with Poland on Tuesday 27 September 2022, before the Thai national team competition, the name and statistics in the latter are considered Is a very strong team from Europe. As a result, "Thai women" are losing 0-3 sets from the defeat in this game, causing "Thai female rubber ball" has a winning 1 losing 1 in Group B with 2 points. However, there are still 3 games.
I'm wrong!"McGuire" Sorry, the football fans after making a mistake, Germany|Manchester United defender Harry McGuir, a famous team in the Premier League. Came out to apologize to football fans through social media after making mistakes in the game with Germany 3-3 in the UEFA Nations League on Monday night, according to the report from 365 football, 29 years old. Was heavily criticized in the form of playing last season While the new season, the person has to become a backup in the last 4 league games under the team of the new manager, Eric Ten Hak. The Gate called on the national team, UEFA Nations League and continuously entered the field. But he was attacked in the latest game with The Germany national team went 3-3. In this match, the Red Devils made a mistake in 2 times, which the person has apologized to the fans after the game via Instagram. Game I have to apologize to everyone. Getting up and fighting excellently and the spirit that brings us back to the game from all teammates Keep the advantages of this game and head to Qatar. The difficult moments will make us stronger, "McGuire stated.
Thai vs Croatia: 2022 World Women's Volleyball Volleyball, Statistics, Live broadcast|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland will be the host of the competition between 23 September - 15 October 2022 by the third game. Of group stages, group B, "Thai national team slab", the 14th team in the world will enter the field with Croatia, the 22nd team in the world in the city of Pansak. Poland, in which the work of "Thai girl" in the past 1 losing 1 game, with 2 games, while the "checkered girl slap" losing 2 matches still has no points. The statistics of the meeting of both teams met 2 times in the World Championship in 1998 in Japan and the 2010 World Championship in Japan. By keeping the victory each time, the head of the head of both teams: Thailand won 1, Croatia won 131 October 2010: Croatia, losing to Thailand 0-3 sets (World Championship) 5 November 1998: Thailand loses Croatia 0-3 sets. (World Championship) For the Thai national team, there is a program to enter the 3rd game against Croatia on Wednesday 28 September 2022 at 19.00 hrs. Fans can watch live broadcast on Channel 23.
End of waiting!Fan Club "Maddy", the former girl, ready to come back to shoot 18+ (pictures)|After being announced by Charlton Athletic, the women's team announced the separation due to non -professional behavior. Causing her to turn to work in an army by opening OnlyFans (Transfer Lee Fantas) before grabbing a beautiful income of over 20 million baht per month. Most recently, Madel Wright or Maddy, the former X -X -X -Girl has returned. Announcement of the news again that preparing to hold content for the fans After a break for more than 6 weeks, which she came in pajamas did not sleep with blue lace pattern. With the caption in Thai that "Stay in a short period But now I am back, my beloved. "Before managing her to be a link to her Only Fans. Chase since the laughing, drinking, drinking wine, the party made the agency decide to cancel her contract until it was a famous news among football fans, but after that With a distinctive appearance Causing her to decide to do OnlyFans, which is said to make up to 500,000 pounds per month per month or more than 20 million baht from having more than 15,000 fans For those who want to follow her work, follow the family at Madelene_wright
The child has a destination!"James" believes "Bllingham", ignoring 3 Premier League giants|David James, the legendary goalkeeper of Liverpool, believes that Jud Bllingham will refuse to return to football in the Premier League. And choose to move to Real Madrid as the latest news. According to the report from Liverpool ECO, the giant from La Liga, including the 3 famous British Isles, Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester. United is being linked to the movement of Borussia Dortmund after the person shows great form to the agency. The yellow tiger team is ready to set the Belingham at around 150 million euros or about 131 million pounds, while the latest news from the media in Spain stated that the 19 -year -old midfielder has some signs that may denied playing. In the Premier League And chose to move to the Real Madrid team as the club in his career path. James came out to talk about this through GGRECON. The England midfielder will definitely choose to play for the White King team if there is a proposal. "I believe that it is suitable for that size. He is only 19 years old. Appointment, I think he is an unbelievable player. Meeting and talking to him As well as getting to know people who have worked with him It made him realize that he was the best 19 football players in the football industry. "" He is a very talented person. Is a footballer who is talented and has a good understanding of the game What do you want more than this midfielder? Of course, 130 million pounds are not too high. He moved to Germany during the ok. Which is a difficult time And he seized the opportunity. "" It proves that this is the correct movement. Because his play also developed. I think Real Madrid will call him, just as I want him to move to play in the Premier League. Which I am sure to move the team that he is very satisfied, "James said.
Confessed from the heart!"Makdalena", the young lady of Poland, opens up to the Thai national team (picture)|Shine more outstanding for Maklena Stez, the Poland national team slap. Which exploded in the form of the game that beat the Thai national team 3-0 set in the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Tuesday, September 27, by a 21-year-old girl slap, 203 centimeters height, creating works. The best 26 points in this game (slapped 18 points, blocked 8 times), which is considered the most in the team. Resulting in the hometown being able to overcome 3-0 competitors (25-17, 25-17 and 25-17). To meet with the Thai national team before the game as well "This is a very important game for us. The Thai national team can beat Turkey in the first game. Makes us realize that they will definitely be a difficult job for us. Winning this game 3-0, the set should help us to have an advantage in this group immediately. "" It's really exciting. Although in the first match there will be fans Traveled to cheer us to the Netherlands But with playing in the world championship In our home, it's amazing. We have to maintain our level of play in the next game to meet South Korea and play the best. "The ladder of Poll opens up for winning in this game. Poland national team Causing them to move the 2nd place in Group B, with 6 full points after 2 victory and increased the chances of the next final round
You don't have to think a lot!"In Yaki" revealed the reason for refusing to move Liverpool in 2019|Athletic Bill's striker Inchayi Williams came out to explain the reason he refused to move to Liverpool in the famous Premier League team in 2019 after receiving enormous proposals as reported from Liverpool ECOD Dao kicks 28 years old for Bill Light since the youth set. With a total of 77 goals from playing 346 matches in every item And referred to as the target of the team's reinforcement from Merseyside a few years ago, the report stated that When the summer market in 2019, Liverpool were interested in Williams and ready to pull him to hunt the net in Anfield. By submitting a proposal with a value of up to 88 million euros or about 78 million pounds, but in the end there was no movement Referred to by explaining the cause through volunteers, "I have an option to move the team. Have contacted Which I personally showed the position clearly It's good to have a club like this. Try to grab you to join the team. But I'm always clear that I want to stay with Athletic. "For this reason, Liverpool only signed with Adrian, the third -hand goalkeeper and Harvey Elliot. However, after the end of the season, they were able to win the Premier League for the first time.
Encouragement from around the world!Rubber fans "Thai girls" after defeating Poland World Championship|Smoke lost the defeat of The Thai national women's volleyball team towards the Poland national team 0-3 sets in the 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Championship in the city of Pansak. Poland On Tuesday night, September 27, in this game, even "Thai national team slap" will try to fight to the utmost, but cannot resist the height of the local players. Especially in the case of Maklena, Stesey, the owner of 203 centimeters that can cause problems throughout the game. We try to comment from the fans. Around the world. Comments 1. It's okay. Thai girls, you guys do your best. Please focus on the next game. The Poland team has many tall players. And they planned the advantage at this point. Congratulations to Poland as well. 2 broken hearts that they lost! But must admire the heart of the Thai girl They play with love. This game is like survival from all the giant waves that attacked every child. (Poland invasion) However, we continue to cheer for the Thai team as before. Filipino cheering for the 3rd comments, the Thai team, do not just give up! Competitors like Poland are really difficult to win. Send encouragement from Brazil, comment 4 wow! Poland is really strong. They have a great blog. This game, the Thai team is doing well as well. Good luck in both teams in the game. 5 It's a great competition. The Thai team tries to fight hard, but Poland is a giant wall that is hard to destroy. Comments 6. It's okay. Thailand continues! I know you are doing the best. I still support Poland as a good and excellent team. They have good fans, including being a very good host. Comments 7: Good luck with the next match. From Brazil fans Who fell in love with Thai girls 8 Congratulations to the Poland girl. You guys play well. Playing the game is the heart to overcome the opponent. And is the best way to overcome the Thai team that is smaller than us. 9 I know that the Thai team has tried to fight. They are a team that plays very courageous. Comments No. 10 is fine. Thai girls, you guys are doing very well. Continue to fight in the next game, ask Su Su !!! 11 We are still by your side. We have seen how full you are. Poland is a monster. And very strong. Comments that 12 to lose, but it's okay. Poland girl is very tall. They have a strong defensive game. Please do not give up on the Thai team. From us, Indonesian fans, comment 13, Poland under the leadership of Stefano Lavari, played with discipline in the defensive game. Emphasizing every child, both blogging and serving. On the other hand, the Thai team seems to choose the player inappropriate. They don't have a tall player to take it as a blog. Comments 14 Poland has a good coach like Lawarini. And fight with the Thai team The head of the Asian row is not difficult. I want to see them fight with a team like Japan. 15 It's a game that Poland plans to fight with high advantages. They can overcome the speed, even though Thai women are trying to fight their best, but like hit the wall that is tall and tall. 16 You can't compete with height. But if fighting with Thai women's techniques, continue to be superior to Thailand! The 17th comment, Maklena Stesey, she is truly a monster. With a height of up to 203 centimeters, Poland's game is much above the 18th comment. Poland is better than they are deserves to be the winner, but the Thai team is really full. Thailand Susu comment 19, regardless of whether the team team. Thailand will lose or win, but they play with fun in every game. We will see their smiles that impress people around the world.
Who's rising?4 Top fists "Emerald Petch VS Tawan" ONE 161 Battle|Close to every moment for the boxing partner, the Thai boxing King, the Fighter Weave, "Petch Petch Yindee Academy" and the liver challenger "Tawan Chang PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym" that will enter The World Championship Battle of the World Muay Thai Watch in the Fighter Muay 161: Emerald Petch, the sun showed live on Thursday, 29 September. To predict that the change of power over the throne of the Thai boxing Muay Thai From now on or not, Super Bon Sing Mawin (World Champion, One Featherweight Kig Boxing). Because if focusing on heavy balls like the next time, it cannot be fought for the emerald diamond. I see that this fight no one has more advantage or disadvantage. It seems like a measurement more than that day. Who can do better? "Sittichai Two siblings (ranked 5, King One Muay Thai, Featherweight) "The other party got another veteran. The opportunity to win 50 50. Maybe there is a knock. But personally cheering for the sun showing it because they know each other as brothers and sisters I will wait to watch both of them. Regardless of who wins, it won't be damaged. Anyway, Thai people have won the championship. "Nong Oh Five-star grilled chicken (World Champion of One Muay Thai Boxing) "For me, I think 50-50 is not brave enough. Because both are different in different ways If comparing the shape Both of them are equally long, for the emerald diamond. Punching, no, no, walking, walking, walking, and the sun shine is fresh. During this period, the body is good, the day is good. I do not dare to decide. I would like the fans to follow up to encourage this pair as well. "Sema Petch Fairx (No. 1, King One Muay Thai Boxing, Bantamweight). Knee and inner and also have heavy and violent weapons as well. From what I had fought with you before I know how heavy the weapon is, which the emerald Petchkot should have a good way to solve the way. But if asking for a personal view, I pour it to the sun more and believe that he will grab the world championship belt. "Fans can follow the live broadcast of one 161: the emerald vs the sun on Thursday at 29 Sep 65 via Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start at 17.00 hrs. And on Thairath TV Channel 32 at 9:30 pm.
Hilarious!Bayern closed the deal to grab the "Fukui", the young Japanese midfielder, only 18 years old.|"Southern Tiger" Bayern Munich, a giant club in the Bundesliga Germany, announced to grab the Japanese midfielder Tai Chi Fukui from Sakant to join the team with a value of 750,000 euros ( Approximately 27 million baht) with a pen to sign 2 and a half years (to June 2025), with the 18 -year -old star will travel to join the "Tiger Southern" team officially on January 1, 2023 and will be sent to play. For Bayern Munich Baek in the reserve league first. "I was worried about moving this team whether it would be in a good direction or not. Since I have not played in the J.League as much as it should be But I decided to move this team because I experience the world level in the national team competition. Under 19 years of age and make you want to develop footsteps. " Will not develop But I think that this kind of opportunity didn't easily come in I have to thank the club for taking care of me since only 10 years old. I will do my best in a new environment. I will show everyone that I grow up. And in the future, I will help the national team to win the World Cup. "The young midfielder said for the Japanese midfielder Tai Chi Fukui. Played in the J.League in 2021, has statistics to play in the J.League. All only 4 games, while this season has not yet experienced a league game at all. By being sent to play in the cup only
Good form!Thai women volleyball slapped in Croatia 3-0 World Championship 2022|The 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is hosted between 23 September - 15 October 2022, the competition in Group B, Aero Arena, Poland, Poland. The world's 14th Thai women volleyball team on the 3rd match against the Croatia national team in the world, with both teams only met once in 12 years ago in the World Championship. Which Thai girls are defeating 3-0 today. "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwatcharamethakul sent the first 6 players, consisting of Pornphan Kerd, Captain Captain, Chatch Urmoksri, Thad Dao , Handbathsuk, Pimphichaya, Gulm and Atcharaporn Kongyot, the first set of Thai girls starts to start vigorously. Although the Croat girl will use the fast ball, fast response, but cannot fight the certainty of Thai girls. Before finally being a Thai girl over 25-18 points, leading up 1-0 before the second set is also a hot Thai girl slap. Can score both from slap and blog Plus the defensive game that is stronger Making it not difficult to overcome 25-13 points, moving to 2-0. When Croatia began to catch his own slap But Thai girls still show excellence in the offensive and superior game Beat another 25-21 points, resulting in a 3-0 win from this victory. Allowing Thai girls to be the second match, increased to 5 points from 3 matches, while Croatia has no points. From all 3 losing works for the next appointment program Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet South Korean national team On Thursday 29 Sep 65 at 19:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
The real world beloved!Foreign comments"Thai female rubber ball" after the Croatia 3-0 set|3 matches have passed for the Thai female rubber team. That is currently going through the 2022 World Championship Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland, hosted by the work in Group B. The Thai girl team has already competed in 3 matches. There are 5 points from winning Turkey 3-2, losing to Poland 0-3 and the latest winning Croatia 3-0 before having a queue to duel with South Korea on Thursday 29 September. 65 Thai time. 19:00 hrs. Today we have some comments from Volleyball World at volleyball fans around the world. Talking about the game that Thai girls defeat the Croat girl with a sharp form yesterday. Let's see what they have. --------------------------------------- ANA Thai It is appropriate to be a winner from Brazil.- Taban Joshua is funny. When the Croatia team was confused about which Thai players would slap the score- Ricky Prasetyo is pleased. Great victory love from Indonesia- The Paramount Paramount Croatia The control of the area is bad. Despite the tall and heavy slap Should be able to handle the Thai team better- Cindy Espiritu, I love the Thai team. This player is very good. Expect highly- Upysza Thai cheering on the field is very cute- Munichie Farmboy is a good game for both teams. But the Thai team is better Keep fighting. Girls- AMM Maxx. Thai cheers are really everywhere. They are lively and cute. Congratulations, the Thai national team- Eko Harpanto. I am the Thai team. Standing one of the real ASEAN- Sean Bhu is pleased with the Thai team. Today, the form is cool again. Croatia is playing well.- Ruben NS are smaller than every team. But that skill is true- Arm002 Thai girls are back. The chances of the final round are very high.- Alan Ricci I am Brazil. Hope that the Thai team will play the final round. They are very charming. Both beautiful and cute Smile all the time Cheer for them. Congratulations.- Andressa Pereira, the north-class Thai team. This game- Isabella laura. Excellent. Congratulations to the Thai team. I am the Netherlands, but I really like the Thai team. You all have the heart of the winner. The smile that comes with cool points Let's be another girlfriend. Continue to look like this- Euri Mosquea I fell in love with you. Play to be happy Very fascinating Like watching a movie, hugging from Dominican- Jesus Garcia, the best Thai team Congratulations from Mexico- Tomy Tomy, Thai girl is my favorite team. I feel happy and fun every time you watch them. Can be finalized because I want to see you again. Love- Suria Gaming. Love Thai team from Nepal- Ornnyalmon. The Thai team played to smile. The coolest ------------------------------------ Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field in the 2022 World Championship Volleyball Group B On Thursday 29 Sep 65 at 19:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
"Rashford" is called Fit to focus on Manchester Darby.This Sunday|Marcus Rashford recovered from injury. Calling for a chance to come back to the field for Manchester United Football Club made a battle with Manchester City on the upcoming Sunday Premier League stage after the Red Devils attacking Arsenal 3-1 at the beginning of September. Ret Not yet involved with the England game in the UEFA Nations League in the past 2 matches (1-0 to Italy and Germany 3-3), but reports from the elite media revealed that the person may Returning to Fit Tan back to the field for Eric Ten Hak's team this weekend, there was a 24 -year -old football problem with a hamstring injury after making 2 goals for the match team to overcome. The Gunner at the Old Trafford, the person also has been nominated for the Premier League of the best player of the Premier League from the great work. Became one of the top options in Ten Hak's team this season with Antoni Marcial by squeezing Cristiano Ronaldo as a substitute in Latter
Real Madrid is hoping to grab "Bllingham" in front.|The Real Madrid Football Club of La Liga battle, Spanish, is ready to move forward in the effort to grab Judbling Ham, the roof star from Borussia Dortmund, join the army in the market. Kicking the page in front of the work from 90min, England. Previously, Bllingham was news that it has not yet been decided in the future before the Qatar World Cup 2022, which will hit the football at the end of this year. The White King of Thailand understood the attitude of the 19 -year -old, but also ready to submit an offer to allow the Los Bongosan to just be in the middle of the rising star, Eddardo, Kamaka from Ran. When the 2021 summer followed by closing the Orrelong Chu Amenee of Monaco in the past summer. But they still want a young midfielder to strengthen the army when the current contract of Keyman, Toni Kros and Luka Modrich are ending in this summer. Grammy 90min reporters revealed that even though Car's team Lo Ae Akatti will have options like Fede Rico Balberde, which has multi -purpose talent. Can play in another position in the middle of the field But they still clearly show that they want to raise the resources of the team's options by Xiu Beling Ham, joining the Santiko Bernabew, reporting that the White King moves forward. Full of the deal when sending cats to follow the development of Belingham for the past 12 months. They have also been interested in grabbing this footballer since the footballer is with Birmingham City as well. Real Madrid is one of the Big team that shows Wonder. Munding with Liverpool, Manchester United, Manchester City and Chelsea to Paris Saint-Germain, including Juventus.
"Delfin" announced the hung of the stud with only 32 years old.|Former Manchester City and Everton midfielder Fabian Delle, decided to stop playing professional football at the age of just 32 years old. Can agree with which club in the past Before finally deciding to stop playing He won the 2 Premier League and Manchester City and had previously competed in the FA Cup and the League Cup and Aston Villa. More than 200 professional players. "There is nothing. Just feel happy And congratulations on the beautiful things of the football industry that gave me I want to thank the family, friends, teammates. And the team in every club is excellent And of course, football fans who have always supported me. "However, Delt has a total of 20 British teams together.
SCOP: Before becoming Thailand Grande Prix, two -wheeled battle|It's not easy for the world competition to be held in our country. But once the opportunity was given Thailand has never disappointed. For example, in the Moto GP motorcycle battle, Thailand Grande Prix since receiving the first competition in the 2018 season to the latest season, 2022. This item is still getting more and more attention. All competitions are sold in the blink of an eye. And the accommodation must be reserved in advance for years, but until today, how is Thailand Grande Prix? Follow here Buriram. International Circuit, the beginning of the history of the concept of the Moto GP competition in our country, began to form a body. Part of the credit must be given to the Buriram International Circuit Stadium at Opened in 2014 and has been guaranteed by the world class standards from both The International Automotive Confederation (FIA) and the International Motorcycle Confederation (FIM) to be in a grade that can be organized in both the world championship or Formula One and Moto GP when the location is ready. And guaranteed by world class organizations Causing those involved, including the Thai government See the possibility of offering the greatest two -wheeled competition Because it has been analyzed that it will have a good response because sports fans are easier to access than F -One Therefore, decided to negotiate with Dornna Sports, the owner of the competition to pull Moto GP to compete in front of Thai sports fans. And achieve an agreement, including signing a 3-year contract (2018-2020) on August 31, 2017, Thailand Grand Prix 2018 with the excellence of Mark Marquez Thailand Grand Prix. Packed into the MotoGP's first competition calendar in the 2018 season, which was the 15th field. In that season, Marc Marquez, the Spanish rider of the Rapso Honda, who was chasing the 5th championship. Do great work Got 6 champions and 5 podiums before competing at Buriram International Circuit and the person did not disappoint Thai sports fans. When successfully won the championship and pouring the score away from Andrea Do Visioo, the Italian rider of the Ducati team. Before guaranteeing the world champions on the next field in Japan at the same time This program also has 4 Thai riders who have competed in homerez, which are "Ting Note" Thitiphong Warokorn, who has the right to compete for the Catlex team in Mototu and Won the 18th in the Motori model, including "Chip" Nakarin, Athirat Phuwaphat of Honda, Asian team, "Stamp" Apiwat Wongtananon of the VR 46 Master Camp and "Kong" Somkiat Chantra, who is posted on the name of AP Honda Racing Thailand, "King Kong Kong", which has the first world -class stage to compete in the surprise. Mark Marquez and the final world championship with an artificial Thailand Grande Prix 2019 in the next season, Marquez still does not stop the heat. As well as showing the world's best When winning the victory 8, the only podium was missed, the US Grande Prix, who didn't finish the competition and wanted only 2 points from the competition at Buriram for guaranteeing the 4 -time Moto GP championship, including being In the 6th period, Marquez was heavy, full of installments before overtaking Fabio Guard, the young star of the French star, the owner of the poll in the final round, winning a great championship. And is the 8th world champion, including all the classs of the person as well. Thai riders only have one competition, "Kong" Somkiat Chantra, who competed in the first full Moto Two model in Idemitsu Hon. The Asian team and grabbed the 9th place to win the 2 consecutive years. Mark Magez's disappearance, which was hurt by the pain, causing the Moto GP model to have a new world champion like Joan Mir in 2020 and Fabioard Taro in the 2021 season. However, sports fans in our country There is still good news when the government approves the renewal of the competition for another 5 years, 2021-2025, Thailand Grand Prix 2022 with the homerez of "Kong" Somkiat Chanthra, the 2022 season. Arrange the competition again And the interesting is not reduced from the first 2 times, but also increased the degree even more Because aside from the competition in the Moto GP model, with 3 riders, the rider is winning the championship, Guardra, an old French champion from the Yamaha team, Francesco Banana, the Italian racer from watching. Catti and Alex Espargaro, the Spanish racers of Aprylia, and Mark Marquez, the 6 -time champion, was still back to compete after the rest of the pain for a long time. Including just grabbing the 4th place on the latest field. The highlight is The competition in front of the Thai girlfriend of "Kong" Somkiat Chantra, the first history of the history of being a Thai rider who won the Motochew from Indonesian Grande Prix and poid again. 3 stadiums this season, so it is interesting whether Somkiat will record another history for the Thai motor sport industry or not, as well as "KK", Khemin Kubo, another Thai blood lineage under the VA team. 46 Master Camp, don't forget to join to cheer together on October 2.
Thailand vs South Korea: 2022 World Women's Volleyball Volleyball, Statistics, Live broadcast|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host of the competition between September 23 - October 15, 2022, the 14th Thai tires in the world. Winning 2 loses 1 queue. Group B meets the South Korean national team, the 25th team in the world that has lost all 3 matches. We try to look back at the last 5 matches. some Before fighting again in the early evening, Head To Head 5, the last 5 times: Thailand won 3, South Korea won 229/06/22, Thailand won South Korea 3-0 set (Nations League) 26/05/21. Thailand lost to South Korea 1-3 set (Nation League) 12/01/20 South Korea won Thai 3-0 set (Olympic Qualifying Round) 29/05/19 South Korea lost 1-3 sets (Nations League) 29/ 09/18 South Korea lost 2-3 sets (World Championship) for Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet South Korean national team On Thursday 29 Sep 65 at 19:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Polis Tero chase the Port Authority 2-2 Thai League.|Thai League 2022/2023 (Wednesday) Wednesday 28 September 2022 Poly Tero FC 2-2 Port Authority FC Sanam: Thunder Dome Stadium at Thunder Dome Stadium, the Thai League 2022/2023, start the game. Continue in the 39th minute. Polis Tero FC brings 1-0 Port Authority from Wu Keun Young, but more than 1 player left. After the 60th minute, the Port Authority of FC came to the goal 1-1 from the rhythm of Theerasak revealed Phimai, making a bounce with Bodin Phala before the ball arrived. This is strong through the hands of Sinthawee Chai Hathai Rattanakul, entering the 81st minute. The Port Authority of FC came to overtaken from the rhythm of Bodin Phala, waiting for the rhythm and allowing Supanan Burirat to run back to the back of the Polyis. ROFC before deciding to shoot with the right through Sinthawee Chai Hathairattrakul, but the 90+4 minutes Poly Tero FC has a rival goal from the rhythm of Isaac Honnie, accepting the ball from a friend first. Rocking to avoid Worawut Srisupha and shot to Polytro FC, rival, Port FC 2-2, the real 11 names, Poly Tero FC: Sinthawee Chai Hathai Rattanakul, Sanchai Nontasila, Chang Masak Akkhi, Chanukul Gaarin, Wu Keun Young, Sorawit Phan Thong, Lesley Abbh, Nanphon Suksai, Yosak Chaowana, Isaac Honny, Bao Mark Landy Pier FC: Worawut Srisupha, Tita Sarorn Aksorn, Pakorn Premphak, Thanaboon Kesarat, Neca Pinto, Bodin Phala, Theerasak revealed Phimai, Supanan Burirat, Air Tuachasi, Frans Puras, David Rochela
Important games!Revealing the next round of"Thai women volleyball" before the Korean action today|Arrived at the 4th match for the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland to host the competition between September 23 - October 15, 2022, as Thai rubber fans know that Our female slap has done excellent work in Group B. By defeating Turkey 3-2, losing to Poland 0-3 and collapsing Croatia 3-0, resulting in 5 points in the 4th place of the group at the moment, which in this round will select the top 4 of the group to play in the round. Divide the group 16, the final team. That makes the Thai rubber army have a very high chance of getting a ticket. When viewing from the current score table and the remaining 2 matches, the conditions of Thai women will guarantee 1 of the 4 best teams of this group. Able to guarantee the competition today, that is, "Thailand wins South Korea and Croatia to lose Turkey" because it will result in South Korea and Croatia lose 4 matches in 2 teams that immediately eliminated. The final program that Thai women will meet with Domini Republic will not affect the finalists. But will only affect the ranking in the group for Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet South Korean national team On Thursday 29 Sep 65 at 19:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Drama!Crocore media, wrinkled after losing the Thai girl slap team, "Ama", the middle blog without arguments.|Gleaning after the World Women's Volleyball Championship, 2022, where the 14th Thai team in the world won the world's 22nd Croatia team in the world with 3-0 set with 25-18, 25-13 and 25-21 points yesterday. This, after the game of the Amatra, the middle blog of the Croatt team. Gave an interview after the competition that "We should really lose. The atmosphere in the team is very sad. But must admit that the Thai team is better than us. "" This is a big tournament If wanting to get a better competition We need more experiences. We have 2 more games to fight and we will continue to do it. "In addition There is still a small drama. When the famous media of Croatia, Jutarnji (Jutarnji) shows a lot of disappointment to the form of the Croat team. Now losing all 3 matches, having the opportunity to hug the neck of the South Korean national team, which works badly as well. With the importance of translation into Thai as follows ... "Lost in the 3rd match in the World Championship Group B, we lost to Thailand 0-3 sets with a relatively bad form. Our team played like a person without energy and unconscious. Even before the game started, the Thai team continued to follow the mat. " Causing the average height in the field to increase But starting the game, we followed first There is a closest when the score is 4-4 people. The highest side of the Thai team is 184 cm, but they use the speed to attack us comfortably. Thai defensive games are good. We do not compare. "" The Thai girl hit the first 25-18. After that, then continue to chase down in the set. Which is a set that we just score up to lead once, still can't do The game ended that the Thai team won the 25-13 coach to solve the game by changing many times. But the result is not successful. "" The third set is quite similar. With a stroke stopped at 14-14, but in the end, the Thai girl slapped only 4 points away Before defeating us by another 25-21, the score is completely closed. "" It turns out that we lost the play of this Asian girl without excuses. Excellent protection and various attacks quickly and quickly 12 years ago in the World Championship in Japan Croatia lost to Thailand like this. With a broken score 0-3 sets (15-25, 14-25, 17-25) "" Sagan Thafabris played the best in our team with 13 points from 30 attacks, but the Thai team has Slap to choose more than 7 players that are ready to score at any time, including blog as well. In addition, the hit by itself is not as much as our team. "
"Sutin Bua Tum" announced the injection of 4 hundred thousand if the host of Kuwait|"Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, the Thai national futsal team manager Announcing the injection before the game "AFC Futsal Asian Cup2022" Group A Group, the second futsal team, the Thai national team will meet the Kuwait national team today (29 Sep 65) at 23.55 hrs. By revealing before the game, "The second match is a very important game. We will meet the host, which is a strong and cheering team from the fans. As for the Thai national team, you must concentrate on your strength and pressure on the field. Believe that even though it is our game that is not easy But is confident in all the staff members of the staff that we can pass Would like to invite Thai brothers and sisters to cheer Including Thai people in Kuwait Who came to cheer on the field, asking to send a lot of encouragement to encourage the Thai Futsal team. "" In the injection, it is still the same. Thanks to it again for Sun Rice Innovation Company Limited, Giffarine Unity Line Company Limited by Phaya Nalinee Paiboon, Dracharat Dragon Kanok, Poom Adisak Benjasiriwan, President. Futsal, which I always emphasize with the players that we come to represent Thailand to play for the Thai nation and hope that the Thai Futsal team will create happiness for Thai people again in this game. " The second of the Thai Futsal team will find the host of the Kuwait national team. Thursday, September 29, 256 at 23:55 hrs. In Thailand, live broadcast on AIS Play Eleven1.
Ready to compete seriously!Diamond Food captures "Rasamee" to sign a professional volleyball player (picture).|Create a smile and wade through the entertainment industry for 7 years for a good -tempered actor "Rasamee Fa Fah Yok", both the host, drama and movie, but there is another dream that the person is accomplished is Being a professional athlete today (29 Sep 65) Rasamee Fa Fah supports the dream to follow the dream after "Decha Suwalak", the President of Diamond Food-Fine Sports Club, see the glitter and determination. Signed a contract as a professional volleyball player, with Rasamee revealed that he was crazy about volleyball and following since childhood. As well as having the opportunity to practice with the national women's volleyball team Until met Elder De and was approached, so immediately accepted for those who saw it as a star and will come to play laughing or not? Rasamee told him equal to other athletes. Must be selected by the team coach to play as talented Which he is serious, both dividing the time in the entertainment industry, setting a life schedule for practicing with the team And must inform the husband "Jonas Palmberg", please throw in another dream, which he understands and supports the age of 36 years. Because he exercised regularly Including the dehydration of the body that had previously collapsed to the hospital, it has no effect and takes good care of themselves, including sports scientists It is also lucky and comfortable with the world -class female volleyball players, so there is a consultant to give advice by radius and enter the first match of 1 November. Would like to help each other to cheer on Thai male volleyball players as well Because after he touched Every athlete is dedicated and sacrificed for both personal and life time in every competition.
"Culu Chef Sky" is satisfied with the back of the form of Spurs praising "Conte" is the top coach.|The Spurs's Swedish wing Chef Chef Chef Chef Swedish praised Antonio Conte. His big boss is the best player that he has ever worked with. After making him happy with the football again, the 22 -year -old year, signed an 18 month contract with an option to buy from Juventus, working with Spurs in the market in January. And doing great work. To this day, he has already done 6 goals. 11 at the SEist from 29 games that played. "I was not happy at the time when Juventus didn't enter me. And the proposal Spurs came in It is a good choice to have the opportunity to work with Antonio Conte when I play in Italy. I tried hard, but the work was not what I wanted. But now I have played football that I want to play Have worked harder And it was much better with the work. Conte told me that I had to believe in him. He is the person who stimulates the players like never seen from anyone before. His words are very buried in my heart. "Spurs Prepare to play in the Premier League game. The next game meets Arsenal in the London War Game on October 1, 2022 at 18.30 hrs.
"Vardy" with the real return!Leicester opens the house to receive the forest, the media expect the future destiny "Rodgers"|Leicester City received the good news after Jamie Vardy, the main team striker of the team, ready to play in an important game, meeting Ham Forest in the Premier League. This weekend, Leicester City is still the only team. In the Premier League that has not won anyone this season. Only one point However, knotting ham Forest is not better. They are ranked in 19, only 4 points. And that makes this game become a game between the final team of the league Meet the final team of the competition table. It is also the Derby (East Midlands Derby). With the first meeting of both teams in 20 years, Leicester City has a bad performance in the last two games. They lose 11 goals. While Vardy Play as a backup both games And only entered the field in the last 15 minutes The 35 -year -old spearhead still doesn't have a score for the team this season. Leicester City has been news in the past week about the situation of Brendan Rodgers that it may be his final opportunity with. Working here If the team is not able to win in the upcoming game, with the name of the former Daizer, the Burnley manager In the news for Leicester City, if wanting to change the team manager
Ghost fans (?)!"Magkior" implies the action of Manchester this Sunday.|Harry McGuire, Manchester United's back content, fighting for Manchester Dow, Duel Manchester City this Sunday. After reporting that the injury from serving the British national team, the 29 -year -old was starting to be the true player of Gareth Southgate throughout the 90 minutes in the game that the lion army roared. The Italian national team 0-1 in Sanziro, continues with the opening of the WEMLY nest with The Germany national team 3-3 on the UEFA Nations League last week, while the club's work Referred to the position of Lisan Dor Martinez Center Back, at the Eric Ten Hak coach, throwing around 57 million pounds, grabbing from Ajax Amsterdam when the Summer football market at Passed by pairing with Rafael Van in the backback panel. The latest report stated that McGuis returned from the national team camp with muscle injuries. Causing the opportunity to enter the field this weekend still have to wait for the final evaluation again Referred to have received a boo from the British football fans in the latest game since before the ball began. And create a mistake of 2 out of 3 goals for the steel warrower
Wait to follow!"Vice President Barca" revealed that he has the right to sign for free "Messi".|Edwu Romoo Woo, Vice President of the Barcelona Football Club of La Liga, Spain, shows that it is possible at Azulgrana. Will be able to grab Lionel Messi Star, Argentina, Paris Saint-Germain Returning to the chamber again in the 2023 Messee Farewell Barca in 2021 in the midst of the financial crisis of Catalan. With a statement saying goodbye to Star Argentin's tears Before the pen to move to play for PSG, free agent The current contract of the Ligue Championship team is about to end in the 2023 summer. The report states that Messi plans to make a decision in his future again after the Qatar World Cup 2022 by Romeu announced. Clear attitude that Barca has financial liquidity that can move forward in the plan to grab the legend of the old team to return to another battle. "It has financial possibility. Because he will become a free agent player during that period, "Vice President Barcelona revealed to El Matideat Da Talunya Radio." But the decision must be based on the coach and the staff. touch It doesn't depend on me alone. But of course it is possible Although I do not have a capital assessment number in this deal. "" He is a symbol of the club. We are always his home. But it will be a technical decision consisting of if he pulled him back. "
Lack of every set!Thai women volleyball collapsed South Korea 3-0 World Championship 2022|The 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is hosted between 23 September - 15 October 2022, the competition in Group B, Aero Arena, Poland, Poland. The world's 14th Thai volleyball team on the 4th match against South Korean national team in the world's 25th in the world. Today, "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwatcharamethakul sent the first 6 players, consisting of Pornphan Kerd Prachit, the captain, the team. Schchu Moksri, Thad Dao Kidjai, Handbathsuksuk, Pimphichaya Gulm and Atcharaporn Kongyot, the first set of Thai girls played as the heroine. When chasing the score and blog creates a lot of opportunities than Korean girls Before defeating by 25-13 points, leading 1-0, the second set is still a Thai female tire that is more sharp, both in the offensive and accepting rhythm. In the end of the urgent coach, many backups came down to stretch the line. Before closing the game for another 25-15 points. Thai moves away from South Korea to 2-0. The three sets of the game are no different. Thai girls today, slapped the score sharp. It is also more determined in the defensive game. Beat another 25-14 points. Victory beautifully 3-0. Set from this victory. Allowing Thai girls to be the 3rd match, increased to 8 points, hit the ticket to the 16th group stages, and South Korea has no scores. From all 4 matches, it is definitely eliminated for the next appointment program. Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet The national team of Dominican Republic On Saturday 1 Oct 65 at 19:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
The world's beloved!Foreign comments"Thai female rubber ball" after the game attacks South Korea (picture)|4 matches have passed for the Thai female rubber team. In the 2022 World Championship Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland, the hosts together with the work in Group B. The Thai girl team has already competed in 4 matches. There are 8 points from winning Turkey 3-2, losing to Poland 0-3, winning Croatia 3-0 and the latest winning South Korea 3-0. Finally, today we have some comments from Power Volleyball, where volleyball fans around the world talk about the game that Thai girls defeat the girl in Kimchi with a sharp form. Let's see what they have. ------------------------------- ----- eko Harpanto Idol, Thai team The best spirit and play. Pornphan plays very well. Set number 1 in ASEAN and Asia. Mikey. Boy, I am a Canadian people who live in Thailand. You guys are really proud! Niloud ChMN is also pleased with the Thai team. You are good at many of Laos, Chris Ludlam. Forms again from happiness, talent, skills from the Thai team, the Korean team fought with spirit. Good luck in the next round Take the determination to defeat the Domini Republic. Hopefully Korea will win Croatia as well. Encourage both Arnold Medina I am the Philippines. But love the discipline and determination of the Thai team that wants to overcome all the participating programs. The pride of ASEAN Hope you guys will get to the deep round. Teach us the Philippines with Pak Yoo Jung, the Korean team fighting fully, but not enough of Park Jung-ah, who scores I am not blame for you to play lower than the standard. But we have to develop a lot Congratulations to the Thai team, especially Pimphichaya, who played very well and met again. From Korea, Theodore, the stop of the national team of Kim (Yeon-Kyung) is shaking the Korean team to find the court. Very clear I hope you will be able to throttle the form soon. Nathan 刘 I am a Chinese person, but I like the Thai team very much. Smile, happiness, overflowing, you are happy. I am happy. This game is very good. Go to another Rami Da. Wow, Thai team. I love you. I hope that the Korean team will be stronger. May everyone have a good encouragement. A Part of Judi Thai girl is the magic of the world volleyball industry. This game is very awesome. Willy Cheer Sports = Entertainment + Happiness + Friendship = Not War. This is the way of the Thai team. Bella is very fun. Thailand and Korea Fight to the full Red TRANCE to the Thai girl team .. I love it very much from Italy Jonathan. Funnell saw the Thai team playing. This is why I love volleyball, both the heart of the Thai Gaarakashi, developed every year. Previously, Turkey, Croatia, great. NC, the Thai team fought with the skill and spirit of athletes. After losing to Poland They returned beautifully by winning Croatia and South Korea. Duy Tần Kim (Yeon-Kyung) stopped playing the national team and took it all. Front game and tournament Hopefully the Korean team will improve. Manghaka I am Indian. But congratulations on the happiness and smiles of Thai girls Please be excellent like this forever. Love everyone. JV Tismo Pornphan is the best set. Continue to continue the Thai team. We admire the humility and skill. From the Philippines Kevin Smith saw Korea playing and sad. They have won Thailand and go to the Olympics. But now it really falls a lot. ---------------------------------------- For Next appointment program Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet The national team of Dominican Republic On Saturday 1 Oct 65 at 19:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
"Moto GP rider" is not afraid of rain!"Guard Tararo" is confident that the work is great, "Marquez" would like to meet Thai fans.|Moto GP rider explores the Chang Chang Circuit in the rain before the boiling "OR Thailand Grande Prix" this weekend. While the favorite, the world champion is confident. "Typhoon Noro" does not affect the French French World Championship from Monster Yamaha. It creates excellent work, whether it rains or not while Mark Marquez, an old champion. 2 times when Thailand hopes on the next group Begging Thai fans to meet quickly Dorna Sports and the organizing department join forces to go through the storm, the rain is heavily prepared. To Big Event, the number one sports motorcycle event in the world that everyone has been waiting for for more than 2 years is about to explode the big last movement. On Thursday 29 September Of the battle of the Moto GP World Championship, MotoGP 2022, 17, OR Thailand Grande Prix, directly from the International Circuit Stadium, Buriram, which is in the day for the traffic. set And prepare before officially entering the program, the overall atmosphere has pouring down throughout the day from the influence of "Typhoon Noro", in which 100 world -class riders join in various classes, including MotoGP, Motoche and Motosi, they have to do hard homework. By doing the Track Walk activity, explore the track of the Chang International Circuit to collect data for the competition, while there is a press conference to enter the OR Thailand Grande Prix, with 4 riders. Who won the World Championship, MotoGP 2022, gave an interview to the media led by Fabio Garcar, the French world champion from Monster Yamaha, Francesco Bunyaya, an Italian challenger from Ducati Leno, team, Alech Espararo, Spiritist from Aprylia Racing and Ena Bastia, an Italian rider from Graceini Race. Racing without worrying about the weather And believe that the race will be able to proceed smoothly The crowd on the reward table said "I'm not worried about the weather at all. Whether the track is dry or wet, I think we will do well. There are only 1 and 2 sectors that I should have a problem. I am very happy that we are going to twist at Buriram as the next field. Because it was a stadium that was quite good for me and Yamaha. I grabbed the second place in Thailand Grand Prix last time in 2019. To return to stand on the podium again on this field. "While Mark Marquez, the 8 -time world champion, the Spanish people from Rapso Honda, the first 2 winner of Thailand Grande. Rez said, "My intention is still the same, ending the weekend, like in Japan. Of course, I want to fight in the front group like Motogi, but I don't think it will be as Expected. "" It's not the main goal. We have here to strengthen again. I have great memories here from 2018 and 2019, especially in our visit. (Won the 8th World Championship) I can hardly wait to meet the fans. Thai people. "In addition, 2 Thai riders in Mototu," Kong "Somkiat Chantra from Ideitsu Honda, the Asian team and" KKSang "Khemt Kubo from Yamaha VR 46 Master Camp is also preparing hard for the homerez Somkiat competition, "The competition in front of the fans Thai people in their hometown It is a great thing. I aim to improve the work. And the goal is to fight to win Podium. "Khemint said," I'm very happy to come back to compete in the world at our home. I expect to do better work. Especially in the homerez that has been twisted in front of the fans Thai people " The preparation of various plans to accommodate hundreds of thousands of viewers who will travel to the event. Still proceeding continuously Which is a hard work in all sectors To welcome tourists And Motorsport fans from around the world to come to see the competition this weekend, Mr. Thachakorn Hathayakul, Governor of Buriram Province As the host of the event, the meeting of the Flood Flood Command Center To monitor the situation and help the people affected by the storm under the dust "No Roo" by the local government organization together with the district to prepare The pump is installed to help pump drainage in the affected area. Explore the amount of water in the creek area. Water out of the road and the flooded area, damaged, mobilizing officials Accelerate dredging, obstacles, weeds and water hyacinths that depend on the canal. And various creek Around Buriram city In order to open the waterway to flow conveniently Prevent water to flood the city Including following the water situation closely 24 hours
Blue Wave Chon Buri launches "Lucas Fretus" Brazil national team.|Blue Wave Club, Chon Buri announced the launch of the Lucas Fretus, the Brazil, the Copa U 17 national team, join the chase to the Blue Wave Club, Chon Buri announced to grab Lucas Fretus. The Brazilian national team star, Copa U 17, has been officially joined the army as another 1 in the main force. In chasing success to the club, Lucas Fretus has signed and launched with Mr. Benjamin Jung Tuffon, the club's director. Already On Wednesday (28 September) at the meeting room within the club for 22 -year -old, working with Andrebia, the head of the Brazilian coach of Blue Wave Chon Buri during the Corinthi. The 2016 season has passed the Brazil national team. The age of 17 years and won the Copa America 2016, his latest club, Intelly, won the Lega Paulista 2020 before farewell to the club in the 2022 season. LNF (the highest league of Brazil) in the round of scores before being eliminated in 16 teams in the Play of In which the players will wear the number 87 shirt to the field for the "small desk shark" in this 2nd leg
Kasemrad Hospital, Vientiane, 1 year, arranged-running with "Toon Body Slam"|Mr. Kantaporn Hanpanich, Executive Director And the President of the Marketing Department, Bangkok Shane Hospitol Public Company Limited is the president of the press conference to organize a walk -running the charitable mini -Run. There are actors, actors Cheek Dent-Priyada Sittachai, FIFA-Prem Anan Sri Phanit and May-Pitchanat Branch attended this event on the 11th floor, Kasemrach Chuen Hospital on 29 September, passed the administrative committee. And the President of the Marketing Department, Bangkok Shane Hospitol Public Company Limited said that Kasemrad Hospital International Vientiane is determined to provide public care services, Thai and foreigners. Under the vision of being a reliable matical hospital in the Lao People's Democratic Republic (Sor Por. Lao) and the Mekong Sub -region. With health services in accordance with international standards There are modern medical equipment. Including experienced medical personnel Resulting in a good response to customers' expectations And is also one of the options for patients who need to travel to medical treatment abroad On the occasion of the 1 year anniversary on August 19, 2022, the hospital wishes to pass on the poor patients in Laos PDR. Under the name of "Kasem Ran: First Anne Nirisari Kasemrak "" For this special, in addition to the charity-running and running, there is also a campaign "Run with Toon to watch the Body Slam concert, pass on the poor patients" led by Mr. Athiwara Kong. Malai or "Toon Body Slam" that will come to join this charity run Along with the concert of the Body Slam band It is the first step of Kasemrad Hospital. International Vientiane and the first step of Toon Body Slam in Vientiane Which is a step to breath for neighboring patients in Laos PDR. The total income after deduction will be donated to the Ministry of Public Health, Laos PDR. It is also promoting and publicizing culture and places. Important To stimulate the economy Promote tourism To build good relations between the public and private sectors for Thailand and Laos PDR as well, "said Kanthaporn for walking -running activities. Kasemrak " -Run with Toon, watch the Body Slam concert, pass the merit to the poor patients" will be held on November 5, 2022, in the midst of a beautiful landscape of Vientiane. With the beginning of Kasemrad Hospital International Vientiane and ending at Bueng That Luang This charitable mini marathon activity is divided into categories, divided into 1. Distance running 4-5 kilometers (no competition). Application fee is 500 baht. Receive shirt+BIB+concert 2. distance 10 kilometers, unlimited, male-female models, application fees 750 baht. Receive shirts+BIB+Over All Concert, Rank 1, Award 10,000 baht, Over All 2, 7,000 baht, and Over All 3rd. 5,000 baht prize money. 3. VIP card. Application fee is 1,000 baht for beautiful BIB numbers (can choose to run). Receive VIP shirts and are entitled to enter the VIP zone. Concerts are interested in passing the merit for poor patients. Lao PDR is ready to step with Toon Body Slam in Vientiane. Can apply from today - 15 October 2022 via www.race.thai.run/kasemrun, Kasemrad Hospital International Vientiane, Vientiane Center, Park Sun. Follow more details and apply at: www.kasemrun.com or www.race.thai.run/kasemrun
The Thai Futsal followed the 2-2 kuwait. Win the final match.Asian Futsal Champion|The battle "AFC FUTSAL Asian Cup 2022" Group A Group Available in the second match at Sapa Al Abdullah Hall Kuwait City, 29 September 2022 at 23.55 hrs. The game between the Thai national team meets the Kuwait national team. The host of this game has "Big Plop" Adisak Benjasiriwan. Vice President of the Football Association of Thailand Futsal and the beach football along with "Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, the Thai Futsal team manager Send cheering on the edge of the field Among the Thai fans in Kuwait, who came to cheer for more than 100 people, the first game, the first game, Thailand won 3-2, while Kuwait won Oman 7-2. The first 5 people have this game. Carlos Sezar laids 5 real. Tathan Han Khampha (GK), Panas Kitti Phanuwong, Warut Wangamal, Sara Wutaphapapruek and Narongsak invoiced the game for 7 minutes. Thai came out to lead from the rhythm of Sarawut Phapruek, pressed with the right-tiered bacteria to Thailand before 1-0. From the rhythm of Saleh Alphadel, it dropped alone before dipped into the score at 1-1 and ending the first half with this score and 28 minutes. From the rhythm of the kick-in at Abdullaziz Albazam, ran to jing with the right to the host 2-1 and 36 minutes. Power Playpacked at Wang Wang Samel to pay Krit Aranyasaklak Shot into the score evenly 2-2 The remaining periods have no additional goals. The game has ended 2-2, causing both teams to have 4 points equal, but the goal has lost a Kuwait better than 5 Thai goals, plus 1 goal to win the final match in the final match. The final group stage of the Thai Futsal team will find the Oman national team on Saturday 1 October 256 at 21.00 hrs. In Thailand, live broadcast on AIS Play, Eleven1, Futsal, Asian Cup 2022, Group A team. The competition can win. -Lost 1 Kuwait 2 1 1 0 +5 42. Thai 2 1 1 0 +1 43. Iraq 2 1 0 1 +4 34. Oman 2 0 0 2 -10 0
Vice P. Barca Yam has the right to sign for free "Messi" returns the Summer 2023|Edwu, Rome Woo, Vice President of the Barcelona Football Club of the Spanish La Liga battle, shows that it is possible that the Azul Grana army will be able to grab Lionel Messa. Argentina national team under Paris Saint-Germain returns to the Camp's nest again in 2023 Messea, Barca, 2021, in the midst of the financial crisis of Catalan, with a statement saying goodbye. Targe Argentine before the pen to play to play for free pens. The current contract of the Ligue Championship team is about to end in the 2023 summer. The report states that Messi plans to make a decision in his future again after the Qatar World Cup 2022 by Romeu announced. Clear attitude that Barca has financial liquidity that will be able to move forward in the plan to grab the legend of the old team again. "It has financial possibility because he will become a free agent in the range. As mentioned, "Vice President Barcelona revealed to the El Matidedekataya Station", but the decision must depend on the coach team and the players. It doesn't depend on me alone. But of course, it is possible, even though I don't have a funding number in this deal. "" He is a symbol of the club. We are always his home. But it will be a technical decision consisting of if he pulled him back. "
"Magraire" is hilarious.Manchester DarbyThis Sunday|Harry McGuis Center Back Manchester United Football Club has fought through the city. Manchester Darby Duel Manchester City in the English Premier League football game This Sunday, after the 29 -year -old defender faced the problem of injuries from serving the national team. England McGuire Standing out to start as a real servant in the team of Gareth Southgate throughout the 90 minutes in the game that the lion rocks to go to Italy 1-0 at Sanziro, followed by the opening of the Weelie's nest. Always with Germany 3-3 on the UEFA Nations League last week, while the club's work Referred to the new Lisan Dor Martinez Center back at Eric Tenhak, investing around 57 million pounds, grabbing from Ajax when the football market trading The past summer paired with Rafael Van in the backback panel, the latest report stated that McGuis returned from the national team camp with muscle injuries. Causing the chances of Etihad Stadium. This weekend still has to wait for the evaluation until the last minute. Referred to the booing from the Tree Lions fans in the latest game since before the ball began to compete. And create a mistake of 2 out of 3 goals for the iron eagle and match in Weelie as well.
"Coach Sessar" chopped after the game of the team was limited by judging!|After the AFC Futsal Asian Cup 2022, the Thai national team always Kuwait, 2-2 Carlos, Carlos, Thai national team manager. Said, "The two teams played very well, fighting with fun. Kuwait also has a good game. However, we are limited to playing, making it impossible to play freely. Must be played carefully because the judge's judgment "" is a match that the Arab nation is kicking, but the two referees who blow from both Arab I do not understand why this referee has been organized like this. "The final group of the Thai Futsal team will find the Oman national team on Saturday 1 October 256, at 21.00 hrs. In Thailand, live broadcast on AIS Play. Eleven1 channel
Super boiling!"Tawan" slashing "Emerald Petch", Swiss the World Championship One Muay Thai|Tawan Chang PK Saenchai Muay Thai, 23 -year -old boxing, the 1st challenger, became the World Champion of One Muay Thai, a new Fighter Muay Thai, after the 5 ends to win the emerald diamond points. Fun with the major pair of the "Petchkot" program. The world championship belt is the 4th Fighter Muay Thai. Put it together Like no one to agree Take turns to attack both the outside and inner circle. Playing with people watching each other without breathing all over the stomach But the conclusion of the committee agreed to "Tawan Chang" as the winner of the consensus. Snatched the belt as he was determined, while the other two representatives of Thailand were successful by "Saeng Manee PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym" Night of the Arena of one year. "Both of them settle down closely 3, so the judges have a broken voice to" Saeng Manee "winning the score, not unanimous, 2 to 1, the new one, the red label" Ferrari Fairx ", first launched, met a big competitor" Nuea Yao "can't make the weight of the bante model. Therefore moving the model in the middle to a bigger feather But how big it is The Thai boxer can clearly control the game for 3. Therefore, there is no doubt with the unanimously to raise the first "Ferrari" to win the first prince. Used to compete for a kick boxing belt, since this time "Alaverdee". The overall picture is both trap and attacking heavily. Causing the Thai fighter to come out to the end of the game at the end of the game 3, "Alaverdee" won the score, not unanimous. Screened PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym Win the universal point of the emerald Petch Yindee (Fighher Wate Muay Thai World Championship)- Roman Craig Crocke, winning TKO Kuoo Sente, 0.52 for the first lift (Kik Boxing World Grand Prix, Heavy WeVate)- Iraja Aziz Por won the unanimous point of Bruno Chavess (Kick Boing World Grand Prix, Heva Votes)- Seiyid Izaka F. Won the unanimous score of Jang Li (MMA Lightweight) -Tiffany, won the submitsul, Ritufa, 4:52, first lifting (MMA Atomic version)-Umar Khan won TKO Baht Gaza FF at 2:15 minutes. The two pairs imported. Phet Yindee Academy -Saengmanee PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym Won the score, not unanimous, Zhang Cheng Long (Muay Thai Boxing Bantamweight) -Ferrari Fairtex won the unanimous score. Win the sub-music rut, carry a minute at 0:15, first lifting (wrestle, the Bantamweight model)-Ali Fosy won Knock Matheus Philpei, the 4th minute. : 20 first lifting (MMA Middleweight)
"Tong Sit Choi" paired with the best friend "Nu Dao Dung" won the 40 -year -old world championship.|Create a world often for "Tong Sit Choi" or Wattana, who has been in the past, fun, the world's 3rd platform, paired with a best friend "Nu Dao Dung", Noppadon Naphachon, former worldly amateur champion. Snooker competition, World Master, Snooker team, Pianchip 2022 in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia, in the Master Course Category "Tong Sit Choi" and "Nu Dao Dua", passed to the finals before defeating the couple of the queue from Iraq with score 4-0, frame 103-0, 77- 16, 63-15 and 104-9 win the world championship successfully.
Boiling, waiting!"Tawan Chang" sitting in the podium of the Muay ThaiNew featherweight model|It was waiting for the ONE 161: Emerald Petch VS Tawan on Thursday evening, 29 Sep 65. It appears that "Tawan Chang PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym" Old Champion "Phet Ramkhet Diamond Cademi "goes the best. Going to the Royal Thai Muay Thai The new red label, while "Saeng Manee" and "Ferrari" can victorious to win home as well. The number one challenger of the force "Tawan Chang", the overall picture of 5 raised both weapons, put together Like no one to agree Take turns to attack both the outside and inner circle. Playing with people watching each other without breathing all over the stomach But the conclusion of the committee agreed to "Tawan Chang" as the winner of the consensus. Snatched the belt as he was determined, while the other 2 representatives of Thailand were successful by "Saengmanee PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym" Night of the One -year -old Arena in 2 years, found a strong competitor from the Local Lin "Zhang Cheng Long "Both of them settle down closely 3, so the judges have a broken voice to" Saeng Manee "winning the score, not unanimous, 2 to 1, the new one, the red label" Ferrari Fairx ", first launched, met a big competitor" Nuea Yao "can't make the weight of the bante model. Therefore moving the model in the middle to a bigger feather But how big it is The Thai boxer can clearly control the game for 3. Therefore, there is no doubt with the unanimously to raise the first "Ferrari" to win the first prince. Used to compete for a kick boxing belt, since this time "Alaverdee". The overall picture is both trap and attacking heavily. Causing the Thai fighter to come out to the end of the game at the end of the game 3, "Alaverdee" won the score, not unanimous. Screened PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym Win the universal point of the emerald Petch Yindee (Fighher Wate Muay Thai World Championship)-Roman Craig Crocke, winning TKO Kuoo Sente, 0.52 for the first lift (Kik Boxing World Grand Prix, Heavy WeVate)-Iraja Aziz Por won the unanimous score of Bruno Chavess (Kik Boxing World Grand Prix )-Seiid Izaka F, won the unanimous score, Zhang Li (MMA Lightweight)-Tiffany, won the sub-music, Ritu Faccate at 4:52 first round. (MMA Atomic Model)-Umar Khan won TKO Baht Gaza FF at 2:15 minutes. Pitan Phet Yindee Academy -Saengmanee PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym Won the score, not unanimous, Zhang Cheng Long (Muay Thai Boxing Bantamweight)-Ferrari Fairtex won the unanimous score. Win the sub-music rut, carry a minute at 0:15, first lifting (wrestle, the Bantamweight model)-Ali Fosy won Knock Matheus Philpei, the 4th minute. : 20 first lifting (MMA Middleweight)
Want to know each other all!Open the warp "Lee D-Hyun" Angel Wonder, think of South Korean rubber balls (pictures)|Although not able to help the team to win over the Thai female rubber team But last night, Lee D-Hyun became a talk among Thai volleyball fans. When he saw the bright, cute, shining through the live screen for Da-Hyun, the rising star of the media and fans. In his hometown since 2019, she was under the Suwon Hyundai Hill State Club in the South Korean Rubber Luk Rubber Battle before being cited as a wonderful girl of Kimchi. After being drafted in the league in the 2019/20 season as the first 2nd draft, before taking the team to win the Cow Cup Cup in 2021, the beautiful girl, the owner of 185 cm, was born on the 11th. November 2001, currently 21 years old, playing in the middle blog position. But can not slap the score as second to none And has the name of the South Korean national team since last year, Da-Hyun Was posed as a core in the South Korean national team In which she plays volleyball as a former slap mother Which aside from the talent of the rubber ball, D-Hyun also has English language ability to help friends in the communication team with Sausar Enen Diz Gondazalez coaches of the Spanish team as well. Would like to follow the work and cute pictures of Ea-Hyun, followed by Instagram Dahyeon_1111
Slap the world!FIVB lifting "Pim Pichaya" outstanding form, bringing Thai girls to the final (picture)|After being an important force for the Thai female slap to overcome the South Korean national team impressively in the 2022 World Championship last night, the latest Volleyball World website of the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) offers this competition news. As well as praising the form of "Beam" Pimpichaya Gulm's hand slapped the head of the Thai national team that was outstanding until the team won the final 16 groups. Can be Thai that "Thailand has passed the finalists and Pimpichaya made 21 points to take the team to win South Korea 3 sets in a row." "Today we play with happiness and try to enjoy the game. If we are too stressful, it will negatively affect both our team and the competition. "" It's great to win and pass the next round. We will try to win again. But first is We still have another game to play. And we will do our best Tomorrow we have a while We will focus on the next rehearsal, "said the 24 -year -old girl, said for Pimphichaya 54 points in this world championship. And will be the main force of the Thai young tires on the field to meet with the Dominican national team On Saturday 1 Oct 65 at 19:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Important every issue!"Nevin Chidchob" long casting in the heart of Moto GP this weekend|Nevin Chidchob, President of Buriram United Football Club and President of Sanam Chang International Sergit Revealed via Facebook fan page "Uncle Ne Win" about the important week of the Buriram and Thailand that are about to organize "OR Thailand Grande Prix" during October 1-2 by There is a message that Welcome all visitors of Buriram. Thank you to everyone who came to visit Buriram. And hope that everyone Will have a good experience, always happy to live in Buriram province. The return of Moto GP to the Chang International Circuit Stadium on September 30 to October 2 is a signal to Motorsport fans. And tourists all over the world that Buriram and Thailand are ready to accept tourists. And everyone can live normally that Buriram Buriram will return to be a destination that Motorsport fans Tourists all over the world are pinned and traveled to check in. From today onwards Tourist spending All visitors Will make Buriram city Come back to life The business will return to grow and grow again. I believe that the growth of Buriram After today onwards Will be a sustainable growth Because of international confidence To the public health measures of Thailand and our good friendship, good friendship As the host Returning to the Chang International Circuit of the leading racing cars and the world's top racers in the GRANDPRIX 2022 is a beautiful leading Thailand. And healthy Returning to the eyes of more than 1,000 million people in over 200 countries that watched the live broadcast of this competition. Will be an incentive for tourists Come to travel in Thailand And hopefully there will be a small amount that will use the precious time To harvest precious experiences And fun in Buriram province According to the meaning of the city of pleasure as a host I invite the Buriram people in the province as the host and together as the host of the Moto GP competition, the best motorcycle competition in the world championship. In Buriram province Is a competition field To welcome both Thai tourists And foreigners visiting Buriram with a good smile Give help, give advice, greetings, talk to everyone With kindness And not taking advantage of tourists, visitors, Buriram have made a record Is the Moto GP competition that has the most viewers in the Buriram world. Used to create statistics Is a competition field Which has one of the best competitions in the world this year I would like to ask all of us to help Buriram as a competition field that the participants. Visit the competition And all relevant parties are the happiest in the world We must impress every People who visit Buriram and make everyone happy to come to Buriram. So that everyone will come back again and will be even better If the people who come this year invite friends to come back next year and next year because the government by the Ministry of Tourism and Sports Signed a contract for the Moto GP in Buriram for 5 years, which we will have to impress more tourists every year, 5 years from now on, the opportunity for us Buriram to bring Buriram. Go out for the whole world to know as a sports city. And tourist cities That tourists around the world Will have to come once in life for 5 years. From now on, it is the opportunity for us Buriram to build Buriram Will create a lot of business opportunities, create jobs, create careers, create income for yourself and our children sustainably. This is an important opportunity for Buriram people. Opportunities at Buriram Will be a world -class tourist city, please everyone to use this opportunity To be useful And worth the most of your life. Thank you to all visitors for the confidence of Buriram Nevin Chidchob.
"Shuttle" carried the Moto GP fans into the bustling field!|The color of the opening day of the Thai GP on the first day, Moto GP fans do not give up the weather in the field of Chang, Buriram province. Competition and Buriram Province Have brought 100 shutter or E -Car, ready to serve tourists to the MotoGP competition area, Thailand, Or Thailand Grand Prix 2022 at Sanam Chang International Circuit Buriram Province Another charm of the competition Still creating images and impressions for Motorsport fans from around the world that poured into Thailand this important week. By tourists traveling with private cars Or use the City Tranfer service. You can get in the car at the Shuttle Service area at the door 1 to enter the event area. There are 3 routes.
"Rattaya" form 2, according to only one leader.Golf Voluntes of America, the first day|"Prince" Athaya Thitikul, continuous strong form, made 5 under par 66, ranked 2nd, according to only one leader. Female Golf, Volunteer, America, first day, Golf LPGA Tour, Diva, LPGA, LPGA, Volunteer, Volunteer, America, winning a prize money of 1.7 million. US medal, or about 64.53 million baht at the Old American Golf Club, 6,475 yards, Par 71 in The Coloni, Texas, USA on 29 September. It was a competition on the first day. This program has 7 Thai girls competing by "Prince" Ataya Thitikul, who just won the LPGA Tour, their 2nd program last week. Also shows a continuous hot form, collecting 6 Berry, losing 1 bogie, 5 under par 66, ranked 2nd with Listes Salang Pro, followed by Lin Sue Yu, a Chinese leader who is only 1 S While "promoting" Moriya Juthanukal form as well, doing 6 Berry, losing 2 bogies, 4 -under par 67, is ranked 4th. Under -par 68 is ranked 8th, joining the other Thai promotion. "Pro Waen" Pornong Petchdam Sharpee Even Park 71 is ranked 26, "Pro Junior" Thitapa Suwanna Pura hit too much. 2 Over Park 73 is equal to "Pro Jan", Michai is in the 60th, and "Pro Myyo" Pajanee Anan Narun Karn is too hit. 4 over Park 75 is ranked 91.
Drama again!"Sia Boat" movement behind the "Emerald Phet", losing a Thai boxing champion|Became a hot topic, no need to wait for the night for "Sia Boat" Nattadet Wachirat Rattanawong, the young man of the Muay Thai, strong fire and the owner of Petch Yindee Camp On the results of the Muay Thai World Championship Featherweight version in one 161 battle. In the said program Is the party to overcome the emerald diamond points. Go in a unanimous Get on the new world championship throne of Wan Championship. The type of punch game is fiercely 5 lifting. After that, Sia Boat has made a video call to the emerald diamond before being taken. The screen is posted via Facebook Nuttadaj Vachirarattanawong. With a caption of the most shocking to Chatree, pupil of the big flag of CEO of Wan Championship hidden in the short behind Until it was shared more than 1.2 thousand times that .. "I was proud of you. Win came back to fight again. You punch very well. Not losing the name of Petch. I am pleased with Tawan. The real heart is very good. You do a great job and congratulations to Khun Chatree, who finally took the championship belt from the emerald diamond. Petch is happy to bloom in the ears for a long time. After this, both of us will be comfortable. "For the situation of Petch Yindee now There is no boxer who dominates the world championship belt on the championship day. Because before the fight of this emerald diamond, Kapitan Phet Yindee Lost the World Championship, Kik Boing for Hiroki Akimoto from Japan in March.
Beautiful battle, kill!"Dern" waits for the mouth "Yan" UFC Fight Night this week|UFC, martial arts organizations and the greatest combinations in the world Prepare to bomb the battle for the end of October under the UFC Fight Night: Dern vs Yan. Will go up to the duel with Yan Siao, a fighter from China at UFC Apex, Las Vegas, United States on Sunday 2 October, McKenzie Dern, 28, the owner of the statistics, 12 losing 2, creating works Excellent by winning 5 from the last 6 fights, with the latest work overcome the Torres score in April. The 33 -year -old Chinese who have statistics to win 15, lost 3, but the latter work is not beautiful, losing to Carla Espaza in May last year. Before losing to the score of Marina Rodriguez in the latest fight in May, the second partner is a duel in the Welterweight model between Randy Brown, a fighter from Jameka. 32 years with the statistics of 15 defeats. 4 will meet "Massaranduba" Francisco Tranuldo, the 44 -year -old Tiger from Brazil, who comes with a 28 winning statistics. The Rudeboy won 3 fights in a row, while Trinol has won 2 consecutive scores, so it is interesting that anyone will lose the statistics first. There are also many exciting fights under the UFC Fight battle. Night: Dern vs Yan this Sunday The official match of the UFC Fight Night: Dern vs Yan, the main partner in the major match - the female model McKenzie Dern VS Yan Nan, Welter Weet Rety. Brown VS Francisco, Trango, Bantam, Baruse, VS, Trevin Jones, Fishwert Sodile, Uzuff vs Don Chai Nis Bantam Weetjohn Cassen VS Daniel Santos Lightweight Mike Davis VS Vietchet Stelav Borch Chef Chovs Alexi Olemate VS Strawut, Jessica Penne VS Tabatraick, Light Wee, Joe Quim Silva vs Jesseron The Middle Vet Creative, Yoto VS, Brendan, Allen, Light Heavy, Maksim Kris Kris Nice Classia Raino vs Chelsea Chan Tum, Vet Kui, Gan Netti VS Randy Costa for UFC Fight Night: DERN VS YAN at UFC APEX Las Vegas The United States on Sunday, October 2, the main partner began at 06:00 hrs. In Thailand, Thai boxing fans can follow on True Sports HD3 (668) and the UFC Fight Pass application. More details. at https://www.ufc.com/event/ufc-fight-night- october-01-2022
May happen!Premier League media plans to organize a team of celebrities challenging Galcho, La Liga, Bundes.|The English Premier League football competition department has a brilliant idea to organize a team of celebrities in the highest league. Motor with All Star from the top of Europe, including Galochi, Italy, La Liga, Spanish and Bundesliga Germany for the expansion of the audience more than before. According to the report from The Times, the previous Idea Idea has been proposed to the public by Todd Bohli, the owner of the Chelsea club, which is a team of play from the north of England, fighting with the southern team. Typical of the American Games But received a lot of negative criticisms. The Times pointed out that Bohli's concept was extended by the top executives in the league before crystallized into an idea to establish a specialized team. Including the Premier League celebrities Instead of fighting with the All Star team of the giant league And organize competitions throughout Europe To other continents in the world Until the end of the break at the end of the year, the media references the news source in the Premier League, not revealing the name The idea is one of the brainstorming ideas for the growth of the audience. To the expansion of income for live broadcasting to other countries By the owner of many clubs in the highest league, the elite is an American Making them likely to approve the idea that in order to add value to their team and the Premier League as a whole. The said plan of the Premier League still has to live for a while, if officially announced. When they have to receive cooperation from other European leagues as well
Top 5 level in the world!"Pimphichaya" is addicted to this statistics in the World Championship (picture).|Considered as the strong form of "Beam" Pimphichaya, the real Thai national team. After yesterday, helping the team defeat South Korean girl 3-0 with every set of scores. While also winning the best player of the game by doing alone, 21 points. The latest Volleyball World website of the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has collected the real -time statistics of the participating players by dividing. Is a player who scores the highest score, player who slapped the highest score, the best blog player, the best serving player, the best set, the player that digs the ball from the floor is the best. And players who accept the children of the most It appears that now there are 1 Thai player who is stuck in the top 5 in the best player, which is Pimpichaya. With the statistics of the 6 -points, followed by the number 1, Andrea Drad. The United States of America made 8 points in other areas. The interesting Thai girl named Chatch Urmoksri, ranked 9th in the players who score the highest with the 8th place. 8 best sets for the next appointment program Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet The national team of Dominican Republic On Saturday 1 Oct 65 at 19:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
"Somkiat Chandra", the first day of the 4th day, there is a chance to win the Podium Mototu Stadium at Buriram.|"Kong" Somkiat Chantra, the Thai rider number 35 from the "Honda Resort The Dream" project, has a full hope of the homerez. After the first day by pressing the Top Four In the World World Championship, 17, OR Thailand Grande Prix before boiling in front of Thai speed fans this Sunday at Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province, with the first morning practice. Today, the rain stopped, resulting in the track began to dry. The top Thai rider like "Kong" Somkiat Chantra from Idemitsu Honda, the Asian team, started the practice hotly. Before holding the 2nd place in the first phase with a 1 minute time 36.838 seconds after leaders like Oxuto Ferne Diz, spy riders for only 0.032 seconds, while the second practice was in The same afternoon Some of the fields still have moisture accumulated from the rain that falls again at noon, resulting in the honor to fall in the "Out Lap" and must bring the car back to the pond for the team to help speed up. Before leaving to continue in the last 20 minutes, the first day of the rehearsal, the first day, it appears that "Kong" Somkiat ranked 4th with a 1 minute time 36.597 seconds after Jake Dickson, the British rider, only 0.317. Second, hope for the full podium on the homerez field for OR Thailand Grande Prix in the Mototu version to compete in qualifiers to rank the Start on Saturday 1 October first. The finals of the finals on Sunday 2 October at 13:20 hrs. Live broadcast via Spotv and PPTVHD36.
force majeure!"Super Bon" withdrawing the urgent championship. One October 1 Oct.|It is a pity that the program must be adjusted urgently by "Super Bon Sing Mawin" King Bog Racing. Featherweight version Announcing the withdrawal from the competition due to sudden illness. Wedding to prevent the One Fight Night World Championship Belt in the One Fight Night 2, which will be broadcasted live in America Prime Matching in the morning at 07:00 hrs. Of Saturday 1 Oct 65, Thailand time "Super Bon" originally screened to protect the position for the second time with the number one challenger of King. "Ching Ki Ze Allazov "but the side after injury Announcement of withdrawal for a week before the competition Causing to switch the "Tai Fun Os Can", the 5th challenger who has a duel with "Marrat Grick" to plug in instead. "Marat" instead of "Tai Fun", it appears that it suddenly causes illness, just like "Super Bon" until having to withdraw another punch Resulting in now "Tai Fun", a pair and not being different Have to go back to meet "Marat", the punch that was first laid down In order to open the 2nd fight in this fight, with the superon posted a message via personal Instagram Superbon_Banchame. Sorry. "Chatree, the top flag" Big Boss of One and the fans who have to be disappointed because of being unable to be able to do it. Therefore need to withdraw any example With the consideration of the health and safety of athletes, One must change the program as appropriate in the final bend by postponing the World Championship first. Fans can follow the live broadcast of One Fight Night 2, Saturday 1 Oct 65 via Watch.onefc.com, YouTube One Championship, AIS Play (only AIS customers) start the first pair at 07:00. . And the Thai Rath TV Channel 32, watch back at 22:30 hrs. In addition, you can book tickets on the field via Ticketmaster.sg Updated 2 pairs of One Fight Night Program in the show - Ake Song Jing Nan vs Angela Lee (MMA Women's World Championship). Lausaza (World Championship, Flyweight Log) - Stamp Fair Tex VS Ji Hin Xuan (MMA 120.75 Por.) - Martin Nguyen VS Iliya Frei Manov (MMA Featherweight) - Timofay Nasti Kin VS. Halil Amir (MMA Lightweight) Party imported - Marrat Grick VS Tai Fun Oscan (Kik Boxing version of the Featherweight) - Ryuko Takahashi vs Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhor) - Anisa Mexen VS Bancha Mek (Muay Thai 115.25 Por.) - Rade Opachi VS Jiranit Storeridis (a backup boxing, Kik World Grand Prix
Thailand vs Dominican Republic: 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship, Statistics, Live broadcast|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host of the competition between September 23 - October 15, 2022, the 14th Thai tires in the world. Group B meets the national team of Dominican, the 8th team in the world that won 3, losing 1 as well, but there are 10 points. Both teams hugged their necks through the 16 team stages. But today's game is meaningful because it is considered a collection in the world ranking as well. We try to look back at the last 5 matches. Thai girls and Domini girls meet and what are the results? Before fighting again in the early evening, Head To Head 5, the last 5 times: Thailand won 0, Dominican Republic 530/06/22, Thai losing Dominican 1-3 (Nations League) 08/06/ 21 Thai loses Dominican Republic 0-3 (Nation League) 05/06/19 Thai lost Dominican Republic 2-3 (Nations League) 29/05/18 Thai lost to Dominican Republic 0-3 (Nation League) 21/07/17 Thai lost to Dominican Republic 2-3 (World Grand Prix) for Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet The national team of Dominican Republic On Saturday 1 Oct 65 at 19:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Explanation!"Father-Luk Halde" revealed the reason for choosing to move Manchester City|Alive Ing Hande, the father and agent of Erling Halnd, spearhead Manchester City, indicating the cause of choosing to move to work with the Premier League team this season, the Norwegian shooting star can show Hot with the 10 games, made a total of 14 goals in every show with Manchester City this season, with Alive Ing Hanand revealed that he received many offers in the past summer. And they choose Manchester City as the first choice The two of them revealed via "HALAND: The Big Decision", a documentary about Norway striker, especially "on our list that has been proposed. I think Manchester City is the best team. The second option is Bayern Munich. Real Madrid is the third choice and PSG is the fourth option. And there are many Premier League teams that offer And is a good proposal such as Liverpool, Chelsea, as well as proposals from Barcelona, ​​"said the father of the father." I think Erling wants to prove his ability in every league. That means that he may be with each team for about 3-4 years. For example, he may play 2 and a half years in Germany. And after that it may be played in Italy, Spain and France as well. "While Erling Hanand admitted that his decision to choose a Manchester City is partly from Have the opportunity to work with Pep Guardiola and many Manchester City players have invited him to join the game that Borussia Dortmund meets With Manchester City in the UEFA Champions League in 2021. "I never thought about moving the club because of the team manager. But for working with Guardiola at Manchester City, he is the best manager in the world. And the team has a project on the best sports Where I will do the best as well. "" After the game we met with them last year I think there are 15 people who told me that I should move to Manchester City, such as Phil Foden, Kevin De Bruyne, Ilkai Gundoe, Ju Ben Di, or John Stones. "
S. football joins Bit. Bit organized the "Bitkub Football Clinic" project.|Bit Capital Group together with the Football Association organized the "Bitkub Football Clinic" project, led by Mr. Top Jirayus Sopsipha. The founder and Chief Executive Officer Bit Capital Group Holdings Company Limited to extend the opportunity for children interested in football but lack the opportunity to access. As well as inspiring and enhancing skills Extending to be a national football player With Thai youth aged 8-12 years from 4 institutions participating in the project A total of 60 people. In the project, will participate in football skills and special football experience. Led the coaching team by the head coach of the Thai national football team. "Coach Ooh Phopphok brag" coach team from the Football Association Along with the national football players at Terdsak Jai Mun, Krisada Kaman, Thitiphan Phuangchan and Kampon Pathomkhakul, the project is held on Sunday 16 October 2022 at the Football Development Center. Bangkok Thonburi University from 08:00 - 16:00 hrs. For more details on Facebook: Changsuek, FA Thailand, Thai League, Bitkub Capital Group Holdings Co., Ltd and Top Jirayus - TOP PHP JIRAYUT
The legend of the game is broken!"Captain Kim" confirms that the national team returns, before talking about the Thai girl slap team (picture)|Returned again among South Korean volleyball fans for Kim Yeon-Gyeong, the legendary of the 34-year-old pillars who farewell to the national team last year. Before affecting the royal tires of the royal ginseng Since without you The team has already competed in 18 matches, won only the first 2 matches before losing 16 matches in every show. Until now, "Captain Kim" announced the stop of the national team in August 2021 after the match against the bronze medal. The 2020 Olympic Games lost to Serbia 0-3 sets for a reason for physical condition, age and most importantly, wanting to open the way for the juniors to come up sometimes. After the end of the Nations League 2022 in the middle of last year with a bad work. The South Korean Volleyball Association contacted Captain Kim to come back to help the nation again. To be the core for the children In the world championship team But was immediately denied by the legend of the rubber ball. "I will not go back to play for the South Korean national team for sure. This difficulty We all have to pass. "" If I go back to play again But soon I had to stop playing anyway. And our national team has to encounter this problem again, isn't it? Is it better for us to fall now? And help develop again for the future, "Captain Kim said. Another highlight that Captain Kim mentioned is the Asian continent, like the Thai national team in the era of changing players, not different from South Korea. But did the work well in the Nations League continuously to the World Championship at this time. "I watched the Thai national team competing in the Nations League. They played very well. Many of the main players have the opportunity to find experience in the league abroad, both Japan and Turkey. "" The Thai volleyball league is not very high. Their height is not advantageous. But that they have the opportunity to play in foreign leagues That makes them a lot stronger. "" This is a way that the new South Korean volleyball players should take. You will learn high -level volleyball through foreign leagues. Like this Thai national team, "Captain Kim long for Kim Yeon-Kyung, began his career in 2005 with Incheon Hungkook Life Pink Spirms before moving. Join the JT Marvelus team in the Japanese league in 2009, then moved to play in the European league with Fenerbah, Chegun Dick in the Turkish league and Akesiba Vitra before returning. Come to Incheon Hungkook again in 2020, then go to play for Chang Hai Bring Ubst in the Chinese league for 1 year until now return to Incheon Hungkook again for the third round of the name of the team. South Korea, big set She played for the first time in 2005 before the team has been over 16 years. The Asian Games Gold Medal 2014 and the Asian Championship 2015, including countless personal prizes
Who is it?!Media, the elite, swan, boat, lion send a scout look at the form"Wonder Kid Chile"|The Big team in the English Premier League, the parade of the 18 -year -old Dario Ozorio, who predicted to become a new star after Alexis San. Chedi, Gary Madel and Arturovidal reported from 90min, England, revealed that in addition to the big team in the league, the good city of Wonder, closely thought Referred to as a form from Real Madrid, Barcelona, ​​Inter Milan to the Olympic Lyon as well. 3 giant teams with names with Ozorio, including Brighton, Brentford, Leicester City and Wolf Hmpton, Derers, the top English league team for Oosorio has just played with two large Chile national team this year and is called on the latest friendly game to prepare for the Qatar World Cup 2022 as well. Specify more that Wolver is a team that can close the Oosorio deal. But not officially confirmed by the club Universal De Chile in any way. The rising star of 182 cm in height grew from the agency. By debuting with the team last season, the first season is playing 22 matches, including all programs Can play both the attacker on both sides and the target striker
Fighter heart!The inner circle of Manchester United does not give up. Hope Xiu "De Yong".|Barcelona's midfielder Decedededee is still the number one target in the reinforcement of Manchester United, the famous club of the Premier League. From the disclosure of The Red Devils ESPN has failed to chase the 25 -year -old in the past summer. Although there is news that both clubs can agree on the value of this star. But the players confirmed that he didn't want to move the team Causing him to continue to be in the Camp's place this season. At the same time, De Young came out to repeat with the media again at the beginning of the week during the Netherlands national team that He never wanted to move out of Barcelona. However, ESPN revealed that A source in the Manchester United club said to them that The Dutch midfielder is still the number one target of Eric Tenhagha to strengthen the Summer. And will try to convince the players fully in order to return to work with his old master again at Old Trafford. In addition to De Yong, Manchester United also has news linked to Jud Belingham, the midfielder of Borussia Dortmun, which has been set up. 130 million pounds, including Liverpool, Manchester City, Chelsea and Real Madrid, which are also interested.
"Ken" falls down!Nike aims to discuss "Halnd" after the phenomenon.|Nike (NIKE) delaying the Deal Sponsor Harry Ken, the England striker of Tottenham Hotspur after Erlinghal Nard, a striker from Manchester City. The event became a phenomenon in the league of the city. The city reported from Delhi Telegraph indicates that Nike's original plan is to discuss Ken's deal after the Qatar World Cup 2022 ends at the end of this year. When the lion army is involved in the tournament, but most recently, with 14 goals, 1 assist from playing 10 matches, including all this season of this season, making him a watched place. Although the Norwegian national team cannot go through to Qatar, Haland wears the brand of Nike brand, Adidas and Puma play in the blue sailboat uniform since moving from Bro. Sisa Dortmund in the Summer football market After a long contract with Nike, who has supported him since the age of 14, has just ended at the beginning of last year. And this Norwegian shooting star has not yet been pinched with any new sponsor
Vampire or not?Opening the warp "Grandma Pusp"|Bright, no faint for Puspa Davi Net Idol, Indonesia That if anyone doesn't know her before, she would not guess her true age. Famous in social media with youthful faces and bright skin like a young girl Although she is 55 years old, and also known as "Grandma" because the son has 2 little grandchildren, which Puspa had interviewed on television programs that When she walked with her husband Tend to be seen by people as a daughter As for when walking with his son Of course, people like to misunderstand that they are always fans for Puspa, just 55 years old, full of September 26. In which she revealed the secret to taking care of herself to be youthful and healthy That is to eat useful food. And keep exercising everyday In which she has played badminton and swimming since childhood While also studying Sum Crazy Make the proportion look tightening all the time. Who wants to follow the grandmother who looks like this young girl, followed by Instagram Puspadewihc, which now has almost 5.4 hundred thousand fans. In Both of themselves and the couple's moment Back yesterday regularly Even further reinforces that Time is not really young. Her youth.
This model, don't come!"Song" reiterates "Angela" hugging the one -stick One One Beller.|Completely closed for the One Fight Night 2: Song VS Angela III on Saturday morning 1 October. The Strawet Queen "Song Jing Nan" defeats the mother of the atomic "Angela Lee" under the position of the World Championship. One is the 8th period. Chai came to satisfy. While the newcomer "Kong Fah Bancha Mek" fought the head, but lost the rigid rival in the fight for the major of the program. It is a battle of Triphakra between two different mothers, "Song Jing Nan", defended in the ONE World Championship (125 Por.) From the World Champion of the Atomic (115 Por.) "Angej. La Lee "that climbed the weight up to win the belt for the second time, both of them fought fiercely by" Song "showing a strong form in the game standing against" Angela ", which is a solid, ground game in time. Finally, the throne does not change the owner of "Song". 8 while the second partner The genius of the Makan "Miki Muzu Ki" controls the game above the old rival from Samba "Clear Sueza" defeats unanimously. Sitting on the World Championship, One Flyweight Model Model (135 P.), the first in history. One is another important highlight "Stamp Fair Tex". Meet the Malaysian rival "Ji Hin Xuan" who has not passed the weight of the atomic (115 Por.) Therefore, negotiating and paying compensation. Before agreeing to fight in the coordinates of 120.75 P., even though "stamp" is disadvantaged in many pounds But she uses the elbow in Muay Thai Responding to competitors with pain In addition, by solving the ground games in every position Beat the consensus after the end of the combined fighting competition. 3, hold the number one chair of the atomic version of the atomic. One found a large bone "Anisa Mexen", a hard boxer from the perfume. Even being attacked from the beginning to the end But relying on the heart to fight Can stand until 3 lifting in the Muay Thai competition (115.25 P.) by losing a conclusion of all match results in the One Fight Night 2: Song VS Angela III in the show- Song Jing Nan won the unanimous score of Angela Lee (MMA Women's World Championship)- Miki Mu Susky won the consensus. )- Stamp Fair Tex won the unanimous points. First round (MMA Featherweight)- Halil Amir won Knock Timphon Nasti Kin at 0:58 MMA Lightweight Model). - Marrat Grick, winning the unanimous score of Tai Fun Oscan (Kik Boxing, Featherweight)- Ohhtec, won the score, not unanimous, Ryoga Takahashi (MMA model Feather Weave )- Anisa Mexen won the consensus, Kong Fah Bancha Mek (Muay Thai 115.25 Por.)- Rade Opachit won Knock Jiunis Storerridis at 1:52 of the lift. Two (backup boxing, boxing World Grand Prix, Heavweight)
The media is still sweet!"Ten Hak" protects "McGuire". Believe in the form of a good red ghost.|Eric Ten Hakkun, Manchester United manager, went to protect Harry McGuire, the player was in a form. As well as showing confidence that the person will return to the form for sure Until being hit by the football fans and Manchester United football fans, including the former players, criticized heavily at this time. Certainly kicked your own good form. Because the person is already in quality. '' I have to teach him and support him. I supported him Because I believe in him, '' Tenhan said in a press conference before the battle of the city with Manchester City. '' I saw his qualifications. The quality is there. He played for almost 50 England teams. He has high potential. That's it in him. We all believe in him. '' Manchester United have a queue to visit Manchester City at Etihad Stadium in Manchester Darby this Sunday at 8:00 pm. Thailand
Sevilla VS Atletico Madrid: Big Match, which is bet with victory to return to the table.|Spanish La Liga football this weekend There is a big match between Sevilla. It will open the Ramon Sanchez Pichawit to receive the visit of Atletico Madrid on Saturday 1 October at 11:30 p.m. Sevilla, who had previously ended the 4th in 3 consecutive season. But in this season, the start is disappointed. Win 1, draw, 2, and 3 loses. The top 15 of the table has more points than the only relegation zone. Ozasuna, always Real Valdolid, allergic to Almeria, losing Barcelona before unlocking the victory over Espanyol and the latest match with Sevilla's midfielder Barrere Garre Will arrive soon We played well. But we still have to work hard for 90 minutes. I believe in teammates. And will bring the best form back in the next match. "The Atletico Madrid side is not as good as it should be. Win 3, 1 draw, 1 loss, 2 in the 7th table of the table. Followed after the leader of the crowd up to 8 points, with the latest match, opening the house, losing 1-2 in the Derby battle, the key factors that made Atmadid have the work of this scrappy, which are 2 attacking players. Importantly, both Alba Morata and Jefelix, who have not scored 4 and 8 consecutive goals at the club level, respectively 2012/13 for the first time Diego Simeone Head Coach. Argentine Responsible for controlling the team in full season and taking the "Bear" in the top 3 of Liga every season. But now they have to return to the path to win the championship as soon as possible. Sevilla, the last 4 matches in the house, not inferior to At Madrid before entering the field this Saturday. There are statistics that may be a good omen for Sevilla because they opened the house with Atletico Madrid. The last 4 matches in La Liga never lost and beat in the last 2 matches. After Sevilla had no defeat in the house Starting from 1-1 draw in the 2018/19 season and 2019/20, continue with 1-0 win in the next season. And most recently, last season, won 2-1, Ivan Rakitic and Lucas Okampose, made a different door, Zico Simeone, a trainer at Madrid, has a team to control the team with Sevilla 25. The game wins 10 draws, 10 loses 5. However, if only counting the last 8 matches that meet only in La Liga Simeone, can win only one game. "Ell Cho" had previously traded to Sevilla before. The Diego Simeone will be a famous player with Atletico Madrid. He was a player of Sevilla before playing for 2 seasons with 2 managers like Carlos Bila. Rado and Louis Arakone Season 1992/93 Simeone is the teammates of Diego Maradona, the legendary football team of Argentina. Dado and Maradona will farewell to Ramon Sanchez Pichawit after the end of the season, and the 1993/94 season in the era of Louis Arakone. "Ello "Have a good memory to play at the opening of the house. Meet" Bear ".
Fans overflow the field!"Somkiat" puppery, "Besseck Ki" smashing the statistics of the Moto GP Thailand battle.|Moto GP battle, the big OR Thailand Grande Prix, the fans flocked to visit the Qualifier, overflowing the Chang International Circuit Stadium, Buriram, while "Kong" Somkiat Chantra, a hero rider. Thailand from Idemitsu Honda, the Asian team creates Master level. Motochece in the Motochece, Marco Besceki, an Italian rider from Munney VR 46, breaking the statistics of a large version of the poroma. Before this Sunday duel, the Moto GP World Championship, MotoGP 2022, 17, OR Thailand Grande Prix, has been in qualifying. Under the bright weather With the cheers of the fans Tens of thousands of people who pour into the competition area throughout the day. The highlight of today is the qualifying in the Mototu model, which has 2 Thai beloved riders "Kong" Somkiat Chantra from Idemit. Tsu Honda, the Asian team and "KKEsan" Khemt Kubo from Yamaha VR 46 Master Camp Speed ​​in front of the speed fans in the home of the Moto Tu version, it appears that "Kong" Somkiat did the master level. Grabbed a great polypoze with a 1 minute time 35.625 seconds, making history as the first Thai racer to grab polls at the World Grind Prix Level Italian riders from Mark Video Racing Grid 2 only 0.085 seconds. The 3rd grid belongs to the Japanese Metor's I -Okura, after 0.264 seconds. Before grabbing the 16th grid along the head of 1.735 seconds, the world's largest qualifying results "Moto GP" Marco Bescekki, an Italian rider from Moonney VR 46 Racing team, grabbing the poll Ready to create a new record for Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province, with a 1 -minute time per round, 29.671 seconds, slashing, Horganism, Spanish riders from Premaprd Ramak Racing 2.021 seconds, while Franc Cheesco Bunyaya, the Italian leader from Ducati Lenovo, the 3rd grade team, follows 0.104 seconds in the French world champions from Monster Yamaha. The game from the 4th grid followed the owner of the poll 0.238 seconds. There was a chance to chase with Bunyaya on Sunday, while Mark Marquez, the 8 -time world champion from Rapso Honda, started the game from Grid 8 after. 0.462 seconds, while the poll in the Motori model is the Italian Dennis, the Italian rider from Lepend Racing with 1 minute 42.077 seconds above the second grid, such as Mamama Russia. Spanish from Red Bulbul KTM Ayo only 0.292 seconds. The 3rd grid belongs to Ayumusaki, a Japanese rider from Stereill Garda Huskama Max after 0.409 seconds. The MotoGP battle, OR Thailand Thailand Grande 2022 will duel the finals on Sunday 2 October. This starts in the Motori version at 12:00 am, Moto Tu at 13:20 hrs. And ending it with the Moto GP version at 15:00 hrs.
Satisfied the cheering team!"War Elephants", Sai Sai, Malaysia, 3-1, Damn the ASEAN Beach Football Championship|The 4th ASEAN Beach Football Championship "AFFBC, Championship 2022" at the Central Pattaya Beach Stadium Chon Buri Province, October 1, 2022, is the last match between the Thai national team, meeting with the Malaysian national team. Former champion for the first time Which compete in 3 years, 12 minutes each. Both teams have collected both Indonesia, both Thailand won 5-3, Malaysia won 9-2, making this game "War Elephants" must win one place in order to win the championship. If the "Yellow Tiger" will win the championship immediately by the goal, "Coach Ek", the economy of the Thai national team The first 5 players consist of Suriya Bordej (goalkeeper), Watchara Leipit, Natee Tee, Rattapong Nadi and Komkrit Na Nan (the captain). At Suriya Bordet, the goalkeeper Black the ball opens for the dignity to wipe away to Thailand. Leading 1-0 in the 9th. The 9th Thai national team moved to 2-0 away from the penalty shootout of the Captain Komkrit Nan before the end of the first score. Let's continue fighting in the second minute. The 8th minute, Wuttinan Prue, Gold, snatch the ball from the Malaysian player before shooting a long distance. Malaysia tried to invade the door back and the 9th minute could beat the eggs from Mohamed Norman, but the rest of the time. There is no more goal to finish the game. The Thai national team beat Malaysia 3-1, collecting 6 points, winning the ASEAN beach football championship for the second consecutive period.
London is over the red!Arsenal smashed 10 Spurs 3-1, holding the crowd tightly.|The English Premier League football competition 2022/23, the 8th match, Arsenal, the team, the leader of the Emirates Stadium, the London Darbarb, the visit of the rival of the Tottenham Hotspur. Rank 3 of the table. Today, the home team uses 4-2-3-1 plans. Gabriel Chezus supports the target of Buka Yoka, Martin Odetcard and Gabriel Martinelie. Supporting the visiting team in the system 3-4-2-1. Eric Daures control the naughty-Min, Ricar Lizon and Harry Ken are three coordinating, the competition results. that The cannon warlord won 3-1 from the goal of Thomas Partay for 20 minutes, Gabriel Caseus, 49 minutes and Granit Chaka, 67 minutes. Rikin killed the penalty of 31 minutes. This game, the away team left 10 players in 62 minutes, from the fact that Emar Son Royal, made a violent foul at Gabriel Martinelli until the red card was fired from the field. This victory made Arsenal increased to 21 points to the leader of the Tottenham Hotspur. The first match in the league has the same 17 points.
Overturned the 8th in the world!Thai women volleyball combined with a thrilling domini slap 3-2 set|The 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is hosted between 23 September - 15 October 2022, the competition in Group B, Aero Arena, Poland, Poland. The 14th Thai women's volleyball team on the field on the final match of this round, meeting with the national team of Dominican, the 8th team in the world before this game. Both teams hugged their necks through the 16 team stages. But today's game has meaning Because it will be counted in the next round and is also considered to be collected in the world rank. Today, "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwatchamethakul sent the first 6 players, consisting of Pornphan Kerd, Captain, Captain, Chatchu. Oramoksri, Thaddao Kidmai, Handbathsuk, Pimphichaya, Gram and Atcharaporn Kongyot, the first set of Thai girls began to be more bustling until having a rhythm of 6-3, but Dominican women use firmness. Slap until the points throughout the set. Finally, a Thai girl squeezed before. It's 31-29 Thai points. Leading 1-0 before the two set of dominic girl is fierce. Is both a slap and blog to score away from the beginning Before closing the game 25-16, the rival is 1-1. The set of three games has always been close. But at the end of the set became Dominican's blog Take the team into the sign with a score of 25-21, turn up, lead Thai girls 2-1 sets, four Thai girls, unite to resolve again. Especially the defensive game that is firmly clearer The Dominic girl looks faint but still uses heavy children to respond. But in the end, a Thai girl won 25-22 scores. The rival is 2-2 sets. The five sets of Thai women can wear a lion heart in time. Chase, score, win 15-11 points, make Thailand win the Dominican 3-2 sets, collecting 2 more impressive points from this victory. Causing the Thai female rubber ball to graduate from the first group with excellent work, 5 wins, 4, losing 1, with 10 points for the final 16 teams, the final Thai girl will be in the F There is a program on the field to meet United States, Serbia, Canada and Germany during 4-8 October
Exchange fun!Borussia Dortmund attacked 2-3 colones, but also led the crowd.|The Bundesliga German Football Competition 2022/23, 8th match, AFLECLONG, 9th team, opened Rine Energosadio. Received the 3rd visit of Borussia Dortmund on the table. Today, the home team uses 4-2-3-1 Steve Fen Tickage. Na, On Dragon Dusada and Florean, Kaisaz supports the visiting team in the 4-2-3-1 system as well. Yu Stop and Karim Adee have created an attacking game. The warlord of the goat is crowded with 3-2 to win the goal from Florez, 53 minutes, Steve Fen Tickage, 56 minutes and Deanta Lubisich for 72 minutes. From the 31 -minute Yu Chu Bran and Benon Eric Mitz, made his own goal for a minute. 78 from this victory, AFLECLON has increased to 10 points. Borussia Dortmund has the same 18 points. But still leading as a leader
The second half!BG Pathum United opens the nest to smash Muang Thong United 3-0.|The Thai League football match 2022/23 Saturday October 1, 2022 at BG Stadium BG Pathum United opens the house to visit Muang Thong United "The Rabbit" BG Pathum United, the 7th team of The table has 8 points from 5 matches. As for the "Kilin Pho", Muang Thong United, ranked No. 10 in the first half. The home team dominated the game superior but still drilled the visiting team, not finished 45 minutes, tied 0-0, the second half of the home team, got 3 goals in a row from Pathom Phon Chareon Rattana Phirom 53, Jesse Core. 82 and the Charoen Sak Wongkorn Reserve, 86th minute, BG Pathum United has increased to 11 points, moving up to 6 of the table, while Muang Thong United has 6 points as before.
"Tosar" Hatrick Hero!Brighton, the stingy, invaded Liverpool 3-3.|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 7th match, Liverpool, ranked 8th, opened an Anfield field. Received the visit of Brighton and How Albion, the 4th team of the table. Today, the home team uses 4-3-3 Mohamed Salah, Fabio Carvalo and Roberto. Firmino led the army in the front. The visiting team came in the 3-4-2-1 system. Both teams are equal. 3-3 Reds. The Reds have a goal from Roberto Firmino, two, two balls, 33 minutes and 54 and Adam. Seagulls can be obtained from Leso Trosar, making a 4th, 18 and 83 hat -8 and 83 hat -83, resulting in Liverpool increased to 10 points. Brighton and Hotel
"Gallager" Super Swings Dong!Chelsea invaded Crystal Palace 2-1|The English Premier League football match 2022/23, the 7th match, Crystal Palace, ranked 16th, opened the Celtic Park, the London Darbar Battle of Chelsea, the 7th team of the table today. The home team uses the plan 4-3-3, Jordan Ayu, Wilfree Sakha and Ood Sung Edis, as three-hunting coordination. The visiting team came in the 4-4-2 system, Rahim Sterling, Kai Hawarez and Pierre-Emerik Orthome Young, led the army in the offensive line. The warlord of the Lion Blues turned over to win 2-1, getting a goal from Pierre-Emerik Obama 38 minutes and the beautiful Gallar Gallar backup, 90 minutes. Bring before from Ot Sung Ed of since 7 From this victory, Chelsea has increased to 13 points. Crystal Palace has 6 points as before.
no problem!The Thai national futsal team collapses Oman 6-1, 8 Asian Championship 2022.|The battle "AFC Futsal Asian Cup 2022" Group A group stages. The final match at Sapa Al Abdullah Hall Kuwait City on October 1, 2022 at 21:00. Oh, this game has "Big Plop" Adisak Benjasiriwan. Vice President of the Football Association of Thailand Futsal and the beach football along with "Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, the Thai Futsal team manager Send cheering on the edge of the field Among the Thai fans in Kuwait, who came to cheer for more than 50 people, with me the first 2 matches, Thailand won 3-2 and draws 2-2. Tanta Less Carlos Carlos, the real 5 is the true Tawut Han Khampha (GK), Krit Aranyaphalak, Itthichapraphan, Charoonchuen Thiang, and Supawut Ruabklang, starting the game. Just 4 minutes. Thai has taken the goal quickly. Sarawut Phapruek went to pump the ball and bounced into Warut Wangamal. From the corner kick, Jesada Chuadej shot with the left to let the war elephants, a small table to escape for 2-0 minutes 18 Worasak Sri Lang Phairoj Get the ball before turning back with the right to let Thailand throw away for 3-0 minutes. 19 Jaroondet Muen Noon, flow into the middle, let Sarawut Pruek dip the foot to change the way to the score to move to 4-0 in the second half. Thailand came to get another goal from the rhythm of Jaroon Det Muen Noon, Narong Sakprake, easily shot to the score 5-0 minutes. 34 minutes. The score moved to 1-5, but 38 minutes from the retaliated rhythm Warut Wangsamal to pay Narong Sakping to shoot to Thailand to escape to 6-1. The rest of the time has no more goals. 6-1 increased to 7 points, causing Thailand to pass through for sure. The next appointment program Thai national futsal team Will compete in the Asian Futsal Championship Before the semi -finals, meet with Tikiistan or Uzbekistan on October 4, 2022, live broadcast on AIS Play and Eleven Sports.
Head 6 games stuck!Barcelona is too strong against the attacking of Mayorca 1-0 to overtake the herd.|The Spanish La Liga football match between Real Mayorga, opened the house with Barcelona at Wisit Mayorga Estady on Saturday night, October 1, 2022, starting the game for 10 minutes. better And almost got a goal from the rhythm of Egangin got the ball in the penalty area before finding a shot with the left football to ricochet Pablo Gabi, which entered the blog across the beam after the 20th minute. The ball up to the left before opening the penalty area. Robert Lewandovski crossed the support before spinning with the right-bolt, curved in a beautiful pillar. Barcelona brought 1-0 minutes at 32 minutes. " Chao Bun threw "almost added from the corner kick. Usman Dambele opened up to the head of Robert Levandovski, he pressed the ground, but the ball dropped out of the second half of Barcello. Should also bring 1-0 back to play in the second half of the 51th minute. Hit Kang but dropped out the pillar. At 60, the visiting team almost added as well. Usman Dambele kept the ball before paying to Francisye to run with the right. The rest of the time does not have any more goals. Barcelona attacks, slashing, defeating Real Mayorka 1-0, collecting three important points, overtaking Real Madrid to lead as a crowd But more than 1 game of the players of both teams, Real Mayorka (5-3-2), Petrakovic-Pablo Mafo, Martin Balyen. Antonio Raiyo, Jose Manuel Gopete, Ye Mee Gosa -Injigo Ruzde Garrarea, Iddidaru Bali, Antonio Sanchez -E Kangin, Wedat Murie Barcelona (4-3-3) Mark Andre Schgen-Alekan Droblade, Kerd Pippi, Andres Chris Tensen, Jordi Alba -Francoisy, Sergio Buskets, Pablo Gabi -Usan Dambele, Robert Lewandov Sokki, Ansu Fat
Turn over!Milan invaded the overtaking Emplie, injured 3-1, jumping up at 3 of the table.|The Italian Serie A Serie A Football match between Emoly opened the house with the "Red Devils" AC Milan at the Stadio Carlo Caulla. This Saturday night, October 1. 2022 opened the game for 9 minutes. "Red Devils" almost got the goal of Charles De Ketla. The ball got the ball before opening the penalty area for Rafaelle to hold and press the full, but Julia Mo Wari Oh, the home team, the host rushed out, the 21st minute, the visiting team had hoped again, Rafaelle pulled on the left side before opening for Alexis Salamucks. Without the opposite of the right, the right goes through the front of the door incredible. The 24th minute, AC Milan continues to continue the game, Alexis Salamucks Shining in front of the penalty area, the ball was already inserting the pole, but Julia Mo Wario jumped out in the back The first half is still equal. 0-0 in the second game. The game is open. The 79th minute. Milan came to get 1-0 goals from the rhythm of Rafael Lay, taking a donkey into the penalty area and opened for Ante Rebit to shoot with the right. The 90+2 of the host came to get a free kick in front of the penalty area of ​​the Nedim Bag Ramy. The visiting team opened a long ball into the Pierre Lu Lu Tum, setting into the Fadde Ballo-Toure to shoot with the left. 2-1 only is not enough. 90+7 minutes from the rhythm of the back, Ate Rabich pays through the channel for Rafael to fall out of half of the stadium to break the target Julia Mo Wario Tung Network. Milan reiterated 3-1 to the end of the game "Red Devils" AC Milan invading the injury to defeat Empli incredible 3-1. Collected three points in the 3rd place in the table after Napoli, 3 points. List of players of both teams, Empli (4-3-1-2): Julia Mo Wikario, Peter Star Star, Novic, Goni Devinter, Sebasti Yano Lubero, Fabino Parishi, Nicoleus Hass, Alberto Great, Liam Henderson, Marco Pasa, Martin Sa Riyano, Sam Lammer AC Milan (4-2-3-1): Cynon Eye Ruzanu, David Calabaria, SIM Fiko Toomori, Phosdeballo-Toure, Sando Toni, Ismael Bennazer, Alexis Salamucks, Charles Dektla Rafaelle, Olivier Shiroud
Summary of the Premier League football week, week 9, Saturday night, Sunday 1-2 October 2022.|Arsenal schedule opens the house to overcome London Drbabe collected 3 points to hold the crowd. The Spurs are still ranked 3rd, even without points this week. Brighton collects 1 important point. The 4th place and Man City won the Manchester United to overwhelm. 1 point in the middle of the West Ham table. Up to the number 15 in this week, Newcastle invaded 4 goals to the 7th goal. Chelsea collected 3 points up to 5 and Manchester United was no 6th in the end of the table. Wolf Hampon without points after invading the West Ham 2-0 to rank 18, the Premier League score.
Updated the Premier Lee Lee Lee Lee at the 9th weekend, Saturday-Sunday night, 1-2 October 2022.|Premier League Arsenal score London Drbabe collected 3 points to hold the crowd. The Spurs are still ranked 3rd, even without points this week. Brighton collects 1 important point. The 4th place and Man City won the Manchester United to overwhelm. Ranked 15 in this week, Newcastle invaded 4 goals to the 7th goal. Chelsea collected 3 points up to 5 and Manchester United was no 6th. Ton without points after the attack to lose 2-0 West Ham.
The sound from a girlfriend around the world to "Thai girl" fighting with all his heart, Dominican, the world championship.|Smoke lost the first final game of The Thai national women's volleyball team for the Dominican Republic 3-2 sets in the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in Pang Sak. Poland On Sunday night, October 1, in this game "Thai national team slap" fought in the same way before turning the situation from the fall all the time to overcome the competitors in the world. We try to see the opinions from the fans. Around the world, comments that 1 It is a great victory of the Thai team again. I hope that if Brazil can't step up to the champion, then ask "Thai girl" to do it. I know it's not easy. But I cheer you all May God bless everyone. Comment 2, really want to see Thailand. They fight very well. Comments 3 Wow! Thai women volleyball Queen of Southeast Asia I am very proud of them. Comments 4 I should cheer Dominican. Because it is Latin America But this game was made to turn to cheer for Thai girls They make all the matches that are full of colors. Regardless of the team You guys are always full. And it made her become the winner of this game, which was appropriate to be the 5th comment without a doubt. They deserve victory in this game. 6 In this game, we have already seen that Thai girls create happiness for fans. How much around the world And not surprised that many nations began to share their hearts for the 7th "Thai girl". They became my favorite team. 8 It's a proud victory. It was caused by effort And every dedication to be superior to competitors There are a few teams that can beat. With the Dominican Republic on the world stage, appreciate both teams with heart Russian cheering Darling, peace, comments that 9 Dominican Republic Playing well is not lower than their own standards, but this game, the Thai team has a very strong defensive game. Comments 10 love the Thai team from Turkish fans. You guys do very well. Since the Nations League battle, it is a victory that you all deserve it. In addition, it also results in Turkey to end the number 1 in the group. Thank you very much. Comments 11 I like Thai teams. They create a smile that makes fans happy. They are humble. Really love you It is encouraged to the route from now on Brazil Com on 12. I like to watch the Thai team to play, whether winning or losing, but they played fun. And entertainers very viewers. Comments that 13 Congratulations to Thailand's victory. Although he can overcome my country But with everything, this game should be like this. Comments 14, it is a great game for both teams. But there is no doubt in the victory of the Thai team. They play very special. Comments 15, Thailand, you all fall in the giant !!! They are not only very good. But still playing, fun, intelligent, good manners and humble It is a very beautiful picture. Comments 16 seems to be very negligent. They assess the ability of the Thai team too low, especially in the 5th set that does not control the area tightly. Allowing competitors to score always However, must be pleased with Thai girls commenting that 17 It's a great game. Congratulations to the Thai team that is dedicated to the field. They fought for 5 sets before. In the end, it was used to overcome my national team. Comments 18. I hope that the Thai team will be able to grab the Olympics in Paris 2024, is it possible? In the past, Japan, China and South Korea dominated the position to comment on 19 Bravo! Thai teams are very amazing. Beat the leading team in the whole group The Republic of Dominican and Turkey got their confidence in every victory. And until now, between 4 teams from Asia in the tournament I think they can do better than all nations. 20 Wow ... the best It is a great combination of Thailand. They obstruct all forms of attacks, while Dominican cannot block them. It is caused by 100% talent and talent. Appreciate these Thai athletes.
Highlights "Thai girl volleyball" meet Dominican, the World Rubber Championship 2022|The 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Competition in Poland between "Thai national team slap" entered the final game of the first round with Dominican Republic. On Sunday night, October 1, this game, before the Thai national team was seen as a second in terms of world ranking and later statistics. However, the result of the competition appears that "Thai women" are the 3-2 sets of victory in this game. "Thai female rubber ball" has a winning work of 4, losing 1, ranked 2 in Group B, with 10 points successfully passing through the second round.
Football band lottery!The chaos in the highest league IndonesiaMore than 120 football fans died (picture)|The latest tragic news in the football industry This occurs in Indonesia. From the incident after the game But the police chose to use tear gas to stop the incident Until the escalating story caused a large number of deaths in this tragedy in the football league, the highest Indonesia or 1 pair of Liga, between Aramen FC, Periperi, Byazurai, the visiting team to win 3- 2 in the end of the game A number of local football fans are not happy with the results of the competition until running into the field. Until the police have to hurry to take the players and the staff of both teams immediately out of the field. Football fans began to rampage until there was a clash with the police. Causing the latter to decide to use tear gas to hope for football fans to calm down But it turns out that it caused the stampede to make the football fans on the running field and tried to climb the fence to the stands. Until causing many people to fall and being repeatedly followed by the person who died Like a number of victims, a number of breathe and died later because of the latest water gas from Kompas. Indonesian media stated that the number of dead people died to 127 and divided into 125 football fans and 2 police officers. People died at the scene. The rest came to the hospital. And tend to have more deaths Because there are still more than 180 people who are still in a crisis and must be closely monitored after the news of this tragedy spread all over the world. Causing pressure to The International Football Federation or FIFA came to investigate this directly. Which may cause the Indonesian Football Association to receive a heavy punishment Because FIFA's rules clearly stated that Absolutely do not use tear gas in the football field.
Finish the first round!Open the rules counting points"Thai girl volleyball", how much is the World Championship (picture)?|Thai national women's volleyball team Move forward through the second round In the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland, will be the host of the competition between September 23 - October 15, 2022, after the first 5 programs. " "Create a great work by defeating a total of 4 groups of competitors and losing just one match. Resulting in a total of 10 points (winning 3-0, set 3 points, winning 3-2 sets for 2 points) Thai national women's volleyball team in the first round, 24 September 2022: Win Turkey 3-2 sets, 27 September 2022: Lost Poland 0-3 Set 28 September 2022: Win Croatia 3-0 Set 29 September 2022: Win South Korea 3-0 set 1 October 2022: Win Dominican Republic 3-2 sets, which from the rules The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has set up the number of games that win first. And then go to the temple at the reward points Resulting in the end of the first round of Turkey, the number 1 in Group B, from the winning work of 4 games and 11 points, while the Thai team team is number 2 from the winning 4 games and has 10 points while the Dominican Republic Who missed the Thai girl in the final game, fell to the 3rd with 3 games and 11 points, followed by Poland, ranked 4th, winning 3 games and 10 points hugged together in 4 teams. South Korea and Croatia must Stop the route for just the first round.
Latest shiningWhere is the "Thai girl volleyball" in the world and Asia?|Thai national women's volleyball team That compete in a big program like The 2022 World Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host of the competition. While also being able to successfully penetrate into the second round, after the competition in the first 5 rounds in the first round, "Thai girl slapping army" winning up to 4 games and losing a single match. There are 10 important points. Outstanding is to overcome the team in the world that is superior to Turkey and the Dominican Republic. Can be down, which is the latest The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has officially announced the new world rankings. It appears that the Thai girl volleyball team Move up to 13 in the world as a result of being able to overcome. Dominican Republic Which has a superior world rank by winning the game, resulting in the Thai team collecting up to 9 points, increased from 220 points to 229 points, moved from the top 14 to the world's number 13 in the world. tidy While at the continental level "Thai young lady slap" is still ranked 3rd in Asia, which is second to China, with 345 points and the 2nd Japanese in Asia with 302 points, including the 4th South Korea with only 149 points for "Thai young lady slap" has a program to play in the second round. Of the competition The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship during 4-8 October
Collected after the game!Liverpool Fore, opens the nest, being attacked by Brighton 3-3, the Premier League.|"Reds" Liverpool are not able to be able to kipe a good form back this season. The latest game opened the house, being attacked by the Bretton. 3-3 can be divided into points. And causing them to win only 2 matches in the past 7 games. Let's see what happened in this game 1. Two goals, the game changes the momentum leandro. Trossardliverpool FC V Brighton & Hove Albion - Premier League / Clive Brunskill / Gettyimages Liverpool Still hot Started by losing 2 goals first, from the beginning of the game, the personal mistake of both Jordan Henderson and Trent Alexander-Arnold. It is the source of the target of the two goals. The problem that the Reds' support is not resolved. Thirst in victory And the concentration of the team is a big knot, so the team is unable to collect 3 full points in this game 2. The concentration of the full -back on both sides. TRENT ALEXANDER -ARNOLD, Kaoru Mitomalverpool FC V Brighton & Hove Albion - Premier League / Robbie Jay Barratt - AMA / Gettyimages Training Alexander-Arnold That has been criticized for the past several weeks. The form has not changed from the original, while Costa Simicas is almost invisible in the game and standing of Trent is what football fans are still looking for. Many strokes that the person did not show the enthusiasm of the ball to hunt the game like before, while the Simicas is fierce in the back. And almost without the identity in the left game when combined with the decisiveness of the offensive game, especially the excellence of Le Ander Trosar, causing the team to always fall out in the end. Come back to win when turning overtaking in the second half. Louis Diaz replenished left. Roberto Firmino, Luis Diazliverpool FC V Brighton & Hove Albion - Premier League / Clive Brunskill / Gettyimages Diasis is sent to the field that Fabio Valley. In the first half, the Colombian national team attacked can make a difference immediately. Playing with the visiting team before offering to Roberto Firmino to break the door 2-2 successfully from the beginning of the second half. Unfortunately, Diaz could not maintain the concentration of playing for 45 minutes after the game. 4. President of Leandro Trossardliverpool FC V Brighton & Hove Albion - Premier League / Clive Brunskill / Gettyimages. The first 2 goals broke from the beginning of the game. The first hat -scark of Tosar in the Premier League and is only the 3rd football in the Premier League history, 3 goals in Anfield after Peter Endered (Covent 1995) and Andrey. Rinnin (Arsenal 2009)
Come and come!Debut of competitors"Thai female rubber ball" must encounter a second round+competition form (picture)|"Thai young lady slap" who performed excellent work in the first round Until the way to go through the second round on the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Women's Volleyball during 4-8 October. The competition in the second round Will lead the number 1-4 team of all 4 groups from the first round Passing to play in 16 teams, which will be divided into 2 groups, 8 teams per group. All competitions meet in order to find the team to pass to 8 teams, with 4 teams from Group A and 4 teams. The lines are in the Group E, and the 4 teams from Group B, which have "Thai women" included, will play in the F Group, together with the other 4 teams from Group C. A total of 16 teams made the "Thai girl slap" that were organized in the F Must compete with United States, Serbia, Germany and Canada from the Group C. The other 3 nations that have been met in the first round, both Turkey, Poland and Dominican Republic. Will not have to compete because of the rules The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has set that The team that had met in the first round Will not have to compete again By seizing the work they met in the first round, causing the Thai team to get the work in this round, win 2, losing 1, with 4 points (winning Turkey 3-2 sets, winning the Dominican Republic 3-2 sets and Lost Poland 0-3 set) for the competition program Thai national women's volleyball team on the World Championship 2022 rounds, Tuesday, October 4, 2022, time: 8:00 pm, Thailand meets Canada on Wednesday 5 October 2022 at: 8:00 pm Thailand. Serbia meets Thailand Saturday, October 8, 2022, time: 8:00 pm, the United States found Thailand for the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship. Fans can watch live broadcasts on Channel 23, all games that the Thai national team has down. Competition
It's not raining!"Kong Somkiat", the car fell Moto Tu war "OR Thailand Grande Prix"|"King Kong Kong" Somkiat Chantra, a Thai rider under Idemitsu Honda, the Asian team, missed the opportunity to pick up the Moto Tu world championship in the hometown. "OR Thailand Grande Prix "At Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province, before the finals Had a heavy rain Causing the competition to be delayed Finally, the competition decided to reduce the competition from 24 rounds to only 16 rounds. In the qualifying cycle The 23 -year -old Thai rider has done a great job. Grab the position of the polls successfully, 3 minutes 35.625 seconds, making the history of the first Thai rider to grab the policy poll. And was the first poll in front of Thai speed fans Causing a chance to win the full championship, which is Somkiat Chandra, starting in the 1st grid. Causing to have to leave the competition unfortunately, while the competition came to the 9th round in heavy rain Causing the competition to decide to wave the red flag in the middle, resulting in the Italian rider Tony Arboro That is the leader to win the championship But will receive only one half of the reward points, unable to compete at least 2 in 3 of the normal distance for the next field The MotoGP World Championship will continue to compete in the "Australian Krang" at Phillip Island, Prix Sergit, Australia. On Sunday, October 16
"Yan Siao Nan" extends the points "Dern" UFC Fight Night|Yan Nan, a Chinese female fighter Relying on precision and heavy weapons issued as the party to overcome the American McKen Cheng scores Can go unanimously In the major of the UFC Fight Night: Dern VS Yan at the UFC Apex Vesx, the United States of America on Sunday 2 October. The major partner was a female strawweight between Yan Siao Nan, a 33 -year -old Chinese fighter and Maccanie Dern, with the first American opening. Attached to the crescent of the crescent, trying to argue with the ground And tried to take down many times But still can't do anything Chinese fighter While also being hit by a punch And punching the hook into the face in many punch. In the first round, raised the second game. The fighting was still the same. Punching until almost unable to survive. Raise the 3rd. Relying on the punch from the outside of the band to attack the face until the face is full of bruises. The 4th effort of Dern is almost achievement when there is a rhythm of the arm bar Yan Yan Nan, but in the end, it does not close the game. In the end, Yan Siao realized that he was superior to fighting in the final caution, with Dern, unable to create a miracle of 5, raised the directors, including raising his hands for the crescent to beat the Mac score. Keency was unanimously. Along with adding statistics as a winning 16, losing 3, the second partner is a duel in the Welterweight model between Randy Brown, a 32 -year -old Jameka, meets Francisco Tri Tiger. The 44 -year -old old from Brazil, with the results of the fight, it appears that Rudeboy can be released more water. "Massaranduba" is unanimous. Along with adding statistics to win 29, losing 8, plus Randy Brown has won 4 consecutive fighters. The official results of the UFC Fight Night: Dern vs Yan, the main partner in the major - straw model. Women Yan Yan Nan won the McKense Dern Retrve Retrie Brown version, winning the Francisco, Trango, Bantum, Barcelona. The winning score of Tervin Jones, Featherweight, Sodile, Uzuff, won the subtitles of Don Salis Nis 1, Lightweight Mike Davis, won the Via Chestla. Fair Chef, a Wart Chef, Bantam Vetda, Santos, won the TKO John Castle, raised 2nd model. The Light Wee, Joe, Sylva, won the TKO Jesse Ronson, 2nd model, Middleweight Breed, Allen won the TKO Crestof Yotco. Lift the 1st version, Cashwate, Yulina, Stealo Rainco, won the TKO Chelsea Channel 1, Bantam Vet Kui, Kanditti, won the lining Randy Cost. The 1st lift for the next program will be a fight in the UFC Fight Night: Grasso VS Araujo. But the Flyweight coordinates between Aleza Grayaso, a beautiful Mexican fighter, will duel with Viviene Auraji, a partner from Brazil. Which will compete at the UFC APEX arena, Vescus, United States, Sunday, October 9 The main partner starts at 06.00 hrs. In Thailand, Thai boxing fans can follow on True Sports HD3 (668) and the UFC Fight Pass application. More details at https://www.ufc.com/event/UFC-fight-night- Octber-15-2022
Racing through the rain!"Olivia" twisted directly, won the "Moto GP Thailand 2022"|The world's largest motorcycle battle, MotoGP 2022, 17, the OR Thailand Grande Prix, ended up the world. Under the intense championship, the big game "Miguel Olivia", a Portuguese rider from Red Bull KTM, has broken the pen through the rain. new The MotoGP World Championship, MotoGP 2022, 17 stadium "OR Thailand Grande Prix" at Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province, is a final competition on 2 October. 2022, with Mr. Anutin Charnwirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health as the president, along with the management team The competition is officially opened the competition. The highlight of the competition is in the MotoTo, the world championship, which has 2 Thai riders like "Kong" Somkiat Chantra from Idemitsu Honda, the Asian team and " KKEsang "Khemint Kubo from Yamaha VR 46 Master Camp twisted in the midst of cheers throughout the fans' field. Thai people turned the turning point of the rain that was poured heavily before the competition began for a few minutes. As a result, the committee announced as "Weet Race" and reduced the distance to 16 rounds, with the honor that has started from the polls quickly, while Khemm climbed from the 16th grid up to Top Island. However, in the second round, in the second round, the Thai dreams occurred when the honor of the 4th curve, which has the amount of water on the track surface from the rain that is poured heavily. Causing to fall into the curve Miss the opportunity to win the homerez unfortunately, and Khemmart climbed up to the 9th before the judges decided to hit the red flag. To end the competition, even if coming back to the field again But ultimately had to announce to end the race Due to the rain collapsing uninterruptedly, the Italian rider Tony Arboy from the Elf Marc Racing Racing team won for 15 minutes 10.854 seconds, with Philili. Pasaluch, a Czech rider from Gracerin Racing Motochete, is the second number of 0.251 seconds, while the 3rd place is the Spanish riders from Flex Box HP 40, after 3.112 seconds. It is the best work this season. The major models like Moto GP have to delay more than 1 hour from the heavy rain. But Thai speed fans are not discouraged This race has to duel in a wet track. The results show that Miguel Olivia, a Portuguese rider from Red Bull KTM Facial Racing, overtaking competitors from The 8th grid won the victory over 41 minutes 44.503 seconds above the Australian rider Jack Miller from Ducati Leno, the second team, only 0.730 seconds, followed by Francisco Bandaya. Italian, the Italian leader in the 3rd place, followed by 1.968 seconds, while Mark Marquez, Thailand Grand Prix, 2 times, ending in the 5th rank after 2.958 seconds in the world champion like Fabioard. Tararo encountered a serious crisis. Falling to the end of the race in the 17th, no points from this field Resulting in the concentration of the world championship again The distance from Bunyaya is only 2 points. The game in the Motori model is considered the only race that has a dry track. The results show that the Italian rider Dennis from Le Pomeranian. Racing won the one roll in 37 minutes, 52.331 seconds above the 2nd place, Ayumusaki, Japanese rider from Stereill Garda Huskama Max only 1.524 seconds. The 3rd place belongs to Ricardo Rossi, an Italian rider from Sik 58 Squadra Corce after 2.804 seconds for Thailand. Has been packed in the MotoGP 2023 competition calendar. Which was determined as the 18th field between 27-29 October 2022 at Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram province as usual
No victory, 4 games, stuck!10 Port Authority, open the house, Yan Chao, Bangkok 1-1, the Thai League battle|The Thai League Football League 2022/23 between "Sing Harbor" Port Authority FC meets "Thep" Bangkok United at Pat Stadium on Sunday 2 October 2022, starting the game. For 6 minutes, the home team had a chance to win before the free kick in front of the penalty area. The ball is stuck on the wall. Unfortunately, the 10th minute, the visiting team has the same opportunity. Heberey Fernandez has a channel to look at the trigger from outside the penalty area, but Worawut Srisupha. Get the 16th minute. "The gods" got back quickly. Vander Louis passed the ball through the channel for Willen Mota to shoot, but Worawut Srisupha came out to block in a minute at 40 at the home team. Came to the penalty from the moment Suphan Thong Song plugged into the Francis of the Poort in the penalty area, the referee immediately pierced the referee and Hamilton Sores killed. The second half of the 59th minute, the visiting team returned quickly. Heberty paid through the channel for Willen Mota to open the ball into the middle of the Louis Chip to cross Worawut Srisupha, tucked down the bottom of the Bangkok Network. United rival 1-1 minutes. 63, the home team must have 10 players after Supanan Burirat to extract the Louis Louis. The referee check VAR ready to change from the yellow card. It is a red card fired from the field. The rest of the time has no more goals. The Port Authority FC always opens the house with Bangkok United 1-1 divided into one team and causing "Singha Harbor" to not win anyone. The list of players in both teams: Worawut Srisupha, Air Taklasi, Franciso, Eliasdol, Supanan Burirat (Bai Dong 63), Thanaboon Kesarat (C), Benjamin Davis (Theerasak revealed Phimai, 85), Kevin Deerm, Pakorn Premphak (Badin Phala Noon 85), Hae Milon Sorares, Naga Pinto (William Vader Cher, 70) True Bangkok United: Michael Falcard (GK), Peeraphat Noo Tachaiya, Phutthainan Wansri, Suphan Thongsong, Tristongdo, Tassanaphong Dararak, Thitiphan Puangchan (C), Heberty Fernandes (Ratnat Aree Pairote .86), Vander Louis, Willen Mota, Mah Mood Ed (Chaya Wat Srinawong, 56)
There are two hat tricks!Manchester City, Drad, Manchester United 6-3|The English Premier League football match between "Blue Sailing" Manchester City meets "Red Devils" Manchester United at Etihad Stadium on Sunday 2 October 2022. Minutes of the home team to win the game perfectly before the ball went left to Bernardo Silva. Open into the penalty area for Philpho to run with the left, plug in Manchester City. -0 minutes 18 "Blue Sailing" get a free kick in the middle of the Ilk Gundo gate, being a spinning with the right -end Baby, but only standing and looking at the pole. Unfortunately, the 34th minute, the home team came to have a corner kick on the left side. Kevin de Bruyne opened the ball to the penalty area of ​​the Erling Halnd Tek to send the ball across the line to Manchester City to escape to 2-0. The 37th minute "Blue sailbox" continues to continue the game. Kevin de Bruyne took the ball up before elaborately opened the first pole for Erling Halnd to leave the charger with the left Tung, Manchester City. Move away 3-0 minutes. At 44, the host got the ball back. Kevin De Bruyne took the ball up before flowing out to the left, let Erling Halnd take the ball into the penalty area and then opened the second pole to Philphop. Do you shoot? No, there is no Manchester City left. 4-0 away. Come back to play in the second half. "Red Devils" start the game. Bruno Fernandes plays the football. With the left, the ball rushed into the beautiful pole, Manchester United chase for 1-4 minutes at 65. The home team went again. Kevin de Bruyine flowed left for Sergio Gomez to open the penalty area of ​​Erling. Halnd set the foot for a short while, the left-haired man, Manchester City, 5-1 away, and the hat-trick of the person in this game. The 73th minute, the home team returned to Erlinghaland, pulling the rhythm before flowing to Phil. The foamy fell into the trap and then swept the left pole into the first pole into the Manchester City to be 6-1 and is the hat-trick of the foam as well. Paying into the penalty area for Fred to shoot with the right. Aden Son can only swipe the ball into Marcical. Pripes tackles the bottom of Manchester United. The Red Devils "came to the penalty from the rhythm of Gan Seolo to plug in Marical, falling into the area and stood up to kill the triangle into Manchester United, chasing 3-6, ending the game Manchester City Open the house to collapse "Red Devils" Manchester United 6-3 collects three important points and makes the "blue sailboat" move to pendant Arsenal to the crowd to just one point. The players of both teams Manchester City (4-3-3): Edar Son -Kylewalker, Manuel Akanji, Nathan Ake, Chu Gan Selo -Bernardo Silva, Ilkkuno Gun, Kevin De Absubruan-Philphol, Erling Halnd, Jack Greekman United (4-2-3-1): David de Gea-Doto Dalot, Ra Fael Vanr, Lisan Do Martinez, Tyrell Malacia - Scott Macitomine, Christian Ericsen - Antoni, Bruno Fernan Des, Chedion Sancho - Marcus Rashford Referee: Michael Oliver
Play in the rain!Buriram opens the house, Prachuap 3-1, moving the pace of the crowd, leaving only one point.|The Thai League Football League 2022/23 between the "Lightning Castle" Buriram United meets "To the destroyer" Prachuap FC at Sanam Chang Aren on Sunday, October 2, 2022, the 10th minute. Nat is like the eye can follow to collect the ball as possible. Before wiping into the middle of the Supachai Gate, the heart standing openly alone, shooting the ball into the goal easily, Buriram United moved out to lead 1-0 minutes to the destroyer that turned to play a long throwing ball. Using a prominent ball to attack Due to heavy rain coming to get a goal as rival From the second row of Samuel Rosa Buriram United 1-1 Prachuap FC minutes 37 Narubdin Wirawatnom, the right ball opened the curve into the penalty area Suphanat, like the eyes of the ball. Going down to the ground, the Caucasic ran into the ball. The ball fell through the rain through the hand. Parick Day disappeared into the Buriram United gate. Moved again for 2-1 minutes. 45+2 Narubdin Wirawatnom opened the ball from the row. Second, go to the left hand side of the rainy season, Hemavibun, tackling the ball in front of the mouth of Supachai Jai, shot the ball into the goal, but the assistant referee raised a advanced flag. Before the referee was alerted to see the VAR and blow the whistle back to the door of the Lightning Castle, Buriram United escaped to 3-1 away, which was first half with this score to fight for the second half. 2 fun teams opened the game in the midst of rain, but the score of the game is still at the home team's leadership. 3-1. After that, both teams still opened the game to fight heavily according to the cheers of football fans. But can only win the door from a thrilling ball Unable to finish the score, resulting in the end of the game, Buriram United beat Prachuap FC 3-1, resulting in the castle of the sky to grab 3 points to move to move to 17 points. Noppon Drama Phon (goalkeeper), Thirathorn Bunmathan, Lent, Hemwiboon (Chitiphat Tan Klang, 83), We Bin Sulaka, Naruebodin Wirawattanom (C) (Sasalak Hai Prakhon Nor. 78), Rattanakorn Kami, Goran Kasich, Frank Castaka (Diego Bar Dungan. Jai Jai, Lada Shana Buya, Prachuap FC: Parick Dayto (goalkeeper), Ekanat Kongket, Natsaphon Malaphan, Arisari Fovic, Adisak Han Mut (US Pan Matchaya Nor. 72), Dennis Willawa Eva (Methi Sarakham 72), Prasit Chantum (Phi Chulawat Akhamnawan 46), Aphichat Dennaman (Kwon Dae Hee N. 30), Lossemi Carabu, Parick Ri Chet (Natthawut Sukhom Nor. 46), Samuel Rosa.
Chon Buri seized the crowd!Sliced Nong Bua Phichan 2-1 The Revo Thai League|Thai League Football League 2022/23, 7th match on Saturday 1 October 2022, Chon Buri FC 2 - 1 Nong Bua Phichaya FC FC: Chon Buri UTA Stadium at Chon Buri UTA Stadium Thai League Battle 2022/2023 Game 7 between Chon Buri FC, the crowd of the table Jeboy, the plum, like Nong Bua Pichay FC. 9. The host has held Nilo Alves, shooting in the goal of Kitti Khun Jamsuwan, but the ball came into Charnnarong Promsri Kaew. -0 is the first tablet in the color of the "Shark Chon". This season as well. The rhythm of the visiting team, Marlon de Jezuz flows the right ball for Jiraphan Phasukkhan, but shooting a far pole out. The ball rushed out. 39 Leeon Pitchay James Pay through the channel for Horke Felipe to fall out with a full booth. The first half of Chon Buri FC is always Nong Bua Phichay FC 1-1 a half. 51 Danilo Alves shot from the front of the penalty area of ​​Kittikhun Jamsuwan. Khan fell to shoot at the first pole, but Worawut Sukunani swept one hand. 79 Danilo Alves to strike the goal for Chon Buri FC. The 7th, he brought a single goalscoring star. List of players on the field of Chon Buri FC: Worawut Sukunna, Chatmongkol Thanaroj, Krisada Kanman, Yu Buyungsoo, Happy Bun Ta, Chan Narong Phromsrikaew, Chalermpong Kerdkaew, Sumanya Puri Sai, Ama Mutara, Renato Kelic, Danilo Alves, Nong Bua Pichan FC : Kittikhun Chaemsuwan, Piyaphon Pha Nichakul, Leon Pitchay James, Leesan Thiamraj, Marlon de Jesus, Wattana Plai Nim, Sathaporn Daengsri, Ratchaphon Nano, Barros Tadale, Horke Felipe, Jiraphan Phasukkhan
"Hull", the first champion in almost 6 years, "Athaya" finished the 4th place, Thecendant LPGA golf.|Charles Hulle Pro 26 -year -old girl from England, good work, continuous work, 7 under par 64 on the last day of the Golf, Thecendant LPGA Benefiting Volunteers of America in Texas. United States On Sunday, October 2, 2022, a score of four days 18 under par 266 won the championship to win Lin Chi Chi from China. 1 Stroke Hull won the 2nd program in the LPGA tour by champion. First in almost 6 years after winning the first championship in the CME Group Tour Championship in 2016, the Thai athletes started at "Prince" Athaya Thitikul, 4 Under Park 67 on the last day. Score for four days, 12 under par 272, finish the 4th place "Promote" Moriya Juthanukal, made 3 under par 68, a total of 11 under par 273, ending 5th. A total of 7 under par 277, ending 11, joining the "Pro ring" Pornong Phet, exceptionally over 1 over Par 72, a total of 6 under par 278, ending 16, joining the "promotion" Eriya Juthanukal, over 3 over Park 74, a total of 2 scores. Underpar 282, finishing 34, and Pro Jasmine Suwanna Pura made 1 under par 70 score 4 over Park 288, ending 59.
"Muna-Anna" won the Vietnamese female championship, Open 2022|Badminton "Yonex Sunrise Vietnam Open 2022" World Tour 100 Tour in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam On Sunday 2 October 2018, it was a competition in the finals. With Thai badminton athletes successful in this round in the female couple category "Mu Na" Benya Pasa and "Anna" Nanthakan Iamsa-ad. 1 of the world's 24th guide program beat Fabie, Pooji, Puji, and Amelia, Calaya, Paritvie, 2nd hand guide of the world's 33rd manual from Indonesia 2-0 Game 21- 16, 27-25 takes 53 minutes to win the championship with a reward of 5,925 US dollars, or approximately 222,000 baht, which is the second champion of both this year from India Open 2022, World Tour 500.
"Pep", watch the glowing team, the game attacks Manchester United.|Pep Guardiola, Manchester City manager, admire the team that Do the best work In the Premier League game that opened the nest, Manchester United wrinkled on Sunday night. But believe that his team can still be cooler than this blue sailboat Waiting for the city 4-0 from the first half. Before the conclusion ended with the victory of the home team 6-3 from the Earling Hat's hat-scale and Philphot ''. It is the best form. We pressed four goals in the first half. And we really have more opportunities to shoot They play better in the second half. It's a good game And everyone on the field is very happy. '' Pep said after the game, '' in the first half, we are fierce and there is space and quality of our players in the front. How good today And need to improve Perfectness does not exist. It's impossible But we have to try to look for We do well today. But we can do better. '' 'Many players pass the ball. And we lost the ball Which is not a good thing We have to be a little consistent in the matter of passing the ball. '' '' '' In the most area. You can create more, you can risk more. But in some areas We still do not do well. '' The victory made Manchester City increased to 20 points from the first 8 matches, holding the position of secondary leader after Arsenal.
"Ten Hak" revealed the reason that Manchester United lost to Manchester City.|Eric Ten Hakkun, Manchester United manager, revealed his team lacking beliefs. Causing them to be bombarded by Manchester City in the battle of the city on Sunday night, the Red Devils Followed after the home team 0-4 from the first half Before the conclusion ended with the victory of Manchester City 6-3 from Erling's Haters and Philphots '' lack of belief. I was surprised why we didn't bring it on the field. (Meaning belief) '' Tenhag said after the game to Sky Sports '' I have seen it 4 weeks ago - different teams, different spirit, different atmosphere, confidence Different and today we have no confidence. '' '' '' From the first minute We can't go ahead, we don't dare to dominate the ball. It's always difficult to find answers. (Why do we not dare to dominate the ball) especially after the game I talked to my players. And I have to find the answer. '' '' They know that they can do better. We have seen the form in the game with Arsenal, we saw the form in the game with Liverpool - but if you don't fight, you will not do the problem for the team like Manchester City. '' From the game, resulting in Man. United holds the 6th place in the accumulated table of 12 points from the first 7 matches in the 2 -point Top Four and 1 game in the hand.
"Big Plop" fingers behind the Thai Futsal army.|"Big Plop" fingers after the Thai Futsal, Knockout for the 13th from 16 times, still maintains a good standard, despite having a lot of team look. As for the "Coach Sea", careless, not negligently, Tikistan. Futsal Champion of the Asian Championship 2022 round 8, the final team of the Thai national team meets the national team at the national team at Sasup Al Abdullah Hall, 4 October 2022 at 21.00 hrs. AIS Play and Eleven Sports, the Thai national team through the finalists as the 3rd Group A champion, winning Iraq 3-2, draws 2-2 and winning Oman 6-1, collecting 7 points from 3 games. As a secondary group, the group of the 3-match Group Bahrain 4, losing to Uzbekistan 2-3 and winning the Turkmenistan 8-5, collecting 6 points from 3 games, with the latest Futsal team movement. October 2, 2022, head coach Carlos Carlos, ordered to refrain from rehearsing, allowing the players to rest at your leisure to create a thirst to kick in the next match. Wan Vice President of the National Football Association Futsal and beach football Talking about the work in the group stages, "It is a good standard for the Thai Futsal team. We have passed the final round of the 8th team for the 13th time from the 16 Asian Championship final round before the start of this tournament. We already know that it is in a heavy line. But can follow the goal is to become a group champion Overall, the players have good development in the game per game. Although the big national team has changed a lot, there are many young stars and new players coming in, but still maintain the standard. Must appreciate the determination of all players and work hard behind the house of the staff of this coach. "While" Coach Sezar "spoke about the next match with Tajikistan," Who once told us to meet Tagiistan or Uzbekistan. For me, they are the same. The final 8 teams are considered a strong team. As for the strengths of this set, they have a good defensive game to play in the style and retaliate with excellent work in group stages. But our goal is the only victory. "For the work of Thailand and Tajikistan, the Asian Futsal Championship in 2016 in Uzbekistan, Thailand won the 5-4 games. The illegal qualification in the middle of the hat -trick as well. Futsal Asian Indoor Games 2009 in Vietnam, Thailand won the 6-2-inch Tigistan SAT Intenational Futsal Championship 2020 in Thailand, winning 2-0, Thai, B. 4-2
"Benzema" missed the penalty!Real Madrid, Ozasa 1-1, Spanish La Liga|The Spanish Football Spanish Football Competition 2022-23 between "White King" Real Madrid won 6 matches in the league, opening the Santi-Bernabeu Stadium. Ozusa, the white king, got the good news that Benzema recovered. By standing in the system 4-3-3 and has a Vinicus, Rod Rico flashes beside this game, they will not have a sore kurker before the game, while the module hurts during National team brake As for the best players of the September, Leeka, Balberde, is a reserve for 16 matches. After all, Real Madrid won 12 draws 4 Real Madrid won 6 matches in the first half of the league until the 42nd minute. Real Madrid got a 1-0 lead from Jungwa at Vinicheus Junior, receiving a ball in front of the penalty area on the left. Before opening the ball to the front of the door The ball bounces the floor, jumping into the far pole. Before ending with this score, the second half of the 50th minute, Osasuna rival 1-1, Unai Garcia opened the ball into the penalty area of ​​Ki Garcia, tackling the door beautifully. The 78th minute, Real Madrid got the penalty when Karim Benzema was hit by David. The beam was disappointed. The rest of the time, both teams did not do anything. Real Madrid always, Osasuna 1-1, stopped the statistics in the league at 6 matches, which increased to 19 points equal to. The leader of Barcelona, ​​but Barcelona's goal is better than the 2nd Real Madrid.
This is a reason!"Ten Hak" opens up, not sending "Ronaldo" to reserve the game against Manchester City.|It became a story that made many football fans wondering about the Eric Ten Hakkun, Manchester United manager, decided not to send Cristiano Ronaldo, a good shooting star in half of the game. Which the team attacked by Manchester City 3-6 in the English Premier League football match on Sunday 2 October last night. The game "Red Devils" became the back "Blues" up to 0-4 and makes many football fans think that in the second half The Dutch boss will send Ronaldo down to the field to recover the situation. But in the end, the person did not enter the field to experience the game, which after the game Ten Hak opened up about the story because he didn't want the name of Cristiano Ronaldo to be recorded that the field in this game. And it's not something that should be shameful of the results of the competition in this game. "I didn't send him to the field. For the reason that I respect him (Ronaldo) and a great career. "The Red Devils opened their hearts. "Another thing is that I think Antoni Marical should be more useful in this game. He needs to enter the field for confidence and fitness, but I don't want to point out that. "For the defeat in this game, it is a victory that is ruined with the most score in the last 10 years. The result of this competition is the game that Manchester United lost to Manchester City 6-1 in the Premier League game in 2011.
Roma invaded Inter Milang 2-1.|The Italian Serie A Serie A Football Football Match 8, Saturday night, October 1, at the Juzepe Peppeza Stadium between "Snake" Inter Milan opened the nest. "Roma wolf" Roma "Big Snake", the latest game before brakes, the national team lost to Simone Insaki, still a partner. "Chero-Lataro" hunt down the score of "Wolf Krung Rome" that stumbled upon the game first. In addition, this event has no master Jose Mourinho, who has been fired. First Both teams still opened the game and exchanged fun. Until the 30th minute, Inter led 1-0 when Nico Lo Borela paid through the channel for Fede Rico Diro to move through to shoot quickly through the mosquito mosquitoes. 1-1, when Leonardo Spinz Solar took the left before opening the curve to the penalty area as far as Paula Debala ran to lay his feet without holding even Han Dano. Wichit can swipe the ball, but the ball is still spilling into the goal. The first half is still with Roma, 1-1 and a half, the second minute. The home team almost brought for the second time from the free kick. The ball goes into a unfortunately. It also has the same opportunity. The 71th minute, the Sekie Celic took the ball to the right before opening for Tammybrahum to shoot directly. Han Danovic, but then the 75th minute became Roma, who turned over to overtaking 2-1 when Lorenzo, a stretcher, opened the kicks to Chris Smalling to fill the tackles. Burned into the door, the rest of the time, even though the big snake tried to move forward to retrieve the door back But did not finish the game. Roma attacked to overcome Inter Milan 2-1 Roma. There was 16 points, while the inter stopped at 12 points from 8 matches.
Juventus returned the form!3-0 collapse Bologna at 7 Serg|The Italian Serie A Serie A Football Competition, 2022-23, between "Zebra" Juventus opened the Allianz Stadium. Bologna Allegri uses a plan 4-4-2. This game, Cheey disappeared back to see the pole, including the Logi and Blaiot controlled the center of the center. Formerly, there was Bremer and Bonuchi standing the center for McKennie and the consciousness. Dangerous in the offensive line, like Aruna, played with Sanzine and Orzolini. The first half came to the 24th minute. Juventus got a 1-0 goal from the rhythm of Du San Valaho. Vishnwal went up before paying, even if Philip was conscious. Before ending the first half with this score, the second half of the 58th minute, Juventus escaped to 2-0. Veson McKennie opened the ball from the right side to the second pole. At 62 Juventus, 3-0 away. Juan Guo Darado opened the ball into the penalty area and the Arcadi Ussz. Volley with the left The ball jumped under the beam to finish the game. Juventus unlocked and won and collected 3 points to the 7th place in the table after 7 points next Saturday.
How heavy?Shining "Buakhao" after the training course of the Special War School (Picture)|"Dam Dok Kom" Buakhao Bancha Mek, a Thai beloved public fighter or Lieutenant Sombat Bancha Mek, followed the dream successfully. After passing the air transmission course, model 338, ready to receive the "Pandas" of the Thai Army as a prestigious mark by 40-year-old Thai boxer participated in the training course of the AB-1 Code at 338 at the Special War School. Special War Center Lop Buri Province For more than 1 month before the actual umbrella, the condition of the person on the day of the weapon jump And the field Having said that, the size of a boxer with a fitness physical condition Still even racers To the point of reporting at the base Speaking almost without knowing it, however, is considered the pride of the person who can pass the course In addition, the outstanding leadership shield In the training of special war schools After being the leader of the 338, this training for Buakhao Bancha Mek is considered a famous Thai boxer all over the world. And became very well -known among foreign boxing fans Have traveled to fight in many countries in Europe And Asia Grab a lot of championship belts Which made the name to be remembered to win the K-1 World Max in 2004 and 2006, while another role in addition to athletes Referred to as a representative of the Thai army Under the backup center Territorial Security Command Join activities with many agencies, both government and private, whether annual training, helping victims. Including creating morale And encouragement for officials, people by continuously visiting the community
Because at this point!FIVB chose the picture "Chatchu On", attached to the impressive story in the World Championship (picture).|Regarded as the color that occurred in the competition The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host of the competition between 23 September - 15 October 2022. In the first competition, Arnam, Netherlands on the VolleyballWorld website. Organized some impressive images that occurred during the first 3 days of the competition. The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has chosen a picture of Chatch Urmoksri, a Thai girl volleyball team. Which can score the most in the game that beat Turkey 3-2 sets, attached to the palace with 1 image of a total of 19 with the caption, "Chatch Urmoksri made 33 points for Thailand to overcome Turkey. 3-2 and regardless of the situation Her smile never fades. " "Thai young lady slap" in the world volleyball competition In the past, he had continuously received praise. To create happiness And create a smile for the fans That has been seen all over the world Until causing many nations to share their hearts Click to see all images.
Keep an eye on!The famous media revealed Barcelona has a plans to pull "Rashford" next season.|Barcelona, ​​the giant of La Liga, Spain, preparing to give a contract to Marcus Rashford, the shooting star of "Red Devils" Manchester United from the Premier League. During the Summer in front of the England striker Is about to expire with the Red Devils team After this season While there is no news about the new contract negotiations yet It is expected that he is ready to move out of the team without value. For this reason, the sports media from the side of the Silona revealed that Barcelona has considered Rashford to join the team as well. Page or in the year 2023, before that, they had news of this England football team. However, Manchester United also had 1 year of the contract extension of this striker. Automatically makes the movement out of the team without value, so it is not unlikely. In addition, the form of the player under the control of Eric Tenhak's team during the period is good, the day is good, until it comes back to seize the real position in the team again. Therefore it is expected that the new contract may be opened soon
It's time to recover the crisis!"Rodgers" and fired Leicester to keep the first match in the league.|Brendan Rodgers, Big City, is still confident that he is still the right person for the team crisis. After the team has not won anyone in the Premier League This season, the Premier League football match is entering the 8th game this week, with "fox" being the only team that has not won anyone. Plus only one point They will play this week's game. Meet the Knotting Ham Forest and "BR" is still sure that he can take the team through this crisis. "I am the best person to help the team. Can go forward I haven't talked to the club owner yet. But he believes in me And I hope that I will be able to turn the situation back If he doesn't think so, he will definitely tell me. "" If you are in the final top of the table and you lose 6 from the first 7 games, what must be done is not introvert. But it is more work I love working with this team. And I believe in the team like I believe in last season. This season is full of challenges. And ready to look at the next team. "Rodgers left the contract with Leicester to the middle of 2025 after receiving the job in the middle of the 2018-2019 season and led the team to win the FA Cup. For the first time in the history of the club
Real strong machine!"Sin Samut" won the World Championship Table, One Muay Thai, 22 Oct.|"Sin Samut Klin", the owner of the "Aqua Man Dan Siam", won the right to win the World Championship, One Muay Thai Muay Thai (170 P.), the first line of One Fight Night 3, which will be broadcast from Kuala Lumpur Malaysia During the American prime time Which corresponds to the morning at 7:00 am on Saturday 22 October 65, in Thailand, after showing the form of a rival knock, two fighters from the launch, plus the bonus of one bonus to twice, overlapping the name. Of "Sin Samut Klin" is known among both Thai and international boxing fans And became one of the most watched rising stars of One Boxing Fully born in One from the first fight in the month March ago By defeating the legend of the kickboxing "Niki Holos Gen" with a knockout Ranked "Great Knockout" Rules Boxing/Muay Thai, the first half, 2022, and is also the first Thai athlete to grab the bonus to inject from the Big Boss bag "Chatree". Able to close the rival game from the elite "Liam Nolan" quickly in the second lift and grabbed the second one bonus to hug And from the said excellent work Causing him to grab the ticket to win the world championship, one Lightweight Muay Thai, which was first held in one in one, with Sin Samut to face the large bone The Light Boxing Kick Boxing Tone Who decided to jump across the Thai boxing line to hunt the second line After the throne in the kickboxing line for 5 times, but no competitors have fallen since the year. Both 2019 will fight as a secondary partner. While the major partner will be the World Championship, the World Championship, the Bantam World (145 P.) in the mixture of the MMA between the "John Linee", the current world champion. And the second challenger of the force. "Fabricio Anad" fans can follow the news and progress of the One Fight Night 3 battle on Facebook One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc. com
Effective next year!The inner circle revealed that Chelsea closed the deal to grab the "En Kunku" to join the team.|Christopher En Kunku under the Air Bei Zig in the Bundesliga Germany. The news responded to join the Chelsea club of the English Premier League in advance in the 2023 summer football market. According to the report from David Orn, the reporter Di Athletic En Kunku Growing from Paris Saint-Germain Before moving to Lypzig when summer 2019, worth 13 million euros (about 11 million pounds) and became the team's key man immediately. The season 2021/22 is the season that the best works on the route. Football and 35 goals, 20 assists from playing 52 matches when included in all items. Is the highest goalscorer of the team, while the Blues under the management of the new team, Todbohley, spends over 250 million pounds, grabbed the top players like Wekeley Fahana ( 72 million pounds), Mark Gukuraya (58 million pounds), Rahim Sterling (50 million pounds), Calidu Kulibali (34 million pounds), Carey Chu Quameka. (16 million pounds), Pierre-Emerick Obame Young (10 million pounds) and Gabriel Sloenina (8 million pounds). The report states that Bohley's team still needs a level star. Big Nems added the army in the page, with the news with En Kunku, has been published since last week. To the extent that the person has been examined with "Indigo Blue Lion" is completed before going to Paka in the contract with the new team Orn Steen. Referring to a close news source confirming that the 24 -year -old shin has agreed to the pen in the preliminary contract with the team of Graham Potter, which is completed under the offer as a contract with Leipzig worth more than 60 million euros. (Approximately 52.7 million pounds), which will affect this coming summer, causing the team to have more money than that, if not wanting to be cut by other teams
Leicester City unlocked first!Forerts 4-0 in the Premier League|Leicester City unlocked the first victory in the Premier League this season. After opening the nest, chasing the screwing of Ham Forest 4-0, the English Premier League 2022-2023 Monday, 3 October 2022 at King Power Stadium, a meeting between Leicester City at Doing bad work, not winning any team, 1 loss, 6 has only one point. The final rank of the table The latest game losing to Spurs, this 2-6 shots opened. The house was open to visit Knotting Ham Forest, which was a bad form as well. Win 1, draw 1, losing 5, only 4 points. The latest game opens the nest, defeat 2-3, the result appears that the 25 minutes, Leicester got a 1-0 goal from the rhythm of the football in front of the bad penalty area of ​​Jesse Lincom. Disprove with the right ball to ricochet McKen's arms to change the entrance to the door. Called the sound of the famous football fans, the firing of the 27th minute, Leicester scored a goal for 2-0 for just two minutes from the first ball. Left before paying back to Harvie Barnes in front of the penalty area, taps Neko Williams and spinning with the right ball, fleeing McKenna into the pole far away 35 minutes. 3-0 from the free kick of the skull, slightly opposite to the left side, James Maddis spinning with the right side of the wall. Crashed into the second pole into Dean Henderson, the goalkeeper of the visiting team, but protected with eyes And is the second goal of the good midfielder in this game Before the end of the first half, Leicester led comfortably 3-0 minutes. 73 Leicester had a 4-0 goal to escape. Penalty area Before paying to Maddis on the right and entering the penalty area, Maddisan returned to Dava to cross the ball above the rest of the time. There was no more goal. City successfully won the first match in the season by chasing Forest 4-0 to increase to 4 points and overtaking Forest to 19 from having a better door. As for the army, the forest dropped to the plum instead.
Look at the program+live broadcast"Thai women volleyball", the world championship 2022 rounds|The World Women's Volleyball Championship 2022, the second round (round 16, the final team) in the Netherlands and Poland, will be the host of the competition between 4-8 October by "Thai girl slapping army" that can grab. Number 2 in Group B, the first round was organized in the F Group with the United States, Serbia, Germany, Canada. There are also Turkey, Poland and Dominican Republic. The opponent who met in the first round was also in the group. However, from the rules that The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has set that The team that had met in the first round Will not have to compete again By seizing the work they met in the first round, causing the Thai team to get the work in this round, win 2, losing 1, with 4 points (winning Turkey 3-2 sets, winning the Dominican Republic 3-2 sets and Lost Poland 0-3 sets) equal to "Thai girl slap," will enter the field in a total of 4 games, with the United States, Serbia, Germany and Canada to select the 4 best teams to play in the knockout or The last 8 teams for the competition program Thai national women's volleyball team on the World Championship 2022 rounds, Tuesday, October 4, 2022, time: 8:00 pm, Thailand meets Canada on Wednesday 5 October 2022 at: 8:00 pm Thailand. Serbia meets Thailand Saturday, October 8, 2022, time: 8:00 pm, the United States found Thailand for the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship. Fans can watch live broadcasts on Channel 23, all games that the Thai national team has down. Competition
Scoop: winning all teams!Drill 4 competitors, Thai women volleyball in the 2nd World Championship.|The World Women's Volleyball Competition 2022 has arrived at the final 16 teams. The first match of the 2nd round will start on October 4, but the field will be moved from the first round. Starting from the Nether Land Will move to play at Rotterdam City In Poland Will move to play at The city of Wood "Important Highlights" is inevitable. "The Thai girl slap team", but who has to admire and praise especially is the work and the form of playing. Because in the first round, "slapped Thai girls" miss only 1 game (Poland), as well as beat the two strongest pairs like Turkey and Dominican for the first time. In many years, the competition in the final 16 teams will be released into 2 groups, 8 teams per group and play all together like in the first round. But the team that comes from the same group, a total of 4 teams will not have to be together again According to the rules indicating that the competition results from the past round into the table Simply explain, every team will play only 4 matches, which is to meet with the other 4 teams that come from other groups of the Thai national team. Through the finalists with Poland, Dominican and "Group B." Turkey was placed in the same line as 4 teams from the Group C. It consists of "Cerbia group" Serbia, United States, Da and Germany, based on the excellent work of "Thai girls" in the group, group (only 1 match), resulting in the statistics and statistics that are better than many teams. And it is possible that the Thai national team will be able to pass into Round before the runner -up For the first time in history If the victory can be won at least 2 games, Canada Prote, the first match, the Thai national team will meet with The national team on the 4th of October, with the past statistics, had met 3 times. "Slap Thai" is all the defendant. In the last 2 meeting, it happened on the "Nation League" stage in 2021 and 2022, but in this meeting, it would not be able to be careless. The national team Yes, but a little Canada Can play more than before In the past, he was overcome both Bulgaria and Germany until it was pushed up to the 3rd place in the group. Already done the most 87, the 7th place in the tournament And is also the player that made the most attacking the 5th in the program (84) Germany, the 2nd match, the Thai national team will meet with The German national team on October 5, the statistics have been met 13 times. "Slap the Thai girl" as the party to overcome 5 times, but must admit that in the last 6-7 years, the German national team. Not as strong as before By counting from Joe Van, Kui Dettti, the Italian coach Decided to say goodbye to the team in 2015.The their work continued, the German form of play is not very consistent in the past. Most of the main players are quite young, such as Hanna Orthanen (23 years), Marie Shop Sel (25 years), Kamilla White (22 years) or elder. But Lena Al -MEER (22 years), the trick of this team, will be at Belgian Witul Hayne Coach is because it is considered a person with experience. As well as having won the "World" in 2018 in the male team category with Poland Serbia Pro 3, the Thai national team will meet with the Serbian national team on October 7, the statistics have been met 13 times. The latest game in the battle "Nation League 2022" in June, the Thai national team beat 3-2 sets before. Serbia national team Will end the 3rd place in the tournament. At this time, Serbia is the best team with Italy, which can win all 5 matches, the important players of the team, Tina Boss Kovic, come back to help the team again after no name in "Nation League". In the game that beat "The Olympics", the United States has a 3-0 set, and all in the first round of Boss Kovic, collecting a total of 94 from the field 4 matches (not in the game with Sakkhstan) is the 5th highest on the US program. The final match, the Thai national team meets the United States national team. The past statistics "Slap Thai girls" can only beat once in history with 3-2 sets. The game occurred in Bangkok. In the "World Grand Prix" competition in August 2009 and the only one of the "Thai girl" that remains from the current set is "Urgent Coach" Danai Sri Worachamethakul At that time, he acted as an assistant of "Coach Ot" Kiat Ratcharatkri, the United States of America, may have changed the team after grabbing the "Olympics", but in the end, the United States is still still. Is a high standard and can overcome all teams as before Depending on that day, they will only play well. The important player of this team is 6 main characters from the set. "Tokyo Games" consists of Andrea Drabs, Kelzi Robinson, Haleh Washington, Georne Pole, Justeen Wong and Shia Ook Bogu.
Tier 1 confirms "N Kunku" responded to move this Chelsea Summer.|Christopher En Kunku under the Air Bei Zig in Bundesliga, Germany, is a news about the proposal to join the army. The Chelsea Football Club of the English Premier League in advance in the 2023 summer football market according to the report from David Orn Steen, the reporter Di Athletic En Ku. Growing from Paris Saint-Germain Before moving to Lypzig when summer 2019, worth 13 million euros (about 11 million pounds) and became the team's key man immediately. The season 2021/22 is the season that the best works on the route. Football and 35 goals, 20 assists from playing 52 matches when included in all items. Is the highest goalscorer of the team, while Sing Blue under the management of the new team, Todd Bohley spends over 250 million pounds, grabbing a top -level player, Weeky Fahana (72 Million pounds), Mark Gukuraya (58 million pounds), Rahim Sterling (50 million pounds), Calidu Kulibali (34 million pounds), Carey Chubu Meka ( 16 million pounds), Pierre-Emerick Obama (10 million pounds) and Gabriel Sloenina (8 million pounds). The report states that Bohley's team still needs a Big star. The reinforcement of the army in the summer, with the news with En Kunku, has been published since last week. To the extent that the person has been examined with Blue Lion Is completed before going to the contract with the new team Orn Steen Referring to a close news source confirming that the 24 -year -old shin has agreed to the pen in the preliminary contract with the team of Germ Potter, which is completed under the proposal to tear the contract with Leipzig worth more than 60 million euros. (Approximately 52.7 million pounds), which will affect this coming summer, causing the team to have more money than that, if not wanting to be cut by other teams
Before the race, there are points!Ranked "Thai young lady slap", the world championship 2022|The World Women's Volleyball Championship 2022, the second round (round 16, the final team) in the Netherlands and Poland, will be the host of the competition between 4-8 October. Successfully passed the second finalist after the Group B. was arrested in the F Group with the United States, Serbia, Germany, Canada. There are also Turkey, Poland and Dominican Republic. The opponent who met in the first round was also in the group. However, from the rules that The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has set that The team that had met in the first round Will not have to compete again By seizing the work they met in the first round, causing the Thai team to get a work in this round as well "Thai young lady slap" has a score from the first round, holding the 4th place in the table with 4 games and 10 points. It can be said that there is a chance to win in a knockout or round 8. The last team as well. (With the rankings counting from the number of games that won first And then go to measure at the reward points) for "Thai young lady slap" has a program to play in the second round. Meet all 4 competitors, consisting of the United States, Serbia, Germany and Canada in the competition. The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship during 4-8 October
"Anutin" is delighted with Moto GP "OR Thailand Grande Prix 2022". Money spread 4 billion.|Mr. Anutin Charnwirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health Presided over the opening ceremony and award for the World Championship Championship, MotoGP "OR Thailand Grande 2022" with Mr. Phiphat Ratchakit, Minister of Tourism and Sports, Dr. Kongsak Yodmanee, the Governor of the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT), Mr. Thanakiat Chanchum, Deputy Governor of the SAT, professional and boxing. As well as executives from the public and private sectors at 2 October 2022 for the Motorcycle Car Competition, MotoGP "OR Thailand Grande 2022" held. Between 30 September - 2 October 2022 at Sanam Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province All 25 competitions. The results of the competition appear that Miguel Olivia, the Portuguese racer from the Red Bull KTM, the first victory line, followed by Jack. Miller and Francesco Bandhaya, 2-3, respectively. The 3-day competition has received overwhelming response from tourists around the world who flocked to see about 178,463 people and there are audiences. More than 800 million live broadcasts around the world create overall income in Buriram province. And other provinces, approximately 4,048 million baht, divided into 3,592 million baht for the expenditure of the participants and about 456 million baht in the public and private investment. In addition, the employment increased by 3,800 positions as well. Arana Sport also announced the MotoGP competition in the 2023 season, with the Thailand field being packed as the 18th field of the competition season between 27-29 October 2023 at the Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province. And will be held for another 5 years Which is considered an important key to driving the country's tourism economy in accordance with the Sport Tourism policy
Hilarious!Muang Thong pulled "Rayewash" to help "Mario".|Muang Thong United Club, Green Light for Mario Yurovski, pulled Milovan Rashewash, a former Thai national team coach, sitting in the position of Technical Director (Technical Director), helping Mario Yurovski to help. Kirin is back again. In which the person will travel in time Before meeting with the Port Authority on October 9, Wisalak Thongthong, the president of Muang Thong United club revealed that The Green Light Club for Coach Jomario Yurovski pulled Milovan Rayewash to help develop the team. Which is believed to be a good thing Both in the short and long term with the development of Muang Thong football team This time, Milovan Rachawash will sit in the position of Technical Director in Thunder Dome. Stadium for Milovan Rachawatch in the past used to be a coach for the Thai national team and also led the Ghana national team. Entering the World Cup final as well. "Rayewash" will arrive as soon as possible. Before Muang Thong went on the field to meet with the FC Port Authority on Sunday 9 October
War Elephants U17 Lad Fah to VietnamPrepare for the Asian Championship|War Elephants U17 Lad Fah to Vietnam Prepare for the Asian Championship Age not over 17 years, the qualifying round of "Coach Kob" emphasized the team to fight for Thailand on October 3, 2022 at 8:00 pm, the Thai national football team, aged not over 17 years, arrived at Nana Chin bye Airport. Vietnam Already To fight the Asian Championship Under the age of 17, the qualifying round, in which the Thai national team is in the group F, together with Nepal, Taiwan and Vietnam, after traveling to "Coach Kob", the weakened head coach team, Chang War Junior Gave an interview that "Now our team has improved respectively after we practice hard and intense. After this it will be a tactics. And methods to play with various teams Which, of course, is different But we still have the concept that we put. "" After knowing that Timor Has withdrawn from the competition and will affect all groups Because there will be no scores with the fourth team of each group Here I think it's not a problem for us. Since we aim to enter the next round, our work is to overcome all teams. But now we have to focus on the game. And must be missed as little. "" Previously, we have practiced since 27 September and we have 4 days of practice in Vietnam as determined by AFC. We have to try to make the kick be the most ready for the game. Especially as a day -to -day competition, so the fitness is important. "" Would like to emphasize the players that we come to do this duties Represent the country I want everyone to determine, I believe that the results of the effort will give us a reward for the value back. "For the Thai national football team, under the age of 17, there is a program for the Asian Football Championship Qualifier. Under 17 years of age in Pura, Vietnam, has the following programs: Thailand meets Nepal at Vietnam Tri Stadium on October 5, 2022 at 16.00 hrs. October 7, 20:00 at 16.00 Thai met Vietnam at Vietnam Tri Stadium, October 9, 2022 at 19.00 hrs.
That's so much!"Rio" pointed out that Manchester United did not honor "Ronaldo" and "Casemiro".|Rio Ferdinand, the legendary defender of Manchester United, believed that his old club was showing no honor to Cristiano Ronaldo and Casemiro after the game they lost. Chester City in the Premier League, the latest game, the Red Devils team attacked by Pep Guardiola's team, chasing the stadium in Etihad Stadium with a score 6-3 from the hat. The Rick of Erming Halnd and Phil Foden, while this game, 2, the former Real Madrid footballers can only have the name on the backup bench only. Casemiro moved from Real Madrid with a fee of about 70. Million pounds and just started the real Europa League game. In the latest game, he was sent to the field instead of Scott Macitomay in the 59th minute, while Ronaldo was not part. Any joint This makes Ferdinand see Eric Ten Hak and Manchester United are not respecting both. "Casemiro is another person sitting on the side of the field and thinking that - I have been the UEFA Champions League for 5 times.- He is a remarkable receiver midfielder. It is one of the best midfielders in the world before moving to Manchester United, but he has not yet received the opportunity. He has not had the opportunity to play like everyone else. He moved in and became a real Europa League game to meet with any team. "" He has not started to start. Despite fitness and ready I wonder if it may have an impact on people like him. I think we will see both (Casemiro and Ronaldo) but think about the context of the game that the team is encountering. They may be played in the Europa League in the middle of the week, which is not suitable for both. "
Thai vs Canada: 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship, Statistics, Live broadcast|The World Women's Volleyball Championship 2022, the second round in the Netherlands and Poland will be the host of the competition between October 4-8, in the second round. "The Thai national team slap", the 13th team in the world, will start the first game with Canada, the 15th North American team in the world in Lodz, Poland, which this pair had previously met in The year 2000, a total of 3 times. It turns out that "Thai female slap" can be overcome all. We try to see the past work. Before meeting this evening, Head 2, the last 2 times: Thailand won 3, Canada won 014 June 2022: Canada lost to Thailand 0-3 (Nation League) 19 June 2021: Thailand won Canada. 3-1 Set (Nation League) July 26, 2003: Thai beat Canada 3-1 set (World Group Prix). For the Thai national team, the program will enter the first game with Canada on Tuesday 4 October 2022. At 8:00 pm, fans can watch live broadcasts on Workpoint Channel 23.
The degree that the doctor!The good media opened the warp "Isbella", the main sweetheart, the main cannon (picture).|The Sun Media of England Presenting the story of the sweetheart Gabriel Martinelle, Arsenal's talented football, with a magnificent profile, not allergic to the appearance. The medical student and also a big fan of Arsenal, so she was very pleased that the sweetheart was serving the agency in the present. While also continuously entering the field until the artillery team holds the position of the Premier League at the moment, the report stated that Both have just been in a relationship for less than 1 year, but Isabella always appears on the Emirates Stadium in the color of the cannon. Rio Deja Niro, she likes tourism around the world. And there are nearly 4.5 thousand Instagram followers. Allowing the fans to press the heart regularly for Martinelle Lee, 21, shot for the cannon in the league 3 goals and the main character of the Miguel Arteta coach, including having a chance to win the team. The Brazilian nation fled the World Cup final Qatar 2022 at the end of this year.
How much?Bon "Thai girl" opportunity to win the world championship|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Competition arrived in the second round. That must be said that only the tough team This round will continue to compete in the Netherlands and Poland, who are hosting the competition between October 4-8, with the latest BWIN, a famous gambling company. Has opened the odds of the nation that can beat the way to win the championship The World Women's Volleyball Championship 2022, after the 16 teams in the second round of play, it appears that Teng 1 is the Italian that has just shown excellent form. Won the Nations League 2022 in July, while the United States of America, the Golden Academy of the Olympic Games 2020, is a two -part Teng ". The Thai nation. "This tournament is considered to be watched very much after doing a great job in the first round. It was given to the 10th favorite of the program at the rate of betting 1, 67, equal to the Netherlands. The host in this competition is for legal odds in the gambling industry. Considered as a number that has been analyzed thoroughly, both from the form of playing, work and probability. Because it has a great effect on the income of the gambling company That causes credibility in the global sport industry. The odds of the team win the championship. World Women's Volleyball Championship 2022 Italy: Tab 1, not including the US capital: bet 1, not including the funds: 1 bet 5, not including Brazil: Tab 1, 8, not including Chinese scholarships: 1 bet 10. Not including Turkish funds: Bin 1, not including Japan Scholarships: Tab 1, not including the Dominican Republic: Stab 1, 34, not including Poland Scholarships: Tab 1, 51, not including the Netherlands: 67 bet, excluding Thai capital. : Tab 1, 67, not including Belgium funds: bet 1, 81, not including Germany capital: bet 1, not including Canada capital: bet 1, not including Puerto Rico: Stab 1, not including Argentine capital. Tina: Stab 1, get 501, excluding capital for "The Thai girl slapped army" the second round was organized in the F Group with the United States, Serbia, Germany, Canada. There are also Turkey, Poland and Dominican Republic. The opponent who met in the first round Also in the group Which will compete during this 4-8 October
This winter!"Ten Hak" Green Light "Ronaldo" moved the Makraom football team.|Eric Ten Hak became news and released Cristiano Ronaldo from the Manchester United team of the English Premier League football in the January football market, as the Portuguese Star. need According to the report from Telegraph, the media of the elite. But until the end, the person continued to trade in the Old Trafford, but it was limited to the opportunity to enter the field at this time, with Ronaldo just entering the field in the league game only 1. Only for the 7 games in this season. The latest report from the media stated that Ten Hak is ready to allow Ronaldo to move out of the Red Devils in January if there is an interesting proposal. Referred to by using the Qatar World Cup 2022, creating works to meet other Big team. Ronaldo has not been involved in the latest game. The Manchester Darby battle in Manchester United invaded to pay attention to Manchester City to Etihad Stadium with a 3-6 score, with only the name on the bench. While the former Manchester United football gurus expressed their opinions in one voice that Ten Hak shows dishonesty and the name of Ronaldo, which in the long run may have a negative effect on the Dutch manager. "I think he should have moved out of the team since the past market," Roy Keane, the legendary Red Devils, "but it turned out that the manager held him. Understand that he needs the best resources in the team. But you don't do it with Ronaldo by holding him on a bench. He is one of the best players. He already has options on the team. The idea that the resources in the team are not enough. Nonsense. Ten Hak has 4-5 players who are good options except him. "
My dear or not?FIVB selects this picture of "Thai girl", attached to the house of the world rubber ball (picture).|VolleyballWorld The official website of The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has collected colors during the competition. The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland hosted after the first round of 4 groups A, B, C and D, including 60 games. FIVB has selected some images that are considered impressive events during Throughout the last 10 days of the competition for the fans to watch, it turns out that the International Volleyball Federation Decided to choose a picture of the Thai national team as one of the 10 images that impressed the rubber fans around the world The picture was the rhythm of the victory after being able to overcome Turkey 3-2 sets in the default game before writing a description of the picture that "Do not wait for the first victory of the Thai team when they can overturn the Turkish team 3-2 sets from the second day of the tournament." At the same time, the image was also honored as a cover image. Of the Volleyball World page as well. For the impressive story of "Thai young lady slap" in the world volleyball competition Regardless of the player In the past, he had continuously received praise. To create happiness from their smiles, send to the fans That has been seen all over the world Until causing many nations to share their hearts Click to see all images.
"Tank" got the 4th one -time queue to protect the world.|The Royal Muay Thai, Flyweight Muay Thai, "Tang Chit Muang Non" has returned to perform the world championship. With a queue to prevent the belt with "Joseph Lazri", the Thai boxing throne Red label That may hunt up the second belt in the bigger version after the "tank" is distant from the prevention of more than 2 years, with the last time holding the sticky belt from the old rival. In July 63, after that, the Phatthalung superstar was given the opportunity to fight the kickboxing rules. Superfight Muay Thai 3 raised and special rules of Muay Thai x MMA before participating in the One Muay Thai World Grand Prix, the Flyweight model and must withdraw due to the weight of the weight of the month. The past Aug. However, now "tanks" are ready to come back to maintain the world championship. To maintain the Flyweight Muay Thai Boxing Belt (135 P.), with the 4th partner with Korn Korn, Makkari, "Joseph Lazi", which has just been on the Muay Thai Muay Thai (125 P. ) Come to damp after pulling the belt from "The moon PK Saenchai Muay Thai Gym "When May the past and intended to chase the second belt from the Thai world champion, this pair has a queue in one Fight Night 4 Saturday battle. Nov 65 at 07.00 hrs. In Thailand, fans can follow the news and progress of this battle on Facebook One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc.com.
Can't fight the blog!Thai women volleyball defeated Canada 1-3, opened the second round.World Championship 2022|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host between 23 September - 15 October 2022, the final 16 group stage competition in Atlas Arena, Lodz, Poland. The world's 13th Thai volleyball team on the world, the first match of this round, met with the world's number 15 team in the world today. "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwatcharamethakul sent the first 6 players, consisting of Pornphan Kerd, the captain of the team. , Chatch Urmoksri, Thaddao Kidmai, Handbathsuk, Pimphichaya Gulm and Atcharaporn Kongyot, the first set of Canada, began vigorously. Quick the rhythm before 4 points from the beginning of the set Thai girls try to chase and slap but not absolutely enough. Causing Canada to win 25-19 up. Bring a Thai girl 1-0 set. The two Thai girls try to solve the game by playing football faster. But Canada girl refuses easily Use a variety of slap and blog that is still working well. Before accelerating the end of the set to win another 25-21 points, the Thai girl slapped team to 2-0 sets. The three sets of the game are still close. Both teams take turns and take turns throughout the set. But in the end, a Thai girl slap uses sharpness at the right time Into the sign with a score of 25-23, chasing up to 1-2 sets, four Thai girls trying to speed up the score But the big obstacle is slapped through the Canadian girl blog. In addition, the torn is not good enough. Make it a Canada beat another 25-22 points. Close the game with victory over the Thai girl 3-1 set for the next appointment program. Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet Germany national team on Wednesday 5 October 65 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
"Worasak" beat Chainchai Sin!Thailand slashed Takikistan 3-2, cutting off the playoffs, a small table of Asian Champion 2022|The battle "AFC Futsal Asian Cup 2022" Round 8, the last 8 teams at Sapa Al Abdullah Hall Kuwait City, 4 October 2022 at 21:00 hrs. The game between the Thai national team met the national team of Tajikistan. This game has "Big Plop" Adisak Benjasiriwan. Vice President of the Football Association of Thailand Futsal and the beach football along with "Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, the Thai Futsal team manager Send cheering on the edge of the field Among the Thai fans in Kuwait, who came to cheer for 100 people. This game, Carlos Sezar, the real 5 is the Kithan Khampha (GK), Panas Kitti Phanuwong, Itthichat Prapaphan, Jesada Choodet and Warut Wang Samal, just starting the game for just 2 minutes, has quickly taken the goal out of the back of the back at Itti Prapaphan to pay Panas Kitti Phanuwong. Dipped in the legs of Taki Tisan Go in for the score to move first. 1-0 in the second minute, 28 minutes, Tajikistan came to get a rival door until the rhythm The corner kick and the ball reached Vazitza Ikli at the second pole to score the same score at 1-1 and 34 minutes. Shot to the second pole and Jovaris, resting the ball to the score, turning back to Thailand 2-1, but the 35 minutes of Thailand came to rival quickly from the rhythm. Power Play and Wang Wang Samel, who flows down to Jesada Choodet, pressed with the left for the last minute to get a goal and Worasak Sri Lang Phairoj. Which turned into the end of the Thai game, defeating Takiistan 3-2 through the semi-final round for the 8th time from the 16 competitions. The semifinals meet with the Iran national team on October 6, 2092 at 23:59 hrs. In Thailand, live broadcast on AIS Play and Eleven Sports.
Inter opened the house, slaughter Barcelona 1-0 Champions League|The UEFA Champions League Group C Group C between Inter Milan opens the Juzepae Pepperza arena. Meet the giant Barcelona from Spain International. But the good news is that the Fit is able to enter the field as a real one. By pairing with Correa Barca side has a problem in the right -back position. This game is the opportunity for Roberto to stand stationed. The left -back is Alonso. While the offensive line has no problem Led by Saman Dodovski, Dembele, Rafinya. The results show that This game has only one goal. Which is the host side that has a goal from Hakan Chal Hano Lu in the first half of the injury. Inter slash Barca 1-0 from this victory, making "Snake Big" with 6 points from 3 matches in the 2nd group. C, "Barca" has 3 points in 3
Bayern arranged in front of the Victoria 5-0 bombarding the Champions League Group C.|Bayern Munich opened the house to beat Victoria President 5-0. Collect 9 full points. Champions League season 2022-23, group stages, Group C 3, Tiger Bayern Munich from Germany, opens the Allianz Arena's visit of Victoria Prikan from Czech. Bayern Lacking many players as well. Muller and Kim Mich have a cow, so Grofen Burg and Knabi start instead. Bucha, who is still banned and alternating with some positions, the results showed that Bayern Munich beat Victoria Pleinsen with 5-0 overwhelm. 51, Zerej Knabri, the 13th minute, Sadio Mane, the 21st minute and Eric Machapo-Moting for the 59th minute. From the victory, Bayern kept more 9 points. Full from 3 matches, leading the crowd of the group. Victoria kicked 3 matches, losing a sink of the group.
Win 2 games, get stuck!Liverpool open the nest, smash Rangers 2-0 UEFA.|The UEFA Champions League Group A group between "Reds" Liverpool opened the house with Rangers at Anfield. On Tuesday night, October 4, the game began for 3 minutes. The home team almost got. Alexander Arnold passed the ball into the penalty area of ​​the ball into Darin Nuz, running in full press, but Allan McGregor smashed out for the 7th minute. " The Reds "came to win the free kick in front of the penalty area of ​​the Alexander Arnold, spinning with the right, the ball rushed through the wall before squeezing the pole into Liverpool. Add Jordan Henderson, scoop the ball into the penalty area for Darwin Nuz to catch the ball down and be compressed with the right, but Allan McGregor still has all the first half. "Reds" also lead. 1-0 to come back to play in the second half of the 53th minute. The host came to the penalty from the moment that Louis Diaz was hit by Leon King, immediately fell down the referee and Mohamed Salah. Missed Liverpool for 2-0 minutes. The 84th. The visiting team should have a shallow goal from the Baby Baby when Do, who dragged into the penalty area before shooting the legs of Alizon. Extracting in time to finish the game "Reds" Liverpool opens the house, defeating Rangers 2-0, collecting three points, another match 2 with 6 points after Napoli. Of both Liverpool teams (4-2-3-1): Alizon Bake -Trent Alexander Arnold (Joe Gomez, 90+3), Chal Matipe, Fergil Van Di, Costa Simicas - Jordan Henderson (Fabinho 70), Tiago Alkantara (James Milner N. 81) - Mohamed Salah, D.O. Ko Chota (Roberto Firmino, N. 69), Louis Dia -Darwin Nuz (Harvia Elliot, N. 80) Rangers (5-4 -1): Allan McGregor -James Towerier, Connor Goldson, Ben Davis (Glenn Kamara 81), Leon King, Bornna Barisic - Malik Tilman (Fashion Sakala, 66) John Landstam, Steven Davis (Ryan Jack, 66), Ryan Kent (Baby Mato N. 81) - Alfred Moorelose (Antonio Colok, 73)
Official!"Athaya" on the second hand, "Ko Jin Young" is still holding 1 hand.|"Prince of Chinese" Athaya Thitikul Pro Golf Golf Thai Officially moved up to hold the second hand of the world While the number 1 in the world is still the same person, "Ko Jin Young" from South Korea, Proteya Ataya Thitikul, a Thai golfer Move up to be the second hand in the world officially after the 4th place in the LPGA Tour competition with a total of 12 -under -par scores from the champion 6 Stroke to receive 86,874 prize money. US dollars, or about 3.3 million baht, getting the 4th place in this program, making "Prince" Ataya Thitikul Pro 19 -year -old move the world ranking from the 3rd place to hold the 2nd rank from the latest ranking with the average score. 7.48 Nelly Corda Pro 2, the current person who has not passed the cutting of this program Fell to the 3rd place, while the number 1 is still Ko Jin Young in South Korea. The 3rd place in the world is Nelle Corda, a golfer from the United States, the 4th place in the world, Min Jin Lee from the country. Australia and the 5th in the world are New Zealand Golfers for The next competition like LPGA Mediheal Championship, which will compete during October 6-9 in California, United States, with the "Prince" Athaya Thitikul leading the Thai girl golf.
Attach the top 5 of the world!The latest update "1 Thai girl" shine in the world tire championship (picture)|Despite the first match in the group stage 16, the final team in the 2022 World Championship is not very beautiful for the Thai national women's volleyball team that defeats the Canada national team. Going to turn 1-3 sets in the early hours of yesterday, but the latest Volleyball World website of the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has collected the real-time statistics of the participating players, divided into players that The highest total score, player who slapped the highest score, player with the best, players who served the best, the best set, the player that digs the ball from the floor is the best. And players who accept the children of the most It appears that now there are 1 Thai players who are stuck in the top 5 in the best set. Which cannot be anyone except "Captain Chompoo" Pornphan Kerdpra, who has set up a friend to score 54 times, and the leader of the Chinese Zhangin Ven's 83 times and Joannavalz of Poland 82 times in other areas. The interesting Thai girl with a name is Pimphichaya Gulm, ranked 9th in the highest total players and the 7th player who slapped the highest score for the next appointment program. Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet Germany national team on Wednesday 5 October 65 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
How is it possible?Comments on various angles "Thai girls" defeat Canada Luk Luk Luk Luk Yang World Championship|Smoke lost the defeat of The Thai national women's volleyball troops on Canada 1-3 sets in the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Competition in Lodz. Poland On Tuesday night, October 5, in the game "Thai national team slap", although trying to fight to the utmost, but not able to resist the strength of competitors that are well prepared Before finally losing We try to see the opinions from the fans. Around the world, comments that 1 This is the greatest match in Canada. They play like a top 10 team in the world and they can develop more. It's not an easy job to overcome the Thai team with annoying defensive games. But in this game, they control the advantages of excellent blocks. However, I wish the Thai team lucky in the next game. Comments 2, I wish the Thai team lucky in the next game. And hope that they will pass the disappointment in this game The loss may be a great teachings! Comments 3, whether Thailand loses or winning, they always love each other. God bless you Do not give up from the 4th Brazil Cam News fans. This game, the Thai team encountered a problem with blogging. And attacks from the middle to now "Thai girls" have to struggle for the 4th place, but no matter what, they are in my heart. 5 It is unbelievable that the Thai team will lose Canada. It is a game that is a shame. Comments 6 Canada play well today. Can score in many ways However, I fell in love with the Thai team and will support you forever. Please keep the spirit of being a fighter. Play with high spirit Regardless of which team you play with, please smile. Their smiles are charming. People all over the world fall in love with your comments. 7 I almost didn't believe the results of the competition that I saw Canada developed a lot. May the Thai team lucky in the comments page that 8 It is a great victory for Canada from the results of the competition in this game, causing competitors to look at them again. 9 No matter what happens today Or how bad today will look Life must continue And tomorrow it will improve I cheered Khun Thailand. Comments 10 Thai girls really fight every point, but Canada is well prepared. It seems that they know every movement of competitors. Comments 11, why the competition is still using this referee. He used to do a few years ago. I thought that FIVB chased him out for a long time, comments 12, the disadvantage of the Thai team in this game was to lose a lot of retort. In addition, the ball hit is not possible as intended. 13 It was the result of Canada lost to Thailand in the last two games. They have prepared a team to deal in this game very well, both the offensive game and the game is really strong, while Thailand has to say that playing is lower than the standard. And there are a lot of errors that 14 This game shows the weaknesses of the Thai team very well. The general characteristics of the Thai team are similar to Japan. But in the sub -details, it seems that there is still a few big players Which, if they have to believe that they will definitely fight with the European team 15 must give the work to the Canadian coach team. Who do homework to deal with Thai girls as well World -class competition is considered fun. Every match 16, what happened? It seems that the Thai team is not focusing on this game. It makes me worried that they may not be ready for the next final round. 17 I feel bad about this referee who has decided this game. After he had a bad history in the decision between Thailand and Japan, in the Olympics to the Olympics at Brazil, the 18th game, this team has many errors. Every team that passed this finalists do not overlook the comments No. 19, don't worry. I am still happy with Thai girls. Forget this game and start again.
Latest world ranking"Thai girl volleyball" after defeating Canada World Rubber|Thai national women's volleyball team That is competing in a big program like The World Championship 2022, the second round in the Netherlands and Poland is the host of the competition by the latest game "Thai girl slap", the first game, meet with Canada, the team from North America, ranked 15 in the world before losing. Go 1-3, miss out. Unfortunately, which the latest The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has officially announced the new world rankings. It appears that the Thai girl volleyball team Which was originally ranked 13th in the world by having 229 points to be deducted by 10 points from the defeat in the said game, causing "The Thai girl slapped army" fell to the 14th in the world with 219 points while Canada is still ranked 15th in the world, but there are 208 points on the continent. "Thai young lady slap" is still ranked 3rd in Asia, which is second to China, with 345 points and the 2nd Japanese in Asia with 311 points. For the Thai national team, the program will continue to play the game with Germany. On Wednesday 5 October 2022 at 8:00 pm. Fans can watch live broadcasts on Workpoint Channel 23.
Thailand vs Germany: 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball, Statistics, Live broadcast|The World Women's Volleyball Championship 2022, the second round in the Netherlands and Poland will be the host of the competition between October 4-8, in the second round. "Thai national team slap", the 14th team in the world, will enter the game. The second game meets Germany, a strong team from Europe, ranked 13 in the world in Lodz, Poland. Said that it was very close Both the world ranking and work. We try to see the past work. Before meeting this evening, Head To Head 5, the last 5 times: Thailand won 3, Germany won 212 June 2021: Thailand won Germany 3-1 set (Nation League) May 21, 2019: Thailand won. Germany 3-0 set (Nation League) 30 May 2018: Germany won Thai 3-2 sets (Nation League) 08 June 2017: Germany won Thai 3-1 set June 2016: Thailand won Germany 3-1 set (World Grand Prix). For the Thai national team, there is a program to enter the first game with Germany on Wednesday 5 October 2022 at 8:00 pm. Fans can watch the broadcast. Fresh via workpoint Channel 23
It's time!The famous media "Ten Hak" prepares to send "Gazemiro" for the first time in the Premier League.|Casemiro, a very experienced midfielder, Manchester United has a high chance of playing in the first league. On this Sunday, The Telegraph reported that Eric Tenhak prepares to send Gazeo, the 30 -year -old. The first year was the first time in the Premier League game to invade Everton at the Everton at Gudison Par. On this Sunday, the Brazilian football moved from Real Madrid to Manchester United with a fee of 70 million pounds (including Ad. -Onse) in the past summer And was seen as this correction Because the Red Devils lacked the midfielder for a long time, however Ever since Gaasemo moved to football in a dream theater He has never started the real one in the Premier League at all. By the latest match that was attacked by the city, wrinkled by the football fans and the former players who were wrinkled to be a reserve. '' On the day we signed him to join the team. We can win And it's about the team, '' Tenhag said earlier, '' the team is really going. It is not against Gaasemiro, but it is because Scott McTamanay has done a great job with the team. And we can continue to victory. '' '' But in the long run and short -term (Casemiro), it is important to us. He will definitely find his perfect point on the team. But it must be natural. ' Since moving to the Red Devils The only game that is the Europa League with Real Society at the beginning of last month.
Can see clearly!"Atcharaporn" revealed that the reason that the Thai young lady lost to the Canada girl (picture)|Gleaning after the final 16 group stages in the 2022 World Championship at the Thai national women's volleyball team opened his head in Group F, not very beautiful. With defeat Canada national team Went to turn 1-3 sets in the early hours of yesterday after the competition "Pure" Atcharaporn Kongyot, the beautiful pole of the Thai girl slapped the international media interview Revealing the reason why this match is because the machine is hot Combined with tired physical conditions But do not forget to give credit to competitors as well. "This game is quite slow. With our physical condition that may encounter 2 heavy battle, it allows us to get out of the match. "" Canada side He solved our game very well. Like intend to win in this match As in the Nations League, he lost us. So I felt that he had done my homework quite well. And today, we may have been out of the form of ourselves quite a lot, "Atcharaporn said for the next appointment program. Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet Germany national team on Wednesday 5 October 65 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Follow the plan!"Canadian national team coach" pointed out the important point to take the team to win Thailand successfully.|Considered as a victory that has received a lot of praise for Canadian national women's volleyball That can turn over "Thai young lady slap" in the World Championship 2022, the second round on Tuesday night, October 4, by this match, "Canada girl" under the leadership of Chawawinzer Coach. The only woman from a total of 16 nations in the second round. Doing a great job before defeating 3-1 set (25-19, 25-21, 23-25 ​​and 25-22) after the game She gave an interview to the media of the association that "I think we do very well with playing as planned. We maintain the form of playing regularly throughout the competition. "At the same time, she also revealed a major turning point in the fourth set that "During the third set We are the loser of the reason that we try to close the game. By focusing on scores from being slapped too much. "" But after that, we returned to compete in the fourth set. We went back to play calmly like in the first two sets. We have a way to play that is calm. Read the game rhythm well. And moved to close the free space as possible Then we try to control what we can. And suitable for our play. "The Canadian team coach opens up for the number 15 Canadian national volleyball volleyball in the world. Never been to the second round of the World Championship. This time, they aim to make it for the first time with the remaining three games.
Investing like this!"Canada Coach" before the game beat ThailandWorld Championship Battle (Clip)|Regarded as a fume after the game "Thai young lady slap" is a loser to Canadian national team 1-3 sets in the World Women's Volleyball Championship 2022, the second round on Tuesday, October 4, with a clip during the warmth period before the game of the athlete, but it turns out that Chan Non Win Centra coach, Canada Come back and stare at the practice rhythm, score on the side of the Thai side. This work makes fans. Thai people in the online world come out to comment a lot, whether "Stand to watch that much. Think that the Thai team coach, hahahaha", "Elder, standing, staring, pushing, pushing." Collect every detail ", which after the game, she opened up to this success that "I think we do very well with playing as planned. We keep the form of playing regularly throughout the competition until we can successfully overcome Thai girls. "For Canadian national women's volleyball Currently, the 15th place in the world has never been to the second round of the World Championship. This time, they aim to make it for the first time with the remaining three games in this round.
The cool one!"Carragher" chooses 2 important keys, taking Arsenal this high season.|Jamie Carragher, the legendary Liverpool, revealed the name of the 2 key of the Arsenal of the English Premier League, who led the team this season, with the leader of the group after passing the field 8. Appointment with the winning 7 losing 1, with 21 points. "Cannon" continues to form a continuous competition in the weekend with the war. North London Don Don Derby attacked Tottenham Hotspur, the city with a 3-1 score. Carragher stated the name Gabriel Chess and William Saliba are 2. The Keyman Chet Stepped up as the main force in the Miguel Arteta book immediately after moving from Manchester City when the summer was approximately 45 million pounds, while Saliba was called back after Lending 3 consecutive seasons for Saint-Etienne, Nice and Marxse. "Many people think that at this time, Spurs will step up to the point where Arsenal is this season," Carra said on Sky. Spots. "I have seen the golden spur chicken army to deal with the criticism of the form of play. But with the method of Conte to put on the Paradise, Lilie Wates is considered the signature of the person. If the team can pass the ball in the final border 3-4 times, then they probably have already brought in the first half of the Emirates Stadium. "" While Arsenal must admire them as well. The team has released impressive this season. The speed of the game is excellent. And signing their 2 football contracts, but with Saliba may not be a new football that has just been signed, but with Chaseus, he can immediately rewarry the team level. "
It's time for the championship!"Petch Tung" aimed at the queue to kick the kickboxing "Hiroki", one November 19 Nov|"Petch Thanong Phet Fergus" Thep Kik Boxing Thai Prepare to fight for the world championship belt. With the current throne "Hiroki Akimoto" Japanese people on the first partner of the One 163 battle that will be broadcasted on Saturday 19 November at 17:30 hrs. "Petch Thanong" in The 4th ranking challenger of the King Boxing Boxing It is another hope of the representative of Thailand to compete for the World Championship Belts to go home again after "Kapitan Phet Yindee, Academy" lost this championship for "Hiroki" in March. In the age of 36 years, although launched in One is not very beautiful by losing the world shock for "Kapitan", but he came back to make excuses by showing a good form to overcome the rival from the dragon. "Zhang Cheri. "In September 2021 and held the position of the 4th challenger of this version of the force, while the" Hiroki "current world champion, 30 years old from the Samurai Dan did a great job in one. The winning statistics in the last 5 fighters, including pulling the belt from "Kapitan", sitting in the throne instead of success This time, it is an important opportunity for the owner of the Muay Thai boxing belt and 16 kickboxing lines to get close to the One One World Championship that he is determined to grab. With the hope of following his best friend. "Nong Oh, a five -star grilled chicken." Bantamweight and "Super Bon Sing Mawin" King Bog Flat models, fans can follow the news and progress of One 163 battle on Facebook One Championship Thailand and the website www.onefc.com.
Fight!Thai women volleyball defeat Germany 1-3 World Championship 2022|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host between 23 September - 15 October 2022, the final 16 group stage competition in Atlas Arena, Lodz, Poland. The 14th Thai women's volleyball team on the world on the first match of this round, met with the world's 13th Germany team. Today, "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwatcharamethakul sent the first 6 players, consisting of Pornphan Kerd, the Captain of the Captain. , Chatch Urmoksri, Thaddao Kidmai, Handbathsuk, Pimpichaya Gulm and Atcharaporn Kongyot, the first set of beer city, began to be more vigorously. By slapping a heavy score and blogging that is well resisting Thai women's attacking games Causing the winner to win 25-19 points, leading a Thai girl 1-0 set, two sets of Thai rubber girls began to catch the rhythm better But the German girl is not easy Use the shape that is more advantageous than accelerating the score at the end of the set. Grinding over a Thai girl for another 25-23 points, moving to 2-0 set. Coordinate well in the defensive and more diverse game in the offensive game. Resulting in a beat of 25-18 points to be shallow to 1-2 sets. The four beer city sets are fierce again. As for Thai girls, try to fight their best to score closely. But in the end he couldn't resist the heavyness It is Germany who squeezed into the win of 25-23 points. The competition is over with a victory over a Thai girl 3-1 set for the next appointment program. Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet Serbia national team On Friday, October 7, 65 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Thai vs Serbia: 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball, Statistics, Live broadcast|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host of the competition between 23 September - 15 October 2022, group stage 16, the final team, F. First Thai Farm, the top 14 in the world, has a queue on the field. The 3rd meeting with the 3rd Serbian national team in the world and the old champion this program 4 years ago, we try to look back at the last 5 matches. How did Thai girls and Serb meet? What are the results? Before fighting again today, Head To Head 5, the last 5 times: Thailand won 2, Serbia won 302/06/22, Thailand won the Serbia 3-2 (Nations League) 01/06. /21 Thai lost to Serbia 0-3 (Nation League) 02/08/19 Thai loses Serbia 0-3 (Olympic Qualifying Round) 11/06/19 Thai won Serbia 3-0 (Nation Science) 22/05/18 Thai loses Serbia 1-3 (Nation League) for the Thai national women's volleyball. Will enter the field to meet Serbia national team On Friday, October 7, 65 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Thailand vs United States: 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship, Statistics, Live broadcast|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host of the competition between 23 September - 15 October 2022, group stage 16, the final team, F. First Thai Farm, the top 14 in the world, has a queue on the field. Finally, meet the 3rd US national team in the world (the latest update today). Let's look back at the last 5 matches. How do Thai women and Americans meet? Before fighting again today, Head To Head 5 times the last 5 times: Thailand won 0, United States won 519/06/22 Thai, losing to the United States 1-3 (Nation League) 02/06/21. United States 0-3 (Nation League) 20/06/19 Thai Lost to the United States 0-3 (Nation League) 03/10/18 Thai Lost US 2-3 (World Championship) 31/05/18 Thai losing United States 0-3 (Nation League) for the Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet US national team On Saturday 8 October 2018 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Wrong score!Foreign comments"Thai women volleyball" after the game lost Germany|2 matches have passed for the Thai female rubber team. In the 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Competition, the final 16 group stages in the Netherlands and Poland are hosted by the work in Group F. The Thai girl slap team entered the latest match yesterday. Before defeating the Germany national team 1-3 sets, causing both of them to victory after the day before losing 1-3 sets of Canada. Today, we have some comments from YouTube Volleyball World and Power Volleyball at Foreign volleyball fans talk about the game that Thai girls have lost to the beer city. Let's see what they have. ------------------------------- ----- Lee Faier continues to fight, the Thai team. Regardless, always supporting KMZ. TY We do not forget the hard work and the happiness that you all give to volleyball fans around the world, all love you. But today, the Thai team is not playing well. But want to know that I always encourage You guys are still awesome. Raising his face and wading forward. Dilshad didn't really understand. Turkey slapped Germany easily 3-0, Germany compressed Thai 3-1, but Thailand won Turkey 3-2. What is it? UNCLE Charlie always cheers the Thai team. You guys do your best. Step forward. ANA is sorry, the Thai team. The next match is not easy, but please fight with love from Brazil. WB WB Thai girl, don't give up. Correct the mistake. They walked the right way. Kevin Smith, the Thai team should be able to overcome easily. Wyng, USA and Sir Bien, meet Thailand. Can say that more than this Chris Ludlam, the Thai team is good. But the game image is like the day that you lost to Canada I feel that if there is a little more lucky today, Thailand may not be able to win easily to meet with a team like Germany at this big blog, fighting, waiting to cheer as before. 2Lovein. Love to see these players. They played their best and always smiled. Including competitors as well Whether winning or losing I am my heart. You guys are inspiration. Anyway, love! Around The World played well in both teams. But Thailand is a little luck, losing 2 games and doesn't know what to say Germany can play smarter. The Thai girl team has to go to analyze heavily. Vyl doesn't think the result will be like this. Congratulations to the Germany team with Teng ç Happy Germany, a very brutal competitor for the Thai team. The player named White Cell is impressive. Baby. P. Cheer for the Thai team as before. Anto Lacendos86 from Indonesia Always cheering for the Thai team. Tae Eun will win or lose. The Thai team smiles all the time. Phili175175 I live in Germany. But Thailand is always my favorite team. I want to see "Jack, the giant kill" Jung Gissneric. This year, only a good team. The Thai team continues to continue you. Go to the Thai team There is still the 4th chance of the group to pass the finalists. Rang Klos Thai team still encountered a small crisis. Many important players still can't call their own good form. ------------------------------------ ----- For the next appointment program Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet Serbia national team On Friday, October 7, 65 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Chelsea opens the house to attack AC Milan 3-0. The UEFA Champions League|UEFA Champions League 2022/23, Wednesday night, October 5, 2022, Chelsea 3-0 AC Milan Stadium: Stamford Bridge Chelsea opened the house to collapse AC Milan 3-0 by Got a goal from Vesley Fahana, the 24th minute, Pierre Emerick Obama Myung, 56th minute and Race James came to the end in the 62nd minute, grabbed the first 3 points in the Champions League. This season is successful. Olivier GIROUD started the game for 5 minutes. Mason Mont had shot a long distance, but Tata Ruzanu still fly to brush away. After that, Chelsea was still the domination of the ball over the raid. AC Milan tried. Control the zone and wait for the opportunity to go back to the 22nd minute. Tiago Silva has hit the penalty area, but still adds Tata Ruzanu's saving again until the 24th minute, the home team first led from the rhythm. The corner of Tiago Silva crushed to the safe of Tatazanu before bouncing into the Fafana, shooting in the 33th minute, Mason Mant sent the ball to the bottom of the net successfully. But was arrested as a advanced ball before the end of the first half. Milan had a chance to win two strokes from the rhythm of the shot in the penalty area of ​​De Keitalele, but to the safe of Capa bounced into Grunich in the way. And the chillwell that was still able to blocked narrowly, making the end of the first 45 minutes. Chelsea released 1-0rafael Leao, Wesley Fofana. Started for the next half. That James opened the right to the right ball through Tomri, entering the way, Obama, shot in the 62nd minute, Lion Blue escaped 3-0 from the rhythm of Sterling to pay in the penalty area to James. Shot to lure the target at full strength The ball plugged under the beam into the door, then still a Chelsea that was still better. By focusing on the ball knocking more on the channel As for the visiting team, even if trying to find an opportunity to make a game But still not penetrating into a dangerous area. 90. Oricy has hoped to strike at the first pole from the opening of the DEST's right side, but the ball is still overwhelming and 90 minutes. Chelsea opens the house. Sei Milan went 3-0pierre -merick. Aubameyang List of 11 real players of both teams Chelsea: Capa, Silva, Fahana, Culibali, James, Chillell, Kovashic, Loftus Sheik , Mont, Sterling, Obama Mayi Milan: Tata Ruzanu, Tomaree, Calulu, Dest, Tuna, Tanalee, Bennazer, Dektale Lay, Grunich, Lee, Shiroud
"Halnd" shot non -stop!Manchester City attacked Copenhagen 5-0, leading the Champions League Group G.|Erling Halnd continues to heat up to 2 goals, taking Manchester City, opening a house to attack FC Copenhagen, 5-0 crashes as the leader of the UEFA football match. Champions League season 2022-23 group stages Group G between '"Blue Sailboat" Manchester City opened the Etihad Stadium. There is Lapor and Di As's paired in the support and left -back Gomez to the field, and the front of Alvarez is also the real one. Central Dan and the striker chose to send karamo to play. The results showed that Manchester City beat Copenhagen for 5-0, with Manchester City getting a goal from Erling Halnd 2, 7th minute and 32, David Koshlava. Copenhagen players made their own goals in the 39th minute, Riyad Mahrez, 55 minutes from the penalty and Husian Alvarez 76th minute. From the victory, Manchester City won 3 matches in a row. Increased to 9 full points as the group of groups Opportunities for the finalists, other partners, Red Bull Salzburg won the Dinamo Sagarb 1-0. Chelsea won AC Milan 3-0 Air Bei Lipzig to win the Celtic 3- 1 Real Madrid won the 2-1 Sevillas, losing to Borussia Dortmund 1-4 Juventus, winning Makabi Haifa 3-1 Benfi Always Paris Saint Germain 1-1
The Thai national team U17 Starts Asia, Nepal 3-0|October 5, 2022 at 16.00 hrs. At Viet Tri Stadium, Asian Football Championship Age not over 17 years, qualifying for the first match F, the Thai national team, U17, meets the Nepal, this game, the world is soft, bragging. Nawat Aunprasert controls the game in the middle, starting the game, come to Thailand immediately, and the 30th minute from the corner kick at Sarunnawan, the Prasert opens the ball for Ton Tawan Punnami to go to Thailand. Before 1-0 and the only goal in the first half, the 64th minute, Thailand has a 2-0 goal from the moment that Kong Natthawong Dee added to the right before opening to the second pole to Ton Tawan Punti. Shot open at the second pole into the 78th minute. The Thai national team U17 came to Nepal away from Nepal to 3-0 from the shooting of Thanakrit Champali, the rest of the time. There was no more goal. The first three points of the Asian Championship, the next match, the Thai national team, U17 will meet with Taiwan in Vietnam Tri Stadium on October 7, 20:00 at 16.00 hrs. Tanawin (GK), Chon Soraphon Lap, Surachai Bunchari, Jiraphong Cham Sakul, Kitiphat Boon Duang, Patcharaphon Lekkul (C), Tawan Punthamunee, Krit Kan Rungrot , Saranawat Aunprasert, the Constitution
"Phiphop" receives the game Nepal, not an easy job, even winning 3-0.|After the Thai national team beat The Nepalese national team went with a 3-0 score in the game of the Asian Championship, the 5-year-old qualifying round, the coach of the Thai national team coach said, "Today's game with Nepal is a game that is not easy. at all They come to play the defensive game and wait for us to play quite difficult. "" I always tell the players that no matter who we play with anyone, must honor the opponent to do their best when there is a chance to dedicate a hundred percent. " Ton Tawan Puntamanee, who scored two goals, said, "Thanks to the teammates for helping each other. Until allowing us to successfully collect three points After we had to focus on the next appointment. " If there is no, I can't score goals. And would like us to keep the basis here until the final match. "For the next appointment program of the Thai national team, will meet with Taiwan at Vietnam Tri Stadium on October 7, 2022 at 16.00 hrs.
"Por" won the World Championship Jet Ski World Series in the United States.|Kiratikorn, beautiful skin, "Por", both strong form, Moto, winning the first world championship for Thailand in the WGP Day Jet Ski World Series 2022 in Lake Hawazu City, Ae. Rizona, Pasikorntikorn, beautiful skin, won the first world championship for Thailand successfully. The secondary champion is also belonging to the Thai racer "Bank" Pittiphong Kiat Kamolkul and the 3rd rank of the fruit in the new boat model, 1100 cc engine. Novice Runabout 1100 stock. Do not customize the engine. Thai jacket Grab the championship is Chayaphon Khumchang and No. 3, Nawawat, Saengthong Sri Jet Ski, World Championship. "WGP One Jet Ski World Series 2022" (WGP#1 World Series 2022) Stadium 2 - World Final in Lake Hawazu City, Arizona, USA Between 5 - 9 October 2022, the latest movement World Championship Jet Ski "WGP One Jet Ski World Series 2022" (WGP#1 World Series 2022) Stadium 2 - World Fiveline, which this year after the situation of the quota 19, resolved and unlocked various fishes in Many countries allow athletes to come to participate in this competition, in the amount of 33 nations. Today (4 October, local time) is the competition of Thai racers in the new boat model, 1100 cc engine. Do not adjust the engine ( Novice Runabout 1100 Stock). And Thai female racers The competition in this model is also the fruit of the fruit. The results of all 3 Moto appears that "Poch" Kiratikorn is beautiful, maintaining a strong form in his own version, even if you miss the first 3rd. But the other 2 moto, the remaining one roll, both Moto has sufficient scores to win the world championship in this model to win the "Bank" Pittapong Kiat Kamolkul and the 3rd rank "Fern Charan Phak. 4 Alkan Akanari, Kuwait, No. 5, the King Alrachi, Kuwait, after the game, "Posh" Kiratikorn Ngam said that the first world championship for Thailand in the competition "WGP One Jet Ski World Series 2022" (WGP#1 World Series 2022) Stadium 2 - World Final this year is happy to win the championship in this model that is their own model. Win this championship, thank you. The family that supports me to this day, "Pee Oi" Atthaphon, the owner of the 2018 Asian Games, who suggests the trend. Planning to drive and the 777 team that takes care of the boat readiness to complete, including the brothers and sisters, the Jet Sports fans who cheer for me. The next generation to compete is a semi -professional boat model, 1100 cc engine. Do not adjust the engine (Amateur Runabout 1100 Stock) and semi -professional boat models. Runabout recites. The goal is the championship. Please leave Thai fans to cheer for me. And all the Thai national team jackets too Thank you. As for the work of Thai Jet Ski in other models New boat model Do not adjust the engine (Novice Runabout Stock). This champion is Mania, Almanzuk, UAE, World Champion, Chayaphon Khum, ranked 3rd. China, Thailand and No. 5, Luisan, Philippines The ship model is semi -professional, 1100 cc engine, but the engine is the champion belonging to the Toi Schneider, the United States. As for the Thai jet Grabbed the 5th place, Supathat Fun, and No. 6, Tariwa Taro, Runabout Natural ASP. The champion and the championship belong to the King Alrachhev and the 3rd Country Alravas. Atthaphon, Khun Saka, Thailand for Thai motor sports fans And Jet Sports fans Able to cheer for the Thai national team And follow the results of the Thai national team of jetski competitions via www.jetskiprotour.com Including Facebook jetskiprotour
"Sutin Bua Tum" fired with a dreaded injection.|The Thai Futsal received a total of 1.3 million injections after the Takistan TUT. Futsal. The fighters were added to the other side. I would like to fall into the "Big Su", Sutin Bua Tum, the Thai national futsal team manager. Confirmed that there was a injection of 500,000 baht for the team to win Takikistan has been 3-2 through the semifinals. Which after the game has The Thai ambassador to Kuwaitruthammongkol came to encourage athletes and organized Thai food for athletes. "Big Su" revealed that "The past is a game that is admirable to all the hearts of the players. Is another game that we can turn back We go through the game difficult with Tajikistan. At this point, the Thai national team is not afraid of anyone anymore. The final 4 teams, we will find competitors that everyone says is the strongest competition in this program. Is Iran, but we are not afraid of the Thai national team to play for victory. "" As a team manager, there is a injection to encourage the players to increase to 500,000 baht from the original 400,000 in the game to win Takikistan. Sak Benjasiriwan President of Futsal Development Which is impressed with the fighters of all players, so add another hundred thousand, which I always emphasize that the players that Injected as just one part, we didn't come to play for money but came to play for the Thai nation. " The Thai national futsal team accepted the total injection until the semi -finals of 1.3 million baht from 2 victories, qualifying rounds, 400,000 and round 8, the final team of 5 hundred thousand programs. Thai national futsal team Will compete in the Asian Futsal Championship The semifinals meet with Iran on October 6, 2022 at 23.59 hrs. On the time of Thailand, broadcast live via AIS Play and Eleven Sport.
Want to meet often!"White" in the middle of Germany, talking about the Thai girl slap team after the game (picture)|The movement after the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship Group, the final 16 groups in the Netherlands and Poland are hosted by the work in the F The Thai girl slap team entered the latest match yesterday. Before defeating the Germany national team 1-3 sets with a score of 19-25, 22-25, 25-18, 23-25, causing the two matches after the day before the Canadian national team 1-3 sets as well after the end. 22 -year -old Kamilla White Central Germany Blocks came out to interview about winning the Thai girl team that "When you meet you, it's always difficult." "I remember having competed with the Thai team once. I am very confused about blocking. But the match is like a good experience You have to compete with the Thai team often. In order to learn more of their games. "" This game, we have one good tactics, each point we focus on the only player. And try to communicate with teammates a lot. "" Thai players can make a variety of attacking games It's excellent to compete with them. Although this game we win But it's not really easy. "The young lady, the owner of the height 195 cm, long cast for the next appointment program. Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet Serbia national team On Friday, October 7, 65 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Gleaning the hot topic after the Chelsea game collapses 3-0 AC Milan|UEFA Champions League 2022/23, Wednesday night, October 5, 2022 Chelsea 3-0 AC Milan Stadium: Stamford Bridge, a game that Chelsea is superior to all areas. Said that the team of Graham Potter returned to the form successfully after the first two games, although not lost But the game picture must be said to be very uncomfortable But not for this game, even though the competitors have degrees to be the league champions from Italy, but today, Sing Blue Party Can be played confidently and more certainly Which can cover the ball into the game and dominate the game since the beginning of the game that almost does not allow Milan to argue, which Lion fans see this and then have some hope in the difficult season. This difficulty Potter, the true Chelsea must be after 3! One change in the game today. For Graham Potter's team is that the red label decided to use his own play plan again. Is 3-4-3 wingback, which the way of playing like this, Thomas Tubile has cultivated for the Blue Lion for many years until they almost do not have to adjust or express confusion. See even a little While also making the game images more smoothly from the goal to the offensive line Which is not certain that this may be the right way Blue Lion Under the control team of Potter, Thiago Silva took the attacking game. Today, the only AC Milan's football that seems to be able to play in the eyes than anyone is Rafaelle. The 23 -year -old Portuguese attack on both fast and fast. Go well with the ball While also having the remaining unique ability Which is the only one who seems to be anxious for the Chelsea game and also has a single rhythm into the beautiful penalty area at the end of the first half until almost rival Fortunately, today, Rez James, which is stationed in the same area, returned good form back. Resulting in helping to reduce some horror But in the overall picture, it must be said that it is not surprising that many first summer teams tried to flirt with the red demon spearhead to join the team all over the page Rafael Leao, Raheem Sterling. The fierce situation after halfway through Chelsea's game scores made after the first 3 games of the group E, the situation is still very close. Currently, Sing Blue is ranked 2nd in the table, while AC Milan won 1 draw, 1 loss, 1 with 4 points as well. Fell to the third place from the Head Head Chelsea better than the other pair in this group. Red Bull Salzburg opened the house to beat Dinamo Zagarb to make Can be collected by 5 points from winning 1 draw, 2 or more, holding the crowd by land after winning the blue lion There are only 3 points in the first match, which is still difficult to guess who will end at this time, but can say that every week, every team will have to play the biggest to do to do. Ranked to hope for the next round, Benjamin Sesko
The work is bad!Sevilla releases "Lopeteki" out of the manager.|Sevilla announced the release of Julen Lopeteki from the team manager. After leading the team to do bad work continuously, Sevilla Issued a statement ordered to release Julen Lopetegie from the trainer. After the game, the latest Champions League, Lopeteke has just controlled Sevilla, losing to the house to Dortmund 4-1 in the group champions. Can only victory from all 10 games And dropped to the 17th place in La Liga. After the game, Estadio Ramon Sanchez Pisakuan has a statement from Sevilla, revealing that he decided to release Lopeteke from the position of manager. Former Spanish national team and Real Madrid national team began to receive work at Sevilla in 2019 and the work won the Europa League since the first season. After that, Lopeteke took the 4th place to play the 3 -year -old European Cup, while the media reported. Many schools say that Lopeteke is a favorite, preparing to take the position of the Wolves's still manager.
The main page comes!AFC praised the small table.|Although the Indonesian national futsal team will be eliminated in the final 8 teams in the Asian Futsal Championship 2022 by defeating 2-3 types of Japan, impressive, and almost rival at the end of the game. In that game, there is another event that has been talked about throughout social media. That is, during the small table, Adonis has a score after the raw fish. Syu Chee Saudi took the ball out, with friends helping. But there are 1 Japanese player sleeping in pain. At this time, Sauds decided to stop playing despite having a golden opportunity to score goals. But the option to kick off the side for the medical team to come to see the competitors instead Until the Japanese players came to show thanks and impressed the latest cheering team The official page of the Asian Football Confederation, AFC Asian Cup, with over 1.4 million followers, came out to admire and publish this clip. With the caption translated into Thai as "Come to praise the athletes at this time of the Indonesian national team together." For the Asian Championship Futsal, 2022 semi -finals Will compete on October 6, Thailand met Iran at 23:59 hrs. Another pair of Uzbekistan met Japan at 21:00
You're still young!Social "Victoria" captures the daughter "Harper" dressing over age (picture)|The latest drama in the online world from the Beckham family, when David and Victoria were hit by social media, asking about the arrest of the youngest daughter, Harper, dressed in an age. Especially Mick Taria, who is heavier than friends Because it is the fashion of himself, Harper Seven Beckham, a 11 -year -old daughter of the former superstar lovers and the legendary girl group. It was a heavy issue from the outfit that you worn to the mother's fashion show that was held in Paris. France Of course Mother Gotteria is the one who chose this dress for the daughter for sure in the said event. Baan Beckham traveled to encourage Victoria fully chased since David, Brookine, the eldest son and Nicola Place, his wife, Romeo, the son of the 3rd son who came with Tan. Holding, a beautiful girlfriend and ending with the only daughter of the house, with many netizens criticizing Harper in the same direction, which is to show too much of the flesh, not suitable for the age and Victoria makes Daughter looks bad For example, ..- This dress is too old to go to Victoria. I want to show my daughter's chest. It's embarrassing. Why do you miss today?- Shock to see Harper wearing this outfit. To be honest, it's not suitable for age. This is a parents bullying me clearly.- Personal opinion. Surprisingly, girls of this age are caught dressing like that- I like this outfit. But it is not suitable for Harper, so let her dress up with the age. For Harper Seven Beckham, it is the daughter of David and Victoria waiting for the first 3 heirs. Angelis, California, USA in 2011, which was during the football players with LA Galac, a famous team in Major League.
There is still a chance to qualify!The latest table of"Thai female rubber ball" in the world championship 2022|Gleaning after the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland hosted Which has traveled to half the way of the 16 -final group stages, as the Sports fans know that The Thai female slapped army encountered the first 2 matches, both against Canada and Germany. With 1-3 sets, the situation is now. Thai national women's volleyball team Fell to the 6th place in Group F, with 10 points. This selection will take the 4 best teams of the group to play in the final 8 teams. Serbia wins 7 points. 2. Turkey won 6 with 17 points. 3. US winning 5 with 15 points 4. Poland wins 4 with 13 points. 5. Canada wins 4 points. 6. Thailand wins 4 with 10 points 7. The Dominican Republic has won 3 with 11 points. 8. Germany won 3 with 10 points. The Thai girl is still considered in the path to win the finalists. But have to win the remaining 2 programs, which is Serbia, the 4th team in the world, the old degree of this program On Friday, October 7 with the United States, the number 1 team in the world on Saturday 8 October, which will be broadcast live on Workpoint 23, both matches at 8:00 pm.
Translate and don't have to zoom!Revealing the meaning of the tattoo on the thigh "Atcharaporn" show off the coolness to the world (picture)|Gleaning after the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship, the final 16 group stages in the Netherlands and Poland hosted by the work in the F Group. The Thai girl slap team entered the latest match yesterday (5 Oct 65) before defeating the Germany national team 1-3 sets, causing both to victory in the two matches. 3 sets as well The colors during the live broadcast of the Thai girl duel, beer city, there is something for viewers around the world to talk about. When the camera was broadcast, he tried to zoom in to the tattoos in the left thigh of "Pure" Atcharaporn Kongyot, slapped the beautiful Thai team. The type that has been soaked for many seconds. The area here, the Sanook Sport team, volunteered to relieve the suspicion of the volleyball fans. With the answer to Acharaporn's tattoos, the English text "The Greatest Pleasure in Life is Doing What People Say You Cannot Do" or translated into Thai that "The greatest joy in life Is to do what other people say that you can't do it. ". Atcharaporn also has another important tattoo in the back of the right arm. Is a picture of her family member Which is considered an important encouragement of a 27 -year -old slap since starting to play volleyball Until becoming the main character of the current Thai national team for the next appointment program Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the field to meet Serbia national team On Friday, October 7, 65 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Ask football fans to understand!"Chanathip" revealed the reason and confirmed not to play ASEAN Cup 2022 for sure.|After the Thai national team manager Said that he wanted a player that was in the J.League to protect the ASEAN Cup 2022, the latest Chanathip Songkrasin, the Thai national team captain Which is in the football player with Kawasaki Frona Tale to confirm with the opportunity to return to help the ASEAN Championship team that "The team asked me Will I go to play? Actually, I really want to say that Japan is normal, not FIFA Day. He didn't want to go to play. "" And last year I just played. Which suddenly moved to Kawasaki Frontale, then had to move to adapt Completed AFF race My body didn't rest at all. Then turns out that I have to fight with the new team. And this year is organized again. "" True, not that I don't want to play the national team. But I have to say it directly that I have played 4 times with this program. This year I think I'm not ready and go back 4 years. I hurt 4 times a year and I only rest when I hurt. "" Equally, my body was not really restored. It was restored because he had to rest after injury. I also want to know that if I didn't play, rest and fully with the club. Will my body be fresh next year? "" And another thing. The children were waiting for the casual and tried to develop. I think we don't have enough spare parts to replace in the future. There are only a few people. In which there is no replacement spare parts, we cannot step up to fight Asia. "" I think if we can create him to replace One day I stopped playing Will be able to see the children as one of the important characters of the Thai national team. "29 -year -old playmaker cast
Can't resist!Thai defeat Iran 0-5, fallen, playoffs, futsal, Asian champion 2022|The "AFC Futsal Asian Cup 2022" competition, the semi -final at Sapa Al Abdullah Hall Kuwait City on October 6, 2022 at 23:59 hrs. The game between the Thai national team found the Iranian national team. This game has "Big Plop" Adisak Benjasiriwan. Vice President of the Football Association of Thailand Futsal and the beach football along with "Big Su" Sutin Bua Tum, the Thai Futsal team manager Send cheering on the edge of the field Among the Thai fans in Kuwait, who came to cheer for more than 70 people. This game, Carlos Sezar loses the right to use Ronnachai, leading Wongsuk and Warut Wang Samal, who was injured 5 players. The first consists of Kathawut Han Khampha (goalkeeper). The player has Krit Aranyasaklak, Jesada Chusadet, Sarawut Phalaphruek, Narongsak Pujpuay the game, starting for less than a minute. The long ball came to Hossen, YB's eyes, shot with the right to Iran 1-0 and the only goal in the first half, the second half of the minute, Iran came to the door from Sara Aka Pua. Left for Mohammad Hossen Dragon, tackling into the score to move to 2-0 minutes. 24. Iran got another goal from the moment that Thailand loses the ball in the way and entering the guns of Moss Olm Olok. With the right to the score 3-0 and 27 minutes. Moss Olmlok made a bunch of Ali Raezapua before pressing with the right, causing Iran to lead Thailand to 4-0 only. Not enough. 28 minutes. The semi -shoting semi -shot for Mohammad Hossen Dragon, the way to the score to move into 5-0, the rest of the time, no more goals. The end of the game. Thai lost to Iran. 0-5, while the results of another semi-final competition, Japanese overtaking Uzbekistan 2-1, the program on October 8, 2022, broadcast live via AIS Play and Eleven Sports 3rd at 21:00 hrs. Thai Thai time met Uzbekistan, the finals at 23:59 hrs.
Hey!Manchester United invaded Omonia 3-2 Europa League.|UEFA Football Europa League 2022/23 Thursday night, October 6, 2022 Omonia Nicheia 2-3 Manchester United Stadium: Neo GSP, the Red Devils slashed Omonia 2-3, with the visiting a goal. From Marcus Rashford, two -door, 53, 84, and Anto Ni Marseille, the 84th minute, while the host got the goal from Karim Ansarif, the 35th minute and Nikolas Pana. Yido, the 85th minute, the game, Manchester United attacked, slashed a narrowly, grabbed 3 points successfully, starting to get the first half of the time as Manchester United, who dominated the ball in the beginning of the game and had a chance to win in the 9th minute from The rhythm of the shot in Ronaldo's frame, but still attached to the safe of the 13th minute goalkeeper, Ronaldo has the opportunity to turn into the penalty area. But still shooting to block the back of the rival, the 17th minute, Manchester United to the ball in the penalty area before Bruno, who raised the ball into the Khan, unfortunately, the 27th minute, Anthony got the ball on the right before locking in. In the left, but Fabino still flew narrowly, but then the 34th minute Omonia turned up before the rhythm of Maladee missed the ball in the middle of Bruno Philpei. The ball before dragging into the penalty area and paying even Sarifard to shoot in the game. After going up to the home team's game, the attacking game instead of United was quiet. Injury time, Chalalum posts have a chance to shoot a long distance, but out of the frame before the end of the first 45 minutes. UEFA EUROPA League, 52 minutes, Manchester United can rival successfully from the moment Rashford receives the ball in front of the penalty area. Before dragging, cut into the middle and spin with the right, plug in the angle 3 After that, Ericsen tried to shine the ball out of the pole only a little. At 60 minutes, Ronaldo plowed into the penalty area before shooting a narrow angle. The ball rushed to the side of the net 3. After that, the visiting team turned up from the rhythm of Rashford crossing the cross, even though Marical touched in the middle and firing the pole into the 69th minute. Philipee, but the ball was fashed at De Gea. Later, Ronaldo fired a nickname in the penalty area, but the ball ran across the beam unfortunately. The rhythm of Dalt paid off to shoot at the shot without a goalkeeper. But instead hit the pillars like the 84th minute, Manchester United came to the 3rd goal from the moment Ronaldo received the ball from Rashford before paying back to the second pole for Rashford to charge. After one minute, Omonia chased to 3-2 from the rhythm of Kakulis slip into the penalty area before paying, even to take the Yorou to shoot. Has ended 90 minutes. Manchester United invaded Omonia for 2-3 names. The player named Omonia: Fabiono, Adam Matthews, Nemanya Militis, Ecotor Yuste, Adam Lang, Laykayaks, Mix Discoud, Charalam Boss Charalam Book, Brandon Barger (Fois Papulis N. 61), Bruno Felipe (Loi Loi Saudi Sauce 72), Karim Ansarifar (Ancocoscoscullis N. 61) Manchester United: David de Gea, Diego Dalot, Victor Linde Love, Lisando Martinez, Tyrell Malacia (Luke Chawn. 46), Case Miro (Scott Mac Thimenay, 82), Christian. Eric Sen, Antoni (Fred Nor. 74), Bruno Fernands (Anthony Marical, 62), Don San Cho (Marcus Racefo Card 46), Cristiano Ronaldo
West Ham attacked Underlet 1-0, Convention League.|Luke Kamak Kamasai, Pratu Chai, take West Ham United, attacking the underlets 1-0, leading the crowd Europa Convention League Football League, Europa Convention, League League 2022-23, Group stage on October 6, Group B, between Underlet from Belgium, opened the Lottepar. Meet "Khun Hammer" West Ham United from England. The results show that West Ham attacked 1-0 to win Anderlet. West Ham got a 79-door goal from Luke Kamakka from the game victory. This West Ham United has brought a group of groups of 9 points. There are 9 votes. There are 4 points from the same 3 matches. West Ham 0-1 Lisan Poanan, Hapoel, Beer, SHO more than 0-0. Silkborg won the Stewa Baccars 5-0. Win champrove 3-0, Dynpro drawing 2-2 Sivas Spore, losing 3-4 Bulganika S. Son Istanbul Basakse Hier 0-0, Harts lost to Fiorentina 0-3, Biarreal wins Australia 5-0, Collo Losing Par. Tisan 0-1, Alkmar won Apolon 3-2 Gate, losing to Yer Garden 0-1 Slavia, Prague, losing to CFR, 0-1 Basel Allergic to Slovan Braislava 0-2
"Messi" announced to play the World Cup 2022 for the last time in football career.|Lionel Messi Superstar of Paris Saint Germain announced that this World Cup It will be his last time with the Argentina national team. The 35 -year -old starred to interview with the media in his home country that he decided to play the World Cup at the end of this year for the last time in the football career. That means that the 2022 World Cup Tar will be the final opportunity of The Barcelona's former Barcelona, ​​which will prove himself to be worthy of the number one, forever in this great football program. Messi has made 6 goals from 19 games down. Field in the World Cup final 4 times ago By doing the best, only the secondary champion in 2014 with the position of the best player in the tournament in the year
Pray for Nong Bua!"Madam Paeng" for the boat playersWearing a black armband to mourn|Madam flour for Singha Harbor to wear a black armband. To mourn the deceased from the incident in Nong Bua Lamphu province. In the game, meet with Muang Thong "Madam Paeng" Nuanphan Lamsam, President of the FC Port Authority, prepares the team to wear a black armband. To mourn the deceased From the tragic incident at Uthai Sawan Subdistrict, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province In the attacking game to visit Muang Thong United, the Revo Thai League 2022-23, the 8th match, with the Port FC preparing to attack Muang Thong United on Sunday 9 October at 19.00 hrs. Play
The heart is broken!"Madame Joy" Won Thai League considering the promotion of Nong Bua BG this Saturday.|Affecting the hearts of Thai people to spread to other circles For a tragic shot in the Child Development Center, Na Klang District, Nong Bua Lamphu Province With 38 people died on October 6, on Saturday, October 8, there is a Thai League football program between Nong Bua Phichay FC, Nong Bua Lamphu Province. To open the house with BG Pathum United on Saturday 8 October, making "Madame Joy" Kritsaya Poo Mongkol Suriya The Vice President of Nong Bua Pichay FC has come out to ask the Thai League. Consider postpone this game first. For the sadness of everyone in the area. "This shocking event Has a severe mental impact on the brothers and sisters of Nong Bua Lamphu, football fans and everyone in the club Including people all over the world. "" How will we organize the competition on this Saturday at Pitchaya Stadium? Regardless of which team can shoot or which team is the winner? If Pitchay Stadium and all areas of Nong Bua Lam Phu are full of tears of the brothers and sisters of Nong Bua Lamphu province. "" Football has to create happiness for the audience. But will we really organize the competition on Nong Bua Lam Phu area, which has only a broken heart? Would like to leave to the relevant adults. Review this is a special case, "Madame Joy said the movement from The Football Association of Thailand, including the latest Thai League Company Limited, has sent a letter to all clubs. Requesting cooperation to organize a mourning ceremony for the deceased by standing for 1 minute before the game, but the game between Nong Bua Phichay FC and BG Pathum United will have a postponed or not to wait for the decision of People involved continue today.
Specially arranged!Volleyball World, making mini series "Thai national team: memorable route" (clip)|Considered to be the year that the Thai national women's volleyball team Create continuous success under the new bloodline. Until receiving the praise from many Thai and foreign sports fans from the first 8 finalists in the Nations League 2022 and is currently playing in the final 16 team stages. In the past The content of the Thai female slap is always well received by volleyball fans around the world. Especially the views from the official social media platform of Volleyball World under the supervision of The International Volleyball Confederation or FIVB is why Volleyball World has created a special mini series called "Thailand Volleyball Team - A Journey to Remember" or "Thai national team: memorable routes" and publishing. Episode 1 is completed for the first content. Talking about the Thai women volleyball team in 2022 under the new bloodline that stepped up to carry on the legend of the seniors. Led by all 7 main characters, such as Pornphan Kerdpra, Chatch Urmoksri, Atcharaporn Kongyot, Pimpichaya Gulm, Thaddao Kidjai, Hathaya Takruek, and Piyanuch Pae Noi. Broadcast every Thursday on YouTube Volleyball World and Volleyball TV.
The future!Arsenal walked about extending the new contract for 3 football players.|Mille Artota, Mr. Arsenal, confirms that the team is trying hard to renew the new contract with the 3 main players of the team. And hoping that everything will be successful as well. William, Saliba and Gabriel Martinelli are the three main players of Arsenal this season and everyone is about to The contract expires in the middle of the year 2024. However, Arsenal began negotiations with the representatives of all 3 players in the past July. But still cannot find a conclusion. "Of course We have plans for Anakk. And we are doing it. Including all management boards We all try to make it in the right direction, fair and try to plan the best. And reward the players That is in our opinion. "" We have the future waiting for us. If we have anything to announce We will certainly do it. "Artota cast in the past, Arsenal had problems with the contract with the players in the last year. As well as not being able to sell players who have only 1 year contract and have to lose players without value. "I don't want to talk about the past Every player is different. And in the past with this I am confident that people who are responsible for work have reasonable decisions. And try to look for something to benefit the club. "" We try to do the same Make sure that the club will be protected. In the past, the club was in a good state. And can move forward Along with the players are also happy to be here. "The Spanish manager concluded.
Mother is here!The Queen Muay Thai "Allicia" clashing "Janet" World Championship|"Allicia Hell Len Rodrigs" World Championship One Muay Thai atom Weave, who used to root the beloved belt from the former Thai girl champion "Stamp Fair Tex", the Auspicious time of the Arena "Janet Todd" at Currently, the World Champion of One Muay Thai Muay Thai Muayment In order to find the only model of this model If the boxing fans still remember each other "Allicia" for the first time in One as the world challenger with the "Stamp" that dominates the Muay Thai atomic at that time and "Allicia" Causing the Thai world champion to break down with the world's shocking belt in August 2020, then "Allicia" disappeared from the canvas arena to act as a baby mother Therefore was unable to perform the duty to protect the position. One therefore held the World Championship One Muay Thai atomic in July. In July, it appeared that "Janet Todd", who held the number one position of the force at that time. Able to win the north "Lara Fernandez" successfully as a special world champion But now it's time for the real world champion to come back to announce the potential After the stage for more than 2 years, both of them were booked to meet in the One Fight Night 5 battle scheduled, held on Saturday 3 December 2022. Fans can follow the news and progress on Facebook One. Championship Thailand and website www.onefc.com
Heart, both social!Fan Club Press Love "Panipak" shows a cool six pack of cool water (picture)|It can be said that the heart is very funny for the latest images in the social media of "tennis-Panipak Wongpattanakit", Taekwondo, Golden Medal, Olympic, Thai beloved. Have posted pictures while soaking in cold water under the sports bra A extraordinary six pack show via Instagram panipak2540 with the caption "Recovery" or translated into Thai as rehabilitation before receiving the heart to over 1.1 billion from the fan club. Within only half a day for the tennis Just won the championship in her own model 49 kg. Women Battle World Grand Prix in Paris, France In early September And there is a program to compete in 3 fields in Manchester United Kingdom Between 21-23 October
The Thai League confirms not to postpone the game, Nong Bua, Duel BG, Pathum this Saturday.|"Madame Joy" requests the Thai League to consider the game On this Saturday Open the house to meet BG Pathum, but it does not result in the same competition and ask for cooperation. Both teams stand calm for 1 minute before the game starts to mourn after the shocking incident. The event was shot in the Child Development Center. Nong Bua Lamphu Province Resulting in the injured and died at noon on 6 October. first Which the Nong Bua Phichay FC Football Club "Madame Joy" Kritsaya Poo Mongkol Suriya Vice President of Nong Bua Phichan Club FC has asked the Thai League Company Considering the postponement of the Thai Football League match in Nong Bua Phichay FC, will open Pitchay Stadium to meet BG Pathum United on this Saturday. Due to the players, including the cheering team No one is ready to act this week. However, the Thai League Company Limited confirmed that the game was not able to postpone the competition. Which will compete in the original schedule at Pitchay Stadium at 19.00 hrs. And earlier the Football Association and the Thai League company sent a letter to all clubs Requesting cooperation to organize a mourning ceremony for the deceased by standing for 1 minute before the game. "In addition, the Nong Bua team will wear a black tone racing outfall on the field. At the same time, the kindness of the BG team that will also wear a white tone dress on the field as well. "At the same time, it is believed that both teams will express their honors fully. There will be no showing joy if the goal is scored.
Boss Alpha Romeo thank you "Sing" is a global partner.Thai Fan Fan is waiting for the ticket to see the stadium.|Frederick, the boss team of Alpha Romeo, a legendary team of the F -One industry, met Mr. Santi Piromphakdi, Chairman of the Executive Committee of Boon Rawd Brewery Company Limited to thank you after Global Partners since 2019 have always been good relationships. In this year, the contract has been renewed for another 2 years (season 2022-2023), with the movement of the lion symbol to the wing of the F-one, which will make it more prominent. As for the Thai speed fans, prepare "Sing Eres Singha Challenge" to see the F -on -edge of the field, the meeting with the executive team of Singh. For the coming Formula Day competition, the coming 2023 season In terms of various activities To do together for the Thai F -one fans next season, such as Singha Eraging Challenge. In order to find a winner to get a special privilege to visit the Formula One competition in the edge of the edge of the field Including the touch of the Pitr of the Alpha Romeo team and hits the shoulder of the driver, Mr. Worawut Phiromphakdi, Director of the Vice President of Boon Rawd Brewery Company Limited and the Vice President of Boon Rawd Trading Company Limited. As a policy maker and a foreign sports marketing, "Formula One racing It is considered one of the most well -known sports and followers in the world. And has a high growth rate Especially in Asia. "" Sing As a Thai organization There are products that are known and released around the world. Have had the opportunity to be part of the world -class F1 team since 2010 and have been a global partner with the Alpha Romeo team since 2019, in addition to reinforcing Thai brands It is also a good opportunity to join the Alpha Romeo team. Create activities that will help connect the relationship between the world -class racing team and the Thai Motorsport fans. The important thing is that it will be one of the Thai people to access the Formula One car competition. "Formula One smooth car competition Is one of the highest access competitions in the world Especially in the last 5-6 years, there was a Netflix series in the Netflix series, making the F-One industry very popular. Resulting in more fans in the youth groups on online communities And come to follow the game through live television broadcasts even more from the statistics. In 2021, there are 1.5 billion live -day live -day audiences, especially in important markets such as China and the United States. To ASEAN Sing Has supported the motor sport industry in Thailand And on the global level continuously Both as partners with The World Championship "MotoGP" as well as becoming a global partner with "Alpha Romeo FOOWOR -Orn", a legendary team that enters the motor sport since 1911 and was able to win the World Championship or Formula One in the modern times in 1925, 1950, 1951, 1975 and 1977.
The tiger has ended!Fans are welcomed "Pluem Jit", the best in the Master of Teachers (Pictures).|The latest rejoice in the volleyball industry when "Nong" Pluemjit Tin Khao, legendary 1 in 7 Thai tires Posted via Instagram Ningnhong_5. Good news to fans to know in general. The 38 -year -old girl has posted a picture of herself in a gown as evidence that graduated. Prepare to receive honorary Master of Arts (Sport Management) from Rattana Bundit University, RBAC, with a queue to receive a diploma on December 3. "Yeah. Honorary Master of Arts (Sport Management) Rattanaban University, RBAC, met on December 3 #Pee Tiger and his gown and cut Chu "in the post of Pluemjit, whose fans come to show the overwhelming joy for Pluemjit started playing volleyball at the age of 14 years before becoming the legend of the Thai national team and is the Thai female athlete that has the most followers on Instagram that over 1.2 million people today.
Not disappointed!Thailand smashed Taiwan 3-1, 2 matches in the Asian Championship U17 Qualifier.|October 7, 20:00 at 16:00 hrs. At Viet Tri Stadium, Vietnam Asian Football Championship Age not over 17 years, qualifying rounds, group F, the second national team, the Thai national team, met with the Taiwanese national team, the first game, Thailand won Nepal for 3-0, and Taiwan lost to Vietnam 0-4. Changing some players But there are still main characters like Ton Tawan Puntami as the target striker, along with Patcharapol Lekkul, the captain of the team and Saranawat Aunprasert, starting the game for just 12 minutes. Kik at Saranawat, Aun Prasert opens for Ton Tawan Punnami to go to Thailand to bring Taiwan 1-0, but 14 minutes, Taiwan has a rival from the Tan Ye Yao, to take the ball at the end of the route first. Pay for Lin Hai Chaeng to charge the score to the same level 1-1 and finish the first half with this score. The second half of the Thai starts to wear hard and 55 minutes from the rhythm of the Punpun Ton. Munee fired a far away to the Taiwanese goalkeeper before Pong Phet Iamsa -at will follow the Thai team. 2-1 at the end of the 87-minute game, Tawan Punyunee, plus their 2nd goal in this game. And is the end door to Thailand to overcome Taiwan 3-1, collecting to 6 points, full programs. The next Thai national team will meet the home team. Vietnam national team in Vietnam Tri Stadium on October 9, 2022 at 19:00
Beyond resistance!Thai women volleyball defeated Serbia 0-3 World Championship 2022|The 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship in the Netherlands and Poland is the host between 23 September - 15 October 2022, the final 16 group stage competition in Atlas Arena, Lodz, Poland. The world's 14th Thai women volleyball team on the 3rd match of this round, met with the 3rd Serbia national team in the world, this 4 -year -old event. Today, "Urgent Coach" Danai Sriwatcharamethakul sent the person. The first 6 players consist of Pornphan Kerd, Captain Captain, Chatch Urmoksri, Thaddao Kidmai, Handbathsuk, Pimphichaya Kam and Atcharaporn Kongyot, the first set. Both teams started the game. Closely Take turns and blog continuously. But in the end, a serob girl who relies on more certainty than in the end of the set Squeezing in to win 25-23 points, leading a Thai girl 1-0 set. The second set became a serob girl who accelerated the form with a variety of slap. Especially the baby drops to escape the blog of Thai girls who have received a lot of points As for the Thai girl slap team, they slapped the score, not absolutely for many strokes. Causing Serbia to overcome 25-17 points, moving to 2-0. The three set is also a surround that is better than both attacking and receiving games. Thai girls try to fight, but cannot resist the strength of the old champion. Serbia beat another 25-15 points. Close the game. Win Thai girl with a 3-0 score set for the Thai national women's volleyball team. Will enter the next appointment to meet US national team On Saturday 8 October 2018 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
The second half!Buriram United invaded Lamphun Warrior 2-0 to lead a group temporary.|Handrax Revo Thai League 2022/23, 8th Friday, October 7, 2022 at the 700th anniversary of the Buriram United Buri Ram United stadium from the field of 7 matches. Which has 3 points from the field of 7 matches as well The game must stop to let the referee talk to the VAR room after the clash in the penalty area of ​​Lamphun Warrior before Chai Rorikorn Ngamsom. The referee will continue to play for the 12th minute. Win up to lead from the moment Jef French Suarez accepted the long ball from the back before dressing up and then beat from a distance. Athit Son Chinda had a full range of penalty in front of the penalty area. The ball will rush under the beam until Non Muang Ngam must exert the ball out of the ball after the 15th minute. Buriram United still invaded Theerathorn Bunmathan. Entering the first pole, Supachai Jai tried to charge the door. But the rhythm is not good, but Supachai can still fix the rhythm by jumping and kicking the ball to the front of the Goran Casic gate, jumping into the ball. Bounced into the Diego Bar, pushing the shot in one ball after that, both of them tried to find the rhythm of the game to attack each other on the cheers of football fans. But there is still no team with a rhythm to score a goal Causing the end of the first half of the Lightning Castle, still always attacking the White King at the score 0-0 back to play in the second half The Lightning Castle adjusted the army to send Supanat like the eyes to the field instead of the sun, Jin Tawan 52, the Lightning Castle, the game on the right. Therathorn Bunma Tan Tan betting for Narubdin Wirawattanom to receive the ball and then dress up before opening the curve. Go to the second pole, Jonathan Bolinki jumped into the ball, pressed into the ground into the door to Buriram United, attacking 1-0 minutes. 75 Suphasat like the ball flowing to the right side of Narubadin Wirawat. Note ran and opened the ball into the middle of the penalty area. Goran Kasich soared to tackle the ball into the Gate to Buriram United, escaped Lamphun Warrior to 2-0 after 2-0 leading the castle. Put But could not penetrate the defense of the home team to finish the goal. Buriram United beat Lamphun Warrior 2-0, resulting in the castle of the sky to grab 3 points to move to a temporary Thai league.
Eliminated but impressed!Foreign comments"Thai girl volleyball" after the game defeat to Serbia|3 matches have passed for the Thai female rubber team. In the 2022 World Championship Women's Volleyball Competition, the final 16 group stages in the Netherlands and Poland are hosted by the work in Group F. The Thai girl slap team entered the latest match yesterday before defeating the Serbian national team. Old champions and the 3rd team in the world 0-3 sets, making all 3 matches in the past. Volleyball World, at a foreign volleyball fan, talks about the game that Thai girls lost to the girl yesterday. Let's see what they have. ------------------------------- ----- igor Silva has been very far in the world championship. Appreciate the Thai team Red. TRANCE looks Thai girls playing and growing eyes every time. They play with smiles all the time and also fight all the hearts. With love and respect From Italy, Chris Ludlam has played well. With one of the strongest teams in the world right now Perhaps the minds and concentration of the Thai team may be affected by their domestic domestic. Congratulations, Serbia. Pumpkinpumpum. Anyone wondering what happened to the Thai team. Because the work is different from the first round Everyone looks tired. All of their heart rates are in the red zone, except only Piyanuch in the yellow zone. They have to cover the weakness of the height by jumping. Which it uses a lot of energy Of course, there are still points that need to be improved. But the team learned new experiences. Glerus Vlogs, Serbia, attacking the team like Poland, Dominican and Thai Republic. I watched this game and saw that both teams fought for victory and enjoying the game. I would like to admire both Zhou. Jianmin's first football team is the weakness again. Emilson Andrade congratulate the Thai team for past work. I want you to know that it is very difficult for one team to reach this point. You guys make the cheers happy. God bless My dream is wanting to see the Thai team and Brazil. My hometown See you in the finals Unfortunately, it is impossible. Love Single Eyelid Girls loves the Thai team. Fight with all my heart. Wade. Serbia is good. ANA is unfortunately the Thai team is crispy. Today, the Brazilian people are you guys. Because knowing that Thai people like the Brazil team Love the same, the Thai team Keno Parado, a new generation of Thai team They have high potential and success, waiting to crash in the future. I appreciate your hard work on the 2022 World Championship. The world ranking is usually the more winner. Djordjevic, I love Thailand and Thai people very much. Sorry, kiss, kiss. From Serbia. Halfdohm looks like anyone can't stop Serbia. Too strong Appreciate the Thai team for the inspirational play. Peng the Thai team has played very well. When comparing the height and strength with other teams, Serbian Warrior is pleased with our servant girls. The Thai team has already played fully. You guys have come a lot. Renan. ERIC is pleased with the Thai team. We love you so much. Brazilians like to watch the Thai team play Alessandro. Sorry Thai. I love the play of both teams very much. But Serbia is too cruel that Thailand can handle. (I think Sir Bia is better than all teams in this program.) Hope to see the Thai team playing again. Aleksa Ranitovic, the Serbian team shows that the backup is good. Can take anyone to play, can fight jurij K, all Thai girls are as bright as before. Play well Like both teams But the team that is stronger will win Congratulations to the Serbian team with Andi. IKMAL is a fun game. Although not seeing Boscovic down and serving Carlos Tirado both teams are the best. These girls play very well. -------------------------------------------- -For the next appointment program Thai national women's volleyball team Will enter the final match US national team On Saturday 8 October 2018 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
Burning is not light!"Millen Kovic", the head of the serpent talks about the Thai girl slap team after the game (picture)|The movement after the 2022 World Women's Volleyball Championship Group, the final 16 groups in the Netherlands and Poland are hosted by the work in the F The Thai girl slap team entered the latest match yesterday before defeating the Serbian national team. Old champions and the 3rd team in the world 0-3 sets, making all 3 matches in the past. Eliminated after the end of the game, Bagyan Millen Kovic, a 25 -year -old pole that was done alone 14 points in this game. Came out for an interview about winning the Thai girl's slap team, "I am very happy We played well from the beginning of the game. "" We have always concentrated. The Thai team has a very fast playing rhythm. To be honest, they can make us a little difficult for us. "" But in the end, we control everything well. And continue to look forward to the game. "From this victory, Serbia is the only team in the 8 -wins tournament, with the final match to meet Turkey, and Thailand will enter the field with the United States, the 3rd team in the world. The latest Olympic champion degree On Saturday 8 October 2018 at 20:00 hrs. Live broadcast on Workpoint 23.
