Unfold the timeline of the "Red Line Extension" 4 routes|"Saksiam" unveils timeline of "Red Line Extension" 4 routes with a total value of 64.8 billion baht Tender debut before 3 routes by Oct. 22 "Missing Link" to expedite the review of the plan. Cabinet within Nov. 22 Opening Jan.71Today (28 Apr.2022) Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport Disclosure of the progress of the Red Line He said he has commissioned the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) to expedite the expansion of the Red Line system and make a timeline and action plan to be able to follow the plan that is expected to be approved in the coming months. Oct2022 The progress of each route is as follows: 1. Dark Red Line Rangsit-Thammasat University Rangsit Center, distance 8.84 kilometers (km.) Current project value 6,407 million baht The Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) report is currently being prepared, which will be tendered and will be signed after the EIA report has been approved. The tender is expected to be made during Jun-Oct 2022. Construction of the project for 3 years or during November 2022-October 2025 and opening in January 2026. 2. Light Red Line Taling Chan-Salaya Current project value 10,197 million baht We are now ready to prepare tender documents, prepare EIA and expropriate land. The tender is expected to be available during June-October 2022. Construction of the project for 3 years or during Nov.2022-Oct.2025 and opening Jan.20263.Light Red Line Talingchan-Siriraj span distance 5.7 km. Current project value 6,193 million baht. We are now ready to prepare tender documents, prepare EIA and expropriate land. The tender is expected to be completed during Jun-Oct 2022. Construction of the project for 4 years or during November 2022-October 2026 and open for service in January 2027. 4. Bangsue-Phayathai-Makkasan-Huamark and Bangsue-Hua Lamphong (Missing Link) 25.9 km. Current project value 42,039 million baht. Currently, the tender document is being prepared, which includes adjusting the contract division format as well as improving the case of relocation of Rajavithi station. However, Missing Link is expected to review and revise the plan by August 2022. Before tendering during Dec. 2022-Apr. 2023, construction of the project during May 2023-Oct. 2027 and opening service Jan. 2028. 
Thailand Pass will not be cancelled and new criteria will be opened starting May 1.|Assistant Spokesperson Insist on not canceling Thailand Pass, only reduce the registration process for tourists. For travel convenience only. If the situation improves, they may consider easing the planned measures and opening the procedure for travelers entering Thailand starting May 1. Today (28 April 2022) Dr. Sumani Watcharasin Director of the Office of Risk Communication and Behavioral Health Development, Department of Disease Control, Ministry of Public Health. Insist on not canceling Thailand Pass, only reducing the registration process for tourists entering Thailand. In order to reduce the process and facilitate travellers, the hotel booking process and RT-PCR test booking inspection have been cancelled. If the situation improves, relaxation of measures may be considered in the next phase for the adjustment of measures for travelers entering Thailand. For fully vaccinated and unvaccinated or under-vaccinated Starting May 1, 2022, the insurance registration system adjusts the testing pattern. Upon arrival and during stay, it is recommended to self-test ATK. If the infection is found, it must be processed according to insurance or personal responsibility in case of high risk. Dr. Sumani said that there are also COVID-19 prevention measures. For those entering via land border crossing channel (only permanent border crossing points) 17 provinces as follows: Loei, Nakhon Phanom, Nong Khai, Mukdahan, Bueng Kan, Sisaket, Surin, Sa Kaeo, Chanthaburi, Trat, Tak, Kanchanaburi, Ranong, Songkhla, Narathiwat, Yala and Satun. Yesterday (April 27), Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health. Identifying the adaptation of COVID-19 as an endemic disease has progressed in ongoing operations. This is evident from the measures that have begun to decline, such as travelers from overseas. From the original 2 RT-PCR tests, reduced to one until the cancellation of RT-PCR tests and the cancellation of Test & Go, only one ATK test will be left which will start on May 1 and about 1-2 weeks after the operation. Does not affect As a result, more COVID infections may cancel ATK and Thailand Pass tests. Read related news Bangsue Center opens reservations for Pfizer 3-4 doses through mobile camp "Anutin", pointing to an improvement in the "COVID" trend, aiming to declare an endemic disease at the same time.   
The State Railway commissioned "Ultraman", a diesel-electric locomotive before opening the service. |The State Railway commissioned "Ultraman", Thailand's new diesel-electric locomotive. Ahead of the nationwide launch of freight and commercial convoys today (April 28, 2022) Mr. Ekarach Sriarayanpong Director of Public Relations Center State Railway of Thailand According to the Thai Railway, the new diesel electric locomotive with axle press weight of 16 tons/axle with spare parts for phase 1 of 20 units was procured from SFR Joint Venture on February 4, 2022. Now On April 27, 2022, the Railway began testing the locomotive for the first time by towing a train of 115 buses weighing approximately 1,000 tons from Bang Sue Central Station to Chachoengsao Junction. All in all. The railway will be tested again. On 9 May 2022, the truck towed a 2,100-ton convoy from Si Racha Junction – ICD Ladkrabang. The railway plans to launch freight services and operate commercial trains (long-distance trains) on various routes nationwide, such as Bangkok – Chiang Mai, Bangkok – Nong Khai and Bangkok – Sungai Kolok, etc., to replace long-lived locomotives to support passenger and freight volumes nationwide. For diesel-electric locomotives The Diesel Electric Locomotive is considered a high-quality diesel-electric locomotive. It has a top speed of 120 km/h and is manufactured with state-of-the-art technology from CRRC Qishuyan, China's leading diesel locomotive manufacturer. It has outstanding internal and external characteristics. fashionable It uses a red-gray color scheme, hence the nickname "Ultraman". The goal is to replace long-lived locomotives and enhance passenger and freight services, as well as support the expansion of the dual-track rail network that will be opened in the future. The railway is confident that this new diesel-electric locomotive will help increase the efficiency of service to the people as it is considered a modern locomotive. Improved performance This will help both transport goods and passengers quickly and safely, as well as create revenue opportunities for the railway and enhance the potential of rail transport for Thailand.   
Preparing for the opening of the country on May 1|Ministry of Transport prepares Suvarnabhumi Airport to receive tourists After the relaxation of entry measures on May 1. An average of 15,954 passengers are expected to enter Thailand per day today (29 April 2022). Mr. Saksiam Chidchob The Transport Minister visited the area to inspect the operational readiness of various agencies within Suvarnabhumi Airport to support the relaxation of entry requirements from May 1, 2022 onwards. About 10,000 arrivals are expected to pass through the Thailand Pass system, and one passenger will take about 15 minutes to check documents per person, excluding travel. Pre-COVID-19 7,000 - 8,000 passengers per day With no more than 10,000 passengers traveling per day, the waiting area for hotel passengers should not be crowded. Instruct airlines to inform travelers what to do upon arrival at the airport. Health insurance is only available for international passengers. Mr. Saksiam said that for secondary concourses, Building 1 (SAT-1), a new terminal building Scheduled to open next year, AOT has instructed AOT to consider If the rate of travel is leapfrogging, consider opening it sooner. It handles 45 million passengers per year. The SAT-1 terminal handles 10-15 million passengers per year, while the airline recently requested to add more flights with the Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand. About 55% of the flight schedule was operating in 2019, so it may not be necessary, but it is expected that there may be more tourists during the high season. Although IATA assessed Passengers will return to normal in 2024 for Suvarnabhumi Airport, together with all agencies to rehearse their understanding of the screening procedures for passengers in accordance with the new requirements. To provide smooth and efficient services. The new criteria have been adjusted to 2 groups: fully vaccinated passengers and unvaccinated passengers with RT-PCR test result not older than 72 hours can enter the country according to the normal international arrival process. You must enter the country according to the Seal Route system only one way to meet with the hotel representative and board the bus provided by the hotel. However, it is expected that after the relaxation of the measures. In May, there were an average of 15,954 international arrivals per day, up from April with an average of 11,594 passengers per day, or an increase of 37.61%, while international arrivals averaged 180 flights per day, up from April when there were an average of 140 international arrivals per day, or an increase of 28.57% from April 28, 2022.  
Palm oil price jumps, shoe sucks selling 1 liter bottle 70 baht |Palm planters Confirms retail price of palm oil has been increased by only 1-2 baht per bottle. The latest survey surveyed the selling price at 64-65 baht, but some shoe shops suck at 70 baht per bottle, according to Indonesia, the world's largest palm oil producer and exporter. Suspend palm oil exports This directly affects palm prices in the global market, including Thailand, where Thailand sells 1 liter bottle of palm oil with a price of 64-65 baht. In some shohuai shops, the price jumped to 70 baht, forcing traders to bring bagged palm oil or unpopular brands of oil to sell instead of Mr. Manat Puttarat. President, Oil Palm Farmers Federation of Thailand Indonesia suspends palm oil exports As a result, the retail price of palm oil has increased by an average of 1-2 baht per bottle, but it is believed that it will not leap to 5 baht per bottle because of the collapse in palm prices that farmers sell. It will be 10-12 baht per kilogram, depending on the quality of palm and cultivated area. Currently, the government has a normal level of palm oil stockpiles of 170,000-200,000 tons. As palm oil stockpiles range from 1,700,000 to 2,000,000 tons, the government wants to check the production cycle of bottled palm oil to see if it is the same stock and take advantage of the price increase. While the Capt. Chakra Yodmanee Deputy Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade admitted that the price of palm bottles It does not exceed the control price. Currently, the average price is 64.75 baht per bottle, and the department must urgently discuss with refinery operators and palm oil refineries in the country. Not to affect the quantity and price of palm bottles in the country.  
Petrol price increase Diesel +2 Baht - Gasohol E85 +1 Baht|Tomorrow (1 May 2022) The price of all types of diesel has increased by 2 baht per liter. E85 increased by 1.00 baht per litre. After the government lifted the measure to freeze the price of diesel fuel by 30 baht per liter, some people gradually brought buckets or gallons to stock up on petrol today. (30 Apr 2022) PTT and Bangchak have announced a price increase of 2 baht per liter for all types of diesel. E85 increased by 1.00 baht per liter. Gasoline and other gasohol groups remain the same. Effective from tomorrow (1 May 2022) at 05.00 am onwards. After the government lifted the measure to freeze the price of diesel fuel at 30 baht per liter, the price at pumps in Bangkok and vicinity was 32 baht per liter. Fuel Fund From the current subsidy of 10 baht per liter to 89 satang tomorrow, the subsidy will be gradually reduced by 2 baht per week, meaning that if the world market price is like this, the premium grade will gradually become more expensive. Gasohol E85 will reduce the compensation by 1 baht per week to 53 satang compensation as the situation has caused people in many areas to gradually start stocking up on oil. Like Bueng Kan In the trunk of pickup trucks, 200 liters of tanks or gallons will be refilled to be resold in the village, most of which are farmers who have to fill up their tractors because this is the preparation period for rice plantations. Make a fuel fund They may have to take over all or half of the burden by reconsidering the situation. Global Oil Prices The baht is weak, while other types of energy have also increased prices, including cooking gas, by 1 baht per kilogram or 15 baht per 15-kilogram cylinder, and the price of a 15-kilogram cylinder will be 348 baht, excluding delivery fees. This May, due to the much higher cost of fuel. As a result, the electricity bill is about 4 baht per unit, adjusted for the second time after not adjusting for a long time. Measures to help with electricity bills for low-income people are currently unclear. 
"Commercial" brew Minister to solve expensive animal feed - shortage of raw materials|Maize Policy and Management Committee Meeting Approved 3 measures to solve the problem of higher prices of animal feed materials, including shortage of raw materials for animal feed production. Prepare a presentation Cabinet 3 May Today (2 May 2022) Reporters reported that after the meeting of the Maize Policy and Management Committee (NABC) with related agencies, Mr. Churin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, stated that the meeting approved 3 measures to solve the problem of feed raw materials, with a temporary exemption from the 3:1 measure or the purchase of 3 parts of domestic maize per 1 part of wheat imports. In May-July, the import quota for maize under the WTO will be increased from 20% tariff to 54,700 tonnes for importers and general importers during the month. May-July The demand for corn and substitute raw materials, while imports of wheat, maize and barley through all channels must not exceed 1.2 million tons from April to July 2022. To compensate for the shortfall, a sub-committee will be set up to monitor imports periodically. The Cabinet will consider on May 3 Mr. Rangsi Paisaard. President of Tapioca Farmers Association He wants the Ministry of Commerce to set up checkpoints for the import of feed raw materials to control the amount of imports as there are currently imports in many channels and provinces. The measures agreed by the NABC believe that in 3 months it will not affect farmers because the price of maize is still 12 baht per kilogram. The committee will ask for an immediate ban on imports and ask producers not to raise the price of feed raw materials because it will affect both farmers and consumers. 
"Diesel" raises prices on the first day People use gasoline less worried about entering the pump.|Today (May 1) is the first day that the government has reduced the subsidy on diesel prices. As a result, the retail price at the pump was increased by 2 baht. The Thai PBS news team surveyed several gas stations and found that there were few visitors. Some expressed concern over today's price adjustment (May 1, 2022). Thai PBS reporters survey several gas stations in the Bangkok area. It was found that the price at the pump that was notified to customers since 05.00 a.m. was adjusted to 31.99 liters per litre. From the announcement of reducing the subsidy to half (oil fund pays half - oil users pay half), but only as a first step, adjust 2 baht before monitoring the situation to adjust the price increase and decrease accordingly for premium diesel. The reduction of premium diesel subsidies will be gradually reduced by 2 baht per week until it is exhausted and will be charged to the fund to 1 baht, which will take about 5 weeks to reflect the market price. Gasohol E85 is gradually reducing the subsidy by 1 baht per week. According to observations today (May 1), it was found that there are diesel cars using Bang Ta gas stations. The person who came to fill up the gas station informed that he was not aware of the price adjustment, while the consultant of the Bus Operators Club Category 4 or Songtaew in the alley said that he may ask the Department of Land Transport to review the fare from 8 baht throughout the route to 10 baht throughout the route. As for passengers, they are not in trouble either, the public admits that they are worried about the diesel price hike. And has gradually watered cars to fill up since before the price adjustment, so today (May 1) there are not many car leaders to fill up gas stations in the district. Muang Nakhon Ratchasima, Nakhon Ratchasima This morning (May 1), people went to fill up some gasoline, especially in the diesel sector. The price is 31.94 baht per litre and premium diesel is 37.96 baht per litre. Like Mahasarakham District, Mahasarakham Province, gas stations are quite quiet. Some customers are not aware of the price hike but admit that they need to plan how they spend their money each day because their income remains the same at gas stations in Loei municipality, Loei province. People in Nan province who use diesel fuel Refuel your car before the price is renewed. Mrs. Kanitha Saetia said that the car should be refueled first to reduce the burden from the increase in fuel costs by 2 baht per liter and is likely to increase further. Many people have to park their cars at various places waiting for passengers. Instead of driving patrols to get people to read other news, oil prices are rising. Diesel Group +2 Baht - Gasohol E85 +1 Baht Some villagers and farmers started hoarding "diesel" before raising the price of "excise". Clarification on diesel tax reduction of 3 baht per liter until May 20 
Cheap contraband oil from Malaysia starts to be sold in Narathiwat|Cheap contraband oil from Malaysia sold along Narathiwat - Tak Bai road  Takbai, Narathiwat Domestic oil rose Meanwhile, Songkhla fishing boats had to temporarily stop fishing because they could not bear the cost of oil prices today (May 6, 2022). People bring cars and motorcycles to fill up with gasoline. Diesel or yellow bottle oil tax evasion or contraband oil from Malaysia The merchant put it in a bottle. Gallons of 10 liters and 20 liters are sold along Narathiwat - Tak Bai Road.  A lot of oil prices from Malaysia that merchants bring to sell. Diesel is sold at 30 baht per liter, in the country it is sold at 31 baht per liter, 94 satang per liter. Gasohol 95 sells 30 baht per liter, in the country sells 41 baht 54 satang per liter, while at gas stations in Narathiwat province, people are gradually bringing their cars to fill up as usual. And there are small oil vendors in the villages. Put the fuel tank in the trunk of the car to refuel. 80% or more than 500 Songkhla fishing boats had to temporarily stop fishing because they could not bear the cost of oil. President of Songkhla Fisheries Association Fuel prices are rising. But the catch of aquatic animals is the same, and the selling price is the same. Therefore, fishing had to be temporarily stopped. The other 20 percent are still navigable but use informal oil. 
Cabinet approves "Maize Insurance" Tier 1 The state subsidizes insurance premiums by 60%.|Cabinet approves maize insurance project for 2022 with 224 million baht The state subsidizes 60% of insurance premiums only for Tier 1 today (May 3, 2022). MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister's Office Revealed that the Cabinet approved the maize insurance project for the production year 2022 with the amount of 224.44 million baht. With a Tier 1 target area of 2.06 million rai and a Tier 2 area of 60,000 rai, the maize insurance program for the 2022 production year is the same as the 2021 production year, with the government subsidizing 60% of Tier 1 insurance premiums and the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC). 40% Tier 1 premium subsidy with terms and conditions As follows, Tier 1 basic insurance premiums are divided into 2 groups: BAAC loan customers, premium 160 baht per rai, target area 2 million rai. The government will subsidize insurance premiums at 96 baht per rai (60%) and the BAAC will subsidize insurance premiums at 64 baht per rai (40%). The premium is divided into low-risk areas of 150 baht per rai, medium-risk areas of 350 baht per rai, high-risk areas of 550 baht per rai, including target areas not exceeding 60,000 rai. Covers 7 pest or epidemic and natural disasters, including floods or heavy rains. drought Drought or rain dumps during windstorms or typhoons Tier1 provides coverage for natural disasters of 1,500 baht per rai and pest or disease threats of 750 baht per rai, while Tier2 provides coverage for natural disasters of 240 baht per rai and pest or disease threats of 120 baht per rai. End of policy) There are 99,335 Tier 1 insured farmers with an area of 1.60 million rai, or 55.78% of the target area. The government encourages farmers to participate in maize insurance to reduce losses in case of damage from natural disasters and pests or epidemics. 
Start today! The state helps "fuel costs" win motorcycles 250/month through the Pao Tang app.|The government has helped ease fuel costs, giving discounts to over 100,000 motorcyclists. 250 baht per month for 3 months to avoid fare hike affecting people on May 8, 2022 MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister's Office According to the government, 13 measures have been approved to alleviate the burden of people's expenses during the rising energy price situation in the global market. One of the measures introduced today is the Gasoline Price Mitigation Program for public motorcycle riders, which provides fuel price discounts to taxi motorcycle riders who have a public motorcycle driving license from the Department of Land Transport. 106,655 people are entitled to fuel allowance not exceeding 50 baht/person/day and not exceeding 250 baht/person/month for a total of 3 months. May-July 2022 so that the fare hike does not affect the public. Miss Ratchada further said how to get the right that qualified motorcycle taxi riders. You can confirm your rights at the "Pao Tang" application, the banner "Win Save" and participating gas stations can confirm the right at the "Money Bag" application and start exercising the privilege from today (May 8) at participating gas stations. Currently, more than 1,000 gas stations have applied for the program, and service stations can apply continuously. Fill out the request form (for service stations) at www.doeb.go.th or for more information, please contact the project's Call Center at 0 2794 4308 – 9 (during office hours). 
More foreign tourists entering Thailand after Test & Go cancellation|After the cancellation of Test & Go, an average of nearly 20,000 people arrive per day, and 7-10 million foreign tourists are expected to come to Thailand every year today (May 8, 2022). Reporters reported that since Thailand canceled Test & Go on May 1, Mr. Yuthasak Supasorn, Governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) Foreign tourist arrivals to Thailand have increased significantly. from the previous record high in months. April averaged 12,000-13,000 people per day, but from May 1-5, the average was around 19,000 per day. TAT abroad on good signs of recovery, such as Paris office According to the report, French tourists' demand for air tickets to Thailand increased 4 times after the cancellation of Test & Go, thus reflecting the relaxation of entry measures. The target is 50 percent of the total revenue in 2019, with the revenue from the foreign tourist market expected to be at least 600 billion baht or 7-10 million tourist arrivals. To screen for COVID-19 vaccination and insurance as required by the Thai government, will the system be abolished soon? The Ministry of Public Health and related agencies will look at the data to make decisions. If the number of infections in the country continues to decline and there is clear data to refer to those who have arrived from overseas. If it does not cause infections in Thailand, it may consider easing or lifting more entry restrictions, said Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health. After easing entry over the past 1 week, Infections have been detected among a very small proportion of travelers entering the country. Compared to domestic infections Initially, it proposed to cancel the Thailand Pass for Thai nationals to enter the country freely because most people have received at least two doses of vaccine and if they are infected, they will receive care according to their rights. Foreigners will consider it nextRead more news Thai government prepares to propose cancellation of Thailand Pass for Thais after COVID-19 downturn First day "Suvarnabhumi" Open to tourists after cancellation of Test & Go system 
"Fun Water Park" Announces Permanent Closure |"Fun Water Park" Samut Prakan Province to permanently close its business on May 16 After experiencing liquidity shortages due to COVID-19 poisoning. The owner of the business admitted that he could not retreat. While the service user admits regret. Affordable price And the atmosphere is good, the short words of Mr. Nattapong Patavisatien. Owner of a fun water park in Theparak Subdistrict, Mueang Samut Prakan District. Accept the announcement of permanent closure of the business. After publishing a message on SansaNook's Facebook page on May 9, Nattapong said that it opened in 2015 and receives hundreds of customers each day. Until 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic occurred. The government has ordered the closure of a number of employees who have had to quit to find new jobs despite reducing the cost of wages, but still have to bear the burden of other expenses such as water, electricity, chlorine solution that must be used to adjust the water condition and disinfect every 3 days. Instead, there are fewer people who use the service and can no longer bear the burden. While the atmosphere The fun water park is still bustling with groups of children who go to visit and play in the water. Cool off the heat. After the business owner, the service visitors, which include children. Adults and seniors say it's a shame because the water park is easy to bring families to relax. However, to reward customers one last time. The water park has reduced the service fee. From 150 baht per adult to 99 baht per person, and seniors aged 60 and over are free of charge, it will be open until Monday and then permanently close the business.   
Cabinet tapped 1,725 million baht to carry "FT fee" for 4 months|The Cabinet tapped the central budget of 1,725 million baht. 4-month FT reduction for residential and small business users who use no more than 300 units of electricity per month From May to August Today (10 May 2022) Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the Cabinet meeting approved the 1,724.95 million baht credit limit. The measure provides a discount on variable electricity tariff (FT) to residential and small business electricity consumers, excluding government agencies and state enterprises, who use no more than 300 units of electricity per month for a period of 4 months. Such electricity users who pay electricity bills to the Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA) and the Provincial Electricity Authority (PEA) will receive a discount on their electricity bills from the reduction of the FT fee of 0.2338 baht per unit, which is in accordance with the Cabinet resolutions on March 29 and April 19. to people in the category of residential homes and small businesses. There is money for consumption and consumption to help reduce impacts and prevent risks that may arise to entrepreneurs' business operations. Including the lives of the affected people. Energy prices due to conflict in Europe This will help the Thai economy as a whole to move forward in the next phase. 
"Je Gyo" asks for a 1 satang per kilometer bus ticket|"Je Gyo" submitted a letter to the Director-General of the Department of Transport requesting a fare adjustment by 1 baht per liter for gasoline. It will ask for an increase of 1 satang per kilometer. and request a reduction in fees. Stated that it cannot bear the cost today (May 12, 2022). Bus operators jointly by Bus Station and the Thai Bus Association submitted a letter to Mr. Jirut Wisanjit. The Director-General of the Department of Land Transport has asked for a fare increase in line with the current diesel price of 32 baht per liter. The president of the Bus Sharing Operators Association and owners of Cherdchai Bus Garage and Cherdchai Tour Bus Co., Ltd. stated that he asked the Department of Land Transport to consider raising fares in line with the diesel price increase of 32 baht per liter. The price of petrol has increased by 1 baht per liter. It will ask for an increase of 1 satang per kilometer. He also asked for a reduction in fees such as insurance, the Motor Accident Victims Protection Act to alleviate expenses and running fees (leg fees). In case of not running the car while the cost of fuel is currently up to 60 percent, the current substance fare is charged at 27 baht 79 satang per liter. This is calculated from the original rate. And fares have not increased since 2015. It said the break-even point of one car must have at least 16 passengers, but it was previously affected by COVID-19. If the discussion today (May 12) the Department of Land Transport refuses to increase the price, it is requested to continue to monitor how each company will proceed because each company is affected and the company plan is different. He insisted that it was the duty of the government to find reasons for entrepreneurs to stay because people now have more burdens and scarce money. If they do not help, it may cause entrepreneurs to go out of business. Read More News "Je Kyo" Announces sale of tour bus business to fight COVID-19 high fuel prices, freeze diesel price of 32 baht per liter for another week 
Binance-Bitkub resumes trading "LUNA" - Bitazza stops selling completely|After Binance and Bitkub announced that they would stop trading LUNA and UST coins after falling by more than 99%, both boards have recently resumed trading, while Bitazza has announced a complete halt to trading. It also drew criticism a few days after Terra announced that it would shut down its blockchain network to prevent attacks due to problems with the UST stablecoin created by Terra. The price of UST was kept at $1 through algorithmatic mechanisms through the creation of LUNA coin to peg the price, but a sell-off led to investor panic, the price of LUNA fell by more than 99%. Terra tried to rebalance the UST price to return to the equivalent of $1 by creating more LUNA mint into the system to support the price of USTBitkub Academy. According to Terrascope, the event started on May 8, 2022, which showed an abnormal increase in supply. Hoping for UST's value to return to $1, the result turned into an all-time high increase in supply of 6.9 trillion. LUNA (as of May 13, 2022) compared to the usual LUNA has a soft cap of supply of only about 1 billion. The popular drama-addict page has revealed that the incident caused many Thais to lose their savings. Some even lose hundreds of thousands of baht because they believe that LUNA is a stable stablecoin to some extent. Not unlike the Facebook group of cryptocurrency investors, many people have come out to share their experiences of losing tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars with this incident after such incidents, both Binance Bitazza or Bitkub gradually announced to stop trading coins. However, Binance has resumed trading on LUNA and UST coins. Last night. Meanwhile, Bitkub will resume its normal LUNA deposit-withdrawal system from 12:40 p.m. today, while Bitazza announced that it will stop trading LUNA and UST altogether. This is because the value of the coin is no longer exchangeable. The company will consider the situation as appropriate and may reopen both coins while Do Kwon The creators of LUNA have once again made a move via Twitter. In his final tweet on May 11, he stated that he was heartbroken by the incident and admitted that UST could no longer be a stable coin. In the past, he has spoken to the team and those who have been damaged by the problem. Among the many proposals for solutions submitted Do Kwon He also confirmed that he was not selling LUNA or UST coins to make a single profit and that he would continue discussions with the team to find a solution to the problem. It is a highly trusted coin from all over the world. This incident may affect the confidence of cryptocurrency investment widely.  
"Sin Steady" - Court to hold rehabilitation hearing Aug. 15|"Sinmunkong" issued a statement not yet closed the business.  Let's move forward with the business. Do not leave responsibility by closing the business. To reiterate, filing a rehabilitation is the best solution. There are still 350,000 outstanding COVID claims, amounting to 30,000 million baht. Meanwhile, the court scheduled a hearing on the petition on August 15 in the case of Sinmunmun Insurance Public Company Limited filed a request for business rehabilitation with the Central Bankruptcy Court.  The Bankruptcy Court has already ordered the receipt of the business rehabilitation application and the court has set a date for hearing the business rehabilitation application on August 15. Sinkong Insurance Public Company Limited has issued a statement in case of business rehabilitation submission to the Central Bankruptcy Court. Do not leave responsibility by closing the business. To reiterate, filing a reorganization is the best solution at the moment because it truly benefits all parties.  Investors have also expressed interest in investing if the company is able to enter the rehabilitation process. The COVID-19 claim issue will be resolved. In addition, the main business is car insurance and sleeping. The motor also has potential. Good turnover In 2021, the Company received approximately 2 million Covid-19 face-to-face and 2-in-1 insurance policies with a total premium of Baht 661 million. All proceeds from retained earnings will be used to pay COVID claims due to the widespread COVID pandemic and the mutation of the virus, especially the highly contagious Omicron variant, but the symptoms are mild or asymptomatic. Mar 22 onwards There are a large number of insured people filing Covid claims. As a result, there are approximately 350,000 outstanding COVID claims, equivalent to approximately 30,000 million baht, when the total COVID claims paid will be 41,875 million baht. In the past, the Company has made every effort to resolve the large burden of COVID claims by recruiting investors to increase their financial ability to pay COVID claims. It is the main reason why investors delay their investment decisions. The Company has been determined and tried its best to solve the problem and find a solution over the past several months. The rehabilitation process is the only most appropriate solution to solve this problem and will be in the best interest of all stakeholders involved. If the Company is unable to enter the rehabilitation process, the Company will have its insurance license revoked and eventually shut down. This resulted in tens of billions of baht in COVID claims. This will aggravate the financial situation of the non-life insurance fund even more than it is today. The non-life insurance fund has been burdened with helping creditors of non-life insurance companies that have had their licenses revoked as many as 4, making it highly likely that the non-life insurance fund will be illiquid and will not have enough money to pay claims on behalf of the closed non-life insurance company, which currently has a debt amount of more than 20 billion baht. The Company will be affected by the closure of its business, including nearly 2,000 employees and suppliers, will not be able to repay its debts and lose revenue. Therefore, the Company is obliged to submit a request for business rehabilitation to the court. Therefore, the Company will be able to continue to operate its business continuously and adjust its debt repayment structure appropriately and fairly, which will help build investor confidence and improve financial position. All in all. The success of the Company's business rehabilitation depends on the understanding and cooperation of all parties. The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) has announced the listing of the C sign on securities of Sinkong Insurance Public Company Limited or SMK from May 20. Read news related to "Sinkong Insurance" filed a bankruptcy court request for OIC business rehabilitation, confirming that the company is prohibited from canceling the "meet, pay, finish" policy.  
"Rider" bears the burden of additional fuel costs - asks the state for subsidies|Gasoline users are asking the government to help with rising gasohol prices. The same applies to helping diesel fuel users. Especially for riders, the burden of fuel costs increased by an average of 100 baht per day today (May 25, 2022). Reporters reported that gasoline and gasohol users were affected just like diesel users. Especially for food delivery service providers through the application or riders who fill up with gasohol to transport food every day and face rising fuel prices, one rider said that the increase in gasohol prices has caused the cost to rise by an average of 100 baht per day. Fuel costs have increased from 200 baht a day to 300 baht as fuel prices have risen frequently, with the need to drive food trucks for up to 40 jobs a day to meet the cost of living. It states that the delivery of food several times a day depends on the orderer. Because riders are quite competitive for jobs, motorcycle taxi riders. He admitted that even though he received 250 baht a month for fuel allowance, the amount was too small and was not utilized because the gas stations did not participate everywhere and the participating pumps were far away, it was not worth riding a motorcycle to fill Mrs. Patthira's side. Saipratumthip, Deputy Director-General, Department of Energy Business The number of gas stations participating in the WinSave project as of May 20, 2022 stood at 1,000, while the number of Win taxi and confirmed drivers stood at 250,000-260,000 people, up from tens of thousands in the initial period. In order to attract gas stations and drivers to the project, will the assistance increase and extend the assistance to other groups? The budget will be considered because the Department of Energy Business currently spends about 80 million baht. And must monitor the situation of oil prices during the month. What is the trend for the overall consumption of gasoline? In a month May is close to the month. April averaged 30 million liters per day. While using diesel fuel. This decreased to 66.7 million liters per day from 79.6 million liters per day. As a result of the government shifting the price freeze on dieselRead other news Cabinet knocks "tax cut" on diesel 5 baht per liter starting May 21, half a person Phase 5 "Development" The point must be targeted - at the right time, the Treasury prepares to open a new round of registration for the "State Welfare Card". This August 
The Royal Gazette announced the Act on VAT exemption on the transfer of crypto-digital tokens.|The Government Gazette website publishes the Royal Decree. Issued in accordance with the Revenue Code on Value Added Tax Exemption (No. 744) B.E. 2565 VAT exemption for transfers of cryptocurrencies or digital tokens on May 24, 2022 The Government Gazette website published the Royal Decree issued under the Revenue Code on Value Added Tax Exemption (No. 744) B.E. 2565 with the following contents: Stated that His Majesty the King Rama Thibodi Sri Sindara Maha Vajiralongkorn His Majesty the King has decreed that Whereas it is expedient to exempt VAT on the transfer of cryptocurrencies or digital tokens by virtue of Article 175 of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand and Article 3 (1) of the Revenue Code, as amended by the Revenue Code Amendment Act (No. 10) B.E. 2496, His Majesty the King has graciously enacted the Royal Decree. As follows: Section 1 This decree is called "Royal Decree issued under the Revenue Code on Value Added Tax Exemption (No. 744) B.E. 2565"Section 2. This decree shall come into force from the day following the date of publication in the Government Gazette onwards. VAT exemption for transfers of cryptocurrencies or digital tokens made on digital asset exchanges in accordance with the law on digital asset business from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023Section 4 The Minister of Finance shall act in accordance with this decree. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister Remarks :- The reason for the promulgation of this decree is: Whereas it is expedient to promote and support the trading of cryptocurrencies or digital tokens carried out on digital asset exchanges of Thailand; In order to benefit the regulation of digital asset transactions, VAT exemption should be granted for the transfer of cryptocurrencies or digital tokens made on digital asset exchanges authorized by the law on digital asset business from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023. The Government Gazette website also published the Royal Decree. Issued in accordance with the Revenue Code on Value Added Tax Exemption (No. 745) B.E. 2565 with details Stated that His Majesty the King Rama Thibodi Sri Sindara Maha Vajiralongkorn His Majesty the King has decreed that Whereas it is expedient to exempt VAT on the transfer of digital currencies issued by the Bank of Thailand by virtue of Article 175 of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand and Article 3 (1) of the Revenue Code, as amended by the Revenue Code Amendment Act (No. 10) B.E. 2496, His Majesty the King has hereby enacted the Royal Decree as follows: Section 1 This decree is called "Royal Decree issued under the Revenue Code on Value Added Tax Exemption (No. 745) B.E. 2565"Section 2. This decree shall come into force from the day following the date of publication in the Government Gazette onwards. 3 VAT exemption shall be granted for the transfer of digital currencies under the Digital Currency Development and Commissioning Project issued by the Bank of Thailand for public use from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023. Section 4 The Minister of Finance shall act in accordance with this decree. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister Remarks :- The reason for the promulgation of this decree is that the Bank of Thailand has established a project to develop and test the use of digital currencies issued by the Bank of Thailand for use in the public sector. The objective is to develop a digital economy and critical infrastructure conducive to the development of safe financial innovations in the future, under which digital currencies will be issued and used in exchange for currency. In order to test the use of such digital currencies, VAT exemption should be granted for the transfer of digital currencies under the said scheme made from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023. 
Best seller! "Banana and mango shoots" Aftermath of growing crops to avoid land tax|Banana Farmer, Nakhon Pathom Province Identify best-selling banana shoots The latter, the landowner, winch bought a thousand shoots at a time. To be planted in the wasteland area to avoid land tax, especially at the beginning of this year, the price fell to 20 baht per shoot, while also buying mango, coconut and lemon branches. Confirmation of Mrs. Pajawan Issarakraisorn Banana growers It is stated that it is the time to make money for banana growers after the factor of taxation of land and buildings. in 2022 at the full rate, which may affect those who hold large amounts of land. It is a time to make money because plant species are in demand, many people say the same voice. Their main customers now are those who want to plant plants. In an empty area, Thai PBS landed on a banana plantation in Don Kruai district. Damnoen Saduak District, Ratchaburi Farmers who cultivate banana varieties Nam Wa We are rushing to decorate the farmland to prepare to dig banana shoots for sale. It will be planted in Nang Pajwan's vacant land from January to February last year. There will be quite a lot of customers coming to buy banana shoots. When asked, they often say that if bananas are planted, they will be able to pay land tax in time for March to April because bananas are easy to grow. Throw it away. When it was time to cut the chain, there were vendors who came to buy it, it was an option that customers would plant to avoid land tax. As a result, land taxes are less. Not unlike the garden of Mrs. Pranee Faksmall. in Pimonrat Bang Bua Thong, Nonthaburi At this stage, more than 30 varieties of mango branches, including many fruit trees such as coconut, longan, banana, jackfruit and lemon. She earns more than 100,000 baht per month, with almost all customers wanting plants. To help reduce the burden of land taxRead related newsGrow bananas CSR Avoid land tax rate - who owns the most?  
"Jurin" reiterates the establishment of Palm Subcommittee 5 to oversee prices and check stock|"Jurin" Identify 5 sub-committees to manage palm oil balance Aim for fair prices and avoid shortages of edible palm oil today. (30 May 2022) Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party, Deputy Prime Minister and Commerce Minister, spoke about palm oil prices at the moment. It was established by resolution of the National Oil Palm Policy Committee (MPC) consisting of 5 parties, including farmers' representatives, mill representatives, farmers' representatives, and farmers' representatives. Representative Plant Plant Palm Edible Bottle This sub-committee will consider 2 matters in order to ensure fair prices and to avoid shortages of edible palm oil in the country, fair quantities and prices, will consider appropriately how much the cost of edible palm oil production has risen because the price of crude palm fruit, which is an important cost of production, has risen considerably, averaging 10 baht per kilogram, which is higher than 2-3 baht per kilogram 2-3 years ago. As a result, the price of edible palm oil has risen in cost, coupled with the price of oil, which is a higher transportation cost. As a result, the price of bottled palm oil has increased with the distance of transportation, which is a factor that has caused the price of edible oil to increase. The Department of Internal Trade will negotiate and establish a clear price structure at the same time. This sub-committee will monitor to ensure that the price is within the structural price, but now the structural price is higher than the actual selling price because the Ministry of Commerce has asked for cooperation to provide an appropriate price, which is currently 66-68 baht per bottle, although lower than the structural price, but it has been cooperated well. 
The Lottery Office is ready to sell 7.5 million tickets for 80 baht on June 2.|From June 2, the public will be able to buy 80 baht per lottery ticket. After the lottery office Launched a digital lottery ticket distribution system on the "Pao Tang" application and is ready to consider appeals against disqualified merchants but must return to sell on the Pao Tang app only today (May 30, 2022). Reporters reported that in the trial of the government lottery distribution system on the "Pao Tang" application, the past 2 installments went smoothly. The Government Lottery Committee therefore approved the general opening of the digital lottery ticket distribution system on June 2, totaling 5 million tickets. After disqualifying the lottery dealer in the reservation order system that sub-sells the lottery tickets to private platforms. Of these, 10,000 have appealed, 3,000 of whom have submitted new reasons and evidence, but if the appeal is passed, digital tickets must be sold on the "Pao Tang" application only. 80 baht per card, but must pay via "Pao Tang" application, a total of 2.5 million cards. From the number of 600 service points nationwide, the number of tickets of 80 baht per ticket in the system is not less than 7.5 million. On June 2, Mr. Lavarna Deep light The Chairman of the Government Lottery Committee reiterated that the sale of digital tickets on the "Pao Tang" application increases channels and options for lottery dealers and consumers. If the digital lottery ticket is accepted and there is a demand to buy more than the amount available in the system. The Lottery Office is also ready to consider gradually increasing the number of tickets as well as increasing the option for lottery dealers to reduce ticket prices. In addition, the Lottery Office is in the process of screening real lottery ticket dealers from the number of traders in the old quota system of 110,000 people and 70,000 new applicants. All vendors will undergo a thorough screening process again. It is expected to be completed and announced traders who have been allocated new quotas. By July 2022 and ready to apply for State Welfare Card holders. Register lottery dealers to help low-income people. This will alleviate poverty sustainably. 
On June 1, LPG prices increased by 15 baht to 363 baht per 15kg cylinder.|FF on. Increase diesel price by 1 baht per liter As a result, the retail price of diesel will be increased to 32.94 baht per litre, while LPG will be increased by 15 baht from 348 baht to 363 baht per 15kg cylinder today (May 31, 2022). Mr. Wisak Wattanajit Director, Office of the Fuel Fund (ONF) Revealed that the meeting of the Fuel Fund Management Committee approved to increase the retail price of diesel in the country. 1 baht per litre from 31.94 baht per liter to 32.94 baht per liter Effective from May 31, the government has also stepped in to help halve the price of diesel according to the government's policy to not exceed 35 baht per liter. According to the ceiling set for this diesel rate hike due to the continued volatility of global oil prices due to various factors affecting large economies, the price of diesel at the end of last week was $149.49 per barrel. The U.S. crude oil inventories declined, as China prepares for the reopening. On June 6, the BMA will reconsider weekly diesel prices, taking into account global oil prices as the main factor. And what will the fund's position be as a component and after June? In addition, on June 1, the price of cooking gas (LPG) will gradually increase by another kilogram (kg). As a result, the price of LPG for a 15kg drum will increase by 15 baht to 363 baht from 348 baht in May. April is 333 baht per 15kg drum.  
Prime Minister satisfied with strong Thai economy, industrial production grows for 8th month|Prime Minister satisfied with signs that Thai economy remains strong Industrial production grew for the 8th consecutive month, in line with exports of both industrial and agricultural products. Support employed people according to the government's policy to maintain the recovery of people with income today (June 2, 2022) Miss TRISULI TRISORNANAKUL Deputy spokesman of the Prime Minister's Office said Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister monitored the economic situation and received reports of signs of the strength of the Thai economy. It was reported that the industrial production sector in the month Meanwhile, the Office of Industrial Economics assessed the trend through the EWS-IE tool and found that in the next 1-2 months, the industrial sector will continue to expand with the recovery of the domestic economy and export growth in line with the economic recovery of Thailand's trading partners. After the COVID-19 pandemic situation eased accordingly. Both Thailand and abroad relaxed disease control measures. People are traveling and spending more. Ms Traisuli said the Prime Minister was pleased with the latest economic signals that also showed the strength of the Thai economy. Industrial Exports The recovery from the full reopening of the country reflects the trend of employment and the improvement in people's spending power. This is in line with the government's policy to ensure that the economy continues to recover in order to create employment. This is to maintain economic momentum. The Prime Minister has assigned relevant agencies to focus on facilitating entrepreneurs in both industrial production and export sectors, especially in the export sector, to support them in finding new markets with potential, such as the market in oil-exporting countries that benefit from higher oil prices and expanding the market due to the fact that many countries have now implemented food protection policies. In order to maintain food security during the impact of the war, Thailand's position as a major exporter of agricultural and food products will be an opportunity for exporters to expand their markets further. 
Land Transportation DES closes Grab app to request a ride Reason for not registering|The Department of Land Transport coordinated with DES to request that it use its power to shut down the Grab application because it is not yet legally registered. while The DES Minister acknowledged the matter, stating that the closure was to prevent service users from suffering from non-compliance with the rules today (June 2, 2022). Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn Minister of Digital Economy and Society (DES) Revealed that Mr. Jirut Wisanjit Director-General, Department of Land Transport The Ministry of Transport has filed a complaint asking the Ministry of DES to help close the unregistered taxi application, the Grab application, by exercising its powers under the Computer Crime Act. He said the government promotes the use of applications for the convenience of people to request taxi or delivery services. And people who do car hire business must register correctly to ensure safety and consumer protection. If allowed to continue, it will cause chaos and people to suffer on Mr. Chirutm's side. The Ministry of Transport issued the Ministerial Regulation on Electronic Taxi Vehicles B.E. 2564 (2021) along with related ordinances for some time and required applications to be registered since last month. Oct2021 The application for registration ended March 31, but some people refused to apply for a license and register a business in Thailand, but still provided services, which is illegal, according to information that the Department of Land Transport discussed with the DES Ministry. It was found that Grab Car, a 4-wheel car service, is in the process of applying for a license with the Department of Land Transport, but Grab Bike or Motorcycle Service has not yet applied for a license. Therefore, when both services are under the same application, it may affect and close both applications for the principles of the Computer Act. It starts by gathering evidence with the Department of Land Transport and then sends it to the Criminal Court to request the court to block it. 
"Chatchat" asks for 1 month to clear "BTS Green Line" contract |Governor Chatchat Send a signal after discussion with Bangkok Thanakhom BTS Green Line Contract Clues Set a 1-month goal to conclude the contract knot. As for the debt burden of 40 billion baht, infrastructure requested multi-agency discussions. If you get out of debt, you will help lower fares today (June 2, 2022). Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan Governor of Bangkok After more than an hour of discussions with Krung Thepthanakom to detail the operation contract and concession for the Green Line, it is expected to be concluded in a month. BTS Green Line Contract It was found that the contract that will end in 2042 is a cause for debt. Therefore, the information must be used to check what the debt burden is caused by and whether the contract must be approved by the Bangkok Council. Mr. Chatchart said that if necessary, Bangkok also has provisions for borrowing money that can be used to pay off debts. It is an ordinance that must first pass the Bangkok Parliament and is a loan from the state to get cheaper interest than private borrowing. He reiterated that the details must be carefully looked at before the extension of the concession contract that expires in 2029 has not yet been discussed clearly because it is the first time that it has been discussed because there are still relevant parts. The Bangkok Traffic and Transport Bureau and the Bangkok Council came to discuss the information and review the contract renewal by having the Bangkok Council carefully look at the contents according to the guidelines. Interior Minister and related agencies to find a common direction, Mr. Chatchart said. Currently, the debt issue is not clear who will be the responsible agency. In the past, there have been discussions with 3 parts, namely the Bangkok Police Department, the Ministry of Transport, but the process is still unclear how Bangkok has taken about 40 billion baht of infrastructure debt as debt through the Bangkok Council. Because in the past, the Joint Venture Act was not used to compete. The fare for 8 stations at 25 baht was the target after the team studied the data and found it feasible. This is a goal that I want to do, but there will be other things to consider as wellRead related news"Governor Chatchat" discusses BTS concession contract - Green BTS waste power plant from "Chatchat" corner""Chatchat" receives certificate of the 17th Governor of Bangkok      
"Energy" prepares to discuss reducing oil refining costs|Ministry of Energy prepares to discuss refineries and Ministry of Commerce Find ways to reduce refining costs. After finding that the distillation value is high at 5 baht per liter. Exceeding the assumption of 2 baht per liter It is believed that if optimized, it will affect the retail price of gasoline to decline today (June 2, 2022). Reporters reported that after the Land Transport Federation of Thailand Submit a letter to the Ministry of Commerce to review the refining fee of the refinery group, which increased in May 2022 Tap 5.82 baht per litre from April 2022 at 1.35 baht per liter. Director, Energy Policy and Planning Office He said he was prepared to consult with refineries and the Ministry of Commerce to determine the appropriate refining value. Because at present, the refining value does not match the hypothesis that the NIA Or about 2 baht per liter. The current distillation cost averages 5 baht per liter, which is quite high, which is expected to be concluded by the end of the month. However, it is believed that if the refining value is adjusted appropriately, it will affect the retail price of oil to decrease. The company also revealed that energy prices in the short term are expected to remain high. Dubai crude oil prices for the full year 2022 are forecast to be USD 110-115 per barrel. Energy consumption in the first quarter of 2022 for final commercial use increased by 9.2% due to the country's economic recovery and the relaxation of COVID-19 containment measures. As a result, energy consumption has increased. Read more news on diesel price hike 1 baht per liter effective May 31"Supattanapong" Compared to neighboring countries, Thai oil prices are not high. 
5 months, 1.3 million foreigners visit Thailand Revenue hopes for 1.5 trillion|The Prime Minister is satisfied that tourism has continued to show positive signs until the end of the year. TAT hopes for tourism this year Generate revenue of not less than 1.5 trillion baht. 5-month cumulative tourist count of 1,359,056 people today (June 3, 2022) Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha Prime Minister and Defence Minister satisfied with business sector Thailand's tourism industry is back in full swing. Believe in the overall tourism Positive signs continued until the end of the year as the government relaxed entry measures. Date 1 Jun 2022 All forms of quarantine will be lifted and Thailand Pass registration will remain open for foreign tourists. Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) Report on the number of travelers visiting Thailand The cumulative amount from January 1 to June 1, 2022 totaled 1,359,056 people. This is higher than the previous target of 300,000 per month, and during the fourth quarter, which is the high season, it will boost the travel of foreign tourists up to 1 million per month. Generate income to Thailand of not less than 1.5 trillion baht. Negotiate business with entrepreneurs in 3 main markets: Amsterdam Kingdom of the Netherlands Paris It is also preparing to enter the Chinese market, which is expected to open up for tourism later this year. prime minister As director of the Center for COVID-19 Situation Management, he also monitors the situation of the COVID-19 pandemic. in the country and around the world, which direction will change? To prepare to adjust measures in line with the further development of the epidemic. Meanwhile, people in the country are still asked to follow the public health measures taken by the government and the CDC. Next assignment
This week, truckers are preparing to raise freight costs.|This week, truckers are set to raise freight charges by another 3% to reflect the cost of diesel. The government has knocked weekly diesel prices whether to freeze the price further or increase it by 1 baht due to high volatility in the global oil market. Today (6 June 2022) Mr. Apichart Pairungruang Chairman, Land Transport Federation of Thailand It said it would raise service fees by 3% this week, as previously announced. In case of diesel every 1 baht per liter. Last week, shipping costs were raised by 15%, which is still lower than the actual cost. If based on the price of diesel at 33 baht per litre, the transportation cost should be increased by 23% compared to the retail price of diesel at 30 baht per litre and will continue to increase until the ceiling set by the government is 35 baht per litre. Signaling a price hike as well. Mr. Somchai Pornrattanacharoen President, Thai Retail Wholesalers Association He said that transportation costs are the cost of goods, so the price of goods is likely to increase many more, coupled with the cost of raw materials of product production. Entrepreneurs cannot bear the cost burden and must start gradually increasing prices. In June, the first increase in the retail price of sauces is sauces, which will increase by 1-2 baht and instant noodles, which will increase the wholesale price by 10 satang per sachet, but the retail price is still at 6 baht per sachet. The Fuel Fund Management Committee will consider the weekly diesel price increase to see if it will consider increasing the diesel price by 1 baht as well as last week. If the increase results in the price of diesel at 34 baht per liter, which is still under the ceiling price of not more than 35 baht per liter, or consider fixing the price of diesel fuel by 33 baht per liter. Currently, there are 2 banks under consideration, namely Government Savings Bank and Krung Thai Bank, but in the past, both banks still had conditions that required the Office to provide more information, especially regarding liquidity management of the Fund. Net loss of Baht 81,359 million. The latest fund status must be considered. June 5, 2022 as well as how much additional losses were in line with the original target. The first loan was 20 billion baht. The fund will have to strengthen liquidity within this month. jumped more than $2 USD. In morning trading last morning (June 6), the West Texas Crude Oil contract Delivery Month Brent crude fell $0.08, or 0.07%, to $119.6 a barrel in July, while Brent crude fell $0.08, or 0.07%, to $119.6 a barrel. Factors contributing to the increase in oil as Saudi Arabia raised crude oil prices in December Jul2022 at a glance This shows that oil supply is tight even though OPEC oil exporters Agreed to accelerate productivity increase in the next two months.  
Entrepreneurs believe the first 2 years of business "marijuana" Generate 20 billion|Preparing to unlock cannabis keeps the business sector on alert. Entrepreneurs believe that there will be at least 20 billion baht in cannabis business during the first two years today (June 7, 2022). Thai PBS reporter explores cannabis plant Saraburi province, which is preparing to hold a hemp blossom festival with the intention of making it a learning center for cannabis cultivation, entrepreneurs believe that this 2 years the cannabis business will compete fiercely. Currently, there are not many licensed extraction plants. But after this, more people will enter the business because cannabis adds a lot of value. As this company prepares to export cannabis to Japan and believes that in 2 years, there will be at least 20,000 million baht in the cannabis business, while a farm in San Sai district, Chiang Mai province, originally grew hemp, earning a good income of 7,000-8,000 baht per kilogram. Currently, there are orders for fertilizer continuously coming in Ratchaburi province. A company that does integrated hemp business From planting, extracting and processing, the company is preparing to expand its comprehensive investment business to more than 200 million baht. The company aims to expand its network of 5,000 rai by planting open on 200 rai of land and using imported seeds from abroad because it is believed that this type of cultivation reduces costs more than growing in greenhouses for hemp growers. Indicates that this business operator must study the cost. How to plant and watch the market well Because of the high cost, more importantly, now there began to be impersonators representing the company to persuade villagers to do covenant farming, but in the end this company did not exist. It is believed that unlocking cannabis will further stimulate the plant's economic role. Especially medical and health. Read other news special report: When "marijuana" It is not illegal Czech conditions to import "cannabis-hemp-cottage" seeds, prohibiting GMOsThe Association of Psychiatrists recommends the government restrict vulnerable groups from accessing "cannabis". 
"Diesel" price may rise near 35 baht per liter ceiling|Rising global oil prices and a weak baht are aggravating energy prices, making it likely that retail oil prices may rise further. The Fuel Fund Management Committee will consider the weekly fuel price, which is close to the 35-baht ceiling. Director, Office of Policy and Strategy Office of the Fuel Fund (ONF) Revealed that today (June 13) the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Oil Fund Fuel prices will be determined for the week or between June 14-21 from the current 33.94 baht per liter. Local tax is not included. Be prepared to propose several approaches to consider keeping the price the same. An increase of 50 satang or 1 baht was imposed last week due to insufficient global crude oil prices. After European oil sanctions Meanwhile, Middle Eastern countries are still unable to produce much more oil. If the price of diesel is increased by 1 baht, it will increase the price to 34 baht, 94 satang per liter, or close to the full ceiling of 35 baht according to the diesel subsidy measure for 3 months. In June, it was reported that measures to control oil prices since last month. This July onwards The Ministry of Energy is in discussions with the Ministry of Finance. The Bank of Thailand and the Office of the National Economic and Social Development Council are monitoring how the prolonged Russia-Ukraine war will affect oil prices. Will the price cap be expanded, or will it seek subsidies under the existing ceiling? Currently, the negative fuel fund exceeds 90 billion baht. Read More News "Korn" State hijackers accelerate to solve refining cost problem, affecting expensive oil "durian" also sells well in the Chinese market 5-year price expected to hit 400/kg commercial brakes "instant noodle" manufacturers not to raise prices 
ShopeePay - ShopeeFood lays off more than half of its Thai workforce| Shopee ShopeeFood and ShopeePay in Thailand are reportedly likely to lay off more than half of their workforce. while The business that is still profitable is Garena, which is a gaming business. Yesterday (June 14, 2022) Citing DealStreetAsia, Sea Group, which operates the popular online shopping platform Shopee, said there would be major layoffs in several markets across the region, affecting several Southeast Asian markets including Indonesia, Thailand and Vietnam. At present, it is not possible to confirm the exact number of employees and the extent of the work cuts, but it is reported that nearly half of Shoppee's payment and food delivery teams will be affected by the downsizing. Sea Group's business continues to signal improvement in profitability Sea Group is a Singaporean company established for about 13 years and operates 3 main businesses: Garena, an online game provider for both mobile and PC, with well-known games such as Arena of Valor or ROV in Thailand, League of Legends, FIFA Online 4 Shopee. Famous online trading platforms, including SeaMoney, which provides online financial services. 
Thai inflation expected to rise to 24-year high|EIC Executive, Siam Commercial Bank Warn people to cope with rising prices and Thai inflation may rise to the highest level in 24 years from 4.9 percent to 5.9 percent today (June 14, 2022). Chief Executive Officer of the Economic Intelligence Center (EIC) said that the problem has contributed to Thailand's inflation. In the third quarter of this year, the full-year inflation forecast was revised up from 4.9 percent to 5.9 percent, prompting the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) to raise the policy rate to 0.75 percent annually in the third quarter of this year. The GDP forecast for the second quarter of the year was revised up to 2.9 percent, but exports may still be affected by the slowdown in the global economy. After the Russia-Ukraine crisis and China's continued zero-COVID policy, which will inevitably hit production chains and increase prices of goods, exacerbating the cost of living and debt servicing. It is necessary to continue to use accommodative monetary and fiscal policy.  
"Livestock" to control Lumpy Skin disease outbreak in Chaiyaphum area in a limited circle|Department of Livestock Lumpy skin control has been confirmed in Chaiyaphum province in a limited circle. One month after the news, 357 sick cattle died and 65 died, ordering strict orders in all areas, aiming for an additional 203 million baht to heal affected farmers. In case of news reports through online media Identified as from Chaiyaphum province. Lumpy Skin disease outbreaks have been detected in many areas, including more than 10 districts. 357 sick cattle were found and 65 sick died, the highest in Thailand. Today (14 June 2022) Veterinarian Soravit Thanito The Director-General of the Department of Livestock Husbandry said that the situation of Lumpy Skin disease from the beginning of the year until June Only 2,002 new sick animals were found, mostly newborn cubs, which have not yet been vaccinated and have not spread widely. The Director-General of the Department of Livestock Development said that the request for additional budget is currently in the process of helping farmers from the central budget of 203 million baht. Of the 52,389 farmers who received relief from the government trial budget, 58,089 cattle with a credit limit of 1,221 million baht were in the process of helping another 1,596 people, or 2.82 percent. Baht 203 million. The campaign is to spray disinfectant and pesticide in cattle farms, where the disease is found and within a radius of 5 kilometers, and vaccinate young animals and animals that have not yet been vaccinated. 
Transport Federation to increase transportation fee by 4% if diesel exceeds 35 baht per liter|The Transport Federation is set to raise freight rates by 4% next week if diesel prices exceed 35 baht per litre. Operators point to increased fuel and maintenance costs today (June 15, 2022) Correspondents reported that domestic and export freight rates that transport operators have pre-contracted with employers will increase in line with fluctuations in diesel prices. On average, if the price of diesel increases by 1 baht, the transportation fee will be increased by 3% under the price of diesel not exceeding 35 baht per liter. Vice President, Land Transport Federation of Thailand He admitted that he was worried that the price of petrol would exceed 35 baht per liter. In the next week, the Transport Federation will discuss a resolution on a request to increase the price of trucks if the price of diesel increases by 1 baht per litre. Transportation costs will be increased to 4 percent from 3 percent due to a 1 percent increase in costs from maintenance costs such as spare parts, skilled workers, equipment, tires, which have increased by about 20 percent. For example, the distillation cost reduction that the refinery currently has a very high profit. If the refining value can be pulled down, it should reduce the impact on consumers to a greater extent. Read more news on diesel hike 1 baht, the price touched 35 "Korn" per liter, hijacking the state to speed up the problem of refining costs, affecting the Prime Minister's high oil Clarification on reducing oil refining costs, there is a law to support - request for cooperation of refineries 
MPC raises price of 15kg cylinder of cooking gas to 378 baht|The MPC resolved to increase the price of cooking gas for another 3 months at the rate of 1 baht/kg. As a result, in July, the price of cooking gas hit 378 baht per 15 kg cylinder. September is 408 baht today (June 15, 2022). The Energy Policy Management Committee (MPC) has resolved to increase the price of LPG for 3 months. Jul-Sep 2022: 1 baht per kilogram As a result, LPG prices last month. July was increased to 378 baht per 15-kilogram drum in July. In August, it was increased to 393 baht per cylinder and in September it was increased to 408 baht per cylinder from the current price of cooking gas at 363 baht to reduce the burden on the subsidized fuel fund. Currently, LPG accounts are negative at 36,515 million baht. Negative Baht 54,515 millionMr. Kulis Sombatsiri Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Energy He said that despite the LPG price hike, there is still support to mitigate the impact. Currently, the actual cost of LPG is 460 baht per 15-kilogram drum. The . Gradual increase in cooking gas prices This reduction in subsidies resulted in a monthly inflow of 200 million baht into the fund and also approved the extension of the LPG discount assistance program for low-income people through the State Welfare Card. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Energy said that if energy prices rise further, they must leave the price as it really is, but choose to take care of specific groups. He will attend the Cabinet meeting on June 21. In addition, the Company also approved measures to reduce the proportion of biodiesel blending from B7 to B5 until September 30, 2022 and asked for cooperation with oil customers to achieve marketing value in the diesel segment not exceeding 1 baht 40 satang per liter. The distillation reduction section will be concluded soon.
Academics point to "good opportunities" for Thai businessmen in Myanmar Whoever returns first has the advantage!|Scholars indicate the situation in Yangon is beginning to unravel. Thai businessmen are starting to reclaim market share. It's a good time because of products from Europe, Japan, Korea and Singapore. It has not yet been sold in Myanmar. Prof. Piti Srisaengnam, director of the Center for ASEAN Studies, Chulalongkorn University, said that Thai businessmen are now starting to return to Yangon. Despite the internal situation, bunkers and barbed wire fences have been installed periodically, along with a curfew from 00:00 to 04:00, resulting in the closure of streets and shops from 21:00 onwards. As a result, Thai consumer goods in Myanmar disappeared. The Thai product area has been replaced by local Myanmar products. Many situations are beginning to unravel, but goods from Europe, Japan, Korea and Singapore are still in danger. It is a good opportunity for Thai investors to return to reclaim their market share. Importing Thai Products In addition to helping Myanmar people to have a good quality of life. It also improves the economy with data from the Office of International Trade Promotion in Yangon. Given that before the Covid crisis and the Myanmar political crisis, There are 1,500 businessmen and Thais working in Yangon, but now about 400 remain, resulting in a 20 percent loss of Thailand's share, said the director of the Center for ASEAN Studies, Chulalongkorn University, on the Mae Sot-Myawadi border trade. Banned 5 types of goods sold at the border: soft drinks Energy drinks Sweet condensed milk Condensed milk and betel nut are the main products that Thailand exports if they want to send these products. Instead, it will need to be replaced with imports via Yangon Port, but it may cost even more. Currently, there is a shortage of containers and freight costs are increasing. Read more news "ShopeePay - ShopeeFood" lays off more than half of Thailand's employees Transport Federation to increase freight costs by 4% if diesel exceeds 35 baht per liter    
5.15 million tickets! "Digital Lottery" for July 1 sold out|Positive response to "Digital Lottery" for the period of July 1, 5.15 million tickets Sold Out Meanwhile, small vendors are worried about the remaining lotteries. Propose the state to increase the number of prizes instead of adding lotteries today (June 19, 2022). Mr. Lawarn Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department as Chairman of the Government Lottery Committee Revealed that the sale of tickets through the Pao Tang app or digital lotteries. As of July 1, 2022, the second installment of 5,151,500 copies has now been sold out, with 987,786 buyers selling out of the second round of digital tickets in 2 days, 1 hour and 30 minutes, from the first installment sold out within 4 days. It added that ticket sales were sold out more quickly than expected. The response was good because the ticket was actually purchased for 80 baht and the ticket purchased had the information recorded to show the rights in the lottery. And when the prize is won, it will be notified through the Pao Tang app, coupled with a convenient, easy, hassle-free process for the trend of increasing the number of tickets sold through that platform. The Government Lottery Committee will consider at its meeting on June 23 the feedback in various aspects of the past two installments in order to ensure that the number of tickets that will increase is appropriate, in accordance with market demand, and maintains a balance between traditional and digital traders. In Nakhon Ratchasima municipality, Nakhon Ratchasima province said its stall had 500 tickets, but after starting to sell 80 baht digital tickets, sales fell and the last installment left 50 tickets. It is believed that lottery dealers in front of the panel will be even more affected. Therefore, it is proposed that the state solve the problem by increasing the number of prizes instead of increasing the number of lotteries. Read other news, who's right? Digital Lottery The lottery opens on June 16, many shops are full. Lottery Collectors warn against buying "digital lotteries" from others to risk winning money 
Lottery for June 16 Many shops are full of stalls. People flock to buy online.|A survey of government lottery stalls after the June 16 lottery draw found that many lottery shops were left full despite the sale price reduction. After people flocked to buy 80-baht tickets online through the Pao Tang app, reporters reported that June 16 was the first installment of the government lottery. After selling "digital lotteries" through the Pao Tang app at a price of 80 baht per ticket, it was found that the stalls were full of tickets left, even though they were sold at a discount of less than 80 baht. Other vendors found that the latter had discounted a set of 2 tickets for 180 baht, 5 sets of 180 baht, and 5 sets of tickets. These sets are usually sold for 700-800 baht, and some lottery ticket dealers at the flea market after the Ministry of Finance said people have been buying digital tickets since the beginning of the month. Even though the numbers aren't pretty, they're sold. In the middle of the month, there was not enough money left to buy tickets. Also, it rained early in the morning, making it impossible to sell. Meanwhile, lottery dealers at the largest distribution area in Phichit Municipality. Although it is close to the draw period, there are still full of tickets left. Until the vendors have to ask gamblers to help them buy. Some traders believe that this is mainly due to economic conditions. People need to save. As for selling digital tickets through the Pao Tang app, it may affect some, but not much. The atmosphere of the lottery stall in front of Tangjitnusorn Market Some vendors reflect that this round has more tickets left than usual, some stalls have more than 200 tickets, partly because of the sale of digital lotteries because people turn to buy tickets online, so there are not many customers. Meanwhile, on the evening of June 16, it was found that many digital lottery ticket holders had experienced an app crash and could not use it to check the prize at around 4.00 p.m. because of the crowd despite the groans from small traders. Director and Spokesperson of the Government Lottery Committee Indicates that the problem of the lottery ticket is not sold. The Lottery Office will continue to launch a digital lottery sales system for the 1 July 2022 draw period of 5 million tickets, which will start on June 17, the first day for the "Digital Lottery" project. Not only are tickets sold for 80 baht, but the price of all 100 million tickets must be managed fairly and balanced in the system so that the problem can be solved sustainably. Read More News Lottery Division warns against buying "digital lotteries" from others Risk of losing prize money after knocking down the price of "LPG" 15kg cylinder to reach 378 baht Good news! The Commission resolved to freeze 46 regulated goods for another year.  
Bitcoin falls to 18-month low|Most recently, it fell below $20,000, hitting an 18-month low on June 19, 2022. Foreign news agency reported that the price of bitcoin It fell to a low of $17,593, the lowest price in 18 months, before rising to $18,556. down about 60 percent. November last year, when bitcoin It hit its highest price record, surpassing $68,000. Compared to now, it has lost more than 72 percent of its value, just like other cryptocurrencies that have fallen to record highs. There is no trend of when the price will rise.
"Saksiam-Khasomok" Jangdrama changed "Bus Line Number" People are confused.  |"Saksiam" Yankhasomok has no problem in serving the people. Drama knots change bus line numbers confuse the public Acceptance, need to accelerate publicity. Meanwhile, the change in the number of bus lines starting from 2019 was determined according to the zone of Bangkok, such as Zone No. 1, Bangkok on the north side, such as 101. This causes people to have difficulty traveling. Thai Bus Fan Club page Rotmaethai posted about using the "bus" service. Shared buses are as follows: Long waiting buses, leaky roof buses, pity the people. Real bus users, Prime Minister, help the people in the near future. The BMC and private ride-sharing services will enter the route reform project according to the Department of Land Transport policy, which will include old routes and new routes as well, but the Thai Bus Fan Club page team and members who actually use the service are very confused with the new line number. Tok-Tha Tien Road changed to Route 3-35 Yes, Line 1 in the reform project stretched the route to Rama 3, but Line 1 has previously been running. You don't even have to turn on the air conditioner. Or it is a welfare state accessible to people at all levels. Shared ticketing system, wheels, rails, boats are not old buses. Old Path The old driver, the new line number attached to the side of the car and thought that the math formula number 4-21(120-8), in addition, the page also gave an example of changing the bus line number, such as people on the Rama 2 side used to use the 193 service during the opening of the new line until the familiar eye. Suddenly became the 720 line, I first saw that the bus line in Bangkok, our house had to run the jump number to 720Read more news Less cars! BMC clears the knot waiting for the bus for a long time - the bus does not stop running Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Transport Minister said the case for changing the number of new bus lines The objective is to reform routes and change bus line numbers. Because in the past, there was overlapping running that caused traffic problems. PM 2.5 dust and cost mattersReporters reported that the Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) Facebook page "BMTA with Plus" posted a clarification on the issue of changing bus line numbers of the Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) as follows: For changing bus line numbers has been a concept since 2019. All new route numbers will be used. Divided by area in Bangkok, this includes the renumbering of all new bus lines to be in line with the reform of 269 new bus routes. To reduce public confusion in memorizing bus routes, bus numbers with English colors and letters will not be used. Because most people do not agree with such mattersRead related news Which buses wait 30 minutes to 1 hour?
Energy Permanent Secretary expects 1-2 weeks to conclude oil refinery profit break|The Ministry of Energy set up a working group to find a solution to collect refinery profits into the oil fund. The Cabinet considered the meeting The Cabinet today (June 21) will only propose the extension of mitigation measures for another three months today (June 21, 2022). Mr. Kulis Sombatsiri The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Energy said that the Ministry of Energy will propose the meeting. The Cabinet considers extending measures to help those affected by oil prices for another 3 months until the end of the month. The Ministry of Finance's cost-of-living reduction measures will be further implemented, but conditions will be updated to be more targeted to the refinery industry. to the fuel fund for 3 months with a credit limit of not less than 21,000 million baht. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Energy said that although the Ministry of Energy has the power to reduce refining Oil Fund Act Measures 14 (4) and Measure 27 (1), but there may be gaps in litigation problems because it affects shareholders and may be contrary to other laws, such as the Stock Exchange of Thailand Act, reported from the Stock Exchange of Thailand. Over the past week, oil and refinery share prices fell by an average of 13.3 percent, amounting to a loss of more than 76.8 billion baht, so the Ministry of Energy has set up a working group to find legal conclusions and the amount of gross profit to be remitted to the fund, which must be accepted by the six refinery businesses. It is expected to be concluded within 1-2 weeks, during which time the Ministry of Energy will propose to use the central budget to subsidize the Oil Fund to alleviate the debt burden that is about to be negative up to 100 billion baht in January. Read more news "Korn" proposes to control refining and fuel reduction costs by 4 baht per liter Commerce Permanent Secretary counters "oil refining costs" as a matter of "Energy Minister" with specific laws governing 
Book now! Cabinet extends Phase 4 travel together by 1.5 million rights until October |Cabinet of Ministers Approve the We Travel Together project. Phase 4 expands another 1.5 million rights Valid until October. After the limit, it is still about 5,500 million baht. Transparency and transparency are ensured. Today (21 June 2022) Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the Council of State approved the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT). Change the key details of the We Travel Together project. Phase 4 expands the number of additional E-rights by 1.5 million rights to a total of 3.5 million rights and extends the end of the project period. From May to October by the Tourism Authority of Thailand Operate transparently and accountably, including accelerating public relations to the public. Focus on promoting tourism in secondary tourism provinces. To help stimulate and generate income from domestic tourism, the Cabinet passed a resolution on January 24, 2022 approving the We Travel Together project with a credit limit of 9 billion baht. TAT Information as of 30 May 2022 Total spending through the project was Baht 9,346.60 million. The government contributed approximately Baht 3,496.03 million. The public spent 5,850 million baht, keeping the project limit at 5,500 million baht. Details of the project as before, such as 40% discount on hotel rates per room per night but not exceeding 3,000 baht per room per night, limited to 10 rooms or 10 nights per person throughout the campaign. Discount on food and attraction entrance fee up to 600 baht per room, with 60% paid by the public and 40% paid by the government through the coupon deduction.  
Tomorrow, a group of GrabBike Win riders gather to demand a delay in the closure order.|Tomorrow (23 Jun 22) GrabBike Win Riders Group GrabBike Win is one of the app's shuttle services, which charges fares based on distance. Passengers will know the fare before using the service. The driver will have both a vehicle with a yellow license plate, which is a driver of a public transport vehicle, and a white plate, which is a private vehicle. Thailand GrabBike drivers have been informed that they will adjust the service model due to the Department of Land Transport requiring them to bring motorcycles. Passengers who are white-labeled will be removed from the system within 30 days from June 16 onwards and will operate until July 15 and must have a public driver's license and be registered as a public motorcycle. Roaming is prohibited and the fare will be the same as the motorcycle as specified by the Department of Land Transport. GrabBike Win drivers revealed that there are currently a large number of GrabBike Win riders who have issued orders that affect service providers who may lose their jobs and admitted that upgrading to yellow license plates is a hassle. The company said it was willing to comply with the Department of Land Transport's order but was concerned that the order would affect GrabBike (Win) drivers and passengers who use the service due to the lack of relief measures. (23 Jun 22) A group of GrabBike Win riders gathered at CentralWorld before going to the House of Commons and the Ministry of Transport to submit a letter calling for legislation to support motorcycle taxi professions through the application and asking them to delay the closure of GrabBike. "Grab White Label" is available until July 15. Only yellow labels are allowed.   
Invite to plant "precious wood" used as collateral for loan The latest loan has been 137 million baht.|The Prime Minister invited the planting of precious trees to increase green space and can be used as loan guarantees. latest 1.46 lakh trees were taken as collateral. 137 million baht loans issued today (26 June 2022) MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha prime minister Following up on the progress of the policy to plant precious trees to increase green space and can be used as collateral for loans from financial institutions, the Department of Business Development, Ministry of Commerce reported that it has continued to educate leaders and executives of community enterprises. To create awareness about valuable perennials such as teak, dugong, maca, golden takien, krishna, luangpreedee, kalpapruek, tiger nymph, champisirinthorn, etc., take advantage of the business collateral law, which is now attracting more and more farmers and the public. 318 trees with a guarantee amount of over 3 million baht filed with Krung Thai Bank, 23,000 trees with a guarantee amount of 128 million baht and filed with Pico Finance. Number of trees 1.2 lakh The guarantee amount of 6 million baht includes trees used as collateral such as teak, tamarind, ebony, and wild yo. Mango, red wood Yang Pradu Pa Pradu Ba Mahaad Payom Teng Tabak Na Tamarind Taku Pruek Durian Khanun Miss Ratchada said that the Prime Minister gives importance to encouraging farmers and people to plant valuable perennials because in addition to increasing the country's green space. Growers also use it as collateral to obtain a loan. Make access to loans clearly supported by law. It also has a positive impact on financial institutions that can lend more. Now there are more and more people who grow precious trees on their own land. After realizing that it can be used as collateral for loans to expand business or use in daily life. There is no need to cut down trees. For more information, please contact Business Collateral Registration Division Department of Business Development, Ministry of Commerce Tel. 0 2547 4944 Read more news Tao "UrboyTJ" underwent treatment for depression "Liverpool" Statement of disapproval of red card resale - no special meal with players   
The DEA notifies airlines around the world. Adjustment of entry measures to Thailand starting July 1|The EGAT issued a notification informing airlines to comply with the new entry measures. Starting July 1 Thailand Pass registration has been cancelled, but wearing a face mask is still recommended while traveling. The Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand (CAAT) has issued a Pilot Notice (NOTAM) informing airlines around the world of the latest measures for air travel into Thailand. Effective from July 1 onwards, to create understanding and ensure that airlines comply with the measures correctly. Passengers are also advised to wear a face mask while traveling inside the aircraft as it is an enclosed space. 
Bank signals end of era of long-term "fixed" home interest|Signs of a policy rate hike in the month August caused some residents to rush their decision to buy housing in order to lock in the original loan terms. Meanwhile, financial institutions Prepare a plan to cancel fixed interest loan products.  Today (28 June 2022) Real Estate Information Center Government Housing Bank assesses the behavior of those who are planning to buy new housing and will accelerate the decision to enter into a loan agreement with the same conditions. Ahead of the August Monetary Policy Committee meeting, where the market expects the MPC to raise the policy rate to 0.75 percent per annum, the managing director of Government Housing Bank said the Bank will raise the deposit rate as soon as the MPC raises the policy rate, but will freeze the interest rate on loans until next month. As a result, banks had to reduce loan products with fixed interest rates to manage finance costs. Existing borrowers and low-income borrowers in the "Million Homes" project may pay longer mortgages because of the installments paid. Write-off of interest payments in line with Mr. Anuwat Luengtaweekul Chief Personal Banking Officer, TMB Thanachart Bank, said that the Bank has now adjusted its mortgage products to charge floating interest if: MPC raises interest rate by 0.25% per annum It may affect the mortgage payment. 2,000 - 3,000 baht per annum for the mortgage product reduction guidelines of most commercial banks will be gradually reduced from a fixed interest rate for the first 3 years to a fixed interest rate for 6-12 months, depending on speed and strength. On the policy rate hike, Mr. Sakkapop Panyanukul, Senior Director, Macroeconomic Department Bank of Thailand Acknowledged that commercial banks It has begun to adjust to the economic recovery and the direction of the policy interest rate. The Bank of Thailand will monitor the transmission of monetary policy to the market as well as the effective implementation of mitigation measures against vulnerable groups. 
"Saksiam" waiting for clarity After "Chatchat" The cost of the sky train is not more than 59 baht.|Minister of Transport, let's wait and see for clarity. After the Governor of Bangkok knocked the maximum fare of the Green Line not exceeding 59 baht and insisted that the past has never hindered If it operates legally today (June 28, 2022) Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Transport Minister mentioned the case of Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan Bangkok Governor prepares to collect Green Line fares Extension of "Mochit-Saphan Mai-Ku Khot" and "Bearing-Samut Prakan" Aim for short-term storage The fare throughout the line does not exceed 59 baht that the issue must be considered from the beginning of Mr. Saksiam. Although the matter is not a matter of the Ministry of Transport, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Transport has invited the Permanent Secretary of Bangkok to discuss with each other, but there is no conclusion because the documents that the Ministry has requested so far have not been received, especially the contract, and that it should be open to public opinion in case of discussion with the Governor. Bangkok to bring the problem to an end as soon as possible. Mr. Saksiam said the problem was a matter for regular civil servants to solve, but the policy had already been handed over and had never been hindered. If it operates legally while there is a claim that there is a part of the debt that SRM transferred to Bangkok. Mr. Saksiam Specify which debts are correct and which are incorrect in order to determine how to proceed. If the private sector is found guilty, they will have to prosecute the offender, which the SRM belongs to the state that already has procedures in place and is confident that Mr. Chatchart will be able to solve the problem because he is a competent person and has held the position. Minister of Transport first. 
Transport Commission gives green light to raise ticket fare by 5 Sat/km "Bus-Bus Sharing Corporation"|The Central Land Transport Control Council approved a fare increase of 5 satang per km for buses in categories 2-3, while the BMA fixed the price for another 3 months today (June 28, 2022). Mr. Sorapong Paitoonpong Deputy Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Transport As Chairman of the Central Land Transport Control Board He revealed after today's meeting that the meeting had considered the impact of rising fuel prices compared to bus fares and found that the current fare reflects the fuel price at 27 baht per litre. Meanwhile, diesel prices have risen to 35 baht per litre. The meeting approved the increase in bus fares in the category of Category 2 (Bangkok-upcountry) and Category 3 (province-province and district-district) shall increase the fare at the rate of 5 satang per kilometer. The rate has already been increased to the equity. This will be effective from July 4. The BMA also ordered the fare freeze for another 3 months to mitigate the impact on the people. President of Thai Bus Association He said he was initially aware of the resolution. We are now preparing to issue a notice to private transport operators and bus sharing companies. In the event that the operator wishes to reduce the running trip by 80% on July 1 because it cannot bear the cost. All companies are requested to cancel the plan and operators are requested to operate as usual. This corresponds to the number of passengers using the service, especially in the month. In addition, the operator is asked to check the condition of the car to be ready before use. Especially if the bus is not used for a long time, stationary or stopped, maintenance must be done before being put into service to ensure the safety of passengers. Read more news! Joint Bus Resolution 26 The company will reduce trips by 80% starting July 1. Department of Transport extends GrabBike Win service for another 60 days 
Exam. Opposition "Chatchat" The electric train fare is 59 baht, offering no more than 44 baht.|The Council of Consumer Organizations has opposed the Bangkok 59-baht electric train fare as aggravated by consumers. Confirmed, while still in the concession agreement. Consumers should pay a maximum price of 44 baht and ask them to consider 25 baht throughout the line. Upon expiry of the concession contract from the case of Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan The Governor of Bangkok stated that the Green Line fare will be in line with the proposal of Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI) to collect the fare throughout the line not exceeding 59 baht for the extension of Section 2, Bearing-Kheha Samutprakarn and Ladprao-Kukot intersection today (June 28, 2022). Miss Saree Ongsomwang Secretary-General of the Federation of Consumer Organizations Revealed that the previous Mr. Chatchart has a clear position. On the non-renewal of concessions and fare collection for the extension of the Ladprao-Kukot intersection. Mr. Chatchart said. The maximum fare ceiling is 59 baht, which the Federation of Consumer Organizations disagrees with because consumers have to bear the burden of paying about 118 baht per day for the electric train, if there is a minimum wage of 331 baht, almost 36% of the money must be spent only on the electric train. He also proposed to the Cabinet that the Green Line is currently in a concession contract. Consumers should pay a maximum fare of 44 baht, which is the same as or similar to other BTS lines where the maximum fare is 42-44 baht. The Ministry of Transport has stated that if the concession contract is renewed, the fare should be 49 baht 83 satang Therefore, if the concession contract is not renewed, the price should be lower than 49 baht due to the current energy crisis. People using private cars may be decreasing. If Bangkok has a policy to support the connecting skytrains, it will encourage more people to use public transportation. The Department of Rail Transport, which had previously made a fare figure of 49 baht 83 satang issued a veto to Bangkok's 59 baht price, confirming that the fare proposed by the Organization Council that the maximum price along the line would not exceed 25 baht when renewing the concession contract could actually be done because the cost of operation was around 19 baht and Bangkok would still have revenue of 23,200 million baht. Indicate that the meeting will be held in another month to consider the renewal of the concession. Ms. Saree stated that during the concession contract has not yet been renewed, she requested that the BTS contract be exercised with a maximum price of 44 baht including the extension until 2029, the year the concession expires, and that the price of 25 baht can actually be achieved. After the concession expires or the contract expires, the authority should return to Bangkok and find a company to manage the bus operation, but separate the contract into 2 contracts, namely the bus operation contract and the commercial contract, to reduce the latest public fares. sajjad a The Council of Consumer Organizations will discuss the issue tomorrow, June 29, 2022 at 10.00 a.m. at Rama Gardens Hotel. Vibhavadi  
Czech! JUL22 What's the price increase?  |Today, many products have increased their prices, including cooking gas, rice bags. soda Passenger boats also increased today (July 1, 2022). There are many items including energy. Service fee increases because they cannot bear the cost, such as shared bus fares, LPG, Alcoholic Beverages, Soft Drinks, Klong Sen Saeb Passenger Boat Starting from the price of LPG or LPG that has risen in price by a step. Today, an additional 1 baht per kilogram will be increased by 15 baht per 15-kilogram drum to 378 baht from 363 baht per 15-kilogram drum and will be gradually increased by 1 baht per kilogram. In a month In August, it was 398 baht and in September it was 408 baht per 15-kilogram bucket. Like the canal boat fee. From today onwards, the bus will be increased by 1 baht per kilometer, from 10-20 baht according to the distance to 11-21 baht according to the distance, while the bus sharing company will increase the fare by 5 satang per kilometer, which will be adjusted on July 4. Confirm that the price is not increased but only the promotional activities or promotions of certain operators. Therefore, the price of one bag of jasmine rice 5 kilograms will increase by 30 baht from 165 baht to 195 baht. An additional 10 baht will be increased from 80-90 baht to 90-100 baht. For example, soft drinks such as Pepsi, Coke and AJ Big Cola have increased the price by 1-2 baht per bottle of seasonings. For example, seasoning sauce, fish sauce increased by 2 baht per bottle, yogurt by 2 baht per cup, soap and candy. Chicken dipping sauce, MSG and many other items have also increased, including one beer brand, which has increased wholesale retail prices by up to 1 baht per bottle. 
AIS invests 32 billion baht to acquire "3BB" and invest in JASIF|AIS invested 32,420 million baht. Purchased 99.87% shares of "3BB" and purchased investment units in Broadband Internet Infrastructure Fund Jasmine Today (4 Jul 2022) Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited Notification to the Director and Manager of the Stock Exchange of Thailand About the acquisition of shares in Triple T. Broadband Public Company Limited and purchase investment units in Broadband Internet Infrastructure Fund The details that Advanced Info Service Public Company Limited We would like to inform you that the Board of Directors' Meeting held on July 3, 2022 approved Advanced Wireless Network Co., Ltd. Company Limited (AWN), a subsidiary in which the Company holds 99.99% shares, and/or persons designated by AWN (collectively referred to as the Purchaser) 1.Acquisition of shares in Triple T Bordband Public Company Limited (TTTBB) 7,529,242,385 shares or 99.87% of total issued shares of TTTBB from Acument Company Limited (ACU), a subsidiary of Jasmine International Public Company Limited (JAS), including the acquisition of two subsidiaries of TTTBB, Triple T Internet Company Limited and In Cloud Company Limited, and the acquisition of Three BB Company Limited on pre-requisite conditions. totaling Baht 19,500 million.2.Acquisition of investment units in the Internet Boardband Infrastructure Fund JASIF from JAS totaled 1,520,000,000 units, equivalent to 19.00% of the total investment units of JASUF, at the price of Baht 8.5 per unit, totaling Baht 12,920 million.  
Covid poisoning! 10 Phuket hotels for sale - 1,696 prosecutions |Small Hotel Operator in Phuket Urges Bahrain to urgently enact new laws to accommodate inns Some of them had to sell their businesses. Found 10 places for sale Meanwhile, 1,696 properties were found to have been enforced, 11 of which were seized today (July 5, 2022). Thai PBS conducted a survey that found that the impact of the COVID-19 situation As a result, more than 10 small hotels have been put up for sale by asset management companies of financial institutions, especially in Patong, Kathu. Phuket Mr. Manosit graduated The acting president of the Phuket Boutique Accommodation Association said small hotels are not participating in government programs, including the Travel Together scheme and the 1% low-interest loan, which all have revenue to collect, not hawker stalls. Everyone has to pay taxes, but now the taxes don't fall to us because they don't have a license. He said that in the past, he tried to do everything possible to earn money to support his business, but it was quite difficult because we rely mainly on tourists. When the government issues a policy to help, but when it does not submit documents, it cannot be done. Stuck in the terms of having to be a licensed hotel. As a result, they owed both principal and interest to the financial institution that owned the loan until they had to allow the lawsuit to be enforced. Because of legal conditions, it is not possible to access government assistance or additional loans. Although tourism is getting better, the data checked by the Enforcement Department in the Phuket area includes land and buildings. A total of 1,696 properties have been prosecuted, according to the Phuket Boutique Accommodation Association. Of the 200 inns in the area, 11 have been seized, and the rest are pending.    
Freeze diesel prices 35 baht/liter Mitigating public impacts |FF on. Agreed to maintain the retail price of diesel at 35 baht per liter to alleviate the impact of people's living costs, as well as the BMA, which continued to freeze fares at the same rate for 3 months today (July 5, 2022). Mr. Wisak Wattanajit Director, Office of the Fuel Fund Revealed that the meeting of the hon. Weekly review of the retail price of diesel resolved to maintain the price of diesel at 34.94 baht per liter to help ease the burden of the people. Even fuel prices in the world market. Volatility remained high as demand continued to recover from the United States and the easing of Chinese measures, which allowed economic activity in Shanghai and Beijing to rebound and OPEC increased oil production even more. Cabinet on June 21 Issue new measures to reduce the cost of living In terms of diesel prices, there are measures to subsidize diesel prices. The selling price is above 35 baht per liter for 3 months, i.e. from July to September, while the projection of the fuel fund position is currently negative 107,601 million baht. President of Thai Bus Association Revealed that today is the first day that private transport operators and car-sharing companies Transport Co., Ltd. Category 2 (Bangkok-upcountry) and Category 3 (province-upcountry) and Category 3 (provincial-provincial and Amphur) bus fares have been hiked at the rate of 5 satang per kilometer according to the resolution of the Central Land Transport Control Board to help entrepreneurs from the continued impact of high diesel fuel. While the Mr. Sanlak Panwattanalikit Chief Executive Officer of the Board of Directors It is stated that the There has been no fare hike, still freezing fares at the same rate for 3 months. This will help reduce the burden of living costs and provide alternative transportation options for the people. 3 months ago Diesel prices continue to rise. B.C. The fare must be increased by 5 satang per kilometer. However, if the price of diesel decreases, the BMA will consider the situation of fuel prices and propose to the Ministry of Transport whether there will be a policy to freeze fares further to alleviate the suffering of service users.  
Cabinet gives green light to budget 309 million baht Pressure palm oil exports|Cabinet approves 309 million baht Implement a project to drive palm oil exports to reduce surplus output in 2022, the export period will be until September 2022. Today (5 Jul 2022) Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office announced the Cabinet's resolution approving the implementation of the palm oil export push project to reduce surplus output in 2022 under the condition that the domestic crude palm oil stock level exceeds 300,000 tons and the domestic crude palm oil price exceeds the global market price. The Company approved a total credit line of Baht 309 million. To reduce the surplus palm oil in the country to a balanced level and raise the price of palm oil sold by farmers. Stabilize domestic oil and palm oil prices for the palm oil export push project to reduce surplus output in 2022 Support crude palm oil (CPO) export management fee with target volume of 150,000 tons Export period within the month Sep2022 Participants must be legal entities with the objective of conducting business as producers. users, traders, collectors or exporters of palm oil or palm oil products; It will support management costs for exports at the rate of 2 baht per kilogram, such as transportation costs, storage fees, quality improvement fees, documentation and other fees, etc. Export period from the Cabinet's approval to the month September 2022 and the project period from the Cabinet's approval until the month. In December 2022, the total credit limit was 309 million baht. The management fee for crude palm oil exports to exporters is 300 million baht. and project implementation expenses in government agencies of 9 million baht. The condition is only when the stock level Domestic crude palm oil exceeds 300,000 tonnes and domestic crude palm oil prices are higher than world market prices, a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said. This is in line with the demand for palm oil due to the decline in domestic energy outlook. As a result of the measures to reduce the proportion of biodiesel used in diesel fuel, as well as the domestic crude palm oil stock level of 300,000 tons, equivalent to 1.5 times the monthly domestic demand, it is considered a safety stock level, ensuring that it will not result in domestic shortages, but will help prevent and alleviate the situation of palm oil and palm oil oversupply. Reduce market volatility if farmers refuse to buy palm oil, as well as incentivize entrepreneurs to drain excess produce out of the country. 
PTT-Bangchak lowers price of gasoline 3 baht/liter Effective tomorrow|PTT-Bangchak lowered the retail price of gasoline by 3 baht/liter, with E20 selling at 40.44 baht/liter, Gasohol 91 selling at 41.28 baht/liter, and Gasohol 95 selling at 41.55 baht/liter. Effective tomorrow (8 Jul) at 05:00 today (7 July 2022) PTT has announced a price adjustment for gasoline by 3.00 baht per liter and gasohol E85 by 1.80 baht per liter. The selling price is 35.34 baht per litre. Diesel prices remained the same. Effective on 8 July 2022 from 05.00 onwards, as well as Bangchak announces retail fuel prices. Hi-Premium Diesel S B7 unchanged at 49.36 baht per liter, Hi-Diesel S B7 unchanged at 34.94 baht per liter, Hi-Diesel S unchanged at 34.94 baht per liter, Hi-Diesel B20 S unchanged at 34.94 baht per liter, and Gasohol E85 S EVO reduced at 1.80 baht per liter. The sale price is 35.34 baht per liter, Gasohol E20 S EVO is reduced by 3 baht per liter. The sale price is 40.44 baht per liter, Gasohol 91 S EVO is reduced by 3 baht per liter. The price is 41.28 baht per liter, Gasohol 95 S EVO is reduced by 3 baht per liter. The selling price is 41.55 baht per litre. Effective Date 8 Jul 2022 5:00 a.m. 
People queue for gas. After gasoline, the price is reduced by 3 baht/liter.|Today (8 Jul 22) People are gradually coming to fill up with gas. After the price of gasoline decreased by 3 baht per liter. This morning (July 8, 2022) Gasoline car users are gradually queuing up to fill up the gasoline group. After the announcement of a reduction in retail prices. 3 baht, effective from 05.00 a.m. He revealed that he was glad that the price had been lowered, which is considered a reduction of 3 baht, which is considered a lot during this period because he usually fills up gas at least 3 days once because he has to use the car to go out of the province. The reduction is believed to reduce expenses somewhat while people use sedans and motorcycles that rely on gasoline. Even though the price of petrol has already dropped, it is still considered more expensive than before because previously filling up a full tank of fuel did not exceed 100 baht, but this time it is around 140 baht. The atmosphere in the gas stations is very quiet, almost no gasoline cars come to fill up because they know that there will be a price reduction, so they come to wait for refill in the morning, but believe that people will gradually come to fill up all day for the price of gasoline group today has decreased all kinds. Gasohol E85 decreased by 1 baht 80 satang to 35 baht per liter and 34 satang per liter, while gasohol E20/91 and 95 as well as gasoline 95 decreased by 3 baht per liter. U.S. crude oil fell more than $10 a barrel, the biggest drop since March, as fears of a global economic recession and lockdowns spurred demand as China is the world's largest crude importer.
Win a chance to renew the "diesel tax reduction" measure after affecting revenue collection |Excise Department assesses measures to reduce diesel tax Reconcile revenue collection below target Meanwhile, the Finance Minister asked for time to consider whether to renew the measure today (July 9, 2022). Reporters reported that although the Ministry of Energy gradually reduced the subsidy on diesel and cooking gas prices to reduce the burden on the fuel fund and the Ministry of Clutch reduced the excise tax on diesel, the latest round of the 5-baht excise tax reduction had to be imported to subsidize the entire oil fund, but the oil fund was still negative by more than 100 billion baht. The Ministry of Energy is in the process of negotiating to share the excess profits from the refinery and gas separation plants industries because the fund cannot borrow from financial institutions to enhance liquidity. Add pittaya paisit The Finance Minister has not yet decided to renew the diesel tax reduction measure for the third time because he must consider the impact of revenue collection if the government decides to renew the measure, which will affect the monthly revenue collection of about 10 billion baht. In the past, more than 27,000 million baht in revenue has been lost. Excise Department spokesman Natakorn Utensut said that the prolonged implementation of diesel tax reduction measures would affect the fiscal position. Read More NewsBoard NEC gives green light to PTT to procure 1 million tonnes of LNG per year for people queuing for refueling After gasoline, the price is reduced by 3 baht/liter. 
Urgent! Transport delays bidding for new Orange Line July 27  |Ministry of Transport There are guidelines to delay the acceptance of the tender envelope for the Orange Line Bangkhunnon-Minburi (Suvitwong), the new auction round on July 27, to discuss with the prosecutor about the verdict today (July 11, 2022). Reporters reported that the Central Administrative Court has delivered its verdict in a case brought by Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited (BTSC). Prosecution of Section 36 Commission and Mass Transit Authority of Thailand (MRT) for canceling the auction of the Bangkhunnon-Minburi Orange Line (Suvitwong) for the first time On July 7, the latest news report from the Ministry of Transport stated that the solution to this problem. The management of the Ministry of Transport has an idea to solve this problem. Initially, it was agreed that the RMT would delay the schedule for receiving the tender envelope. The second round of bidding, which was originally scheduled, was scheduled to receive envelopes from private buyers on July 27. The envelope will be opened on Aug. 1. News reports indicate that the Ministry of Transport The idea is to resolve the issue as soon as possible by using the "set zero" method or by canceling both tenders to start a new tender process on the basis that all parties deem that the draft notification inviting tenders is fair to all parties. Not causing any group of investors to accuse the company of locking specs, reporters reported that today a board meeting was held. SRM has Mr. Sarawut Songsivilai The Director-General of the Department of Highways, as Chairman of the Board, presided over the meeting. It is expected that the policy guidelines of the Ministry of Transport will also be discussed at the Board meeting. The guidelines will be discussed at the Section 36 Committee meeting. Read related news Administrative Court decides to overturn bid for Orange Line Unlawful, the court decided the case to overturn the auction of the "Orange Line" 7 In July, SRT expects to open the auction envelope for the Orange Line. This October
Close the legend! Bus No. 8 did not meet the bidding standards.|Hot Bus No. 8 route Happy Land - Saphan Phut After this, the service will no longer be available because the operator of Bus Line 8 had to stop operating due to the bus reform plan of the BMC, which Bus Line 8 did not qualify today (July 13, 2022). For users of hot bus route 8 Happy Land - Saphan Phut After this, the service will no longer be available because the bus operator Line 8 has to stop operating due to the bus reform plan of the BMC, which Bus Line 8 does not qualify on the concession route. 77 routes As a result, it was not possible to continue the business earlier. Bus No. 8 has shared bus services from 3 companies, namely Sap 888 Co., Ltd., Thai Bus Transport Co., Ltd., and Group 39 Co., Ltd., and there is also an air-conditioned bus route running from Romklao Community Housing to Phuttha Bridge. Minister of Transport Bus 8 is one of 77 routes in the Transport Authority's bus reform plan. After this, the route of the old Line 8 will be changed to Line 2-38, with Thai Smile Bus Co., Ltd. being the selected person and receiving a license to operate for 7 years. This August, while waiting for the new operator to manage the operation, confirmed that the private car operator shared the service. The BMC will continue to organize the operation to facilitate ease of travel and relief for the people.  
"7.1 million digital tickets" will be released on August 1.|The Lottery Office prepares to launch the sale of "Digital Lottery" on August 1, 2022 7.1 million tickets will be issued through the Pao Tang app on July 17, with the public reminded to buy digital tickets only through the Pao Tang app. Today (16 Jul 2022) Mr. Lawarn Deep light Chairman of the Government Lottery Committee Revealed that the Lottery Office is ready to launch digital lottery tickets. The 4th installment through the Pao Tang application from 06.00 a.m. on July 17, 2022 onwards, will increase the number of tickets sold to 7,167,500, up from 5.1 million baht. To comply with the demand of the lottery ticket buyers. After the previous installment, it sold out earlier than expected in less than 2 days. To consider increasing the number of digital tickets in the future. The Lottery Committee has carefully considered the feedback in all dimensions, both buyers and sellers, and will gradually add 1-2 million tickets. In order to give lottery dealers time to adapt and be able to plan the distribution of tickets correctly. More importantly, it is important to maintain a balance between traditional and digital merchants to coexist. As for the case noted that digital lotteries sell out quickly because there are capitalists winch to buy and resell to make a profit. Mr. Laworan said that from following up on the data, It was found that the volume of digital ticket purchases is still moving normally, with 5,000,000 tickets being bought by about 900,000 buyers, with an average of 5-6 tickets only bought by one person. Importantly, in a social media investigation, there were no large vendors selling digital tickets. Only retail posts for sale. The police have already arrested and prosecuted the case. Lt. Col. Buon Sansanakhom The director of the Government Lottery Office said that people are strongly urged to avoid buying digital tickets from others. Because in the digital lottery distribution system, the name of the buyer is clearly recorded. Therefore, the lottery ticket is the property of the buyer who owns the Pao Tang application account only. Therefore, when the prize is won, the prize money will be credited to the buyer's account. The right to change hands cannot be transferred to another person, or in case of picking up the lottery tickets at the office, the buyer's name must be used to verify the identity of the lottery. If anyone is fooled into buying digital tickets that are being re-advertised. If the prize is won, problems may arise. 
This morning, Mo Chit 2 is bustling, people return to Bangkok after a long weekend.|Mo Chit atmosphere 2 early morning People from the Northeast and North Continued return to Bangkok After the long weekend, the BMC and BMC organized a bus to distribute passengers into the city today (July 18, 2022). Travel atmosphere at the arrival area Bangkok Bus Terminal (Chatuchak) or Mo Chit 2 this morning.  People are gradually entering Bangkok continuously. Most of them travel from the north and northeast by bus, For people who chose to return today due to a one-day long stop, some brought back boxes of rice and souvenirs from their homes. To help save household expenses and as a souvenir for relatives part of the facilitation. B.C. Cooperated with the Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) to bring buses to run to pick up and drop off passengers. From the platform area to various routes such as Bang Sue Central Station, Chatuchak BTS Station, Khlong San, Victory Monument, Bang Phli and Rama 2, etc. Read related news People use the train service to return to Bangkok. After the long weekend, more than 300,000 people are expected to travel and 200 extra cars will be busy. 
Commerce reiterates that it has not approved the price increase of "instant noodles"|The Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade has not yet raised the price of "instant noodles". It comes after a brand manufacturer reportedly signaled an increase in the price of 1 baht per sachet on July 18, 2022. Mr. Wattanasak Sueiam The Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade spoke about the news from the President of the Thai Wholesale-Retail Association. Stating that the price of instant noodles under the brand "Mama" will increase the selling price from 6 baht per sachet to 7 baht or 1 baht effective from August 1, the director-general of the Department of Internal Trade reiterated that the price increase is not allowed regardless of the brand of instant noodles. At this time, the Department has not received any official notice of price adjustment from the manufacturer or supplier. Manufacturers and distributors have applied for an increase in the retail price of instant noodles. The price is currently being considered by calculating costs fairly for both producers and consumers to achieve balance, but no producers have been allowed to raise prices at the same time. The Department acknowledges and understands the actual rise in the cost of goods, both raw material and fuel prices. It directly affects shipping costs. However, the permission to adjust the price of goods must consider the cost on a case-by-case basis, in line with the actual cost and not affect consumers. At the same time, entrepreneurs, whether manufacturers or distributors, must be able to continue their business operations and products must not be in short supply. Read more news! Price of palm oil bottle reduced by 3-4 baht Big "instant noodles" adjust strategy after the brakes on the price increase starting period August 1 Lottery Division "Type the set number over the period date" solve the lottery tip 
BTSC clears knot to open "BTS Green Line" contract to unlock 40 billion baht debt|BTSC clarifies all issues. "BTS Green Line" contract not opened, pointing to trade secret The company confirmed losses every year, but did not charge for service fees, and negotiated with all parties to find a solution to the 40 billion baht debt repayment problem as soon as today (July 19, 2022). Mr. Surapong Laohaanya Chief Executive Officer Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited or BTSC clarified the case of the Green Line project that BTSC has strictly complied with the terms and conditions of the contract with Bangkok Thanakhom Co., Ltd., KT and Bangkok. BTSC has now had to bear the cost burden for more than 5 years since April 2017. The total amount of more than 40,000 million baht due to unpaid payment from the operation and maintenance of the Green Line. Extension 1 (On Nut - Bearing and Saphan Taksin - Bang Wa) and Extension 2 (Bearing - Samut Prakan and Mo Chit - Saphan Mai - Khu Khot) and electrical and mechanical installation. Mr. Surapong said that since its opening in 1999 to the present, BTSC has raised fares only 3 times and is lower than the fare ceiling approved by Bangkok to ease the fare burden for the public by opening the first phase of 23 stations with a distance of 23.5 km in 1999 with a fare rate of 10-40 baht, but the maximum fare ceiling set by Bangkok is 15-45 baht. The public does not need to change trains, which all parties in the working group at that time deem appropriate to hire for such a period. For example, the hiring will end in 2029 with concessions on the main route. Extension 1 was signed for a period of 30 years from 2012–2042 and Extension 2 gave the same reason because it wanted to facilitate people to use the Skytrain on the same route continuously. 25 years from 2017 to 2042 for both extension contracts to expire at the same time. During the opening of Extension 2, no fares were charged to passengers and KT did not pay operating wages, resulting in increased debt. Confirm ready to negotiate with all parties. To find a solution to all problems. If it is on the condition of correctness and on the basis of fairness and keeping the promise to each other. As a subsidiary of BTS Group Holdings Public Company Limited, which is listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand and has more than 101,700 shareholders who are public investors, as well as many creditors who have provided loans to BTSC to operate its business, BTSC has always adhered to good governance in its business operations. For the sake of protection. and prevent damage from the use of information of both public and private parties without the prior consent of the other party by this confidentiality clause. The objective is to prevent transparency and corruption audits because the confidentiality clauses already provide exceptions to the disclosure of information in contracts as required by law or by order of government agencies. Since 2012, BTSC has acknowledged that independent organizations such as the NACC and relevant government agencies have exercised their legal powers to conduct audits and have gone to the bus service agreement. KT acknowledged that it has handed over information to Bangkok as BTSC's major shareholder. In order not to damage it. If such sensitive information needs to be disclosed, the same information should be opened in the contracts of all projects to ensure fair competition. Mr. Surapong said that the proposal to extend the concession for another 30 years was not a proposal made by BTSC in any way, but was the result of negotiations with the committee set up to resolve various problems of Bangkok. It has therefore been granted that the contract will be amended to resolve such issues. It only needs to repay the outstanding debt of more than 40,000 million baht. BTSC has been suing the Administrative Court for some time, but it is still pending the court's decision, which has been informed by KT that it wants to have a settlement to repay the debt without waiting for the court's judgment as soon as possible. 
PWA launches check status of debt collection application "COVID Insurance Claim"|PWA informs debt collection applicants to claim COVID-19 insurance 4 non-life insurance companies whose licenses have been revoked Check the status of your application via website and QR CODE today (20 July 2022) Non-Life Insurance Fund (PWA) Issue a notice to those who have applied for debt repayment from the Fund. In case the non-life insurance company has its license revoked, i.e. Asia Insurance 1950, Plc. The One Insurance, Plc. Thai Insurance and Plc. You can find the application status information at https://rps-sev.gif.or.th/ or scan the QR CODE (picture below) and fill in the information as before. Many people have filed debt collection for COVID-19 insurance claims, which the PWA requires to submit online until July 15, 2022. For more information, please call 02-791-1444 ext. 26-30 on Monday-Friday from 08.30-16.30 hrs. Read related news Queue full Debt collection for COVID insurance claims, giving out new walk-in cards April 29 Can't claim queue card Refrain from submitting debt collection documents from "Southeast-Thai Insurance"  
Victims suspend cyber police complaint against "Zipmex" |Victims of Zipmex's suspension of investment platforms filed a complaint with the Police Division. Investigate technology crimes to demand remedy and return of assets. The damage is expected to be at least 300 million baht today (April 25, 2022). The Police Bureau of Technology Crime Investigation (POT) and some investors went to the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand to present preliminary evidence and complain against the management and Zipmex after the company. Zipmex Global announced the suspension of the transaction, citing severe liquidity shortages from the reinvestment of digital assets in Zipmex Global in Singapore. It has a policy to invest with digital asset financial service providers. Babel and Celsius declared bankruptcy, but the company continues to invite investors to "Zip Up", a deposit-like product. In the form of depositing with digital assets to receive higher interest returns than conventional deposits, which is different from investing in general digital asset trading, as well as suspending transactions on both the withdrawal side of financial products and the investment side. The initial damage value is not less than Baht 300 million. Victim Representative According to the SEC, investors understand the risks from investing in digital assets and reduce the risk by investing with a Thai trading platform company that has been certified by the SEC. Because it is contrary to the conditions and scope of protection under the Digital Assets Act of Thailand, and demands to return assets and remedy damages incurred while the Securities and Exchange Commission Prepare an information form to receive complaints from affected persons. Following the suspension of Zipmex's transaction system on the SEC's website, Zipmex has ordered Zipmex to provide adequate and efficient customer contact and complaint handling services. It must take into account the latest investor benefit coverage. A representative from Zipmex has already arrived at the Cyber Police Division and is in the process of clarifying the progress of solving the company's liquidity problems.
"Kobsak" Thailand faces 2-year crisis, MPC raises interest rate by 0.75%|"Kobsak" The MPC is expected to raise interest rates by 0.75% this year, pushing Thailand's policy rate to 1.25% this year after the Fed continued raising interest rates. Identify Thai tourism clear signs of recovery Looking at falling crude oil prices to ease inflationary pressures today (July 23, 2022) Mr. Kobsak Poontrakul Bangkok Bank Executive Vice President and Company Secretary said on the topic "Economic Turbulence 2022: How to Deal with Multiple Crises" during the Senior Economic Correspondents' Capacity Development Program 2022 training that although the COVID-19 situation has eased, the global and Thai economies still face risks in many areas as the Federal Reserve's aggressive interest rate hikes to fight inflation have forced many central banks to raise interest rates faster, raising the risk of recession in the U.S. and other countries, as well as the risk of a crisis in emerging market countries and the problems of the Chinese economy showing signs of slowing down. In the coming years, especially the export sector, which will slow down from the previous 20% expansion in 2021, Mr. Kobsak said.  The Thai economy is currently benefiting from the recovery of the tourism sector, with the number of tourists expected to increase during the rest of this year until the beginning of 2023, with about 1 million foreign tourists entering Thailand per month. The Bank of Thailand (BOT) is expected to raise interest rates by 0.25 percentage points three times this year by raising the policy rate to help tackle inflation and slow down the decline in international reserves from USD 260 billion to USD 215 billion, or about 45 billion baht in the previous period. It is expected that this trend will occur this year, and then we will have to look at other factors both domestically and internationally. However, it is expected that the rate hike will continue for some time. Global crude oil prices are likely to drop from their previous highs of $130-$140. crude oil imports from Russia have now increased to the range of $90-100 per barrel as some countries now import crude oil from Russia, as well as concerns of a recession and a slowdown in China's economy that has caused oil prices to fall. The decline in oil prices also has a positive effect on lower inflation levels and makes it easier for the Fed and central banks around the world to fight inflation for the rest of this year. Mr. Kobsak said that during the period of double crisis, this crisis will last about 2 years and there are 4 periods of crisis facing and fighting the economic crisis: the first is when the stock market and risk assets have a sharp correction, and the second is when the Fed raises interest rates to fight inflation. Phase 3 is the period of economic recession and crisis in many emerging economies, and the fourth period is the last period of economic crisis is when the Fed and central banks of various countries issue new stimulus measures. The government can support investment in many areas to create new opportunities for the country, such as the automobile and electric motorcycle industries. Renewable Energy Industry Modern logistics systems The agricultural and food sector of the future, the fertilizer industry to replace imports, etc., in terms of the public or individual investors, must follow the news and assess the situation in each crisis. If it can be assessed correctly, it is possible to save some cash to wait for a new round of investment. Investing in the post-crisis period is considered a good time investment with bright opportunities in the future. 
SEC orders "Zipmex" Buy, sell, deposit and withdraw digital assets |committee The SEC exercises its powers under Section 35 of the Digital Assets Act. There's an order to "Zipmex." Open trades according to Trading rules, customers can deposit and withdraw by considering accepting new customers appropriately.  The Company is required to complete the process within 3 days today (July 26, 2022). Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) According to the report, Zipmex Co., Ltd. (Zipmex) has not yet opened the trading of digital assets in accordance with the rules. Conditions and methods for trading digital assets (Trading rules) of the Company as approved by the Board of Directors. In addition, the SEC has not allowed customers to deposit/withdraw all digital assets in the Trade Wallet, which may cause damage to the public. SEC Meeting No. 9/2022 held on July 25, 2022 By virtue of Section 35 paragraph one of the Digital Asset Business Decree B.E. 2561 (2018), the Company has resolved to order the Company to open for trading in accordance with the rules. Trading rules of the Company approved by the Board of Directors The SEC also allows customers to deposit/withdraw digital assets. In order to increase the protection of customers' assets and for the benefit of using the Client's services in trading or depositing/withdrawing digital assets in the meantime, the Company shall consider accepting new clients appropriately and adequately by taking into account the nature, size, quantity, complexity and diversity of businesses and services, as well as risks associated with such businesses and services. There is a notice of the order of the Board of Directors. Related NewsSEC Orders "Zipmex" to Announce Clues to Suspend Delisting of Digital Assets, Victims Suspend Transactions to File Complaints, Cyber Police Claim "Zipmex"  
THAI launches Bangkok-Jeddah route to Saudi Arabia in 32 years|THAI launches new Bangkok-Jeddah route Saudi Arabia Initially, it will operate 4 flights per week and will start operating on 19 August today (26 July 2022). Mr. Suwattana Sibunruang Acting Chief Executive Officer Thai Airways International Public Company Limited The reopening of the new route to Jeddah, marking the resumption of commercial flights to Saudi Arabia in 32 years, is an important opportunity to support and promote economic, trade, and tourism relations between the two countries, which will begin its first flight on Aug. 19, operating four flights a week on Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday. THAI will not be a burden on the government in the future in case of distrust discussion and it is stated that there is a government agency as a debtor of THAI. Mr. Suwattana It stated that government agencies are both creditors and receivables of THAI. According to the responsibility, the government agencies must recover as much debt as possible, which cannot be released, and is currently in the plan of rehabilitation. Business operations must be cautious. Have clear results and goals Read More News, Good News! Cabinet taps "Half Phase 5" 800 baht per person dtac-True urges NBTC to consider SEC merger conditions, orders "Zipmex" Buy, sell, deposit and withdraw digital assets  
SEC seeks criminal charges against "Zipmex" Call for an executive urgently.|Victims of Zip-Up Company Investment The protest was scheduled to take place on August 1 while the SEC Secretary-General joined forces with the police. Consider the criminal offense and order the executive to meet urgently today (July 29, 2022). Securities and Exchange Commission Facebook Live Clarification of Zipmex's problems for the first time by Miss Ruenwadee Suwanmongkol Secretary General of the SEC Admittedly, the SEC is not aware that Zipmex Investors seek returns in a third company or Zip-Up and just learned about the problem on the day the company announced the suspension of the digital asset trading business. Therefore, the authority of the authorities issued a letter to the company to clarify the issuance of "Zip-Up" products since July 25, but so far has not been clarified, so the management will be summoned to meet soon. The SEC has collaborated with the Department of Special Investigation, the Economic Crime Suppression Division, and the Cyber Police to consider criminal penalties, which are powers other than the Digital Assets Act. Show sincerity to investors Meanwhile, The SEC will monitor the company to repay investors' assets as planned while in the SEC's live broadcast. Many people who have been damaged by investing in Zip-up products have expressed their dissatisfaction with the SEC's resolution and are preparing to hold a meeting at the SEC next Monday (Aug 1). Related NewsVictims suspend transactions to file cyber police complaint "Zipmex" SEC orders "Zipmex" Buy, sell, deposit and withdraw digital assets 
BOT warns of "fake slip epidemic" 2 ways to check balance into account|Bank of Thailand Share a post warning "fake slip spreading hard" and suggest 2 ways to check your account balance to compare with slip Prevent scammers from social media forwarding posts by Facebook user Sornphet Wutthikornchaisakul, who has issued a warning to fraudsters. He said he found the post that there is a fake slip program that can change the date, time, referral code, account name, account number and amount, so he wanted to warn merchants, merchants and customers who do business online. Facebook Bank of Thailand - Bank of Thailand reshared the post with a warning message "Fake slip spreads hard". In addition, we have recommended 2 ways to check the funds into your account. Here's how: 1. Use the bank's notification service, which notifies you when the balance is credited to your account. The amount can be compared with the slip.2. Scan QR CODE on E-Slip to check sender's name Amount, date and time of transfer If the balance does not match or cannot be verified. Suspect it's a fake slip. Read more news  Pilgrimage van crashes into Khon Kaen road, kills 8 Brazil-Spain Deaths found linked to monkeypox  
"Bewitched" confirms half the limit of phase 5, 800 per person is appropriate.|The Office of the Auditor General of Thailand recommends the Ministry of Finance to increase the efficiency of the "Half a Person" Phase 5 project after finding that the project has a large remaining budget. It deprives the state of its opportunities. Meanwhile, the Ministry of Finance reiterated that the spending limit of 800 baht per person is appropriate today (2 August 2022). Finance Minister prepares to propose to the Cabinet Consider extending the credit limit in the Credit Guarantee Program to 140,000 million baht. To support entrepreneurial recovery SMEs, along with measures to reduce people's living costs through the fifth phase of the "Half a Person" project, with a limit of 800 baht per person throughout the 2-month project period are considered appropriate. The government is also providing energy assistance, which is the root cause of the cost-of-living problem, according to Prajak Boonyang, the Governor of the Auditor General of Thailand. Revealed that the Office of the Auditor General of Thailand Report on the audit results of the implementation of "Half by Half" Project Phase 1-4, which cost more than 213,000 million baht. It was found that the number of eligible users was below the target at 26 million. Of the approved frameworks, 29 million people As a result, the remaining budget is more than 23,000 million baht. There are also problems with the use of funds that do not meet the conditions for both users and merchants, but the audit process takes too long, so the Ministry of Finance recommends that the Ministry of Finance review the target number of participants in the project in accordance with the actual conditions and closely monitor the use of funds. Without waiting for the end of the project, such as the return of the credit limit of those who do not exercise their rights for the first time within the stipulated time. The Ministry of Finance will launch a new registration system and confirm the eligibility of existing participants from August 19, which will be valid between September 1 and 31. The first expenditure must be made by September 14, otherwise they will be disqualified. Read more news, good news! Cabinet taps "half of phase 5" 800 baht per person to check how to get the right to "half of each person" phase 5  
"Administrative Court" refuses to hold emergency hearing to suspend digital lottery ticket sales|The Central Administrative Court refused to hold an emergency hearing, but accepted an indictment in the case of a group of small lottery ticket dealers who filed a lawsuit against the Government Lottery Office for selling digital tickets online, pointing out the impact on small traders who are disabled people. Seniors from representatives of the Free Lottery Dealers Club of Thailand and the Network of Disabled Lottery Dealers moved to oppose the sale of government lottery tickets through online or digital lottery tickets, affecting sales. It has been a continuous claim before filing a lawsuit against the Government Lottery Office. Executive Committee and Director of the Government Lottery Office to the Administrative Court The Central Administrative Court allegedly illegally sold the lottery tickets online and issued measures to expand the lottery ticket trade at more than 2,000 points nationwide, causing small traders, mostly people with disabilities, disadvantaged and the elderly, to suffer damages. An emergency hearing will be ordered, but the lawsuit and the request for interim injunctive relief will be considered. In the case of the petition to temporarily suspend the sale of tickets through the online system until there are measures to distribute the tickets fairly and without discrimination and solve the problem of overpriced tickets concretely. Read related news, best sellers! The first half of the digital lottery sold out more than 5 million copies, free traders reclaim the lottery quota. Pointing out people with disabilities and the elderly do not have access to the app.
Also buy it! The August 16 digital lottery has 6.8 thousand left.|The August 16 digital lottery has 68,000 copies left. Meanwhile, the lottery office is satisfied with a longer sales period. Reduce pressure on overpriced lottery tickets It is expected to sell out today (Aug. 5) today (Aug. 5, 2022). Reporters reported that the sale of digital lotteries The award will be issued on 16 Aug 2022. As of 12 p.m., 68,403 of the 9,092,500 remaining copies reported by the Government Lottery Office were available. The Lottery Commission may review the digital ticket distribution framework that approves a maximum sales ceiling of 20 million tickets. It has reduced the amount of digital lottery tickets added to the system. The next installment on September 1, 2022 is approximately 10 million to 10.5 million copies, which is reduced from 2 million to 1 million to 1.5 million copies. To manage the distribution of digital tickets, it takes about 7-9 days to sell according to the target. Currently, digital lotteries usually sell out within 3 days. Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department As the chairman of the Government Lottery Committee, he said that the Lottery Office is satisfied with the timing of this round of digital ticket sales. After being able to extend the sales period by 4 days and expecting to sell out of digital tickets by today, the Lottery Office will also add a pink "disabled person" symbol to symbolize the digital lottery shop for the disabled. For lottery ticket buyers who want to support disabled traders and accelerate the development of distribution gimmicks, such as reducing the sale price of digital tickets below 80 baht on the day of the draw which has a sale period until 2.00 p.m. only. Read More Best Selling News! Digital lottery tickets sold out in the first half of more than 5 million copies starting August 1 Lottery Division "printed the set number over the date period" to solve the lottery ticket "Administrative Court" refused to accept an emergency inquiry to suspend the sale of digital tickets 
MOL signals 5-8% minimum wage hike in 2023|Ministry of Labor signals knock up minimum wage last month The wage committee (tripartite) is preparing to raise the figure by 5-8% to set a target for 2023. The Labour Minister revealed that the wage committee (tripartite) will be able to consider wage rates in a month. The figures from 77 provinces were finalized last month. Last July Initially, the minimum wage will be raised by 5-8% according to the principle of universal adjustment based on inflation. The target, to come into effect on January 1, 2023, may be considered to come into effect by the end of this year as employees are impacted by the significantly higher cost of living. As a result, the income is not enough to meet the expenses. The Labour Minister also mentioned that if the group of workers asked for the minimum wage to be raised to 492 baht the same across the country, that it may not be the same figure as the number proposed and would not be the same across the country because each area has a different context. Or reduce the size but sell the original price, such as toothpaste, which is considered an indirect price increase, causing people to bear more burden and suffer. Deputy Director-General, Department of Internal Trade In the past, product manufacturers informed the Department of Internal Trade to request new product launches and set new sales prices continuously, but before the Department of Internal Trade allowed it. The cost structure must be carefully considered, as well as whether the proposed sales price corresponds to the cost. If a new product is released and the selling price corresponds to the actual cost, it will be allowed to sell at the quoted price. It is advisable to sell it at a reasonable price. 
Construction of Rama 2 will be suspended from August 8-12. Security Scan|Director-General of the Department of Highways The most urgent letter was issued to stop the construction of the M82 motorway on Rama 2 Road from August 8-12 for a total of 5 days to inspect the standard of work. After frequent incidents, the Instruct contractors to scan safety standards. Today (9 Aug 2022) sarawut songsivilai The Director-General of the Department of Highways said that he has now written to departments within the Department of Highways The inspection of highway no. 35 (Rama 2 Road) from August 8-12 for a total of 5 days, if the work cannot be completed within the deadline, report to the supervisor in the line for an extension of time for inspection on a case-by-case basis. To prevent accidents and create safety for life and property of people who use the road, as there are many accidents on Rama 2 Road. Currently, there are construction projects under the responsibility of the TAT. On Rama 2 Road is the construction of Expressway No. 82 or M82 elevated highway Bangkhuntien-Ban Phaeo with a distance of 24.7 kilometers (km.). A total of 14 contracts have been executed on that route. He confirmed that it would not affect the plans of the project and also sent an urgent letter to the Governor of the Expressway Authority of Thailand (ETA). Request for cooperation in the construction operation in the area of Rama 2 Road due to several accidents This route is a high-traffic route and is the main route of transportation down to the south. The contractor whose project is under the responsibility of the EGAT is the construction of the Rama 3-Daokanong-Outer Ring Road in western Bangkok. A total distance of 18.7 km for 5 contracts, including inspection of work details and safety standards in construction.  
Effective immediately! The MPC raised the policy rate by 0.25% to 0.75% per annum.|The Monetary Policy Committee voted 6 to 1 to raise the policy rate by 0.25 percentage points from 0.50 percent to 0.75 percent with immediate effect. Mr. Piti Dityatat, Secretary, Monetary Policy Committee (MPC), announced the results of the MPC meeting. The Thai economy is expected to recover more clearly. It is expected to return to pre-COVID-19 levels by the end of this year and will continue to expand in the next phase while headline inflation remains elevated for some time. The Committee assessed that ultra-accommodative monetary policy in response to the recent COVID-19 crisis was less necessary. The majority of directors agreed to raise the policy rate by 0.25 percentage points. 1 voted to raise the policy rate by 0.50 percentage points per annum to reduce the risk that future rate hikes may have to be accelerated, assessing that it would not significantly affect the economic recovery, while the Thai economy is likely to continue recovering and is clearly supported by a larger-than-expected increase in the number of foreign tourists following the relaxation of international travel policies and lower travel concerns. Private consumption is expected to continue to recover. Labor market and household income improved. All in all. Although the global economy is at risk of slowing down, the impact on the Thai economy is expected to be limited. However, risks to Thailand's economic recovery in the near term from rising costs and living costs remain monitored, with headline inflation expected to remain high in 2022, close to the previous estimate. It is expected to remain high for some time. Before gradually decreasing to the target range in 2023 as supply-side inflationary pressures gradually ease. Meanwhile, medium-term inflation expectations have not risen much in recent times. Inflation in the near term also carries a high risk of cost transmission to core inflation, which may be large and faster than expected. The Committee will closely monitor developments in inflation and cost transmission, as well as inflation expectations, and the overall financial system is stable. Commercial banks have strong capital and reserve levels, as well as high levels of liquidity in the financial system, but liquidity distribution still varies somewhat from sector to sector. Debt servicing capacity of businesses and households improved in line with the economic recovery. But some groups are still vulnerable, especially entrepreneurs. SMEs' overall financial conditions remained accommodative but highly volatile. S.R.O. Weakened by the strengthening of the dollar. This was mainly due to concerns over risk assets amid the global economic slowdown and the direction of the US Federal Reserve's monetary policy. The Committee agreed to closely monitor developments and volatility in financial and foreign exchange markets within the framework of monetary policy aimed at maintaining price stability. In tandem with ensuring sustainable economic growth and full potential, and maintaining financial stability. The Committee assessed that the Thai economy would continue to expand. As a result, ultra-accommodative monetary policy needs to be reduced and the policy rate hike is seen to return to a level suitable for long-term stable economic growth. This should be done gradually, in line with the economic context and inflation going forward. 
Prime Minister orders investigation of FOREX-3D share facts, warns investors must have information|"Prime Minister" Order fact-check, share FOREX-3D, beware of being deceived, worry about investors, consider all aspects before making any type of investment decision. Actors and actresses, advertisers and service reviews. Increased vigilance Don't just see high wages, you may be a participant in the progress of the FOREX-3D case with damages worth more than 2,000 million baht and many people have been deceived. Last week, prosecutors filed charges against 19 people, including those involved in the business, including Ms. Savika Chaidej or Pinky. The actor was charged with an offence under the Computer Crime Act and defrauding the public in case of solicitation of Forex-3D investment today (22 August 2022). Miss TRISULI TRISORNANAKUL Deputy spokesman of the Prime Minister's Office said Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister are concerned about people seeking investment channels and there have been cases of scams, especially through online channels, such as online sharing cases where money is tricked into investing in various assets with the pretense of high returns. Investments are managed by a team of experts. Share scams have been around for a long time but have changed their form and are now available online to reach many people. This makes the Prime Minister prone to greater damage. People who are looking for investment should consider the risks from investing thoroughly, understand the nature of risks, and seek information and consider thoroughly before making a decision. Ms. Traisuli said that recipients of advertisements or product reviews, whether they are well-known celebrities or the general public, are asked to consider the products and services they hire to see if they have the potential to cause damage or affect society. Don't just look at high wages. Otherwise, they may become co-perpetrators of the fraudulent movement. For the case of FOREX-3D case with damage value and a lot of people are deceived. Actors get involved. The Prime Minister urged an investigation to find out the facts. Take legal action so as not to set an incorrect precedent. The public is urged to study all aspects of information before making an investment decision in any form or channel. Don't be easily fooled by advertisements, especially investments that claim high returns. Invest in legitimate financial institutions or companies. Have a credible track record so you don't fall victim to scams. Read related newsProsecutor advises DSI to issue summons to "DJ Man-Pandan" Forex-3D case, "Pinky-Mae" to prison Forex-3D sharing case  
MPC knocks down new electricity bills - 3-month extension of LPG discount|The MPC resolved to extend the discount on the purchase of cooking gas for low-income people for another 3 months and provide a monthly discount on electricity bills. Sep-Dec 2022Today (22 Aug 2022) Reporters reported that the meeting of the Energy Policy Management Committee (MPC) chaired by Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechow, Deputy Prime Minister and Energy Minister. Consider extending the period of measures to mitigate the impact on LPG prices. The extension of the discount on gas purchases to low-income people through the State Welfare Card at 100 baht per person per 3 months, originally scheduled to end on September 30, will continue for another 3 months, starting around the middle of the month. In addition, the government also considered guidelines to help with electricity bills by approving guidelines to help residential electricity users who use no more than 300 units of electricity per month, giving a discount on electricity bills of 92.04 satang per unit for 4 months. For those who consume between 301-500 units of electricity per month, a stepped discount at the rate of 15-75% in monthly installments. This covers approximately 80% of electricity users nationwide or 89% of residential electricity users. Read more news: Ft fee hike in September-December Electricity bill pushes to 4.72 baht per unit "Assorted eggs" raises the price to 3.60 baht per egg! Half day half phase 5 new cases 2.3 lakh rights 
Finance Minister confirms investment projects are binding without affecting political knots|The suspension of the Prime Minister's duties may raise questions about whether it will affect investor confidence and public investment. Minister of Finance Confirming any existing investment projects will continue today (24 Aug 2022). Correspondents reported that there were concerns that the political situation would hurt investor confidence. Does it extend to the economic recovery? Mr. Akhom Toppittayapaisit The Finance Minister said any investment projects that already have commitments will continue according to the policy. Director and Manager, The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) Thailand's economic development and investment continued to grow. No matter what form of politics it is. If you look back 20-30 years, you can see that it has evolved over time. In the business sector Thai listed companies grow both domestically and internationally in line with the investment climate in the stock market today. (Aug 24) Negative by just 2.02 points amid trading of more than 80 billion bahtRead More News Constitutional Court Accepts 8-Year Prayuth's Petition to Stop Full Duty Suspension! Constitutional Court accepts "8 years of Prayuth" petition 
"Instant noodles" price increase impacts menu costs|A survey of instant noodles sold at convenience stores and branches of some department stores found that the selling price remained the same, but the popular taste of the product was less. Today (August 25, 2022) is the first day that the Department of Internal Trade has asked 3 instant noodle manufacturers from 3 brands, Mama, Wai Wai and Yum Yum, to adjust the selling price of not more than 1 baht per sachet. It was found that instant noodles are still sold at 6 baht per sachet as before, but popular brands of instant noodles are lacking in products, such as those sold in 6-baht sachets without only 9 baht per pack, said a student who consumes 3 packets of instant noodles per week. The price hike is considered impactful, but not much compared to other living costs. It was revealed that instant noodles had already raised their prices before. From the original pack of 10 sachets sold 53 baht. Adjusted to 58-59 baht, therefore, the selling price of 5 baht per menu was adjusted because other costs had also risen previously, such as: condiment According to a survey of yum shops that use instant noodles as raw materials, it was confirmed that wholesale shops have increased the price to 155 baht per carton, or an average of 5 baht 50 satang per pack, some shops sell 6 baht per sachet and each shop has a different price. As a result, the cost of yum shops has increased, while the porridge shop with pork lert in Songkhla Municipality, Songkhla province continues to sell Mama IX menu at a regular price of 35 baht with egg 40 baht because the price increase is only 1 baht for the market value of Thai instant noodles at 18 billion baht per year. According to data from the World Instant Noodels Association, the consumption rate of Thai people in 2021 exceeded 3.6 billion units and was one of the top 10 countries with high consumption of instant noodles. Read More News "Commercial" 3 brands of instant noodles allowed to increase the price of 1 baht per sachet The government knocked down the electricity bill for the new installment - extended the discount on cooking gas for 3 months. 
SEC fines "Mor Boon" 2.3 million for vaccine booster deal for THG stock |The SEC imposed civil sanctions on Dr. Boon Wanasin for disseminating misleading statements about THG's performance or other information in a manner that affects the price or decision to invest in THG shares, requiring the offender to pay 2,348,834 baht and banned from being an executive for 42 months today (August 26, 2022). Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) According to several media sources, THG will sign a contract for the purchase and import of Pfizer's mRNA COVID-19 vaccine, which will receive the first batch of 5 million doses within the month. In addition, the SEC received a suspicious notification from the Stock Exchange of Thailand that Dr. Boon may have made or disseminated a message that may cause misrepresentation in a material way that may affect the price or decision to invest in THG shares, which may violate Section 240 of the Securities and Exchange Act B.E. 2535. Until 4 August 2021 Dr. Boon, who is responsible for THG's business, has informed or disseminated a message to several media, both television and online media, that the public can receive news widely that THG will sign a purchase agreement to import the Pfizer mRNA COVID-19 vaccine and will receive the first 5 million doses by July 2021. Dr. Boon still confirmed the import of the vaccine by August 2021. However, he later admitted through the media that the vaccine could not be imported as previously reported, and that Dr. Boon's dissemination may cause the public and investors to have a material misunderstanding about THG's performance or any other information that is likely to affect the price or decision to invest in THG. Dr. Boon's actions constitute a violation of Section 240 of the Securities and Exchange Act, which is punishable under Section 296 paragraph 2 and Section 296/2 of the Securities Act. The SEC has applied civil sanctions to Dr. Boon, paying civil fines at the maximum rate prescribed by law of 2 million baht and reimbursing expenses due to the investigation of wrongdoing in the amount of 2,348,834 baht, and prohibiting him from being a director or executive in a securities issuing company or securities company for 42 months. If the offender does not consent. The SEC will request the prosecutor to take the case to the civil court to impose civil sanctions at the maximum rate provided by law, not lower than the rate specified by law. The Commission stipulates this. Civil fines and reimbursement of benefits received from offenses are national revenue remitted to the Ministry of Finance.  
Thai Labour Council Worries About Burnout |Secretary-General, National Economic and Social Development Council Expressing concern about the problem of Thai workers in the city facing burnout. Meanwhile, the overall labor situation after the COVID-19 crisis. Improved today (26 Aug 2022) Correspondents reported that raising the minimum wage could provide income incentives for workers. However, data from a global business software development company (SAP) surveyed more than 1,300 SMEs from eight countries in the Asia-Pacific region and Japan between 2021-2022 and found that 47 percent of Thai SMEs had increased employee resignation, a sign of the great resignation phenomenon in 2021, when more than 4 out of 10 employees worldwide experienced burnout. Secretary-General of the National Economic and Social Development Council said the problem was in line with Mahidol University's research. In 2019, before the COVID-19 crisis, workers in Bangkok were facing burnout, especially among state enterprise employees, followed by private company employees and civil servants, respectively, due to hard work, lack of proper support tools, and irresponsible supervisors. Not listening to problems that undermine work efficiency and affect the economy, employers are advised to adjust their working environment. The Council also reported an improvement in the labor situation in the second quarter of 2022, especially with a total of 39 million employed people. The 3.1% increase was the highest since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. This reflects the economic recovery, except for employment in the construction, hotel and restaurant sectors. It remained negative due to the uncertain economic situation and rising material prices. In addition, the impact of inflation and the rising cost of living must be monitored. This will affect the real income of workers, especially self-employed and low-skilled workers in the private sector, where the government is considering raising the minimum wage as well as measures to alleviate the cost of living. Phase 5 includes measures to reduce water and electricity bills for state welfare card holders that will be enforced soon. Read other newsWage board knocks up wages up to 354 baht "Chonburi-Rayong-Phuket" urgently book "We Travel Together Phase 4" Only 1.85 lakh "commercial" rights left. 3 brands of instant noodles are allowed to increase the price by 1 baht per sachet.  
Tourists start canceling bookings on "Doi Mon Jam"|Homestays in Doi Mon Jam Area Mae Rim, Chiang Mai More than 10 per cent of tourists have started cancelling their bookings at the end of the year due to concerns about their accommodation being demolished. After forest officials entered the area to prepare for the demolition of some homestays and resorts after finding them illegal today (September 4, 2022). Tourism atmosphere at Doi Mon Jam Although it is a holiday period, but there are some tourists. Locals believe the silence is the result of confrontations between villagers and government officials who will demolish their accommodations. At the beginning of last week, while homestay caregivers in the area More than 10 per cent of rooms booked in advance at the end of this year have been cancelled, citing fears that reserved rooms will be dismantled and unsafe for tourists, citing Mon Jam as a beautiful tourist destination. The weather is good, but if the accommodation is dismantled, it will affect the locals, so I want both government agencies and villagers to find a solution together. Lom Kao and Khao Kho districts in Phetchabun province are other areas where resorts and buildings have been demolished, leading to conflict in the area and work is still being resolved this weekend. There are tourists both locally and from upcountry. Gradually began to travel to see the sea of clouds, experience the cool air and see the natural beauty lively. President of Phetchabun Tourism Association Stated that during the peak season of Phetchabun province. This year, the tourism association wrote a letter to the governor requesting an extension of the period for arresting illegal resorts and restaurants due to the high season. Next February, read related news, Mon Jam residents prepare to walk into Bangkok to submit to the Supreme Court after officials prepare to dismantle the forest resort! Villagers demolish 5 resorts on "Doi Mon Jam", "Warawut" Yan dismantle Mon Jam resort Follow the law, but focus on understanding.  
"Pokin" presents "Sudarat", the Prime Minister's candidacy, "Thai Build Thai"|"Pokin" nominates "Sudarat" as the candidate for Prime Minister of the Thai Sang Thai Party We are determined to work for all Thais. Leadership today (9 September 2022) Mr. Pokin Polkul Chairman of the Board of Directors National Driving Strategy The Thai Sang Thai Party said that it congratulates Khun Sudarat Keyuraphan on the occasion of the Thai Sang Thai Party meeting to entrust her as party leader and ensure that Khun Sudarat will lead the party to join with all Thai people to successfully change the country in order to liberate and empower the people in all aspects. Especially the small ones, Mr. Pokin added that from working with Khun Sudarat, he saw the determination and sacrifice. Pursuing knowledge all the time. Kindness and friendliness with people Giving importance to people of all generations and ages, as well as a strong determination to come to work for the country and not for themselves. Because the country is in a state of great danger in every way, which will lead to a severe depression that is difficult to resolve. Mr. Pokin said, "I have seen Ms. Sudarat's intention to build the Thai Party to build Thailand into a political institution for the people. Putting ourselves as a pile and a bridge for all generations and ages. He is ready to be the vanguard of people who love the nation, love democracy and want to do for all Thais, especially the little ones, who are experiencing terrible adversity at this time. I will propose to the party executive committee to nominate Khun Sudarat as the prime minister candidate of the party and for all Thais."     
Cabinet gives green light to 2-month renewal to reduce diesel tax 5 baht/liter|The Cabinet approved the extension of the reduction of excise duty on diesel by 5 baht per liter for another 2 months. and fuel oil used to generate electricity for another 6 months today (September 13, 2022). Mr. Akhom Toppittayapaisit Minister of Finance The results of the Cabinet meeting were revealed on September 13, 2022. Agreed to extend the reduction of diesel excise duty rate by 5 baht per liter for another 2 months from September 21-20. November 2022 and approved the extension of the zero excise duty on diesel (B0) and fuel oil used in power generation according to the rules. The period of notification will be extended for another 6 months from 16 September 2022 to 15 March 2023. To help alleviate the suffering of people and businesses during the fuel price crisis. Global markets rallied. Mr. Ekaniti Nititanprapas The Excise Department's Director-General added that the Ministry of Finance has entrusted the Excise Department to take measures to help alleviate the suffering of people and entrepreneurs from the situation of fuel prices. As a result, affecting the cost of living and economic recovery, the Excise Department has continuously implemented tax measures to help alleviate the suffering of people and businesses since last month. For example, zero excise duty on diesel (B0) and fuel oil used in power generation will be imposed in accordance with the rules. Procedures and conditions specified by the Director-General Reduction of diesel excise tax rate by 5 baht per liter The measures will end in December 2020. September 2022 However, due to various fuel price situations. The global market continues to fluctuate and rise, coupled with a weaker baht affecting the cost of importing various fuels. As a result, the retail price of diesel in the country and the cost of electricity generation have risen, causing widespread impacts on people and businesses. Since diesel and electricity are the cost of production and transportation of all industrial sectors, the Excise Department proposes to reduce the tax rate on petrol and diesel products by 5 baht per liter and levy zero excise tax on diesel (B0) and fuel oil used in power generation according to the rules. Although this tax rate reduction will result in the loss of revenue by the Excise Department in the amount of nearly 20,000 million baht. 
NBTC Board of Directors Meets to Merger "True-dtac"|The merger deal between True and dtac is approaching its conclusion. Today's NBTC board meeting will consider the issue of business combination and bring the opinion of the Council of State. The suit chaired by Mr. Meechai Ruchuphan was considered today (14 September 2022). Mr. Trairat Viriyasirikul Acting Secretary-General of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) Revealed that the NBTC Presented information about the merger between True Corporation or (TRUE) and Total Access Co., Ltd. or (DTAC) to the Board of Directors. The NBTC at the end of last week, which was ordered by the committee to present additional dimensions in economics, legal, competitiveness, and is now on the agenda of the committee meeting. The NBTC today Whether the NBTC will consider the merger between TRUE and DTAC is up to the Board of Directors, who may request to study more information in the past. After the 5-member NBTC Board agreed that the report of the study on the merger between TRUE and DTAC was not complete and comprehensive enough, it would lead to measures to prevent monopoly or unfair competition in the Telecommunications Board. Therefore, the NBTC has resolved to request the NBTC to conduct an analysis with academic evidence and empirical data to support additional issues such as analyzing the structure of business combination/ analyzing potential impacts on business management. Market competition, analyze the benefits of economies of scale Guidelines for passing on such benefits to consumers, analyzing NewCo's wave holdings (new company name if merged) to gain advantages and affect competition in the market, and analyzing ways to reduce service rates to reduce the impact on consumers in the short term. Will all NBTC boards vote today? Mr. Trairat cannot overstep. Because everything is at the discretion of each person. As for the question of whether the decree's ruling will be binding on the board resolution, it is also up to the meeting to think. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The acting acting Prime Minister has exercised his authority to instruct the Office of the Prime Minister's Secretary General to inform the NBTC that Gen Prawit "agreed" with the NBTC office. The request is for the Council of State to give an opinion on legal issues regarding the authority of the NBTC to the TRUE and DTAC merger deals. Invite all consumers to show their power not to merge with True-dtac by signing up for the antitrust campaign. In the case of the merger between True and dtac at Change.org/TrueDtac, which currently has 21,421 registered participants. 
Court orders Toyota to pay 10,000 tax on Prius parts Million Baht |The Supreme Court of Taxation Division upheld the Court of Appeal's decision to allow Toyota to pay taxes and duties on imports of Prius vehicles amounting to 10 billion baht today (September 15, 2022). The judges read the Supreme Court verdict to the Central Tax Court between Toyota Motor Thailand Co., Ltd., the Customs Department and the Revenue Department, totaling 10 cases worth 10 billion baht. Importing auto parts for assembling Prius model between 2010 and 2012, the Supreme Court of Taxation Division found that the car parts imported by the plaintiff When assembled, it has the essence characteristics of the Toyota Prius and can be immediately assembled into the Toyota Prius, so it is not exempt from duty and reduces the duty rate according to the Jteppa Agreement. As well as not being entitled to duty exemption under the Tariff Act, the Supreme Court upheld the Court of Appeal's decision to charge 80% import duty. In a statement, it said it would like to study the details of the judgment and comply with the conditions set out. Despite the significant increase in tax and duty burden, the Company affirms that its business will operate in accordance with the law. 
Start today! Check the right to register for the State Welfare Card.|K.Treasury State Welfare Card Registration 2022 will start on 16 September 2022.  Today (16 Sep 2022) Ministry of Finance You can "check your enrollment status" manually via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th, but to check the eligibility of those who registered between September 5-8, 2022, the rest can check their eligibility next Friday by filling in the fields that appear. ID card number and date of birth if the registration status is complete Wait for the results of the qualification check again. In a month Those with incomplete registration status may be the result of incomplete information or incorrect information according to criteria such as the Department of Administrative Affairs database. It was found that the registered monk was under the age of 18.  Have a spouse  Incorrect spouse information, number of children, and child ID card number are incorrect, everyone can submit amendment of information at the registration point by November 3, 2022.
"BEM" wins bid for Orange Line, pushing stock price up immediately|"SRM." Auction results for the Orange Line with a credit limit of 140 billion baht BEM submitted the best offer BEM stock price rose by 5% today (September 16, 2022). News report from Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (SRT) The selection committee under Section 36 of the Public-Private Joint Investment Act 2562 for the Orange Line BTS Bang Khun Non-Min Buri (Suwinthawong) Project Opening the offer envelope No. 3, Investment Proposal and Return of Bangkok Expressway and Metro Public Company Limited (BEM) and ITD Group, the result appears that Bangkok Expressway and Metro Public Company Limited or BEM is the highest evaluated candidate and the Selection Committee will conduct an invitation. Those who pass such the highest assessment come to negotiate. As a result, BEM's share price today immediately rose 5% after analysts predicted the highest profit in 2023 as more electric passengers and winning bids for the Orange Line. Related News "Sak Siam" Yan bid for the Orange Line Not using the price to decide the winner, the Administrative Court scheduled a hearing on BTS suing for damages bidding for the Orange Line.
NBTC prepares to raise E20 as a gasoline base oil|The government has decided to extend the subsidy for ethanol and biodiesel for another two years as the NBTC prepares to push E20 as the base oil for gasoline. Today (21 Sep 2022) Reporters reported that some brands of petrol stations raised diesel prices. After the rise in the price of crude oil and finished diesel. Meanwhile, the Energy Ministry's policy also seeks to freeze the price of no more than 35 baht per liter by reducing the collection of fuel funds. In order not to aggravate the car user, Mr. Pornchai Jirakulpaisarn Director, Office of Policy and Strategy Office of the Fuel Fund (ONF) Revealed that there are plans to propose B7 as the base oil of the diesel group. As for the gasoline group, preparing to promote the use of E20 as a base oil, most gasoline users choose to add Gasohol 95 because the price is not much different from Gasohol 91 and E20. Therefore, it requires cooperation from oil dealers and uses the fuel fund to manage the retail price of E20 at least 3 baht per liter lower than Gasohol 95 and reduce support for Gasohol 91 and E85 in order to incentivize people to use E20 as the main resolution. Cabinet Date 20 Sep 2022 Approved by the resolution of the National Energy Policy Board. Extend the compensation payment period for biofuels, ethanol and biodiesel, for another 2 years from September 24, 2024 to September 24, 2024 to help farmers related to sugarcane, cassava and palm. Read more news23 This September, "Half a person" Phase 5 opens registration for another 3.09 million rights to the horse account rushing! BOT seeks limit for youth transfers 
Green light for "Robinhood-Grab" taxi is legal Call for service|The Department of Land Transport has endorsed the Robinhood and Grab applications to provide taxi and motorcycle services, reiterating that the car-driver standard is in accordance with the conditions of the ministerial regulations. Akarapan Deputy Director-General of the Department of Land Transport and Spokesperson of the Department of Land Transport Revealed that after the Ministry of Transport issued the Ministerial Regulation on Electronic Taxi Vehicles B.E. 2564 (2021). The Department of Land Transport has approved three applications for electronic taxi vehicles: Hello Phuket Service, Bonku, and Asia Cab, certified application providers. A letter of guarantee from a local bank must be placed. within 30 days to guarantee compliance with the conditions. rule In addition, the plan must be submitted to the Department of Land Transport for consideration within 15 days, whereby the plan must specify the time frame for the use of vehicles in the system to change the type of vehicle to a taxi car electronically in order to provide services by legitimate vehicles while the driver must have a public driving license and pass a criminal record check from the Royal Thai Police. Obtain a public driving license for a service vehicle must have a parking spot (win), The wage rate shall not exceed the rate specified by the Ministerial Regulation and the reception of passengers must be made through electronic service only. Passenger pick-up is prohibited by hitchhiking, except in the case of public motorcycles with parking spots. Read more news, NBTC prepares to raise E20 as gasoline base oil horse tending account! BOT seeks limit for youth transfer limit 23 This September, "Half a Person" Phase 5 opens another 3.09 million registrations. 
Starting today, "Half Phase 5" registered 3.09 million rights.|Starting today, "Half Phase 5" registered for the fall collection round, with 3.09 million new users through the "Pao Tang" app or www.paotang.com Today (23 Sep 2022) Start and open registration. Half the Project Phase 5: Approximately 3.09 million remaining rights The Ministry of Finance will open registration for the new round of participation in the program from Friday, September 23, 2022 until Saturday, October 1, 2022. Those interested can register through the Pao Tang application or www.paotang.com between 06.00 a.m. – 10.00 p.m. Both people who have never been eligible for the project and those who have been eligible for the project but have not spent the first time within the specified period. drink General merchandise Massage, spa, hairdressing, manicure and public transportation services and goods or services specified by the Ministry of Finance at the rate of 50% but not exceeding 150 baht per person per day and not exceeding 800 baht per person. This will be available from Monday, October 31, 2022 to Monday, October 31, 2022 between 06.00 a.m. – 10.59 p.m. 
Farmers od "oil palm" prices fall Expensive fertilizer garden|Oil palm farmers in Trang province echoed the impact of the problem of falling yield prices at 5 baht per kilogram, against the price of nearly 2,000 baht per sack of fertilizer. Wang Wiset District, Trang Province Gradually bring produce to sell. Despite suffering from the slump in palm prices. Currently, it is 4.90-5.20 baht per kilogram, which is not cost-effective because fertilizer prices are still high. From 700-800 baht per sack, the price has now increased by almost 2,000 baht per sack. One of the oil palm farmers said they could sell oil palm for about 3,000 baht but had to buy fertilizer worth more than 10,000 baht, which farmers need to add to nourish the tree and nourish the baby every 4 months. The Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives, who is responsible for taking care of farmers directly, but leaves expensive fertilizers. Against the continued decline in palm oil prices. As a result, some plantation owners do not apply fertilizer, which oil palm without fertilizer will not yield, causing farmers to suffer heavily. Mrs. Apinya Wongwiwat Yard owner According to him, palm oil prices have fallen significantly over the past 1 month. Now it is 4 baht per kilogram, although it is not a large output period, in the middle range, but the price has fallen. Farmers have to buy fertilizer at an expensive sack of almost 2,000 baht per sack. Read other news year-on-year What vegetables are expensive vegetarian this year? 8,320 million baht Help cut "fresh sugarcane" 120 baht/ton in hopes of reducing pollution 
"Treasury Department - Wong Siam" Signed EEC Water Pipe Concession Agreement|Treasury Department and Wongsiam Company Signed concession agreement for Eastern Water Management Project on behalf of Eastwater After the Administrative Court issued an order not to protect the suspension of the contract. worth 25 billion baht today (23 September 2022). The Supreme Administrative Court granted a temporary injunction following a petition from Eastern Water Management Company or Eastwater, Mr. Prapas Kongiad. Director General of the Treasury Department together with Mr. Anurit Kerdsinchai Managing Director of Wongsiam Construction Co., Ltd. signed an agreement to operate the Eastern Main Line Pipeline (EEC) project worth 25,000 million baht. After being postponed 2 times since last month. May 2022 for the essence of this concession agreement. Assign the project management Respond adequately and promptly to the water needs of communities and activities in order to achieve stability and stability that affects competitiveness in the Eastern Region. The Ministry of Finance will receive appropriate and fair remuneration according to the resolution of the Board of Directors at the State Property. On March 14, 2022, Wongsiam Acquired the right to manage and operate the main water pipeline system in the eastern region. For a period of 30 years, the Company must pay benefits to the Treasury Department throughout the contract period. as follows 
Airport Rail Link is down, 4 stations temporarily closed|Airport Rail Link informed that Hua Mak - Suvarnabhumi Station There was a power supply failure. As a result, normal service cannot be provided. Temporarily closed all 4 stations, namely Hua Mak, Ban Thap Chang, Lat Krabang, Suvarnabhumi, today (September 24, 2022). Airport Rail Link informed that Hua Mak - Suvarnabhumi Station There was a power supply failure. As a result, the train cannot operate normally and the temporary closure of all 4 stations, namely Hua Mak, Ban Thap Chang, Lat Krabang, Suvarnabhumi, is currently not fully operational, with service only available at Phayathai - Ramkhamhaeng station. Passengers who have already purchased coins can request to cancel their trip with the staff at the ticket office immediately. Passengers are kindly requested to allow extra time for their journey. We apologize for the inconvenience and apologize for the recent incident. At around 5.40 p.m., Airport Rail Link informed that Ramkhamhaeng Station - Suvarnabhumi Station has resumed normal operation with a temporary one-sided platform (heading to Suvarnabhumi Station) with a frequency train operating for 30 minutes. 
ETA Clarification: Easy Pass account maintenance fee will be charged only for inactive cards.|ETA Clarification on the case of Easy Pass account maintenance bill will start collecting next year, especially the Easy Pass card is inactive only. It is not charged to regular Easy Pass users today (24 September 2022). Clarification of news on social media In the event that the Expressway Authority of Thailand will charge an Easy Pass account maintenance fee of 25 baht per month, which will be collected by the end of October 2022, it is said that the information is inaccurate from the facts. Account maintenance fees will only be charged for inactive or inactive Easy Pass users. In October next year, i.e. 2023, due to the provision of Easy Pass services, the EGAT must provide OBU card devices and smart cards by the EGAT to provide free services to Expressway users. You only need to top up the toll on the card, which the EGAT must manage in every account. If the user needs not to use the Easy Pass card, such as working abroad or for other reasons, they can contact the EGAT to cancel the use, which will be refunded in the card, however, before the expiry of 1 year, the EGAT will send an SMS or email informing the inactive Easy Pass users in advance that they will start collecting account maintenance fees. 
Warn merchants to sneak "lead into shrimp heads" Mae Sot Market for sale|Warning found merchants secretly stuffing lead in shrimp heads to gain weight A fresh market in Mae Sot district, Tak province. Villagers who encounter it warn against being exploited. Ministry of Public Health Warn lead poisoning is toxic to the body. A picture of shrimp posted by villagers in Mae Sot district, Tak province to warn others after buying fresh shrimp from Pacharoen Fresh Market in Mae Sot district, Tak province for 1 kilogram, price 450 baht, but when removing the head, they found a large lead ball stuffed in the head of 3 shrimps, 1 tablet each. Incidents He did not report the prosecution, but wanted the relevant authorities to investigate because it was taking advantage of consumers for the leaded shrimp. It happened once at Rim Moei Market under the Thai-Myanmar Friendship Bridge. Ban Rim Mei, Tha Sai Luat Subdistrict, causing Tha Sai Luat District Municipality officials to go out to inspect. Use the scanner until you find it before things go quiet. And found shrimp for sale in Phacharoen Fresh Market, which both Thai and Myanmar villagers went to buy and found lead head again. Ministry of Public Health Warn people to be careful of buying large shrimp, may get lead and stuffed into shrimp heads, shrimp claws. If lead poisoning enters the body, acute poisoning may occur in 30 minutes. Blood and nervous system It is recommended to choose fresh shrimp. Large shrimp should increase the observation of color and weight earlier. The Ministry of Public Health has warned about lead poisoning in shrimp heads. Lead is the most toxic element in food. When the body is exposed to lead, lead poisoning occurs. This will affect the gastrointestinal tract. Hematological and nervous system The acute stage will occur in 30 minutes with abdominal pain, constipation, fatigue, loss of appetite. Nausea, dizziness, weight loss, vomiting, dry throat, thirst, headache, and insomnia. 
Finance Minister points to VAT increase on "luxury goods" by more than 7%|Minister of Finance After satisfying the revenue collection in line with Thailand's target of reducing VAT from 10 percent to 7 percent since 1997, the concept of collecting VAT at two rates, divided into general goods and services, 7 percent and luxury goods. Rate above 7% (maximum ceiling of 10%) on 26 Sep 2022 Mr. Akhom Toppittayapaisit The Finance Minister said existing laws can be implemented and many countries impose VAT on luxury goods more expensive than conventional goods. He said the increase in VAT on luxury goods by more than 7 percent is part of a tax reform plan to accommodate the increase in government expenditures, with every 1 percent VAT adding at least 100 billion baht in revenue to the state. In May, the increase was 94% compared to the same period of 2021, partly due to the currency value and purchasing power of high-income groups. Read more private news pointing out "weak baht" does not affect competition Advice to cope with rising interest rates at vegetarian food stalls High costs - the economy has not yet recovered. 
The corruption court dismissed the case. SRT changes bidding criteria for Orange Line|The Criminal Court in corruption cases dismissed the case filed by BTS against the governor and the Board of Directors. M.36 In case of change of bidding criteria for the Orange Line Offences against official office Today (27 Sep 2022) Central Criminal Court for Corruption and Misconduct Read the verdict at the hearing on the grounds of prosecution. Black Case No. 30/2564 Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited or BTSC is the plaintiff filed a lawsuit. Mr. Pakapong Sirikantaramas, Governor of Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (MRT), is the 1st defendant and 7 members of the Board of Directors. M.36 In the Orange Line BTS Bang Khun Nont - Minburi (Suwinthawong) Project The Court of First Instance dismissed the case because it found that the change in the criteria by setting the proportion of technical ratings to 30% for investment and 70% for return was an exercise of discretion to revise the criteria for evaluating new proposals and the announcement of cancellation of the solicitation announcement and cancellation of the selection of private investors according to the resolution of the Selection Committee. Defendant No. 1 has an intention to bully the plaintiff or is discriminatory. The amendment of the guidelines is unlawful. The plaintiff acknowledged the conditions stipulated in the Tender Notice Document (RFP) that the RFP stated the right to amend the RFP details and could extend the date of acceptance, and the plaintiff purchased the RFP envelope without dispute. It shows that the plaintiff is fully aware of the terms of the reserve of rights to update and change the guidelines by seeing that: The plaintiff's complaint does not contain sufficient weight to establish that: The amendment of the said criteria is in favor of one of the applicants and while the approval has not yet reached the deadline for submitting the proposal envelope, it does not disadvantage the applicant. In addition, the period has been extended from the original proposal deadline by 45 days to give the applicant time to prepare information. Chief Lawyer of BTS It was revealed that BTS has filed several charges in detail. As for some of the issues decided by the court, the legal team considered that they still did not agree on the law. After this, they will go back to find out more and will move forward with the appeal, which can be done within a month, stating that BTS still believes in the evidence and that there are still many aspects of the matter that have not been settled acceptable. 
Extend the reduction of electricity and water bills for the poor card group for another 7 months until April 2023 |The Cabinet extended the period of relief for electricity and water bills for State Welfare Card holders for another 7 months from October 2022 to April 2023, but stipulated conditions for using no more than 50 units of electricity per month and water bills not exceeding 315 baht per month today (April 27, 2022). Deputy Secretary-General to the Prime Minister for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office announced the Cabinet resolution approving the extension of measures to alleviate the burden of electricity and water bills from October 2022 to April 2023 for a total period of 7 months using the budget from the Public Welfare Fund for Foundational Economy and Society. Baht 1,933.05 million. Divided into supporting electricity bills amounting to Baht 1,786.05 million. Approximately 810,000 households have been rescued and 147 million baht has been budgeted for water bills. Assistance to approximately 210,000 households The measures to alleviate the burden of electricity and water bills are as follows: The aforementioned measures will end on September 30. Therefore, the Cabinet has extended the period of measures to relieve the burden of electricity and water bills for another 7 months in order to continuously relieve the burden of basic utility expenses for the cardholders and cover more state welfare card holders who will benefit from such measures. How much electricity can I use for a month, get a discount "MEA-PEA" Open the "Decrease FT" condition.
Bangkok Bank raises interest rates on deposits and loans on September 29|Bangkok Bank Pilot raises deposit rate by 0.15-0.50% per annum The maximum loan rate will be 0.40% per annum, effective from September 29, after the MPC decided to raise the policy rate today (September 28, 2022). Reporters reported that after the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) raised the policy rate by 0.25% per annum from 0.75% to 1.00% per annum with immediate effect as the Thai economy continues to recover. As a result, Bangkok Bank increased deposit and loan interest rates in line with the MPC's interest rate adjustment, said Mrs. Ratchanee Noppamuang, Executive Vice President of Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited. Bangkok Bank revealed that The interest rate on deposits has been increased by 0.15-0.50% per annum, while the interest rate for MLR loans or interest rates for high-end large customers has increased. Minimum Loan Rate increased by 0.40% p.a. / MOR or Minimum Overdraft Rate increased by 0.375% p.a. and MRR or Minimum Retail Rate increased by 0.30% p.a. effective from September 29. Choosing to adjust gradually because of concerns that the economy may slow down in 2023 is in a palliative phase. The baht is still likely to depreciate, but a strong interest rate hike is unlikely to slow down the baht. By Mr. Wisak Wattanajit Director, Office of the Fuel Fund (ONF) Clarified that if the exchange rate is 38 baht per US dollar, the global oil price moves by 1 US dollar, which will result in a change in the price of petrol in Thailand by 23 satang per liter. If next week the global price continues to decline. Even if the baht is weak, there may be a chance to see the retail price of diesel decline when the price of petrol decreases, so the fuel fund from diesel will be charged 1 baht 15 satang per liter. It is prepared to take care of fuel prices during the winter of 4 months when the global market may rise and support the resumption of excise tax by the Ministry of Finance of 5 baht per liter. Related News "Baht" weakens past 38 baht per dollar Pressure to raise interest rates on 2 sides of the coin "weak baht - strong baht" Who gains - who loses private benefits, pointing out that "weak baht" does not affect competition Advice to cope with rising interest rates 
3 Predicted Impacts of "Flooding" Worsening the Economy|"Flood" Krungsri Research assesses 3 flood impacts, the worst affecting more than 15 million rai of land. Agricultural products damaged 33.2 billion baht in 2022 Thailand is at risk of flooding in some areas, with clear signs from the oceanographic index and the amount of water in large dams that are at a high level close to 2011. Under the simulation and assessment of impacts on economic activities, Krungsri Research reported that if the flooded area is in an area with a high impact on the economy, such as industrial estates, important agricultural areas, or important transportation routes. The impact will continue to affect the production supply chain, from upstream to downstream, which will increase the damage to GDP. One of the areas declared for acute flood watch is Nakhon Ratchasima. The chairman of the Nakhon Ratchasima Chamber of Commerce said that if water is released from the dam, there will be some parts that cannot be prevented, but he believes that water management will make the impacts less severe. Locals are talking to each other, but not panicking. Focus on surveillance and preparedness Assessment of flood damage to the economy It is also seen as having little effect while the big picture at the national level. The end of the year is the peak season. Many people are worried that flooding will affect travel. Mr. Chaiyapruek Thong, President of the Domestic Tourism Association Mr. Somchai Wangwattanapanich, vice president of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) and president of the Institute of Water and Environment for Sustainability, said that major floods in 2022 are unlikely to occur like in 2011 because monkey cheek areas have been prepared for this year. All sectors are coordinated. Set up industrial warrooms in each province. The central area that is at risk of flooding this year is industrial estates. This includes perimeter lines such as Lat Krabang, which has already prepared preventive measures for damage to the agricultural sector. Spokesperson, Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives The situation is still in its infancy. The damage assessment may not be clear. Therefore, it asks for time to gather information and will report later. Related News Jisda Reveals Images of Waterlogging 8 provinces "Chi-Mun River Basin" totaling 4.1 lakh rai Czech flood area - damage "Storm Noru" hit Ubon  
The Lottery Office has adjusted the system to randomly order and reserve 5 books per person.|Government Lottery Office Adjust the system to randomly select vendors in the order-order system to match the number of people to match the number of tickets in the existing system. 5 books each in case of problems with lottery ticket dealers in the order ordering system, some quarrels in front of ATMs. To reserve the right to enter the random allocation system at the quota price. Lt. Col. Buon Sansanakhom The director of the Government Lottery Office has announced the revised criteria for random lottery dealers in the new ordering system from the original 1.7 million lottery ticket dealers in the ordering system to receive the allocation of tickets through Netbank or ATMs to the lottery office. As a result, each installment, lottery dealers in the system may be entitled to allocate tickets alternately with those that are not allocated. Director of Lottery Office Acknowledging that this kind of random trader system may become a dramatic issue, but if you look at the overall picture, it is evident that the new method will help distribute the lottery tickets more evenly." Therefore, there will be a difference from the past, where the buyer-booker will have to press the transaction manually or press the competition in time, but this kind of randomness still has the opportunity to win every installment," the director of the lottery office said. In addition, the Government Lottery Committee meeting also approved an increase in the number of digital lotteries. 1.1 million copies issued on 16 October 2022 This resulted in a volume of 13.9 million digital tickets in the system. The digital lottery payout transfer system has been revised from the original. The winner must have a Krungthai bank account. The lottery office can transfer the prize money to an electronic wallet or G-Wallet on the "Pao Tang" application without having a Krungthai account and receive the prize money within 2 hours after issuing the prize. Related NewsLottery Board Spokesperson Confirm the new 3-digit 2-digit lottery, not the BOT lottery ticket can still be used "Polymer Bank 20 Baht" Thai numerals are not found to match Arabic. 
Oct 1 "Lazada - Shopee" raises sales fees|Merchants on major e-commerce platforms may have to adjust after Lazada and Shopee announced a 1% increase in sales fees starting Oct. 1. Today (1 Oct 2022) E-commerce platforms Lazada and Shopee announced a 1% increase in sales fees for merchants who do not participate in special promotional programs. Effective from October 1, the products in the electronics category and mother and child products. The largest increase was an average of 3% of product prices. Chinsupakkul Chief Executive Officer of Lineman Insider said that the competition in the online platform business It's highly competitive. The company has no plans to cut staff, but wants to increase the number of employees, especially in engineers and technology scientists. The company has increased its infrastructure expansion plan to support new services on the platform, along with cost management within the organization and restaurant vendors on the platform to survive the intensified competition in the market, according to the Electronic Transaction Development Office. More than 50 million Thais use the internet. More than half spend on goods and services on online platforms. Retail sales alone amounted to not less than 2.1 trillion baht. Read more news on the last day! Registration for "Half Phase 5" round of collection at the lottery office adjusted the system to randomly order - reserve 5 books per person. 
Old hotels follow the trend of the new generation adapted to accommodation. Pet​ Friendly|When the new generation didn't want to have children and raise pets as children, the heirs of old hotels in Chiang Mai took advantage of their experiences from both domestic and international accommodations as animal lovers and converted them into Pet Friendly accommodations, hoping to revive the family business after the COVID-19 crisis. Rim Moat Hotels It is open to tourists who have visited Chiang Mai for a long time. The 33-year-old is another establishment that has been affected by COVID-19. When a hotel has to close temporarily Ten employees had to find new jobs after the pandemic passed, a return to 100% of income became a rocky challenge to face. From classic Thai-style house hotels where 99% of European tourists stay, they have to adapt to the state tourism stimulus program. Accepting Thai tourists to generate income to sustain business this crisis made "Praew-Litapat Pantalert" The innkeeper's daughter. Settle down to help the family business with full force. He started by creating a Facebook page to promote the hotel through social media. There are many hotels in the moat zone, most of them adjacent. It was a challenging competition as everyone rushed to recover from COVID-19. The 32-year-old studied the 2022 trends, and found that "the younger generation does not want to have children due to social and economic conditions. At the same time, the herdsman is more childly. Love and take good care of them." Like herself, she raised her children. A total of 10 dogs and cats. When traveling, she also needs accommodation for her child, these are the answers for Praew. and Fah Thai Boutique Hotel. To serve as a strength and selling point for the competition, before announcing the transformation into a Pet Friendly hotel, accommodation that allows tourists to bring pets. By applying the experience collected from hotels both in Thailand and abroad to form the 10 rules in hotels, the response from the strategies that were brought to fight this time was satisfactory. The number of pet-friendly tourists has begun, both Thai and foreigner, which has become an impetus for Praew to continue communicating Pet Friendly accommodation and hope that everyone who travels to Chiang Mai will create beautiful memories with their beloved pets and return to this Lanna city again.
Cabinet approves amendment to help groups unable to find spouses Access your State Welfare Card|Cabinet approves solution to solve the problem of state welfare card enrollees In 2022, 100,000 spouses who cannot be contacted to access benefits under the project today (October 5, 2022) Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs Acting spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office, he announced the Cabinet resolution as the government opened registration for the project from September 5, 2022 onwards. It was found that there are people who wish to register for the scheme but have difficulty registering, especially in cases where there is a spouse but cannot accompany their spouse to sign the registration form under the scheme. As follows:1. Vulnerable groups include registrants aged 60 years and over (as of 19 October 2022), disabled or bedridden patients who cannot accompany their spouse. You can also register for the 2022 program by certifying that you cannot accompany your spouse with the signatures of 2 certified witnesses and must be signed by the local Ministry of Interior officials to submit to the registration agency, where the Ministry of Finance will check the qualifications of such groups according to their status.2. General group: Registrants under the age of 60 submit the registration form to participate in the 2022 program. In case of inability to accompany the spouse for processing, the registrant must certify in the documents specified by the Ministry of Finance that the spouse cannot be traced together with the signatures of 2 witnesses to submit to the registration agency. The Ministry of Finance will check the qualifications of such group registrants in non-spouse status3. Once the registrant meets the eligibility criteria, the registrant will be able to exercise the privilege under the 2022 scheme upon verifying his/her identity at the BAAC and Government Savings Bank from the date of announcement of the qualification results (within 180 days) and Krung Thai Bank (no expiry period). If a divorce certificate is required for registration The registrant must bring the divorce certificate or any other document to the board. The show shall be completed within 1 year from the date of announcement of the results of the qualification examination of the Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs. Acting as spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Clarified that this approach is to solve the problem for people who wish to register for the 2022 program but are unable to accompany their spouse to sign the registration form due to various reasons, such as abandonment, separation from spouse, divorce proceedings, etc.
#หยุดผูกขาดมือถือ Trending Keep an eye on NBTC discusses merger of True-dtac|#หยุดผูกขาดมือถือ Trending on Thai Twitter After the report today (October 12, 2022) The issue of True and dtac business merger will be included in the agenda of the Board of Directors' meeting. The NBTC has already passed a resolution, but may not be able to vote yet. More samples from abroad must be studied today (October 12, 2022). Hashtag #หยุดผูกขาดมือถือ Trending on Thai Twitter After it was reported that the issue of the merger of True and dtac businesses will be on the agenda of the Board of Directors' meeting. More than 80,000 tweets have been submitted by the NBTC today, with over 80,000 tweets commenting on the issue. There are concerns that the merger of True and dtac could lead to a monopoly in the market, as only the two remaining major carriers may deal to increase service prices. He said consumers supported the NBTC to act in accordance with the spirit of the 1960 Constitution by refusing to allow the merger of Truedtac for the benefit of the people and the public interest. iLaw tweeted a video explaining the potential impact on the public if the merger of True and dtac succeeded, as well as tweeting an antitrust campaign in the case of the merger between True and d change.org tac. Since 8 months ago 23,507 people have signed up to support this campaign. People align with Mr. Somkiat. Tangkijvanit In a Facebook post, Thailand Development Institute (TDRI) president Somkiet Tangkitvanich said people should watch closely because economic analysis shows that mergers have negative consequences. Post-merger service prices may be higher. 2-23% in case there is no price conspiracy or huddle between the remaining 2 operators. Rates may rise by 1.2 times - 2.4 times and the country's GDP will shrink by 0.5-0.6 percent. Communications has jointly submitted a letter to the Board of Directors. NBTC by Gen. Kitti Ketsri, Resident Practitioner of the President The NBTC, who received True Corporation's representative, said it wanted the NBTC to consider the merger as soon as possible because it had been 9 months but there was no official conclusion, which normally requires consideration within 90 days and the delay affected True and dtac consumers because they could not use the service and network together. Mr. Pravit Lisathapornwongsa referee The NBTC assesses that it may be a conditional permit. As for intensive or not, we will have to follow up again, with an example of if the conditions are intense, will allow some businesses to sell out. If it is not intensive, the business will still hold all assets as before, but will direct the behavior. 
19-20 Oct APEC Finance Ministers' Meeting Thailand pushes for digital economy discussion|The Ministry of Finance held the APEC Finance Ministers' Meeting on October 19-20. Discuss the global economic situation and take lessons learned from fiscal policy during the COVID-19 crisis. Before pushing forward the action plan for fiscal cooperation, the Ministry of Finance hosted the APEC Finance Ministers' Meeting during 19-20 October 2022 at the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center and prepared an off-site event for about 250 Finance Ministers and participants from 21 APEC economies and international organizations. On Oct. 19, finance ministers from APEC members will meet informally to exchange views on the global economic situation with risks of slowing down and high inflation. During the COVID-19 crisis After issuing bonds in accordance with sustainability standards to pay relief to people affected by the COVID-19 crisis, including implementing measures to support domestic consumption through the Half a Person Project, the State Welfare Card. As a result, Thailand has become the 3rd highest digital financial transaction volume in the world. Thailand is the first country in ASEAN to issue sustainable bonds according to international standards with a credit limit of more than 247 billion baht. 
62,000,000 people registered for debt mediation 1.5 lakh|Bank of Thailand expose More than 62,000 people have registered for the debt relief event, totaling 158,539 transactions, with the system still open until 30 November 2022 today (14 October 2022). Miss SUWANNEE JESADASAK Senior Director, Financial Institutions Policy and Supervision Department, 2 BOT revealed that there were 158,539 debt resolution requests from 62,595 borrowers, an average of 2-3 transactions per person, mainly credit cards and personal loans. Borrowers who are struggling with debt repayment and are interested can register online via www.bot.or.th/debtfair from September 26 to November 30, 2022. BOT Tel. 1213 Monday - Friday 08:30 - 17:30 hrs. , Chatbot Debt Doctor (Line @doctordebt) , Contact E-mail: debtfair@bot.or.th
Commemorative Medal 29th APEC Economic Area Leaders' Meeting |Treasury Department Issued a commemorative coin for the 29th APEC Economic Area Leaders' Meeting 2022 to commemorate His Majesty the King's benevolence and publicize His Majesty's merit. Coin exchange opens Nov. 1.
Today (25 Oct 2022) Mr. Bhumroen Bodhiyod Deputy Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance Acting Representative Director General of the Treasury Department Revealed that the government, by the Treasury Department, Ministry of Finance, has prepared a commemorative coin. The 29th APEC Economic Area Leaders' Meeting 2022 is a white metal coin (copper and nickel) with a price of 20 baht, diameter 32 mm, weight 15 grams, plain type, with a pattern on the front and in the center of the coin with the image of His Majesty the King Srisintorn Maha Vajiralongkorn. His Majesty King Vajirakut, facing his right side, celebrated His Majesty the King with the full rank of Interior Guard of His Majesty King Chulalongkorn. King Chulalongkorn celebrates His Majesty the King Khrui Maha Chakri, the Royal Family, IX the Order of Honor, the Great Chakri Royal Family and the Chom Klao necklace. Inside the bottom edge of the coin is the inscription "His Majesty the King Rama Thibodi Srisinthorn Maha Vajiralongkorn His Majesty the King Vajiralongkorn", on the back of the coin is the emblem of the 29th APEC Economic Area Leaders' Meeting on the right. The emblem has the price number "20" on the left side with the text "Baht" inside the obverse of the coin above it says "29th APEC Economic Area Leaders' Meeting 2022". Below is the text "Thailand" for those who wish to exchange such commemorative coins. You can request for redemption at the Treasury Department from November 1, 2022 onwards. This is for those who wish to exchange such commemorative coins. You can request for redemption at the Treasury Department from November 1, 2022 onwards. Central at the Currency Management Division Phaholyothin Road, Pathum Thani Province, Coin Receiving and Exchange Unit Chakkraphong Road, Bangkok, Coin Exchange Unit At the local treasury offices nationwide, while online channels at www.treasury.go.th (online service, electronic coin service system) by ordering through online channels, you can choose to pick up in person at the central exchange location or choose to have it delivered by post.
Thailand Dan Concert Tight queue van - mobile phone rental - deposit of goods|Weekly concerts are back, fans are driving a vibrant economy, with queues of vans and private platforms for concertgoers. Meanwhile, the business of depositing goods in front of concerts and renting mobile phones earned a good income for 1 month almost 20,000 baht after the COVID-19 lockdown was eased. Both Thai and international concerts began to be performed continuously. Even though there used to be concerts only on Saturdays and Sundays. The announcement of the addition of tickets after the sold out ticket resulted in concerts on Friday, Saturday, Sunday or Saturday, Sunday and Monday, and even halls in shopping malls and convention centers with long queues. Some concerts by foreign artists have expanded to be held in other provinces, and tickets have already begun to be purchased, in addition to the buzz that concert organizers have started earning income and consumers who have been waiting for entertainment for a long time have exploded. Another important part of benefiting from these concert festivals is the businesses involved in concerts. Start by traveling, whether it's a bus. Every Saturday and Sunday at BTS Mo Chit there will be many fans waiting in line to board the bus, but it is not as long as you think. With the number of cars coming to pick up people all the time, you don't have to worry about traveling as much as you should. However, concertgoers' dedicated van service platform, Loops, has added more routes to pick up and drop off passengers. And when the official date, time, and venue of the concert are announced, fans need to plan their itinerary and register to reserve seats to rest assured that there will be a ride home after the concert. Each event quickly booked 400 seats per route, reflecting the demand for the service, while the business in front of the concert was equally busy. For example, the storage business in front of the concert has many vendors settling in front of the exhibition hall to take storage of goods. An office worker who decided to pursue a side job for the first time at IMPACT. There were 3 concert halls last Saturday and Sunday, including the 2022 JAYB World Tour in BKK. Kamikaze Party 2022 Concert and 안녕 BANGKOK Concert and was recommended by a junior who is a fan of Korean artists as a career that should make good money. He also stated that the next event will come again and will come in the morning and promote more on Twitter so that there will be more customers, who believe that this profession will generate additional income well. The store has a deposit price for the concert in the backpack. Paper bags and plastic bags are priced at 30 baht, while luggage and valuables are priced at 60 baht. At the same time, the hashtag #เช่าS22Ultra, which has been trending on Thai Twitter many times during Friday-Saturday-Sunday, also came from nowhere, but from another business from the concert as well. Even so-called live card on the mountain, it can be photographed like a hole card stay. Merchants who caught the spot sprung up a mobile phone rental business, and the response was better than expected. There are customers who come to book a rental queue for every concert. The owner of a mobile phone rental shop with account @apchynnn stated that he invested in buying 4 mobile phones to rent out for people who want to go to concerts as an extra income by charging 1,500 baht without a deposit because he thought that fans had to pay for concert tickets and might not have enough money to pay for the device insurance or deposit. The owner rented out his mobile phone on Twitter. He told Thai PBS Online that he is already a fan of the artist. When I went to the concert, I was told not to bring a big camera inside, and I was advised to try my mobile rental business, so I started experimenting with the market for 2 months now. Choose this model because it can zoom photos 100 times and video zoom up to 20 times, which meets the needs of customers for those who use the service, when they know the concert plan or book concert tickets, they will contact to book a queue, which the shop will charge 1,200 baht for rent and a deposit of 3,000 baht. When the concert ends, there will be a data transfer service by plugging in type C or uploading Google Drive for you, knowing that customers want photos and videos as soon as possible. Mui sees that there is still a lot of gap in the business of renting phones to concerts because as you can see, there are only about 15 shops for rent, but there are 5,000 to tens of thousands of people attending each concert. As for the shops that are already renting, they have to adjust both in terms of service and mobile phone models to see if there are any updates on the use of cameras.
Thai gain or lose Open the way for foreigners to occupy land.|Foreign ownership of residential land is done in many countries depending on the policies and goals of the government. Thailand is in need of foreign investment, so this policy has been revived. The Cabinet last week approved the principle of drafting a ministerial regulation that would allow foreigners to buy land for housing up to 1 rai, leading to controversy. Reasons for the Ministry of Interior Proponents of the bill It is stated that to stimulate the economy and investment because it stipulates that eligible persons must invest at least 40 million baht and maintain investment for at least 3 years in businesses or businesses that the draft ministerial regulation requires to apply for the right. This is equivalent to 5 percent of the Thai real estate market that year. Government Housing Bank estimates that if you buy a house with land in Thailand, combined with buying an existing condo, the amount will grow three times or 150,000 million baht per year. It accounts for 15 percent of the Thai real estate market value each year. Nationalities transferred ownership of condos in Thailand peaked during the quarter. In the past 2 years, it was found that both the number of units and the highest value were China, but most purchases cost less than 5,000,000 baht, but the nationalities that bought large units with a wide area were India, who bought units with an average size of 73.2 square meters, followed by Australia and the United Kingdom. The government tried to explain to the opposing parties that this policy specifically targets four potential foreigners to facilitate the Thai economy and limit the period of purchase. Overseas retirees People who want to work from Thailand and skilled groups Bank of Thailand (BOT) or National Bank Indicate that investing in government bonds National banks can only guarantee their status at any given time. There may be additional control processes to invest for more than 3 years. Specify that the purchase price level must be determined, such as not less than 10 million baht. Buying and selling speculatively is prohibited and there should be a different tax and fee than Thais. Economists think the government still has a lot of control measures. Can you check that the source of investment in Thailand is clean and not come to do gray business, such as setting up a call center gang? Set up a kidnapping ransom gang. While talented people have a house and land that meets the needs of talented people? Thai Target We need wealthy people, talented people, to contribute to the Thai economy, but we have to answer the question that Thailand is really ready.   
NEC taps plan to overcome energy crisis - asks for cooperation to save electricity|NEC approves energy management measures in the situation of high energy prices and asks for cooperation from business-industry to save energy today (7 November 2022) Mr. Kulis Sombatsiri Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Energy Revealed that the meeting of the National Energy Policy Committee (NECC) Consider the Russia-Ukraine unrest that has caused the price of liquefied natural gas in the world market to fluctuate and rise to a high level. As a result of the sanctions imposed on Russia by many countries around the world. This resulted in tight natural gas and oil supply as well as the weakening of the baht at the NEC meeting. Therefore, it resolved to approve energy management measures during the energy price crisis. Month Range For example, measures in accordance with the Natural Gas Management Guidelines 2022, procurement of additional electricity from hydropower plants in neighboring countries, as well as measures to request cooperation in saving energy in the business and industrial sectors, and expedite approval/permitting of solar power generation (Solar Cell), etc. Department of Natural Fuels, PTT Public Company Limited (PTT), The Department of Alternative Energy Development and Efficiency (DEDE) has urged the Office of the Commissioner to monitor the situation of energy prices, comparing imported spot LNG prices with fuel prices and costs in each measure. To consider the cost-effectiveness of energy-saving cooperation measures, such as setting the air conditioning temperature in the building to 27 degrees Celsius, turning off unnecessary lighting, setting the time to turn on and off the billboard lights, turning off fuel stations after 11 p.m., as well as setting the opening and closing time for energy-intensive service sectors, etc. However, these measures will become mandatory if LNG prices rise above US$50 per million BTU for more than 14 consecutive days. 
Today, the SET temporarily banned trading of MORE shares.|Retail investors criticize More Return After the market Suspicious findings using margin to spin stocks Risk affecting brokers to pay for shares of 4,000 million baht Meanwhile, the SET manager and the Association of Brokers held an urgent press conference today. The temporary ban is expected today (Nov. 14, 2022) Reporters reported that a large investor created a nonmi to distribute among securities companies or brokers. At least 14-20 companies and a certain number of More stocks are used as collateral to obtain a line of credit from securities stocks or margin before starting the plan to give Nominee in a broker on the buying side. Manipulate the share price by automatically buying shares at the open market price or AOT at Bt2.90 on November 10, 2022. The brokerage company sold once at the same time until the price reached the lowest price range since the opening of trading at 1.95 baht, resulting in the movement of no less than 1,500 million shares. from existing stock securities, amounting to loss of price difference from this stock churn. Not less than Baht 3,000 million, provided that in order to use the margin to purchase shares, the shares must be paid in T+2 form or shares that must be paid for 2 days from the date of purchase or maturity. Today (Nov. 14) By 12.00 p.m. for long and sell sides by 3.00 p.m. 11 brokerage firms found irregularities in the transaction, suspected that the trading of such shares was the same group, so submitted a request to the Stock Exchange of Thailand. The court temporarily suspended the order for payment of shares. Director and Manager of the Stock Exchange of Thailand and Mr. Pichet Sittimnuay President, Association of Thai Securities Companies Prepare a press release on the progress of resolving the issue. It is expected that the SP sign will initially be marked or temporarily prohibited from trading earlier. Retail investors have criticized the stock price for its unusual moves since before the day of action. The stock price adjusted technically, but the price increase exceeded its fundamentals and profitability, and the company changed its name from DNA Company in 2002 to solve the problem of the stock image making a price. Mr. Prakit Siriwattanaket Managing Director, Mercion Partners Asset Management The SET noted that the problem may affect broker liquidity and investor confidence to withdraw money from brokers, prompting the SET to revise margin criteria and affect short-term speculative investors in small-cap stocks to reduce potential losses.
AOT prepares to discuss pulling "GrabTaxi" to serve airports|AOT prepares to discuss with GrabTaxi to help pick up passengers in the airport After experiencing the problem of not having enough taxis, Mr. Nitinai Sirisomrokarn President, Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) Currently, there are 2,500 taxis registered at Don Mueang Airport, but only 500 have returned to service, while Suvarnabhumi Airport has registered 5,000 vehicles, and only 2,500 have returned to service due to some affected during the COVID-19 pandemic and some have had to drop off passengers in the city. Traffic jams can't make time to get back to queuing quickly. As a result, taxis are not enough and passengers have to wait in long queues today (Nov 11). Ministry of Transport Meeting of the Working Group on Integration of Services for Citizens and Foreign Tourists at Suvarnabhumi Airport and Don Mueang Airport AOT will propose to study the implementation of GrabTaxi service within the airport. However, AOT will discuss with the currently registered taxi operators first. In order not to be affected and find a solution to this problem together, the problem of density at the immigration checkpoint. AOT will propose to introduce APPS advance passenger screening system technology to know the number of passengers in advance before disembarking the aircraft. If this technology is processed in conjunction with immigration. This will allow the immigration personnel to be planned to provide adequate services and provide immigration services according to the target set by immigration for an average of 1 minute per person. 
Make a prediction "FIFA World Cup 2022" via "Postcard-Online"|World Cup Season Welcome Event In 2022, for the first time, Thailand Post held World Cup predictions through the Thailand Post Executive application. At least 300 million people are expected to participate in the football prediction. Confirming that it can be checked at all stages today (November 15, 2022), reporters reported that for the first time ever, Thailand Post has been able to verify all the steps. The 2022 FIFA World Cup prediction channel has been increased from postcards only. Under the concept of "Cheer for it, win luck anytime, anywhere" by adding 2 channels to predict the World Cup results, namely postcards and online postcards via the Prompt Post application, to suit today's lifestyle. Thailand Post expects to have more than 300 million predictions, and the use of technology this time is transparent and can be monitored at every step for Thai football fans. Both contests can be predicted from November 21 to November 17. This December, for the opening match of the World Cup. Hosts Qatar will face Ecuador on Sunday, November 20 at 11pm.
KGB Jang 3 in case of FT increase Jan-Apr 23 Tap 5.37-6.03 Baht/unit|KGB launches 3 guidelines to increase FT fee for Jan-Apr 23 at 5.37-6.03 baht per unit The government is preparing to open for public hearings on the SEC website from November 14-27 before being announced today (November 14, 2022). Secretary-General, Office of the Energy Regulatory Commission as spokesperson for the Energy Regulatory Commission It was revealed that the Approved the calculation of FT estimate for the monthly period. Jan-Apr 2023 will be 5.37-6.03. This depends on EGAT's management guidelines for paying the outstanding cost burden in 3 cases. Jan-Apr2023 224.98 satang per unit, divided into retail FT estimates reflecting monthly costs. EGAT will receive a full refund within 1 year, with EGAT having to manage the actual cost burden on behalf of the people. Baht 81,505 million As a result, the electricity bill (excluding VAT) was increased to 6.03 baht per unit in case the 2nd FT fee was charged monthly. Jan-Apr2023 191.64 satang per unit, divided into estimated retail FT reflecting monthly costs. Jan-Apr2023 In order for EGAT to receive a full refund within 2 years, EGAT must manage the actual cost burden on behalf of the people. Baht 101,881 million As a result, the electricity bill (excluding VAT) was increased to 5.70 baht per unit and in case 3, the FT fee was charged monthly. Jan-Apr2023 EGAT will have to bear the actual cost on behalf of the people. Baht 122,257 million As a result, the electricity bill (excluding VAT) was increased to 5.37 baht per unit. The EGAT will open the hearing to electricity users through the EGAT office's website. From November 14-27, before the actual announcement on January 1, 2023, the spokesperson of the It also states: The government is trying to freeze the price of electricity at 4.72 baht as a New Year's gift to the people. EGAT is expected to bear an increased burden of 170 billion baht. From the current burden of 120,000 million baht. The state will need more money to pay back the debt. EGAT's electricity cost estimate in 2023 is likely to be less than 5 baht or more depending on the price of liquefied natural gas and LNG, which currently fluctuates continuously. Due to the war abroad, it is unlikely that LNG prices will fall before COVID-19. spread Meanwhile, gas supply in the Gulf of Thailand is still limited. The exchange rate continued to depreciate and affected fuel prices. For residential houses, from 38.22 to 24.62 baht per month, and for small businesses, from 46.16 to 33.29 baht per month, effective from 1 January 2023 onwards. 
"Dried salted fish" sales surge |The owner of the salted kulao fish shop Aunt Fat Tak Bai He stated that 2 fish were ordered online to be used for cooking at the APEC Leaders' Meeting, only to find out later that they had been put into operation, which I was very happy about, and this news made the restaurant's salted kulao fish more known today (November 15, 2022). Tak Bai district, Narathiwat province is the restaurant that ordered salted kulao fish to be used for cooking at the APEC leaders' banquet. The owner of the restaurant Kulao Salted Fish Pa Uan Tak Bai informed that the person who ordered the fish to APEC had ordered 2 fish online weighing about 2 kilograms and only found out on November 13 evening that the person who ordered the 2 fish for cooking at APEC event may mislead other entrepreneurs, causing drama and giving information about concerns. If it is not the actual dried tiger fish, but in the midst of a communication crisis. The operator of the salted kulao fish was also delighted that the salted kulao fish at the restaurant. It has become more well-known that it is not enough to sell while the Orangpantai Community Enterprise Coordinator. Pattani province that was used as an illustration in online media and then used the content of salted and dried kulao fish to cook in the first APEC stage. As a result, operators selling dried salted kulao fish and the general public may have a misconception that the group has worn the name of dried salted kulao fish and sold it to the state. Confirming that this is not true because the state does not order fish from its own group, but admitted that this news has made people know more about tiger fish from the three southern border provinces, thus turning the crisis into an opportunity to sell more products through online media. "King of Salted Fish"Soft Power "Kulao from Bai Tak" at APEC 2022
SAT discusses digital TV to allocate time to broadcast World Cup 2022|Today (19 November), the SAT and Digital TV jointly discussed ways to allocate airtime and draw matches to broadcast the 2022 FIFA World Cup to Thai people today (19 November 2022). The Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) together with representatives from digital TV stations discussed ways to allocate airtime and draw lotteries for the World Cup to be broadcast live. In 2022 in Qatar, all 64 matches have been played since late last night after the SAT concluded on the 2022 Qatar season. World Cup Copyright The first installment of 50% must be paid to Infront Co., Ltd. FIFA Copyright Holders Representative in Asia By Saturday, Nov. 19 or today, before paying the second installment of 50% within the next week for the latest information on the purchase of World Cup licenses. Mr. Trairat Viriyasirikul The NBTC Deputy Secretary-General, in his capacity as acting NBTC Secretary-General, handed over a cheque of 600 million baht to the NBTC yesterday evening (November 18, 2022). After the prosecutor has finished reviewing the details of the legal contract, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister as Chairman of the Board of Directors The SAT held a meeting to consider applying for financial support by borrowing from the National Sports Development Fund. To rescue the remaining balance and favor her. Samanmitr, Deputy Governor of SAT for Strategy and Information Technology He told Thai PBS Sports News that the private sector has reached out to provide financial support in the amount of 800 million baht. As a result, the SAT does not need to borrow money from the National Sports Development Fund to purchase licenses totaling 33 million U.S. dollars or including taxes and expenses totaling approximately 1,400 million baht. Of course.
BTS releases 40,000 million baht debt collection clip|BTS The operator of the Green Line has released a clip asking for the 40 billion baht debt owed by Bangkok amid uncertainty about the renewal of the 30-year concession to redeem 21 this debt. The Chairman of the Board of Directors stated that he wished the authorities and executives of both Bangkok and the country's politics Because private investors pay every day and interest rises every day, which is a corrupt citizen's tax, it should not be allowed to float around like this. The Governor of Bangkok revealed that the debt for the operation and installation of the Green Line Extension 2 system, which Bangkok Thanakhom has hired BTSC, has legal issues. In this case, it is a binding debt because it must be paid continuously every year, but it is not certain whether this debt has been approved by the Bangkok Council or not, so he sent a letter to the Bangkok Council. Has it been approved by the Bangkok Council because the transfer of civil structure is a binding debt as well as the Green Line? Extension 1 Mr. Chatchachart said that there is no problem at this point, but the issue is that the wage debt is part of the extension of the concession under the NCPO order in 2019, making it impossible to pay. If the process ends, Bangkok is ready to pay this debt immediately before reiterating that it is a debt to be paid, but it must be a debt that has passed the legal process.
Pay rice planting income insurance The first installment is November 24.|Rice farmers under the income insurance scheme will start receiving payments from November 24. BAAC approves project implementation limit framework along with supplementary measures, totaling more than 80 billion baht, at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives or the Board of Directors of the Bank of Thailand chaired by Mr. Akhom Termpittayapaisit. The Minister of Finance presided. Agreed to implement subsidy payments to rice farmers along with parallel measures in accordance with government policies to stabilize paddy prices and raise income of rice farmers sustainably. The Prime Minister will preside over the press ceremony to pay 1,000 baht per rai of inputs, up to 20 rai per household or 20,000 baht, along with the first installment of the difference in the rice growers income insurance scheme on November 24. As a result, the level of payment of the difference in rice prices does not need to be revised to the project implementation limit. without affecting the fiscal position in addition, the board The Bank of Thailand also approved a 25,000 million baht loan program to delay the sale of paddy rice, as well as 1,500 baht per ton of rice deposit in case of storing rice in its own barn, and a loan for collecting rice and creating added value by the Farmers Institute with a low interest rate of 10 billion baht. Valid from now until 31 December 2023. It is expected that no less than 4.68 million households will benefit farmers, read more news clear! Link PromptPay Mobile Unaware of bank balance, Cabinet gives green light to extend "diesel tax" reduction until January 20, 2023
"Communications" Pointing out the problem of congestion in Suvarnabhumi immigration to solve - less time|Minister of Transport Identify delay issues at Suvarnabhumi Airport immigration points are resolved and take less time. However, there is still the problem of passengers waiting for long baggage Today (24 Nov 2022) Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport Monitor the progress of solving passenger congestion problems at Suvarnabhumi Airport. Especially at immigration. Minister of Transport Recently, it was found that although the problem of congestion of arrivals at immigration checkpoints has been solved, there is currently a problem of passengers waiting for baggage for a long time, the Transport Minister said. said, Congestion solutions can now be solved more effectively. Passengers spend an average of 15 minutes waiting in line for passport control per person and 1 minute in front of passport control per person. It can now accommodate 3,000 arrivals within 20 minutes, adding that Suvarnabhumi Airport is currently experiencing delays in baggage collection. Currently, ground service companies face a shortage of personnel and equipment. As a result, the arrival baggage handling service is delayed on some flights. Therefore, he instructed the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Transport to consult with service companies in the next week. If the problem is not solved, a new provider will be sought to replace the case of increasing the number of immigration personnel. Minister of Transport Accept that The initial solution was to bring in internal staff rotation, which had already presented the problem to the Prime Minister and the National Police Commissioner. Currently, there are approximately 2,400 public taxi drivers who are members of Suvarnabhumi Airport, down from pre-COVID-19 levels. There are about 4,200 public taxi drivers who are members, but insist that the number of taxis currently available is sufficient to provide services as the number of users is still less than pre-COVID-19 levels. However, due to the urgent solution to passenger congestion. Currently, passengers take time from disembarkation, baggage collection, until they leave the airport. There is an average duration in the international inbound process. Approximately 40 minutes per passenger, the overall process is streamlined. Based on passenger volume forecasts during the month. Dec2022 Suvarnabhumi Airport will handle approximately 130,000 international and domestic passengers per day, an increase of 13% from November 2022 when it carried approximately 115,000 passengers per day.
November 24 Start transferring money "Rice Planting Income Insurance - Subsidy 1,000 per Rai"|Rice farmers prepare to receive money BAAC starts transferring income insurance Inputs will be transferred on November 24-28 today (November 23, 2022). mint money Deputy Manager, Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) revealed that the Board of Directors' resolution BAAC On 21 Nov 2022 Agree to BAAC implemented measures to help rice farmers to enhance liquidity and develop production potential, totaling 81,265 million baht. 4.68 million households will benefit farmers from the project until September 30, 2023, with payments starting from November 24.1. Rice Grower Income Assurance Program Production year 2022/23Income assurance for farmers who grow 5 types of rice: Hom Mali paddy 15,000 baht per ton, not more than 14 tons per household, jasmine paddy outside the area 14,000 baht per ton, not more than 16 tons per household, paddy rice 10,000 baht per ton, not more than 30 tons per household, 11,000 baht per ton of fragrant paddy rice, not more than 25 tons per household, and sticky paddy 12,000 baht per ton, not more than 16 tons per household, the BAAC will transfer money directly to the farmer's account. According to information received from the Department of Agricultural Promotion, which passed a meeting of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Central Criteria for Income Assurance for Rice Growers. Installments 1-6 for farmers who declared harvest dates before October 15-November 18, 2022, totaling 1.68 million households, amounting to 4,516.88 million baht2. Rice Growers Management and Quality Development Scheme Production Year 2022/23 (1,000 Baht per Rai Project) supports farmers who register as rice growers with the Department of Agricultural Promotion. Production year 2022/23 at the rate of 1,000 baht per rai, up to 20 rai or 20,000 baht per household, total disbursement nationwide 4.295 million households, amounting to 50,617.045 million baht. Ready to pay according to the plan to transfer money to farmers as follows: Farmers can check the transfer results via the application. BAAC A-Mobile and A-Mobile Plus will receive a notification message via BAAC Family official line in case customers apply for BAAC Connect service and can withdraw cash through BAAC ATMs nationwide. The first installment is November 24.
Cabinet knocks back 0.1% stock sales tax|The Cabinet gave the green light to collect a maximum sales tax of no more than 0.1 percent on shares, expecting 20 billion baht to join the state today (November 29, 2022). The Finance Minister revealed that the Cabinet meeting approved the principle of abolishing the Financial Transaction Tax exemption law, which has been in force for more than 30 years, by setting a ceiling rate of 0.1 percent of every sale from the first baht, whether sold for profit or sold at a loss, because it is considered a transaction tax item. It is expected to be able to collect revenue in the first year of not less than 15 billion baht. Deep light Director-General of the Revenue Department Clarified that there is currently no set tax rate on the sale of shares. However, the collection ceiling must not exceed 0.1% of sales and 7 types of retirement savings funds are still eligible for this tax exemption as a market maker, thus affecting the liquidity of the Thai stock market in the long run. Mr. Pakorn Pittawatchai Director and Manager, The Stock Exchange of Thailand Prepare a meeting with the Association of Securities Companies to improve the system to support the collection of sales tax on shares, which brokers deduct and submit to the Revenue Department to be efficient and low-cost.
Orders 8 agricultural ambassadors to build confidence in Thai durian|Ministry of Agriculture confirms case of Chinese traders selling inferior quality durian in Shanghai rather than Thai durian Urgently ordered agricultural ambassadors of 8 countries to proactively communicate and publicize how to buy durian to foreign consumers Directed relevant agencies Surveillance against inferior durian problems from the case of durian clips published for sale in Shanghai, China It claims to be durian from Thailand but the taste is not Thai and the clip was widely circulated in China today (November 29, 2022). The Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives, as the Fruit Development and Management Board, stated that Mr. Chalermchai Srion. The Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives has instructed Thai agricultural ambassadors in all three offices, namely Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. Fact Check The Consular Department of Agriculture at the Consulate General in Shanghai reported that from yesterday's (Nov. 28) visit, No durian sales were found. However, observing from the appearance of durian in the clip confirms that it is not Thai durian by selling durian through peddlers parked on the roadside at night to evade the authorities and is a downgraded durian and is pretending to be Thai durian because it has good quality and high price, the selling price will be 50-80 yuan per kilogram or 250-400 baht per kilogram. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives It said it had instructed 11 agriculture ambassadors in eight countries, including China, Japan, Australia, Indonesia, the United States, the European Union, Italy and Russia. Accelerate awareness among overseas consumers Confidence in quality, standards, including how to choose quality durian from Thailand in various languages such as Chinese and English to gain understanding. For 5 landmarks, namely: Leech mouth must be swollen and the seam can be seen clearly. Fruit stalks must be strong, dark brown, touch-and-pestle, spiny grooves far apart. When squeezed together, you will feel springy, the tip of the spines is dry, dark brown, brittle and easily broken, and the pool must be able to clearly observe the fissures in the middle of the pool. Department of Agriculture Information Durian exports to the Chinese market during February 1 - November 24, 2022 amounted to 82,805 million baht. Export volume 779,206 tons  
Private sector prepares to hold countdown 2023 to stimulate economy|Ratchaprasong businesses are preparing to hold the countdown 2023 in an on-site format, confident that it will help stimulate the economy, with an estimated number of attendees of at least 500,000 people, with more than 1 billion baht worth worth of money today (19 December 2022). Reporters report the atmosphere in front of the courtyard of a shopping mall in Ratchaprasong district. It is decorated with a large Christmas tree, attracts the public to take pictures, and is the space to celebrate the upcoming New Year 2023 for entrepreneurs in Ratchaprasong and shopping centers. Confirming that it is preparing to return to hold the countdown in 2023 in an on-site format after 2 years of online hosting due to the COVID-19 situation, with a budget of 500 million baht. The highlight was the event brought artists from South Korea and singers from Thailand to the event. It is estimated that more than 500,000 people will attend the event, with a total turnover of more than 1,000 million baht. 80 per cent will be Thai, with 80-90 per cent staying in Ratchaprasong hotels. Deputy Prime Minister and Health Minister Anutin Charnvirakul also reaffirmed his intention to take public safety into consideration. The Ministry of Health does not support the extension of the opening hours of entertainment venues from 02.00 a.m. to 04.00 a.m. Do not want to cause drunk driving accidents. Although the extension will encourage tourism to expand, the New Year's restrictions will be tightened. The latest Bangkok executive meeting today (Dec 19) Mr. Chatchachart Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Bangkok has confirmed that it will strictly ban fireworks, especially in entertainment venues, as they do not want to cause loss in the event of a fire, and on December 20, will visit the area to monitor the safety measures of RCA entertainment group shops. Prepare to give New Year's gifts to Thai people
Real Estate Center worried about housing market slowdown in 2023 due to "end of LTV measures - rising interest rates" |The easing of the Bank of Thailand's lending controls will end this year.  As a result, the Real Estate Information Center estimates that the transfer of residential ownership will exceed 1 trillion baht, but next year the transfer amount is expected to decrease. Government Housing Bank reported an overview of the housing market situation during the third quarter of 2022, with the launch of new projects and sales in the Bangkok metropolitan area decreasing from the second quarter to more than 198,000 units worth over 984,000 million baht. This resulted in 177,000 residential units worth 870,000 units for sale. Especially housing estates in the price group of 10 million baht or more. Acting Director of Real Estate Information Center Government Housing Bank He said that during the fourth quarter, it is expected that there will be an increase in ownership transfers because the end of the LTV measure will accelerate the transfer of housing up to 1 trillion baht. This is an increase from 2021 at approximately 950,000 million baht. However, in 2023, land ownership transfers are expected to decrease by about 14% of the number of units sold and 10% of the value of the land, factors that have been impacted by the cancellation of LTV measures that make it harder for entrepreneurs to access credit, resulting in a decrease in real estate investment. Next year, I want the government and the Bank of Thailand Consider lowering ownership and mortgage transfer fees and extending LTV measures for another 6 months or 1 year to stimulate the real estate market, drive the Thai economy, and reduce the impact of rising house prices next year. 5-10 percent Given the cost of labor and construction materials, Mr. Wichai also estimated that the political party's 600-baht wage increase policy would have the greatest impact on the real estate market because it would require a lot of labor. Meanwhile, the economy is just beginning to recover. Therefore, the government should take other measures to help stimulate the economy as well.
Business Rising Star and Falling Star in 2022 After COVID-19 Begin to recover.|Due to COVID-19, many businesses are starting to recover. If you plan to do business or invest more in 2023, let's explore what our business is promising in the future. It is calculated by the Center for Economic and Business Forecasting. University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce on December 20, 2022 Center for Economic and Business Forecasting The University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce has Thai Business Forecast reveals the ranking of the top 10 rising and falling businesses in 2022, considering outstanding businesses from various sources. Commercial banks' credit information, industrial production index and capacity utilization rate data, etc. There are 5 aspects, including 100 points for the falling star business, it is necessary to adapt and see new opportunities for business development in accordance with global trends. University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce
Farmers hijack state aid, palm oil prices fall Expensive fertilizer garden|Oil palm farmers submit letter demanding solution to low prices and expensive fertilizers Meanwhile, 4 sugarcane farmer organizations prepare to meet Industry Minister accelerates preliminary and final sugarcane price determination this year today (26 December 2022) Oil palm farmers nationwide An appointment is made to submit a letter through the governor of each area. Sent to the Minister of Commerce to urge urgent solutions to the problem of falling palm prices after the continued decline in palm oil prices. Now there is about 4.00 baht per kilogram, causing farmers to speed up the harvest of Mr. Amnuay Rak Thai. Oil palm farmer, Tha Saba The workers are urged to speed up production cuts to speed up sales because many factories are now announcing New Year's holidays. The company has stopped buying produce and will reopen after the New Year festival when palm farmers are currently suffering hard. The price of palm used to rise as high as 12 baht per kilogram, but then continued to decline. Currently, farmers can only sell it for 04.00-04.10 baht per kilogram, while fertilizer is still expensive. The price of sacks of fertilizer is 1,500-1,800 baht per sack, and the price of palm must be 6 baht per kilogram, as well as 4 sugarcane farmer organizations and sugarcane farmers representatives nationwide. Prepare to meet with the Minister of Industry to inquire about problems and obstacles at the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Industry As chairman of the Cane and Sugar Committee, there has not been a meeting to determine the gross and final price of sugarcane this year according to the Cane and Sugar Act.
"Communications" Order to expedite the solution to support travel at Suvarnabhumi Airport|Minister of Transport Confirmed ready to receive Chinese tourists New Year's Eve travel has instructed relevant agencies to urgently solve the problem of passenger congestion. Immigration document checks, delayed baggage waiting, the density of Suvarnabhumi Airport services during the festive season and delays in baggage waiting have prompted the Ministry of Transport to urgently revise today (28 December 2022). Mr. Saksiam Align like Transport Minister said: It has now been improved and corrected, with immigration being speedier. Increase the number of officers at the passport control area to an average of 4 minutes per person for an average of 15 minutes during congestion periods. It is now doing better, but it is not yet able to accommodate travel. He ordered the solution to be resolved and Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) Be prepared if you encounter an emergency. Meanwhile, the problem of long waiting taxis There are currently 2,600 taxis in Suvarnabhumi, but not enough during rush hour. After this, AOT shall negotiate with Suvarnabhumi taxi operator. If you can't increase the number, consider zoning for passengers who want to use the ride-hailing app for the number of passengers during New Year's Eve 2023 during 29 Dec 2022 - 4 Jan2023 More than 2 million passengers are expected to pass through Suvarnabhumi Airport and AOT's airports, or an average of 300,000 passengers per day, while more than 12,000 flights are flowing through AOT's airports, with an average of more than 1,700 flights per day. For all passengers arriving from outside the national borders. The country is set to open from January 8, 2023. It is expected that from before the New Year, airlines will gradually request to resume flights. Preliminarily, it will resume flights to Bangkok. Chiang Mai and Phuket first, as well as charter flights that will arrive during Chinese New Year. It is expected that throughout 2023, Chinese tourists will pass through AOT's airports. About 7-10 million people This is up from before COVID-19. The relevant authorities will impose public health measures to support the travel of Chinese tourists.
Check it out! The Treasury announced the results of the State Welfare Card registration. Final Round|Ministry of Finance announces the final results of the State Welfare Card Program 2022 enrollment status An additional 3,538 cases can be verified through the website today (29 December 2022). Mr. Pornchai Thiravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Economy, as spokesman for the Ministry of Finance. The final results of the "Registration Status" of the project have been announced, which are the information of those who registered to amend their information during 20 – 23 December 2022. A total of 3,538 additional registrants have passed the verification and status showing "Enrollment Status Complete". For registrants whose status shows "Enrollment Status Incomplete", registrants will not be able to correct their information again because the correction period has ended. Registrants can check their enrollment status via the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th group registrants with complete enrollment status. The Ministry of Finance will send the information to the relevant agencies for qualification examination again, which will be announced later in the month. Registration under the scheme is an individual registration (registrant), but the qualification check will check both the individual and family members. In the first step, the qualifications of the registrants are checked according to the specified qualifications (individual criteria). If the registrant passes the family eligibility check, the registrant will be deemed to have failed the family eligibility check and the registrant will not be eligible under the scheme, a Ministry of Finance spokesperson said. It further stated that group registrants with complete registration status are requested to closely monitor the schedule for the announcement of clear qualification results from the Ministry of Finance for the benefit of registrants, and in the event that registrants fail to pass the qualification examination from the qualification inspection body, the Ministry of Finance will inform the schedule and procedure for appealing the results of the qualification examination. Registrants can follow the news and check the status of their enrollment through the website https:// State Welfare Card.mof.go.th or https://welfare.mof.go.th.
Thais and foreigners travel during the long weekend. |This new year may be the busiest in three years post-Covid, reflected by the long holiday travel. There are tourists both Thai and active travel. Foreign tourists are also coming in as well. Especially in popular tourist provinces, the new year may be the busiest in three years post-COVID, as reflected by the long holiday travel. There are tourists both Thai and active travel. Foreign tourists are also coming in as well. Especially the most popular tourist provinces in Bangkok and the surrounding areas are also bustling, people who do not go out to other provinces to spend leisure time with their families and come out to shop at shopping centers and tourist attractions in Thailand. There are both Thai and foreign tourists to travel on a busy holiday, both to shop and eat. Chairman of Taling Chan Floating Market Since the COVID-19 situation has eased and the country has reopened, 80 per cent of the tourists are foreign tourists, causing people in the area to earn more income but worried about China's reopening to Chinese tourists and wanting the government to find preventive measures to prevent the spread of COVID so that the economy can continue to move forward and the COVID pandemic does not recur and cause the market to stagnate again. Currently, the emphasis is on traders wearing masks because foreigners do not like to wear masks, but Thai tourists still wear masks which protect themselves to a certain extent. Taling Chan Floating Market Bangkok's vendors who sell at the market say they are worried about the opening up of Chinese tourists and want foreign tourists to visit Thailand. But we must find preventive measures for Mrs. Thippaporn Julpoe. Another vendor said she was not worried and wanted tourists to come in and believed they could protect themselves by wearing masks at some shopping centers in Nonthaburi province. Abdullah President of the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce and Chief Advisor to the Center for Economic and Business Forecasting New Year's Eve this year The spending value is expected to be 103,039 million baht. Highest in 3 years after the COVID-19 pandemic This is the highest growth in 17 years, and the number of purchases has started to return to near normal value, reflecting that the COVID-19 situation has ended for the Thai economy as people ease their worries and start planning more travel.
"Atta" is not worried about COVID, ready to receive Chinese tourists|The Secretary-General of the Association of Thai Travel Agents revealed measures to cope with tourists from China, not worried about COVID-19, reiterating that operators have received booster shots to build immunity today (January 5, 2023). Mr. Adit Chairattananon Secretary General, Association of Thai Travel Agents He told Thai PBS about the measures to deal with tourists from China, saying that he has now started to receive constant contact from Chinese businesses. Thailand has begun preparations to accommodate tourists, but initially there were many restrictions due to business shutting down some operations during the COVID-19 pandemic and China's abrupt lockdown announcement on Jan. 8, exceeding expectations of many who viewed it as a month. However, operators are looking forward to it, so operators have a certain level of readiness to accommodate tourists who will come in at the beginning in terms of unpreparedness. The main issue is the employee or staff who have been doing it. Many people have new careers to add. Getting back to work might not be so easy or fast. In the matter of tour guides or transportation vehicles of transport operators. There are many vehicles that require a period of restoration operations. Currently, 30-40% or more than 10,000 buses are in the system, but there is still a shortage of large driver workers. There has been talk since Thailand began unlocking the country, and large, medium and small hotels have started to revive from time to time, but most of them are entrepreneurs who have a certain level of strength in accessing capital in the system. However, small entrepreneurs still have problems with lack of access to funds, so they must urgently take steps to solve this problem. The pandemic will return. After the lockdown of Chinese tourists The secretary-general of the Association of Thai Travel Agents said that there is no such concern because Chinese people will prioritize health as a lifestyle and Chinese tourists who will arrive are healthy people and most of them have already been infected with COVID-19. Especially those who are not related to the tourism industry, emphasizing operators to provide services to tourists. Prepare for a booster shot to boost your immunity. Compliance with mask wearing, physical distancing, and surveillance Take precautions to ensure the safety of both yourself and tourists at the same time.
Check COVID-19 requirements for foreigners entering Thailand from January 9-31 |EGAT opens 7 requirements for foreigners flying into Thailand from January 9-31 Passengers aged over 18 years must present two doses of vaccine if they have previously had Covid-19. Must not be more than 6 months with health insurance Today (7 January 2023) Mr. Saksiam Chidchob The Transport Minister said that on January 6, 2023, the Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand (CAAT) issued an announcement. Thailand Entry Requirements for International Passengers Details are as follows: 7 such practices. Starting January 9 from 1:00 a.m. to January 31 at 4:59 p.m. Read related news "Dr. Yong" advises K-12 students to stop wearing masks. China underestimates COVID-19 situation by opening 4 public health measures to accept tourists into Thailand
NBTC Board Announces Qualified Satellite Bidders tomorrow |NBTC board postpones announcement of qualified candidates Satellite auction is tomorrow (January 10, 2023). Quote request some content revisions. Today (9 January 2022), reporters reported that today the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) has convened an agenda to announce the endorsement of qualified candidates. Bidding for the right to access the satellite orbit in a package manner will be held on January 15, 2023 as scheduled. Today, the NBTC board will make a statement after the meeting, but has recently requested to postpone the announcement to tomorrow and will schedule a board meeting. The NBTC board reasoned that there was a board meeting today, but the board resolved to postpone the announcement of the names. The NBTC originally announced that the auction date was January 8, 2023, but it was postponed to January 15, 2023 instead of the satellite auction competition. There are 3 companies: 1. Thaicom Co., Ltd., which is a major and has been operating Thai satellites and telecommunications for a long time.2 NT National Telecommunications Public Company Limited, a Thai state-owned enterprise NT merged between TOT and CAT Telecom Concession owner3.Prom Technical Services Co., Ltd., a new player in the satellite market. On January 6, 2023, the "National Telecommunications Companies Union Public Company Limited" and the "Thai Phakdi Group" gathered at the NBTC to oppose the NBTC's unprofitable satellite auction in favor of the capital group. Reiterate transparency in auctions 
First flight from Shanghai direct to Chiang Mai on January 18.|Chiang Mai Airport prepares to receive tourists from China, with the first direct flight from Shanghai to Chiang Mai on January 18 today (January 10, 2023). Mr. Vijit Tritium glass Director of Chiang Mai Airport, along with Chiang Mai Airport Management and representatives of relevant government agencies such as the International Communicable Disease Control Checkpoint. Immigration and Customs jointly review the area within the international terminal. By observing passengers arriving from Taipei in order to determine the process of passenger service to be as convenient and fast as possible, prepare for the increase in the number of international flights after China opens up. The director of Chiang Mai Airport said that at present, there are 11 direct international routes, namely Incheon, Singapore, Taipei, Luang Prabang, Da Nang, Hanoi, Hong Kong, Kuala Lumpur, Busan, Ho Chi Minh City and Yangon, operated by 12 airlines. Flights from mainland China will begin on January 18, with Junyao Airlines flying from Shanghai to Chiang Mai and Spring Air on January 20. Guangzhou-Chiang Mai In addition, there are 4 airlines that are in the process of applying for flight licenses. Beijing-Chiang Mai route Sichuan Airlines Chendu-Chiang Mai China Eastern Airlines Shanghai-Chiang Mai and Spring Air Shanghai-Chiang Mai in 2019, before the COVID-19 pandemic. There are a total of 19 direct routes to Chinese cities. There are an average of 4,000-5,000 Chinese passengers per day, and the number of Chinese passengers passing through the channel in 2019 was more than 1.78 million. For screening foreign passengers International Infectious Disease Control Chiang Mai Airport is ready to implement government measures by taking into account the safety and hygiene of passengers and operators, along with the convenience and speed of service, the new NOTAM notifies. Adjust travel requirements to Thailand, Chiang Mai tourism sector ready to accept Chinese tourists
SRT tests electric locomotive to save 60% energy|SRT launches Battery-electric locomotives The prototype car in the development of EV trains, which will be used to tow trains to Bangkok Apiwat Central Station, is environmentally friendly, saving up to 60% of energy costs compared to diesel locomotives. Target 2023 to have 50 locomotives today (11 Jan 2023) State Railway of Thailand (SRT) King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (KMITL) and Pure Energy Public Company Limited jointly test an electrically powered locomotive By towing a train of buses onto Bangkok Apiwat Central Station. The locomotive was the first prototype to develop an EV on Train system for use in the commutator system. By using electricity instead of fuel, Mr. Saksiam Chidchob The Transport Minister said the policy encourages the use of electric vehicles in Thailand. To reduce pollution and reduce greenhouse gases by 20-25% by 2030 according to government policies, including pushing the modern automotive industry (which is one of the 10 target industries that the government initially promoted. In the first phase, the railway will use the locomotive as a commuter service at Bangkok Apiwat Central Station to reduce pollution in the 2nd floor station building from long-distance buses that are also diesel trains for electric charging stations installed at Bang Sue area. To charge along the railway line to support the use of battery-electric locomotives to be attached to the trains, the hallmark of such battery-electric locomotives is to be used. Designed and manufactured with modern technology. Charge in 1 hour In the first phase, the battery can be swapped in less than 10 minutes to reduce the waiting time for charging and can be used in the transportation system.
Closing the legend of "Esso" after Bangchak successful merger negotiations|Esso is closing 58 years of legend in Thailand Withdrawal from oil retail Esso's gas stations and refineries This is about to become Bangchak's within 2 years. After the successful closing of negotiations yesterday, the competition of our home business has been steadily increasing. latest The oil business is about to undergo another transformation. Esso, which has invested in Thailand for nearly 60 years, sold its business to Bangchak on January 12, 2023. It is reported that within 2 years, 700 Esso pumps will be gradually converted to Bangchak pumps, Bangchak will have 2,100 pumps from Bangchak with only one refinery in Khlong Toei. From now on, Esso Sriracha Distillery at Laem Chabang will become the second Bangchak Distillery. Therefore, the total refining capacity has increased to more than 290,000 barrels/day, Bangchak estimates the proportion of retail oil that OR currently owns the market at 39%, PT is second, Bangchak is third when Bangchak and Esso will move up to second place, or the proportion of retail oil is 29.1%, which should intensify competition with big players than PTG executives or PT pumps, which currently have the number 2 pump number in Thailand. When the retail oil business is less profitable, competition is fierce. The parent company will have a policy to move the investment out. While most Thai pumps survive because of profits from non-oil businesses such as coffee shops, pump rental or other businesses, this may also give the government a better understanding of the oil industry. From now on, Bangchak must seek approval from shareholders at the April Annual General Meeting. Then they must submit a request for an opinion from the Competition Commission that it is not a monopoly of the market. At the same time, they have to wait for loans from financial institutions that will gradually pay off their shares in the second half of the year onwards.
D-Day, January 19, Bangkok Apiwat Central Station will accommodate 52 trains.|Check now! This January, the Prepare to change departure and destination stations Long-distance train from North, South, Isan to Bangkok Apiwat Central Station It is the largest railway station in ASEAN.

Today (17 Jan 2023) MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office said that the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) has changed the departure and destination stations of long-distance trains on the North, South, and Northeast lines. A total of 52 rapid trains arriving at Bangkok Apiwat Central Station at the ticket office will be fully operational from January 19, 2023. There are 18 ticket booths at Gate 4 and G level at the junction of the Red Line and Blue Line. Only passengers with long-distance train tickets You can wait for the long-distance train in the hall below the station to board the train on the platform 20 minutes before the departure time. Passengers are allowed to enter the platform area, while the long-distance train platform of Bangkok Apiwat Central Station is located on the 2nd floor at Gate 4 with 12 platforms. It supports long-distance trains. There are 8 platforms: Platforms 1 and 2 for Northern and Northeastern Trains (Outbound), Platforms 5 and 6 for Northern and Northeastern Trains (Inbound), Platforms 7 and 8 for Southern Trains (Outbound), Platforms 11 and 12 for Southern Trains (Inbound). There are 4 platforms: platforms 3 and 4 for Bangsue-Rangsit route, platforms 9 and 10 for Bangsue-Taling Chan route. SRT also grants passengers the right to use limited express train tickets. Express car. Fast car. Regular buses and monthly tickets can be used for boarding and landing. The Red Line will be free of charge within 1 year (conditions apply). You can use your monthly ticket to use the Red Line suburban train. Free of charge (subject to conditions). Long-distance train tickets are not sold at Chatuchak Station, Wat Samian Nari Station, Bang Khen Station, Thung Song Hong Station. Laksi Station, Housing Authority Station and Lak Hok Station For more information, please call 1690.
Department of Internal Trade Chinese New Year 66 "Fruits and vegetables" are not in short supply.|The Department of Internal Trade revealed that prices of fruits and vegetables during Chinese New Year fell from the New Year period. With the exception of papaya, which has been affected by the floods but has begun to enter the market, other vegetables and fruits are used as offerings. There is enough bustling public shopping. Reiterate that operators do not take advantage of price increases on January 19, 2023 mohammed abbasi Deputy Director-General, Department of Internal Trade The revelation was made after monitoring the situation of fruits and vegetables during Chinese New Year at Si Mum Muang Market and Thai Market. It is a large central market and wholesale area. It was found that both the Four Corners Market and the Thai Market had people shopping lively. Most vegetable prices have slightly revised up compared to 2022, but many fruit and vegetable prices have declined compared to the previous New Year festive season as fruit and vegetable supply returns to normal. No product is in short supply. With the exception of papaya, which is in short supply during this period, because during the past week (Jan 8-14), the amount of papaya production entering the market is low because the production sites were previously affected by flooding, Deputy Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade said. Fruit products imported from abroad Prices have risen slightly from last year. This was due to the rising cost of shipping imports from abroad and the exchange rate that was affected before the Chinese New Year, but sellers were able to sell their products actively. Provincial Commerce officials are requested to closely monitor the trading of fruits and vegetables related to Chinese New Year. In order not to take advantage of the price increase, the province has instructed provincial commerce to supervise the closure of the price tag for the sale of fruits and vegetables and ensure that the price is in line with the source of production, if the price tag is not closed, the sale of goods is punishable by a fine not exceeding 10,000 baht. If consumers witness an unreasonable price increase, they can report it to the hotline. Department of Internal Trade 1569 or provincial commercial offices nationwide.
MPC raises LPG prices This March  |MPC raises LPG prices in December This March After the volatile global gas price situation and reduce electricity bills, vulnerable groups will use no more than 300 units of electricity from 67.04 - 92.04 sat/unit for the period Jan-Apr 23.
 Today (20 Jan 2023) Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechow, Deputy Prime Minister and Energy Minister Revealed that the Energy Policy Management Committee (MPC) meeting Considering the current situation of LPG prices, the global market remains volatile, as of January 16, 2023, the price of imported LPG is USD 698 per tonne. It is comparable to the retail price of gas. LPG at about 450 baht per 15-kilogram cylinder while the domestic LPG retail price is 408 baht per 15-kilogram cylinder, affecting the liquidity of the Oil Fund, the LPG account is negative 813 million baht per month and the LPG fund position is negative 44,794 million baht. This will be closer to the oil fund's limit in respect of negative LPG accounts not exceeding 48 billion baht. The . Therefore, the LPG pricing guidelines have been reviewed as follows: 1. Agreed to maintain the wholesale price in front of LPG refineries at 19.9833 baht per kilogram (excluding VAT) with the target to keep the retail price of LPG at approximately 408 baht per 15-kilogram drum for another month, effective from 1-28 February 2023. 2. Adjusted the retail price of LPG by an additional 15 baht per 15-kilogram drum in March, which will be adjusted to the retail price of 423 baht per 15-kilogram drum, effective from 1-31 March 2023. For vulnerable household electricity users who use no more than 300 units of electricity per month, if they use 1-150 units of electricity, a discount of 92.04 satang per unit of electricity is used, a discount of 151-300 units of electricity is used, and a discount of 67.04 satang per unit of electricity is used.
Chinatown New Year payday - The Thai Chamber of Commerce expects 45 billion baht|Today's atmosphere at Leng Buai Aea Market in Chinatown. People come out to shop for things on a busy pay day. The Thai Chamber of Commerce estimates 45 billion baht today (20 January 2023). During Chinese New Year Leng Buai Aea Market is a popular place for Thais of Chinese descent to shop. Buy products including fresh, dry goods and various condiments. This year, the market is crowded from the beginning of the alley to the end of the alley. He said that this year is busier than in the past 2 years, although the prices of some products have increased somewhat. While the shopping atmosphere in some shopping centers found that people come to buy Chinese New Year products continuously, this Chinese-Thai person said that during Chinese New Year each year, it costs about 3-4 thousand baht. This year, the purchase of many offerings has been reduced as many items have risen significantly compared to the previous year, according to the Center for Economic and Business Forecasting, University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce. Reveal survey results Entrepreneurs' and citizens' views During Chinese New Year, spending during Chinese New Year in 2023 compared to 2022 increased. 38.4% were unchanged. 41.3 percent decrease 20.3% of spending during Chinese New Year in 2023 was due to higher product prices. 46.8 percent improved the economy. 25.4 per cent received an increase in bonuses at 14.5 per cent and others at 13.3 per cent. The price of offerings during Chinese New Year in 2023 compared to 2022 showed that it was more expensive. While the respondents perceived the price of offerings to be unchanged at 32.8 percent, when the price of offerings increased, 1 in 3 respondents still bought the same things because they had it once a year. Meanwhile, The respondents also adjusted their behavior by buying only the essentials, buying less quality items, and using leftovers from the previous year, while the Chinese New Year 2023 is estimated to be worth 45,017 million baht. In the period between 2020 and 2022, spending during Chinese New Year continued to slow down, and spending this year was more than 2021, spending about 44 billion baht. 55.1 per cent, less active than 4.4 per cent, quiet 0.6 percentChinese New Year spending is still K-shaped, with the recovery coming from middle-class and above, who are ready to spend more. Meanwhile, middle- and low-income earners remain cautious when shopping. However, an interesting point is that more than half of the money spent during Chinese New Year this year is spent on savings.       
The popularity of Chinese amulets and Thailand's opportunities|Thai amulets and amulets are popular and famous among Chinese tourists. Some hang as fashion accessories, the farthest are commercialization. Even the Chinese to open stalls to rent Thai monks abroad, old and new. It is not as important as faith in Buddhism and monks. That encourages "Zhao Peng" Mainland Chinese people have been actively studying and collecting Thai amulets for more than 14 years. Last year, the business was expanded. Opened an amulet center in Beijing and was recognized as a master of monks.12 The day after the Dragon Land reopens, it may still be too early to measure the leasing power of Chinese people back in our home amulet market. However, the trend of Thai auspicious objects has not yet faded, it is still the hope that the Thai amulet market among foreigners, especially Chinese. It can also grow if you classify sacred objects that Chinese people like to rent worship from our home. The first part is a talisman, such as a slag, bee color. The deities are very popular among the white mainland China, another part is the amulet. Thailand is the largest and unique market, or people in the amulet industry called Buddhist art, popular among Chinese from Hong Kong, Taiwan, as well as Chinese in Singapore, who have a Buddhist base similar to Thai people in the past, both rented to worship as a spiritual refuge. Even the Chinese went to open a stall to rent Thai monks abroad. Singaporean amulet rental businessman Saw an opportunity and invested in opening Thai amulet centers in many Chinese cities, including Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Chongqing. With the appreciation and charm of amulets that can be further commercialized in the field of Krisda. Thai Samran (Tom Nakhon Sawan) Amulet rental business owner Revealed that the amulet rental industry. Thailand sells 10,000 baht, they sell 30,000 baht. Some people may think that Thailand is already selling expensive, but if Thailand sells 100,000 baht, he sells 120,000 - 150,000 baht. Chinese pedigree heads of trade who leaped into the field of sacred objects. Opening the view of the Buddhist monks, he saw that it was not a concern because he believed in the unique art and science of Thai amulets that are unparalleled in the field of surrounding. For the long-term benefit, it is hard to deny that the large customer base The purchasing power and strong currency of the Chinese people. Create high economic value in the Thai auspicious goods market. Therefore, the modern amulet market is not only a matter of faith, spiritual value, history and beauty of Buddhist art, but also linked to Buddhist commerce, where investment and profit are involved.
"Chinese New Year" bustling "sweets and offerings" sell well, signs of economic recovery|Shops selling supplies and snacks are back in full swing, signs the economy is starting to recover. While Saimoo-Online Increasing new customer groupMr. Peerasorn Jiraphitchai The owner of the shop is so tied up. In Phlapplachai, Bangkok, he said that during the Lunar New Year festival, the sale of offerings is back in full swing. The situation is similar to pre-COVID-19 levels. In the country, both the general public and companies and shops are returning to shop more and more, which is a sign that the overall economy is beginning to recover. People began to come back to spend more, daring to spend more because various equipment is a relatively niche product, there is clearly better sales, the sales of the shop have been active since the last month. November - December last year (2022) continued until the Chinese New Year, which during this month was quite busy, until the closure of shops had to be extended from 17:00 to 20:00, as well as exported to neighboring countries Laos and Cambodia, which were sent in sufficient numbers. In addition, there is a new group of worshippers in addition to Thais of Chinese descent, namely Sai Mu, who are popular to pray for good fortune. For those who have never worshipped or performed Chinese ceremonies, prices range from 10 to thousands of baht. There will be both large and small sets that are arranged according to the needs of customers, and online channels are another channel that has increased orders accounting for about 20-40% of store sales. Meanwhile, the most popular Gong Tek paper will be clothing sets, accessories, smartphones, iPads, cars, the price will range from tens to almost thousands of baht. The prices are as follows: Condo 200 baht, Yacht 700 baht, Luxury car 400 baht, Massage chair 250 baht, Shabu pot 150 baht, Fan 100 baht. In addition to Chinese New Year, it is expected that this year during other festivals will gradually improve, such as Cheng Meng, Sart Chinese Day, Vegetarian Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival and Thanksgiving Day. The owner of another shop said that the shop in Soi Charoenchai 2 in Plubplachai district said that during the Chinese New Year festival, sales are quite good because both merchants in other provinces come to buy and resell, as well as customers who come to buy equipment to pay homage to the lord, which this year is back to shopping similar to pre-COVID-19 levels. The price of the product has moved up slightly because it does not want to affect customers. Meanwhile, the candy shops are equally bustling. Thais of Chinese descent have been shopping for snacks at the storefront and ordering through food delivery apps over the past week. Tub Tub, Sesame Pork Head Duck and chicken beans and sugar pagoda are the main dishes that many customers choose to pay their respects. Especially the pig's head tusk. Duck and chicken beans, which are molded like real meat, are popular among customers who worship vegetarian food as the main Natchanan Vikramvarasiri. The owner of the cake shop. He said that this year's sales were not much different from the COVID-19 period, but the buzz of people shopping has increased significantly. Cakes are another important part of Chinese ceremonies throughout the year to enhance the auspiciousness of life and worship the gods. Respect the ancestors themselves on Mrs. Warinthorn's side. Customers who come from Ramkhamhaeng area. And this year, they came to buy the same things, and this year saw that it was quite busy and set a budget of 10,000 baht. Fruits are also expensive. Meanwhile, the offerings were purchased in a small set, which cost more than 10,000 baht to purchase offerings and equipment.   
The tourism sector lacks labor and is not ready for Chinese tours.|Chinese tourists who come to Thailand during this period are only some of them will come even more. Feb. Chinese authorities allow Chinese tour groups to travel abroad. On February 6, Chinese authorities will allow Chinese tour groups to travel abroad for the third time, marking a long holiday period for the Chinese New Year in one corner, which should have a positive effect on the tourist atmosphere to return to life. But on the other hand, travel agencies and Thai guide businesses are not ready to support it. After a large shortage of service sector workers, the Thai PBS news team surveyed the atmosphere at Bali Hai Pier. There are tourists who embark on a boat to cross to Koh Larn. But most of them are Indian tourists. Meanwhile, Chinese tourists are still very few Pattaya-Koh Larn ferry operators. He said that the group of Chinese people visiting Pattaya is still very small. Despite China's opening, group tours have not yet arrived. Most of them are Chinese people traveling as families while the atmosphere at the Tiffany Theatre Show Pattaya has resumed its regular operations since the end of 2022, but the majority of visitors are Thai, European Union nationals. A group of Chinese people who travel on their own, but Alisa Pannusak Kunphin Tiffany's Show Pattaya Group President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Tiffany's Show Pattaya Co., Ltd., believes that foreign tourists should return to Thailand in the second quarter of this year. Approved tour companies to organize group tours abroad again in 20 countries, with Thailand being one of them. President, Association of Thai Travel Agents (ATTA) Given that, even if it's a good thing, But it must be admitted that the tourism business, both tour companies and guide businesses, is not ready because of the severe labor shortage. Each tourism sector is recruiting foreign workers to accommodate incoming Chinese tourists. Almost all businesses in the Thai industry are facing a labor shortage, and the private sector is worried that the lack will slow down the business recovery, which will negatively affect the growth of the Thai economy in the long run. It must serve to welcome tourists and take care of tourists at the same time. Such an employee. He said he needed to upskill his workers to perform other duties, such as taking orders for food ingredients in the kitchen, because the number of employees in the hotel was not enough. The number of returning tourists has increased from 250 employees to 180 because many of them have not yet returned to the service sector. Even as the COVID-19 pandemic eased hoteliers. Chonburi province admitted that hotel staff had to rotate to various positions because there was still a shortage of about 20-25 million workers, so before seeing the actual travel of tourists to Thailand in the second quarter of this year, entrepreneurs saw that the state must have a clear labor plan, such as easing the import of foreign workers, along with infrastructure management, especially adding airlines. If the labor force in the system is left lacking, it will increase the cost for businesses from competing for labor between regions, not just the service sector that faces labor problems, but other industries such as electric vehicles, tires, electronics. He said that this year will see businesses invest at least 100 billion baht in the EEC, but Thailand has returned to the problem of insufficient skilled labor and the cost of the business sector continues to rise, including interest and electricity bills. If it still leaves a shortage. In addition to increasing labor costs for the private sector. As a result of providing sufficient labor, business recovery slowed down for Feb. 6 onwards. Chinese authorities will reopen Chinese tour groups to travel abroad. By designating 20 destination countries such as Thailand, Indonesia, Cambodia, Maldives, Sri Lanka, etc., it is the first time that Chinese group tours have been opened in 3 years.
Good news! Cabinet knocks 5.6 lakh rights "We Travel Together Phase 5" starts in February.|Cabinet gives green light to "We Travel Together Phase 5" project with 560, 000 rights to be applied from February to September The government helps with accommodation costs 40%, Voyager 600 baht does not help with air tickets. Today (24 Jan 2023) Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakan The Minister of Tourism and Sports said that the meeting The Cabinet approved 3,946 million baht. To carry out the project. We Travel Together Phase 5 2,016 million baht with 40% room allowance of 560,000 rights (room per night) up to 3,000 baht Limited to 5 privileges per person (room per night) 600 baht e-voucher expenses without airfare support Like, phases 1-4 will be able to operate from a month. The validity period is until September. Tourism Stimulus Program to Revive Thailand's Economy To stimulate domestic tourism in Thailand with Thai and foreign tourists. Increase in domestic tourism with a total credit limit of Baht 1,930 million. The project aims to help drive and support tourism revenue generation to meet the target. Participants will be exempt from personal income tax as well as We Travel Together Phase 4 in line with the project's objectives aimed at increasing spending and economic circulation in the tourism sector as well as alleviating the burden of the people. Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited Provide a system to display the number of rooms of each hotel. If the number of rooms booked exceeds the number of rooms listed. The system will be able to limit bookings by providing TAT branch offices in Thailand operate and in order to prevent exaggerated room rates, it must be clearly stated in the consent form. What does the tiger poem say? DEC waits 7 days to know the dust test results of Bangkok Central Station Apiwat, the capital city of criminals invade - close - blockade of Thailand
Business prepares to welcome Chinese tourists to Thailand on February 6|Take me to explore Lat Krabang Business prepares for Chinese tourists Entering Thailand Feb. 6 after China allowed entrepreneurs The president of the Association of Tourist Guides stated that tour operators and guides are ready but worried that the "zero-dollar tour" will return today (February 1, 2023). The news team went to the area to investigate Lat Krabang. Start to see the buzz. Tourists start to enter the Chinese capital Jewelry Company Chinese restaurants are accelerating restaurant renovations and there are many job postings. In Lat Krabang area, there are many job postings such as kitchen staff, waitresses, salespeople. Many restaurants are undergoing renovations after being closed for a long time due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Locals say that before COVID, Chinese restaurants in the area were bustling with Chinese tours. As a result, many shops are closed. It is now gradually reopening for renovation, waiting for Chinese tourists to arrive this month. Some restaurants have already reopened, such as Chinese restaurants that mainly accept Chinese tours. From observation, there are tourist buses gradually coming in and out. Recently, tourists from other countries have also visited Vietnam, while a popular tourist attraction called snake farms has also reopened, including jewelry shops. Many more. There are not as many tourist shuttles in and out of Mae as before Covid. Miss Thitirat Sirikham The chicken noodle vendor said that there are now more foreign tourists. Speaking to drivers who eat in the restaurant, he said that from February 6, more Chinese tourists will come. Many companies involved in accepting Chinese tourists are employing a large number of employees. Jewelry shopMr.Viroj Sitprasertanan President, Professional Tour Guide Association of Thailand He said that both the guide and the tour operator are now ready to accommodate tourists, which has been prepared since January, while waiting to see the clarity of the price agreement, but there are concerns that the system will enter the original zero-dollar tour, but in the past, the entry of Chinese tour groups always use Chinese guides sandwiched, which is a contributing factor in this system. Related NewsHuai Khwang District Office orders renovation of 15 shops of Chinese capital, Chinese capital invades "Chinatown-Sampeng" thick money - using migrant workers
Try "HOP Card", EV bus tickets, pilot 38 routes|"Saksiam" pilots "HOP Card" EV bus tickets piloting 38 routes of Thai Smile Group pointed out that the BMC aims to fine 250 buses to run. I can't expect this government. Today (30 Jan 2023) Mr. Saksiam Chidchob The Transport Minister said after presiding over the opening ceremony of electric buses No. 38 on Thai Smile Group's route that NGV buses will be converted to 100% electric buses (EV buses) for the plan to load into the system last year, launching 1,250 EV buses on 77 routes from a total of 122 concession routes. This year, the company plans to expand the service by 1,850 units, which is expected to be completed in 2020. Meanwhile, the Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) aims to have 250 EV buses, or 10% of the total 2,500 buses, operating on 107 routes, but is currently in the procurement process (TOR). The conversion of 5,000-7,000 buses to 100% EV buses must be completed within 3 years to support Thailand's drive towards Net Zero with clean, modern and environmentally friendly technology. Agree to HOP Card or e-ticket It is used in the same way as a joint ticketing system. If the private sector could do it, the joint ticketing system would not be able to keep up with this government. Miss KULPORNPAT WONGMAJARPINYA The Chief Executive Officer of Thai Smile Group said that Smart Bus' NGV buses that use natural gas as fuel are currently in the process of being converted into 100% electric buses. Switch to HOP Card for use in the car network and electric passenger boats in Bangkok and vicinity to spend on rides from today. 
"Department of Fisheries" threatens to suspend private license to promote "jade fish" menu|"Department of Fisheries" threatens to suspend private license to promote "jade fish" menu He pointed out that there has been a request for a culture permit since 2018 through the IBC board, the conditions of the closed system, allowing only frozen fish, threatening if publicized before allowing fishing, the license will be suspended. While today was launched at the Agricultural Fair, people tasted buying frozen fish in case the company launched the jade grouper commercial experiment, but the question arises that the jade grouper is one of the alien species that the Department of Fisheries has issued a ban on importing, prohibiting culture, today (February 3, 2023). Mr. Chalermchai Suwanrak Director General of the Department of Fisheries said that Charoen Pokphand Foods Public Company Limited The Company applied for permission from the Department of Fisheries to import jade grouper (Jade perch) for aquaculture research studies in 2018, which after the experimental period dissected all the fish into fish meat, leaving only 40 pairs of breeders. As of Apr2022 Mr. Chalermchai said that the Department of Fisheries has granted permission to conduct research studies through the resolution of the Committee on Diversity and Biosafety of the Department of Fisheries (IBC), which must be subject to the conditions specified by the Department of Fisheries, i.e. for research purposes only. The Company must operate only in the area permitted by the Department of Fisheries and the movement of live fish from the permitted area is strictly prohibited. To conduct market research. The Department of Fisheries permits the sale of only non-living products such as frozen fish and only allows them to be sold through the channels of affiliates as proposed by the Company, such as CP Fresh Mart, Lotus Makro. The research study must be reported to the Department of Fisheries for acknowledgement at all stages and the results of the complete research study must be submitted to the Department of Fisheries after the investigation found that the Company's press release was carried out in addition to the framework of the research project proposed by the Company to the Department of Fisheries for permit, and there was public relations and marketing by selling jade grouper commercially before reporting to the Department of Fisheries. Visit the Agricultural Fair At the Innovation and Fishery Products booth, CPF found that CPF had sold frozen jade grouper products and processed them into food menus for participants to taste and take home, such as steamed jade fish with soy sauce. It is not fishy, the texture is firm and very fresh. Even through freezing. As for the dramatic news, it is forbidden to import fish. Pornkhuntod, general manager of Charoen Pokphand Foods Co., Ltd., said that the company has been researching jade fish for 7 years through the official authorization process from the Department of Fisheries and the condition is that there will be no sale of non-dead fish, but only frozen fish will be processed. Each production lot needs to be checked for stock, and the concern is whether jade fish will reproduce in the environment if they fall out into the environment. Mr. Sombat said that jade fish have very little chance of survival in nature, it is a fish from cold climates, it is difficult to raise in a closed system, and may be hunted from native fish without predators and farmed with ready-made food systems. Read related news "Jade fish" 1 out of 13 alien species banned from importing into Thailand  
Good news! 20 satang per egg price is effective today.|Good news! Eggs will be reduced by 20 satang per egg or 6 baht per stall effective today, for the first time in 1 month. Today (February 4, 2023), reporters reported that the network of egg farmers cooperatives consists of Eight Riew Egg Farmers Cooperative Limited, Chonburi Egg Farmers Cooperative Limited, Chiang Mai-Lamphun Egg Farmers Cooperative Limited and Noi River Valley Egg Farmers Cooperative. Cooperative members and egg farmers have announced the price reduction of mixed eggs in front of the farm by 20 satang per egg or 6 baht per stall (30 eggs) from 3.60 baht to 3.40 baht per egg. This is a one-month price move since the price hike on January 6, which was increased by 20 satang per egg or 6 baht per panel, while if you go back to 2022, the price of chicken eggs at 3.40 baht per egg has just been lowered in November 2022. As a result of the increase in productivity due to the climate suitable for laying hens, the price of chicken eggs was reduced from August 2022 at 3.50-3.60 baht per egg, which is the same as the current read related news "Eggs" price increase by 20 satang per egg. 
Farmers are demanding a new government to solve household debt seriously.|The countdown to the new election begins. Political parties have begun to launch policies to win votes. Another important base is the 4.5 million peasant households. Their livelihoods were not seriously freed from debt on Feb. 4, 2023. Reporters visited 20 rai of fragrant rice fields in Nong Chok, Bangkok, and invested 50,000 baht, not including fertilizers and pesticides. Started borrowing to invest in 2015 with principal amount of more than 1,000,000 baht and interest of more than 40,000 baht until today for 7 years. Still can't get out of debt. Nowadays, rice can only be paid with interest, although in the past, there were various policies to help farmers, such as pledge or income insurance, as a temporary help. He wants the new government to solve the problem seriously. President of Thai Farmer and Farmers Association According to the report, farmers are the main voice of all governments because there are 4.5 million households, according to the Puai Economic Research Institute. Ngphakorn According to the report, agricultural households have a high debt burden. According to the Bank's loan data in 2018, 50 percent of more than 4.5 million Thai farmer households have debts of more than 200,000 baht, 20 percent have more than 400,000 baht, and most importantly, 54 percent of these households are in debt relief or debt restructuring programs.
Huaykwang hotel business hits 70% bookings for China tour|Hotel Business - Accommodation in Huai Khwang Rebound as Taiwanese and Chinese tourists return to Thailand 70% of bookings found, operators rush to renovate rooms After China, people are allowed to travel. Group tours are allowed in 20 countries, including Thailand, bringing the hotel business in Huai Khwang district back to life, both small and large, with occupancy rates exceeding 70% today (February 8, 2023). It was found that the 3-star hotel on Pracharat Bamphen Road, Huai Khwang District, was gradually renovated to accommodate the increasing number of tourists. Currently, there are 57 rooms out of a total of 114 rooms that can be opened to tourists, 90% of which are Chinese tourists who come by themselves. CMYK, Pracharat Bamphen Road, said there are now positive signs. After China allowed its citizens to leave the country. The 4-star hotel along Ratchadapisek Road, with 118 rooms, saw an average occupancy of 75-80%. Ketunima, General Manager, Graph Hotel He said that hotels in Huai Khwang district are now bustling with foreign tourists coming to stay continuously. Most of them come to visit on their own. Taiwanese are currently the most, followed by China, Korea and Japan, but in March there will be an increase in Chinese tourists as 10 tour groups arrive but smaller due to flight restrictions. Mr. Jetwong said the number of tourists is increasing. For example, this hotel needs receptionists, technicians, restaurant staff, etc., assessing that the demand for personnel in the hotel business on Ratchadapisek Road is more than 100 rates. In 2023, the number of Chinese tourists to Thailand is expected to reach 4.65 million, and it is possible that daily flights from China to Thailand may increase more than threefold, but spending may not increase from pre-COVID-19 levels due to rising airfares and insurance. 
Flower Market-Traders-Labor Valentine Receiver Recovery|Pak Khlong Flower Market Recovery after COVID-19 To welcome Valentine's Day, nearly 800 stall returnees, tourists come to buy flowers, stimulate the economy, workers earning close to 500 baht. It's bustling again. After the COVID-19 pandemic eased There are vendors and the general public come to buy flowers vigorously. managing director Yodpiman Market - Pak Khlong Talat  He said that during the COVID-19 pandemic, the market was quiet but is now starting to recover. After the state relaxed measures, including the reopening of the country. The economy is getting better. About 800 flower vendors have returned to sell near normal and believe that within this year they will return to normal in line with the economic recovery of Pak Khlong Talat This has resulted in a large number of employment, whether it is labor of hundreds of garlands. Flower cart workers earn better income. Yodpiman Market said that the income from pushing around 20-40 baht makes a daily income of about 500-600. He said the flower business is busier this year than last year because it can hold events and weddings as usual, as well as festivals, increasing the demand for flowers. Owner of Jira Flower Shop Pak Khlong Talat He said he hasn't recovered 100% before COVID yet, but he's back. Festivals are already in full swing and events and weddings are still accepted. Mrs. Lakana Chanmul said that the trend of the flower business has become more competitive. There are Chinese people renting commercial buildings. The opening of flower shops has affected Thai people because they sell at a cut price, now there are about 20 flower shops owned by Chinese but employed by Thai people, from about 10 shops in the past, causing Thai traders to adapt, such as selling online. Acquiring more loyal customers
"Expensive electricity bills" Impact on public-private spending hijacks state "reduce electricity bills"|Although prices are now starting to stabilize, the increase in electricity bills from the beginning of 2023 has made people wary of spending. Meanwhile, the private sector asked the government to consider reducing electricity bills on February 8, 2023. Mr. Kriengkrai Theannukul The Chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) said that the automatic variable electricity tariff (FT) is of the view that the current energy price structure has been decreasing continuously, which will have a positive effect on the review of electricity tariffs in the business sector than at present. Effects of global geopolitical battles and COVID-19 issues Unraveling even some are worried about a global economic recession. Foreign direct investment (FDI) attractants are relocating amid fierce competition from the prospect of a global economic recession. Investors mainly consider the lowest cost. Whether it is electricity bills, labor costs, labor skills, and there is no chaos in the country, the president The FTA said it had spoken to foreign investors. Latest Investor Meeting in UAE Show interest in investing or joint venture with Thailand because Thailand has many advantages, but the electricity bill is much higher compared to Vietnam, 2.88 baht per unit, which will affect the competition even lower. Indicates that the price of goods has begun to ease. Some products have already started to decline, such as fresh food. If you buy in a department store, the price will be cheaper than buying in the market. Pork, chicken, as well as some brands of shampoo, but there are many products that are still expensive, such as milk powder, diapers for adults. He wants the state to take care of the cost of living. Utility bills have also risen, such as electricity bills. According to a survey of product prices in some department stores, products with reduced prices such as bottled palm oil at 45 baht per bottle, chicken on the hips at 69 baht per kilogram, and pork with red meat. 149 baht per kilogram. Jasmine rice 5 kilograms is 140-235 baht per bag. He said that the cost of bagged rice production has risen, but operators are unable to adjust the price much due to the highly competitive market for bagged rice. How much will be adjusted depends on each manufacturer, but it still does not exceed the face price of consumer purchasing power during COVID-19. In the past 3 years, especially jasmine rice, sales have declined, but switch to consuming white rice, fragrant rice Pathum Thani more. The outlook for rice consumption this year is believed to improve. Post-COVID The country has opened up and consumer purchasing power has begun to recoverRead other newsCold storageFrozen food suffers heavily - Electricity bills skyrocket Trang pig farmers worried about falling pig prices Won the state to prevent smuggling, do not believe the SMS Click the link "We travel together Phase 5" The project has not started yet.
China winches to buy condos, hopes to stay long after opening the country|Investment signals of Chinese capital have changed, especially in the property market that is not bought for speculation. Chinese group buying property in Thailand for long-term living "Huai Khwang district" is one of the areas where Chinese people are interested in buying real estate, such as the 29-storey condominium project with 477 rooms under construction that will be completed in 2024 and is about to build another project next to it, a 31-storey condominium with 450 units. He said more than 60 per cent of the project had been sold, 20 per cent of which were Chinese nationals who came to buy it because of its proximity to the Chinese embassy. Convenient to travel. Most of the buyers are investors in Thailand, who have high purchasing power, while merchants who live in the area say the return of Chinese people has led to rising housing and rent prices. The 2-storey commercial building on Pracharat Bamphen Road was originally 5,000,000-6,000,000 baht, but now the price has jumped to 10,000,000-15,000,000 baht, according to Mr. Wichai Wiratkapan. Government Housing Bank (GHB) Ombudsman and Acting Director of the Real Estate Information Center said that he has seen signs of Chinese buying Thai properties since the end of 2022 and expects the second half of 2023 to increase further. Thailand is one of the targets, especially in Ratchada, Huai Khwang, Sukhumvit, and provinces in the EEC, and estimates that in 2023, the amount of Chinese ownership transfers will increase, or about 80 billion baht. from the total ownership transfer amount of Baht 1,000,000 million. One of the advantages will reduce the problem of condominium oversupply. However, on the other hand, it will cause real estate prices to rise and make it difficult for Thais to access, so the government is proposing to collect an extra charge from selling real estate to foreign groups in order to establish a fund. For the overall real estate outlook in 2023, Mr. Wichai estimated that ownership transfers will slow down by 10.2 percent from last year, with transfer amounts reaching 1 billion baht, but prices will rise by 5-10 percentRead more newsGuru points to Thailand's recovery to receive 30 million tourists, pushing GDP growth to 3.8% in 2023 Cabinet knocks land pedal fee of 150-300 baht per person starting June 1
Affect! km open channel 2 people set up a company to support Start Up|Good news, the law allowing 2 individuals to register as a limited company has come into effect, making it easier to open a small business or start-up that will have a positive impact on the economy in the long run. Today (17 February 2023) Miss TRISULI TRISORNANAKUL The Deputy Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office said that the Civil and Commercial Code Amendment Act (No. 23) was announced in the Government Gazette on November 8, 2022. The law has also been updated to be in line with the changing technology by defining the method of meeting directors to be able to conduct the meeting via electronic media, while the sending of the notice calling the general meeting has been prescribed in 2 cases according to the type of share certificate. In addition, there are other provisions that facilitate flexibility, such as requiring the Memorandum of Association to be terminated in the event that the company registration is not carried out within 3 years, which will benefit other entrepreneurs who want to use the same company name as the company that has registered the Memorandum of Association, as well as the provision on the merger of companies that can be combined in 2 ways: the merger (merger to form a new legal entity) and the merger of the company (one company remains a juristic person and the other company ceases to be a juristic person). Previously, only the nature of the merger was available. This provision reduces the burden of not having to register or operate in connection with a new juristic person when a merger is required. There is a provision to protect shareholders by stipulating that the dividend payment period must be completed within 1 month from the date of the general meeting or the directors voted from the original unstipulated resolution, which will protect the rights of minority shareholders to receive more dividends. For those interested in legal matters, please click on the following link to learn more details https://bit.ly/3kaj69E 
Explore the fruit and vegetable market and find a lot of imports from China.|Explore Million City Market Chiang Rai province found many entrepreneurs bringing fruits and vegetables imported from China. By passing through the Chiang Khong checkpoint to sell many stores even though the past is still in the period of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, border trade in Chiang Khong district of Chiang Rai province has expanded and grown by leaps and bounds. In the survey of the retail and wholesale markets, Chinese fruits and vegetables were found to be sold in large numbers, but traders insisted that they did not affect Thai fruits and vegetables. By passing through Chiang Khong checkpoint at the 4th Thai-Laos Friendship Bridge connecting Chiang Khong district, Chiang Rai province with Huay Sai town, Bo Kaeo province. Laos is bustling with exports, most of which are still fresh fruits, fuel, etc. Fresh fruits remained the No. 1 product, followed by fresh vegetables, resulting in a trade value of 53 billion baht in 2022. This is a higher figure every year while surveying the million city market. San Sai Subdistrict, Mueang Chiang Rai District, Chiang Rai Province, which is another large retail and wholesale market of fruits and vegetables of Chiang Rai province and of the northern region, found that many shops have brought fruits and vegetables imported from China. By passing through Chiang Khong checkpoint to sell a number of stores. Traders of vegetables imported from China In the past, fruits and vegetables were transported to markets in the central region before being sold back to the market. However, there are currently 3 border trade checkpoints in Chiang Rai, Chiang Saen and Mae Sai, which in 2022 the total trade value is considered to be at an all-time high. The total trade value of the 3 stages is more than 90,000 million baht, in addition to the skyrocketing products of fruits and vegetables. Fuel and building materials products are also exported as well because of the Chinese capital's urbanization in Laos and Myanmar. Chiang Rai
Longan "crooked green" way to survive gardeners  |Efforts to promote longan varieties as marketable There is no yield left to throw away like the original variety "Longan variety Edo ". If you set up a problem from durian Muang Nont that there is not enough to sell. Today, the answer seems to be longan varieties of green beower of Lamphun province, farmers in Ban Pa Sao. Umong Subdistrict, Mueang Lamphun District, Lamphun Province, grows green longan varieties which are characterized by thick flesh, dry crispy, small seeds, and sell well in the type that has how much is sold out of the longan season that farmers in many areas have to cut down trees. Because no one buys it. Against this species of longan. Because the garden front sells at a high price. It is also a longan variety that has been certified as a GI product or geographical indication of Lamphun province with the current longan variety that is popular in the north, especially Lamphun and Chiang Mai provinces. Mr. Sutin Dee Umong, Kaset of Mueang Lamphun District, said that in order to solve the problem, efforts have been made to encourage the cultivation of more green varieties. As an alternative to solve the problem of price for gardeners, the green longan variety will be released to the market during the month. Currently, there are still few farmers planting. Only of the community enterprise group conserves and produces longan crooked green Ban Pa Sao. Lamphun province, which has 23 members, this year has produced almost 5 tons, still not enough to sell. Therefore, it is considered another option for gardeners. 
Chiang Mai revises "Premium" tourism model to increase revenue|Post COVID-19 More tourists come to Chiang Mai. Since then, tourism has changed. It used to be a large group tour, but now it's a small group and is ready to pay more for privacy and high-end service.
Last week, there were 25 direct flights from China to Chiang Mai. Pre-COVID-19, there were 35 flights a day, which is a significant increase in the number of Thai tourists from pre-COVID-19. But today come in a small group with friends or family. Most of them are willing to pay more. To want that privacy though. Capt. Santipong Bulyalert, Tourism and Sports, Chiang Mai Indicates that high-end service is good value for money. Therefore, Chiang Mai Tourism has adjusted its travel plans by controlling the number not to increase from the pre-COVID-19 figure of about 3-4 million people. But want to have more income from tourism, tourism and sports in Chiang Mai. Accept that when the tourism pattern changes, Community attractions also need to adapt. In addition, it must create a link to create a one-stop tourism such as car rentals, accommodation to receive tourists into Chiang Mai, can coordinate each tourist attraction. Manage premium services Meet the new tourism needs. The company aims to increase tourism revenue by about 10% from 2022, which is considered a small target because it wants to market quality and not affect the environment. Read related news "Red Car Teen" Tour - Free Photographer Increase the choice of tourists to explore the market of fruits and vegetables, found imported from China, a lot of Chinese tourists. Hope helps revive the economy Chiang Mai 
Repeat, do not click the "Bank" link.|The Bank gradually adjusted the system to notify money transfers and send messages. Intercept fraudsters Meanwhile, the Thai Bankers' Association reiterated that they do not click on any links or enter any codes. Fraudsters impersonate financial institutions and logos Tricking people into clicking on links and following conditions, which caused a lot of damage as recently as February 20, 2023. Announcement to cancel sending short messages or SMS with a link to a product promotion message attached. From February 20 onwards, Krungthai Bank has reminded the public that if they receive an SMS with a link attached, it will not be a message from the Bank, unless financial service users request information through the Bank's channels directly, as well as Krungthai Bank. Previously, only the date, time, and number of the account on which the transaction was made. Outgoing amount and balance Change to display more transaction details, including recipient account name Transaction type Transaction account and destination account name to help account holders know faster. If there is a malfunction while the Security Coordination Center The Information Technology of the Banking Sector (TB-CERT) reminds the public not to be fooled by advertisements inviting love, fear and pretend to get discounts or free items, which are all scammers. The Thai Bankers' Association is in the process of coordinating with the Bank of Thailand, the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society, the NBTC and related agencies to draft rules or laws under the Cybersecurity Protection Act. But while the law is not yet enforced. The user must check that the smartphone is allowed unknown applications. Request a license to use Accessibility Service, which if so, immediately disable or revoke the privilege to prevent access and control of smartphone commands on behalf of usersRead other newsMeta Be prepared to charge for the "blue check mark" On Facebook-IG bot orders banks to adjust identity verification system Hoping to intercept the account of the frog horse B. warn not to be fooled by scammers pretending to deceive investors
Cabinet gives green light to "Million Homes Phase 3" to apply for loan until 30 December 2025|Cabinet approves million house project Phase 3: 20,000 million baht THOS supports 3% fixed interest loans for the first 5 years with a maximum credit limit of 1,500,000 baht per person per collateral today (February 21, 2023). Mr. Akhom Toppittayapaisit The Finance Minister revealed that the Cabinet has approved the Government Housing Bank's (Million Homes Project Phase 3), which is a continuation of the Million Homes Project. Phase 2 with full credit limit with 22,240 loan approvals amounting to Baht 19,937.46 million. Proportion of people approved for loans under the Million Homes Project Phase 2 has spread across the credit line below 500,000 baht 11 percent, 500,001 - 1,000,000 baht 47 percent and 1,000,001 - 1,500,000 baht 42 percent, with 36 percent and 64 percent in Bangkok metropolitan area and regional provinces respectively for the Million Homes project. Phase 3 has a project credit limit of 20,000 million baht. The Bank of Thailand supports loans for people who want to have their own housing at a fixed interest rate of 3% during the first 5 years, with a maximum approval limit of 1,500,000 baht per person per collateral and a maximum loan term of not more than 40 years. Special holidays according to the Cabinet - Maternity leave 98 days Cabinet approves budget for purchase of 96 Pattani fishing boats for 163 million baht Do not click the "Bank" link.
SRT confirms transparent bid for "Orange Skytrain" challenge Chuvit to open evidence of change|Information at "Chuvit" Citing fraudulent bidding for the Orange Line may benefit private individuals, the governor insisted the auction process was transparent and passed court checks, challenging real evidence to be revealed today (February 21, 2023). Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit noted that the tender process for the Orange Line bidding project may be fraudulent. Mr. Chuvit brought a large sign showing the information on the opening of the construction tender. "MRT Orange Line" Mr. Chuvit said that for the contest to recruit contractors to carry out the construction of the "MRT Orange Line" of MRT, the Ministry of Transport is the minister in charge. There are several peculiarities. In particular, the modification of the Draft Scope of Work (TOR) Guidelines after the price envelope has been opened, with higher technical scores, leading to a lawsuit from the Administrative Court continuing to observe that the project has been linked to private individuals. In order to get change and use it to fund the next election of certain political parties? There may be up to 30,000 million baht in change. Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (MRT) Governor Pakapong Sirikandarmat confirmed that the bid has been completed and the Attorney General's Office has reviewed the draft JV agreement under Section 41. In the case filed by Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited or BTSC, the case was submitted to the Minister of Transport and the Cabinet for approval of the results of the selection of private venture capital for the case pending litigation on the revision of the 1st Regulation on February 16, 2023. The Supreme Administrative Court concluded that the cancellation of the private selection of SRM was justified by the facts and the law. Currently, the case is pending in the Supreme Administrative Court to decide on the issue of whether the actions of the SRM and the Select Committee are in favor of any person and are unlawful practices. There is a prosecution case in the Central Criminal Court for corruption and misconduct. The court heard the case and found that the SRM Governor and the Select Committee acted in accordance with the authority and duties prescribed by law. It is not beneficial and does not dishonestly perform or omit to perform duties. Therefore, the judge dismissed the case if Mr. Chuvit had any evidence about the change. Present it to relevant agencies for investigation. If Mr. Chuvit does not have evidence and causes damage to The legal department is ready to prosecute the case furtherRelated news "Chuvit" 4 sizes of online gambling unveils new character "Tee Noi hundred million"  
Czech 9 items Cabinet gives green light to income tax exemption in '65 |Czech 9 items Cabinet gives green light to personal income tax exemption in 2022, says there is still time to file tax until the end of March On 21 Feb 2023 Miss TRISULI TRISORNANAKUL The Deputy Spokesman of the Prime Minister's Office said that the Cabinet meeting Approved the draft Ministerial Regulation No. . Issued in accordance with the Revenue Code as exemption from personal income tax on contributions. Remuneration or any other benefit received from the state in the 2022 tax year. and remuneration from the government as assessable income that is exempt from personal income tax calculation. The items are as follows: Ms. Traisuli said that the income tax exemption for personal income according to this ministerial regulation will help ease the burden on the people. Increase morale among personnel working on the COVID-19 pandemic Helping professionals affected by rising energy prices In addition, the deadline for filing personal income tax returns for the 2022 tax year is between the month. Jan-Mar The Ministry of Finance therefore issued such a ministerial regulation during this period, the Ministry of Finance reported that personal income tax revenue. All of the above grants are not already in the FY2022 revenue projection. The Ministry of Finance will collect approximately 7,931 million baht in taxes, however, the personal income tax exemption under this ministerial regulation will support domestic consumption to expand. It has a positive effect on the country's economy. Support the consumer goods business sector as well as other related businesses. It boosts the morale of personnel involved in caring for the COVID-19 pandemic and helps entrepreneurs affected by energy prices.
ETA approves "free expressway" 2 Songkran Festival 12-18 April|The Board of Directors approved the exemption of toll fees for "Burapha Withi" and "Bangplee-Suksawat" during Songkran Festival from April 12-18 today (February 22, 2023). Mr. Sorapong Paitoonpong Deputy Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Transport As Chairman of the Expressway Authority of Thailand (ETA) It was stated that the Board of Directors' meeting Approved the exemption of toll collection on 2 expressways, namely Burapha Withi Expressway (Bangna-Chonburi Expressway) and Kanchanapisek Expressway (Bangplee-Suksawat Expressway) from 00.01 a.m. on April 12, 2023 to 12.00 a.m. on April 18, 2023, for a total of 7 days, in order to facilitate travel and reduce the burden of expenses during the Songkran Festival. This will cause the EGAT to lose about 105 million baht in toll revenue. The EGAT will propose the Ministry of Transport for import at the Cabinet meeting for approval. Approved the exemption of toll fees for Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) buses that provide shuttle bus service between Bangkok Station (Hua Lamphong) - Bangkok Apiwat Central Station (Bang Sue Central Station) at Hua Lamphong Expressway Toll Gate. and toll gates in Phahonyothin district. 2nd additional for a period of 6 months from 19 January - 18 July 2023Read more newsCzech 9 items Cabinet gives green light to income tax exemption in 2022 Announcement of qualified "State Welfare Card" 1 This March, 14 million people.
"Saksiam" is not worried, "Chuvit" to invade the ministry, challenge to find all the evidence.|"Chuvit" Preparing to invade the Ministry of Transport on February 24, press conference on the Orange Line to arrive at the place, while "Saksiam" claims to be attached to the government and recommends to see a doctor and find evidence in the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former politician. He said that on February 24 at 1 p.m., he will attack the Ministry of Transport today (February 23, 2023). Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Minister of Transport He stated that he was not in the ministry tomorrow because he had to go to the provincial government by assigning the permanent secretary of the Ministry of Transport to receive the complaint. Therefore, please bring all the evidence, the reporter asked if Mr. Chuvit is ready to talk or not. Mr. Saksiam He said he did not need to talk, but asked to see the law and clarification of the Ministry of Transport first. If you are not convinced, wait for the decision of the Supreme Administrative Court, Mr. Saksiam. He confirmed that he was not worried because he followed the legal regulations of the Council of Ministers and good governance. After this, they must wait for the end of the judicial process before bringing it to the meeting. Related News Minister "Chuvit" unfolds 4 sizes of online gambling, launches new character "Tee Noi hundred million", SRM confirms bid "Orange Skytrain" transparent, challenges Chuvit to open evidence of change "Saksiam" to "Chuvit" without corruption - threatens to contempt of court
Expected Month Apr. "Lemon in front of the garden" The most expensive is 7-8 baht per ball.|Inclement weather and the onset of summer As a result, the price of lemons this year has skyrocketed since the beginning of the season. Gardeners expect a month. This April, the price will jump to 7-8 baht per ball. Damnoen Saduak Gradually harvest the produce to the Thai market. Gardeners say that this year's lemons are good because of the low yield due to the impact of inclement weather. The price of lemons in front of the garden is expected to skyrocket in the coming months. There are 4 numbers in total: Jumbo 400 is 4.80-5.00 baht, 500 is 3.80-4.00 baht, 600 is 2.80 baht and 700 is 1.80 baht. Farmers will only sell at high prices during the 3 months of February - April, after which it will weaken when the yield is high. May-June will be 3.21 satang per result only. The Director-General of the Department of Internal Trade stated that the situation of expensive lemons is seasonal. The situation is expected to return to normal in the coming months. The lemon is now flowering and will result in the price situation being eased, however, to solve the problem of expensive lemons. The Department of Internal Trade links produce from farmers to be sold directly to consumers. 100 points, sold at a price of 3 baht per result. Read more Czech news! "Product" parade price increase 1 Mar 66 petition the state to extract "barbaric pigs" spilled down Thai pig prices to a loss of 14.5 million people. Start exercising the right to "State Welfare Card" April 23 
Taxis invade land transport outcry "new tuning meter" pay more|Taxi bellow Department of Land Transport Taxi queue meter tuning is not enough to provide service, must pay a new meter fine of 300-350 baht and use the brand "Apollo" for 3,500 baht will not be adjusted due to the company's closure today (February 27, 2023). Mr. Worapol Kamkhuntod The president of the Public Transport Drivers Professional Association said that since January 15 at Bangkok Apiwat Central Station due to the large number of taxis but the counters are not enough to provide the service, it takes a long time. Previously, in 1994, when the meter was adjusted, only 100 baht was paid, and the fare table that could be hung behind the seat had to be 50 baht. In addition, there is the issue of the Apollo brand meter, which has been launched since 1992, about 10,000 taxi drivers use the brand, which requires the purchase of a new meter for 3,500 baht. It is not worth the fare increase of only 1 baht and can the Department of Land Transport use the same data so that you do not have to buy a new machine? 
Pig farmers discuss with Department of Livestock Husbandry Feb 28 to solve pig price slump|The Association of Pig Farmers consulted the Director-General of the Department of Livestock Husbandry on February 28 to investigate and solve the problem of falling pig prices. After the Customs Department opened containers and found more than 90,000 kg of "contraband pigs" today (February 28, 2023), the Association of Pig Farmers will hold a meeting with the Department of Livestock Development. It will discuss and find solutions in 4 areas: cracking down on barbaric pigs, organizing brokers, accelerating exports and maintaining price stability. To bring the proposal from this discussion to Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives and Government To find the next solution while Mr. Sundaraporn Singhreewong President of Northern Swine Farmers Association He revealed that the main reason for the continued decline in pork prices lately is due to the main factor being the smuggling of pork from abroad. Therefore, I would like to call on the relevant agencies to expedite the extraction. Because in addition to affecting the price of pigs in the country. It may also affect the epidemic, another observation of the problem of falling pig prices. President of Northern Swine Farmers Association It said it could come from large operators selling pork at cheaper prices than the market. Where the problem arises Prepare together with representatives of pig farmers to meet with the Director-General of the Department of Livestock Husbandry today (February 28) to ask them to help inspect and solve the problem of clearing containers left behind at Laem Chabang Port. Relevant agencies continue to monitor and investigate. Last week, five containers of pork were found to have been left behind for more than 30 days, three of which were shipped from Brazil and Russia. About the last 90,000 kilograms Mr. Thitipong Kham Phui Director of Customs Service Division 1, Laem Chabang Port Customs Office He said that he is currently in the process of sending samples of pork parts to the Department of Livestock Husbandry to check whether they are prohibited goods or not, if they are found to be prohibited goods, all products will be returned to the Department of Livestock Husbandry for further destruction. Meanwhile, Laem Chabang Port Customs has convened an expedited meeting to complete the remaining container clearance as planned during the month. There are only 60 containers waiting to be opened for inspection and about 90 containers have a waiver notice from the import company, which will expedite the completion of the process. Apr. "Lemon in front of the garden" The most expensive is 7-8 baht per ball.
Warning to bring LPG cylinder to fill LPG gas at the pump is guilty-dangerous|The Bank warned that filling LPG cylinders in gas pumps is guilty and dangerous After seeing such actions increase due to the increase in cooking gas prices on March 1, 2023. Department of Energy Business Ministry of Energy Warning after finding an increase in the illegal filling of LPG cylinders in liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) service stations due to the current increase in LPG prices. As a result, low-income people face the problem of not having enough money to buy a full cylinder of LPG from gas outlets. This action is an offense under the law that stipulates that "Liquefied petroleum gas shall not be filled into LPG cylinders within service stations" and a sign with the message "Liquefied petroleum gas shall not be filled in LPG cylinders, if violated, there is an offence" displayed at the dispensers. Such offenses are punishable under the Fuel Control Act B.E. 2542, Section 66, which stipulates that whoever operates a Category 3 controlled business without complying with the criteria specified in the Ministerial Regulation issued under Section 7 shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding 1 year or a fine not exceeding 100,000 Baht, or both. In addition to being guilty and punishable by law. It also causes unsafety in service stations both during refueling and use, which causes a danger to use due to the use of LPG cylinders that are not inspected and maintained. LPG price hike again 1 baht per kg, 15 kg drum, adjusted to 423 baht, check the status of "State Welfare Card", pass and verify identity - failed to submit True - dtac appeal successfully merged. Manass appointed as new CEO of True Corporation
Council reveals increase in household debt in the third quarter of 2022|The Council reported that household debt in the third quarter of 2022 increased for the first time in five quarters. Even though the COVID-19 situation has eased today (March 2, 2023). Economic Recovery and Reopening Policy Make Mr. Danucha Pichayanan The Secretary-General of the National Economic and Social Development Council said that the Thai labor situation improved in the fourth quarter of 2022. Exports expanded by 1.5% compared to the same period last year, but exports are expected to slow down. It may affect workers in the export sector in terms of the number of people employed, hours worked, and income. Thai inflation and the cost of living remained high. Despite the economic recovery, Thai household debt expanded by 3.9% in the third quarter of 2022 compared to the previous quarter, the first increase in five quarters since the third quarter of 2021. The same applies to credit card loans. It also found that despite the Covid-19 situation, However, the amount of bad debt in the system is still above 400,000 million baht. 2x increase Compared to the first quarter of 2022, the number of NPL accounts receivable increased from 4.3 million to 4.7 million, of which nearly 60% were personal loans. In addition, the Council also reported an article on personal income tax issues. In short, only 4.2 million people pay taxes each year. Of the 10.8 million tax filers, most of them are fixed income earners, including many income earners who are informal workers. It was also found that high-income earners took advantage of deductions and donations as a tax-saving tool than middle-income earners, so it was proposed to the Ministry of Finance. Accelerate the expansion of the tax base, attract informal workers. Add new tax items and review deductions to reduce fiscal pressure on welfare expenditures. Read more economic news : True-dtac merger successfully Manass appointed as new CEO of True Corporation Mutelu Star Business: Total revenue in 2021 increased by more than 113%
Win March 8 knock "New electricity bill" may be less than 5 baht per unit|The Board of Directors is preparing to finalize the new electricity bill figures on March 8, which is likely to be less than 5 baht per unit because energy costs have started to decline. Secretary-General, Office of the Energy Regulatory Commission As a spokesman Revealed that the Energy Regulatory Commission or the Board of Directors The meeting will consider the summary of the new or monthly automatic variable electricity bill (Ft). May – August 2023 on March 8, then open for public hearing for further official promulgation. This period of FT has a downward trend due to various factors. To calculate the cost with a better direction from the monthly period. Jan-Apr 2023Mr. Kamkrit said that the average electricity bill for the monthly period Jan-Apr2023 For residential electricity users at the rate of 4.72 baht per unit, for other types of electricity users or businesses, industries and services, the average electricity bill is 5.33 baht per unit. In May-August 2023, it will decrease by an average of less than 5 baht per unit, while other types of electricity bills and electricity bills may return to the same rate. Will it equal to the house or lower it further? The average in the past period was 37 baht per US dollar, but now the rate of the baht is 34-35 baht per US dollar, which is quite good for the FT, including lower oil prices, but it is important that liquefied natural gas (LNG) is a variable that affects the monthly FT. In terms of high import volumes to replace the decline in Gulf gas supply and the price side, the LNG price was more than USD 30 per million BTU, but now it is just over USD 10 per million BTU. However, a news report from the Board of Directors of the Fuel Fund (FFON) said that the Board of Directors. Global diesel prices must be closely monitored. To determine how much the retail price of diesel can be reduced. After the first week of the month In March, the price was pegged at 34 baht due to the sharp and rising price volatility, causing the diesel levy to go into the fuel fund from 5 baht per litre. Less than 4 baht per literRead other news warning to bring LPG cylinders to fill up gas LPG at the pump is guilty-dangerous dairy farmers crisis Win to adjust raw milk prices - solve expensive cow feed 8 Bank opens 24-hour call center for financial disaster reports
The Cabinet tapped a budget of 3,191 million baht to carry electricity bills not exceeding 300 units per month.|The Cabinet tapped 3,191 million baht to MEA-PEA For electricity tariff discount for household electricity users not exceeding 300 units per month. Between January and April  Today (7 Mar 2023) Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the Cabinet of Ministers approved 3,191 million baht for the Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA) and the Provincial Electricity Authority (PEA) as monthly electricity bills. This will be to provide a discount on electricity rates to residential electricity consumers who use no more than 300 units of electricity per month under the limit of MEA 517. and PEA Baht 2,673 million. To mitigate the impact of reducing the cost of living burden for vulnerable electricity users previously. The Cabinet resolution on January 24. Approved measures to help with electricity bills to alleviate the impact on people affected by the situation of higher energy prices. By helping vulnerable electricity consumers with electricity bills Residential types that use no more than 300 units of electricity per month by providing a discount on electricity bills to residential electricity users in the MEA's area. and PEA, as well as residential electricity users who are retail electricity users of the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand. and electricity consumers in the service area of the Royal Thai Navy's Concession Welfare Electricity Authority for 4 months from January to April this year, with a discount on electricity bills before VAT calculation. 
We travel together, phase 5 in one day, booked 2.79 lakh rights.|We travel together, phase 5 in one day, booked 2.79 lakh rights. TAT assesses Phase 5 to generate 12 billion baht in circulation in the economy, including 5 phases to generate more than 60 billion baht in circulation in the economy today (March 8, 2023). Miss TRISULI TRISORNANAKUL The Deputy Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office said that the government has taken measures to support tourism in the country through the We Travel Together program. Phase 5 on March 7, 2023 It was the first day that the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) launched the system to process accommodation reservations. On the first day alone, from 06.00-23.00 hrs, more than 2.79 lakh reservations were exercised. Out of the total 5.6 lakh rights under the project, Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister acknowledge the government's interest in this project and are confident that we travel together. Phase 5 will play an important role in supporting the continuation of recovery in the tourism sector. Help ease the burden of people on tourism. Participants have purchasing power to spend while traveling. TAT assesses that we travel together. Phase 5 will generate 12,539 million baht in economic turnover. Separately, direct income to tour operators was 9,025 million baht. and indirect income incurred from continuing business Baht 3,334 million. All in all. When combined with the results of measures in phases 1-4 from 2020-2022, 11.05 million rooms were eligible under the project. Generate current income in the economy of approximately 49,000 million baht. As a result, the five phases of the measures will generate more than 60 billion baht in cash flow in the Thai economy.
Lottery dealers are worried. Online lotteries make it harder to sell tickets.|Government Lottery Dealers He disagreed with the new lottery ticket because he feared that it would affect the sales of more than 100 million tickets. Meanwhile, the Government Lottery Office Preparing to present the Cabinet next week to the Government Lottery Office Preparing to launch new products In the new lottery format for the L6 lottery format, both sales-buying-issuing prizes are the same as today's lotteries, but they do not have to be printed as cards. Selling 80 baht per ticket, the 1st prize will receive the same 6,000,000 baht. By preparing to propose to The 3-digit lottery or L3 is a new format by playing to choose 1 number from 000-999 per 1 lottery ticket purchase, 4 prizes will be issued 2 times a month every 1st and 16th day, determining the proportion of the prize money to 60% of the total ticket sales in each period. The proportion of prize money allocation is 30 percent for three straight prizes, 30 percent for three-digit prizes, 39 percent for two straight prizes, and 1 percent for special prizes. To compete with the underground lottery while the lottery dealer in the Nonthaburi Tha Nam market area said that if the lottery pile Launching new products separately to sell them digitally will lead to more tickets in the market. This makes lottery tickets more difficult to sell, affecting lottery dealers of course. Abdullah The director and spokesman of the Government Lottery Committee said that the details have now been revised if it is passed and it can be implemented within 6 months. While the new product N3 lottery has 3 guidelines to consider further: the selling price will be 20-40 baht, the sales system may be sold through the Pao Tang app or sold via mobile devices, the minimum payment of 2 prizes will be 70 baht per person, and consider the agent selection system, which may open a new registration. Confirm that the Lottery Office follows the law to solve the problem of overpriced lotteries, believing that it will help the 80-baht lottery ticket to achieve its objectives nationwideRead more economic news: Cabinet taps 3,191 million baht for electricity bills of no more than 300 units per month on the first day! Mar booking "Travel Together" half day surpasses 187, 319 rights
Consumer Foundation The court revoked the NBTC resolution. In case of merger of "True-dtac"|Consumer Foundation Sued the Central Administrative Court to revoke the NBTC resolution. In case of merger with True dtac For reasons of lack of authority and unlawfulness, request to revoke all juristic acts related to or related to the resolution today (March 8, 2023). Mr. Chalermpong Langdee and Ms. Nathawadee Tengpanichkul were authorized by the Board of Trustees for Consumers to file a lawsuit against the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) as the 1st defendant and the 2nd respondent, the Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC). dtac Communications Public Company Limited or dtac It is an act without authority and unlawful. Following the special meeting of the NBTC The resolution by a majority vote of 3 to 2 approved the business combination between True-dtac without listening to the opinions of stakeholders and the general public, not taking the complete report of foreign advisors into consideration and listening to the opinions of the independent advisory company (Finansa Securities Company Limited) as an act that violates the laws, announcements, regulations, rules and regulations related to the lawsuit to revoke the resolution of the NBTC as a resolution from the Board of Directors meeting of the Foundation for Consumers. On March 7, 2023, the lawsuit was filed. The 1st respondent is the NBTC and the 2nd respondent is the NBTC Office as the Consumer Foundation. It has been established with the main objective to promote consumers to be protected according to their rights. In accordance with the provisions of laws and provisions in the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. B.E. 2560, Section 46, but at present, consumers are violating their rights. Especially the event that the Board of Directors NBTC votes by a majority of 3 to 2 to approve True-dtac merger Miss KACHANUCH SANGPRASAD Director, Consumer Foundation He pointed out that because of this, consumers were affected because when Thailand officially left only 2 major service providers and the new company became the No. 1 service provider immediately, it had a market share of more than 50%, creating a monopoly on the telecommunications business. As a result, phone bills will increase by 10 to 200 percent, and the mobile market will be in The competition is too low and difficult to restore to its original state, Ms. Kachanuch said. Board of Trustees for Consumers voted to file a lawsuit committee The NBTC and the Office of the NBTC are the 1st and 2nd respondents, which is in accordance with the objective of promoting consumers to be protected according to their rights. Promote and coordinate consumer and consumer protection organizations to participate in consumer protection. The action of the 1st and 2nd respondents is unlawful and unlawful, so this action is related to the public interest and can be considered as an action within the scope of the objectives of the litigant established by law. Total Access has no authority to consider and receive Total Access reports. Both companies are not in terms of business combination as announced by the NBTC. Re: Regulatory Measures for Business Integration in Telecommunications B.E. 2561 (2018) Clause 3 (1) which states that the licensee or the controlling person of the licensee together with the licensee or another licensee's controlling authority resulting in the status of one licensee. or formed as a new juristic person under civil and commercial laws or under a joint venture agreement, but a business combination under the Public Limited Companies Act B.E. 2535 between a public limited company and a public limited company by requesting to revoke the resolution of the Broadcasting Commission. The Special Meeting No. 5/2022 was held on October 20, 2022 and revoked all juristic acts related to or related to the resolutions with retrospective effect. Manass appointed as new CEO of True Corporation, Central Administrative Court to accept True-dtac lawsuit
 "Suvarnabhumi" clarifies inaccurate announcement in case of closure of security points|Suvarnabhumi Airport The announcement comes after THAI announced passengers to allow 4 hours of travel time due to the closure of international security checkpoints. Zone 3 is inaccurate, the latest adjustment of the installation plan to minimize the impact on passengers, but it is still requested to allow 3 hours before departure on March 12, 2023. Suvarnabhumi Airport issues clarification document on the case of Thai Airways International Public Company Limited A message posted on Thai Airways' Facebook page instructed passengers traveling internationally to allow 4 hours of travel time due to Suvarnabhumi Airport. International departure checkpoints are closed. Zone 3 To install the automatic baggage tray return system during March 1-29, we would like to clarify that the information provided by THAI is current discrepancies. Suvarnabhumi Airport has installed a system at the X-ray machine. International departure checkpoints Zone 3 (West Side) has completed 2 machines, passengers can use all international departure checkpoints as usual. Therefore, there is no need to allow up to 4 hours as informed, but it will be gradually carried out by turning off the X-ray at the point where the system is installed, which will take a short period of time to install. Passengers are requested to travel on international departure flights. Allow up to 3 hours before departure for the Automatic Baggage Tray Return System (ARTS) located at the passenger and baggage screening points to speed up the inspection of passengers' baggage. Staff don't have to reload used passengers' luggage trays into the queue. Capacity 6,650 people per hour From 3,300 people per hour before installation. A bactericidal and antiviral system has been installed on the luggage tray, which is 99.9% effectiveRead More NewsPrime Minister orders team to monitor situation 2 banks in the US shut down Phuket prepares to expand "Phuket Lard Yai Walking Street" area 
Analysis: 6 years "welfare card" budget surpasses 330 billion to help "poor", right?|One of the projects that pleases the people is undeniable that the "State Welfare Card Program" is probably one of the most popular projects for the people. This is reflected in every year that the government announces the opening of registration. Tens of millions of Thais will join the program every year like 2023 as soon as the government announces the launch of the State Welfare Registration Program. Nearly 20 million people are interested in joining the project. This raises the question of whether this project will create more "poor people" in the system and whether the poor really have access to state welfare if you look back at the numbers of low-income earners and the amount of tax money spent on this project from 2018 to 2023, a total of 6 years. Meanwhile, the number of eligible people each year averages 13-14 million. Can it be said that the number of people with income has not decreased, and those who are entitled to this privilege are really poor? Honorary Scholars The Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI) commented that it is undeniable that this project actually helps people's living expenses. Although it is a short-term help and beneficial to real earners, there are still loopholes because the people who receive welfare cards are really poor or not. Most workers are outside the social security system. As a result, there are still low-income people. Dropped out and dropped out of the state welfare system. Meanwhile, The government also has weaknesses in helping generate revenue. Although the government already had a plan, it has never taken seriously the new round of welfare card screening that changes the screening criteria. But it is expected that when the government announces those who are eligible, it will need to find a way to increase people's income as well. It is necessary to increase income from job creation and job creation, especially by reducing the number of eligible people, which will be a reflection of whether the State Welfare Card Program will succeed or fail at the same time. The new government, if it is going to continue this policy, is not only competing to increase money in welfare cards, but should also make a "comprehensive state welfare card" that must create a database from income and connect with the tax base system to check the income of those who apply for the program to see if they are eligible for welfare cards. Mr. Akhom Toppittayapaisit Minister of Finance Confirm that this screening is concentrated in qualification examination including income of applicants. Family income The amount of the deposit that considers deeply the deposit period to prevent the transfer of funds. Prohibition of having credit cards/cash cards while the number of eligible people was 14.59 million. Despite the increase in the previous round with 13.16 million people. Because of the COVID-19 crisis, but if you look at those who registered for the group that held the same welfare card that registered for this round. The number has dropped to just 8 million, and there are some groups who have returned welfare cards because they have better income for the 2023 State Welfare Card Program. 14.6 million people Check the list via website and verify your identity at Krungthai Savings Bank and BAAC starting from April 1 onwards. Another 5.54 million people did not meet the criteria. We are currently open for appeals from March 1 to May 1, 2023 and the results will be announced on June 20, 2023. The eligible person must check or inquire from the merchant first whether there is an electronic payment terminal or EDC or because the latest Comptroller's Department Recall EDC machine after the end of the 5-year warranty period. Deputy Comptroller General Indicates that if the store wants to use the connector. It is necessary to pay a fee from using the service at Krung Thai Bank. Krungthai Bank will allow merchants who wish to continue using EDC machines to enter into an agreement, which will start charging from April 1, 2023 and must be paid by March of each year, Thai PBS News Team said. Ask merchants participating in the government program to say that they may switch to the money bag application. However, we are worried that it may not be as convenient as an EDC machine and the signal may be unstable, and if the merchant wants to return the EDC machine, it should be returned to a Krungthai Bank branch for convenience. mohammed abass 
Financial analysts point out U.S. banks fail, affecting Thai finances in a limited way|Economic analysts believe that the problem of US banks being shut down will not widen. Meanwhile, the US authorities and the US Federal Reserve have rushed to take measures to take care of depositors and financial institutions to prevent the impact from becoming a risk trigger in the system. Silicon Valley As a result, the Dow Jones The New York Stock Exchange closed negative, with banking stocks falling heavily, but the Nasdaq closed in positive territory. After speculating that the US Federal Reserve (FED) may not raise interest rates at this month's meeting, the US market index On 13 Mar 2023 Found that the Dow Jones The S&P 500 closed at 3,855.76 points, down 5.83 points, and the Nasdaq closed at 11,188.84 points, up 49.96 points. Three banks have been closed, but the market is most focused on Silicon Valley banks, which have the 16th largest asset in the U.S., and the crisis is the biggest for the U.S. banking sector since Lehman Bros. went bankrupt in 2008. The tech business is booming. Silicon Valley Bank deposits The Bank has invested such deposits in debt instruments such as government bonds, which are long-term and low-risk investments, but after the COVID-19 pandemic subsided, interest rates increased. Funding in the tech business began to stagnate, and money was withdrawn to put cash into circulation, and banks had to find money to return depositors. The bank lost more than $1.8 billion, said Chief Economist Pipat Luengnarumitchai. Kiatnakin Phatra Securities said the problem was not due to asset quality as in the past, with banks investing in more than half of safe-haven assets and government bonds losing money because of rising interest rates. In addition, Thai commercial banks have stable liquidity and capital adequacy. Better fragmentation of asset structure and deposits Moreover, customer behavior is different from the U.S. Ms. Suwannee Jesadasak. Assistant Governor, Financial Institutions Supervision Group The Bank of Thailand said the impact on Thailand is limited due to the lack of Thai commercial banks. Direct transactions with Silicon Valley Bank and overall transaction volume of Thai commercial banks in fintech and startups Globally, it accounts for less than 1 percent of the capital of commercial banks, and reiterated that the regulation of transactions related to digital assets and capital raising businesses Strict deposit protection Thailand has a Deposit Protection Institute (DPA). However, if these institutions have their licenses revoked, the DPA will pay back the deposit within 30 days, setting the coverage limit at 1,000,000 baht / 1 depositor / 1 financial institution from the problem. The market is starting to assess that it may be a turning point in the pace of rate hikes, with the likelihood that the Fed will return to raising rates faster and less strongly. SCB Chief Investment Office, Siam Commercial Bank, expects the Fed to raise interest rates by 0.25 percentage points at its March meetingRead more news about SVB : US banking crisis hits stock market Americans flock to withdraw money
Register for "Water and Electricity Bill" for State Welfare Card holders| today State welfare card Open to those who are eligible to register for the "Water and Electricity Allowance" today (March 15, 2023). Mr. Pornchai Thiravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Economy, as spokesman for the Ministry of Finance. Disclosure of the progress of identity verification of those who meet the eligibility criteria (eligible persons) under the State Welfare Registration Program 2022 as of March 14, 2023 As of 2 p.m., a total of 8,426,717 people had successfully verified their identity and 987,578 people appealed against the results of the qualification examination of those who did not meet the eligibility criteria under the program. As follows, those who successfully verify their identity under the 2022 scheme who wish to be eligible for the electricity and water bill relief measures must register for new rights and must comply with the welfare conditions of the relief measures that stipulate the provision of welfare benefits of 1 household per 1 right per house code, which can be registered for the electricity bill right only 1 service provider, as well as water bills that can be registered for the service fee only 1 service provider, which will be open for registration to receive the right to electricity and water bills. From March 15, 2023 onwards with service agencies where the qualified person has successfully verified the service. If you successfully register for the right to receive electricity bills with MEA or PEA within 8 April 2023 at 5.00 p.m. or register with the EGAT. Completion within 20 April 2023 at 5.00 p.m. and/or register for water bill privilege with MEA or PWA. Completed by 25 Mar 2023 At 5.00 p.m., the first month of the "April 2023 Service Bill" will be entitled for those who exercise the right under the relief measures to those who have a State Welfare Card under the State Welfare Registration Program. Year 2017 and year 2018 will be eligible for monthly service invoice cycle. Invoices for services owed during the period eligible for relief measures can be used to pay for financial support until April 30, 2023. However, in the month In March 2023, registrants can request to check the results of qualification consideration and appeal at provincial treasury offices in all provinces every day. Starting from Saturday, March 11, 2023, those who meet the criteria can verify their identity at Krungthai Bank, Government Savings Bank and BAAC every day, with general branches from 09.00-16.00 hours and branches in department stores from 11.00-16.00 hours. 7.6 million successful verifications
"Klong Phadung Krung Kasem Electric Boat" resumes service on the first day|Electric Boat Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem Service resumes March 15. After the expiry of the contract for the first phase of service from the month SEP 22 According to the survey, there are still few people using the service. Public relations officer urged today (March 15, 2023) Reporters reported that users of the Phadung Krung Kasem Electric Boat gradually boarded the boat at Thewarat Market Pier to head to work, which today is the first day of service to resume Phase 2 after the first phase of the maritime contract ended last month. Sep2022ThaiPBS The survey found that not many people use the service. Part of the reason may not yet be known if the electric boat has reopened. As a result, port staff must publicize to commuters who come to the Chao Phraya Express Pier. Thewet Pier, which is the connection point of Thewarat Market Pier, acknowledged along the route of the Phadung Krung Kasem Canal. It is about 5 kilometers through 11 piers from Thewarat Market Pier to Hua Lamphong BTS Station Pier. It takes about 20 minutes to run through many important places. From Monday to Friday, boats run from 06.00-19.00 hrs. divided into 2 periods: 06.00-09.00 hrs. 16.00-19.00 hrs. On Saturdays and Sundays, the service is from 08.00 a.m. to 07.00 p.m. and the boat departs every 1 hour. In the future, prepare to open a tourist route to Banglamphu Canal. It starts from Phadung Krung Kasem Canal. During Bobae Market, pass the bridge through the sky dance to end at Phra Sumen Fort, there are 4 piers along the way. Many temples and historical landmarks Related News Comeback! Electric Boat Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem The service will start on March 15.
 Every number of "chicken eggs" increased the price of 6 baht per stall, pushing Taiwan exports.|Egg farmers raised the price of "farm assorted eggs" by 20 satang to 3.40 baht per egg in one month as consumers weighed on the cost of living today (March 16, 2023). There are 4 egg farmers cooperatives, namely Eight Riew Egg Farmers Cooperative Limited, Chonburi Egg Farmers Cooperative Limited, Chiang Mai-Lamphun Egg Farmers Cooperative Limited, and Noi Basin Egg Farmers Cooperative Limited. The price has been increased to 3.40 baht per egg from 3.20 baht for every egg number, which is good news for egg farmers in 1 month. It said it was necessary to raise the price of eggs based on the cost of the farm and had informed customers, but acknowledged that it felt sympathy for consumers who had to bear the rising costs while many consumers continued to talk about the impact of the cost of living not being in line with the price of goods. One consumer reflected on the problem of rising egg prices affecting the cost of living, but still have to buy because it is a product that is easily accessible to all groups of people because it is cheaper than other products. Therefore, there may be a tendency to increase prices further because more foreign exports have begun, which farmers have adjusted to increase production in order to comply with export demand and not affect domestic consumption. As for the concern of egg shortages during the back-to-school period. Breeders have increased the number of cage standing hens into the system in order to have enough volume to meet the overall demand for the overall egg situation. The Department of Livestock Development informed that Thailand is currently producing 43 million eggs per day. The egg production consumed in the country is about 41 million eggs per day. Total egg exports to Singapore and Hong Kong are about 42 million eggs, or less than the last 43 million eggs. The Department of Livestock Development can open up a new market, namely Taiwan, giving farmers more market support, with Taiwan consuming 20 million eggs a day. It expects to export 500,000 eggs a day until the end of 2023 and insists that there will be no shortage of eggs in the country and there is still enough left for domestic consumption. "Water and electricity bills" State Cabinet welfare card holders extend the time to reduce "diesel tax" 5 baht per liter until July 20 The Cabinet tapped the gross price of sugarcane in 2022/23 at 1,080 baht per ton.
Czech jasmine rice? Chinese flavored cat dye quote "Thai brand" |Found Chinese counterfeit brand-certification mark "Thai jasmine rice" Use the method of adding aromatic additives to rice. Ministry of Commerce worried about rice exports How to check genuine jasmine rice Certification required  
Check barcode Observe the "Rice Tree" seal today (March 17, 2023) Mrs. Manatnit Jirawat Deputy Director-General, Department of Foreign Trade The Ministry of Commerce said that in the case of news of rice factories in China faking Thai jasmine rice, using rice grown in China, which is not related to Thai rice, to add additives to smell like Thai jasmine rice, the factory has been shut down. Such actions are an offense under China's Food Safety Standards Law. It is determined that rice is a product that is not allowed to use food additives by the Department of Foreign Trade. In addition, the Office of Overseas Commerce in Beijing and the Office of Overseas Trade Promotion in Shanghai will monitor whether there is counterfeiting of Thai jasmine rice brand and certification mark and whether it affects the Thai rice market in China. Overseas Trade Promotion in Shanghai Promote the trademarks of Thai rice exporters participating in the project to promote the certification mark of Thai jasmine rice sold abroad through www.thaihommaliricecertificationmark.dft.go.th and the certification mark of Thai jasmine rice, which are marks that show the product originated in Thailand and meet the quality standards set by the Ministry of Commerce so that buyers or importers of rice in China can choose to buy Thai jasmine rice with good quality correctly in such cases. Authorities reportedly raided a rice factory in Anhui province and found that the Thai Hom Mali rice brand name was forged. Use odor dye to flavor rice to smell like Thai jasmine rice. But the rice used is rice grown in Anhui. It is not related to Thai rice by using the brand name Tai Zhi Wang. Identified as Thai jasmine rice and Thai Princess brand. Identified as coming from Thailand As a result, exporters are worried that it will affect the export of Thai jasmine rice to China. He urged government agencies to come out and solve the problem while the Consulate General in Shanghai Disseminate information to Thai ambassadors How is real jasmine rice native to Thailand? Thai Hom Mali Rice is one of Thailand's agricultural products that is highly popular with Chinese consumers. With the peculiarity of smooth jasmine grain. slender White or light cream When the rice is cooked, it has a delicate aroma, the grains are beautifully arranged. This makes Thai jasmine rice become a premium product of Chinese consumers, authentic Thai jasmine rice must come from Thailand. It has a unique self-scented scent, a scent of pure nature. Smells like jasmine in the morning with dew, free of flavor additives and must meet pre-export certification standards. Thai rice producers and processors exported to China must be registered with the Thai Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives and Chinese Customs. There are 2 styles: the Original Pack from Thailand and the one that Chinese entrepreneurs bring to repack in China.
Thai stock market does not respond to news of dissolution of parliament - private sector worried about acting government|The private sector is worried the government maintains not fully supervising the economy. After facing global economic uncertainty. Meanwhile, securities analysts see the Thai stock market not responding to news of the dissolution of Parliament, worried about the election not going smoothly.  Today (20 Mar 2023) Reporters report that the trading atmosphere of Thai stocks is quite volatile. The index ended at 1,555.45 points, down 8.22 points, representing a turnover of over 62 billion baht. Some analysts noted that the Thai stock market did not respond to the news of the dissolution of the newly elected parliament, although under normal circumstances, the stock market would rise due to the increase in economic resources during the election campaign. Do investors use to delay investment additionally? Investors are also worried that the election may not go smoothly. After a petition was filed with the Administrative Court to revoke the notification of the Election Commission (SEC). At the same time, if elections can be held, the formation of a coalition government may be problematic. As a result, the atmosphere in the Thai stock market did not respond to the news of the dissolution of Parliament as in the past, while the president of the Investment Analysts Association assessed that the issue of demarcation of constituencies could affect the postponement of the election schedule, but still be able to form a government. Therefore, it is believed that if the financial crisis situation in the US and Europe is resolved, it may help the Thai stock trading atmosphere return to normal. The chairman of the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) said investors had always been aware of the news of the dissolution of parliament and new elections, but were worried that the acting government and the political vacuum would affect the care of the economy that was facing global economic uncertainty. Polvichai, president of the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce, assessed that the new election round would be highly competitive. As a result, during the campaign period, there was a large amount of money in the economy of not less than 50 billion bahtRead other newsPlease feel free to read the Royal Decree Dissolving the House of Representatives. March 21 election day to meet with "Vishnu" Jang M.169 Gazette published the announcement "MPs- Senator - Political Affairs" can help local campaigners. 
CHOW confirms no "Cesium-137" found in Kabin Buri smelter|Chow Steel Industry Public Company Limited Insist on government cooperation to inspect the smelter thoroughly and not find it. "Cesium-137" in the Company's smelter in Prachinburi province, as reported today (March 20, 2023) Mr. Parmat Chulavanich Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Chow Steel Industry Public Company Limited or CHOW, a manufacturer and distributor of billet steel products Clarification on the news that cesium-137 radioactive material was found. In the Company's steel smelting plant located in Kabin Buri district, Prachinburi province, that all the news is inaccurate. Not true, Mr. Parmat. It was revealed that on the morning of March 19, Mr. Rongrong Nakorn Jinda, Governor of Prachinburi Province, together with Mr. Permsuk Satjaphiwat The Secretary-General of the Office of Atoms for Peace led relevant agencies to inspect operations in Kabin Buri Industrial Zone and inspect the smelter of Chow Steel Industry Public Company Limited. No radioactive material cesium-137 was found. In the Company's steel smelting plant whatsoever, and after that, he went to inspect other smelters. He added that in the past, CHOW's steel smelting process had a standardized raw material separation process whereby cylindrical materials could not enter the melting process. Therefore, it is impossible to have large cylindrical raw materials waiting to enter the company's melting process, and stated that after this, the company will expedite to clarify the discrepancy in this news to relevant agencies because Chow Steel Industry Public Company Limited is a company listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand and fears that the inaccurate news will affect the stock price. Steel bar packing "Cesium-137" Blood test for risk group found radioactive material "Caesium-137" ordered to close the factory - block the area to reverse the timeline Notify - search for radioactive material "Cesium-137"  
Amendment of the savings law to increase up to 27% of salary|The government pushed for 5 new laws, such as members can save up to 27% of their salary to increase the opportunity to multiply their savings today (March 21, 2023). Mrs. Srikanya Yathip, Secretary-General of the Government Pension Fund Board (TBF), revealed that according to the Government Gazette website, the Government Pension Fund Act (No. 8) B.E. 2023 dated March 19, 2023 has been published. The law has been amended to increase the savings value for members in total in 5 issues as follows: 1. TBB members can save up to 27% of their salary. When combined with 3% savings, you can save up to 30% with TBB from the previous maximum savings of only 12%.2. When a member chooses or changes an investment plan, it will affect all types of funds in the individual account, including: reserve Additional savings (if any) Contributions Compensation and principal (if any) from the original, principal (if any) and compensation will be determined to be invested in the master plan. Members will not be able to choose an investment plan.3. Repackaged members If you do not exercise your right to choose an investment plan. The Bank will initially formulate an investment plan as a balanced plan based on age. Existing members will be placed in the master plan, which will be effective from March 20, 2023. Past 4. TBB members can transfer money from provident fund to 5. Manageable 5. Saver with TBB can choose to change their investment plan. It was originally stipulated to invest in the original plan before leaving the government. The b. Announcing the rules and procedures already given, the Secretary-General said that this amendment to the law The Board of Directors operates mainly under the wishes of its members, with the work of amending the law in the strategic plan. As well as pushing for the law to take effect as soon as possibleRead other news, the BMC calls on online platforms to clarify the fee hike for jasmine rice checks? Chinese cat dye fragrance claims "Thai brand" public-private political chorus should not intervene "wage increase"
The union draws a 7-day deadline. BMC opens facts on bus advertising contract|The union sent a letter to the director of the Open the facts in the case of speeding up the renewal of advertising contracts on 1,500 air buses to the private sector for another 5 years in advance and request that the facts be disclosed within 7 days. NACC Inspection Today (22 March 2023) khunprom a Chairman, Bangkok Mass Transit Authority State Enterprise Workers Union Revealed that sent a letter to Mr. Kittikarn Jomduang Jaruvorapolkul The director of the Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) asked for the facts of the contract renewal with Plan B Media Public Company Limited after it was noted why the BMC had to rush to extend the contract for private individuals to advertise on air-conditioned buses (air buses). 5 years in advance from the original end of 2027 but extended until 2032 and the BMC assigned the assistant director of private transportation to join the service. Acting Director of Legal Affairs Office signed a Memorandum of Understanding on the Relief of Advertising Rights on Air Buses with Plan B Media Public Company Limited On November 23, 2022, the contract for the installation of billboards inside and outside air buses was extended. 1,500 units will be extended for another 5 years before the "main contract" ends on June 30, 2027. The contract was extended to end on June 30, 2032. There are 5 questions and questions as follows: 1. Why rush to extend the contract in advance? Even though the main contract ends June 30, 2027, there is still 4 years left. The use of government agency assets for utilization according to the procurement and procurement principles of the Comptroller's Department should provide an opportunity for fair competition. Is the information disclosure transparent and equitable at all stages?2. It should be noted that the Acting Director of the Legal Office has been authorized to sign the Memorandum of Understanding on Remedies with Plan B Co., Ltd. according to the letter No. 344/2565 dated November 8, 2022. The Board of Directors must propose to the Board of Directors' meeting. The BMC employees and union members wondered whether the Memorandum of Agreement for the extension of the contract for Plan B had been approved by the BMC Board because it was unclear whether the matter had been put on the agenda for consideration and contained in the minutes of the Board meeting. Or not. If any, the BMC is requested to disclose it to the union as well.3. The extension of the contract to the private sector for another 5 years in advance by the management of the BMC justifies as a remedy for advertising rights on air buses. After the private sector has been affected by the loss of income in the recent period. Not sure what the damage is healing. If you treat entrepreneurs affected by COVID-19 Outbreak Board Meeting The BMC has considered all remedies for operators who are parties to the BMC before, whether it is buses, shops, stalls, if it claims that the remedy in the case of stopping operations for the maintenance of air buses is already included in the maintenance plan according to the attachment to the contract because before entering into the contract of the BMC, there were about 320 air buses to be sent for maintenance. 4. Labor unions The BMC is curious about the calculation of the value of damages to be used for consideration of renewing the contract for another 5 years. Does anyone know? If calculated from the specific benefit that the BMC receives from the contract renewal for 5 years, the last year benefit (year 70) that the BMC will receive from Plan B Company is 9,004 baht/month (according to the main contract) as the basis for calculating the number of air buses used to put up advertising banners about 1,135 buses each month. The Company will receive a revenue share of approximately Baht 10.22 million from Plan B, including a 5-year extension contract worth approximately Baht 613 million, plus an additional 3% of Plan B's remuneration and an advance remuneration payable at the date of signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) of Baht 7,023,174, equivalent to Baht 700 million. Doubt Leave a question to the Board of Directors and the management of the BMC how do you know? To do this, Get the most out of it. Why the rush? Do not wait for the contract to end first and then allow for competition. in the next 4 years. The Thai economy could be better than this. Advertising business expanded. The income that the BMC should receive may be even more. In addition, it is evident that the administration of the organization is not decentralized to the deputy executive or assistant director of walking and the director of the transportation zone. In addition, contracts such as repair contracts or advertising contracts should be open for competitive bidding for transparency and the best interests of the BMC. The BMC asked the organization to disclose the facts to the union and employees. within 7 days, otherwise the union will be obliged to submit the case. The NACC continues to investigate the factsRead more news Win JJ-Electric taxi invades transport to ask to solve the problem of "white label car" commercial confirms "Mayongchid" order is back - sold through Mobile 100 points
Probationary Commission Female employees do not accept coins to pay tolls.|The NTA clarified the knot of female toll collectors not accepting coins from service users. Admit error - probation sentence today (March 23, 2023) Expressway Authority of Thailand (ETA) Clarification on the case of expressway users complained via TikTok application that on March 21 at 1:57 p.m., expressway users drove a tractor-trailer truck. Enter Channel 1, Rama 9-2 Expressway, Chalongrat Expressway and request to pay toll fees in coins as there is no cash in the form of banknotes of female employees working in such channels. Inform the user that "no toll payment in coins" and that the user reverses the car, which the user reverses and switches to lane 2 instead, and the male employee who is working receives the toll payment in coins. Last 70 Baht The NTA investigated and investigated the facts from the female employee, who admitted to the error of the incident and ordered a probationary punishment and apologized for the incident. - Electric taxi invades transport to ask for "white label" problem 7 days to draw a line BMC opens facts on bus advertising contract
Germany strikes THAI cancels Frankfurt-Munich flight|THAI cancels roundtrip flights from Bangkok-Frankfurt and Bangkok-Munich from March 26-27 German airport workers strike today (March 24, 2023) Thai Airways International Public Company Limited Bangkok-Frankfurt and Bangkok-Munich flights will be cancelled from March 26 to 27 due to the German Public Transport Workers Union and Airport Workers. Announcing a strike on March 27, the flight announced was cancelled and passengers who will be travelling on that flight are asked to leave. For more information, please visit the thaiairways.com website or inquire at THAI Contact Center at 0-2356-1111. 24/7Read other news The NBTC approves (draft) the announcement to repeal the Must have rule - to hear opinions NCPO 30 day
NBTC approves (draft) announcement to repeal Must have rule - to hear NCPO opinion 30 day|Resolution of the NBTC Meeting Approval (Draft) Announcement to Repeal the Must Have Rule to be Held for Public Hearing within 30 Days Reporters reported that on March 23, 2023, the NBTC Special Meeting No. 7/2023 considered the decision to cancel the Notification of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission on Important Television Programmes Criteria for Broadcasting and General Television Services B.E. 2555 (Must Have Announcement), which stipulates that 7 sports programs are SEA Games, ASEAN Para Games, Asian Games, Asian Para Games, Olympic Games, Paralympic Games. The World Cup final, if it is entitled to be broadcast in Thailand. All 7 programs must be broadcast via general television (terrestrial) first, and with the effect that all 7 types of competitions will be broadcast via satellite, cable and IPTV under the Must Carry rule. The NBTC has assigned the NBTC to hold a public hearing on the opinions of stakeholders and the general public for consideration before issuing the announcement with a period of 30 days for the hearing of opinions of stakeholders and the general public in accordance with Section 28 of the Radio Broadcasting, Television and Telecommunications Regulatory Organization Act B.E. 2553 (2010) and its amendments.
Listen to the answers from the 9 parties if the government collects sales tax on stocks.|The Federation of Thai Capital Market Businesses throws questions on behalf of investors If it's the government, will stock sales tax be collected? Representatives of most political parties Answer in the same direction that the stock sales tax will not be collected. Today (25 Mar 2023) Seminar on "Policy to Drive the Thai Economy and Capital Market under the Post-Election Government" organized by the Federation of Thai Capital Market Businesses. Member of the Federation of Thai Capital Market Businesses, acting as moderator Take the last part of the seminar. Asked on behalf of investors that if representatives of 9 political parties had a chance to form a government, they would push forward the policy of collecting sales tax on shares or transaction tax with conditions to answer only yes or no. The Thai Pattana Party said it "insisted that it would not collect sales tax on shares," said Suphan Mongkolsuthee, deputy party leader and chairman. Economic Committee The Thai National Building Party said, "No sales tax on shares, of course." Policy Chair The Democratic Party said that this question may be against the election law on promises to give, before answering the question that this tax collection must be carefully considered, but the party's policy trend is not to collect stock sales tax because there is a much better way to collect taxes. The Pheu Thai Party said it has no policy to tax capital gain tax and does not tax cryptocurrencies. Team leader of the Bangkok Proud Thai Party said that neither Transaction Tax nor Capital Gain Tax will be collected. Economic Team Leader The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party said it does not collect transaction tax, but will collect capital gain tax. The leader of the Pattanaklao Party was on a mission and traveled before the end of the seminar, so there was no comment from the party representatives. The development of the nation dared, according to the Ministry of Finance. He said the Ministry of Finance needed to postpone the collection of stock sales tax indefinitely by drafting a law to reinstate the stock sales tax through the opinion of the Cabinet and the decree and return it to the Secretariat. But in the end, the Ministry of Finance assigned it to the Revenue Department. The details have been revisited and there is no deadline for enforcement. It is expected to start in April 2023.
Treasury warns against using old welfare patents before March 31 deadline|The finance ministry warned users of older state welfare cards who had money. Gas, travel expenses must be used immediately before the deadline of March 31, 2023 on March 29, 2023. Miss KULYA TANTITEMIT Comptroller General Inform current state welfare card holders who met the criteria for enrollment in 2017-2018 will be able to use welfare rights and credit limits on the card until March 31, but those who have received welfare patents in the current round who have successfully passed the criteria for the new welfare program and verified their identity in 2022 will be able to use the new round of welfare benefits through their smart ID card from April 1 onwards. Comptroller General He added that the government has adjusted some welfare items to be better than before, and that the Comptroller's Department is ready to set a welfare limit for eligible people to spend through smart ID cards, according to a news release that there are currently 13.1 million state welfare card holders, with details of welfare rights valid until March 31, 2023. Purchase limit 200-300 baht per month / discount on LPG purchase 45 baht per 3 months (Jan-Mar 23) / Travel expenses include: Bus fare 500 Baht per month / Train fare 500 Baht per month / Bus fare 500 baht per month for state welfare card holders residing in Bangkok and vicinity for 200 baht disability premium increase received through the State Welfare Card via e-Money channel for the month. Mar2023 If people who have not withdrawn money will still be able to withdraw money via the card according to the time specified by the Ministry of Finance, the compensation for water bills of 100 baht and electricity bills of 315 baht is a monthly billing cycle. Mar2023 There will also be money transfers to the current State Welfare Card via the e-Money channel, and will be able to withdraw money through the card according to the time specified by the Ministry of FinanceRead other news Treasury reveals the first round of "State Welfare Card" exercise of 12.56 million passes. MPC raises interest rate by 0.25% to 1.75% per annum
Gold price today hits all-time high|Gold prices in the world market are rising. Meanwhile, the Gold Trading Association announced the price of gold in the country today. Highest increase on record Gold jewelry sold out 32,950 baht/gold bar, sold out 32,450 baht today (5 Apr 2023) The gold trading atmosphere in Chinatown has resumed after the Gold Trading Association announced the price of gold in the country. As a result, the price of gold jewelry sold off almost 33,000 baht, which rose to a record high. As a result, people gradually traveled to bring gold bars and gold jewelry to sell for profit continuously. Mr. Worachai said he chose to buy an additional 20 baht of gold because he believed that the conflict situation between Russia and Ukraine would affect the price of gold in the near term. Set loyalty Assistant Managing Director Jin Hua Heng, as a director of the Gold Trading Association, said that the domestic gold price Gold prices rose to record highs after the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) recognized Finland as its 31st member, affecting the conflict between Russia and the West. The Gold Trading Association increased and decreased the price during the day 3 times. Issue price Gold jewelry 32,950 baht/baht Buy 31,760 baht Gold bars buy 32,350 baht/baht Sold out 32,450 baht
Check eligibility - check money April 1, start using the new state welfare card|Ministry of Finance Identify 12.5 million qualified candidates for the 2022 State Welfare Enrollment Program who successfully verified their identity. The new round of state welfare patents can be applied today (April 1). Today (1 Apr 2023) Mr. Pornchai Thiravej, Director of the Office of Fiscal Economy, as spokesman for the Ministry of Finance. From April 1 onwards A total of 12,565,862 people who successfully completed their identity verification under the State Welfare Registration Program 2022 by March 26 can apply for welfare benefits through their national ID cards. As follows:1. Spending limit for essential consumer goods Educational products and agricultural raw materials from Blue Flag stores and other shops as specified by the Ministry of Commerce at 300 baht per person per month from 05.00-23.00 hrs.2. The discount limit for the purchase of cooking gas from shops as specified by the Ministry of Energy is 80 baht per person per 3 months from 05.00-23.00 hrs.3. The amount includes transportation via public transport. The amount of 750 baht per person per month can be used for 8 types of transportation, namely: - Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) - Transport Company Limited - Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited or BTS, Mahanakorn Skytrain or MRT and In addition, the Ministry of Finance is preparing to increase the types of transportation systems to provide welfare to eligible persons, namely private vehicles, BMC private vehicles, and Bangkok government offices, private buses, and private vehicles, minibuses, and public passenger boats. Measures to alleviate the burden of electricity bills, subsidize electricity bills at the amount of 315 baht per household per month. In case of using more electricity than the specified limit, the eligible person will bear all electricity bills.5. Measures to alleviate the burden of water bills Subsidize water bills at the amount of 100 baht per household per month. In case of using tap water more than 100 baht but not exceeding 315 baht, the eligible person will still receive support in the amount of 100 baht and must pay the excess amount of 100 baht by himself. Measures to alleviate the burden of electricity and water bills Eligible persons who wish to receive the right under such measures must register through such service providers before starting to exercise their rights within the time frame specified by the service providers, in which the Ministry of Finance will pay the service fees that the eligible persons have used according to the specified conditions to the 5 service providers, namely the Metropolitan Electricity Authority Office, the Provincial Electricity Authority Office, the Electricity Authority, the Navy Concession Welfare, the Metropolitan Waterworks Authority and the Regional Waterworks Authority. However, this is the first time that people will be able to exercise their state welfare rights through their ID cards. To purchase essential consumer goods. LPG and transportation via public transport If the eligible person has any questions, please contact the State Welfare Card Customer Relations Center (Call Center) at 02-109-2345 for operators of Blue Flag stores and other shops as specified by the Ministry of Commerce to prepare electronic payment terminals (EDCs) and update the "Money Bag" application to the current version to support the payment of goods and services through the eligible person's ID card. If you encounter any problems updating the system to the current version, you can contact the Merchant Call Center at 02-111-1111 press 2 24 hours a day. MEA expects peak electricity consumption of the year This May, "Jurin" announced the 25th installment rice income guarantee issued on April 5, this unanimous resolution! MPC raises interest rate by 0.25% to 1.75% per annum
Are the prices of air tickets more expensive?|Czech! Are Songkran airfares more expensive? "Communications" Bangkok-Phuket route is the most expensive ticket price Especially during the festive season, with plans to solve high ticket prices. Brew proposed rescheduling flights. Add a flight Import more aircraft today (7 April 2023) Songkran Festival People who plan to return to their hometowns to celebrate Songkran return to their families, but are starting to encounter problems with some flight routes, ticket prices are increasing. Thai PBS Online Let's explore in the application. Nok Air at 4.10 p.m. Distance from Bangkok (Don Mueang Airport) to Nakhon Si Thammarat On 13 April 2023, prices start from 2,999-5,999 baht (excluding customs). Route Don Mueang Airport to Chiang Mai on 13 Apr 23 Prices start from 1,846 -3,500 baht (excluding customs). Acting Representative The Deputy Transport Minister said he had given a summary report on the rising air ticket prices and solutions to Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister is ready to give policy to accelerate action to reduce the problem from the gap between the demand for travel and the capacity of different aviation systems that affect the people and tourism of the country. This March Indicates that the fare (per way) On the Bangkok-Phuket route, which has received complaints about the most expensive fares, Mr. Athirath said passengers will get the lowest fares. When booking tickets long in advance, they will gradually increase to the maximum price not exceeding the ceiling specified when purchasing tickets on the last minute of travel. Airfares during the festive season have risen, especially if they book or buy tickets at the last minute. CAAT Summarize the analysis of the causes and factors that affect the carrying capacity that has led to the high cost of air tickets today, and propose solutions. As a result, the ground service at Suvarnabhumi Airport is insufficient (only 50%), resulting in airlines not being able to enter the flight. As a result, the number of flights is not enough to meet the growing demand. Increase the service providers on the ground to be sufficient by considering the proposal to lift and cancel the resolution. Ordinance requiring only 2 entrepreneurs or amendment of the Cabinet resolution to increase entrepreneurs to have more than 2 income by allowing AOT to have more than 2 entrepreneurs. Allow potential airlines Responsible for self-service ground services during periods when there are not enough service providers and expedite the recruitment of operators to operate temporarily. The airline may cancel some flights within the stipulated timeframe, which the airline is entitled to do, but as a result, there are not enough flights to accommodate the timetable allocated. As a result, other airlines cannot book flights at that time. Measures should be added to create positive incentives for airlines that return timetables as soon as they know they will not operate flights as allocated. You don't have to wait for the last day specified in the rules or too short to add a replacement flight in time. Since airlines that will be flying during free time will also need time to prepare, airlines do not have enough aircraft. For increasing the number of flights sufficient to meet the need for solutions. Speed up the approval process Allow airlines to procure additional aircraft more quickly and relax relevant regulations to allow airlines to quickly procure additional aircraft. Aircraft must be repaired overseas. As a result, the aircraft disappeared from the system insufficiently for the implementation of solutions. Long Term Revise relevant laws to promote investment in high-potential repair centers from abroad. Short Term Parts Consider allowing Thai airlines to use THAI's repair centers which have high potential. By easing conditions related to the demand for travel on routes where few or only one airline operates, as the market of some airports is not yet popular. Due to low travel demand, airlines that operate flights have to set high fares to make them cost-effective. The more expensive the tickets, the fewer passengers according to the solution market mechanism. Study the appropriateness and feasibility of Thailand adopting a subsidy policy. For airlines operating flights to non-major markets, such as secondary tourist destinations, unpopular airports, this is a policy that has been widely used around the world and has been successfully auctioned for airlines to compete. To set low ticket prices or incentivize passengers to use the service. The state subsidizes the difference to the airline despite the state's expense, but it will help the secondary city promotion policy to work. A country that has already operated and succeeded very well.  
Accelerate the M81 motorway "Bangyai-Kan" to finish by 2024|Department of Highways reveals progress of M81 motorway "Bangyai-Kanchanaburi" with 56,178 million baht Civil works have been completed in 14 episodes, with the remaining 11 episodes aiming to finish by 2024 with free running for 3 months in September 2024. Today (9 Apr 2023) sarawut songsivilai The Director-General of the Department of Highways (TAT) said that the Department of Highways has continued to develop the intercity motorway network as an alternative to travel and transport goods more conveniently, quickly and safely, in order to improve the quality of life of the people. A total distance of 96 km is one of the projects. Civil works, including system and maintenance work, are underway to develop an important strategic route that complements the transportation and logistics network and completely opens the doors of trade in western Thailand. Mr. Tanasak Vongthanakitcharoen Director of the Intercity Highway Division said that the construction of the M81 motorway on the Bangyai-Kanchanaburi line with the amount of 56,178 million baht, civil construction is divided into 25 parts, currently 14 parts have been completed over a distance of 70 km, namely Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 14, 15, 17, 18, 20, 21, 22, 23, 25, 90.21% of which are 5.6% behind plan. The civil works are expected to be completed in all 25 parts by January 2024, and the goal is to open the system for testing and open the service for free to the public for a three-month trial in September 2024 and officially open all along the route by January 2025. A total of 8 checkpoints have been handed over to the area. now Total progress was 13.62%, lagging behind the plan by 4%, while private sector co-investment and curbside accommodation management 3 (1 contract) 6,400 million baht It is divided into 2 highway service centers in Nakhon Chaisri district. In the process of finalizing the Private Venture Investment (PPP) scheme and preparing documents for the selection of private venture capital, it is expected that it will be open to private sector opinions. Before announcing the invitation for tenders and selling documents in the third quarter of 2023 and opening for bidding later this year, the M81 motorway plans to temporarily open in sections 17-23, a distance of about 30 km in Kanchanaburi province, which is under exploration. Consider whether it is appropriate to be able to open a temporary trial service. Taking into account the safety and quantity of needs of road users, the main news report from the The M81 motorway is a four- to six-lane intercity motorway. It has a total distance of 96 km, with a starting point connecting to the Ron Ring Road outside Bangkok (Kanchanapisek Road) on the west side. Bangyai, Nonthaburi The end point is on Highway No. 324 (Kanchanaburi–Phanom Thuan Road) through 4 provinces, namely Bangkok, Nonthaburi, Nakhon Pathom and Kanchanaburi. There are 3 roadside accommodation and facilities for road users, divided into 2 highway service centers at Nakhon Chaisri and Mueang Nakhon Pathom districts, and 1 roadside accommodation facility at Tha Maka district. 
Annuity 2 State Welfare Card Transfer in April 18 to pay for water and electricity bills|The government announced the news of the 2nd annuity of the state welfare card transferred on April 18. Pay water and electricity bills to alleviate the burden of living expenses for people today (17 April 2023) Miss TIPANAN SIRICHANA Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence aim to reduce inequality and improve the welfare of the people by addressing specific problems. On April 18, 2023, the Comptroller General's Department, Ministry of Finance will transfer the second installment to State Welfare Card holders according to the transfer schedule to State Welfare Card holders. Every 1st, 18th and 20th of the month, Ms. Tipanan said: Those who receive the first installment of the State Welfare Card are already on the 1st of the month. People who use the privilege can use their ID card to scan and pay for purchases, with a limit of 300 baht per month, a discount on the purchase of cooking gas of 80 baht per 3 months, a limit of 750 baht per month for transportation via public transport, which cannot be withdrawn in cash and does not accumulate in the following month. The 3rd installment, on the 20th of the month, will transfer an additional 200 baht per month disability premium to those who have a disability card.
Transport cuts taxi driver's license points for not pressing the meter - repeatedly wrong license suspension|The Department of Transport tightens measures to cut points for driver's licenses for public taxis. If the complaint is found, immediate legal action will be taken and repeatedly wrong, the license will be suspended and revoked today (April 23, 2023). Reporters reported that there were not enough taxis available to meet demand. People still face this problem, especially using the service at Mo Chit Bus Terminal 2 during important festivals. Director-General, Department of Land Transport He revealed that the Department of Transport has always had supervision measures and preventive measures, especially complaints made through the 1584 hotline, where unfair citizens can file complaints to take legal action under the Transport Act. Read the news: Long wait! Mochit 2 passengers face shortage of taxis - inadequate. The Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Transport has ordered strict measures to cut points for public transport taxi driver's licenses. In this regard, the Department of Transportation has taken strict action. If an offence is found, legal action can be taken immediately. Initially, there will be measures to arrest/fine and cut points for driving a driver's license, if repeat offenses are cut off the full number of points, they will consider suspending the license or revoking the license to drive a public taxi vehicle. Not only are people waiting to file a complaint through the number 1584, but also if they know the source of the offense, such as Mo Chit Bus Terminal 2, where they regularly witness offenses, especially during important festivals. The Department of Transport has sent an inspector to supervise public taxis with a number of addresses in the registration system with the Department of Land Transport. Meanwhile, the Department of Transport surveyed taxis that used meters to retune fares during the month. Last Feb. It was found that about 60,000 cars actually came into service, confirming that there was still enough to meet the demand during normal periodsRead related news Mo Chit 2 passengers cried cheaply Win Jyo-taxi price deflection 
"Send it again" Prime Minister asks the SAT to approve the central budget to speed up help with electricity bills this May|After the April 25 cabinet meeting, approved a solution to urgent electricity bill problems in the monthly installment. This May, and has sent the case to The SAT considered approving the central budget, but it was reported that the SAT bounced back recently. The Prime Minister reiterated that the government is prepared to submit details of measures to reduce electricity bills. The SAT reconsidered today (29 April 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister Stated before traveling to Trang province to give a speech during the last bend as a candidate for Prime Minister. Ruam Thai Nation Building Party to the case of the Election Commission (SEC) Pushing back on the government's request to consider using the central budget to help people with electricity bills, Gen Prayuth Indicates that details are being submitted. The Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, April 25, approved the proposal of the SAT for approval of the central budget of 11,112 million baht. The Cabinet Secretariat has coordinated the submission of a letter from the Ministry of Energy to the SAT for consideration in order to approve the Cabinet's approval of the use of the central budget to reduce the burden on electricity bills for the people. of the Company's tens of billions. Meanwhile, the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) reiterated its commitment to taking care of people's impacts on electricity bills by using the principle of operation management to generate electricity from power plants with the lowest fuel cost first to higher fuel costs, respectively, according to EGAT's power plant commissioning conditions. Must comply with the Energy Business Act B.E. 2550 (2007) to ensure fairness and non-discrimination. Deputy Governor of Strategic Affairs, EGAT Spokesperson Disclosure of monthly power generation management Jan-Apr EGAT and private power plants have purchased electricity from 2 baht/unit to 9.85 baht/unit, but the purchase volume at 6.11-9.85 baht/unit is only 7 percent. Spot LNG is still cheaper than production at 7.91-11.36 baht/unitRead related news Election 2023: "Moving Forward" Open Evidence "The Commissioner" He was ordered to conduct an election poll. Political Party Election 2023: Chonburi Election Field Drilling Scholars point to the fight "Big House-New House-New Politics" Election 2023 : "Warawut" to go to the last bend to campaign in the city to ask for votes for "Thai nation development"
Solve doubts next to Solar Rooftop residential house Reduce expensive electricity bills|If anyone is thinking of installing a Solar Rooftop, try to read before making a decision. Department of Alternative Energy Development and Efficiency Solve doubts about installing Solar Rooftop for residential houses, Department of Alternative Energy Development and Efficiency (DEDE) 10 questions about installing a solar rooftop for a residential home to help reduce electricity bills in the summer After increasing public interest in installing solar on the roofSuggestion: Electricity from solar production is best to use immediately and popular to install as a system that can be used in conjunction with the electricity system of the Electricity Authority.Suggestion: The roof has a slope of about 15 degrees and faces south, so that it will produce the best electricity.Tips: If you choose larger than necessary, you must invest high and return capital slowly.Tips: Most roofs already have enough space to install.Tips: If you invest in a larger installation, the investment cost per 1 kilowatt will be lower.Tips: If you can use electricity from the solar rooftop to its full capacity and use panels with higher efficiency, it will return capital faster.Tips: Unit cost above Not including annual maintenance costs, such as panel cleaning, annual inspection, may increase costs by about 10%. After-sales service, including product warranty Recommendation: You can study the requirements for installing Solar Rooftop and connecting the system of each electricity from the website of MEA and PEA.Recommendation: In general, the installation service provider will help process various permits to help facilitate service recipients. Read related news Solar cell addiction jumps 30% - Win a chance to reduce electricity bills April 24 April is very hot! For every 1 degree increase, the air conditioner consumes 3% more electricity. MEA answered. High temperature. Make electrical appliances consume more electricity. 
