Politics is bustling!|Many political parties have intensified their campaign over the weekend to "go a long way" in the Northeast. Launch that candidate MPs in Buriram, Bueng Kan and Nong Khai provinces, the leader of the "Democratic" party, participated in the activities of educational institutions. Focus on Equitable Education Development on February 10, 2023 Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Leader of the Democratic Party He reiterated during his attendance at Suan Rose Wittayalai School's annual awards day as an alumnus that during his time as Minister of Education in 2008, he had seen problems in education, both quality and inequality. Therefore, children in other provinces must be encouraged. There are communication channels and study with tutoring institutes as well as central, in order to increase the chances of university entrance examinations and to promote academic equality as the party advances. Headed by Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the far-right party, along with the party leaders and prospective Northeast MP candidates, went to the area over the weekend. Mr. Pitha reiterated this during a campaign speech in Buriram, Bueng Kan and Nong Khai. That Buriram people have no owners, no big houses, and want change and propose policies to improve the quality of life for Buriram people. By changing the army budget to the welfare of the people and focusing on equal distribution of power in all provinces. Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, the party leader, led the team to the area in Kanjaburi province. He opened his speech at the multipurpose plaza of the River Kwai Bridge last night and unveiled the party's candidates and asked Kanchanaburi residents for an opportunity to work in the House of Assembly to push through important legislation to help with education and suspend debts for the people, such as farmers' debt and the latest cooperative debt. Mr. Supachai Jaisamut Proud Thai Party Registrar Revealed that the Proud Thai Party has resolved to nominate Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul as the only candidate for Prime Minister because he is suitable for experience, knowledge and abilityRead more: "Thammanat" backfires homesickness back to the PDP, pushes "Prawit" to sit as Prime Minister "Surabth" to discuss the House of Assembly to solve dust problems Hijack the Prime Minister to expedite approval. Clean air km. "for Thailand" Launch that candidate South-Northeast MPs confident in 400 districts this February
"Nikorn" Won, the government-opposition, did his last job of salvaging the image of the Parliament.|"Nikorn" Won, the government-opposition to save the image of the last parliament to release the Thai Development Nation to join the quorum to reveal traditions and practices Call the party MPs before entering the chamber today (12 February 2023). Mr. Nikorn Chamnong, director general of the National Thai Development Party (TAT), said the general debate on Article 152 of the Constitution that the House of Representatives is scheduled to take place on February 15-16 that Article 152 provides that the number of members of the House of Representatives shall not be less than one-tenth of the total number of members of the House of Representatives. Mr. Warawut Silpa-archa, as the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment, has previously stated that he is willing to use this opportunity to answer questions and listen to suggestions from the Council for further action. During his remaining time as a minister under the responsibilities of the administration, Nikorn said he would attend regular council meetings as he had done in the past, seeing that the council's work, no matter what, was beneficial to the people. As for politics, the overall picture is a very good opportunity. In correcting the negative image of the House due to repeated collapses, Mr. Nikorn said that political opinions about the political disadvantage of the opposition and the government were not acceptable. With political experience that has been debated in the House for a long time, it is likely that the opposition may use this opportunity to criticize the government in hopes of benefiting the people. But if the debate is to hope for results only in their own upcoming elections, it may have negative results because people will see that it is not sincere, Mr. Nikorn said, for the government side, this is the last chance to explain to the general public, not the opposition. Serious problems in the case of COVID-19 Start relaxing. Tourists are returning. As a result, the country's economy began to improve. People are starting to feel hopeful if the government does not take this opportunity to explain to the people about tomorrow's opportunity in the country and clarify the doubts of the people in the past yesterday. On the last occasion of the 25th House of Representatives, the 26th House of Representatives will soon be replaced.
"Anucha" Insist there is no lobby crash general discussion.|"Anucha" Confirming that there is no lobbying for a general debate on February 15-16, believe the news release just hit a fish in the face.  Today (13 February 2023) Mr. Anucha Nakasai Minister in the Prime Minister's Office As the Government Whip Liaison Committee addressed the council meetings, he said that he generally tried to oversee council meetings by requiring members to attend every meeting, but problems arose from both the opposition and the government, which prevented the council from reaching a quorum. Both sides said that the other side was responsible, it was a toss-toss that was not correct, and tried to make every meeting of the House go on as usual, when asked by reporters whether he was still confident that the general debate on Article 152 would take place normally. As part of the Government Whip, there has been no mention of boycotting or not participating in the general debate under Article 152, which is actually the duty of MPs on both sides. Mr. Anucha believes that it was a fish strike in the speaker's face. Otherwise, they would have already named who or how, because I personally insisted that there was not the slightest bit of lobbying.
"Chaithawat" intercepts government MPs Don't play parliamentary games to escape debate|"Chaitawat" Doug Government MPs don't play parliamentary games, escape debate 152, act like spinal cows, reveal 'big step', prepare 10 warlords ready to work hard to check government bills before elections on February 13 (February 2023) Mr. Chaitawat Tulathon The General Secretary of the Progressive Party said that MPs on the government side may not be present as a quorum for the general debate without a resolution under Article 152 between February 15 and 16 to prevent the opposition from discussing that it is not a good thing to do. The tide of disbelief in the government will immediately increase because discussion is a normal mechanism to monitor the government while also providing an opportunity for the government to clarify issues that society suspects. Especially in recent times, many scandals have occurred. If this general debate under Article 152, which will be the last before the election, does not cooperate, even a quorum. The more people see the government as a lazy cow and the allegations of the opposition are true, Mr. Chaithawat said the party is ready to go a long way in the debate, saying that there are 10 debaters during the two days of the general debate. He believes that all information will be useful to the people in the elections, with the Progressive Party asking for the best opposition MPs before the House closes. After the election, he switched to the executive branch to speed up the country's recovery after removing the military party from power.
The NACC pointed out the cause of the offense. "Former Deputy Secretary of State" If the ballot is not tracked for counting|NACC finds former deputy secretary of the SAT Nat Liusiwakul guilty of serious disciplinary breach in case of 2019 ballot in New Zealand Votes will not be counted today (13 February 2023). Mr. Niwatchai Kasemmonkol Secretary General of the Board NACC as spokesperson The NACC disclosed about the alleged case. Mr. Nat Laoseesawakul When he was in office, Deputy Secretary General of the Board Election with 3 people accused of offences against official office In case of refraining from taking delivery and tracking diplomatic mail bags containing ballot envelopes for members of the House of Representatives outside the Kingdom. From the Royal Thai Embassy, Wellington Thai Airways International Public Company Limited (THAI) acknowledged that the diplomatic mail bags had arrived in Thailand. On 23 Mar 2019 That's why the Election Commission resolved to cast ballots from the Royal Thai Embassy in Wellington. Points cannot be counted as The Election of Members of the House of Representatives Act B.E. 2561 (2018), Section 114, from the inquiry heard that Mr. Nat, who was assigned to control Monitoring, auditing, supervising Manage and coordinate the election of members of the House of Representatives. In 2019, the Minister of Foreign Affairs (MP) has been informed since March 22, 2019 that the sending of diplomatic mail bags containing ballots from the Royal Thai Embassy in Wellington to Thailand. There were delays and they may not meet the deadline to deliver the ballots to the constituency by March 23, 2019. However, Mr. Nat did not amend, recommend, order, convene consultations or report to superiors to resolve such issues until March 23, 2019. At 8.50 p.m., the diplomatic mail bag arrived at Suvarnabhumi Airport and Mr. Nat was informed but did not direct or coordinate to receive the diplomatic mail bag or report to the commanding officer to solve the problem. That's why the ballot from the Royal Thai Embassy, Wellington It cannot be counted as a vote by the Board of Directors. The NACC considered and resolved that the election of members of the House of Representatives is an expression of rights and freedoms, equality, independence as well as an important duty of the Thai people. that the Constitution stipulates and requires a large budget. Those who have relevant duties must perform their duties with great care and attach great importance to the performance of their duties by deliberately failing to comply with the law. Regulations of the Office and resolutions of the Board of Directors causing serious damage to the office. Disobeying orders or avoiding compliance with orders of superiors who lawfully perform their duties. This caused serious damage to the office according to the Election Commission Regulation on Personnel Management B.E. 2547 (2004) and its amendments against the other two accused, who are officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. It has carried out the follow-up of such diplomatic mail bags in accordance with its authority. The facts are not sufficient to establish that there was an intentional omission of duty or wrongful performance of duties, so the charges are dropped.
"Sudarat" Launching 8 prospective MPs candidates ready to bump into the big house "Chonburi-Prachinburi" |"Sudarat"  Launching 8 prospective MPs candidates ready to bump into the big house "Chonburi-Prachin" announced to flag the eastern region Today (13 Feb 2023) Mrs. Sudarat Keyurapan Leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party Mr. Udomdej Rattanasatien Chairman of the Area Management Committee Deputy Party Leader Prawat Uttamoch and Thai Sang Thai Party leader Chawalit Wijayasut held a press conference to launch their candidates. MPs from Chonburi and Prachinburi provinces wear Thai Sang Thai Party shirts. Show readiness Prepare for the election and continue to work for the people of Chonburi and Prachinburi. Chonburi Provincial Congressman Thai Sang Thai Party 7 candidates1.Ms.Spuntyoke Thongyuchanachol that the candidate Chonburi District 12.Mr.Chaichai Ajwarin that the candidate Chonburi District 23.Mr.Rojanin Siribenyaphirom that the candidate Chonburi District 34.Mr.Pornchai Wonglomnil that the candidate Chonburi District 55.Mr.Buncha Sa and Wong that the candidate Chonburi District 76.Mr.Sakonchai Charoenrujijin that the candidate Chonburi District 87.Mrs.Sasimaporn Chomprai that the candidate Chonburi District 10 Prachinburi Provincial Congressman, Thai Sang Thai Party, 1 person1. Prachin Provincial Congressman, District 2Khun Ying Sudarat said that the country's economy must not grow from borrowing, so we declared war on corruption, especially policy corruption, including gray capital from lottery, casinos, brothels and extortion. In addition, the policy of the Thai Sang Thai Party meets the needs of the people, which is a policy that is well taken care of, while Mr. Rojanin Siribenyaphirom, the candidate for Chonburi District 3, said that the people of Chonburi and the eastern region have been struggling for many years. Therefore, we have guidelines for the development of the area through projects such as the development of EEC projects to be complete as well as the development of special economic zones, so we invite the people to join the ideology with the Thai Sang Thai Party to develop the country together with the Thai Sang Thai Party.
"For Thailand" prepares to protest Bangkok electoral division scheme|"Vijayan" pointed out that the Bangkok constituency form 1-2 is most appropriate, preparing to submit an opposition to the 6-7-8 format, which will create confusion with the people. Today (13 Feb 2023) Pheu Thai Party, led by Mr. Wichan Minchainun Bangkok Region Chairman Pheu Thai Party, Miss Teerarat Pundwanit Pheu Thai Party Spokesperson, Mrs. Supaporn Kongwuttutpanya, MP for Phasi Charoen District, Pheu Thai Party, attended a press conference on the proposal of the Pheu Thai Party's constituency demarcation model in Bangkok. Ms. Teerarat challenged the preparation of 5 forms that are too many and 3 more forms have been made, a total of 8 forms, which caused confusion among the people in the constituency before pointing out that it is a distorted zoning that is not in accordance with the nature of each area, the 6-7-8 zoning scheme is not in accordance with the Act on the Election of MPs and does not facilitate people to exercise their rights and creates difficulties for election officials because the working districts are divided to vote in another district, so they believe that it will cause many problems and more bad ballots. It also causes confusion among candidates about whether the same district has 2-3 candidates. Before asking to comply with the law. Mr. Wichan said that Bangkok has 33 constituencies with a population of more than 5,490,000 people. As for type 6-7-8, it is considered that the public will be confused. When considering laws and notices The SEC pointed out that the zoning of the SEC could confuse the public and cause the card to be broken. The Pheu Thai Party gave an example of the Thon Chom Thong constituency No. 24-27, type 7, where 1 constituency has 4 MPs and constituency 11, type 8, 1 MP oversees 4 districts. Same party. People are still confused, such as constituencies 16-17, Mr. Vijayan stated that the SAT has adopted various methods to divide the districts, which is a hassle causing confusion. In particular, Bangkok may have more than 30 candidate parties, if the district is divided into sub-districts, it may be a district MP, not a district MP, as a new dimension of zoning. There were 4 original counties, and type 8 did not bring back the counties at all. Demarcation Commission Overlapping bureaucratic work with Phasi Charoen divided into 3 constituencies, he noted that the division of this constituency is believed to be a problem and that the people are being coup d'état from the division of constituencies. Pheu Thai Party prepares to file objections to Bangkok electoral division scheme this afternoon As for the clarification of the SAT that the electoral division claimed only the number of people, it could not be listened to before demanding that the SEC divide the constituencies appropriately for the people to travel conveniently.
"Santhana" raids DSI to file gray police exam involved in online gambling|"Santhana" handed over evidence to DSI about online gambling sites Check the connection and investigate it as a special case. "Luke Ferrari" Police driving luxury car to open a software company related to gambling websites today (February 13, 2023) Mr. Santana Prayoonrat More than 180 sheets of information about police related to illegal business were handed over to the Department of Special Investigation (DSI). In particular, "Inspector Sua", who was dismissed from the government service because he was found to be related to online gambling sites, Mr. Santhana said that he knew about Inspector Sua's involvement with online gambling sites since 2021 along with a list of 240 gambling websites and made a complaint to the police commissioner at that time to investigate the facts. According to the Information Act, Mr. Santhana also mapped the links of online gambling sites with links to key drug dealers and the management of Lottery Plus, all of which were interconnected, and asked DSI to investigate them all, including finding information about Inspector Sua, who had a partner in a wet market and a flea market in Taling Chan district, with a photo with a politician congratulating him on the opening day. In addition, it also disclosed the information of 14 companies that Inspector Sua operated, most recently Mr. Santhana sent a letter to Maj. Gen. Thiti Saeng. Metropolitan Police Commissioner on Feb. 9 last year due to the discovery of police rank information. One of the officers under the Administrative Division. The Metropolitan Police Headquarters, also known as "Luke Ferrari", has a large amount of property in its possession, especially Ferrari luxury cars and many other brands. There are beautiful license plates on every car. In addition, he also runs a software and computer company, which is sent to the Metropolitan Police to investigate whether he is involved in the online gambling business. Mr. Santhana has taken photos of police ranks. Lt. Gen. "J." In front of the newly completed large villa. There was a merit making job to build a new house, revealed to the media and questioned how this house came about. Along with asking him to come out to show his sincerity if he did not commit a crime, Mr. Santhana also brought the information of the police officer rank Maj. Gen. "A." Claiming to be a classmate of Pol. Gen. Surachet Hakpal who was behind the online gambling website and ordered the incident to carry the gambling website administrator to assault him. Send it to DSI for filing documents and evidence this time. Mr. Santhana did not expect DSI to take special cases and did not put pressure on DSI's work because he understood that DSI is another agency that has to work under the command of politics, but he saw this information as an important case to investigate due to the large number of police involvement and the turnover of more than 100,000 million baht.
"Prawit" went to Kanchanaburi area to monitor the water situation.|"Prawit" landed in Kanchanaburi province, ordered to speed up the increase of water and groundwater reservoirs Solve repeated droughts in 5 districts and accelerate the resolution of arable land problems for the people today (February 13, 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, in his capacity as Director of the National Water Administration Division (Gonch.), visited the government inspection site and monitored the implementation of water resources projects in Kanchanaburi province. Mr. Chayan Muangsong Deputy Secretary-General, Office of National Water Resources (ONRC) As Secretary of the National Water Administration and representatives from relevant agencies at the large-scale groundwater supply project. Nong Fai Subdistrict, Lao Kwan District, Kanchanaburi Province in this field visit. Gen. Prawit handed over the documents. SOP 4-01 to the sheriff to pass on to the people in the area and congratulated the people who were allowed to enter the land reform zone according to the government policy that focuses on solving land problems, especially the distribution of ownership rights to the people to promote jobs and improve people's quality of life. Monitoring, supervising Project to solve water shortage problem in 5 districts, namely Bo Ploy district. Nongprue Huay Krachao In addition, the National Park Department has directed various agencies to strictly implement the 10 measures to cope with the dry season, whereby Kanchanaburi Province must accelerate the integration and expansion of the water transmission system of the groundwater development project in the hard-to-find areas due to the royal initiative in all 5 districts. The Department of Forestry is urgently considering the application for the development of the Lam Isu Reservoir to help people suffering from water shortages. Expedite the Royal Irrigation Department to complete the renovation of Lam Isu Reservoir and major water resources development projects. The Department of Groundwater Resources has been directed to expedite the exploration and solution of water scarcity problems, as well as to expedite the expansion of the water distribution system to its full potential to alleviate the suffering of the people. Kanchanaburi In addition, the Office of the National Land Policy Board has been assigned to expedite the issuance of rights documents and solve land problems in various overlapping areas for the people to have the rights documents correctly. Deputy Secretary-General, ONTC He added that from the past performance in 2018-2022, the development in Kanchanaburi province has 1,486 plans/projects/pond, 58,781 rai of beneficiary area, and 33,527 households benefited with a capacity of 16.59 million cubic meters. The protected area is 3,789 rai, with the construction of an embankment protection dam of 11,780 meters, with 3 major projects to be expedited to be completed as planned, totaling 324 million cubic meters. The beneficiary area was 569,598 rai, with 75,469 households benefiting. As follows:1) Lam Isu Reservoir Capacity Expansion Project Currently, IEE and design are under review and space use applications are in progress.2) Srinakarin Dam Diversion Project Phase 1 is currently under design and 3) Srinakarin Dam Diversion Tunnel Project. Currently, the study has been completed and is under Environmental Design and Review (EIA).
Chon Nan believes there will be no collapse of the Parliament and threatens to launder outside the Parliament if the debate is overturned.|Chon Nan believes there will be no collapse of the Parliament, pointing out that if the government collapses the debate stage. Section 152 will definitely lead to a debate outside the House of Commons. Today (13 February 2023), Pheu Thai Party leaders led by Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Party Leader, Mr. Sutin Arlangsaeng, Deputy Party Leader and Chairman of the Opposition Whip Chiang Mai MP Julapan Amornwiwat and Opposition Whip announced the 152nd General Debate on February 15-16. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, as stated to the state institution, especially the 12 urgent policies and pointed out that issues arose during the administration of this government. There are many issues that remain in doubt, such as gray businesses, technology disasters. The threat of drugs, corruption, being questioned. The Cabinet for Recommendation is the fact that it has arisen to be presented to the Cabinet. Government MPs may not constitute a quorum, but as the leader of the opposition, I do not believe that such an incident will happen, and deliberate breach of duty will affect the democratic government with the King as head of state. This is extremely dangerous, but if it does happen, the opposition has measures to support it: 1.Debate outside the House of Commons, in which the government will lose the opportunity to clarify, if necessary, and the motion will not end until the close of session on February 28.2.Believe that the deliberate blockade without inspection is a deliberate violation of the Constitution and will consider implementing the law.3.What happens if not discussed? It will become an issue of prosecution against the people in the election field of Mr. Sutin. He said the opposition was proud to conduct regular audits. And this time it is a final examination for the people to know, especially the policies that have been announced to the people, such as security policies, but the government is the destroyer of security itself. Modern crime, quorum crash In history, there has never been a government that has failed to debate, it would be an accusation that an elected government would ask to be prime minister again. But refusing to investigate will be charged with fleeing guilt, evading scrutiny, blocking public perception. He reiterated that the discussion under Section 152 on questions and suggestions may reflect the failure of the government while Mr. Julapan Amornvivat Reiterate readiness to discuss both content and issues. There are 2 days of discussion time on the first day. The opposition will debate for 12 hours and the government will clarify for 3 hours on the 2nd day, the opposition will debate for 12 hours, the rest will be the government to clarify, with the opposition preparing a total of 35 debaters, opened by the leader of the opposition and followed by the leader of the party and representatives of the party leader. The senator said in an interview that the senator would block Ms Paetongtarn Shinawatra refused to become prime minister despite the party's landslide, saying it was a risky comment and violated people's rights and freedoms. 250 MPs to raise the status equivalent to the number Senator without disrespect. However, the senator only believes that if the Pheu Thai Party wins more than 250 votes, it will be the mandate of the people. At the same time, the opinion that came out was not the opinion of all senators. Let's not assume that it is the opinion of the senator, while Mr. Sutin said that if you consider the origin of the senator who came out to talk about this, whether it came from the appointment and when he came in, what mission is to help and support protect the person appointed according to the interview that he will choose only Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan and Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha are the only prime ministers, and senators are appointed to undermine democracy, which is to inherit power to the dictatorship. 
Open Warp "Narutchai Bunnag" Grandfather "Marut" but chose to snub "Thai Build Thai"|Mr. Narutchai Bunnag or "Pom", 32, said that the candidate for Bangkorlaem-Yannawa Not only is he new to politics, but he is also the "grandfather" of Marut Bunnag, a former multi-time Democratic Party MP and former speaker of the House of Representatives. Because he was too young, but because of his interest in politics, in 2021 he went to help Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit. The leader of the Democratic Party, but has not yet applied for party membership. Later in 2022, she decided to join politics seriously with Ms. Sudarat. Geyurapan The leader of the Thai Party, Mr. Narutchai is infected with not leaving the row. He holds a Master of Laws from Cornell University and the University of Southern California. Currently, he is in charge of Marut Bunnag Law Firm, a lawyer who followed in his grandfather's footsteps but chose to join the Thai Sang Thai Party. Because he sees that there is a party policy that meets the needs of the people. It's not flashy, it's been analyzed and done. The personnel and leaders of the party really see the importance. In particular, the policy of having a public pension of 3,000 baht to the elderly who do not have enough income. Free education until 12 years of bachelor's degree Credit for small people fund loans ranging from 5 thousand to 50 thousand baht and repeal laws that allow civil servants to extort people's money. The Thai Sang Thai Party MP said that this is a problem that needs to be solved urgently and wants all relevant agencies to take care of it. now He was just that the MP candidate could not do much, so he offered it as an alternative to the people"Since the coup d'état in 2006 until now, our country has never escaped the cycle of conflict. There are many groups of colored sports. Pick one side, but the other get up and hit each other. It's not over. Not answered. He reiterated that as a new generation, he wants to see politics where everyone has the same goal, which is to make the country and the economy better, thinking about the common good rather than himself, no matter what the outcome after the election.
Analysis: "Big House" Who says the political role is "reduced"?|The countdown to the election of MPs is also open for the selection of new political parties for former MPs or candidates. MPs still have plenty of time to rush because once the deadline of Feb. 7, 2023 is passed, it's a safe period for candidate qualifications. MPs who must be affiliated with a political party for at least 90 days, if counted according to the timeline previously prepared by the Election Commission, the politicians' flea market has not yet closed. As a result, the chances of a party such as the Ruam Thai National Building Party, which has named Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha as the prime minister's candidate on the party's account, still have a chance. Undecided MPs or politicians Undecided. Coming to increase the balance of the party can be on one side will help reduce the speech on the subject. No more than 25 MPs can get down. Undoubtedly, but on the other hand, some political parties have to both win and lull. MPs in the party agreed to stay with the party. There must also be a negotiation on benefits in the case of Chonburi group of the big house "Khun Pluem" family, it is clear that waving goodbye to the power of the state. Back to the Thai Party, Mr. Twilight, you are flattered. The current big brother of the group. Candidates in all 10 districts, but this time they have to open a 3-way battle with the whole new house group with Mr. Suchart Chomklin. General of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party While the Pracharath Party I hope to retain the party's MP chair as well. By choosing the heir of Ban Yai Chonburi in the past as well. Led by several MPs. Mr. Surawut Janchamnong is the leader of the "Samut Prakan Progressive Group" team of Ban Yai "Asawame" in Samut Prakan Province, even more eye-catching because even though he is still affiliated with the Power Pracharat Party and has been bought by "Big Pom", Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Party leader, give me a chair. Deputy Minister of Agriculture to Mr. Sunthorn Pansangthong A local politician close to the family since the time of Mr. Wattana Aswame the other day. Mr. Sunthorn Pansangthong took the stage to give a speech for "Nong Song" Call to Samut Prakan Elect MPs on Proud Thai Party list As for the district MPs, he also used the word that Samut Prakan Progressive MPs, if they run on behalf of any party, they will choose that party, which is still uncertain whether they will be in the Pracharath Power Party as well as Nakhon Ratchasima province, which will have 16 more MPs, will be fighting 4 big houses to fight in the election field since the "big house" Rattanasate family of Mr. Virat Rattanasert. Power Pracharath Party As the "old champion" and also the chief general in charge of the entire South East. "Lip Puppy" over the past 1 year Mr. Suwat, as chairman of the Pattanaklao Party, is also actively participating in activities with the party in the area. Mr. Korn Jatikvanich Former Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs who has contributed to leading the country through the hamburger crisis. Although there are only 4 MPs, but the interest is that 2 big houses that have always been rivals are the "Shinesaeng family" led by Mr. Jaturon Shinesaeng and the Tancharoen family of Mr. Suchart Tancharoen. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister visited Phetchabun province to help Mr. Santi twice in a short period of time. It is inevitable that the triad group of Mr. Somsak Thepsutin and Mr. Suriya Rungruangkit who previously seemed uncomfortable with the return of former party secretary-general R. Thammanat Prompao who had taken the chair away from Mr. Anucha Nakasai. Another leader of the Sammitr group, Ban Yai group, and large political groups has remained active and important in the electoral field in many provinces and areas as before. Although the younger generation in many provinces has begun to have significantly different opinions and political positions from the older generations.
Ranong military detains 21 migrant workers at sea smuggled into Thailand|Ranong soldiers intercept cargo ships smuggling illegal workers into Thailand Ranong province was prepared to take 21 people to work on construction work in Chumphon province, then the officers brought to prosecute soldiers at Saranee Island checkpoint together with the 2521st Infantry Regiment, 25th Infantry Regiment Task Force, Thepsatri Force, sailing after a suspicious cargo ship. In the middle of the sea, Ranong province after finding that heading towards the Thai side. Then he took control of the vessel. Come to the Saranee Island checkpoint. Paknam, Muang Ranong, Ranong A search of the ship's interior found a Myanmar vessel owner who claimed to be the leader of 21 workers with luggage. Entering Thai territorial waters Upon enquiry, it was learned that all the workers lived on an island. In Myanmar's Kawthaung Province. He was going to work in construction at Langsuan He paid a commission of 18,000 baht each to Myanmar nationals, but he was arrested first, and then the authorities detained the leader of the escort with labor to Ranong immigration officer for further legal proceedings.
"Persuasive" Debate M.152 doesn't crash. The government sets its own date. |"Invite" to point out political rivals Let's see the numbers - names of MPs absent from meetings in case of political use Warn MPs not to be confident to point out that competitors are staring at I believe the debate on Section 152 is not down because the government sets its own date. Confirming that he had never heard of the deal collapse debate today (February 14, 2023). Speaker of the House of Representatives Mention the general debate without a vote in accordance with Article 2 of the Constitution. 152 Between February 15 and 16, there was criticism as to whether a quorum would be reached or not, that the appointment of such meetings was in accordance with the agreement of both parties. The government was of the opinion that it was ready to clarify from February 15 onwards, originally he thought it was too late, but when discussing the two whips, it was as requested by the government on February 15-16. There are 419 members in both parties, 186 opposition and 233 in the government, which is still a fair majority. The government cannot control a quorum, however. The meeting tomorrow (February 15, 2023) will be broadcast on parliamentary television channels that the public can follow, and if there are no problems, it will last for two days, Mr Chuan said. Section 152 is a meeting that asks for facts and recommendations to the government, not a discussion of distrust. This is an opportunity for the government to clarify the facts. Discussion outside the regulations is the duty of the chairman to moderate, however, tomorrow (February 15, 2023). If the meeting cannot be opened, how will the meeting date be postponed? Mr. Chuan said he was optimistic that there was no reason for a quorum not to be included in the consideration of laws that disagreed with him. He sees it as an escape from trouble. The government set its own date should not be a problem, so it believes that a quorum should be reached, but admits that it is uncertain. Mr. Chuan said he had one more week to close the session. If tomorrow's meeting is not possible, Mr. Suchart will discuss the 2 whips again, but there is no more time and some people debate in the council do not dare to announce the name of the original party because there may be a party move, but the important thing is not to show up for the meeting and not press the identification card, which is an unprecedented situation. If anyone wants to come and ask to see the numbers, they can see it. Members who wish to compete in that province can ask to see how many meetings their competitors have held. In case of political leverage whether the people elected are responsible or not, he warned many members who are confident not to be confident. People are following the data. Don't underestimate it. Information systems can now penetrate deeper, and competitors are not stagnant. The names of those who did not show up for the meeting can also be revealed. Telling the people the numbers would have an impact on the popular vote, Mr. Chuan said, not hearing about lobbying to disrupt tomorrow's meeting. However, he informed the Prime Minister that the quorum was broken, but he acknowledged that the government was unable to handle the quorum at the moment. Even with a majority, it requires the cooperation of all parties, as well as a joint session of Parliament in question. Senators do not constitute a quorum, which has just happened, but the Education Act, which will go into consideration on Feb. 17, if the Education Act is to be passed, must constitute a quorum, but the Senate often claims that it can only last from 8 p.m. to 21 a.m. 
The SAT resolved to send the Court of the President to rule on the calculation of MPs from the number of people. |The SAT resolved to send it to the Constitutional Court. The decision to use the number of non-Thai citizens to calculate the number of MPs after many parties were uncomfortable and had disagreements today (February 14, 2023), reporters reported that the Election Commission (SEC) meeting was held on February 14, 2023. Resolved to send the Constitutional Court to rule on the calculation of the number of people who do not have Thai nationality. MPs that each province must have and divide their constituencies. Many parties are uncomfortable and have different opinions. People, political parties, academics and related agencies Both agreed and disagreed with the actions of the SEC, making the work of the SAT doubtful and there should be a way to solve the problem, the SAT considered the matter at its meeting this morning (Feb 14). Following yesterday's meeting (Feb 13) that had not yet reached a conclusion, it was reported that the SAT had resolved to send the matter to the Constitutional Court for decision.
The battle of the direct line measures the strength "for Thai-Proud Thai" in Isaan.|Prospective new candidates The new generation in the Northeast region is trending. Big House politicians promoted to Partylist MPs Meanwhile, the direct descendants of a major political family have been placed in the district congressional system. Clash with former MPs in many areas, especially the Northeast, is a battle zone between the two major parties. The Pheu Thai Party and the Proud Thai Party, which many provinces have gradually introduced new candidates and have already begun campaigning, such as the Arlang family and the Tansap family, Mr. Sutin Arlangsaeng, deputy leader of the Pheu Thai Party. Unveiling the eldest son, "Rath Armoury" or "Ko", a potential MP candidate in District 5 in Mahasarakham province to represent himself as a potential MP in the list system, Mr. Sutin said that as a father and senior politician, he is ready to support his son, who is a new generation of knowledge. Ability and development to be good quality politicians that are accepted by the people in the area because the world today is changing rapidly in all aspects, including technology, investment, competition, new innovations, and information. Apparently, this election has Young Man Young Man Volunteering to represent many villagers, the Mahasarakham MP said that the political heir to the old MP family that the Pheu Thai Party sent to run for office was the new generation. Educated, broad worldview, everyone wants a perfect democracy. The mother generation has not yet succeeded, we must give hope to the next generation, but political change will not happen suddenly, it will gradually change. The younger generation and the older generation must learn. Mr. Sutin said that what he expects and wants to see from his son is to be a Good politics, loved by the villagers, determined to work for the development of the country, and from his campaign campaign he received very good feedback while the Tansap family. samrit tansap Chaiyaphum MP Power Pracharath Party Send a daughter Miss Suchada Tansap or "Idear" came to fight in the area, it is said that the candidate for District 4 of the Proud Thai Party. Although he has never run for election since he is familiar with politics, his father was the mayor of Thep Sathit Subdistrict. Chaiyaphum province for 4 times before turning to play on stage in the national stadium. Ms. Suchada said she had political experience at the age of 24 when she graduated from the Faculty of Engineering, Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology (SIIT), Thammasat College, Inter Region, and joined the Democratic Party without consulting her father. Later, to live with New Dem, a group of young people of Pornrak left the New Dem group. Minister of Industry as spokesperson of the Ministry of Industry Later in 2021, he came to live with Mrs. Kanokwan Vilawan, Deputy Minister of Education. Proud Thai Party She is the Assistant Secretary to the Minister Ms. Suchada, who was an actress and a child of A-Supachai Srivijit. Works But she says acting isn't the right thing in life. When I came to learn and work in the political sphere, I felt like it because the children had seen their father in the area left the villagers before, so they might absorb it unconsciously. Admit that the new generation An up-and-coming young politician running for district congressman has to work diligently to meet the villagers every week. By spending holidays and outside of official hours, "fight? We are a new generation who want to propose to work in politics, based on the perspective, way of thinking and decision of the people whether they are ready to give them a job opportunity or not. Being a politician's heir is a big part of winning an election because my father has been a politician for more than 20 years. Miss Suchada said the direct line battle representing the political family, even though different areas and parties, but it was the first round in the field of the new blood MPs. We have to see if the 2 MPs of the two major parties who each have their father's back as a wall to lean on who will win.
Cabinet pulls out Section 4 of the Prevention of Torture Act until October 1, citing waiting to buy body cameras|Cabinet approved in principle Draft Amendment Decree Four sections of the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act will come into force on October 1, 2023. The incident took time to purchase equipment to detain the accused today (February 14, 2023). MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy spokesman of the Prime Minister's Office said the meeting The Cabinet approved in principle the draft Royal Decree. Amendments to the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act B.E. 2565 (2022), which the entire Act will come into effect on February 22. The Cabinet agreed in principle today to extend the effective period for only Articles 22, 23, 24 and 25, all of which will come into effect from October 1, 2023 onwards, with the extension of the deadline to take effect, as Article 22 deals with the treatment of detainees because the law stipulates that "the detention of public officials in charge shall continuously record video and audio while arresting and detaining until they are handed over to the authorities for investigation or release of such persons." Violation of privacy In practice, according to Articles 22 - 25, the operation and use of many recording equipment must be improved. The main equipment involved is the purchase of body cameras for officers. The Department of Land Transport, the Narcotics Control Bureau and other officials with arresting powers will need more than 170,000 body cameras and 6,000 dash cams to control those arrested. The procurement will be made by e-bidding and will take further time, including the preparation of personnel for the use of audio-visual recording equipment and other guidelines.
"Pravit" Campaign to defeat the enemy to plead for the candidate of the Bangkok MP|"Gen. Prawit" Aurek-Auchai pays homage to Leng Nei Yi Temple on the float Pom Prab Enemy Defeat District Give love to the people of Bangkok to plead for the candidate of the Bangkok MP Power Pracharath Party Show Y2K gestures with heart stickers to give away love(14 (February 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party Use Valentine's Day to lead the party leadership. Mr. Santi Prompat, General Secretary of the Party Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn, Deputy Party Leader Mr. Paiboon Nititawan, Deputy Party Leader Mr. Virat Rattanaset, Deputy Party Leader Mr. Sakonthee Pattiyakul Member of the Party Executive Committee Mrs. Narumon Pinyosinwat, the party treasurer in charge of the Bangkok area and the Bangkok MP candidate, went to the campaign area in Pom Prab Phai area for the first time by leading a group to worship sacred things inside the Dragon Kamalawat Temple or Leng Nei Yi Temple at 9 points. Solve Chong and take selfies, make Y2K gestures, and put stickers in the shape of hearts to people as a symbol of love on Valentine's Day before getting on the campaign float with signs that communicate the meaning of "Defeat the enemy fortress" is to defeat the enemy. traffic jam drug Informal debt, PM 2.5 particulate matter, public transport problems, urban garbage overflow, poverty and people's living costs, as well as slogans overcome conflicts. Gen. Prawit gave a speech asking the people of Bangkok To eliminate various problems, especially to overcome conflicts in society, Gen. Prawit marched to Wat Saket Raja Woramahawiharaya which along the route passed in front of Plubplachai police station heading Luang Rd., Maensri intersection, to Wat Saket on the side of Emperor Pong Road. Gen. Prawit waved hello to the merchants and vendors. People who come to make merit and shop in the area along both sides of the road to send love and care to the people of Bangkok on the day of love. Gen. Prawit asked people to support the candidate of the Power Pracharath Party for a chance to form a government with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Mention of going to the area in the fortress area to defeat the enemy. In Bangkok, the first area that is the first visit to the area, I am glad that the people greet and want Thai people to love each other to overcome conflicts. Eradicate poverty, which the field in the fortress area defeated the enemy today. (Feb. 14) Affirm that they do not see anyone as an enemy, but only poverty and drought as enemies. As for how much feedback will be received from the public? Gen Prawit also refused to confirm how confident he was in the Bangkok area MP election, but assured that the Pracharath Party had sent a candidate with knowledge and ability to develop the Bangkok area. The Pracharath Party will get More than 12 MPs than in the 2019 electionGen Prawit also mentioned that a large group of houses within the Power Pracharath Party gradually resigned, insisting that there was no and insisting that the Sammitr group remained with the Power Pracharath Party, except for Anucha Nakasai. Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, who did not feel any worries because there are still many new party members gradually applying, as well as Khun Pluem's family, who in the past elections did not have representatives in Chonburi province of the Power Pracharat Party. Senators have confirmed their vote to elect the prime minister in a joint session of parliament. To select the Prime Minister, only Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha will be selected. Ruam Thai Nation Building Party and Gen. Prawit from Power Pracharath Party only. He declined to comment, but insisted that no one could order the senator because the senator could think for himself and vote for himself.
"Warawut" ready to clarify work in general discussion forum |"Warawut" confirmed with clarification of the general debate platform, but asked the opposition to debate according to the legal framework, assessing the forum as both disadvantageous and politically advantageous today (February 15, 2023). Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha The Minister of Natural Resources and Environment and the head of the Thai Pattana Party said in a general debate by opposition political parties that when there are doubts about the government, they must answer for clarification. Expressing readiness to answer questions related to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment, where the council's mechanism is the way to ask and answer questions and agree to a debate, Mr. Warawut also noted that the government would be at a disadvantage in this debate. Mr. Warawut also mentioned that if the House collapses and the opposition takes it to debate outside the House, that if it does, the government will not have space to clarify publicly, such as in the House, but he sees that the issue may be just a personal opinion. This morning, the Thai Pattana Party from a meeting to clear the mind of "Peeraphan" and Mr. Warawut also answered a reporter's question about the case of the Ruam Thai National Building Party. MPs in Suphan Buri province until it became an issue with the Thai Pattana Party. Is there an adult to talk to? Mr. Warawut replied that yesterday (February 14, 2023) there was a discussion about the incident with Mr. Peerapan Salirat Wiphak, Secretary-General of the Prime Minister, as the head of the United Thai Nation Building Party, and the discussion at the meeting, the Cabinet acknowledged and thanked him for clarifying what happened to Mr. Warawut. He insisted that the Thai Patana Party has never brought any political issues into its work for the nation as a coalition government. As Minister of Natural Resources and Environment and Mr. Praphat Pothasuthon The Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives will work fully as long as there is a ministerial position, will serve the coalition government and ministerial duties of Thailand to the best of his ability, not involve politics with the people.
Keep an eye on the first day of "general debate."  |Keep an eye on the general debate without consensus. Will the first day of the debate be fierce, will it stumble into any traps, especially how far the quorum will go forward, and will it collapse according to the news flow?  It remains to be seen whether at today's debate stage someone will propose to count the quorum, and whether it causes the quorum to collapse because there may be accusations from the opposition that the government deliberately escaped scrutiny. The context of this situation must be analyzed as to who gains and who loses the general debate without consensus. The motion of the opposition political parties is a parliamentary mechanism to monitor the government's actions under Article 152 of the Constitution. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha has been in government for 4 years, which can be called a check-bill before closing the offensive in the House of Commons in all dimensions. The opposition has launched a "take off the mask of the good man or take off the mask of the good man" campaign. The debate is not trusting at all. This time, it is unlikely to be any different minister who is the main target of this debate. Number 1, of course. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan, Gen. Anupong Phaochinda, Anutin Charnvirakul, and Saksiam Chidchob. Minister from Proud Thai Party, Mr. Suchart Chomkin Labour Minister Gen Prayuth's other right-hand man, Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn and Warawut Silpa-archa The Minister of Property, the issue that is expected to be brought up for a big debate is the issue of gray Chinese capital, which has found links in police circles and politicians, as well as discussions of questions from the far-right party that are waiting to be asked. In case of finding a business connection between grandchildren Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha and Chainut Kornchayanan or Du Hao, as well as noting the unfair transfer of police in related cases involving illegal entertainment venues that are gray Chinese funding. Gambling problems in the middle of the city The problem of corruption that has arisen or the case of police extorting tourists, corruption in the examination of police officers or even in the National Park Department where positions are traded, the drug problem that led to the tragedy in Nong Bua Lamphu province and the violation of civil liberties must follow all issues that will arise in the discussion forum. Whether the government will give an answer or clarification, or whether there will be a fight back from the ruling party's side, where the Proud Thai Party has already declared its position that if the debate is "distrustful", it will protest, or more, propose a quorum for the number of members of the House of Representatives, now there are 419 members, 186 opposition parties, 233 government parties, and a quorum of 210 half. We have to win day by day how there will be a stream of news lobby games to break the quorum.
"Jurin" Affirm Democrat No lobby crashes, debate.|"Jurin" Insist no Democrats lobby crashes a million percent debate Members are reiterated to serve at the end of their term before the end of their term today (February 15, 2023). Mr. Churin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Commerce Minister, head of the Democratic Party, insisted that the Democratic Party will not collapse the quorum because in the past it supported discussions, which were in accordance with the democratic system but required multi-party cooperation. I don't think this debate will have any effect because it is a general debate under Article 152 and there is no vote of no trust in the government. Feb. 15-16 is unknown, but insists that the Democratic Party does not do a million percent.
"Chon Nan" Open Discussion Pointing out the government does not follow 12 urgent policies  |Chon Nan pointed out that the government did not follow 12 urgent policies to solve the economic failure. Corruption and high benefits were found.  No crackdown on gambling Today (February 15, 2023), the House of Assembly held a general debate to question the facts or suggest problems to the Cabinet of Ministers under Article 152 of the Constitution. The opposition leader opened a general debate to question the facts or suggest problems to the Cabinet under Article 152 of the Constitution, stating that the national administration under Gen Prayuth's leadership did not comply with the policies announced to the House, especially the 12 urgent policies such as addressing people's quality of life. The upgrading of agricultural products does not come to fruition. The drug problem is aggravated. Amendments to the Constitution did not do as announced. Spend the budget and incur huge public debt. It cannot solve the economic problems and the stomach of the people fails to use money for political gain. Political reforms have failed, mismanagement of budgets have been found, and corruption has been found to be high and there is a high contribution to the capital group to the partisans and themselves. Addressing land and resource problems, including not cracking down on gambling, failing to prevent technological crimes, and solving problems in the three southern border provinces that are not sparse, Dr. Chonnan said the debate by the 35 opposition MPs will be discussed on various issues. On 12 areas of non-compliance with urgent policies, violence from the 2022 floods in Nong Bua Lamphu province, unfair budget allocation, and corruption of the Progressive Party. Decentralization, land issues, and the benefit of the Democratic Party will discuss corruption in the Orange Line project. Forest land concessions to capitalists, unrest in the southern border region The National Party will debate how to fix the failed economy and the independent opposition will debate drugs. Gambling, foreign land acquisition and failed economic management.  
"Rome" It doesn't end with discussion and confidence in evidence of corruption.|"Rome" confident debate laundering the government has clear evidence of legal condemnation against Reiterate the final debate, elevate the debate equivalent. "Distrust" If the House collapses and is ready for debate outside the House, do not fear prosecution, and do its best. Today (15 Feb 2023) Progressive Party MP Rangsiman Rome said the party's finisher was the last debate in the pre-election debate. The opposition thus elevates the debate to the same level as the distrust debate. In serious work, digging, discussing information. He had been preparing for the debate for 3-4 months and Rangsiman had more time to launder the government. The contents relate to illegal administration and corruption, expressing confidence that there is clear evidence against the government. This will not only end with the debate, but will continue to be implemented. If the ruling party declares that if there is a no-trust debate, it will protest or propose to count a quorum, saying that it does not know why to do so because the previous debate was as serious as many distrust debates, and the opposition did a good job of checking it was in the interest of the people. If the government doesn't want the opposition to do what it wants, Mr. Rangsiman said, is it that the government is going to admit that it has a full wound? I want it to be a platform for both sides. Have a chance to speak The opposition has spoken and the government has clarified. We don't want to use this method to silence anyone, but today should be a platform and opportunity for people to get information. If the government doesn't clarify well, he doesn't choose. If the opposition does not do a good laundry job, say that the opposition has pasted the news and spoke. If that's true, people don't choose the opposition. Reiterate to keep the quorum from collapse. If the debate actually collapses, a backup plan is prepared, namely to present the story through the media or outside the parliamentary debate. Even without the privilege of protecting the opposition, it is considered to have done its best work. Even if prosecuted, it is ready to fight for a far-reaching party debate. Prepare 5 MPs for the first day of debate, starting with Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the Open Debate Party will then be the MP of the debate party on economic issues, then it will be political issues and corruption that has arisen. Mr. Natcha Boonchai Insawat, Mr. Rasiman Rome, Mr. Surachet Praveenwongwut Related News "General Discussion" First Day "Jurin" Affirm Democrat There is no lobby collapse to discuss "Warawut" with clarification of work in the general discussion forum.
"Sutin" hmm, if the House collapses, book a podium debate outside the conference room.|"Sutin" Lan, MP has a duty to attend the meeting of the House of Commons. Do not claim privileges, do not enter. If the House collapses, please reserve a podium for discussion outside the conference room, looking at the "NHC" as a good sign to help form a quorum, but other parties should be worried today (February 15, 2023) at the Parliament Building. Mr. Sutin Armoury The Pheu Thai MP, who is chairman of the Coordination Committee of the Opposition Coalition Party (WHIP), said the opposition coalition is ready for a general debate under Article 152 today. Congressman Nan The Pheu Thai Party leader, as leader of the opposition in the House of Representatives, gave a speech and expanded the overall picture over the next two days, followed by a group of opposition coalition leaders led by Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat. List of MPs for the Progressive Party After the party leadership group ends, it will be followed by Miss Jiraporn Sinthuprai Roi Et MP The Pheu Thai Party will debate on the big topics that society is following, followed by discussions on economic groups. And tomorrow (Feb. 16) will be about drugs. He concluded by himself as a briefing when asked if he was concerned about quorum. Mr. Sutin said: The opposition coalition is complete. No problem There is a problem that the government Today I have to admit frankly that it is still 50-50, and the opposition, even if it comes in no more than half, but the good news is that the Democratic Party has confirmed that it will come to constitute a quorum. Next meeting, another day, but if tomorrow goes down, I'll see you here. Outside the council chamber Use the podium in front and invite the media to listen to the debate outside the conference room and whether to worry about any particular coalition government. Mr. Sutin revealed that apart from Democrats, he is worried about all parties. He listened that he was proud of Thailand, the power of the state, and he did not give confidence. Other parties are equal, but how many Democrats do you think are left? He moved a lot when asked what was the reason for the ruling coalition to break the quorum. Mr. Sutin sees that he cannot think far away, namely fear of auditing, fear of being stretched, and losing credit before the election. There is no other reason for the case that the leader of some political parties does not require party members to attend the meeting because it is considered a privilege and is not considered a discussion of distrust. Mr. Sutin stated that it was an excuse. Find a reason not to attend the meeting. In fact, Debate 152 is an elevated level above the general debate.
"Pitha" points to 1 decade of "Prayuth" government loss of budget - time - opportunity|"Pitha" points to 1 decade of "Prayuth" government Thailand loses budget, time, opportunity, identifies economy lagging behind ASEAN Repeated droughts expand areas Suggest increasing welfare Break down monopoly capital Switch off 3 years Today (February 15, 2023), the House of Assembly held a general debate to ask questions or suggest problems to the Cabinet of Ministers under Article 152 of the Constitution. The first day at 11.30 a.m. Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The far-right leader said the debate was important even if it could not be voted on. But the people will vote for the election booth, Pitha said. Gen. Prayuth is a decade lost in budget, time and opportunity. The government has spent 28 trillion baht. For example, the country's economic competitiveness has regressed, ranking seventh behind ASEAN and has not yet recovered from COVID-19. Dating back to 2014, Thailand lost to agricultural competitors including Vietnam. Cambodia, India, PakistanMr. Pitha also discussed that Thailand has lost time in terms of education, English language proficiency, corruption index in 2014, Thailand ranked 85th and fell to 110th in 2022. In 2022, from 4 million rai in 2014, the discourse that says there is no drought is not true, in addition, there is a loss of opportunity: postponing police reform and floating over the problem of military reform, where the image of the police is problematic. Is it true that the police involved the gray Chinese capital? Set up checkpoints to extort Taiwanese tourists The call center, where the police sold information to the fraudsters, as well as tribute issues, the lines of Pitha's promotion, also questioned the cause of the sinking of the HMS Sukhothai and the loss of the junior soldiers. Questioning the use of F16 to take care of family activities All of which is military reform, Mr. Pitha also proposes to increase welfare, break down monopoly capital. Promote liquor advancement, create jobs, repair the country. Take people's problems and create industries to solve them. What the country has always quarreled about is not economic policy, stating that the army budget must be extorted into a budget for the welfare of the people and industries in the future, not 1,500 million baht. As in the past, including Article 112, read related news. "General Discussion" First Day "Chon Nan" Open Discussion Pointing out the government does not follow 12 urgent policies  
"Twee" Chasing the contract of expressway contributing to private - land knot to take up the rights of villagers  |Maj. Gen. Thawee Surveillance Democratic Party Chasing the knot, the government resolved to favor the expressway concession in exchange for the BEM contract and asked to review the land proof knot according to Cabinet Resolution 30. Jun.41 at M.64 National Park Law Today (February 15, 2023) at 12.43 p.m. Democratic Party Question in case of Cabinet on February 16, 2020 Agreed to amend the contract of Stage 2 Expressway, Srirat Expressway and Udon-Rathaya Expressway Contract in exchange for not losing signal with Bangkok Expressway and Metro Public Company Limited or BEM. He said he wanted to ask Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha for the facts. prime minister The answer is that the government is usually easy. In the past, he said he would lose and renew the contract despite the Administrative Court pointing out that it would make the public project a public interest that the people deserved. By raising the toll fee lower, but on the other hand, pushing the burden on the people to lose more money, in addition, Pol. Gen. Thawee also proposed the issue of proving land rights according to Cabinet Resolution 30. June 1998, 25 years ago, but not completed, although the Democratic Party had previously proposed amendments. The draft National Park Act, which was previously declared over 4.7 million rai of public land and had been proven for 25 years, people want to prove that if they existed before there was ownership or not. If he has Aug. 1 or has evidence, he should have the right because the Constitution is bigger, but instead Section 64 Conservation Management Area has been issued to accompany the map at the end of the Royal Decree under Section 64 of the National Park Act B.E. 2562 (2019) as a declaration over housing. Read related news "Chon Nan" Open Discussion Pointing out the government does not follow 12 urgent policies 
"Mongkolkit" bowed in the middle of the parliament to resign the MP on February 17.  |"Mongkolkit" bowed in the middle of the parliament to announce the resignation of the MP on February 17. Make way for the next party list to take the podium. List of MPs "Pakor Chandrakana" sitting as new MPs today (15 February 2023) Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranont Thai Sriwilai Party MP bids farewell to duty Central MPs after debate on Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's government The Prime Minister said he was an MP with more than 60,000 votes and had a long way of serving as an MP, listening to people's problems, as well as distrustful debates and general opposition debates. Even though he is not a 100% good politician and still has flaws, his heart thinks that he will make the lives of 66 million people better. The Speaker of the National Assembly, including the 2 Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, as well as his fellow MPs and civil servants in the House, also stated that he could choose to be a good representative or a bad representative, but chose to be a representative of good proposals with a heart that hopes for the people to bring peace and tranquility to the country. He is ready to dedicate his life and spirit to the 66 million Thai people to make Thailand as good as it was built by kings and ancestors. Even if exhausted or out of breath, if Mr. Mongkolkitt resigns. Miss PAKOR CHANDRAKANA The next list of MPs will be MPs instead of reading related news. Chasing the contract of expressway conducive to private - land knot to take up the rights of villagers to watch "General Discussion" First Day "Chon Nan" Open Discussion Pointing out the government does not follow 12 urgent policies
"Gen. Prayuth" challenges probe into corruption|Gen Prayuth clarified that he did not refrain from cracking down on corruption, challenging him to submit an investigation to justice over allegations of kinship corruption. Back at the corrupt government, I didn't speak so well. Economic policy action has been confirmed, but it may not be effective. Please don't beat it up in the House of Commons today (February 15, 2023) at the Parliament Meeting Room at 3.55 p.m. The Prime Minister stood up to clarify the general debate of the opposition political parties, saying that he had been listening to the debate since the morning, pointing out that many people had expressed their opinions, advised, warned and accused Gen Prayuth of saying that the economic action had been carried out but had not yet been effective. As for taking care of the people, the government has done everything from the foundation level, SMEs, community enterprises, cooperatives, village funds. In tackling targeted poverty while allegations of corruption are reiterated in accordance with the judicial process. The sections alluded to are linked to various individuals who are kinship. Gen Prayuth reiterated that I am myself and have never helped anyone, challenging him to investigate and saying that when he was the government, he did not speak so well in case of corruption. No one said a word, Gen Prayuth said, after this the relevant agencies will clarify as well. I don't want to spoil the atmosphere of the debate as it's just past Valentine's Day. Yesterday (Feb 14) I don't want to upset my mood, which I have been listening to since the morning and accepting good suggestions, and if the matter is wrong, the relevant parties will clarify, and when the time is right, the Prime Minister will rise up and clarify again. But those who stand up to protest need to stop somewhat. Otherwise, the opposition will take the opportunity to campaign. Let everything be in accordance with the courtesy and rules of the Council, many of which are administrative issues and many of them are legal issues. It calls for an investigation before making accusations against others. He insisted that he had never given up on the issue of cracking down on corruption. Please respect the judicial process and do not want to overstep the judicial power, but to complain and blame corruption, not corruption.
"Jiraporn" Debate on the knot of the Prime Minister's nephew - 3 years old Auction tax evasion|"Jiraporn" tied the knot to the Prime Minister's nephew. Open a business in the barracks, bid for jobs in the army, bid to win a big project despite the state losses, tax evasion. Today (15 Feb 2023) Pheu Thai Party MP Jiraporn Sinthuprai spoke on the first day of the council meeting to question the implementation of policy No. 8 on tackling corruption by the government. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, who made a statement to Parliament and declared that tackling corruption is on the national agenda, questioned whether those who committed corruption were relatives of the prime minister who would dare to take decisive action against his family members. Misak is Gen. Prayuth's nephew. Contemporary Co., Ltd. He used a villa in a military camp in Phitsanulok province or in the 3rd Army Region as a company establishment for more than 5 years, which led to criticism of inappropriateness, especially for receiving government projects in high bidding amounts, until finally on November 3, 2016, the company was set up outside the barracks, but continued to accept bids for military projects, with 2012 to 2013 the company sustained losses, but in 2014, it received bids for military projects worth 28 million baht. It was noted that it was a time when Gen. Prayuth staged a coup, which has also received bids for the past eight years, and noted that the company's registered capital, which is worth less than 1.5 million baht, has been a small 1.5 million baht. Instead, she received bids for government projects with high value It noted that there were only 13 items of equipment worth 385,574 baht and not a single item of heavy equipment or tools that could accept large projects but had been contracted by the government in the amount of 10 million baht. In Phitsanulok province, where only one sedan and one Grab transport vehicle were found, he questioned whether Tempory's acquisition of government project bidding was eligible for bidding for the project. In addition, 10 projects were noted to be considered as potentially eligible bidders, including 9 projects belonging to the 3rd Army Region and another project belonging to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment, where Gen. Prayuth's nephew company won 6 projects. He also concluded that in addition to the 3 political P.O. that people watched, there are also 3 P.O. that are huge, namely "P.Prayuth-P.Preecha – P.Pathompong". Gen Prayuth may have embellished accounts for tax evasion, where the company accepted government projects in auctions worth 1 billion baht. However, the company's status also indicates that there are losses, whether tax payments are being made correctly or not. Also the discussion points to the relevant connection information. BETWEEN GEN. PRAYUTH'S NEPHEW AND THE GRAY CHINESE CAPITAL GROUP "DU HAO" AND "NAI H", WHICH CITED THE IMPORT OF PASSENGER CARS BY MAKING FALSE DECLARATIONS OF PRICE TO AVOID DUTIES AND TAXES OR NOT, WITH FALSE DECLARATIONS OF ORIGIN, OR FORM D THAT WAS NOT DISASSEMBLED BUT IMPORTED THE ENTIRE CAR. He was placed in Malaysia before being imported into Thailand and cited an illegal money laundering process that involved doing car business or not reading related news. Open Discussion Government point not to follow 12 urgent policies "twee" Chasing the contract of expressway contributing to private - land knot to take up the rights of villagers
Opposition locks target to "Prayuth-Anutin"|The council will convene a "general debate" session throughout this day (Feb. 15). Moving forward smoothly There is still no reason for the ruling or opposition parties to "pry" the plan to prepare for political games in the House, especially the proposal to "count the quorum" today (February 15, 2023) at the meeting of the House of Assembly to consider the motion for general debate. The opposition reportedly prepared information to attack. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, both open debates are usually voted on or not voted on. Originally, the main targets were 2 Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha and Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. But this time "no" one reason because political rivals have changed recently. This evening, Mr. Supattanapong Panmee Chau, Energy Minister He said that he did not want to be seen as an issue benefiting the industry because it was done according to the law and the Constitution, especially regarding the management of the problem with the equality of the people in mind. But he used the same joke as the Prime Minister to reverse Worapop Viriyaroj, an MP from the far-right party, by stating that "let's be the government and do it" after being asked about the energy policy structure issue. In the case of contributing to the capital group hoping to achieve the electoral capital until this time. The discussion was also in a good atmosphere. There were no serious protests or even a test of political force through the proposal to "count a quorum throughout the Assembly meeting. The atmosphere in the conference room that was most watched today (February 15) was the reaction of "2 P." When faced in the House of Commons and met in the eyes of MPs and the media, Gen. Prayuth and Gen. Prawit seemed to be somewhat numb. Even the picture that will be seen pulling chairs close together or supporting each other, there is no atmosphere that is being aimed at no less, namely the only MP of the party who has not yet fielded the election "Unite Thailand to Build the Nation". Mrs. Bunyaporn Natathanaphat rose to protest the debate of MPs twice in a day after opposition MPs accused the Prime Minister of defecting or failing. Another MP who calls himself an "independent opposition" Thai Sriwilai Party MP Mongkolkit Suksintaranont bid farewell to his duties as an MP and bowed in the middle of the House of Assembly to sleep using his right to debate the failed government in all dimensions. But he reiterated his role as a full MP thinking about the people amid a variety of criticisms. "General debate" on the first day "Gen. Prayuth" challenged to submit an investigation into the knot of corrupt relatives "Pitha" Pointing to 1 decade of "Prayuth" government loss of budget - time - opportunity "Jiraporn" Debate on the knot of the Prime Minister's nephew - 3 years old Auction tax evasion
"Sutin" hijacked the Prime Minister's reply for 8 years, the state set conditions to extract "community power plants"|"Sutin Armoury" rises to general debate, does not vote Prime Minister responds to 8 years of community power plants for foundation economy not being born, pointing out 14 conditions for extracting the project to release "community power plants or capitalist power plants" for capitalists to hold 90% shares, community 10% today (February 15, 2023) The general debate without a vote continued until the evening. Mr. Sutin Armoury Thai MPs rise up for debate He said good government projects such as the Community Power Plant for Foundation Economy project failed to manage them. Sharpening to sharpen into a cannabis bong "project that says it belongs to the community; The community should hold shares so that the villagers can own the electricity plant, even if it is a piece of meat next to the cutting board, but it is still good because the villagers will get dividends and sell the trees to the factory. The children went to work, and the locals got taxes from the power plants. This stimulates the community economy both directly and indirectly. He added that today the government has a headache to borrow money abroad. Domestic capitalists are ready to invest in the villagers. While the villagers had no money, the capitalists overflowed the banks. If this project is promoted, 700-1,000 million baht. Foreign capitalists are ready to invest, however, for 8 years, the government has proposed this project. Not even one theater has been set up today. When you find out what didn't work, "Speech, kindness slit throat" because it is stuck in 14 steps, as if it does not want to happen, pay along the way, do not know how much, it does not happen, waste money in vain, Mr. Sutin also gave examples of conditions such as community power plants, capitalists holding 90% shares, people holding shares. Including the condition that when signing the contract for the sale of electricity, there must be a guarantee of 500 million baht, and which community will have 500 million baht? There is only one concern about the environment, which may be polluted, but when the investigation reveals that there is technology to help manage and that biomass power plants have very little pollution. Pointing to 1 decade "Prayuth" government loses budget - time - opportunity "twee" Chasing the contract of the expressway contributing to the private sector - land knot to take the rights of villagers "Mongkolkit" bowed in the middle of the parliament to ask for the resignation of MPs on February 17, "Gen. Prayuth" challenged to submit an investigation into the knot of corrupt relatives. 
Prime Minister declares second round of 8-year government to develop countries and foreign trusts|prime minister Clarification of the case of the accused government developing the country 8 years ago, empty center, enumerating national development, infrastructure, transport routes. The meeting will be held today (February 15, 2023) at 6.45 p.m. at the House of Representatives meeting room. 2nd Floor, Parliament Building Samsen Road, Dusit District, Bangkok Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister made the remarks at the meeting of the House of Representatives. Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs Acting as spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Reveal the essence As follows, the Prime Minister clarified the case of accusing the government of developing the country for 8 years. to be trapped It does not overstep the middle-income trap due to several political conflicts in the past. The policy cannot move forward. Investment and development plans have stalled. Foreign investors are skeptical of stability, including the lack of a strategy for public administration, especially the country's large-scale infrastructure investments in the past before 2014. It can only distribute the sub-budget to provinces across the country without any coherence. For example, the Electric Transit Commission's Master Plan was completed in 2004, but no government has done it or failed to do it, and the rail transportation system in the last 100 years has remained largely single-handed. There are a few hundred kilometers of double track, however. During 2015-2019, there was real investment in the country's infrastructure. For example, the construction of 3 additional motorways, namely the Bangpa-in-Korat line, Bangyai-Kanchanaburi line, and Pattaya-Map Ta Phut line, in 2014 was 4,073 kilometers covering 47 provinces, mostly single-track. Currently, there is a plan to build more in 20 years with a distance of 8,900 kilometers, covering 62 provinces, a dual-third track of 5,640 kilometers, and a dual-track railway project during Khon Kaen - Nong Khai. Currently, it is under proposal to the Cabinet for consideration and is expected to be operational in 2026. Bangkok-Nong Khai high-speed rail over 500 kilometers (2) Eastern Line High-speed train connecting 3 airports Donmueang-Suvarnabhumi-U-Tapao Connecting Bangkok – EEC and (3) Northern Line Bangkok-Phitsanulok and (4) Southern Line Bangkok-Padang Besar. The government took action in just 5 years. The construction of the dual-third-track railway line is more than the total distance built in the last 50 years, and within the next 2 years (2024), Thailand will have four times more railways ready for use than in the previous 50 years for the development of the BTS system. Before 2014, there were 7 routes with a total distance of 147.8 kilometers. Since 2014, 11 routes have been gradually added and opened, with a total distance of 212 kilometers, with plans to complete 14 more routes. The total distance is 554 kilometers, an average of the government for the past 4 years. The government has been able to build 1-2 lines or a maximum distance of 46 kilometers, which this government considers 2 times, namely 8 years, to build 10 lines of more than 200 kilometers, which is 2.5 times more than the average, with 2 lines to be opened in 2023, the Monorail Pink and Yellow Line. Thailand ranks 8th in the world The world's best healthcare system Thailand has prevented people from being safe with less COVID-19 compared to countries that produce COVID-19 vaccines and medicines, with Thailand infecting 0.3% of the population compared to 7% and 10% of countries producing vaccines. Thailand has received numerous awards such as the Ease of Doing Business award. Adventure Tourism Awards Best Country to Work and Tourism Workation Award Bangkok Livable City Award World's Top Retirement Country Award 7th in the world A culturally influential country, which means "Soft Power", the world's fifth most influential country for health security. World's Fastest Home Internet Award World's No. 1 Award The least afflicted country is one of the world's most attractive countries to invest. Chiang Mai is the 5th most travel-friendly city in the world. 26th most effective country in the world and 7th in the world A country with a choice of housing, quality of life and tourist-friendly. The Prime Minister emphasized that Thailand has not failed to manage its economy. There are also economic indicators, such as the Finance Minister of the Year Award, which is due to the stability of the Thai economy and the inflation rate at a controlled level. Public debt is low. Compared to countries with larger economies than Thailand (Italy, Japan, etc.), government bonds are stable. Build investment confidence Good debt repayment ability, strong currency The section that says foreign investment is "declining" is a mention of investments that do not include existing business expansion. However, consideration must be given to both new investment and expansion investment, which Thailand will have both old and new investments. Because it is a foreign production base for longer than other countries in ASEAN. If the value of both old and new investments is included. The value of foreign investment increased from 97,582 million baht in 2015 to 433,971 million baht. This represents an annual increase of 31%Read related news: Gen Prayuth challenges investigation into corruption relatives "Chon Nan" Open Discussion Pointing out that the government does not follow 12 urgent policies, "Pitha" pointed out 1 decade "Prayuth" government lost the budget - time - opportunity, "Mongkolkit" bowed in the middle of the parliament to ask for the resignation of MPs on February 17, "Sutin" Prime Minister responds to 8 years of state setting conditions for extraction of "community power plants"
"Natcha" Discussion - Open Chat Quote Contractor calls for "Parasoy fraud"|"Natcha Boonchai Insawat" MP goes a long way Debate on government officials demanding "Parasoy fraud" contractor money and open chat conversations and money transfer slips in the middle of the House of Commons. Call on the government to investigate and bring the wrong people to justice or remove them from office today (February 15, 2023). Mr. Natcha Boonchai Insawat, MP of the Progressive Party, stood up for a general debate on Section 152 of the project to use rubber for road or parasoy road. Stating that after the project, the price of tires did not improve, but the amount of money in the pockets of senior government officials increased, Mr. Natcha argued that in this project, it was found that in some areas there was a monopoly of latex mixtures for road construction of 3 licensed officials all related. My husband is a dealer who sells latex mixtures and has Miss P. is a contractor for the construction of Mrs. Parasoy Road. P. and Mr. Ch. offered me a job. She stated that she will build 55 projects worth 394 million baht to build Parasoy Road. However, they have to pay 15% of the project value for hot water and tea, with 5% being for operating expenses. The other 10% sent it to "Mr." Natcha continued the discussion by revealing the line recording of the conversation. It is claimed that there was a conversation between one of the director-generals at the time, using the initials "A." and Mrs. P. Mr. Natcha argued that Mrs. P. had sent internal official documents to one of the contractors. To claim benefits and open a line as evidence in the middle of the Council, in which the amount is evidence of money transfer to the account. Mrs. P., too, after things got red. Mr. Natcha continued the discussion that the Rubber Authority of Thailand has increased rubber admixture operators. As a result, there are more entrepreneurs. As a result, the monopoly gang broke up, distorted the contractor's money. Before one of the director-generals made another phone call to clear with the contractor, however. There is an internal investigation into the ministry. Stated that Mrs. P. committed serious disciplinary violations, but Mr. She was not found guilty. The current PD has been severely punished. From Deputy Municipal Permanent Secretary to Municipal Permanent Secretary The Deputy Director-General who signed the letter to the contractor at that time was the current Director-General. Director-General with Line Evidence At present, he has been punished as a high-ranking civil servant in the ministry, Mr. Natcha debated at the end that although the government said that it was to crack down on cheating, it was the management of personnel from the operational level to the bureaucratic level in the 3-year era. Does the Minister know all the evidence? Is the disciplinary process only promoted, and whether people with tainted records deserve to continue as public servants, and demand that the wrong person be punished or dismissed for those involved in corruption? 
"Gen. Prayuth" leaves the House of Commons to adjust his look to talk to the media softly.|"Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha" revised the look Talking to the media is gentle and not aggressive. Thank you, Minister, for clarifying. Valentine just passed, let's love each other for a long time, happy intern asked for a photo and posed "Y2K" today (February 15, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister returned after attending the Assembly meeting. Speaking to the media with a smile, the general debate under Section 152 said that today's discussion is about the same, but some are new information, but they are related to old information. Saying the government has done nothing. Speaking for years, saying that the government has not worked, which he wants to say that there are other factors involved, such as the economy, Gen Prayuth also thanked the Cabinet for clarifying and thanking the media for helping to collect details, but asked everyone to accept that what he said was factual. Despite the difficulties, the government has made every effort to solve it, both the economic development dimension and the future development dimension. Taking care of low-income people is also done, such as welfare cards or programs. Gen Prayut also stated that what was proposed had been listened to and spent a lot of money, so he had to warn him, otherwise there would be fiscal problems. "Rest, see you tomorrow". While walking out of the interview circle to get in the car for the return trip, there was an intern at the parliament waiting to ask for a photo, which Gen. Prayuth also shared with the students the "Y2K" pose and said, "My grandchildren can teach me how to do it". He also told reporters, "Just past Valentine's Day yesterday, love each other for a long time," before raising his hand to thank the media again and saying, "Goodbye."
"Anupong" reiterates punishment to local government demanding money No gratuity.|Minister of Interior Insist on not concealing the guilt. The local government demands benefits. Dispels the reward of the guilty. Declare who's doing the prank responsible. Today (15 Feb 2023) Gen. Anupong Paojinda Minister of Interior Clarifying the case of the discussion of MPs of the Progressive Party about the government agency's tire promotion project in 2017 with low tire prices, he stated that the government intends to improve the price of tires. This matter has already been clarified by the Rubber Authority of Thailand. Explain that there are gradually endorsing companies, first 3 companies, then 5 companies, and finally 11 companies, which are gradually certifying companies that will supply latex to construction companies. After the news was presented that a contractor in Roi Et province had complained through a news agency that there was a permanent secretary of the local administration organization in Amnat Charoen province. Demand compensation from entrepreneurs About 60 million baht, or 15% of the agreed project, is almost 400 million baht, which the entrepreneur has already paid, but it appears that the project was not received, the permanent secretary of the Ministry of Interior at that time set up a committee to investigate the facts. In conclusion, the municipal permanent secretary of the local government organization Amnatcharoen at that time with her husband. He was found guilty of receiving benefits from the project as a basis for serious disciplinary offences by informing Samut Prakan Province, the province where the permanent secretary had moved. Acting in accordance with the authority, it is now clear that the Ministry of Interior is not obscured. has investigated and convicted of a serious offense. The procedure now requires disciplinary action. As for the discussion that indicated that the gratuity had been improved, Insist that if anyone does it, they will be hit with it. The whole committee was hit too, so let's make sure that if anyone does a prank, The people and the nation will see the person in charge of the Interior Minister. During the exam period, The examination board has made it clear that the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior While serving as Director General of the Department of Local Government Promotion. At this stage, the investigation has not found any evidence linking it. Therefore, the matter was settled while the appointment of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior was in accordance with the regulations that the Permanent Secretary was qualified to be appointed, but if there is currently information as linked by the debaters, the information can be submitted. The Ministry of Interior will take disciplinary action, and the criminal will file a complaint. The NACC proceeded with regard to the matter of the permanent secretary's appointment of the director-general, how to link it to the authority and duties of the permanent secretary, but to assume that the minister appointed was illegal. The permanent secretary is the appointee, it must be responsible. If an investigation is carried out, then guilty. The appointees must also be held accountable with related news, "Natcha" debate-open chat claim. Contractor calls for "fraudulent parasol" "Sutin" Prime Minister replied 8 years, the state set conditions for the extraction of "community power plants", the Prime Minister declared the second round of parliament for 8 years, the country-foreign development government trusted. 
"Rangsimant" points to "Senator Song A" acquitted of money laundering case - found to be the owner of land Party Office "RTSO"|"Rangsiman Rome" Discuss the case of "former senator" A, who was arrested on drug and money laundering charges related to "Gen. Prayuth" Meet the office of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party Senator "A" owns the land as of last night (February 15, 2023). Rangsiman Rome, MP for the Progressive Party, discusses the failed drug problem. The Metropolitan Police arrested 3-4 groups of drug traffickers who bought drugs from the Myanmar border and sold them through a horse accounting system whose real owners were outside the country. The money passed into the horse account was transferred to the PEA account. Mae Sai Chiang Rai province and passed across the border to sell at Tachileik. To pay for drugs to manufacturers since 2007 on behalf of 3 companies: 1.Myanmar Alua, 2.Alua, 3.Alua P&E, which have attempted to disguise If the government is serious about cracking down on drugs, it will be able to deal with groups that launder money for drug traffickers. Later The Metropolitan Police on September 17, 2022 arrested 4 suspects, one of whom is a Myanmar national. Tun Min Lat and Mr. Dee and 2 other Thai women with initials "P" and "N" were recently indicted by the court, while the other 2 were arrested in connection with one of Thailand's three major online gambling cases. Miss "A" must follow up to prosecute the case. It was also found that Tun Min Lat had a long-standing business relationship with Mr. Senator "A", also known as "Song A", who previously held shares in Allua Group and had joint venture to establish "Myanmar Alua Company", which is 2 companies involved in money laundering cases. Mr. A. was elected as a senator by the following candidates: Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister  Gen. Anupong Paojinda Interior Minister and Mr. Vishnu Kruangam Deputy Prime Minister Rangsiman also said that when news broke that Tun Min Lat had been arrested, he was not arrested. Mr. "A" also denied that he knew not much and had not been to the border for a long time and that he had resigned from both companies before becoming senators, and also found that Mr. A. gave other holders shares in a nominee manner in Aloa P&E which laundered money through the sale of electricity with Tun Min Lat holds a majority stake, Mrs. P holds shares as a nominee for Mr. A., while the other person, Ms. N who was arrested by Mrs. P., has already been prosecuted. He acknowledged that as well. Police have been issuing arrest warrants for Mr. A. since October 2022. The court approved the arrest warrant but later that same afternoon the arrest warrant was withdrawn by changing it to a summons. The summons shall be issued to acknowledge the charges within 15 days. The police who were able to arrest Tun Min Lat were transferred to Ban Duea police station. In the past, it was the policy that the police who worked on drug cases would continue to perform their duties. It was also found that the location of the office of the Ruam Thai National Building Party with Gen. Prayuth is a party member and the prime minister's candidacy is the land of Senator "A." Gen Prayuth went to his office in connection with a person charged with drug and money laundering. Therefore, there is a question that if Gen. Prayuth is elected as prime minister, will he repay you? Senator "A." How? Mr. Rangsiman also said, "Don't be surprised if the jigsaw is an important piece of the money laundering movement. This drug dealer support movement will get away with it, and there's no hope that the 4 people who were arrested before will be boxing to beat the crowd. If someone like Senator "A" survives, I believe that the way to save "Tun Min Lat" will definitely be because this person is equally important.   
"Seri Pisut" admits fraud examination in famous universities|"Seri Pisut", the president of the NACC of the Council, received a complaint of fraudulent examination, bidding in the Faculty of Accountancy, a famous university, and received a knot examination for the issuance of land title deeds. The public utility swamp opened a way for earth trucks to enter the area, affecting tens of thousands of households today (February 16, 2023). Head of Seri Ruam Thai Party and Chairman of the Commission The NACC, the House of Representatives, received a letter of complaint and asked for justice from the people and Dr. Tang. Public benefit pond that is like a reservoir and monkey cheek in the high bridge area. Bangkok questioned how the land title deed could have led the district office to issue land reclamation permits and build a bridge over the canal for ten-wheelers to transport the soil. The noise throughout the day affected more than 10,000 households, so they submitted to the Commissioner to check whether the operation was correct or not. From Mr. Ratchapol Sirisakorn Lecturer, Thammasat University Regarding corruption, the bidder hired a tour, Faculty of Accountancy, Thammasat University. The Commissioner shall also consider having previously made a complaint to the University to investigate, but The result of the examination decided that the bidding did not damage the university, so he asked the commissioner to investigate because he found that there was a peculiarity and had submitted the matter to the NACC for almost 3 years, but the matter has not gone anywhere.
"For Thailand" to "Government" Solve the problem of drug failure. |"For Thailand" to "Government" Solving drug failure, inefficiency. They do not pay attention to solving problems because there are budget cuts for suppression and rehabilitation.  Today (16 Feb 2023) Miss Chanok Chanthathong Member of the House of Representatives of Nong Khai Province District 2 is affiliated with the Pheu Thai Party. Distrust debate without consensus Talking about The government's failure to crack down on drugs Recreational use of marijuana increases the burden of treatment and increases the number of psychiatric patients Ms. Chanok argued that the government has no care to solve this problem because of the budget cuts for suppression and rehabilitation. In 2022, the budget was 744 million baht. Down more than 30%, Ms. Chanok is also linked to the shooting in Nong Bua Lamphu province, seen as a failed drug crackdown. Back in 2001, former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declared war on drugs and drugs declined significantly. In 2011, former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra declared drug suppression a national agenda, unlike Gen. Prayuth, who said 100 prime ministers could not solve the problem.  
SRT Jang Knot "Pol. Col. Tawee" doubts 5,083 rai of land|SRT Jangknot "Lt. Col. Tawee" 5,083 rai of land Buriramai Pointing out that there is still a dispute over the ownership rights, so it is not recorded in the asset register of SRT Yan does not benefit anyone. From the Democratic Party Discussion alluding to the State Railway of Thailand (SRT) On land-related issues, he mast. Muang District, Buriram Province At the discussion meeting under Section 152 Today (16 February 2023) State Railway of Thailand (SRT) The submitter stated that the determination of details in the asset register in case of submission to the Budget Commission for consideration must comply with the accounting standard No. 16 on land. Plant and Equipment for Accounting Standard No. 16 Land Clause 7 The business must recognize the cost of the land transaction, plant and equipment as an asset only if all conditions are met. The following 69.19 rai of land, as mentioned by Pol. Col. Thawee, is a separate route from Buriram Railway Station to the railway land in Khao Kra Mast area. Do not dispute this issueRead more news "twee" Chasing the contract for the private expressway - land knot to take up villagers' rights for the remaining area of 5,083 rai, Pol. Col. Thawee said. Therefore, it is the case that the cost value of the land item cannot be reliably measured, making it impossible to record it in the property register. The Railway has already sued to prove its rights to the Central Administrative Court. Accounting of assets or any other evidence 5,083 rai The Railway has collected evidence in various forms, including: Royal Decree on the construction of the Royal Railway from Nakhon Ratchasi to Ubon Ratchathani B.E. 2462 announced on November 8, 2462 with the map stored at the Ministry of Agriculture, the Royal Railway Department and the Government Hall, Nakhon Ratchasima Province and Ubon Ratchathani Province• The Royal Decree on the Purchase of Land and Other Real Estate for the Construction of the Northeastern Railway B.E. 2464, announced on November 7, 1921• Including documents of prosecution to the Administrative Court to prove the rights to such land due to such land. Conflicting rights documents have been issued, pending proof of rights by the Railways, filed a lawsuit with the Central Administrative Court and pending court proceedings. When the proof of rights process is completed or the case is finalized. The Railway is ready to comply with the judgment and will proceed in accordance with Accounting Standard No. 16 for railway land on the Phang Nga – Tha Nun route. The total area is 905 square meters. Rai and pending the Supreme Administrative Court. This case is the same as the Khao Kra Mast area that has already recorded the asset register for some land and there is still another part of the land which still needs to be proved in court. Once the proof of rights process is completed, it will be recorded in the asset list in accordance with Accounting Standard No. 16 to confirm that everything has been done in accordance with the rules and procedures of the law with transparency and good governance. Act independently, straightforwardly. Non-discrimination for the sake of the organization and the nation is importantRead related newsCheck Nominee "Chinatown-Samphanthawong-Ratchada-Huaykwang" gray capital extraction
"Shinwarn" watch the opposition debate clearly. - The Prime Minister is confidently answering questions.|"Chinwaron", Deputy Chief Whip of the government, praised the opposition for its role in the debate to make the picture clear. Point to the Prime Minister. Answer questions confidently. Tonight is expected to end. Debate Battle M.152 Around 01.00 today (16 February 2023) Mr. Chinwaron Bunyakiat, MP Nakhon Si Thammarat The Democrat Party and vice-chairman of the Coordinating Committee of the ruling coalition party, speaking at the general debate on Article 152 at yesterday's meeting of the House of Representatives, said that he would like to thank all the members of the House of Representatives for their cooperation in completing the quorum and having a good atmosphere at the meeting yesterday by asking for time to meet the target. The opposition spent 12.58 hours. The government spent 2.30 a.m. for a total of about 14 to 15 hours spent yesterday, Mr. Shinwarn said. The Opposition has done a good job of outlining the issues of the proposal, especially the Leader of the Opposition, who has made it clear what suggestions will be made that will affect the administration of the country. Opposition MPs who have acted have provided clear information in the presentation. It is something to admire even if they are on the government side. Of course, in the ruling coalition party, looking at the response of Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, this time he assumed that he answered questions with confidence and then answered on issues that he thought he should answer with admiration for Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit. The Deputy Prime Minister and Commerce Minister, as the head of the Democratic Party, who has taken the information for clarification, took a short time but saw the whole picture in responding to the opposition's suggestions. The atmosphere yesterday was very good, and what the people's decision will be is another matter for today, it will go ahead with the meeting as usual. The discussion is expected to be closed. Around 1 a.m. tonight, when asked if he had not given time to strike the protest. Mr. Chinwaron sees that all parties understand that whirling or setting up guards is already a childish idea because today there is communication and the management has been managing it for 4 years. For anyone to go up and reward or go up to strike a loop is of no use in the eyes of the people. Thinking that the opposition should be given the opportunity to make full suggestions, the management will be able to answer questions and hold to clarify the work of the administration.
"Dr. Chon Nan" pointed out that "Prayuth" has been doing it for 8 years but still fails.|"Dr. Chonnan" pointed out that Gen. Prayuth has been doing it for 8 years but has failed. Prepare to file an ethics violation and indicate satisfaction on the first day the opposition debate has achieved its goal. Today (16 February 2023) Dr. Chonnan Srikaew The opposition leader and Pheu Thai Party leader assessed the opposition's debate on the first day, saying that the opposition's performance had achieved its goal. Bring the facts or problems that have arisen to the discussion in the council for forwarding. The Cabinet considered and pointed out that the matter turned out to be a discussion can be brought against an accusation under Section 151. He did not accuse anyone of wrongdoing, but pointed out the problem in the damaged country, which the Cabinet has a direct administrative duty to look at issues that have clear evidence that can be submitted to an independent organization for consideration. The Cabinet. As for when to take action, one must look at the right timing, such as the issue of Miss Jiraporn Sindhuprai. Roi Et Party MP for Thailand Discuss issues that overlap with business practices that do not like with benefits. It's not directly related, but it's connected. The conviction that can be taken is a violation of ethics, Dr. Chonnan also mentioned the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister and Minister of Defence He explained to the House of Commons that the information of the opposition debate was old and that it was a campaign in the House: The information in the debate is the facts that have arisen, and the opposition debates that it is an issue and must be asked. Cabinet to find solutions. He reiterated that the debate is not old or new, but it is related to whether it is the administration of the state or not. Dr Chonnan said the opposition's position was announced from the beginning that information would be disclosed, which would affect people's decision before the election whether the people would choose or not, which the opposition would not need to campaign in parliament. Dr. Chon Nan He did not criticize Gen Prayuth's statement on his nephew's company case that was discussed yesterday, but believes that if everyone is listened to, they will know. Even the Prime Minister sees it as the same in the debate. But the Prime Minister's answer is the same thing as well, an evasive answer that it is a family matter, but the Prime Minister cannot deny the kinship bond and the legal and legal bond because his nephew's father is a Senator and military authority. And the incident is related to that power and duty as well. Therefore, the Prime Minister cannot refuse, the part that the Prime Minister has clarified that he has done for the past 8 years, but it has failed. This forced the opposition to tell the people that the government had failed but still volunteered to continue.
"Prime Minister" Clarified in the case of "Rangsimant" Discussion of the clues to the office of the "RTSC"|"Gen. Prayuth," replied the media. Clarified in the case of "Rangsimant" Discussion on the case of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party While the case has a picture with the "gray capital group", the Prime Minister stated "clarify, let the justice system work." Today (16 Feb 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister arrived at the House of Commons to attend the opening of the general debate without a vote under Article 152 of the Constitution on the second day. The case of Mr. Rangsiman Rome, MP of the Progressive Party. Discussing the office of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party related to Senator "A", Gen Prayuth replied that "clarified", while the case had a photo with "gray Chinese capital". Gen. Prayuth replied, "I can clarify. The justice system is working," and then walked into the elevator. Read related news Rangsiman points to "Senator Song A" acquitted of money laundering case - found to be the owner of the land of the party office "RTSO"
 "Wisan" doubts "Prayuth" Excerpt Big Park move bribery lawsuit|"Wisan" Mid-council debate Open the Prime Minister's Link Map Big brother director general of the NPS bribery case Signed orders over the minister's head, intending to cut them off instead of expanding them. Questioning the release of corruption, entanglement of gray Chinese capital Today (February 16, 2023), the second day of the council meeting. Debate the government under Section 152 Mr. Wisarn Tejatheerawat Chiang Rai MP Pheu Thai Party Discussing corruption in the government Gen. Prayuth Chandraocha Prime Minister until the corruption ranking fell Mr. Wisarn. He said today's discussion would only question the facts and make suggestions, but it would be like pushing up a mountain. It's like blowing a buffalo to a buffalo. With only a few days left until the expiration of the parliament and news that he will definitely dissolve it, Mr. Wisarn mentioned the issue of patronage in the bureaucracy and allowing corruption in the country. The Prime Minister lacks ethics. The seizure of power is to rob the democracy of the people, in addition, a clip of Mr. Du Hao was brought to the center of the parliament claiming to have money, only the prosecutor ordered not to prosecute. Mr. Wisarn questioned where the Thai law is. Where is the Prime Minister? Like Thais are being insulted or is it because Gen Prayuth's nephew does business with gray China? Although nearly 100 Chinese and Thai nominees have been arrested worth more than 1 billion baht worth of assets, Mr. Wisarn mentioned the issue of the arrest of Rajada Suriyakul Na Ayutthaya, former director-general of the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Flora, who found nearly 5 million baht in his office. On 27 Dec 2022 On December 28, the Permanent Secretary of the TSA signed off on the appointment of a committee to investigate Mr. Wisan's facts. He said it was like putting chicks in the wings to settle down because on February 3, there was an order from the permanent secretary of the TSA to remove the former director-general of the NPS from the service, and as a result, this director-general went to sue the officials. P.O.N.D. accused him of wrongdoing. Mr. Wisarn also noted that the cause was Gen Prayuth is a classmate of the director-general's brother and stated that from the news, the director-general has been nurturing since the prime minister was still the director-general, that is, from the director-general to the level of director-general, deputy director-general of the forest department, inspector general. Deputy Permanent Secretary Director-General of the Department of Environmental Quality Promotion and Director-General of the Department of Parks. If there is no order to transfer this former director-general to the Prime Minister's Office, it will be extended to the house and so on, but is there an excision? The NACC also concluded that 5 million was enough. Because usually, if a fraud case has to find evidence, now the plaintiff is the defendant, read the relevant news "Prime Minister". Clarified in the case of "Rangsimant" Discussion of the "RTTC" "Rangsimant" office pointed out "Senator Song A" implied money laundering case - found to be the owner of the land Party Office "RTSO""Shinwarn" Watch the opposition debate clearly. - The Prime Minister is confidently answering questions. 
"Amarat" slammed the Korom "Prayuth" era, the more work creates conflict.|"Amarat", a far-flung MP, slammed the administration of the Korom during the "Gen Prayuth" era, doing unnecessary things, seeing it as a dangerous agency to democracy. Security policy. The more you do it, the more problems it causes, the longer it lasts, the more conflict it gets. Today (16 Feb 2023) Mrs. Amarat Chokpamitkul List of MPs for the Progressive Party General discussion of Article 152 on the failure of security policy with Gen. Prayuth has headed the government for the past 8 years, both in the crackdown on protesters and the military intervening in politics through The Internal Security Directorate of the Kingdom is a tool to control society and the people, Mrs. Amarat said that at present, the division of the people has become more and more widespread until it escalates to the degradation of all major national institutions. The anti-communist era, with the military's way of thinking that anyone who sees anyone as unpatriotic, must be arrested. From day to day, the army intervened in politics by using the Korom as a driving force, until the current administration is a double state. The main function of the Korom is to solve the unrest in the 3 southern border provinces, but after the coup in 2014, there was a restructuring. Again. The budget is almost 10,000 million baht. Repeatedly also called the military. There are now more than 50,000 people with ghost accounts, all reflecting that "Gen. Prayuth's security policy is even more problematic. The longer it lasts, the more conflict "Gen Prayut has turned the country into a weak, fragile, sensitive state where the strip will stand and then fall, but try to stay. The number of political refugees is at an all-time high. Suggesting that the use of the Korom to solve problems must be stopped immediately, Amarat also mentioned the party's proposal that a security policy must be implemented that changes the mindset. New Thinking Principles Remove soldiers from internal security missions to take care of security from external threats. Internal matters must be the duty of civilians only, and domestic problems must be solved through political means. Answer the Hao knot. Insist this government has no "sell house and citizenship". 
"Thanakorn" Confirm the lease of the office "RTSO" is correct - not related to the offender.|"Thanakorn" Confirm that the rental of the office "RTSO" is correct. There is evidence ready to clarify. Confirmed offender irrelevant today (Feb 16, 2023) Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana Minister in the Prime Minister's Office As a committee to set guidelines and strategies for political parties. Ruam Thai Nation Building Party Clarification on the case of Mr. Rangsiman Rome, discussing the case of renting the office of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, stating that the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party rented the building legally. The senator, as mentioned, does not have stocks, having been operating since 62 and currently cannot know who is involved, but insists that everything is done legally. Mr. Thanakorn also said that he spoke with Mr. Peeraphan Salirathviphak, the leader of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, and was ready to clarify the matter and had all the documents and evidence. Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha has already clarified that he is doing his best and the police are following the law and he is ready to clarify if he asks. The Progressive Party is located at the New Future Building located at Hua Mak 22, which is in a different place from the Thai Summit and evidence related to Senator "A." He was born after 2019 and has been in the year 63 and has already issued an arrest warrant, which the court initially did not know was an important person, and later withdrew the arrest warrant and is related to Tun Min Lat, a drug dealer who was banned by the European Union. Read related news "Rangsimant" "Senator A" dropped from money laundering case - found to be land owner Party Office "RTSO" "Prime Minister" Clarified in the case of "Rangsimant" Discussion of the "RTSO" Prime Minister's Office Answer the Hao knot. Insist this government has no "sell house and citizenship", "Chaiwut" counter instead of "2P". Not related to gray Chinese capital, the release has been around for a long time.  
The Prime Minister replied to the Hao knot. Insist this government has no "sell house and citizenship".|The Prime Minister stood up to clarify the debate on Day 2, insisting this government has no "selling houses and citizenship". Asked back Duhao's wife involved some former ministers of the party. As for the agency case. The NRA insists it's not about keeping power. Solving problems in the southern border provinces has made great progress today (February 16, 2023). The general debate was held on the second day at 12.10 p.m. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister stood up to clarify the debate by stating that the case of Tu Hao goes back to find that the behavior occurred before 2014 and Tu Hao came to Thailand since 2011, the process of applying for citizenship has been going on and on, until the current government. It was found that the money was used to purchase real estate. It's called "raising the village." I don't know whose company it is, but I assure you, this government certainly doesn't. To sell the house and give away the nationality. If you check carefully, Du Hao's wife is related to some former ministers, Gen Prayuth said. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit found himself and immediately handed over the information to the police, which he did right, but may not like it. Not instantly, everyone. Some actions are in the investigation stage. In addition Police arrested several suspects involved Some of those who escaped will have to be tracked down and arrested in case the senator is involved. The police have acted in accordance with their authority. The revocation of the arrest warrant is at the discretion of the judicial branch, which has an opinion that the investigating officer first issues the summons and confirms that he has not interfered or assisted anyone. If more people are found involved, summonses will be issued and arrest warrants will be issued. Gen. Prayuth also responded to discussions about gray Chinese business at Jinling pub, saying dozens of suspects have been arrested. The part that says the police were involved. The commanding officer set up an investigation committee and ordered him to retire from the service. The part that says to move diligent people is a matter of appointment and transfer, which is under the Police Commissioner's consideration according to the regulations. In the case of the Internal Security Directorate of the Kingdom (OROM), it is a task force with the Prime Minister as the Director of the ROM. It was like this before. If there is no problem in the future, it can be canceled. Insisting that it is not the agency that maintains its authority on the situation in the South, please speak carefully because it involves many countries. Today, we can solve a lot of problems in the South because of cooperation from outside the country. If you don't know, don't say it. Later ethnicity Gen. Anupong Paojinda The Interior Minister then stood up and answered about Tuhao's nationality: Du Hao has requested naturalization. In case of husband of Thai nationality On August 3, 2011 It passed the screening subcommittee and citizenship screening committee in 2013. The permittee was the Interior Minister at the time, allowing Dou Hao to naturalize before it was announced in the Government Gazette, which he took office and signed on November 6, 2014. Only after the process is finished. 
"Chaiwut" instead of "2 P." Not related to gray Chinese capital, the release has been around for a long time.|"Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn" counters instead of "Gen. Prayut - Gen. Prawit" is not related to gray Chinese capital. There are ages, not just "don't worry." Chinese capital business always runs for authority Accelerating the push for account freezing law to stop the money laundering cycle today (16 February 2023) Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn Speaking to the media after travelling to the Parliament building to attend the opening of the general debate without a vote on Article 152 of the Constitution on the second day, the Minister of Digital Economy and Society (DES) thanked the opposition for speaking on many issues. Some things have accumulated for a long time, the government is trying to solve them, and it will lead to the policies of various political parties that will solve problems for the people in the next government because this government will not be able to catch up, Mr. Chaiwut also said that gray business is trying to crackdown, but this is a lot lately because Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, has assigned the police to crack down seriously. Any government has gray capitalists running to the authorities, so they have to fix the law, fix the regulations, so that businesses can go and not pay tribute, and reduce these problems. He added that politicians must be fair, especially when they go to events, where they often take pictures where politicians do not know who does what color business, and he is sure that Gen. Prawit does not know the gray Chinese capital. Just open the house to eat together. Each day, many people were photographed. The Ministry of Digital Economy and Society has also pushed for legislation to freeze accounts. Stop the financial route, it is money laundering, give the state the power to freeze the accounts for auditing. If the account holder does business correctly, he will be able to open the account, believing that if the gray business encounters this law, it will stop all because it cannot transfer funds. punishable by both penalties. 
Warship or cake? "Consider" collapse the knot "HMS Sukhothai collapse" defective or corrupt|"Hearing" wrecked the HMS Sukhothai, killing 24 naval officers and missing 5 lives. It cost 60 million baht, but the ship still broke down at many points. Suspicious encounter with auction house close to General Today (16 Feb 2023) Mr. Pijarn Chaopattanawong, MP of the Progressive Party, debated under Section 152 on the problem of the wreck of the HMS Sukhothai in Prachuap Khiri Khan province, in which 24 sailors died and 5 were still missing, questioning whether this was a defect in good faith or deliberately defective and dishonest little by little until it caused losses. Mr. Pijarn also brought the layout of the HMS Sukhothai that experts identified if there was a water leak. HMS Sukhothai does not sink easily to encounter waves of 6 meters unless the ship is not in active condition, such as whether the HMS Sukhothai is in combat ready condition or not. The Commissioner requested documents from the Royal Navy on the history of the repair of the HMS Sukhothai. Maintenance budget The record of the mission, communication between the ships until the time when the communication system was inoperable, and the checklist with Mr. Judge indicated that during the 2 months the Navy He replied that he was still collecting documents, but did not send the documents to Bang Aor, wanting to conceal information and maintenance faults, and would find that 61-64 totaled more than 300 pages, a budget of over 60 million baht. Mr. Pijarn also unfolded the repair result documents, such as repairing the anchor winch. It was found that after the repair, it was still broken. Intermittent outages due to increased electrical load In addition, 4 Firemen pumps were found without a pressure gauge, 2 fresh water pumping motors vibrated very strongly because of imbalance. Intermittent outages due to increased electrical load In addition, 4 Firemen pumps were found to have no pressure gauges, 2 fresh water pumping motors vibrated very hard because they were unbalanced. In addition, there was a quality problem in the installation of new machinery until the vibration problem and came to write a vibrator report from the ship's trial documents at sea on 13-15 January and 20 January 2021. Paralleling electrical machine No. 4 was not tested because the control system was not ready. Auto mode parallelism cannot be used in government service. 4 generators, 1 broken, there is also a CSI LA page. Disclosure about the use of AH-36 steel plate Is welding wire standard? There are 13 problems but only 5 points are found to be repaired, but the other 8 points have not been repaired. A substandard steel position of thickness was found. A spot that does not need to be repaired but goes back to repair. This is called a stinky smell, even though some points are important to life, near the bones of the ship. Because there are no spare parts that are both stability aids of the ship, but because the company that contracted them cannot find spare parts. Read related news "Wisan" doubts "Prayuth" Excerpt linked to move Big Park bribery case against Prime Minister Answer the Hao knot. Insist this government has no "sell house and citizenship".  
Defence Minister clears all knots "HMS Sukhothai"|"Gen. Chaichan Changmongkol" Clarify all issues of HMS Sukhothai in general discussion M.152 The Navy has set up a fact-finding committee. The search for five more missing troops is ongoing. As for the maintenance of the vessel. Confirm that it is procedural, standardized and transparent today (16 February 2023). Gen. Chaichan Changmongkol Deputy Defence Minister Clarified the response to the issue of HMS Sukhothai in the general debate without a vote under Article 152 of the Constitution on the 2nd day. My deepest regret for the incident. Currently, there are still 5 troops that the Navy is still searching for today, the Prime Minister has ordered to take care of the troops' families as best as possible. Currently, the Navy has already initiated the grant of gratuities, royal ranks, and the filling of heirs, and the Navy has set up a committee to investigate the cause. fact The Navy's procedures, searches, rescues and liability for violations shall be carried out in accordance with the law and shall be reported to the Ministry of Defence every 15 days. The Navy Committee has already investigated 289 people involved and can initially determine the overall sequence of events, but still needs information. Maintenance of all ships is on track. There are 2 parts of the repair, one by the Navy by experts and with quality inspection and standards, and the other part is the private sector that requires expert engineers. Once repaired, it will be trialled before further delivery. An inspection committee appointed by the Navy must investigate whether there are any defects or causes of shipwrecks. Currently, the Board of Directors is under consideration for the proposed 30 companies. Confirm that it will work transparently and consider the appropriateness of the budget. Read related news, warship or cake? "Sukhothai collapse" defect or corruption"Rangsimant" points to "Senator Song A" implied money laundering case - found to be the owner of land Office of the "RTSO" Prime Minister Answer the Hao knot. Insist this government has no "sell house and citizenship". 
The Prime Minister clarified the council. Affirmative, everyone is subject to the same laws.|Prime Minister clarifies parliament government law reform Reduce inequality To create fairness for the nation and the people as a whole. Confirming everyone is under the same law today (February 16, 2023) at 7.19 p.m. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister and Defence Minister made the remarks at the meeting of the House of Representatives. The Prime Minister expressed his gratitude for various useful information, many of which are good information to improve the work further. Everyone needs to understand that the government has to take care of the whole country. Bad people, not just agents. Therefore, everyone must help keep society safe. The Prime Minister and the government will do their best to ensure that everyone in society lives happily together in a moral society that does not conflict with non-issues by provoking or behind the scenes for everyone to come out and move non-matters which are harmful to Thailand. If an offense is committed, there is no exemption. We must make the law the law. The country's judicial system must be respected. The Prime Minister has been under scrutiny all along. When the prosecution case came, he clarified, arranged representatives to clarify 300-400 cases, as well as informed the property with the NACC. The law says not to, but it does. The part that the N.C.C. does not disclose is a matter of The Prime Minister also asked the people to understand that every reform It takes time and cooperation, love and harmony to get there. Anything can be done, but if it affects others, it is necessary to discuss it to reach a conclusion. All in all. Reform is something that needs to be carried out continuously. Because of the long-standing overlap of problems. There are obstacles. It is a short-term, medium-term, long-term plan, some have already seen results, and many others will be achieved when its time comes. This government has already initiated many reforms, with 6 legal reforms that are considered to reduce inequality and create fairness for the nation and the people as a whole, namely: 1. Government Authorization Facilitation Act Clearly disclose the procedures and working period of all government agencies. Reduce the burden on the people. More convenient Save money Reduce the process of preventing corruption in the bureaucracy. Bring up what's under the table on the table. Reduce corruption for transparency is the law for everyone.2. Electronic Government Conduct Act Upgrade the system to keep up with the new world. Reduce paper usage Reduce procedures, reduce the discretion of officials, support work from home, and keep government secrets from leaking.3. The Act on Electronic Transactions was originally when contacting the government. He had to show up with his ID card, but this time, he contacted all government agencies. This can be done online. You don't have to show up, except... Marriage, divorce, adoption, ID card and passport registration that still require appearance4. Civil and Commercial Code Amendment Act The issue of default interest rates, fixing the brutal default interest rates, and unfair interest charging methods is a revolution in interest that has been used for almost 100 years, changing the history of interest charging in Thailand and solving structural problems for people and entrepreneurs across the country sustainably. from 7.5% to 3% per annum(2) In case of default, the debt shall be paid at 5% per annum. (3) The calculation of default interest must be based on the principal amount that the debtor has already defaulted on. It is not based on the total principal that the debtor still owes, thus creating fairness for the debtor that has been distorted for centuries. Push for new interest rate settings To hire and purchase vehicles more fairly(1) New car must not exceed 10% per annum(2) Used cars must not exceed 15% per annum(3) Motorcycle must not exceed the rate of 23% per annum, if anyone manages the debt well, can close the account early, the seller must also give a discount to the hire-purchaser. That is to say, the effective interest rate per year or effective interest rate with reduced interest by charging interest on the remaining principal in each period, not the traditional flat rate, is considered a law for the poor.5. The Act on the Adjustment of Wills Prison is not for the poor, but prison is for offenders. Criminal penalties shall be imposed only sparingly. Criminal fines for minor and non-serious offenses will be converted into fines such as working for society instead of serving criminal penalties, and criminal records will not be recorded.6. The Student Loan Fund Act helps more than 6 million poor Thai children to receive continuous education. Lower the ceiling on both the contractual interest rate and the default interest rate. Extend the repayment period from 15 years to 30 years, cancel the guarantor and allow borrowers to borrow. Reskill or upskill to keep pace with educational changes and demand for modern workers. Members who borrow money are asked to It's been decades. Repay it. Many of those who have already graduated have not returned, the Prime Minister said, saying that the law is both a tool to move the country. and obstacles to development if laws are outdated, redundant, or contradictory. With about 1,400 statute-level laws and more than 100,000 subordinate laws, this government seeks to unlock the shackles of outdated laws and accelerate the country's drive to obtain unnecessary legal guillotines and review, revise, unlock 1,094 government procedures. This leads to reduced procedures. Reduce the burden on people and entrepreneurs The Prime Minister reiterated at the end that it is our duty to cooperate between the government and the legislature. To fix these outdated laws as quickly as possible.
The Prime Minister has accepted the date of dissolution of Parliament in his mind.|The Prime Minister is ready to listen to the opposition proposals to solve the country's problems. The House is due to dissolve in mind, but on what date? Delay the time of the NRC - Pure election hopes Creativity for the benefit of the country People Today (16 Feb 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister said in a general debate without a vote of the opposition under Article 152 of the Constitution that everything is going well and he believes that everyone will know that the Prime Minister He said that the discussions of the opposition over the past 2 days were both useful to inform the government to improve and be ready to listen patiently for the country and the people by refusing to rate the debates of the opposition, including answering their own statements to the House. MPs from the ruling coalition attended the parliamentary session. Tomorrow (Feb 17), when the National Education Bill will be considered, he said he has been trying to highlight MPs as it is an important bill that the government should complete. The executive branch has done its best, so it asks lawmakers to consider whether the law will not be delayed until the consequences and the solution to the problem is delayed. prime minister No, let's look at the field as a whole campaign. Because in the past, I have always performed my duties. Even after this, there will be some field work, but not much, and still have to fulfill the duties of the Prime Minister, who even after the election has already taken place, will still have to act, will continue to perform the same duties according to the legal framework. Therefore, we must try to find a voice to be practical. Under the budget and limited conditions, Gen Prayuth declined to mention his readiness to participate in the political party's policy forum, only stating that he had not yet made a decision and would consider the opportunity and suitability. He also revealed that the dissolution of Parliament was scheduled to be trusted in advance, denying that it would be the first week of March because it would have to wait for another decision and planning events in advance, but was confident that many political parties were already ready and for the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, he believed that it was ready as well. Hopefully, the upcoming election will be a pure one. In order for the nation to move forward, the Prime Minister also made a Y2K gesture for the media to record.
NCPO rally in front of Proud Thai Party to oppose "Dr. Supat" move|The public gathered in front of the Proud Thai Party office. Phaholyothin Road opposes the transfer of "Dr. Suphat" to Saba Yoi Hospital Today (17 February 2023) in front of the Proud Thai Party, the Bag Warriors, Dr. Suphat's Friends and Ramkhamhaeng Network for Democracy gathered in front of the Proud Thai Party. Review of the transfer order Dr. Supat Hasuwankit From Chana Hospital to Saba Yoi Hospital In addition, there were speeches attacking Defence Minister Anutin Charnvirakul as the leader of the Proud Thai Party because the protesters perceived the move as unfair, the protesters viewed the order of the Ministry of Public Health as an order without good governance and an irregularity. Of course, it may be legal, the order he recreated, but it has no legitimacy. This case has never appeared in the history of ordering the transfer of the director of the district hospital. Therefore, I strongly oppose and disagree with the protesters alternately to speak. Mr. Roongruang Ramanya The president of the Marine Conservation Association said he thought the order The political parties were involved because Dr. Supat, who is the president of the Rural Doctors Club, was in conflict with the Health Minister for maintaining order. Bangkhen Police Station and Maj. Gen. Attapol Anusit Police Inspector No.2 went to the area to see the order by himself with information that the protesters will only gather on the sidewalk in front of the party office and will not enter the party office.
"Anucha" submitted his letter of resignation effective today. |"Anucha" submits letter of resignation, MP expected to join "Gen Prayuth" at Ruam Thai National Building Party today (February 17, 2023) Mr. Anucha Nakasai The Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, as Chai Nat MP and Secretary-General of the Power Pracharath Party, submitted a letter of resignation from the membership. Congressman to Mr. Chuan. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, through the Office of the Secretariat of the House of Representatives, asked for effect from today (February 17). To the Registrar of Political Parties, Office of the Election Commission (SEC) However, Mr. Anucha is one of the Sammitr group, who has denied the news of his resignation from the party and has not considered resigning at this time, but has already decided to join Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. prime minister
 "Te Mongkolkit" holds 9:09 a.m. to submit his resignation to MPs|"Te Mongkolkit" tendered his resignation to the MP to continue campaigning without political office and demanded ministers. Stop exercising your right to go to the area to be equal to all parties. Let's give the Thai Sriwilai Party a chance to return to work in the House today (17 February 2023). Thai party leader Sriwilai held a resignation letter at 9.09 a.m. to submit his resignation letter as a member of the House of Representatives. Sriwilai Thai Party He was pleased to be trusted by the people to serve as an MP and speak for the people across the country for 3 years, 10 months and 25 days. Discussions, both voting and non-resolution, received complaints from the people, which he proudly worked hard with, Mr. Mongkolkitt said. Therefore, he urged the party with an MP as a minister to stop exercising official rights during the campaign considering the party's policies. If they come back, they will have to be the government so they can come in and run the country to drive success. However, if the government has many parties, it may be difficult to work, it is ready to become the opposition to check the work of the administration. Can the Thai Sriwilai Party work together? He said he couldn't tell yet because he didn't know what the outcome of the election would be. Who will form a government like myself? I still don't know if I will come back or not, so it is time to return sovereignty to the people. Judge that if the people love themselves and love the Thai Sriwilai Party, they should also be elected back Earlier on February 15, after the debate on Article 152, Mr. Mongkolkitt bid farewell to his duties as an MP in the middle of the Parliament and bowed in the middle of the Parliament and stated that he would submit his resignation today. Read related news "Mongkolkit" bows in the middle of the House of Assembly to ask for the resignation of MPs on February 17. 
"Ung Ing" fur for Thailand to go to Ubon confident land slide lift province|"Ung-ing" confident Land slide lift Ubon believes people must choose good things for themselves. Given that this election campaign is not the last bet. Despite not being in government for 10 years, Prayuth is set to launch a major policy immediately when Prayuth announces the dissolution of Parliament today (February 17, 2023). Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family for Thailand, gave an interview to the media during a small speech at Wat Muang Diat. Ubon Ratchathani province said he was very confident that Ubon Pheu Thai Party would Our former provincial MPs have worked for the people to see that the Pheu Thai Party can do it, as well as people who have been in government before. We have the power of a new generation to push forward all the party's policies. "The speech stage was initially expected to be only 10,000 people, but when we arrived at the stage, we saw 30,000 people attending, which would cheer for the party, especially for the three-day campaign in the Northeast," she told reporters when asked if the campaign would be considered the last bet because Pheu Thai had not been in government for 10 years. Miss Paethongtarn paused to think for a moment. Before stating that we have to continue campaigning, be the next government. Continue to do it for the people. This is no one's bet, but an election where the people have to come out and exercise their rights. When we have the opportunity, we have to do it for the people. The hallmark of the party is its immediate policy. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha dissolves parliament and the party will launch more intensive policies, especially those in each province. Because each area has different problems, Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue added. Miss Paethongtarn said the decision is the people, how many times to bet. If the Pheu Thai Party continues its position Moving forward with policy, the people still have the right to make decisions. Miss Prathongtarn took the stage to ask the people of Ubon if she missed Big Daddy, which means Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra, receiving loud cheers and saying that she is close to 7 months pregnant. Aiming to develop transportation by rail that can deliver agricultural products for export to generate income for farmers, Mr. Nattawut took the stage to address the general debate platform of the opposition under Article 152 of the Constitution, where the opposition hijacked the question of corruption in the case of "Mr. Du Hao". Let gray Chinese capital come into Thailand, and drugs are the problems of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's government. It cannot be resolved and then reiterated the campaign policy of the Pheu Thai Party. On wages and medical care, he spoke about the voice of opposition to "Ung Ing-Phaethong Tarn Shinawatra" Ching candidate for Prime Minister that the intention was to make people not have to eat or how, then in the afternoon a small speech at Det Udom High School. Ms. Paethongtarn said at one point that a senator declared that even if the Pheu Thai Party gets 375 votes, it cannot form a government, which will make the voice of the people will not have that meaning. At the same time, Mr. Nattawut said that even if other parties form a government and have the support of the Prime Minister with 250 senators, it will be a minority government. Select for Thailand Slides Set up a government Meanwhile, Mr. Nattawut confirmed that the Pheu Thai Party does not have a sister party for the current 10 constituencies in Ubon Ratchathani, but in the next election there will be 11 constituencies. District 7 Mr. Sudarat Pitakpornpallop District 8 Mr. Ekapol Yawong District 9 Mr. Prapusak Jintavej District 10 Mr. Somkid Seokkong District 11 Mr. Chuvit Pitakpornpallop
The 2nd Session of Parliament will be adjourned from March 1. |With the latest website Government Gazette announcing the Royal Decree on the closing of the Parliamentary Session of the 2nd Annual General Meeting of 2023 from March 1, 2023, His Majesty the King Rama Thibodi Srisindramahavajiralongkorn His Majesty the King has a royal decree to please me and then the Government Gazette website published Decree on the Closing of the Parliamentary Session of the Second Annual General Meeting According to the Royal Decree on the Parliament for the 2nd Annual General Meeting of 2023 from November 1, 2022, At the end of 120 days according to the 2nd Annual General Meeting on February 28, 2023, and then by virtue of Article 122 and Article 175 of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand, His Majesty the King has graciously enacted the Royal Decree. The 2nd Annual General Meeting of Parliament will be closed from March 1, 2023. The Prime Minister is the recipient of the royal decree. 
End of "Yut Angkinand", former minister - MP for many times|End of "Yut Angkinand" MP Phetchaburi Many reigns. Former Agriculture-Labour Minister Many sessions today (February 18, 2023) Mr. Yuthapol Angkinand, Deputy Head of the Thai Pattana Party It was revealed that his father, Yut Angkinand, had passed away. At 8:05 p.m. on Feb. 17, 2023, with congestive heart failure. After continuing treatment with kidney failure and cardiac arrhythmias, the funeral will be watered on Sunday, February 19, 2023 at 2.00 p.m. and pray Abhidhamma at 6.30 p.m. at Wat Phra Buddha Reclining (Reclining Buddha Temple), Khlong Krachang Subdistrict, Muang District, Phetchaburi Province, and will then pray Abhidhamma for another 9 nights at 7.00 p.m. until February 27, 2023 for Mr. Yut Angkinand, born on April 6, 1936. He started playing local politics as a member of the municipal council until the mayor of Phetchaburi Municipality before running for election to the Phetchaburi House of Representatives, and was elected for the first time in 1983 and continued until 1996. Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives in the Government Gen. Suchinda Kraprayoon and is the Deputy Minister of Labour and Social Welfare. In Government Chuan He retired from national politics and returned to local politics until he was elected mayor of Phetchaburi Municipality until February 1, 2021. 
Lt. Col. opens the main speech stage in Roi Et province Launch 8 prospective candidates  |PTT opens big speech at Bueng Plan Chai area, Muang district, Roi Et province to promote new income generation policy Poverty Eradication is ready to launch candidates in all 8 districts today (February 18, 2023). Pheu Thai Party led by Ms. Paetongtarn Chinwit Head of Family for Thailand, Dr. Chonnan Srikaew The Pheu Thai Party leader took to the stage for his final speech today (February 18) at Lan Bueng Plan Chai, Muang District, Roi Et Province, and unveiled the candidates in all 8 districts, which are both new and old, comprising District 1 Mr. Sathaporn Wongsathanapong (New Candidate), District 2 Mr. Wise Kham Chuang (Old), District 3 Mr. Niramit Sujaree (Old), District 4 Mr. Narakorn Namuangrak, his son. Mr. Niran Na Muang Rak Current Congressman for District 5 Ms. Jiraporn Sinthuprai (Old) District 6 Mr. Kitti Somsap (Old) District 7 Mr. Sakda Kongpetch (Old) District 8 Ms. Chayapa Sinthuprai (New Candidate) Ms. Paethongtarn said that before giving a speech in Roi Et Province, Mr. Thaksin told me that he had come to vote and people had asked him to be the Prime Minister to take care of the people and to uphold the policy of suspending farmers' debt and to implement the 30-baht policy to cure all diseases to improve the people to use as welfare. It will be distributed to people in every village to have an opportunity to access financing and tell about the project that may be able to model to solve the problem for the people who were hit by the coup first. The Pheu Thai Party will make a policy to get out of debt and generate income for the people while raising the policy of 600 baht wage, confirming that the Pheu Thai Party as the government can do so within 4 years and of course get a starting salary of 25,000 baht. Let's elect a party for Thailand both people and a party for Landslide. In order to push forward the policies that have campaigned to solve the problems of the people Dr. Chonnan continued to emphasize that the Pheu Thai Party has only one party, no sister party, no sister party, no party branch. Pheu Thai Party thinks big by thinking No. 1 is to win the landslide. Roi Et province in all 8 districts and think Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. But to succeed, it must be done with the cooperation of the people as Mr. Nattawut gave a speech about the administration of this government that has ruined the country. As for whether Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra will return to Thailand or not. It's not about the Pheu Thai Party to become the government or not. But if for Thailand to become a 3-year government has returned home, of course, saying that Thaksin's party is evil and they themselves are good people. This town needs people to respect the rules. Respect the people to solve problems, but now I don't realize that I will only stay and let the senator come out as an outpost every day.
"Chaiwut" Policy Maker Dismantling obsolete laws Turn tribute into taxes|"Chaiwut" pushes to solve gray Chinese capital as a policy of the Pracharath Power Party Dismantling obsolete laws Change tribute to taxes, plug the gap in Chinese capital, tricky corruption today (February 19, 2022) Digital Economy and Society (DES) Minister Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn said the debate on gray capital in the House of Commons was "an attempt by opposition parties". During the period of serious crackdown, especially the gray Chinese capital groups that were exposed had to flee abroad, as well as many arrested groups, all of which were important for the government to crack down on seriously. After receiving the information without any inaction, Mr. Chaiwut insisted that the government would take action on this matter to the end. To solve problems for the people. However, the issue of gray capital has been a problem for decades. It is a known problem that there are many illegal businesses in Thailand, and everyone runs to the authorities to pay tribute or find someone to take care of them. The government is not involved. The government is trying to solve this problem. For its part, the Pracharath Party agreed that this matter is not only solved by having the authorities go down to take the crackdown seriously. Some matters may require amendments to the law to change tribute to taxes because they have to accept that something abroad is legal, such as hospitality businesses, pubs and bars that open at night, other countries can open after midnight. Liquor can be sold after midnight. It is not possible to do it in Thailand because it is illegal, causing foreigners who come to invest to travel in Thailand or foreigners who want to drink after midnight. Tribute must be paid in order to be able to open the service. Illegal business has emerged, however. This matter will be proposed as the policy of the Pracharath Party. Solve outdated laws that are contrary to the way people live. Change tribute to taxes, which will bring money to develop the country. Initially, it was proposed at the meeting, and there were many matters that needed to be amended by law. As for what it really can't do, it's drugs. Human trafficking must be taken seriously and the law may need to be amended to impose heavier penalties. Turn tribute into taxes To solve the problem of corruption, read related news, please the King of Parliament closed the 2nd session of the Parliament from March 1, "Anucha" submitted a letter of resignation. MPs effective today "Oung-ing" Fur to Thailand to go to Ubon confident Land slide lift province
"Seri Pisut" to control the party The quote has signaled a political lockdown. |"Seri Pisut" is confident in the 14 policies of the Seri Ruam Thai Party to truly meet the country's needs to solve problems for the people, reiterating that candidates must strictly comply with the law because there may be a political overturn today (February 19, 2023). The head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party addressed the party's annual general meeting yesterday (Feb 18). The party has unveiled exactly where its candidates are. Nearly 400 district system MPs across the country and announced 14 party policies to prepare for this election. 2. Single ID card Free treatment throughout Thailand 3. Free education until graduation and debt cancellation The university will pay 25,000 baht per year for 2 academic sessions totaling 50,000 baht per person per year.4. 5. Disability allowance 3,000 baht per month 6. Zero drugs by setting the national agenda 7. Defeat corruption, conquer the bully, pastoral care of good people, return the budget to the people 8. Police reform 9. Army Reform 10. Collect weapons to stop death 11. Build dams for agriculture Prevent drought and flooding 12. Cheap electric fuel for the people, such as reclaiming PTT to return to the people. 13. Strengthen the efficiency of the village fund 14. Sustainable solutions to Thai fisheries problems Meanwhile, yesterday's party meeting also crystallized ideas as the party's policy to solve the country's chronic problems. Since the last seizure of power until today, we are confident that the 14 party policies will meet all the needs of Thai society. The society will accept and choose exactly where the candidate is. The party's MPs in all regions shall be Pol. Gen. Seri Pisut. He said that in order to build public confidence in the party's response and trust to have more MPs, the candidate The MPs introduced themselves with all 14 party policies during the election period from now onwards and must strictly abide by the law because now strange political signs are emerging. They still don't know whether to go head or tails, so party members must be strict in complying with the law in all respects. In order not to be a loophole for some parties to open up political issues.
Prime Minister visits Nakhon Si area to follow up on solving repeated flood disasters|The Prime Minister traveled to the government inspection area in Nakhon Si Thammarat province. This is especially true of the repetitive flooding solution, which took a whole day to follow up on solutions for people in many areas today (20 days). (February 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister visited the government inspection area in Nakhon Si Thammarat province. Chulabhorn Government Center Chulabhorn, Nakhon Si Thammarat Students, government officials and local residents were greeted. Prime Minister from the morning, there are also members of the House of Representatives. Local politicians in the area and neighboring provinces, including the candidates of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, welcomed the Prime Minister with a baslob dance performance, roses for the Prime Minister by the people holding banners to cheer and support the Prime Minister. Meanwhile, Local government officials will present Chulabhorn's development project and reflect on the problems after this, the Prime Minister will visit Maharaj Nakhon Si Thammarat Hospital where he will present a project to develop the capacity of medical services for excellence in the southern region. Therefore, villagers want to solve water management problems. The disaster has occurred many times. It is now leaving traces of damage to the stream. Many roads Damaged bridges Invalid The use of steel bridges to be installed temporarily is inconvenient and inconsistent with related goods and agriculture by villagers and local leaders who have adopted proposals to restore the bridge to a stable structure that can withstand flood currents. As well as the construction of new roads to replace the old ones that have been repeatedly damaged.
Analysis: Countdown to the day of "Dissolution of Parliament"|After a general debate without a resolution under Article 152, from now on, it can be called a countdown to the date of dissolution of Parliament. Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha said he had a date in his mind but did not want to tell him. The media asked the prime minister last time on February 16, the last day of the general debate without a vote under Article 152. The Deputy Prime Minister, speaking to Mr. Vishnu, admitted that he had given a report on what could and could not be done from now on before the dissolution of Parliament and until the election day until the government was formed. It is a sign that they will prepare and calculate the date of dissolution of Parliament and the day of the election. If you look at the good season, according to Thai astrology, such as "Thongchai Day". When you check that during the month March 15 is Thongchai Day and March 21 is another day that is watched because it is the birthday of Gen. Prayut and the other day is March 22, which number 22 also has ties to Gen. Prayut because it corresponds to May 22, 57, which is the day of the seizure of power if predicted or guessed. Gen Prayut said that the 3 days are 3 numbers in mind, namely March 15, March 21 and March 22. Mar, March 15, March 22, and March 29 are also the best days of the month. The term of political party affiliation of all members of the House of Representatives, framed for no party affiliation of at least 90 days before the election, which led to the dissolution of Parliament, will expire from February 7, 2023. If the term expires until March 23, 2023, but if you look at the political situation surrounding the party move, the party of MPs is still necessary and there must be another lot moved, the dissolution of Parliament must be enacted. Act and then enforce it. If Parliament is dissolved, a general election must be held within 45 days but not more than 60 days from the date the Act comes into force, dating back to the last history of Thai politics. The dissolution of Parliament took place on December 9, 2013. Yingluck Shinawatra's government moved to Abhisit Vejjajiva's reign on May 10, 2011 and February 24, 2006. Thaksin government Shinawatra, the last three times, has had a political crisis and election day on the 7th. May is the most talked about date from the beginning because according to the timeline that counts like this, there is still May 14.
"Rangsiman Rome" ready to fight the gray Chinese capital case|"Rangsiman Rome" Confirm the information and evidence that was revealed in the middle of the House of Commons about the person involved in the gray Chinese capital group is real and legally obtained, but if prosecuted, he is ready to fight the case in court today. (20 Feb 2023) Rangsiman Rome, MP for the Progressive Party, made the statement and opened more evidence. After an unmasking debate, The case of "gray Chinese capital" and alluded to a senator until he was sued for defamation. Claim for damages of 100 million baht With reference to the senator. False account statements, the sale of Allure Group, and within this week, a complaint will be filed. The NACC also questioned whether the police department would take action. After the senator's protection document expires, After the close of the parliamentary session on February 28, before questioning whether the facts show that the assets obtained through money laundering will be confiscated and frozen according to the law, Mr. Rangsiman Rome insisted on acting. MPs as stipulated by the Constitution. If indicted, they are ready to fight the case in court. Confirm the documents brought to light in the middle of the House as facts. He noted that the police were working quickly with the case.
"Demo" Confirming no party moves, launching candidates for 5 Eastern provinces  |"Demo" Health Minister and Deputy Leader of the Democratic Party confirmed the party's move and unveiled its candidates for MPs in 5 eastern provinces. Yesterday (February 20, 2023), Rayong province was under scrutiny because of the announcement of the opening speech of Sathit Pitutecha. Deputy Health Minister and Deputy Leader of the Democratic Party Earlier there were rumors that Sathit Pitutecha might change the camp of the party in the 2023 elections. Finally, he revealed that he will remain affiliated with the Democratic Party on the stage of the "Heart... from the Heart of Demonstration" activity at Laem Charoen Beach. Muang Rayong Mr. Sathit confirmed that he will remain affiliated with the Democratic Party because he is confident in the Democratic Party, a political institution that has been with Thailand for 77 years and is a political party that no one can control. There are 3 prime ministers from the Democratic Party, so we are confident that the Democratic Party will be a political party that is in Thailand. On both the day the party was at its high point and the bottom, Mr. Sathit also announced that he would revive the Democratic Party to its former greatness. Yesterday, the Democratic Party MPs candidates on behalf of the "demonstration team" in 5 eastern provinces, namely Rayong, Chonburi, Chanthaburi, Trat and Chachoengsao, confirmed that the demonstration team There is no gray color and is ready to move forward as a demonstration team to become a government. Solve problems in the eastern region and launch the policy strategy "Eastern region must be special (egging)" to develop the eastern region which is an economic, industrial, export, tourism and agricultural area. Upgrading the public health system through a joint venture between the public and private sectors. The Sky-Doctor system refers patients in the eastern region, as well as the provincial self-management policy in the eastern region. To draw taxes from the central area, return to develop the eastern region, etc.
"Somsak" is confident that "Power of the State" will be the government 99%.|"Somsak" is confident that the PDP will become the government 99% because of the influx of politicians into the party and the party leader is dedicated, pointing out that politicians are not yet polarized. Waiting for polarization after the election, there are already MPs in hand today (February 21, 2023). Mr. Somsak Thepsutin The Justice Minister, chairman of the Pracharath Party's strategy, spoke about the case of the Election Commission (SEC). Revised the regulations on the dissolution of political parties during the period when the Pracharath Party had a petition in The SEC said it was one of the 10 agencies that could improve the legal order for national reform, but the announcement of the dissolution of the party would take 3-7 months to be reviewed and would be criticized as too late or too rushed. Somsak said he had to ask the party's legal department because he didn't know. He said that he had belonged to two dissolved political parties, the Thai Rak Thai Party and the Democratic Matchima Party, and that he saw that the political parties were easily dissolved or that they might have some kind of power. Various movements to the power of Mr. Suriya thus flourished. The Industry Minister, who has been working in politics together for 30 years, pointed out that it is now time to resign and move the party. Mr. Somsak also mentioned the policy on Sammitr's part, saying that if the elders of the party do not ask, they cannot tell, but admitted that he had tried to call several meetings before but did not receive attention. If you say it before and can't do it, it will lose people, but you can confirm that if you go to any ministry, you can come up with a policy when asked if it shows that you have not shown your skills. Mr. Somsak actually said that today there would be no need for any policy before laughing and saying that the current party movement is based on the policy of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The party leader is a selling point, but if he is assigned as a minister, he is ready to propose additional policies such as making fewer people in jail and have jobs when he gets out of prison when asked if he wants to change the ministry. Mr. Somsak said it was about the future. Don't say it, he'll say it's greed, anger, lost the timeline for the dissolution of Parliament at Mr. Vishnu Kruanggam. The Deputy Prime Minister said it would happen later this month. The FEC views whether the late dissolution of Parliament will affect the election. Mr. Somsak said that the incident was caused by The SEC said it could not dissolve parliament at this stage due to factors related to the delimitation of constituencies that are currently being petitioned in the Constitutional Court. The numbers are still irrational. It requires mathematical numbers to calculate, so it is evident that no matter when the Parliament is dissolved, there are both disadvantaged and profitable, for example, some parties use social media to campaign and attack their rivals. Those who do not have enough power, such as small parties, are at a disadvantage when asked about the political drive of the head of the Pracharath Power Party. It's going to change politics. Mr. Somsak is confident that the Power Pracharath Party will be the 99% government, which anyone who does not know where to go will come to the Power Pracharath Party, stating that politicians are not currently polarizing politics but will wait for the time after the election is over. There are MPs in hand, then polarization, all parties want to be the government, but still a little dignified, while the Pracharath Power Party, which is campaigning for the middle line, will have difficulty with the polarization war? Mr. Somsak said that the party leader was dedicated and reiterated that the leader of the Pracharath Power Party was the freshest. You can see it on your clothes.
Court accepts petition for counting "non-Thai nationals" to calculate district MPs - Voting scheduled for March 3|The Constitutional Court accepted the petition. SAT case to diagnose Does counting non-Thai nationals calculate the number of MPs and constituencies? The meeting is scheduled for discussion and resolution on March 3 today (February 21, 2023). Meetings, consultations and resolutions are scheduled. The petition of the SAT asking for a ruling to provide clarity. In the case of using the number of people who do not have Thai nationality to calculate the number of MPs that each province should have in order to divide the constituencies, it is expected that if the decision is finalized, the court will issue a press release informing the guidelines of the award in 2 ways: 1. The operation of the SAT in the first place is already legal. Or, 2. The court pointed out that non-Thai nationals could not be used to calculate the number of MPs in each province and divide the constituencies. The SAT also had to recalculate the number of MPs in each province and the division of constituencies so as not to disrupt the election timeline. Yesterday (20 Feb 23) Election Commission (SEC) The meeting knocked out the division of 400 provincial constituencies and is expected to be completed by the end of the year. This February or the beginning of the month. Mar, which sources in the office The SEC insisted that it would not affect the holding of the election.  The Constitutional Court accepted the petition. SAT case to diagnose Does counting non-Thai nationals calculate the number of MPs and constituencies? The meeting is scheduled for discussion and resolution on March 3. It is reported that the office The SAT has already prepared a plan to support the Constitutional Court's ruling in every way. Both the old guidelines that counted the number of people who did not have Thai nationality or the 400 districts were based on the guidelines that the Constitutional Court may decide not to count people who do not have Thai nationality as citizens in the calculation of office electoral districts. The SAT informs If the court decides not to count non-Thai citizens, it will affect the number of people divided by 10%, which will change 8 provinces, namely 4 provinces with a reduced number of MPs: 1.Tak, 2.Chiang Rai, 3.Chiang Mai and 4.Samut Sakhon. The provinces where the number of MPs increased were 1.Udon Thani, 2.Lopburi, 3.Nakhon Si Thammarat, and 4.Pattani based on the calculation by taking only the number of Thai citizens, both men and women nationwide. Divided by 400 districts, the average population per district is 162,766 people, which originally included people who do not have Thai nationality was 165,226 people per district.
"Prime Minister" proposes dissolution of Parliament This March |The Prime Minister said at the beginning of March that he would "dissolve Parliament" in order to meet the election timeline announced by the SEC. Today (21 Feb 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister acknowledged that it is possible to see the dissolution of Parliament at the beginning of the month. This is to ensure that the election timeframe is in line with the timeline of the Election Commission (SEC). From now on, important legislation and state welfare cards will be expedited by March 1, while the current election date is as follows. The SEC announced it on May 7, so the time frame for many parts will continue. In order to achieve as much order as possible leading up to the election, it was understood that MPs would consider the important legislation that was pending when asked if they had to wait for the Prime Minister's day to dissolve Parliament. Gen Prayuth said when asked if it was early. Is this March at all? Gen Prayut said: "I told you. March gives time to catch up and be consistent to give MPs some time to breathe. I don't weigh anyone down, I work every day, and whether it doesn't collapse, the Cabinet has the same meeting. He must remain in office until a new government is formed. There are many rules that do not read, read related news, analyze Countdown to the day of dissolution of Parliament  
Warriors grooved "Cool Dokjik" dumped for Thailand to do mass for the RTSO.|"Stay there as, here as diamonds," the metaphor of Yoswarit Chuluk or "Cool Dog", a former grooving warrior. Leader of the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship (UDD) On the day he left the Pheu Thai Party to join the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO), Mr. Yoswarit said that he moved to the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party. Combat tactics are currently underway. The name "Patriotic Unite" is similar to what was driven. UDD alongside Pheu Thai Party Pulling the heartbroken masses. disappointed Uneasy, lonely, nowhere to go, or not knowing where to go from the Pheu Thai Party to the Patriotic Unity, which the SAT cannot find a way to catch their guilt because it is a mass work, not a party. Speaking fully, Mr. Yoswarit, 65 years old, has been crawling on the political streets all along. He was disqualified from politics for concealing assets and political crimes, including robbing military tanks in 2010 and was jailed for nearly 2 years without anyone's help. After the court ordered the disqualification of political disqualification for 10 years, there are 5 years left to be acquitted of Mr. Yoswarit. Admit that in the past he was a full-fledged red shirt. Always resisted and criticized the other side. I think all colors shouldn't be discriminated again. Alliance and OIC When the fight was over, all groups quit except the Red Shirts. UDD "I couldn't go to jail 4-5 times anymore. When the Court of Appeal gave the final verdict in the tank robbery case for 5 years and 4 months, I was the only one. While we fought for him, we didn't fight for ourselves, but the time came to lose focus. Fight for him. We went to jail. We fought for him. When he was in jail, he was taken care of. We had to take our car to finance to spend while in jail, so I thought it should be enough, Mr. Yoswarit emphasized that former UDD leaders like him are like bloodhounds. He shared the meat in the basement, and the dog sat panting and got nothing. It's full of wounds. I still have to sit and lose my wound to heal myself. When the owner wants to use it, he finds a dog to hunt for meat again. Those faithful dogs keep hunting for meat, but dogs like themselves Not anymore, after being persuaded by an adult who had helped Suggest to work at the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. He and Mr. Somwang Asrasi Another former UDD leader decided to join the event without any conditions without being a member of the party as he was still in the process of being disqualified from politics." I said to Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. But seeing that the personnel of the party come from a variety of countries, including the PDP, the power of the state, the local Thai people, come together if they go into election mode, it is considered democratic," Mr. Yoswarit said, noting that although Gen. Prayuth had seized power in 2014, in 2019 he entered the election, which was considered democratic and met the conditions of the constitutional law that allows it. The villagers came to listen to the speech, no one scolded. He understood why he was here, explained that now there is no red, no yellow, no whistle, we should be in the colors of the flag together. Even though you know that the blue corner will win, why should you cheer? It can help us solve problems for the upcoming elections. As a former Pheu Thai Party underground warrior, Yoswarit said there was no way the Pheu Thai Party would make a "landslide" because it had completely destroyed its own ground war warriors once they were destroyed. Pheu Thai Party pushes friends into enemies, so how can "land slide"? Many people moved away from the party, not just taking those with points. What Mr. Jatuporn Promphan says every day Mr. Yoswarit said that if democracy existed in the Pheu Thai Party, the key personnel would not be shattered. In many areas, the party hopes for land slides. It's about taking me to a partylist and putting you in congressional district, like this, to some extent, but not all because of your generation. Mr. Yoswarit said that although the villagers still love former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, but when the time comes, he can see that he loves almost to death, but does not use it, it is useless. 3. The policy is to choose the roster, and 4. The money comes Mr. Yoswarit said that after March 1. It is expected that the identity of the candidates of MPs in both the district system and the party's list will be clear. As a Ground War warrior, he will work in public politics in the targeted areas so that he will not get too tired. The goal is to complete all areas of the candidate for the district system, so it is interesting that pulling the former warrior grooved. Will the UDD move the masses in the Red Shirt area of the Ruam Thai National Building Party really crush and defeat its major rivals, especially the Pheu Thai Party?
Cabinet taps central budget of 396 million to purchase 150 armored vehicles|The Cabinet tapped the central budget of 396 million baht. Purchase of 150 armored vehicles to replace those that have been used for more than 12 years to strengthen the claws of the southern border provinces today (February 21, 2023) MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister's Office The Cabinet of Ministers meeting approved the expenditure budget for the fiscal year 2023. Central budget for emergency or necessary expenses amounting to Baht 396 million. To cover the cost of purchasing 150 replacement armored vehicles used in the southern border provinces at a price of 2.64 million baht each because the bulletproof armored vehicles that are currently in use for more than 12 years are in a dilapidated condition, prone to accidents and unsafe for officers. As a result, it weighs about 1,500 kilograms or 1.5 tons more than conventional pickup trucks, resulting in faster wear and tear on the suspension and engine, which is 216 units by fiscal year 2023. Auction in progress Therefore, it is necessary to purchase replacement bulletproof armored vehicles for officers to use in the mission to maintain order in the area continuously. Install bulletproof glass. Equipped with steel plates to prevent flakes, as well as improving the suspension and door hinges to support the weight of armor, Ms. Ratchada said the central budget support for the provision of bulletproof armored vehicles will boost the morale of officers on missions in the southern border area of Changwat, which is at high risk of assault, and allow special operations units to tighten and clear the area to safety to rescue hostages or injured more effectively. 
Warn political parties not to promote and campaign on "Tiktok"|Tiktok announces its stance prohibiting political parties or service users from buying ads, promoting them. Boost posted a campaign policy strictly to prevent disinformation about elections and rights violations. TikTok will strictly not allow the promotion or advertising of political issues, but political parties can publicize their policies to make them aware of them. It classifies politically related accounts as government accounts. To create clear boundaries, TikTok platform executives stated that the guidelines are meant to prevent election-related inaccuracies or misrepresentations. Infringement of others' rights Reducing hateful behavior and violent extremism for content review tools will take two approaches: AI systems and global and domestic experts to review content. If found to be in breach of Community Guidelines, we will take action to remove the video or notify the video before posting the video clip to prevent users from forwarding invalid content. In addition, the Election Center has been established to help users access information about the election, including voter procedures, political party information, etc. The data will be linked to Sgt. Jirapat Lee, Head of Policy Supervisory Division, Platform-Thailand-TikTok. It states that political advertising is the use of ad boost money. Using booster post money, which is not possible. Accounts categorized by government, politician, and political party accounts (GPPPA) or government accounts Politicians and political parties will have their promotional buttons turned off based on Community Guidelines Enforcement Report data during the month. Jul-Sep 2022 More than 96.5 percent of videos were proactively removed on the platform, 92.7 percent were removed within 24 hours, and 89.5 percent were removed before views, demonstrating the effectiveness of the technology. TikTok User Collaboration & OperationsRead More NewsMeta Prepare to collect money for the "blue check mark" on Facebook - IG reiterates! Do not click the "Bank" link. Adjust the way to warn fraudsters of transactions.
"Pitha" to "Piyabutr" to quit "hands do not paddle feet moldy" |"Pitha" Facebook post to "Piyabut" Stop paddling with your feet. He stated that he sacrificed himself as the leader of the far-right party when the New Future Party was dissolved. Currently, the party has more members and is accelerating to listen to problems and formulate policies to fight the election today (February 22, 2023). Former General Secretary of New Future Party Facebook post Criticism of the case of the "land slide" that the party cannot advance He stated many issues, especially the number of district MPs that the far-reaching party needs to add from the district MPs and the leadership of the far-reaching party leaders. That cannot lead people to believe that the party will be the mainstay in forming the government. Last night. Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. A Facebook post stating that he sacrificed himself to take over as party leader went a long way. Meanwhile, the New Future Party was dissolved. Progressive Party With 70,00 party members, it has overtaken the New Future Party, gaining the trust of the people for 1 to 4 consecutive years based on the number of people who pay taxes to the party. In order to listen to problems and formulate policies continuously to fight the election, Mr. Pitha also asked Mr. Piyabutr to stop criticizing by using the words "stop paddling with moldy feet" as it would affect the goals that have been achieved together. Read related news "Rangsimant" Answer the knot "Piyabut-Pitha" serve strong words, but do not contradict them.    
"Rangsimant" Answer the knot "Piyabut-Pitha" serve strong words, but do not contradict them. |"Rangsimant" stokes news of cracks "Piyabutr-Pitha" serves strong words, but definitely does not contradict polarization. Behind the scenes, there is only goodwill, let's all step aside, join together to eliminate the 3 years.
Today (22 Feb 2023) Mr. Rangsiman Rome, Spokesperson and List MP of the Progressive Party Mention the political response between Piyabutr Sangkanokkul Secretary General of the Progressive Faculty and Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The party leader went a long way in saying that all parties would like to see each other's actions that are good for each other. For example, Mr. Piyabutr posted several criticisms on Facebook, believing that he would like to see the party go further in the elections. Pitha, on the other hand, may expect Piyabutr to do other things that are beneficial to the democratic movement. In the end, the goal was achieved from the establishment of the New Future Party until the dissolution of the party. If you look behind the harsh words, everyone has good wishes, which is why Mr. Pitha and his party want Piyabutr to help as much as he can. It must be admitted that after Mr. Piyabutr was disqualified from politics. Mr. Piyabutr was also unable to play a role in the party. So they may do what they can to make Thailand the result of the 3-year era, but there may be some harsh words. I thought I would have to retune when I asked if it wasn't a problem within the party. Mr. Rangsiman said that people who are party members and support the party go a long way. He loved everyone, including Mr. Thanathorn Rungruangkit. Mr. Piyabutr and Mr. Pitha love everyone who used to be a member of the New Future Party. However, if asked if it is possible to have a misunderstanding, it is a common thing that is normal as a political party, but there is no denying that the use of harsh words is not a problem, but it is not to the extent that it will prevent the party from going ahead with the election when asked if the incident affected the party because Chris Protanan, a former party member and founder of Yarn Group, resigned, especially as the situation is close to the election. Mr. Rangsiman said that in the case of Mr. Chris, I would like to cut it because it is not a problem, it is normal that there is a personal opinion that may disagree with the approach, then walk away, it is very common, it cannot be linked to the case of Mr. Piyabutr, he tried to adjust it to be a mirror himself, but he admitted that some words may be harsh, maybe it is contrary to the feeling that when we go to the ground, we will see that the response of the people is good, but of course, it may be a disagreement. Ask if it's going to affect you. I'm also positive, that it's a debate, a discussion, maybe a little harsh, but it's at that level, but not to the extent that it causes division of the party. If there is a split in the party, it may be said that there is a long-term problem, this one may be, but this case has not reached that point, Mr. Rangsiman said. Many progressive party MPs There's no one who feels like it's going to be a problem that can't be discussed. It is a problem that can still be dealt with by using the main discussion as an understanding of the reason when asked if there will be a clearing appointment with Mr. Piyabutr. Mr. Rangsiman said he could not answer yet because he had not made any appointment yet, but he thought it was a process that needed to be thought about, seeing the discussion as a solution. Referring to the case of Mr. Thanathorn, who still posts support for the Step Forward Party, it is clear that Mr. Thanathorn also confirmed on Twitter that the Step Forward Party is a political party that is the answer to Thai society, a political party inherited from the New Future Party, and believes that Mr. Thanathorn is a walking companion, perhaps not the same car, but the same destination, which is a good sign. If you can't get past it. We don't get enough seats on the council to make sharp policies successful. It's impossible, so this is an intense time. There are challenges ahead. I have to go through when I ask if I have anything for Mr. Piyabutr. Mr. Rangsiman said he would not leave it to anyone specifically, but he personally viewed it as a matter of criticism. We are in a context where we can criticize, but I personally look at the need to overcome political enemies, so we have to take 3 years out of politics. Otherwise, the country will be ruined. Related News"Pitha" to "Piyabutr" to quit "hands do not paddle feet moldy"
Fisheries Network asks Council to postpone consideration Fisheries Minister dreaded the collapse of the House of Commons|Fisheries Network Submit a letter The House of Commons is requested to adjourn the fisheries legislation for consideration in the early session of tomorrow. (February 23, 2023) If the release is delayed, fishermen will lose their opportunities today (February 22, 2023). President of Samae San Fisheries Association handed a letter to Mr. Sutin Armoury The Chairman of the Opposition Whip also submitted a letter to the Speaker of the House of Representatives through Mrs. Pongsri Tarapoom. Spokesman for the Speaker of the House of Representatives In order to request that the agenda of the draft amendment to the Fisheries Decree Amendment Act B.E. 2558 (2558) be postponed to the agenda of tomorrow (February 23, 2023), but the motion is at the end, he wants it to be postponed for consideration at the beginning of the meeting because he fears that the House of Representatives will collapse again. If the release is delayed, it is believed that the fishermen will no longer be left, Mr. Sutin said. The motion will be adjourned for consideration tomorrow (February 23, 2023) at the first stage and will be coordinated with the WIP. The government in order to move forward the law in the meeting of the opposition whip resolved to accept the principle and move forward to amend the law because he saw the problem of fishermen that is now beginning to deteriorate in a difficult point and may lead to this occupation. Seeing that there was a need to expedite consideration for fishermen, Mrs. Pongsri said that the bill was in the interest of many parties and from the discussion of the two whips saw the importance of this issue. Today, if the agenda is adjourned, the law will be put on the agenda tomorrow. Due to the adjournment of the meeting agenda, the proposal must be made at least 1 day in advance.
The PDC. Another 15 MPs have announced that they will support the policy of taking care of pregnant women.|Civil Power 15 more MPs have announced that they will launch a policy to take care of pregnant women with 10,000 baht per month after giving birth and 3,000 baht per month after giving birth for 6 years today (22 February 2023). Led by Mr. Santi Prompat, General Secretary of the Power Pracharath Party, Mr. Paiboon Nittawan and Virat Rattanaseth, Deputy Head of the Power Pracharak Party, announced that the candidates for the House of Representatives of the 15th Party People in 10 provinces by Mr. Virat said that he wants the prospective candidates The MPs standing today will have to adopt policies such as the 700 baht welfare card and the elderly policy, as well as the land policy and the Have Us No Drought policy. The candidates must fulfill the people's dreams as a link between the people and the PPP and the government led by Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan, who will be the 30th prime minister, while Paiboon believes that with the idea principle The ideology of the party leader, transcending conflict and eliminating problems in all areas, is the most important principle to make a candidate have a chance to be a member of the House of Representatives. Gen Prawit is certainly the 30th Prime Minister.Mr. Santi has launched a policy to take care of women during pregnancy, whereby when they start their pregnancy and enter the 5th-9th month, the party will support 10,000 baht per month for 5 months and 3,000 baht per month for 6 years. It is considered that the party has taken care of people of all ages from 5 months onwards for a long time. Given that we lack young personnel, we support women to have children and daughters 10,000 baht per month for 5 months until delivery and 3,000 baht to 6 years old for childcare per month. The party said it wanted to encourage an increase in the population as the number of newborn children is currently over 500,000 per year, which is lower than the benchmark of 800,000 per year. Perform dance accompaniment to the elderly policy, which is a move that the Pracharath Party will use in its election campaign. In the next election, the atmosphere at the end was lively and vocal. Said I'd rehearse for you. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Party leader to use during the campaign with Mr. Mingkwan Saengsuwan, a party member. As the policy steering committee of the Power Pracharath Party, it was announced that the Power Pracharath Party commissioned to study the reduction of water and fuel prices. To solve people's stomach problems. Therefore, together with the team spent months studying, which saw that the price structure of oil had to be changed, if the price of oil decreased, especially to reduce the cost of producing important goods that are consumer goods, it will be cheaper according to the price of gasoline from the study. When the world oil price will change accordingly, it depends on the price structure of each type of oil. Mr. Mingkwan said that the price of petrol will be reduced for 1 year since we became a government and when we become a government, in the first 3-4 months there will be a committee to restructure the big structure, the second sector that will be implemented. The downgrade is huge now because we restructured. We are a government that can afford this price for the whole country. People use diesel, gasoline, industrial vehicles and help with the cost of living. Consumer goods will decrease, Mr Mascot said. This concept is also just a proposal. After being presented to the meeting of the party's policy steering committee on February 21, the meeting agreed with the idea. The Deputy Prime Minister, as party leader, has given himself an understanding to the people before the idea is reconsidered. How did Gen. Prawit come to his conclusion?
Prime Minister pleads with Chanthaburi people to uphold "Do it – Do it – Do it" policy |prime minister Promise the people. Chanthaburi province's Laem Sing district will urgently seek solutions to the problem of land erosion by sea water amid shouts to stay as Prime Minister, to which he replied that he wants to stay, must choose and leave Motto3 to do "Do it – do it – continue it" today (February 22, 2023) even though it is not in the itinerary to visit the government inspection site and listen to the problem of erosion in coastal areas. Koh Perid But Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister then held the ceremony at 9.19 a.m. and led the group to pray to the City Pillar Shrine and tied a tri-colored cloth at the City Pillar for auspiciousness. King Taksin the Great prays for victory in all matters and may all enemies perish. Before the Board of Trustees handed over a red bag containing Buddha Khun with a talisman cloth to keep them safe from various dangers, the Prime Minister led the ministers in charge to listen to the resonance. As a result of the problem, thousands of hectares of land have been eroded. By the Prime Minister Promised to find a solution to the problem on the spot Among MPs, politicians and people held up banners and hand-handed out 2-finger mini-hearts shouting "continue prime minister". He said he wanted to stay, he had to choose and leave 3 things to do, namely "Do it - do it and continue to do it", after which he greeted the people who came to welcome him again. By a section of the public mentioned the impression that Gen. Prayuth is the prime minister. The first one to arrive. He said that no prime minister had ever come down to this area in the past before the prime minister again promised to solve these problems. If I continue, I will continue, but if I don't, I will not stay.
"Piyabut-Pitha" hugged the neck of the reconciliation, reiterating that there is still the same "ideology-dream". |"Piyabut-Pitha" hugged his neck after an open conversation with understanding. Identify differences of opinion but have the same ideology - dreams. From the case of Mr. Piyabutr Sangkanokkul Former Secretary-General of New Future Party and Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. Open the debate about the way the party works further. In the recent election battle, Last night (22 Feb 23) Mr. Pitha posted pictures and information, stating that he had discussed the mutual understanding. "I have spoken to Master Piyabutr. Mutual understanding. In political work, of course, there are differences of opinion. It's normal to have different ways of working, but in the end, we both share the same ideals, goals, and dreams, so we will continue our journey together. I apologize to the people for the unease, but I insist that this open dialogue It makes us understand each other better. Learn together and will make the party grow stronger than ever." Read related news "Pitha" to "Piyabutr" quit "hands don't paddle feet moldy" "Rangsimant" Answer the knot "Piyabut-Pitha" serve strong words, but do not contradict them.   
"Rangsimant" to create stories to win media space "Piyabut-Pitha" |Rangsimant, the party's spokesman, went a long way. "Piyabut-Pitha" is not creating stories to demand space in front of the media today (February 23, 2023). Mr. Rangsiman Rome, as the party's spokesperson, stepped forward. Said later. Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. Mr. Piyabutr Sangkanokkul The Progressive Party leaders reconciled after a heated argument broke out on Facebook over an unofficial party banquet last night. After this week will be the last week of the current House of Representatives, Mr. Rangsiman also revealed that Mr. Pitha, Mr. Piyabutr and Mr. Thanathorn were also present at the party. The atmosphere is pleasant. I urge you not to look at the party with political glasses as in the past. The Progressive Party opens up space for people to express their opinions democratically Some opinions have both agreed and disagreed. If they disagree, there may be retaliation, but not to the extent that they will turn people in the party into enemies against each other or divide the party, the spokesman of the far-right party also mentioned. Observations of political fans or people in some political parties whether Mr. Piyabutr's entry into the party constitutes interference with the far-right party. Which may lead to the dissolution of the party or not, that the meeting is just a gathering of acquaintances. And Mr. Piyabutr is unable to interfere in the work of the Step Forward Party, pointing out that Mr. Piyabutr is a political scholar and therefore able to criticize the work of the Step Forward Party. At the same time, it is undeniable that Mr. Piyabutr is a man of knowledge and ability in politics. Law and Constitution Including writing a column in the media, Rangsiman stressed that to interpret allegations of party domination, there must be clear evidence. For example, Mr. Piyabutr has a part in the administration or command of the Progressive Party? Before being assured that there would be no such incident, the party spokesman went a long way. Confirming that the drama that happened was not a story-making. By pointing out that it is too much thinking because no one wants to create stories this way, if you analyze the letters in the posts of both people, you can see that there are really disagreements. At the same time, using harsh words, which in the end, if viewed as a normal human process, believe that it will find a way out, read related news, "Pitha" to "Piyabutr", quit "hands do not paddle", "Rangsimant". Answering the knot, "Piyabut-Pitha" served strong words, but did not contradict "Piyabut-Pitha", hugging the neck to reconcile, reiterating that there is still the same "ideology-dream".   
"Rangsimant" filed "NACC" to blame "Senator" False property filing knot-political favor  |"Rangsimant" submits NACC to investigate "Senator" One. Is it against the rules of political party affiliation? In the case of preparing land and buildings for the benefit of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party or not, which is a serious ethical violation, including asking for an examination of false property accounting today. (23 Feb 2023) Rangsiman Rome, spokesman for the Progressive Party, filed The NACC followed the general debate under Article 152 of the Constitution by requesting that it be examined. Is a senator filing a false property account? Sale Case Allure Rangsiman also asked for an investigation into circumstances that may violate the ethical standards of the Constitutional Court judiciary and those holding positions in independent organizations, including the Governor of the Auditor General and the Administrative Heads of the Constitutional Court and Independent Organizations in 2018. The senator held office. Senators who are government officials. Mr. Rangsiman claimed that he had examined the evidence and found that the senator had changed the owner of 1 Ngan 47.7 sq.w. land belonging to United Power of Asia Public Company Limited since August 4, 2021 and also found that the title deed was transferred from Ms. Phawinee (last name reserved), which was later used as the office of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, according to the attached evidence showing that while the construction of the building was not completed since January 26, 2021, the said construction project belonged to United Company and the land was subsequently transferred to United Co., Ltd. Then, when the building was completed, it was the seat of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. He cited the circumstance that the senator, who owned the land during the completion of the building, had a circumstance to wonder whether the senator was continuously aware that the construction of the office building was carried out in preparation for the headquarters of a political party. Because to this day, no documents have been found for the lease of the said building. The NACC considers that while this senator is serving as a senator whose constitutional duty must not be subordinate or subordinate to any political party. In addition, there are ethical standards of the Constitutional Court judges and those holding positions in independent organizations, which do not do anything that is detrimental to the dignity of their office. Such a senator who has the circumstance of arranging for the acquisition of land, property or any other benefit for the political party to use without lawful cause, this case would be considered as an expression of political party affiliation whose behavior is inconsistent with the democratic system of government with the King as head of state according to the constitution, which is a prohibited characteristic of the qualifications of senators under Article 111 (7), which is an act of violation of Article 113, or an act prohibited under Article 184 or 185. Such senators will be punished with a maximum penalty of 6 months imprisonment, but more than that, they will be removed from office and disqualified from politics. The MPs of the Step Forward Party have attached various documents, including a copy of the title deed of the land where the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party is located, and a copy of the political party information that is still in operation as of August 24, 2022.
"Pitha" Yan Samphan "Piyabutr" is back well, Paddrama creates a buzz|"Pitha" Yan Samphan "Piyabutr" is back well, dispels drama to create a buzz, the release will not happen again, receiving as a problem accumulated for a long time. Clear your mind and be energetic compared to the new future and ready to fight the election today (February 23, 2023). Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. Mention the conflict with Mr. Piyabutr Sangkanokkul. The Secretary-General of the Progressive Faculty said that the main reason was because there was a misunderstanding and that it was a step back to leapfrog and that when the understanding was adjusted, the work could move forward. In the remaining time to fight the election to the fullest, the content of Mr. Piyabutr Posting a message about the rather violent content, how did he clarify with the party members because it clearly reflected Mr. Pitha's character, Mr. Pitha said it was a misunderstanding, but after discussing and understanding each other, the rest was nothing. It can continue to work for most of the content, like Piyabutr's expectations, not matching the work of the Progressive Party. Mr. Pitha said that it was not only about Mr. Piyabutr because when the Future New Party was dissolved, he would not be able to do so. The party executive committee cannot do what they want to do, and there is a law prohibiting political domination, which is not understood and has been adjusted, it is something that has been learned and grown together and will affect the electoral field? Mr. Pitha said that once he and Mr. Piyabutr had reached an understanding, The team saw a picture of last night's energetic understanding, the emergence of a new future spirit returned, which may seem like a conflict or not, what is happening now, time left in time to reassure the public and take this opportunity to thank everyone for being the link. I want to see the solidarity of the party go further. Give the two of us a chance to talk. The person who is connected is the people, whether before posting a message to Mr. Piyabutr felt tired or not. Because people close to him see Mr. Pitha in a negative light, Mr. Pitha said that he is not tired or discouraged because he intends to achieve the same goal by working hard and receiving good feedback. In the end, it will be useful to the work of the Progressive Party. Mr. Pitha said that once the understanding has been adjusted, the lessons learned. What will be different from the past is more intensive work. And if there is any disagreement in the future, they will talk amicably and no longer have to tell through the press or social media. It is a colleague who is seen as creating controversy to get the ratings close to the election period, Mr. Pitha. Insisting that it is impossible for our party to be mature enough to campaign and work, but sometimes when there is no understanding and opportunities for dialogue are small, communication is made through social media. It is more clear, it makes us more powerful and use this power to extend until the election day, and Mr. Piyabutr and Mr. Thanathorn Songrungruangkit will join the field to help the party go far in the campaign? Mr Pitha said it must be seen first because according to the law, he can become a campaign assistant and both are ready to support the party and how to avoid obsessive charges. Mr. Pitha emphasized that this must be made clear by submitting a request to the SAT to be listed as a campaign assistant. Just like in the election of the Governor of Bangkok for the role and influence of the former leader of the New Future Party. Towards the Progressive Party How many? Mr. Pitha admitted that there has been a shared ideology since the founding of the New Future Party. As for management. The selection of candidates, MPs and policies is the power of the executive committee of the Progressive Party, can Piyabutr still criticize the Progressive Party via social media? Mr. Pitha said that as far as criticism is discussed, Debate is commonplace, and he has always been criticized for being an inevitable public figure before the end of the interview. Mr. Pitha smiled and reiterated his relationship with Mr. Piyabutr now 1000%Related News"Rangsimant" "Piyabutr-Pitha""Piyabutr-Pitha" hugging the neck of reconciliation, reiterating that there is still the same "ideology-dream" "Rangsimant". Answer the knot "Piyabut-Pitha" to serve strong words but not contradict "Pitha" to "Piyabutr" quit "hands do not paddle feet moldy"
The forest invasion case "Parina-Kanokwan" just started with a lot of queues.|It's not just MISS PARINA KRAIKUPTE Former Power Pracharath Party MP and Kanokwan Wilawan, former Education Minister, former Proud Thai Party MP 2, a female politician who followed in the footsteps after the Supreme Court ruled on the same charges, namely serious ethical offences. She was disqualified from voting for life and revoked her right to vote for 10 years despite the incident taking place in different areas. Ratchaburi and Mrs. Kanokwan were convicted of trespassing on Khao Yai forest land. Because both individuals are products of the political family big house "Kraikupt" Ratchaburi province and the big family house "Vilawan". Prachinburi province can not deny that the end of the political life of Ms. Parina and Mrs. Kanokwan will inevitably affect the popular vote of the party affiliated. Decided to send Mr. Sihadet Kraikupte as the candidate for Proud Thai Party in District 5. Damnoen Saduak Ban Yai Prachin sent Mr. Amnat Wilawan, a 3-time former Prachinburi MP, and his nephew "Mr. Sunthorn Vilawan", a Song candidate for MP on behalf of the Proud Thai Party. Or the Proud Thai Party may have to share the chair with other parties that are staring, especially at the opposition big name level, and former MPs. It is likely that politicians, former politicians and others involved in forest and land encroachment cases have been subject to the latest information from the Bureau of Natural Resources and Environmental Investigation. Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) He said that in 2023, there are 10 interesting cases and 2 cases involving politicians, namely cases involving prominent MPs and holding political offices. Tha Khanun The area of 41 rai of scrap exceeds the original evidence of 34 rai of scrap by bringing the forest area and land of Thong Pha Phum Cooperative Estate to measure as well as the case of political office holders. Encroachment on the government's teak forest plantations, totaling 49 rai of land. The incident occurred in Kiu Thap Yong Forest Park and National Forest Reserve. Mae Khao Tom Forest - Huai Luk Forest Tha Sud Muang District The remaining 8 cases include land encroachment cases in the National Forest Reserve. Peacock Forest and Ang Hin Forest Land Reform Zone (MPC), Pak Chong District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, which is a test ground for cars and cases of land encroachment in the National Forest Reserve. Peacock Forest and Ang Hin Forest The Land Reform Zone (MPC), Pak Chong District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, which is a golf course and is close to the first case, is related to the Dang family, there are also 4 other cases involving capital groups, such as the issuance of land title deeds by walking surveys in the hill zone and the slope exceeds 35 percent. Phetchabun province, about 300 rai, this case is in the process of reporting the allegations. There is a drunken capital group involved in the case of issuing land title deeds in the area. Krabi Noi Krabi province and certify the boundary line of Khao Phanom Benja Forest National Reserve is the case that the Forest Department has already drawn the line and does not match the map. By drawing a gap in the capital group that is a pharmaceutical company. Went in and issued rights documents in the area and there were government officials involved in the prime minister's case. Cherngtalay Police Department, Phuket Province, with building permits for the La Colin project in the National Forest Reserve. Ruak Forest - Muang Forest Sirinat National Park The case may be dismissed by both local councils. Involved with the Financial Institution Capital Group in the case of land officials in Phuket province, Thalang branch with a total of 16 persons issued land rights documents on Rhino Island, took possession and exploited 6 plots. There is a group of car operators involved in the case of fraudulent issuance of reservation certificates, Ms. Sor 3 Kor and land title deeds over public interest in the area. T.Tha Champa A.Tha Uthen The area is about 3,000 rai. Winch bought the land, took the reservation to issue the title deed and the case of the former governor of Phuket. Issued title deeds for 2 plots of land on Freedom Beach, Karon, Mueang Phuket, Phuket Province. There is a demand for 120 million baht from now on, we have to see if there will be any people waiting in the queue for the right place. The NACC pointed out the cause of the offense. 
 "Chon Nan" reveals that he has not talked to "Somsak" In case of joining the army "For Thailand| "Chon Nan" reveals that he has not talked to "Somsak" In case of moving to join the army "For Thailand", please wait and see. Now the party unveiled exactly where the candidate 400 constituencies have been filled, while the list of MPs is open.  Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Nan MP and Pheu Thai Party leader said in the event of news that Somsak Thepsutin will move to join the Pheu Thai Party, saying that there has not been any discussion on the matter, so let's wait and see before the party is now almost fully launched. 400 districts, everyone goes through a process based on who we declared ourselves first. As for the list of MPs, it is open for those who wish to run in this section to submit their wishes in case there are Red Shirt brothers who used to support the Pheu Thai Party to join other parties. Acknowledging that it has an impact but does not affect and does not significantly affect the acquisition of points, everyone has freedom of choice. If they do not launch with the Pheu Thai Party, they have the right to join other parties, which the Pheu Thai Party respects Dr. Chonnan's decision. He insisted that it was not abandoned even if he did not launch as a candidate. Party MPs can also work together in other areas. Previously, he had just received a request from the People's Justice Committee in 2010 as the Red Shirt People's Brotherhood, which must be reconsidered.
NCPO closes door on Prime Minister's candidacy to propose "Jurin" Alone - "Abhisit" lean ready to help|DEA, close the door. Propose "Abhisit" to sit another candidate "Thesis" Traditionally-standard quote "Jurin" only one person, the KGB has already approved while "Abhisit" Revealed "Jurin" has not contacted to talk to confirm ready to help. Whether to run for MP or not today (February 23, 2023), Abhisit Vejjajiva, former leader of the Democratic Party, spoke about the case of Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit. The leader of the Democratic Party, who will invite the former leader of the party to run for the list of MPs and help campaign, said that Mr. Jurin has not contacted him to talk and it is not a matter to talk through the media because he has to talk in detail, not wanting or not wanting to work in politics because he is a politician. What will be a factor is to come in and do good for the nation, the country and the people. And now still a member of the Democratic Party, past supporting the party and people in the party. Many people who have worked together to benefit the country without any conditions. Abhisit also assessed that this election will be very competitive and intense. Not once. The Democratic Party will get more MPs as the party leaders are confident in? But the strategist executive will have confidence if the Democratic Party sends Abhisit to run for MP and be the prime minister candidate as well. Will it help bring in more votes? Mr. Abhisit said that depending on the analysis today (February 23, 2023), Mr. Niphon Bunyamani, deputy leader of the Democratic Party, confirmed that at last week's meeting of the party's executive committee, a resolution was passed to propose Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit. The leader of the Democratic Party is the party's only prime minister candidate. The Secretary-General of the Democratic Party is the proposer, without anyone objecting or nominating any other person, so it is considered that the party executive committee has already considered the proposal of Sathit Pitutecha, the deputy leader of the Democratic Party, to adopt the name of Abhisit Vejjajiva, the former leader of the Democratic Party, as another candidate for Prime Minister. Mr. Niphon said that if there will be any further proposals, they must go back and see if according to the party bylaws it can be implemented. Because it was considered unanimous in the meeting, and on the day of the meeting, the party executive committee Mr. Sathit did not nominate any additional persons. And in the 2019 election, the party resolved to nominate Abhisit as the sole party leader. Mr. Jurin alone follows the tradition of the Democratic Party and is the same standard, Mr. Niphon still believes that in this election, no matter who is where they are, everyone must help each other. As in the previous election, Abhisit invited Mr. Chuan Leungpai and Mr. Kantam Norm to help fight the election, both of which were candidates for the list.
Prayuth prepares to launch nearly 30 political people to join "Unite Thailand to Build the Nation"|Gen Prayuth is reportedly set to unveil more than 30 political figures from the ruling Thai National Building Party at the end of the month. This February, it is reported that Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha prime minister As Chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee, Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party and the Prime Minister's candidacy will unveil and wear shirts for the past. MPs who resigned from the old party and officially moved to the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, as well as other candidates on February 27, will have MPs who have not resigned from the same party. There are two main ones: those who resign on February 24 and between February 27 and 28, those who resign on February 24 will be unveiled and wear the party shirt on February 27, and those who resign between February 27 and 28 will be unveiled and wear the party shirt on March 1. MPs who resigned before attending the inauguration event with Gen Prayuth on February 27 include: 1. Nakhasai, MP Chai Nat Minister of the Prime Minister's Office1.Mr.Sayan Justice, MP Nakhon Si Thammarat2.Mr.Sastra Sripan Songkhla Congressman3.Mr.Payom Prompetch, Songkhla Congressman4.Lieutenant Colonel Arun Sawasdee Songkhla Congressman5.Mr.Watchara Yaohasan Narathiwat MP 6.Mr. Adilan Ali Ishau, MP for Yala 1. Anuwat MP Chonburi 2.Lt.Col. Thanapat Kittiwongsa MP Chanthaburi 3.Mr.Sompong Sophon MP Rayong 4.Mr.Chaiwat Paopiemsap Chachoengsao MP 5.Mrs.Kulwadee Napomrobdee MP Ratchaburi 6.Miss Pairin Thiensuwan MP Samut Prakan 7.Sombat Amnaka MP Saraburi 8.Sathit Uittrakul MP Phetchaburi 9.Mr Prasit Mahamad MP Bangkok MP 10.Miss Thitipat Chotidecha Chainan1.Mr.Manus Onai MP Phitsanulok 2.Mr.Surachat Sribusakorn MP Phichit 3.Mr.Promise Nilsuphan Nakornsawan MP 1.Lt.Col. Sinthap Kaewpichit Nakhon Pathom MP 2.Miss Rangsima Rodrasami Samut Songkhram MP 3.Miss Wajiraporn Kanchana Surat Thani MP 4. Mrs. Siriwan without enemies List of MPs5.Mr.Jue Ratchasih, MP List6.Mr.Akradej Wongpitakroj, MP for Ratchaburi The Democratic Party MPs will be divided into 2 rounds, on February 27 and March 1, because some of them have personal reasons and therefore resign at the same time for other political parties to be launched. Former Thai National Unity Party MPs from other political parties who will move to launch these 2 lots. There are 28 of them. 
SAT - Tiktok Campaign to disseminate election information 66 to block false news and disinformation  |The SEC secretary insists that the elections be conducted in accordance with the law in the interest of the nation. Don't do it for any one person. Hopefully the election will be accepted and the country's solution. Ready to join TikTok campaign to disseminate information on the election of MPs 2023 today (February 24, 2023), the Office of the SAT by Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the SAT made a brief statement to TikTok. In participating in the campaign to disseminate information about the 2023 election and leading to the prevention of inaccurate content or information or misrepresentation about the election. violating the rights of others, including preventing behavior that may cause hatred and violent extremism. Thank you to the media for publishing the news accurately. Columnist writing is an analysis of news opinions that may not be accurate. At the same time, he pointed out that there are people who try to be media but disseminate information not facts as well. But every presentation will be taken as an insight into the work. Reiterate credible media presentation by operating under the Secretary-General's Media Ethics. SAT confirms work for Thailand Neither zoning nor worried about who would be offended, but rather the importance of acting within the legal framework. The goal is to organize elections that are acceptable to everyone as a solution for the country. The principle of working with integrity, fairness, transparency and accountability when there is a problem, efficiency and participation of the people while reiterating that everyone should know about the election equally. Whether it's the SEC, the candidates or the people, to make elections easier. Not be induced by other motives. Confirmed. The SEC did not devise rules for anyone's benefit. If the rules are not good, it is recommended to go to the law and accept that the election passed caused friction, so it is important to make this election acceptable and the primary vote of the mother will be loosened. But the process remains the same. Therefore, emphasizing that political parties follow suit. The SAT has prepared in all aspects, but the election will be successful and acceptable with the cooperation of the people of the nation, reiterating that the SAT is ready to listen to all opinions and not make decisions on the basis of politics, but on the basis of the law and national interests. The updated election laws, rules, and regulations of the SEC in the hope of effectively disseminating accurate and factual information to the public.
"Pitha" announces environmental policy in the middle of the water to seriously address the problem of global warming| "Pitha" announces the party's environmental policy in the middle of the water Declaration of Global Warming Set a target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to Net Zero by 2050Today, 24 Feb 2023 at Pak Khlong Rangsit Community Pathumthani Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the Progressive Party announced the launch of the "Progressive Thai Environment" policy, which is the seventh of nine policy sets, with the highlight being the establishment of a podium in the middle of the water, inspired by the speech of Tuvalu's foreign minister. During the General Assembly of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP 26), Pitha said it showed that global warming is closer to everyone than it seems, and has a direct impact on people's lives. People in this community said that in the past, it flooded 2-3 months a year, but now it floods 5-6 months a year, or in 2006. The area of repetitive flooding is 10 million hectares. It has now nearly tripled to 27 million hectares, in line with the World Bank's report indicating 2011-2045. Global warming will damage Thailand's agricultural sector by about 3 trillion baht, produce fewer crops such as rice by 13%, it has decreased by 21%, sugarcane has decreased by 35%. Unlike assessments by international organizations, Thailand's response to this issue is critically insufficient, and if the current government policy is followed, the temperature will rise by 4 degrees Celsius. While the efforts of the whole world Want to be below 2 degrees Celsius, the problem of global warming is a threat to the stability of modern times. This is the real enemy of the government, no longer traditional military security. so The Progressive Party wants to declare its war on global warming. There are clear policies that are both reactive and proactive in dealing with impacts that are likely to be exacerbated by inclement weather that proactively addresses the root cause of the problem. To reduce greenhouse gases while creating economic growth in line with environmental protection for the Progressive Party's Thai Environmental Policy Series. We want to take global warming seriously through proactive and reactive policies. A. Proactive: Accelerating greenhouse gas emissions to Net Zero by 2050 Electricity Generation = Free Market Opening Promote clean electricity, energy1. Household photovoltaic liberalization2. Create a free electricity market for the people.3. "Price insurance" Clean energy electricity for households4. "Decommission all coal-fired power plants" by 2035 Agriculture = Prevent burning Convert greenhouse gases into income5. Eliminate burning within 3 years Budget adjustment 3 million baht per district 1,000 sub-district6. Turn burning into money in farmers' pockets Subsidies to grow rice "wet and dry" instead of burning Build a rice straw-corn cob processing industry instead of burning it.7. 1 livestock farm, biogas digester (at least) Convert waste methane into industrial energy = limit industrial emissions8. Set ceiling and open market (Cap & Trade) greenhouse gas emissions by industry 9. PRTR – Open Data Law Force all factories to open data Hazardous toxins and transport greenhouse gas emissions = Optimize transportation 10. Electric buses in all provinces within 7 years11. "Free Transportation Day" campaign to reduce the use of private cars12. Replacing old diesel trains with electricity13. Free car inspection! Once a year14. Control the amount of trucks in urban areas for food waste = Zero Food Waste, 16. Increase the cost of food waste in major department stores, forcing waste separation, collecting data, and accounting for food waste17. Food waste to exchange organic products Encourage communities to make fertilizer from food waste As a coupon to buy organic farming products, 1 kilo of waste can be exchanged for 1 baht for green space = forest for money, increase green space18. Debt relief trees The state pays the farmers arrears as rent in exchange for using the farmers' land to grow perennials.19. Pension tree Growers receive a monthly income of 1,200 baht/rai/month for 20 years.20. Government grants 4,000 baht per rai to farmers over 3 years 21 Community trees subsidize community forestry 4,000 baht/rai/year for 1,000 communities22. Increase green space in the city by increasing local budgets through the policy of all provinces in Thailand. Reactive: Helping people cope with climate change that is already occurring23. Disaster-Flood Response Fund24. Comprehensive alarm covering all localities25. Local authorities have declared disaster zones.26. Review all watershed water management plans27. Evacuation shelters have local standards, powers and budgets.28. Compensation is fair and impromptu.29. Free crop insurance in all areas receiving water in addition to global warming policy The Progressive Party also has environmental policies in other dimensions that will be clarified in detail continuously after this, such as waste management, coastal erosion problems. Wild elephant problem Air pollution problems The problem of light pollution
SAT prepares to count electoral votes Prevent repeat election mistakes 62  |"Sawang", the secretary of the SAT insisted that there will be no mistake in the vote counting. There's a lesson learned. If it goes wrong, the SEC office can't stand. Change the reporting of the results to ETC Report Today (24 February 2023), Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the SEC, spoke about the readiness of the election to report the election results through the ECT Report application, which has improved by almost 100% but changed the process of voting from the previous one. The Standing Committee (MPA) consists of 100,000 officers. After receiving the score data from reporting the results in front of the unit (form MPs 5/18) with the accuracy and the votes will be gradually entered into the system before the media will connect to the system to extract the information to present to the people, it will be slow or fast at the counting of votes in each unit at the same time from 100,000 polling stations nationwide, 600 - 800 voters per unit, ready to ask for sympathy. A unit committee that serves 18 hours to conduct elections from receiving the chest to closing the box to submitting the results. Unofficial results can be reported when there is a score of 95%. The SEC also confirmed the preparation of a plan of countermeasures. In the case of problems where overseas ballots do not arrive in time to be counted at polling stations because there have been lessons learned and believe that such problems will not happen again, such as tracking diplomatic mail bags from disappearing from sight to arrive at the unit before the election day and send them to the unit immediately, Mr. Sawang said. The SAT has already prepared a plan to support the Constitutional Court's decision. Whether or not the counting of "people" includes non-Thai nationals will be decided by the Constitutional Court on March 3 and the timeline for the election is still in accordance with the constitution. At the same time, political parties must allow at least 10 days for the primaries to vote, while the conduct of election polls can still be done but must not be directed or motivated, which professional polls can do, but must not be disclosed within the 7 days before the election and after the closing of the ballot box. Exit polls can be done but must not be disclosed before closing the ballot box for the Ruam Thai Build the Nation petition, handing out shirts and hats.
"Tawan Bam" left Thammasat Hospital to fast in front of the Supreme Court|"Tawan Bam" left Thammasat Hospital to starve in front of the Supreme Court to demand bail for political suspects. Announcement requesting not to receive medical treatment from doctors today (24 February 2023) at 3.40 p.m. Miss Tantawan Tuatulanon or Tawan and Miss Awan Phupong or Bam The two independent political activists left the Yungthong Special Ward. Thammasat Hospital Chalermprakiat After being treated for fasting and water protest. For more than two weeks, Ms. Tantawan and Ms. Orawan lay on a bed being pushed out of the hospital by hospital staff in a special patient room. Head to the Supreme Court immediately. The two were thinned and bruised from needle marks that doctors had administered fluids through their veins, and Ms Sunflower wrote on Facebook: "The two will continue to fast to request that the authorities recognize the rights of the accused and the accused in the criminal case to be released on bail pending the trial. In order to comply with such wishes. Both of me will leave Thammasat Hospital from today and go before the Supreme Court to exercise my right to refuse any treatment that I have not consented to in order to pursue my goals, acknowledging that continuing to do so poses a risk to my life and that the doctor has informed me of all my illness with a full explanation. In front of witnesses are friends and family"Read more: "Tawan - Bam" Not signing for the release of lawyers and families to visit "Tawan-Bam" lawyer Yan "Bam-Tawan" Fasting continues into the 17th day, Thammasat Hospital reveals the latest symptoms "Tawan - Bam"
 Revoke the order of "Khun Natthanonda" in the case of fire truck and boat fraud 429 mil.|Supreme Administrative Court Judge stands to revoke Bangkok order "Khun Nattanon Thaweesin", former permanent secretary Bangkok to indemnify 429 million baht Fraudulent cases of procurement of fire trucks and fire boats Today (24 February 2023) Supreme Administrative Court On Feb. 15, the Supreme Administrative Court issued a ruling. The case of Mrs. Nattanon Thaweesin Former Permanent Secretary of Bangkok Mahanakorn filed a lawsuit to revoke the Bangkok order to pay compensation of Baht 429 million. The case alleged that when he was the Permanent Secretary of Bangkok. Committing an offence of malpractice in relation to the purchase of vehicles and fire boats with disaster relief equipment. This resulted in procurement at an inflated price, causing damage to the government by the Supreme Administrative Court, agreeing with the standing judgment. There is a judgment that allows the litigant to pay compensation. Therefore, the decision of the appeal of the 3rd respondent is also unlawful. The appeal of the 3 respondents was not heard in the Administrative Court of First Instance. The judge revoked the order of the 2nd respondent under the Bangkok Order No. 1036/2557 on the indemnification of the Bangkok Authority dated 21 March 2014 that allowed the complainant to pay compensation to the 1st respondent in the amount of 429 million baht and revoked the order dismissing the appeal of the 3rd respondent as notified in the most urgent letter at NT1801/1205. dated December 19, 2014 with retroactive effect from the date of such order, the Supreme Administrative Court. Given that, when the facts are heard, while Ms. Nattanon is the Permanent Secretary. Bangkok has not resolved that it will be damaged by the procurement of fire trucks and boats. He retired on Oct. 1, 2006, before the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC). will inform Bangkok on November 28, 2008 that the purchase of fire trucks Fire boats are procured at an inflated price. which caused damage to the government as well as Mr. Apirak Kosayothin. Governor of Bangkok succeeded Mr. Samak Sundaravej at that time. Clarify the facts to the Infringement Liability Investigation Committee that Bangkok requested a waiver to request exemption from customs duties and VAT from the Customs Department because it was purchased according to the project that accepted the transfer of the mission. from the Royal Thai Police, which has always been exempt from taxes. Currently, it is in the process of applying for tax exemption approval from the Ministry of Finance. Ms. Nattanon is the Permanent Secretary of Bangkok, so she cannot order an investigation into the matter. Bangkok must bear the burden of paying such taxes. It is not the reason why Bangkok cannot remove fire trucks from Laem Chabang port. And there must be a dispute with the Customs Department in any way, the said act of Ms. Natthanon at that time was not a performance of duties by gross negligence causing damage to Bangkok. Bangkok Order No. 1036/2557 dated March 21, 2014 to Ms. Natthanonda, former Permanent Secretary of Bangkok, to indemnify Bangkok 429 Million Baht is therefore an unlawful order, and The Interior Minister has decided to dismiss the appeal against the order of the Governor of Bangkok of Khun Ying Natthanon in such cases, so it is also unlawfulRead related news Standing judgment "Wife and children" to pay 587 million in the case of the fire boat to reverse the case of "fire truck-boat" After the court ordered the heirs "apply" to pay 587 million  
Democratic Party releases "New Morning" prelude to election battle|The Democratic Party released the song "New Morning" as a prelude to the election battle. All MPs joined the music video for the first time today (25 February 2023). Deputy spokesman for the Democratic Party, Mr. Methi Arun, said that after the release of the new morning song Teaser, it received a lot of attention. The Democratic Party gave the opportunity to use its musical talents in the song "A New Morning." In this music video, the specialty is an invitation. You're invited. Evade. Show off your drumming skills as a prelude to the candidates' morale. MPs of the Democratic Party to prepare for the election battle. Party leader The music video is a reflection of a political institution with a long history of travel, along with a modern image and a policy of income insurance, payment of differences, issuance of title deeds for 1 million plots of land. Within 4 years, local fishermen receive 100,000 baht every year, free school milk for 365 days, under the framework of "Make Money Create people "I want everyone to see that the Democratic Party is ready to move forward, ready to listen to everything, and ready to do something new for the country. Follow the new morning song on the Democratic Party's Facebook and YouTube pagesRead more news Political colors "NHC" to fire the battle drums in the battle - stir up the battle outside "Pitha" Environmental policy statement in the middle of the water Declaration of the real global warming problem "Prayuth" Nearly 30 political people will join the "Unite Thailand to Build the Nation" event.
Colorful politics "NHC" to fire the battle drum in the battle - stir up the fight outside |Signaling combat readiness when the Democratic Party releases a teaser Mr. Chuan Leekpai wore a white shirt to beat the drum and beat the victory amidst the sound of wind and waves. The leader of the Democratic Party wears a white riding suit with a pulsating upbeat music MV. "New Morning" was sung by Mr. Methi Arun, or "Methi Labanoon", the party's deputy spokesperson and future MP candidate for the Democratic Party district in Narathiwat province. The Mother Earth camp also changed the party motto to "Democrat. It is an attempt to adjust the personality and image to boost the morale of the candidates. MPs who will run in the 2023 election because if they let Mr. Jurin Leading the army alone could cause Democrats to lose in many areas, not just the NIDA Poll. At the beginning of the month Last February, Mr. Jurin was listed at number 5 in Nakhon Si Thammarat. Support for Prime Minister and Democrats is the No. 1 party that people are likely to elect as zonal MPs by voting. MPs list system with the Pheu Thai Party, but the blue blood flowed out. Fighting outside with other political parties is a major reason to pull 3 former party leaders. You're invited. Evade. 85-year-old commander Norm and Abhisit Vejajiva The 59-year-old returned to help salvage the situation, but it seems too late that the members of the Democratic Party who waved goodbye to the latest to join the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party have up to 6 members, namely Lt. Col. Sinthap Kaewpichit, Nakhon Pathom MP, Rangsima Rodrasami, Samut Songkhram MP, Wajiraporn Kanchana, Surat Thani MP, Siriwan without enemies. Roster MP Jue Ratchasee and Ratchaburi MP Akaradej Wongpitakroj, despite the sound of the victory drum flick to welcome new members to the party. Professor of Political Science, Sukhothai Thammathiraj University, analyzed that the strategy used to sell is no longer available, or simply "out" is the introduction of antiques. The old one came to sell. There is nothing new, Mr. Yuthaporn said, this election for Democrats will be difficult. The estimate may reach 30 MPs from the South and Bangkok, but other regions are difficult, so he wants the party leaders and the organization to adjust the way they think and manage. After the 2019 election, Abhisit Vejjajiva took an inflexible stance on decision-making. In the end, the person who had to leave the party was Abhisit." If Mr. Jurin does not adjust himself to be accepted by MPs and party members, or restructure the internal administration of the party, and if he leads the election army is defeated, he will not be able to do so. It may suffer the same fate as Abhisit." Mr. Yuthaporn said the drumming of the victory drum to raise the morale of the troops to be energetic during the war. But fighting for victory in the election aren't going to be easy. If the war is still unsettled,
"Go far" to talk to fishermen, reiterate the pressure on fishermen immediately if it is the government|The party advanced to Samut Songkhram province. Talk to fishermen and introduce candidate MP "Pitha" reiterated the pressure on the fishery law immediately if it becomes the government.
Today (25 Feb 2023) Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat and Mr. Worapop Viriyaroj, MP of the Progressive Party. Pushers of the amendment bill The Royal Decree on Fisheries B.E. 2558 (2015) met with fishermen at Maeklong Fisheries Cooperative Co., Ltd. to discuss and exchange fisheries problems and solutions after the House of Assembly passed its first agenda on the draft Fisheries Amendment Act B.E. 2558 (2015). To move forward with this, The bill can be taken into consideration immediately. It helps to solve the problems of people who are fishing professions faster. At the same time, he suggested that the candidate for Samut Songkhram MP District 1 is Anupit LikitamnuaychaiMr. Pitha said that the reason for coming to Samut Songkhram province and continuing to Samut Sakhon is because these 2 provinces are areas where fishermen together account for 10% of the country since the Fisheries Act was issued in 2015. entrepreneur Even citizens who buy seafood products. Today, we want to listen to the problems and impacts that people have received in order to find solutions and insist on pushing the bill immediately. When the party stepped forward as a government after meeting and listening to the problems of the fishermen. Mr. Pitha and his group traveled to Wat Petchsamut Worawihan and Maeklong Market and continued to Don Hoi Lot Fresh Market. To present the party's policy to move forward with vendors who have shops around Don Hoi Lot Welcome and inquire about various policies, especially the elderly premium policy, which will be adjusted to universal welfare 3,000 baht per month. Read more news "For Thai" raises troops north to campaign Chiang Mai-Chiang Rai Democratic Party releases song "New Morning" Prelude to Election Battle
"For Thailand" troops to raise north to campaign Chiang Mai-Chiang Rai  |"Paetongtarn Shinawatra" Leading the Pheu Thai Party campaign to open the speech stage in Chiang Mai-Chiang Rai province without fear of the past Former MPs move party, believing party popularity over individuals today (25 February 2023) Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family for Thailand and Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Pheu Thai Party leader and party leader raised troops north to campaign in Chiang Mai-Chiang Rai province Pheu Thai Party to meet people Merchants at permanent border crossings Chiang Rai province discussed border trade and mobility at permanent border crossing points, with the party's MP candidate also joining the party. In 2019, Pheu Thai lost to its rival by only 200 votes, so this field trip reiterated the party's voting base. To reclaim the victory as the evening opens the speech stage at the stadium. Plong Wittayakom School A.Thoeng Chiang Rai province, which will be able to hold the MP chair because of this constituency. The former MP belonged to the Pheu Thai Party. Mr. Rangsan Wanchaitthanawong, but this time turned his back on the party to run as a candidate on behalf of the Proud Thai Party, against the man of the Pheu Thai Party, Mr. Thoetchart Chaipong, who is the political new face for his political rival in the Chiang Rai election field. This time, there are 8 constituencies, almost all of which are former landlords running and "For Thai" has to compete with "Proud Thai". Miss Paethongtarn about the big speech at Thoeng Chiang Rai province this evening (Feb 25) whether there is any concern because of the former Pheu Thai Party candidate. Moving to another political party, Ms. Paethongtarn said that today she is competing for policy. If elected, they will make these policies for the people, and the representatives, MPs, candidates are ready to push." Move or not move the party, ready to move forward fully", while Dr. Chonnan added that he did not feel daunted because the candidates who were selected if compared to their abilities were not inferior. Meanwhile, the trend in the Thoeng area. People love for Thailand, so most of the votes are based on confidence in the party. The person is the only component. With the proposed policies and what people want to get out of the crisis, we are confident that we will win the case when photographs of documents are published in the hands of Mr. Vishnu Kruangam. Deputy Prime Minister on Feb. 24 that the House of Representatives will be dissolved on March 15, 2023, Ms. Paethongtarn stated that the Pheu Thai Party is ready and ready to do for the people, just like Dr. Chonnan, who said that the Pheu Thai Party has always been ready and does not care when the Parliament will be dissolved because there must be an election for sure, but the document clearly states that the Parliament will be dissolved on March 15, which will coincide with the May 7 election date. Asked by reporters whether the Pheu Thai Party would open the list of candidates for prime minister immediately when the Pheu Thai Party was dissolved, Ms. Paethongtarn replied that the Pheu Thai Party was ready to open as soon as agreed. While Dr. Chon Nan He added that when the Parliament is dissolved, it will go to the consideration of the party's executive committee, but before that, the party has already made all the preparations. As for when it will open, it will consider the appropriate time again. The Pheu Thai Party Secretary-General added that the opening of the list of prime ministerial candidates can be done during the candidacy of MPs, confirming that the Pheu Thai Party now has a list of all 3 prime ministerial candidates. Prelude to the election battle SAT prepares to count the electoral votes Prevent election recurrence 62 "Prayuth" prepares to launch nearly 30 political people to join "Unite Thailand to Build the Nation"
"Gen. Prayuth" announced as Isaan-Korat stage speech |"Gen. Prayuth", as the leader of the Unite Thai Nation Building Party, went to his hometown in Nakhon Ratchasima province to give a big speech and open a new motto. Continue "Today (28 February 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, as chairman of the Political Party's Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO), traveled to Nakhon Ratchasima province with party leader Peeraphan Saliratwiphak. Holding up banners and shouting encouragement, then at 5.06 p.m., Gen. Prayuth arrived at Thao Suranari (Ya Mo) to perform a sacrificial ceremony to pray for blessings and forgiveness for good fortune. After the ceremony, Gen. Prayuth said he wished everyone happiness. Today, he has been holding Ya Mo coins around his neck and praying for the country. Meanwhile, people in Nakhon Ratchasima province gave a lively welcome, including holding up banners in support of several messages, reporters reported during Gen. Prayuth's Yamo sacrifice ceremony. Two men from a dissident group stood live and shouted later. Officers kept the two men from reaching out. Just before 6 p.m., Gen. Prayuth gathered to pay his respects to the national flag and went to the speech stage in front of Nakhon Ratchasima City Hall.Mr. Eknath Promphan, secretary-general of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, took the stage to introduce the candidates of the party in all 132 districts and 20 provinces and asked them to jointly open the door to the Northeast. It was also revealed that on March 1, no less than 40 former MPs will join the party as scheduled. Gen Prayuth took the stage at 6 p.m. to perform a "Pak Thongchai, Declare Victory" ceremony before giving a speech with the slogan "Do it, do it, do it." Gen Prayut changed his party shirt and revealed that in Nakhon Ratchasima province, there were 14 MPs, including 6 from the Power Pracharath Party, 4 from the Pheu Thai Party, 3 from the Proud Thai Party and 1 from the Pattana Party. From For Thai, Ban Yai - Wangsupakitkosol from Proud Thai Party. The last group, Chatpattanaklao led by Mr. Suwat Liptapallop, will also be the party share in this area, with only 1 MP in the 2019 election. Raise troops north to campaign Chiang Mai-Chiang Rai The Democratic Party released "A New Morning." Prelude to the election battle "a long step" to talk to fishermen, reiterating the pressure on the fishing km immediately if it is the government
"Invite" to slit, MPs move party to take advantage - can't get along|"Invite to evade" to believe that the Southern Democrats are not extinct to unfold to pay 200 million to pull the Democrats hoping to sweep the provincial MPs to cut MPs to move the party hoping to become ministers to take advantage - not dating Mr. Chuan to escape Speaker of the House of Representatives and former leader of the Democratic Party gave an exclusive interview on "Weekend News Hour" Thai PBS admitted that it was concerned about the party's popularity, especially in some southern areas, but was confident that it was unlikely to become extinct because the Democratic Party has villagers as an important base who still believe in the integrity of the Democratic Party. Some people came to negotiate for the acting party leader, which was rejected because it was the party's resolution to choose Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit as the party leader. Everyone in the party has to work together. Also, changing horses midway may not be appropriate. So, the only way is to change it. They must wait for the end of their term and choose a new party leader. It is believed that the reason for dissatisfaction with the party leader is not the reason for the change of party affiliation. But the main reason was the fear of losing the election and the negotiations approached him to move the party"I went to see a politician friend who moved the party, visited him at the hospital, he called me, and when you invited me back, I hugged my wife and cried, how can I leave the party, how can I tell you to invite? Separated like you can't be in a relationship. Let everyone know which party is an ad hoc party, which I personally believe has an ad hoc party. When the objectives are achieved, or they fail to meet their objectives, the moderator asks, as an old man of the party, how do you think to stop the conflict and move the party? Mr. Chuan said that for those who will go, they will have to let go, but he understands that some people are older, afraid that if they are in the Democratic Party, they will not be ministers next time. Whoever forms the government joins "There are some conflicts, probably not more, because the people who leave do not hate it, but may not be satisfied with the boss and are approached, this time it must be admitted that the most unprecedented makes it clear that the desire to win must therefore do something that we do not think we will do, but if it is not right, there will be a possibility, believing that what is not righteous is right in any organization, one day there must be a possibility, so I warn the Democrats not to be shaken, please stand up and help the party, I think it will not be the lowest," Mr. Chuan said. Democratic Party releases "New Morning" prelude to election battle
Giving flowers to support "Tawan - Bam" fasting protest into the 39th day|Update "Tawan Bam" fasts for 39th day after removing saline line in front of Supreme Court on 3rd day by teacher S. Sivarak and people Stop by and give bouquets of flowers to cheer you up. Today (26 February 2023) after Miss Tantawan Tuatulanon or Tawan and Miss Orawan Phupong or Bam He stood down to sleep and fast to demand bail for his fellow accused in the protest case, which was the 3rd day of his stay in front of the Supreme Court and the 39th day of the Thai PBS hunger strike. In front of the Supreme Court Sanam Luang Protesters were seen guarding the couple throughout the night, and people who stopped by to bring bouquets of flowers to support the couple for their health, according to a statement on Tawan's Facebook page. The couple had removed the saline line from Thammasat Hospital and now have to sip nutrients from the water to support their lives instead of piercing the saline line because of the risk of infection. In the surrounding area, there are 24-hour peace and order officers for fasting activities against the justice system of Tawan and Bam. He has been starving for the 39th day to demand the temporary release of those accused of political rallies. The demands are to rewrite the Constitution, enact laws to abolish political crimes, and repeal Article 112 to Article 116 of the Criminal Law.Read related news"Tawan Bam" left Thammasat Hospital to fast in front of the Supreme Court "Tawan Bam" Not signed for release 
"For Thai" announced in the middle of the Chiang Rai stage "Pae Thongtarn" as the Prime Minister's candidacy |"Pheu Thai Party" held a big speech in Chiang Rai province announcing "Pae Thongtarn" as the Prime Minister's candidate and launching 8 representatives of the party hoping to sweep the province's MPs today (February 25, 2023). Pheu Thai Party holds big speech at Plong Wittayakom School Stadium A.Thoeng Key leaders participated in the speech, such as Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. Party Leader for Thailand Miss PAETONGTARN SHINAWATRA, Head of Family for Thailand Mr. Jaturon Shinesaeng Pheu Thai Party Strategy Committee member Jaturon Chaisaeng, as well as Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue, director of Families for Thai, and his associates, among tens of thousands of Pheu Thai Party supporters attended Dr. Chonnan's speech. Sri Kaew The Pheu Thai Party leader said at one stage of his speech that he reiterated the slogan "Think big, act for all Thais" before thanking the people of Chiang Rai for listening to the speech. Reinforce that no one took it. And what I want to say is that all Pheu Thai Party members are knowledgeable people. In particular, the 8 candidates from Chiang Rai province are District 1, Lieutenant Colonel Thanarat Jongsudthanamanee (District 2), Piyaratcha Tiyapairaj (District 3), Vikram Tejatheerawat (District 4), Wisaradee Techathirawat (District 5), Thodchart Chaipong (District 6), Laong Tiyapairaj (District 7), and Ittidej (District 7). Kaew Luang District 8 Mr. Pichet Semuang Phan is ready to reiterate that if elected for the Thai Party. Every citizen will have an edible policy. Therefore, I would like everyone to build the future together through good policies before talking about the party's policy that everyone with an ID card will switch to a health insurance policy. One card can be treated anywhere, including troubled border trade during the COVID-19 crisis. will double the revenue recovery. It reads "Choose for Thailand to slide the whole province and land". Miss Paethongtarn took the stage to greet the people of Chiang Rai in the words of the city and said that she was glad to see the people of Chiang Rai again. It was well received and warmly welcomed by Miss Paethongtarn Prasad that Chiang Rai province is another province with potential. The Pheu Thai Party sees that there is still a lot of room for Chiang Rai people to make a living. Chiang Rai is the northernmost province adjacent to both Laos and Myanmar, but there are still problems with arable land due to overlapping forest areas and park areas, making it more difficult for villagers to make a living. Allocate land to those who do not have arable land, solve laws that hinder it, and allocate unused state land for people to have arable land. In addition to addressing the improvement of agricultural prices and solving border trade problems, Ms. Paethongtarn also reiterated the importance of Chiang Rai province and asked them to choose a Pheu Thai party to push forward various policies. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha becomes prime minister again. Therefore, he must choose for Thailand as a whole party to land slide the whole Chiang Rai as well as Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue who asked the people to choose the party for Thailand to slide for Land Slide not to anyone because winning alone is not enough but must win completely. The Pheu Thai Party is scheduled to continue to the walking street. Chiang Rai province to meet the people. Vendors to publicize the policy and reiterate the landslide goal. Before traveling to Chiang Mai province to prepare for the next big speech tomorrow (February 26), related news "For Thailand" Raise troops to the north to campaign for Chiang Mai - Chiang Rai "Gen. Prayuth" announced as a child of Isaan - Korat stage speech "Go far" to the area to talk to fishermen, reiterating the pressure on the fishing km immediately if it is the government.
"Tawan - Bam" Insist on continued fasting. Let's move into the Supreme Court.|Lawyer "Tawan - Bam" Political activists have insisted that they continue to starve to demand bail for the other three political prisoners and to demand that criminal offenders be treated innocent until the verdict. Prepare to enter the Supreme Court today (February 26, 2023) Mr. Kristang Nutajarat Lawyers, Lawyers Center for Human Rights As a lawyer for Tantawan, Tuatulanon or and Orawan Phupong or Bam. Revealing the symptoms of the 2 people, he said that he is currently unable to make a statement on his own due to his unhealthy condition and needs to rest, the lawyer said that today there are 2 topics in the statement. It survives because of nutrients through saline. He has been fasting since January 18, 2023 until now, for a total of 40 days, so doctors from Thammasat Hospital are of the opinion that sunflowers and Bam should be sent. Immediately returned to Thammasat Hospital due to inability to eat normal food and receive less nutrients through saline. Coupled with an unfavorable living environment. The two refused to return to the hospital and continued to starve in front of the Supreme Court according to their intended ideals. After learning that Mr. Thiranai and Mr. Chaiporn, prisoners who were sentenced to 3 years in prison for lese majeste by the Court of First Instance, were not granted temporary release this morning. and Mr. Khatathorn, another inmate who was charged with the same crime. The court is investigating the conditions for granting bail to the lawyers, adding that what the two men did was not only to release their fellow political prisoners, but to demand the correct principle that criminal offenders should be presumed innocent until a final verdict. Prepare to submit a letter of permission to the President of the Supreme Court to fast at the monument. Her Royal Highness. King Rapeepattanasak Department of Royal Ratchaburi Direkrit, which is under the fence of the Supreme Court for the reason that it is an open space, not cluttered by anyone. Restored the Supreme Court area and for traffic convenience, there was a stream of news about unsafe. There have been threatening and harassing calls from unknown people and the point of moving has been a political struggle since the old days, reporters reported that the atmosphere today was with people bringing bouquets of flowers to give and cheer for the 2 people.
"Bhumitham" brushes off news to lead list of party-list MPs to organize army in Hong Kong |"Dharma" A Facebook post claimed to have led to a list of Pheu Thai Party candidates meeting Thaksin in Hong Kong. Confirm recovery from illness. No travel The preparation of the roster is carried out by the Nomination Committee. Today (26 Feb 2023) Facebook Phumtham Wechayachai Phumtham Vejyachai, deputy leader of the Pheu Thai Party, revealed a message from a news outlet that said he had brought a list of potential candidates. The Pheu Thai Party's roster traveled to Hong Kong to await discussions with former Prime Minister Thaksin." There are significant discrepancies and inaccuracies. Therefore, I would like to clarify the facts as follows: Mr. Bhumitham. He said he was unable to travel abroad or upcountry because at the end of 2022, he underwent a kidney transplant and had to recover in a sterile room alone for 45 days. The list of MPs is the responsibility of the Candidate Selection Committee. Party Leader, Party General Secretary and Member of the Party Executive Committee Although he is the deputy leader of the party, he works according to the duties assigned to him by the party leader. The preparation of the list of candidates for the list of MPs will begin the process of the nomination of candidates that must be notified to the branches representing political parties. The party executive committee and its members are the candidates for the list of suitable persons. In accordance with the law accompanying the Constitution on political parties, therefore, learned to know the facts in general, read the relevant news "For Thai". Announcement in the middle of the Chiang Rai stage "Pae Thongtarn" as a candidate for the Prime Minister "Chuan" Kreed. 
"Lawyer Kane" said that the congressional candidate went a long way. Car crash seriously injured |"Lawyer Kane" said that the Phrae MP candidate of the Far Step Party was seriously involved in a car accident. Meanwhile, Rome asks authorities to speed up their investigation to find the guilty. It is unclear whether it is related to politics today (26 February 2023). Rangsiman Rome, spokesman for the Progressive Party, gave an interview to Mr. Tiranon Wiang Tham or Lawyer Kane that the Phrae MP candidate of the party went a long way. He was involved in a car crash in the middle of the night and was seriously injured, saying the party was aware of the matter with great concern. Rangsiman said it was not clear how the accident happened or if there were political issues involved. Therefore, to clarify and to be fair to prospective applicants. He urged the authorities to expedite the investigation to find the accused accountable as soon as possible for Tiranon. Wiang Tham or Lawyer Ken is a native of Phrae who worked as a lawyer in Bangkok for a while. Before returning to his hometown, he was a volunteer lawyer in the Phrae Provincial Court. Helping people with legal problems but low incomes to access legal aid until they were given the title of poor lawyer.
The House debated the postponement of the Missing Persons Act on February 28.|"Invite" to move forward with the House of Assembly to debate the Act to postpone the enforcement of the Missing Persons Act unless a quorum is not complete, it cannot be helped. Accepted before the vote of the House of Assembly, a vote of 1 in 5 can request the Constitutional Court to rule in favor of Article 172, but if the vote does not approve, it will be considered finished today (February 27, 2023). President of the National Assembly Mention the consideration The Act to Amend the Act on the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearances to be considered on February 28 said both opposition parties and the government were opposed to the issuance. Whether the bill is constitutional or not, MPs spent time discussing the matter in the meeting and acknowledged that some parties were concerned about whether it would be submitted to the Constitutional Court to decide whether the bill was contrary to Article 172 of the Constitution. He said the Feb. 28 meeting contained only one agenda item which had to go ahead for consideration, except if a quorum was not reached. If the meeting can be opened, the resolution is voted on and the resolution is not approved, it is considered not passed. This means that the postponement of law enforcement has no effect, and confirms that the consideration The Act cannot be delayed, but only through which members exercise their legal right to submit to the Constitutional Court. The nomination of one-fifth of the number of members of the House of Representatives, if submitted as the Speaker of the House, must be submitted to the Constitutional Court within 3 days, clarifying that the bill was sent to the House on February 23 at 4.15 p.m. The government whip informed that all parties are ready to discuss on February 28 and that quorum must be the responsibility of the government side.
The resolution "went a long way" vote to overturn it. The Missing Persons Act hijacks government MPs to protect the people|"Moving forward" vote overturned Tomorrow (February 28) the government MPs must protect the people. Don't bring down parliament or submit to the Constitutional Court a counterweight to hold Gen Prayuth today (February 27, 2023). Mr. Chaitawat Tulathon The General Secretary of the Progressive Party said: In the event that the House of Representatives will convene to consider the amendment to the Act on the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance of Persons tomorrow (February 28, 2023), he informed the executive committee of the Progressive Party. The vote was overturned. This Act of the Government and opposed the petition to the Constitutional Court to rule that the issuance of Whether the Act is constitutional or not, Mr. Chaithawat said the U.M. Missing Persons Act is a law that both opposition MPs and the government are pushing together with civil society to protect government officials from violating people's rights and bodies while in detention. The Royal Thai Police has confirmed to the council's own KMT that the officers can comply with the law in time. Therefore, it is not possible to listen and clearly without asking the Constitutional Court that this Act was issued unconstitutionally because it is not an emergency and there is no urgent need. The claim that the police are not ready to follow the law despite having 120 days to prepare is actually a reflection of Gen Prayuth's desire to enforce laws that protect people's rights and lives. If tomorrow (Feb. 28) The decree was overturned in parliament, and Gen Prayuth should resign as prime minister immediately. In addition, on the issue that MPs are proposed to nominate to the Speaker of the House to petition the Constitutional Court to rule on the constitutionality of the The Secretary-General of the Progressive Party pointed out that the Progressive Party should not submit to the Constitutional Court because it is already the full power of the House of Representatives to vote that this Act was unconstitutional. Submitting to the Constitutional Court will help kick the counterweight. The illegally issued decree can continue to be enforced, which is not good for the people, and the person who will benefit the most from the Constitutional Court is Gen. Prayuth because he is not politically responsible. If the council votes against it, The government's decree for this reason insists that far-right MPs will not join the petition to the Constitutional Court and demand that Government MPs don't intentionally bring down Parliament tomorrow. He also asked for a resolution to protect the people. Not for protection. Gen Prayuth asked government MPs not to write by hand but minus by foot and should vote against it. It is time to make it clear whether to side with the people or on the side of power-mad leaders and warn them not to bluff by petitioning the Constitutional Court. To exclude the vote in the House because it will show the people clearly that the ruling coalition does not have the courage and integrity to vote for the right thing. But choose to protect. Gen Prayut fears losing the popular vote if he has to vote in favour of the decree. 
"Pornpetch" breaks Senator abstains from listening to campaign speech |"Pornpetch" brakes senators to abstain from attending election speeches, MPs reiterate neutrality Do not claim to vote to elect the Prime Minister to meet "Gen. Prayuth" and order. Senator Standby to Debate Adjournment Act The Missing Persons Act will be released if it goes to court. The senator kept playing sports. Today (27 Feb 2023) Prof. Special Pornpetch Vichitcholchai, President of the Senate, spoke about the consideration. The bill to amend the Prevention and Enforced Disappearance Act that the Senate has already put on the agenda for its meeting on February 28, which will be ready for consideration as soon as the House of Representatives approves it. By demanding Senator, stand by to debate. If the House of Representatives does not approve it, it hears that it will be submitted to the Constitutional Court to interpret it, which will prevent the Senate from considering it. "The legislation must be considered one by one, and if tomorrow it is not approved by MPs, I heard that it will be sent to the Constitutional Court. If you send it to the court, continue playing sports," the president of the Senate said. Let's not assume that the House of Representatives is going down. Don't think about it. The president of the Senate revealed that he had already instructed him not to attend or not to spread political persuasion or cheering for the candidate of the MP. If he sees it, he may understand who the senator is siding with, so he reiterated caution while the senator who lives in Bangkok and its vicinity, which has more than 70 people who have been to the area, must also be careful. At the same time, the President of the Senate is worried about senators domiciled in other provinces, who may have relatives or acquaintances running for election, they must be careful because they may influence people to vote, which as a senator cannot do. In order to help someone campaign for the election of MPs and believe that it would not be a reason to claim that the senator must choose the prime minister, he must follow the speech because the vote can be determined by other factors, it is not necessary to go to see the prime minister.
Launched "Pongsakorn", one of 14 applicants Bangkok New Generation Enters NCPO|NCPO launches 14 candidates for Bangkok "Earth Pongsakorn" The son of former Governor Knight appears wearing a blue shirt with a new generation. Paving the way to become the country's future executive March 6 Candidates for all 33 districts of Bangkok will be unveiled today (February 27, 2023). mr. chalermchai abbasi Secretary-General of the Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon, Deputy Leader of the party, jointly unveiled 14 candidates from Bangkok, all young people from various professions and heirs of politicians, before March 6. The Democratic Party will unveil its candidates for all 33 Bangkok constituencies at the West 2 Sports Building, Thai-Japan-Din Daeng Stadium.Mr. Chalermchai said that the Democratic Party has changed its exposure to the new generation. Took over the Democratic Party's space. Commenting on political opinions, the party will create these new generations to become executives, party leaders and leaders of the country in the future.Mr. Chalermchai said that it is not only Bangkok that has a new generation, that there are more than 100 candidates nationwide, if the people of Bangkok support the new generation of the Democratic Party, they can be confident that the political institution will be a refuge for the people of Bangkok. Believe that everyone has an ideology to work for the people of Bangkok for the prospective candidates that were launched as follows: Read related news Democratic Party releases song "New Morning" Prelude to colorful election battle "NHC" to fire battle drums to fight in - stir up the battle outside 
The NHRC is not impressed with the RTTC announcing a party-like policy. |The NHRC is not impressed with the RTTC announcing a policy similar to that of the "Uttam" party, pointing back 8 years, I know whose work today (February 27, 2023). Naina Girl, Leader of the Power Pracharath Party Answering reporters' questions about the policies announced by the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party on the speech stage. Nakhon Ratchasima province on February 25, which found that there are many policies that overlap with those of the Power Pracharath Party, Mr. Uttam. Clarified that the Pracharath Party is not worried. This particular story. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The leader of the party, who had previously made it clear what is in the interest of the people and the country. The Pracharath Party is happy to support it. They don't want to beat Kakan over trivial matters because the public and the media are well aware of when policies have come into existence. Who took the initiative and pushed it to become concrete, Mr. Uttam said, like the state welfare card policy, just go back and see that this project It was first opened to low-income people for registration in 2016. The person who took control of economic policy for the NCPO government is Mr. Somkid Jatusripitak. He has been Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs since mid-2015, which Gen. Prayuth has assigned to oversee 9 economic and related agencies, namely the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Transport, Ministry of Commerce, Ministry of Science, Ministry of Industry Office of the Board of Directors National Economic and Social Development Commission and the Office of the Board of Investment while himself and Mr. Sonthirat Sonthijirawong also joined the Cabinet to become the Minister in charge of the Ministry of Economic Affairs. Under the supervision of Mr. Somkid, various policies have been rolled out continuously, not just the state welfare card program. Mr. Uttam said that when I served as the head of the Pracharath Power Party through the 2019 elections, all the MPs of the party were willing to nominate him. Gen. Prayuth became prime minister, Somkid and we joined the Ministry of Economic Affairs. Until I resigned from the Cabinet in 2020, while former Energy Minister Sonthirat Sonthijirawong commented that these policies were the initiatives of Somkid, the former Deputy Prime Minister, and them since the NCPO government. Successive to the government after the election, it can be considered as a product of the Pracharath Power Party. The entire State Welfare Card Scheme Allowances for the elderly, including EEC projects such as the EEC project or the Eastern Special Zone Project, came from the ideas of Mr. Somkid and Mr. Uttam presented to the NCPO government to revive the country and continue to push forward on behalf of the Pracharath Party. In addition to reviving investment, it also elevates Thailand's industry and technology to leapfrog Thailand. 4.0Mr. Sonthirat said that as for solving arable land and water management problems, the people know that Gen. Prawit has always been a driving force, as shown through relevant agencies that during Gen. Prawit's time in charge of water works, he has visited more than 79 sites in 55 provinces. Surface water resources have been developed to be able to store more water. Groundwater development for agriculture 1.33 million households benefited from water supplies and agriculture in the run-up to the election. I think that people who think and people who take action will understand and push for real action, the people actually benefit rather than ordering the duties, Mr. Sonthirat concluded, in fact, the Pracharath Party does not think that it will have to respond or contest who owns the policy. Governments are considered to be involved with every policy that is passed. But when society There was suspicion and the media questioned us, and we were ready to sort it out to make it clear.
New blood "pilot-shooter-doctor-sian monk" has arrived.|Despite the old blood flowing out, the "Democratic" Blue Party still has a new congressional candidate out of the box. The new generation, who have been involved in political circles, expressed their desire. I would like to volunteer to fight the election in Bangkok this time to 14 people, starting with Mr. Abhimuk I Tawanich or "Om" is the likely MP candidate for Yannawa-Bang Kho Laem district. Mr. Abhimuk is a lace under the eaves of the Democratic Party. Mr. Somkiat Chantavanich's son, a native of Yannawa, is a three-time former member of the Bangkok Parliament and followed in his father's footsteps into politics in 2005. Mr. Abhimuk has run for MP and has been elected MP for 3 consecutive times and decided to make his first big appearance, volunteering to fight in Yannawa-Bang Kho Laem area. Mr. Teerawit Phumdit or "Wit" Former Thai national team shooter and Campaign shooter Owner of 2 gold medals at the 47th National Games (Sisaket Games) to run for MP in Chatuchak district. Maj. Gen. Vichai Sangprapai is also colorful when 3 former pilots, namely Mr. Panpisut Nuraj (Captain Michael) or "Mac", a former pilot and co-founder of 3 companies, including tourism, restaurants, Thai Inter Aviation Institute, and Thai Inter File Institute. Bueng Kum MP candidate Phubet Abhayawong or "Captain Bet", a commercial pilot pilot, and great-grandson of Mr. Kuang Abhayawong. Founder of the Democratic Party and the first leader of the Democratic Party, ran for MP in Bangsue-Dusit district. Meanwhile, Mr. Wattikorn Hoornsiri or "Captain Pat", a former Ratchathewi district MP candidate of the Ruam Thai United Party, said that it is a potential Saimai district MP candidate. This number includes former businessman Mr. Chakwee Wisutphol or "Jack", former Executive Vice President of Thai Setakij Insurance Public Company Limited or TSI Insurance, which is a family business. Education Faculty of Economics, University of Michigan As the eldest son and grandchild of the family, he had to continue the family business before running for district congressman. Ministry of Digital Economy and Society Launch as if that's the candidate. Suanluang-Prawet District Congressman Mr. Thannithi Chawaratnithichote "Cheng Suphan", Thailand's leading Buddhist monk, is a former Don Mueang MP candidate who used to mingle with politics as a job assistant. "Yi" has been representing Mr. Jittsara in the Don Muang area for a long time. Knowing the problems in the area very well, Pol. Gen. Pongsakorn Khwanmuang or "Erth", the son of Maj. Gen. Knight Kwan Muang. The former governor of Bangkok has been in politics before. When he was a spokesman for Bangkok during his father's time as governor of Bangkok, this time my father was the candidate of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, but my son chose to stay at the camp of Mother Earth. While the Mr. Praprit Chatpraphachai or "Teacher Oui", a lecturer and independent legal scholar, is a potential candidate for Bangkapi district as well as Dr. Polwit Charoenpong or Dr. Nokia. The other 4 female MPs are Ms. Kesakanda Inchua, the candidate for Khlong Sam Wa district. He was a former candidate of the Pracharath Power Party. This time, I wore a blue shirt while Ban Yai Muang Siri. Send Ms. Wanicha Muangsiri to run for election in Bangbon-Nong Khaem area also has Ms. Siripa. Intavichian or "Nan", a former spokesperson for the Democratic Party, one of the members of the New Dem group of the party at that time. He worked as a financial analyst at Kurt Geiger London and managed his family's real estate business, Nakhon Si Thammarat. This time, he was the last MP for Ratchathewi. Ms. Natthida Taufez or "Dada", a Democrat, launched a new congressional candidate in Nong Chok district to win a new MP. How many new blood of the Democratic Party can win seats in Bangkok? 
SAT exam cry "Tricolor" speech citing institutions - Prime Minister believes not intentionally|"Gen. Prayuth" admits to talking to "Tricolor" Be careful about bringing the institution to the polls. After a speech about the institute during the campaign in Nakhon Ratchasima province until it was sung further. SAT on 27 Feb 2023 Mr. Srisuwan Janya, Secretary General, Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association Submit a petition to the Office of the Election Commission (SEC) To request a hearing. In the case of Mr. Tricolor Suwankeeree Did the chairman of the National Building Party (RTTC) lead the institute to vote? After his speech in Nakhon Ratchasima province with reference to the regulations of the SEC prohibiting candidates and political parties from bringing institutions into the campaign. If the outcome of the inquiry falls under the election law. The penalty is 1-10 years imprisonment or a fine of 20,000-200,000 baht or both. The same incident also occurred on March 2. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, as chairman of the Political Party's Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the RTTC Party. He admitted that he had spoken and insisted that Mr. Tricolor did not have bad intentions and reiterated to the members of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party to be careful about leading the institution to campaign for votes, including speeches not to slander rival political parties. If Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn, leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, petitioned SAT to dissolve Thai Unification Party to build the nationRead other news "Gen. Prayuth" announced as Isaan son - Korat stage speech New blood NCPO "pilot - shooter - doctor - Sien Phra" came to complete "Pornpetch" brake Senator abstain from listening to campaign speech 
"Chuvit" counters the Transport Minister hot, has sent evidence of corruption to the "Prime Minister-NACC"|Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit strikes back at Ministry of Transport After a letter requesting documents and evidence of fraud in the Orange Line project with a line to be submitted within 15 days. He said he had submitted evidence to the Prime Minister and the NACC today (February 28, 2023) after the Ministry of Transport issued an urgent letter to former politician Chuvit Kamolvisit, stating that in a press conference and disclosure of information about corruption in the Bang Khun Non-Min Buri (Suwinthawong) Orange Line project of the Mass Transit Authority of Thailand (MRT), especially the issue of the 30 billion baht change project. The letter states that Mr. Chuvit must submit all evidence alleged to the Ministry of Transport within 15 days from the date of receipt of the letter in order to take action against the perpetrators as soon as possible. Mr. Chuvit posted a message on Facebook. He stated that he had sent the document to the Prime Minister through the complaint channel and sent it to The NACC is ready to point out that the Ministry of Transport is "leaking" Read related news "Chuvit" Transport Raid Quote MRT Orange Line Lock Spec "Chuvit" 4 sizes of online gambling unfold New character "Tee Noi hundred million", "Saksiam" is not worried, "Chuvit" to invade the ministry, challenge to find all the evidence. 
Scholars point out. Motto's campaign Yes-Yes-Lose|Political parties gradually communicate Slogans or mottos campaign to create recognition and lead to voting. In the Political Science Scholar's Corner Acknowledging that Motto's decision is important to the people's decision and can be adjusted to win the popular vote at the last minute, the Ruam Thai National Building Party has done it. Do it for the Pheu Thai Party, think big, act as the Proud Thai Party, say and do these are the campaign motto of each political party that wants to communicate to the voters. Political science scholar Loanurak sees it as a communication that influences the voting decisions of Thai people, which may be both a strength and a weakness of political parties, but once the party team assesses the situation, the motto can still be adjusted to solve the game in the final stretch, while the popular vote polls of the prime minister candidates and several political parties have found that in some cases the scores are inconsistent, such as the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's popularity rating higher than the popular vote of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party in many areas on this issue. A.Twisan He said he had to look at the scores of district MPs first because it was an indicator of the chances of forming a government. Enough county congressmen. Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra also does not need to compete to become Prime Minister. I believe that if the people elect a district MP or a party-list MP of any party, the senator must act by listening to the voice of the people as well. If you focus on the Prime Minister first, without the support of MPs, it will be a difficult government to administer.Read more political news: "Chuvit" counters the Transport Minister hot, sends evidence of corruption to the "Prime Minister-NACC" and then the new blood of the NCPO "pilot-shooter-doctor-xianpra" has arrived.
"Rome" presents evidence to police chief to convict "Senator A"|"Rome" submitted evidence to the police chief to convict "Senator A" pointing out that today is the last day of the House of Commons protected by privilege. Officers will be more agile. Leaning non-stop. Preparing to file SEC- SS "Pol. Gen. Damrongsak" leans unsteadily to hand over the 3rd Commissioner Take responsibility for a case similar to Du Hao today (February 28, 2023) Mr. Rangsiman Rome handed over a letter to Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, Police Commissioner, to conduct an investigation into wrongdoing. Senator A-Shape Continuation of non-consensus general discussion pursuant to Section 152Mr. Rangsiman said that he, as a non-voting general debater under Article 152, had discussed issues related to Senator Song A and Thai Black China Tao, both of which are important, and today (February 28) will be the last day in this Parliament. The MPs will no longer be there, so they start by filing a letter with the Police Commissioner as they discuss. There is evidence that he believes is useful in making a case which he thinks is unacceptable. In both the case of Senator Song A and Thai Black China Tao related to the Prime Minister, he prepared documentary evidence. Some that have never been revealed before. It is believed that it will help police officers to perform their duties more flexibly. Therefore, he is aware that today the Police Commissioner clarified the Amendment Act to the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act B.E. 2022 and 2023, so he had to submit a letter to the Police Commissioner to make the police officer's duties better. Office of the Judicial Commission of the Court of Justice (SEC) Because there was a case where the arrest warrant was withdrawn. Senator Song A will also bring the matter directly to the person responsible. The Attorney General further divided into 2 main issues: the grandchild's case; Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, which may be related to the Tu Hao case and Senator Song A's case, said how the authorities would proceed. Because the session is about to end, the privileges that MPs once protected will be gone. All of what they did was hopefully fruitful afterwards. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak said after receiving the letter that he was not silent about the matter. He will expedite the investigation further. Let's understand that in the case of Senator A-shaped, When the case was found to be outside the Kingdom, the Attorney General was proposed, and the Narcotics Suppression Police Commander 3 was assigned to be responsible together with the Attorney General. In a similar manner to the case, Du Hao, as the head of the unit, ordered to monitor the progress. It was found that it was being done and urged to act transparently, expeditiously and supported the investigation and made several recommendations, but the case could not intervene as the Attorney General's duty.
"Immaculate" confident "Fort 700 Card" can actually do it. Deal PT |"immaculate" confirms the card "Fort 700" can actually do it. Spread the budget from tackling inequality. Prepare to launch regional policy PTT political deal in advance waiting for election results to measure but open polarization channel to end conflict Chu "Big Pom", the 30th prime minister, leads the way beyond conflict Today (28 February 2023), Mrs. Narumon Pinyosinwat, Treasurer of the Power Pracharath Party, gave an interview to Thai PBS about the policy of the State Welfare Card or Fort Card 700 policy of the Power Pracharath Party, saying that before the birth of the policy, it was discussed in the meeting and there were many opinions, there were many numbers presented to solve poverty sustainably in 4 dimensions, and 700 baht is a number that the party carefully considers that it can be done. 1,000 baht or higher in the future. Narumol A He stated that he did not want the Democratic Party to There are populist or giveaway policies that only want to be visualized. Long-term sustainable national development policy There are 3 main areas of welfare of the state, the civil economy, and society like pillars of the house, and when the election period there will be competition for policies. You have to tell people exactly what the foundation economy will do. Community enterprises, community economies, what are they that are replenished, such as housing funds or other forms of private view, it is natural that every time an election is held, there is always a policy competition, but it is up to the people to see the possibility of not affecting the long-term fiscal budget. It does not affect tax payments as a long-term national debt burden because ultimately it will not be sustainable for doubts about which part of the budget will be used to implement that policy. Mrs. Narumon said that the budget will be allocated from tackling economic inequality and that only the State Welfare Card will be used to use the money for low-income people. Taking care of the people in all 4 dimensions Policy We have no place to live, no land and no water to the poor. The immediate policy after this is the cost of living, which will help the general public who bear the burden. If energy prices are frozen in ways possible, it will reduce the burden on people. Reduce the cost of living, so there will be a policy on energy measures, currently still discussing the numbers and methods in detail, but waiting for possible numbers does not affect and sustain. Because I don't want to make promises and I can't. Therefore, proposals from many parties must be heard. Worried about the fiscal burden on complex energy prices, Mrs. Narumon added that the party also prepares regional policies that are appropriate to the context of different areas and sectors, so it will issue policies on a northern, central, northeastern, and southern basis and wants to create special economic zones in each region. To draw economic and employment prosperity to each region so that it is not concentrated in the city or only the EEC in the east. And when a special economic zone is formed, there is a civil economic policy that will go in and catch on, Mrs. Narumon said that the readiness of the big policy of the Power Pracharath Party, but other details of the category of presentation in the form of campaign signs to communicate to the people will gradually come out because we have to wait and see in the arena how it will be. The same goes for posing a person. He insisted that he was not worried about people leaving the party, but admitted that 4-5 months ago he was quite worried, but now the party has launched 98-99%. Mrs. Narumon said that the original 12 seats exceeded one-third and this election aims to retain the same seats, which Bangkok looks different from other areas, does not decide on the policy, may decide the candidate or the position of the Pracharath Party, or what the PDP has done with the hope of getting the country out of the trap and out of the political polarity that has been fighting for the past 20 years. This makes people feel that they do not want to fight, so they want to choose a party that does not have a side or a party that is on the people's side. This is the same stance that the party wants to work for the people, does not want to quarrel with anyone, no matter what the election results are, so she took the stance in 2019 again, which is about overcoming conflicts. Open a deal with Pheu Thai or another political party. The outcome is an outsider's prediction that no political party is talking in advance because they have to wait to see the results of all elections and if there is a handshake, there must be a deflection to each other, but the power of the state fights everywhere in every district. Many areas in the Northeast fight with the Pheu Thai Party, so there is no deal as it is certain, but after the election, who gets how much will do what for the people? He reiterated that the party's prime minister candidate is Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan, the only party leader. As for the party that has been criticized for getting fewer seats than in the past, it embraces it. Listen to criticism to analyze yourself because it is useful from what others look at us to see where we need to relax. Therefore, it is not a speech but a suggestion because it can still adapt until the election day, everyone in the party agrees that Gen. Prawit has the strength of his intention to make people when he goes to order. When going to the meeting room, he will tell the people to be the location, do not take who they are if the people benefit, they must do it, not do what the party has an advantage, which is an important feature that will lead the country to eliminate conflict. The personality of the intention is such that Mrs. Narul also believes that if Gen. Prawit becomes the 30th Prime Minister, peace will truly happen, Gen. Prawit himself and the Pracharath Party will not enter into conflict. Everything has a common ground to see politics stagnant, and if it can actually overcome conflict, it will create economic and political stability and the country will walk.
"Chuvit" announces "Falling Proud Thai" with votes to move forward against free marijuana|"Chuvit Kamolvisit" sets up red table for press conference near Government House Cutting down cannabis plants away from youth and announcing the fall of Thai pride with votes to oppose free cannabis today (28 February 2023) Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit set up a red table at a press conference near Government House and conducted activities to cut down cannabis plants away from youth. He stated that the Proud Thai Party had launched a marijuana policy to campaign without paying attention to the Cannabis Act, which should have clear rules governing medical use. Mr. Chuvit also released a campaign clip of Deputy Prime Minister and Health Minister Anutin Charnvirakul earlier with the words, "Let's pee together. You can smoke yourself," he said, reinforcing that the Proud Thai Party wants to make marijuana free so that they can come together, while during the press conference, 3-4 youths dressed in school uniforms read a statement opposing free marijuana, supporting medical marijuana, and symbolically expressing themselves by cutting down the cannabis plants they brought. Mr. Chuvit also claimed that the liberalization of marijuana As a result, youth have easy access to cannabis and do not help Thai farmers earn income. Most marijuana shops are only California-sourced marijuana. No Thai Hemp Finally, the question must be asked: How did the state allow imports to Thailand? Mr. Chuvit also challenged Anutin to reveal the name of the person behind his own scenes and announced that he would travel around the country "because he wanted to bring down the Proud Thai Party with votes. Anyone who agrees with free marijuana voted. Anyone who disagrees doesn't have to vote." 
Analysis: "Big Tu" to go to Korat "No bang" As hoped.|Carrying the team of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's Unite Thai Nation Building Party prime minister As the leader and candidate of the Prime Minister from the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party account, he made his first official speech in front of Nakhon Ratchasima City Hall. On Saturday, even though the number of people attending the stage reached tens of thousands, as Mr. Seksakol Atthawong Advisor to the Prime Minister as a member of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party The goal was to do so, but in some cases it was "not as bang" as expected. As Mr. Twiston Lonanurak, an independent scholar in Nakhon Ratchasima province, commented that there are not many people in Nakhon Ratchasima (Korat) who are interested in actively participating in the event. Because most of them are people outside the city limits of Korat and part of them are people coming from other provinces in the Northeast. Mr. Twistant noted as someone in Korat city limits that the Red Shirt masses were drawn to participate in the opening speech. Regardless of the Red Shirts, it must be admitted that it has now weakened considerably. Who is the main general of the Northeast? Between Mr. Wittaya Kaewparadai, former MP for Nakhon Si Thammarat province and former Health Minister with Mr. Seksakol Atthawong Advisor to the Prime Minister and former Nakhon Ratchasima MP, which is important in the area, is also a symbolic matter of leading the army to fight with another story that Mr. Twistisan said was a mistake of the team. Gen. Prayuth and the strategic committee of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party for this forum is to give Gen Prayuth took a jet instead of a car because he could stop at designated roadside stops to check his reaction and generate popular votes from the people of Korat. As a result, the original schedule of both stopping at Pak Thongchai and Chokchai districts to create excitement and psychological effects on the masses and supporters must also disappear because the word "done" should mean something that has been done that makes people satisfied. There are both satisfied and dissatisfied while the word "doing" but in practice, it appears that leaving so much bad things happening that it has become the subject of criticism, such as the issue of Chinese gray capital. Bureaucratic-police matters are involved in illegal matters. The word "continue" will raise the question of whether to continue in a 2-year or 4-year window because he can only continue in the chair of the Prime Minister for another half term or 2 years. He also said that the Nakhon Ratchasima provincial election field will have as many as 16 constituencies. People in the upcoming elections, as far as checking the news and movements in the province. The main party will compete to be the "champion", but only 2 parties, namely the Power Pracharath Party and the Pheu Thai Party"As for the variables or virtues that may be received in addition to these 2 parties, namely the Progressive Party, which last time received almost 200,000 votes in Korat, this time, although it may not be able to flag the district MPs, but it will definitely get quite a few party-list points, as well as Gen. Seri Pisut Temiewes' Seri Ruam Thai Party, and the Chatpattanaklao Party, it may be a little late for the 2-party union and raise the issue of economic recovery and investment in Korat, which is a very big deal. Mr. Twiston Listen to the views of academics in the area who have an extraordinary complete network. For example, Mr. Twiston would have received more answers from the opening of the first campaign speech in the Northeast of "Big Tu" and uniting Thailand to build the nation, as well as enough to overlook the shot to the future ahead. In the upcoming election battle. 
"Chuan" suggests government-opposition switch polarity|"Invite" to leave a closing quote for the last council meeting. Politics is absolutely nothing. The person who opposes it today may be the government of tomorrow. Reminder to say good today (February 28, 2023) Mr. Chuan Leungpai Speaker of the House of Representatives The chairman of the meeting said before closing the meeting that he hoped that even if we didn't have the opportunity to come back, most of his friends would be able to resume their duties. 
100 MPs filed a motion to postpone the enforcement of the Missing Persons Act|"Invite" to inform the meeting "Niroth" with 100 MPs to submit to the Constitutional Court to interpret the postponement of enforcement Some sections of the Act on "Somsak" The 7-month moratorium does not affect penalties under the law today (February 28, 2023). The President of the House of Representatives presides over the meeting. Informed the meeting that Mr. Niroth Sunthornlekha, Nakhon Sawan MP and Chairman of the Government Whip and his team. Submitted a petition to the Constitutional Court for the enactment of Amendment to the Act on the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance The President shall submit his opinion to the Constitutional Court within 3 days and wait for consideration under Article 173, which stipulates that when not less than one-fifth of the total number of MPs is elected. The president must submit it to the court within 3 days.Mr. Chuan said that after reviewing the petition, 100 MPs have been nominated, which is not less than one-fifth of all members. Therefore, in order to comply with the constitution, the decree must be detained until the Constitutional Court is informed of the decision and request that the session be adjourned and the meeting will be closed with the closing of the session at 1:41 p.m. Mr. Somsak said the Ministry of Justice has been pushing for laws to prevent and suppress torture and enforced disappearances. From 2007 until 25 October 2022 The Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act B.E. 2022 was enacted into law and came into force on February 22. The Act under Section 3 was issued due to 3 reasons: 1) lack of budget and equipment for operation, 2) lack of readiness of personnel, and 3) lack of clarity and standards of operation. Based on these facts, it is considered an urgent case that cannot be avoided. In accordance with Article 172 of the Constitution, it is necessary to prepare this Act consisting of 5 sections, namely, Section 1 named Act. Section 2 Effective Date Section 3 of the Act requires the extension of the time to enforce Articles 22-25 until September 30, 2023 and effective from October 1, 2023. Section 4 The Committee under the Act and the agencies responsible for detaining the detention shall prepare for completion by September 30, 2023, and Section 5 shall be directed by the Minister of Justice. In this Act, if an officer commits an offence under the Act, he shall be prosecuted and punished according to the law. It does not authorize the offense or abstain from punishment. In addition, it is found that various agencies have accelerated preparations and driven operations in order to be able to comply with the Act effectively and for the maximum benefit to the people. Declares "Falling Proud Thai" with votes, moves forward against free marijuana 
Tawan Bam I won't let the doctors at the hospital. Medical Examination Commission|"Tawan - Bam" Refuse to allow the doctor, the police hospital-director to visit and examine the body. After fasting in front of the Supreme Court today (February 28, 2023) Police won the war, along with doctors from the police hospital and the National Human Rights Commission. Prepare to go in and talk to Miss Tantawan, Tuatulanon or Tawan and Miss Orawan Phupong or Bam. They starved in front of the Supreme Court, but the couple recently announced on Facebook. Stated that he did not want government agencies to meet. It's better to bite your tongue if the government comes to the atmosphere in front of the Supreme Court. Stand still. Some shouted encouragement to Sun and Bam. Symbolically express yourself by holding up three fingers. Write encouraging banners and affirm 3 demands: 1) Justice reform must be carried out by taking into account the principles of human rights and freedom 2. End the prosecution of people exercising their right to freedom of expression. Release of political offenders and repeal Article 112 of the Criminal Code  
Analysis: "Big Fort" fireworks new round, reconciliation - overcome conflict|Then the 3rd open letter of "Big Pom" Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The Deputy Prime Minister and the head of the Pracharath Power Party followed not only to explain why they continued on the political path, instead of ending it, returning to a comfortable life because there was no shortage of anything. One reason is that it is impossible to leave behind those who have co-created the Pracharath Party together, the problem and solution of the country in the past that most people care about and target politicians and elite groups or groups whose roles and influence shape the country's progress. It agrees with "stopping democracy" to "reform" or "re-revolution". A coup is not the answer to the country's exit. Even those who seized power through special means formed political parties to fight. But in the end, the authoritarians were defeated by the democrats. We must lead the country forward in a democratic way, and fourth, based on such learning experiences, it is necessary to overcome conflict and move forward towards reconciliation. If the public gives it a chance, it is a clear reflection. After the previous Gen Prawit had previously rejected the strong voice in replying to the motion to leave the debate empty in the House of Commons, saying that it was not related to the past coup, stating that the person who carried out the coup was Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha (who raised his hand and smiled at the story being alluded to). Confirming this opinion, he said that the main reason why this cannot be done is because the authorities refuse to do things like police reform or education reform. He spoke in parliament several times, both in the government, Yingluck Shinawatra reiterated that those who have to do it are the authorities, the government. Gen. Prayuth, but he didn't. It turned out to be a new round of conflict if it were to be done. Authorities must make it clear that they are impartial. Do not create conflict and must not support any side as in the past. When there is a red shirt as a friend. The authorities cheered and attacked the other side. Later, when the other party rises to power. Mr. Wanchai said that the next thing to do is what will cause problems to escalate, such as lawsuits or conflicts from political matters such as protests and arrests of protesters. I don't know what to arrest, imprison, prosecute for, no one benefits politicians, MPs and political parties. We must recognize and cooperate to lead to reconciliation. Reducing conflicts, including senators or senators, if this is the case, is a good and important starting point for reconciliation and overcoming the long-standing conflict in Karakasan.
"Political polls" indicate trends and popularity or guide people.|With the election period approaching, it is not uncommon for political parties to issue policies that resonate with the people. Part of the survey results from the needs of the people or the poll itself, "poll" is a type of research. expectancy The needs or unwants of the people on a particular subject at any given time, the results of the polls or polls will reflect how the people feel about the situation, what they think or what they reflect. That's about polling. It must be a matter that the public is well aware of and the most well-known polls are usually political polls made by educational institutions or organizations with credibility of Mr. Society. Poll Scholar He told Thai PBS Online that there are two types of political polls: open polls and closed polls, which are public opinion polls that need to be explored to gain the most insight and breadth in the subject and present them in the form of an overall picture. Conclusion What the public wants to know is only partially, but for the relationship between variables and variables, it may not reveal "closed polls". There are 2 statuses: Poll employers may not disclose all the information in the poll. Choose to publish only those areas that are of interest to the public to meet their current knowledge and understanding, and polls that do not disclose information at all, where only those hired to conduct the poll will know the results. Most of the people hired to conduct this type of poll are political parties, which is a survey of perceptions and behaviors that will affect the base of the party or the candidate of the MP. Public universities, as well as private companies, conduct a response poll called a "primary poll", which collects information that tells you what politics is interested in right now, how they feel about it, and how the public can perceive it.2. Political parties conduct polls to see their bases to determine which candidate to choose for the election, a poll in which only one party leader can be aware. However, if a political party deems it beneficial to themselves, it will be disseminated to the public, but if it is not negative for themselves, it will not be published.3. Politicians or candidates who want to run for election This type of poll is to tell if they are ready to win the election, or how likely they are to lose or win their votes, and how to fix it. That's why it's a secret for every polling station. If any pollsters are accurate, Demonstrated strong poll base as well as long experience, direct field visits will yield the best samples. Telephone sampling can sometimes be uncontrollable. Because the sampling will only be given to people who have a phone but will not be able to access that area for online questionnaires, it may be dumping is easy to pour information and will result in distorted information and errors in the search for candidates. Political parties conduct polls to find out how popular a person is in that area. Is it appropriate to submit to the election, which is based on the theory of public perception? What is perceived is whether the public knows it or not, and then uses utilization theory by looking at what that person has done for that area. Political parties invite their favorite people to join political parties, and likewise, they must let some people go to other parties in the first phase. Before announcing the Election Act, one must first look at the current that each politician's flow. There is a chance of winning an election to elect these politicians as MPs of political parties, but once the Electoral Act is announced, that candidate does not belong to a political party. Political parties will then search for the next popular candidate for the second term. On the Political Policy Test Each policy that comes out must acknowledge that it is partly based on political polls, but it tells in such a way that the people want what they want and creates that phrase as a hit. Easy to understand that can be explained to the villagers, for example, villagers have public health problems. Political parties use the word 30 baht to cure all diseases, or villagers have fallen in productivity, resulting in income restoration, converting from the needs of the public sector into political phrases leading to party policies when they get the policy and then test that this policy is comparable to others. What policies do people prefer? Political parties will then adapt their policies to meet the needs of the people in the third phase of the Roman Pantu period, which will see a reduction in political giveaways that will interest the public. This part of the marketer will come in if the concept of political sociology has to look at the head of the score. network In order to know the outcome in that area, how many people will choose that candidate. What percentage is undecided and what percentage is undecided? Political sociology designs polls so that the people in the middle choose the candidates of that party. Nowadays, Thai politics is dominated by the science of political marketing, seeing MPs as a kind of product that should be promoted. So what do people want to hear today? Politicians will create words to satisfy the people at that time, when MPs belong to any party, they will adapt to that political party because the MP himself has political support and the opportunity to run for political party. Therefore, we have to respond to the so-called party leaders. The party leaders themselves have negotiations between the heads of political parties. To mix up after the election, which is a matter of political strategy. Political strategy will also determine political issues. Once the political issues have been determined, Politicians embellish their words in line with the discourse of political parties. The poll itself responds to this part of whether the policies of political parties resonate with the people or not, the politicians have a duty to explain the policies to make it simple. Make it heartbreaking. Make it a dialect. Be your own language. Under the political strategy for political parties, polls are conducted from many bureaus, as sometimes the people who are hired to conduct the polls may only say what the political parties want to hear. Political parties must therefore have risk management, Mr. Society said, "Polls are free from politics, but politics is not free from polls. political party Politicians have to adapt, they have to make their own image and create policies that match what people want to hear. I'd like to see the poll go wrong. This is due to several reasons. 1. Last-minute policy changes of political parties Last-minute damage to political parties but the results of the polls have already been published can result in mistakes.2. The poll results are correct, but it is a political game of elections, causing the polls to be erroneous.3. Build a political image. Polls are irrelevant. Polls can only tell the trend, but that's how politics market works. Given that the poll itself is not distorted, but by interpretation and utilization may be distorted. The cause of distortion is the weakness and weakness of the pollsters, which can occur in 4 issues.1. By polling institutions that do not want to talk about a particular subject. Therefore, there will be an order that this poll be prohibited, which is distorted from the topic, will make the matter disappear from public perception. Whether the matter is a matter that society wants to know or is ordered by the executive 2. Wrong sample design, such as asking some sectors and saying that the sample represents the country. Choose only certain areas where there is a sample that loves and favors a particular political party, which will distort the information.3.By explaining Even if the information is distorted, it can be explained creatively by drawing political discourse. Use discourse to change explanations. Select variables that are useful to describe. Choose information science that is useful to political parties in explaining public communications.4. The most obvious are contractors. Sometimes the people who come to the polls do not like the truth and like flattery, so they create a political illusion that they know that there is a lot of current, or "good current, but no voice", they will select a sample of that particular group of people or a group of people who have been recruited, but do not ask the people in that actual area. But if you ask a group of people who didn't show up for the rally, they might disagree, as distorted polls are triggered by so-called sampling. It arises from what is known as description. And most importantly, by the incomprehensible knowledge of the pollsters, but if it is the intention to conduct fake polls from the start, most of them will not. Pollsters have a reputation that needs to be maintained. He said that conducting polls in response to hired people does not have to be reported to the public. Even party members do not need to know such information, but the party leader may use this poll results to explain further by using information science that is useful to the political party to explain, which is not a fake poll, but a deliberate fake to use the poll results for their own benefit. Public Polls There may be some mistakes, but they are caused by unintentional mistakes and caused by the poll base that is not accurate enough. Public polls, academic confirmation databases are quite good. Sampling may be different. Different methods Different questions The background data is not the same, but the final conclusions are almost consistent. Show that it's trustworthy.
"Big Tu" joins "RTSO" to welcome more than 20 MPs|Gen Prayuth took a leave of absence in the morning to join the ruling Thai National Building Party and donned shirts for more than 20 MPs to move into the party today (January 1, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister as Chairman of the Political Party Guidelines and Strategy Committee He took a leave of absence in the morning to work in politics and presided over the merit making ceremony of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party and paid homage to the Brahma Shrine and the Bhumichao Shrine, which is sacred to the party after the merit making ceremony. Gen Prayuth welcomed more than 20 new members and wore the shirts of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, including former Chai Nat MP Anucha Nakasai. Power Pracharath Party, Miss Rangsima Rodrasami, former Samut Songkhram MP Democratic Party, Mr. Win Sutheerachai Former MP of the Progressive Party, Miss Thitipat Chotidecha Chainan, former MP of Bangkok Power Pracharath Party, Mr. Somboon Uthaivienkul Secretary of the Council, Mr. Preecha Haensomboonsuk Former Minister of Natural Resources and Environment In the government of Yingluck Shinawatra, Samphan Lertnuwat Former Minister in the Prime Minister's Office In the government of Gen. Chavalit Yongjaiyuth, Mr. Surachart Sribusakorn Former MP Phichit Pracharath Party, Mr. Promise Nilsuphan Former MP Nakhon Sawan Power Pracharath Party, Mr. Manus On-ai, former MP for Phitsanulok Power Pracharat Party, Sinthap Kaewpichit, former Nakhon Pathom MP of the Democratic Party, Mr. Akradej Wongpitakroj, former MP of the Democratic Party, Mr. Jaruk Srion. Former Chanthaburi MP Thai Local Power Party, Ms. Kawinath Takey, former Chonburi MP Thai Local Power Party, Mr. Supol Julsai, former Chumphon MP United Nations Party of Thailand, Ms. Wajiraporn Kanchana, former MP of Surat Thani Democratic Party, Ms. Pimphattra Wichaikul, former MP Nakhon Si Thammarat Democratic Party Mr. Watchara Yaohasan Former Narathiwat MP Power Pracharath Party, Miss Siriwan No Enemies Former List MP of the Democratic Party, Mr. Jue Ratchasi, Former List MP of the Democratic Party, State District Commissioner Lao Thammatat Former List MP of the Power Party, Mrs. Silampa Lertnuwat Former acting leader of the Thai People's Party, including Mrs. Bunyaporn Chatathanapat, MP of the Ruam Thai Nation Building PartyRead more newsPolitics is uncertain! "Invite" Pointing out that the government-opposition alternates the new blood polarity of the NCPO "pilot-shooter-doctor-xianpra" comes to complete the analysis: "Big Fort", a new round of fireworks, reconciliation - transcending conflict 
"Settha", sitting chairman of the advisory board for Thailand, did not respond as a candidate for the Prime Minister. |The Pheu Thai Party has appointed Settha Thaweesin as the chief advisor to the head of the family for Thailand. Pointing out the Prime Minister's candidacy, let's go step by step today (March 1, 2023). Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Pheu Thai Party leader announces appointment of Settha Thaweesin He is the Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand after the "Family for Thailand Big House" project. It has the power to consult the Head of Family for Thailand and the working group of the party responsible for such projects, and to perform any other tasks assigned by the Head of Family for Thailand from today (March 1) onwards. Therefore, the Pheu Thai Party seeks ways to engage people with Pheu Thai widely, which is considered an innovation in politics because no other party has done it before Dr. Chon Nan. Setha said he was a knowledgeable and capable person and that Setha still has a mission to help the party, which is to serve as a committee to review political policies and strategies, focusing on economic aspects, while it was noted that Settha joined the party so that Thailand could become the party's prime ministerial candidate. Dr Chonnan said it was up to the party to consider which the party would prepare before dissolving parliament and finding a candidate. MPs to complete 400 districts. The Pheu Thai Party's press conference platform changed the backdrop behind the press conference to the slogan "Think big, act for all Thais" on February 28 from the original slogan "For Thailand, for the new life of the people". He said after the Pheu Thai Party announced his appointment as the chief advisor to the head of the Pheu Thai family, he said that he had been a member for several months and had been involved in consultation with the party. Today is a good time, it is time to work more in politics, which depends on whether the party will delegate the work that will lead to the Pheu Thai Party's prime ministerial candidacy. Mr. Settha stated that he did not want to speak at that stage yet, asking for a step-by-step process, which must be respected by the members because there are many adults who are suitable and have been with the party for a long time. He now serves as an advisor to help fill what he thinks will help the nation. prime minister After Settha, who is a businessman, came to help with Pheu Thai Party politics, Settha said the prime minister is mature and he has less experience. If the Prime Minister says anything, he listens, but he does not have an opinion beyond that, read other news"For Thailand" announced in the middle of the Chiang Rai stage, "Pae Thongtarn" as a candidate for the Prime Minister, "Big Tu", joined the merit making "RTSO" to welcome more than 20 MPs to move in, "Narumon" is confident that "Fort 700 Card" can actually do it. Deal PT  
TDRI scholars noted concerns about political parties' socio-economic policies in the 2023 general election.|TDRI scholars noted and expressed concern over the economic and social policies of political parties in the 2023 general election today (March 1, 2023). Dr. Somkiat Tangkitvanich President of Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI) and Dr. Niphon Puapongsakorn Honorary Scholars Thailand Development Research Institute co-authored the article. Noted and concerned about the economic and social policies of political parties in the 2023 general election, he stated that the upcoming election in 2023 is considered a transitional election because it will be the last election according to the 2017 constitution, in which non-elected senators of the people can vote for the prime minister. This election is therefore important in terms of preparations for a return to full democracy and will be an important step in getting democracy firmly settled in Thailand now. Even though the dissolution of Parliament has not yet been announced, we have already seen intense competition for political parties' policies, with political parties continuously announcing their campaigns from almost every group of people. Create jobs and develop infrastructure Table 1 shows the policies of 9 political parties, totaling 87 policies, only with sufficiently clear details as of 20 February 2023. TDRI's research team made several observations and concerns about political party policies. Although there are many policies that are likely to cause problems for the country in the long run, there are many reasons. Create a fiscal burden from spending two overbudgets. It is likely that the money will be spent outside the budget through state-owned enterprises and state-owned specialized financial institutions, which would prevent the use of such funds from going through the budget process and making parliament as the people's representatives unaccountable. The research team estimates that at least two political parties will need to spend more than 2 trillion baht per year on their current budget to implement the announced policies, and if the fiscal costs of the policies of the nine political parties (excluding duplicate policies) are included, a total budget increase of 3.14 trillion baht per year (Table 2) or almost double the budget for 2023. "Ketub" Other political parties' policies announced before, such as the policy to reduce the price of gasoline and diesel, note that most political parties that have announced their policies have not specified where they will source their budgets, such as which taxes will be increased or in what areas the existing budget will be cut (except for one political party that proposes to reduce the size of the armed forces. (while another political party claims that the government will earn more as the economic growth rate continues to rise.) In other words, Political parties have announced policies to campaign with the people, offering welfare and assistance as if they were without any fiscal costs. Most of the policies announced are out. Focus on solving problems or responding to people's immediate needs. It does not truly increase the country's capacity in the long run, i.e. it does not help make workers more skilled. The business sector as well as the agricultural sector have higher productivity. It can survive in competition and the public sector is more efficient. Many of the policies announced may not be practical, as many existing laws will have to be amended, but it does not appear that the political parties that propose such policies have systematically studied the ways to amend the laws, as well as the costs and benefits that will arise beyond the above three concerns. The fourth concern is that if political parties continue to compete for elections in hopes of winning each other, it will create a "dilemma": if a new government is formed after the election, which is likely to be a coalition government. The policy of the coalition political parties has been declared as the government's policy to be implemented. Thailand is likely to face severe fiscal problems and may face a crisis. As happened at the beginning of the government of General Prem Tinsulanonda, many countries around the world, especially Latin American countries, because of the rapid increase in Thailand's public debt, which is at 61 percent of the current GDP, or even without a fiscal crisis, could cause confidence problems for the Thai economy. For example, Britain, which suffered from severe economic confidence last year and forced the Prime Minister to resign, as financial markets perceived the government to be irresponsible in its fiscal policy. If the new government does not adopt the key policies of the coalition political parties as the government's policy, then the government will not be able to do so. People will lose faith in democratic politics because they feel deceived by politicians, which will make it more difficult to settle down democracy in Thailand from such concerns. Therefore, we have the following proposals. We would like to see political parties rethink the policies announced to see how realistic they are, both fiscal and legal, and make them more appropriate before the second election. We would like to see normalization in the election campaign because the existing rules create a policy competition that risks damaging the country as mentioned above. Currently, there are two relevant laws that try to prevent government overspending, namely the Constitutional Assembly Act on Political Parties B.E. 2560 (2017) and the State Fiscal Discipline Act B.E. 2561 (2018). Cost-effectiveness and benefits of policy implementation and impacts and risks in policy implementation However, the law imposes very light penalties in case political parties fail to produce such information. The SAT has only the power to order it to be done right, and if a political party continues to violate, it will pay a fine of not more than 500,000 baht and another 10,000 baht per day until it is properly complied with. This raises questions about the SEC's ability to enforce such laws, while the State Fiscal Discipline Act is designed as a tool to regulate the budget system, expenditures and public debt. The law also has a significant gap: it does not cover the spending of state enterprises and specialized financial institutions operating in accordance with state policy. Use their money to intervene in the price of agricultural products according to government policy. This would allow the government to spend money to implement policies without parliamentary scrutiny, so amendments should be made to bridge the gaps in these two laws by giving political parties the freedom to campaign for policies that would benefit the people. Only budget funds must be spent, they cannot be used outside the budget, and budget funds must not be used in excess of the amount previously proposed. To create accountability in the implementation of government policies to the people. and Parliament, which represents the people in the articles that will follow. The TDRI research team will make specific observations and recommendations for improving the policies of political parties in each area.
"Seri Ruam Thai" Open Policy Reform - Independent Organization|"Gen. Seri Pisut" along with the leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party Open policy Reform SAT - Independent organization Dismantling the qualities of the great gods Prevent remuneration of merit Brew collapse The province has resumed using the MTA mechanism for police to control polling stations today (March 1, 2023). Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes The head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, together with the party leaders, announced the opening of the 1st series of political policies on "Reform of the Election Committee and All Independent Organizations" by Pol. Gen. Seri Pisut. Given that the law is now The SAT is conducive to major political parties, which can be seen from the speech stages. Tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands. But the SAT pretended to be ignorant, just like the National Anti-Corruption Commission bullied others, which the Prime Minister intervened. Therefore, the NACC is an independent organization that has been serving the government since the NCPO era. The SAT is clearly corrupt. Not acting neutrally, contributing to the government. For example, bringing foreigners to calculate the proportion of constituencies for the head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, also opening up information on election fraud in 2019, repairing elections fraud everywhere, including buying votes, transporting people, hiring people to listen. There's a witness crying. Instead, he dismissed the petition, citing insufficient evidence and that the current election saw the shortcomings of the SAT by announcing the 180-day guideline that allows the government to meet people in the event of a disaster. Prohibition of ordination Funeral Weddings, both Thai traditions What the SAT knows in its heart is not honesty and fairness, but a tool of government. Evil that needs to be amended. Central SAT ready to propose dissolution All provincial commissioners because they found it useless and returned to the mechanism of the Ministry of Interior by deploying police to control polling stations to arrest election offenders, said Somchai Srisuthiyakorn, chairman of the Seri Ruam Thai Party's strategic committee. Clarification of the political policy on the reform of independent organizations 4 points: 1. There must be a source to connect the people by changing the nomination process to have representatives of political parties, namely representatives of the coalition government party and 2 opposition parties each, the government side is the Speaker of the House and then choose 1 government party, while the opposition to the leader of the opposition and 1 political party. Defining properties People are past independent organizations, looks like a great deity. Alone, specifically, the designation must come from a senior management position, closing the opportunity for people to come to work, so we get retired senior civil servants, which these people than to go up to senior level. There's lobbying. 3. People can investigate and remove incumbents in independent organizations. 10,000 people can submit their names to the president of the Senate and MPs, not to the NACC as they are today.4. The law must be solved. The process of amending the law must be completed within 1 year from the election and upon completion of the amendment. The former incumbent must retire from office by recruiting a new one immediately. 
"Srisuwan" to sing "Chuan" claims old party MPs gamble in parliament|"Srisuwan" to sing "Invite" tomorrow (February 2) Says there are clips and photos of old party MPs gambling in the council office. hint Male MPs in areas not far from Bangkok slam lawmakers for their own mistakes, how to teach young people today (March 1, 2023) Mr. Srisuwan Janya, Secretary General, Association of Constitutional Protection Organizations Revealed that on March 2 at 10.00 a.m., he will go to complain to Mr. Chuan Leungpai. Speaker of the House of Representatives To ask for an investigation into the ethics of an old congressman and his associates. Gambling on the 5th floor of the Parliament House (House of Representatives' office), Mr. Srisuwan said that there is clear evidence in clips and photographs that can clearly point and confirm the identity of such MPs, which the old party is what party that everyone must already know.
Brawl! "Prayuth" is punishing the media. Who is "Setha"? Country is not a business. |The Prime Minister angered the media after being asked to compare the economic team's form, recalling "Settha Thaweesin", reiterating the word "national economy". It's not an economy or a family-owned business. Today (1 Mar 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister He resigned from government work to preside over the first merit making ceremony of the "Unite Thailand to Build the Nation" party. The atmosphere is "warm and cheerful" because it is not just a merit ceremony or just a welcome for 40 new members, but also a launch. "Uncle Tu" on behalf of the chairman of the party's strategy committee officially during the closing of the room with the prospective candidate. MPs of the party Gen. Prayuth is a full-fledged politician. He announced that he would lead the army to fight the election and would bring everyone back to the House of Assembly, but after a reporter asked about the economic team and compared the team form of Mr. Settha Thaweesin, which the Pheu Thai Party had already announced. This caused Gen. Prayuth to be so angry that he called reporters to listen and reiterated that he also stated that there are many systems and procedures in the work. There must be a board of directors. There are people who are good at economics, finance, banking, commerce, industry, and they all have to talk to each other. When you can't order it or you can't go with the law, you can't go anymore, we have to fix it here, and the next government will have to do this. Do you understand? Stop asking me about the head of the economic team. Gen Prayuth in an interview seemed to be completely different from the atmosphere of leaving his official job to preside over the big merit ceremony of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, especially when he was wearing a shirt to welcome 40 new members and taking photos with the candidates. The party's MPs cheerfully and should be called full politicians. Raise morale and encourage party members As chairman of the strategic committee, it was warm and friendly, at some point, teasing and teasing each other that they would call the Prime Minister for more than 2 and a half years this morning. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Chairman of the first merit making ceremony of the "Unite Thailand to Build the Nation" Party The atmosphere is "warm and cheerful", but after a reporter asked about the economic team and compared the team form of Settha Thaweesin, which the Pheu Thai Party has already announced, it caused Gen. Prayuth to be torn apart. #ThaiPBSnews pic.twitter.com/8wrzNM6V15 
Villagers 2 Sub-district, Nan Province Request to return to the original constituency.|The upcoming elections have been in trouble since the start after the SEC had to submit the matter to the Constitutional Court for interpretation. Regarding the use of the number "People" in calculating MPs and constituencies, villagers in Nan province recently came out to claim their rights in the same constituency after losing the opportunity to develop on March 1, 2023. Villagers from Yom and Chom Phra More than 50 people submitted a letter of objection. Electoral division scheme to include Tyom Chom Phra went to the 3rd constituency with Miss Kanthida Yenjaima. Deputy Director of Nan Boontham Provincial Election Commission Thammasala Kamnan T.Chompra Say that past elections. Villagers have used to vote in District 3 3 times, but lack of supervision from the District 3 MPs, causing both sub-districts to lack development opportunities, so they request to return to vote in District 1 as in 2019. Warm Words Director of Nan Provincial Election Commission Office It also says that the 4th form of zoning follows the guidelines. To close the announcement so that political parties and people can express their opinions. Not less than 10 days, during which the hearing period is still in progress. However, this type of zoning is the format that was elected before 2019.Read more political news: "Political polls" tell the trend - popularity or guide the public TDRI scholars noted - concerns about the economic and social policies of political parties in the 2023 general election.
"Srisuwan" Ethics probe claims congressman gambled in council office|"Srisuwan" Petition the President of the Council Ethics exam MP claims gambling in parliamentary office, targeting long-standing party MP who has only been for a year today (March 2, 2023) Mr. Srisuwan Janya, secretary-general of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization, submitted a letter to Mr. Chuan Leekpai Speaker of the House of Representatives, through Ms. Pongsri Tarapoom The Speaker of the House of Representatives has asked for an investigation into and convicted the long-standing MPs of the party, stating that there was gambling on the 5th floor of the Parliament Building, which is the office of the members of the House of Representatives. Fearless of the law, Mr. Srisuwan said that well-wishers had submitted evidence in clips and photos while MPs were playing cards. In the photo, four people appeared together on January 11, 2023, with a chip device instead of cash, but was able to confirm the identity of one MP who was an MP belonging to an old party near the Bangkok area, a young MP younger than himself and less than a year old. There has always been a history of this type of person. It was found that such action was in violation of the regulations of the Code of Ethics, Chapter 2, Clause 9, Clause 10, Clause 29 and the Gambling Act of 1935, which is an offense against the national criminal offense. It brings dishonor to the members of the House of Representatives. Mr. Chuan, as chairman of the House of Representatives' Ethics Committee, If found guilty, they will be punished because it is considered a big deal that should not appear, adding that more CCTV cameras must be prevented because they have known that gambling has been done since the former Parliament building. But now that there is clear evidence, it is necessary to call for an investigation because they do not want the prestigious parliament to be a gambling gambling house. Who is the media "Settha"? The country is not a business. "Economy" sits as Chief Advisor to Thailand and does not answer as a candidate for Prime Minister. 
Supreme Court postpones verdict of "Thanikan" MP Interchangeable card insertion case|The Supreme Court postponed the reading of the verdict against Thanikarn Pornpongsaroj, an MP from the Power Pracharath Party. Serious breach of ethical standards In case of inserting the card interchangeably. From 2019 to August 3, 2023 today (March 2, 2023) Supreme Court Sanam Luang The court will hear the verdict. The case filed by the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) accused Bangkok MP Thanikan Pornpongsaroj of corruption. Power Pracharath Party Petition for serious breach of ethical standards In the case of inserting the MPs' cards instead of each other in the 1st and 3rd sessions of the House of Assembly in the consideration of the law in 2019, Ms. Thanikan, the objector, filed a request to temporarily dispose of the case until the criminal case is finalized and requested to postpone the hearing for 6 months until the criminal court renders its verdict. Therefore, the Supreme Court is ready to hear the criminal case on August 3, 2023 at 1.30 p.m. However, if the court decides to remove her from office according to the petition, she will be sentenced to life political disqualification and 10 years of voting rights revoked according to the law. The NCC and the penalties according to the ethical standards by this interchangeable card insertion case. As of August 2022 Supreme Court Criminal Division of Holders of Political Positions The verdict was given. Miss Thanikan was sentenced to 1 year in prison and fined 200,000 baht. At that time, the court will read the verdict that Ms. Thanikan had deposited her electronic card with other MPs for her presence and vote on her behalf during the consideration of the Rajruji Medal Bill. In Agenda 1 and Agenda 3, the Court found that Ms. Thanikan's actions were fraudulent and exploitative for herself, knowingly and allowing others to use her position and duties to seek unlawful benefits. By voting on behalf of each other. This is an unlawful act and related regulations. As a result, the House of Representatives of the Thai people, who own the sovereignty and the legislative enactment process, has been damaged.
attorney general Ordered 6 high-profile investigations Burn down the snake plantation.|"Attorney General" Set up a fact-finding committee 5 cases of non-prosecution 6 cases as in the past is the burning of Phuket snake farm Tantai case Arrange gambling and CPK Inter lawsuits, affiliates Mr. Premchai Kannasut Loei Forest Invasion Today (March 2, 2023) Reporter reports that Miss Naree Tantasatien The Attorney General signed the Office of the Attorney General's Order No. 420/2566 on the appointment of a fact-checking working group. News and complaints about non-prosecution orders in criminal cases that are in the public interest and may affect the image of the Office of the Attorney General. 6 cases consisted of by ordering a fact-check. The five cases were based on Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit's complaint letter dated February 14 to the Chairman of the Commission regarding the order not to prosecute criminal cases that were in the public interest. The powers under Section 19 and Section 27 of the Public Prosecuting Organizations and Public Prosecutors Act B.E. 2553 (2010) have appointed the following persons as a fact-checking working group: News and complaints about non-prosecution orders in criminal cases that are in the public interest and may affect the image of the Office of the Attorney General. The composition is as follows: Faculty 1 Case Mr. Kampol Wiratepsuporn and the gang and the Phuket snake farm burning case. Group 2 C.P.K. International Co., Ltd. and Group 3 Cases Mr. Tantai Narongkul and his group 4 in the case of Mavinbet.com Group 5 in the case of 400,000 methamphetamine pills in Nonthaburi province with the authority and duties. The results of the investigation shall be reported together with opinions and suggestions on issues relating to the prosecution and other recommendations as deemed appropriate to the Attorney General for consideration at the first opportunity.  
"For Thailand" campaign for the South East "Korat-Buriram-Surin" 2 Day 5 Stage |"For Thailand" to campaign for the South East "Korat-Buriram-Surin" 2 Day 5 Stage Moving Forward with Landslide Goals  Today (2 Mar 2023) Mr. Nuttawut Saiyakue, director of Families for Thai, said that on March 4-5, 2023, the Pheu Thai Party is preparing to campaign in the Northeast. In 3 southern Northeast provinces, namely Nakhon Ratchasima, Buriram and Surin provinces, on March 4 at 10.00 a.m., the first stage will begin at the 80th Anniversary Sports Building, Pak Thong Chai Municipality. Then they will pay their respects to Thao Suranari Monument before going to the 2nd stage at 2.00 p.m. at the courtyard beside the train station, A.Kong, Nakhon Ratchasima province in the evening at 5.00 p.m. Starting at 11.00 a.m., the speech will be held at the Pheu Thai Party Coordination Center, Prakhonchai District, Buriram Province, before proceeding to the speech stage at Muang Mai IQ Market. Muang Surin The leaders who will participate in this speech are Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. Nan MP and Pheu Thai Party leader Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Engagement and Innovation and Head of Family for Thai, Mr. Prasert Chanthawongthong, Nakhon Ratchasima MP and Secretary-General of Pheu Thai Party Mr. Sutin Arlangsaeng, MP for Mahasarakham and Deputy Leader of the For Thai Party, Mr. Adisorn Piangket Spokesman for the Leader of the Opposition in the House of Representatives Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue, Director of Families for Thailand, along with Mr. Nattawut said that this opportunity will be to announce the policy on the care of arable land, utilities and prices of agricultural crops, as well as convey the process and working ideas of the Pheu Thai Party to enhance the quality of produce and open new marketing channels to help lead the people in creating agricultural crops in line with the needs of the global market. Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha on the launch of Settha Thaweesin As the Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand, he said that everyone knows that the country belongs to all people. Mr. Setha is also recognized in economic and business circles differently. Gen. Prayuth has been in the barracks all along. Instead, he headed the economic team of the Ruam Thai National Building Party. Gen. Prayuth should show more maturity and should be aware of how he grew up in official life, seeing as he grew up in the army and the Burapha Tigers. And for the past 8 years, I don't think Thai people will see Gen. Prayuth is no longer reliant and cannot see a future under his leadership. Because Thailand is not a military camp. The people are not soldiers, the power has a way that is not in line with the needs of the people waiting for them. The Pheu Thai Party will continue to drive policies and move forward with the landslide goal. Mr. Nattawut clarified that because he was on a mission, but after this, he will definitely see Mr. Setha as well. Because Mr. Setha himself has a status recognized by the business community. There is a policy dimension that can be involved, however. He acknowledged that Settha's recognition to the public may take time, but believes that under the teamwork of the Pheu Thai Party, the public will touch and accept Setha as the Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thai.
Examination committee ordered not to prosecute 6 cases as a response from the SSA|Kosolwat Induchanyong, Deputy Spokesperson Answering the Attorney General's Questions Ordered the establishment of a fact-checking working group. 5 faculty in 6 famous cases burned down snake farm Online gambling in the jungle Affirmation isn't about dismantling the case, it's just bringing the truth to light. Expected to be completed within 7 months. When Miss Naree Tantasatien attorney general Sign an order to set up a fact-checking working group. The 6 cases are as follows: The case of Kampol Viriyathepsuporn or "Tu Hao and the Guys" Phuket Snake Farm Burn Case The case of forest encroachment of CPK International Co., Ltd. (Premchai Group Company) Co., Ltd. against them accused of trespassing in Loei province. Of the 6,948 rai, 2 were involved in online gambling money laundering cases, namely the case of Mr. Tantai. Narongkul and his associates (online gambling money laundering) The case of Mr. Mavinbet.com (online gambling money laundering) and the drug case of 400,000 methamphetamine pills in Nonthaburi province. Deputy Spokesperson for the Office of the Attorney General Acknowledging that these cases The prosecutor has decisively declined to press charges, but in the past, those involved and not involved in the case have filed complaints. Therefore, it is seen that it has an impact on the image of the organization. The Attorney General therefore ordered a review and set up a working group to investigate the previous order. To bring the truth to light, the Deputy Attorney General's spokesman said that for all 6 cases, it was not an order to dismantle the case, but rather an assignment to each working group to summon the expression. Gather the facts of how each case was ordered. Is the case ordered by the prosecutor correct, consistent with the evidence, the facts? According to the timeline of each case, which the working group must look at according to the order of lawsuits in each class where the order is issued, every case does not have a time frame. However, the Attorney General has ordered that if any working group calls for documents from the agencies under which the documents are stored for the hearing, the documents must be submitted as soon as possible, and the head of all working groups can provide information on the investigation as it deems appropriate. There is no need to order a new case, Mr. Kosolwat. Confirming that this work is not the prosecutor examining each other and helping each other, the Attorney General's Office has already indicted several officials within the organization in jail. Politicians sue There is no reason to hold anyone, Mr. Kosolwat said. New evidence will lead to a revival of the case, and prosecutors will not be able to figure it out on their own. According to the evidence, a detailed look at the footage shows that he didn't say the snake farm burning case. But the person who opened the clip is unknown. If you really hope for good. Who is the person in the video who spoke can be a personal witness and in what case Mr. Kosolwat said that giving outsiders or witnesses to give some words in each case that it is up to the working group of each set to invite someone to get the truth as much as possible. Once the process is complete, the committee will make a report with recommendations to the Attorney General. The deputy spokesman said it was up to the working group and whoever ordered the rhetoric in good faith but ordered the case and the society did not accept it, there should be suggestions on what to do. If you see that this is honest but the society does not trust it, you have to look back and see why the justice system, if there are people who benefit, they say that it is fair, but if they lose it, they say that it is not fair in all cases, even prison prisoners. In fact, this order should be seen as a number that has already received a response from the Attorney General because it does not ignore cases in which society has doubts. Order a fact-check 5 Famous Cases Burn down the snake plantation. 
Wait for a chance to dissolve Parliament! Before the SEC decides the fate of "Tricolor" survives or falls.|The hasn't gone away. After Mr. Tricolor Suwankeeree Chairman of the National Advisory Committee of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTTC) spoke on the stage of a grand speech in front of City Hall, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. On Feb. 26, 2023, one episode said, "The Buddha said, Gratitude is a quality of good people. We must not forget the gratitude of our ancestors, shall we, brothers? You have to keep this country as good as possible, don't you, brothers and sisters, R.9 said, "Choose good people to rule the country." I personally don't play politics, but I came to help Big Tu (Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha) because I saw that he was a good person. I see no party leader is better than Big Tu. If we want a good government as King Rama IX wants, choose the Pheu Thai Party. When Mr. Srisuwan Janya, Secretary-General of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association Submit a petition to the Election Commission (SEC) He asked for an inquiry and ruling on whether Mr. Tricolor's campaign speech on that day involving the monarchy in connection with the election campaign violated the electoral law. Article 17 of the Election Commission Regulation on Campaign Methods and Prohibited Characteristics In the 2018 House of Representatives election campaign, it is clearly stated that no candidate of a political party or anyone who brings the monarchy into the election campaign is prohibited, and Section 73(5) of the Election of Members of the House of Representatives Act 2018 prohibits any candidate or person from doing anything to motivate voters. Vote for yourself or another candidate by means of misleading the popular vote of the candidate or political party, just like Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn, chairman of the Seri Ruam Thai Party's policy driving strategy. As a former Election Commissioner (SEC) Currently, the Election Commission regulation on campaign methods and prohibited characteristics of campaigning. Article 17 clearly states that candidates are prohibited from bringing the monarchy into their campaigns and tomorrow. (March 3) will bring the matter to the complaint. Since it is currently 180 days before the expiration of the Parliament and this case is guilty of dissolution of the party under Section 92 of the Political Parties Act because it is considered an act that is hostile to democracy, while Mr. Tricolor believes that the regulations of the SAT will apply only when the decree for elections is announced. After the dissolution of Parliament, it is wrong to enforce the rules used for campaign speeches. The SEC must clearly explain the framework and define how much it can get. The SEC must clarify in its regulations what it means to prohibit the use of the monarchy in elections. It has existed from the past to the present. Where the intersection is, you have to keep an eye on where the The SEC is investigating the matter. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Will the Prime Minister, as a member of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, announce the dissolution of Parliament soon? Section 159 of the Election Act punishes MPs with imprisonment of 1-10 years or a fine of 20,000-200,000 baht or both. RTSC and Mr. Tricolor, the owner of the nickname "Three colors. Golden Mountain" with
The Prime Minister ignored the charge of increasing the compensation. SAO hopes for political results  |Despite being observed by political parties. To increase the remuneration of SAO nationwide. To hope for political results through the congressional election field in a month. But the Prime Minister ignored the accusations all day. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister has a mission to inspect the government in 2 provinces in the Northeast. In the morning, he went to Udon Thani province to preside over the opening seminar project "The Role of Local Thailand and Decentralization for Sustainable Progress". More than 5,000 MPs across the country attended the hearing, saying at one point that the government is ready to support decentralization. The government is prepared to adjust the remuneration to the SAO, which has already been signed by the Minister of Interior and will be announced in the Government Gazette on March 6. He also stated that the government is preparing a draft local code to support the upgrading of the SAO to municipalities nationwide in accordance with the international principles of local government, which may have to be referred to as the mayor of the SAO in the afternoon. He also instructed the police to expedite the cleanup of the drug problem, and if government officials are found to be involved, decisive action will be taken. Over the past 2 months, There is a weekly government inspection, which is up to 2-3 days a week, and one day, visiting at least 2 provinces in parallel with the weekend, which is outside official hours, will go to the campaign area and open a big speech stage, which was the latest to Nakhon Ratchasima province, previously to Chumphon province, except yesterday, as a merit making ceremony for the Ruam Thai National Building Party, so he had to leave the government for half a day in the morning and tomorrow (March 3, 2023). The Prime Minister is scheduled to inspect the Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Provincial Government. To inspect the condition of ancient sites in preparation for restoration, including Chao Phraya West Water Management.
Analysis: Deep down "Hyoshu" extinguished the crash engine "Sia Rat"|The opening of the challenge to Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, the leader of the Proud Thai Party, without losing his elbow of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, shook more than the lockdown to smash the Chinese capital Tao because it is undeniable that it will inevitably affect the election battlefield. Despite his older age, he entered politics first, but Anutin's expertise elevated himself on the political road was extraordinary. It can be classified that it can go further than Mr. Chuvit, the truth both of them have known each other for a long time. There is a strong relationship between father and son. As Anutin said, the feud finally happened. After "Hyoshu" Launched an operation to bombard the Orange Line project, where he suffocated evidence of corruption and had a change of up to 30 billion baht. carry Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister Check the House with a well-equipped press conference table in Mr. Chuvit's style before 2 days later. There's been an invasion of the Ministry of Transport. Hand over mouthwash. Minister of Transport Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Before the Ministry of Transport sent a notice back to Mr. Chuvit asking him to send evidence as alleged by him within 15 days of receiving the letter, but Mr. Chuvit refused, claiming that Transport was a suspect himself. That made Mr. Chuvit even more boiling and to expand the effect further. When the staff of the Department of Thai and Alternative Medicine The Ministry of Public Health raided a marijuana bar located in Mr. Chuvit's Davis Hotel, causing the owner to "smoke out his ears" in a live broadcast. He said he was bullied and angry to the point of spitting in front of leaders and those involved in the party. He also announced that he would sack the Proud Thai Party until election day and was ready to burn the rat's nest, leading to Anutin's response. He denied many things, including the claim that Anutin had offered 50 million baht. In order for Mr. Chuvit to help campaign for the Proud Thai Party in Krung Phe, but since Mr. Puttipong Punnakan is already the chief general in Bangkok and announced the termination of the relationship with friends that have been around for 10 years, that's it. He denied many claims, including claims that Anutin had offered 50 million baht. In order for Mr. Chuvit to help campaign for the Proud Thai Party in Krung Phe because Mr. Puttipong Punnakan is already the chief general on the other side. It is undeniable that all of Chuvit's statements have been sent to the Prime Minister. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, as the prime minister's candidate from the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party list, also linked the matter to Mr. Peeraphan Saliratwiphak, secretary-general of the Prime Minister, as the head of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, who received the letter from Mr. Chuvit. The State House is not a place where anyone can easily enter and do anything. Mr. Himalayan Skin Pan Former Army Staff Lt. Col. Himalayan Skin Care In the past Currently one of the team. Gen. Prayuth was the one who led Mr. Chuvit to meet Mr. Peerapan before going on to talk to make it clear that he would benefit from Mr. Chuvit's move because on the one hand, it is an expression of true leadership among conservative political parties in the current government because of another fact. It's been a while since the lockdown unfolded about the gray Chinese capital. Mr. Chuvit is considered a hero in the feelings of many Thais. For daring courage, exposing putrid things that no one dares to do before the consequences are unlikely to be too difficult to predict.
"For Thailand" sets up economic team, pulls "Brahmin" to sit on "Settha" advisor |For Thailand to set up an economic team Pull together professionals "Brahmin" to sit President "Setha" as an advisor and volunteer to recover from the economic crisis Today (3 Mar 2023) Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Pheu Thai Party leader signs order appointing economic committee chaired by Dr. Bramin Lertsurudej and economic experts in various fields, including Pansak Winyarat Former Policy Advisor 3 Prime Minister Mr. Settha Thaveesin Real estate businessman Mr. Supawut Saichue The country's leading economist Mr. Panpree Phahitthanukorn, former Trade Representative and Advisor to the President on Economic and Foreign Affairs, joined as an advisor. In addition, Mr. Kittirat Na Ranong, former Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs, is Vice President Dr. Brahmin Lertsurudej as Chairman of the Economic Committee. Pheu Thai Party said Thailand's economic crisis after the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine war as well as the China-United States economic war. Therefore, it is considered a challenge for political parties to lead the country and people through this crisis to fight in this economic war. To understand the problems, keep up with the situation and the changing situation of the world in all dimensions, it is necessary to brainstorm. Exchange knowledge and experience of international economic and political fields in order to formulate guidelines and solutions to further problems. The invited directors are: Mr. Veterinarian Chai Watcharong. Agricultural scholars who will turn agricultural products into income. Mr. Pongsaran Asavachaisopon Former Head of Macroeconomic Affairs The Bank of Thailand joined forces with various personnel and young politicians of the Pheu Thai Party, such as Chiang Mai MP Julapan Amornwiwat, who has been discussing the government on economic issues continuously, and Chakkrapong Saengmani, a young entrepreneur. Mr. Krisada Tanthettit, MP Nongkhai Pheu Thai Party, former executive of the Federation of Thai Industries and border trade and investment expert Mr. Saran Timsuwan, Loei MP Pheu Thai Party, which has knowledge and expertise in IT and cybercrime. Phoom Rojanasakul, an economic expert, and Mr. Yuksit Srijomkwan, an automotive entrepreneur, will be at the core of the knowledge mobilization. Ability and cooperation to continue to save our economy We will manage the country's economy better if we compare managing the country's economy to managing a company. It must be a company in which all citizens are shareholders. Benefits must be shared with the public thoroughly and equally. It is not to run the country for the benefit of its brothers and sisters. It abandoned the majority of the country's people if the Pheu Thai Party were the government. We will restore Thailand's economy to be stronger again. Because we've done it before. Since the Tom Yum Kung crisis, the major floods, and now the ruins that have occurred will be recovered by the Pheu Thai Party in addition to this committee. The Pheu Thai Party also has other working outfits, whether it is agriculture, energy. Public health, innovation and participation, etc., who are ready to save Thailand together because the Pheu Thai Party "thinks big, pretenses".
The Supreme Court's decision pointed out that the formula for calculating district MPs does not include "non-Thai nationals". |Today (3 Mar 23) The Constitutional Court voted unanimously. Pointing out the calculation of MPs divided into constituencies that each province should have according to by requiring the number of people, the word "people" This does not include non-Thai nationals. Effective from March 3, 2023 onwards and no retroactive effect today (March 3, 2023) From the case of the Office of the Election Commission (SEC) officials Submit a petition to the Constitutional Court Consider the decision under Article 210 paragraph one (2) of the Constitution concerning the duty and power to declare the number of MPs in each constituency and constituency of each province. According to Article 86 of the Constitution, the number of MPs is calculated by taking the total number of people in the country based on the evidence of the civil registration announced by the Central Registry Office on December 31, 2022. Later, they argued and asked to submit the matter to the Constitutional Court for consideration. The Constitutional Court unanimously ruled that the determination of the number of members of the House of Representatives by constituencies that each province must have in accordance with Article 86(1) of the Constitution requires the use of the total number of people in the country as evidenced by the civil registration announced in the last year prior to the election. This does not include non-Thai nationals. The ruling is effective from March 3, 2023 onwards and has no retroactive effect to past elections.
Constitutional Court orders "Saksiam" to stop performing duties Minister of Transport|Constitutional Court orders "Saksiam" to stop performing duties The provisional Transport Minister will take effect today (March 3, 2023) until the Constitutional Court decides. The knot was filed for holding shares in a private company today (March 3, 2023). constitutional court Consider the case of the Speaker of the House of Representatives submitting a request to the Constitutional Court to rule on the constitutionality of Article 2 of the Constitution. 170 Paragraph 3 of paragraph 82 states that the ministership of Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Whether the Transport Minister terminated only under Article 170 paragraph one (5) of the Constitution coupled with Article 187 or not, this petition arose after the members of the House of Representatives. A total of 54 persons submitted a petition to the Chairman of the Council stating that Mr. Saksiam retains the partnership and remains a shareholder and owner of the limited partnership. Buri Charoen Construction indeed. The Constitutional Court, after considering the facts of the petition and supporting documents, unanimously ordered the admission of the petition for consideration and ordered the respondent to submit a statement of amendment to the Constitutional Court within 15 days from the date of receipt of a copy of the petition. The Constitutional Court considered the case for the respondent to cease performing ministerial duties until the Constitutional Court. There will be a ruling under Article 82 of the Constitution, paragraph two, and then see that the facts according to the petition and supporting documents, the petition There are reasonable grounds to suspect that the respondent has the case as requested. Therefore, it unanimously ordered the respondent to cease performing ministerial duties from March 3, 2023 until the Constitutional Court issues a decision to inform the parties and the Prime Minister.
"President" to act Transport Minister after "Saksiam" stopped working |"Saksiam Chidchob" canceled the mission today (March 3, 2023). Immediately after hearing the order, the Constitutional Court ordered him to suspend his duties. Knot holds shares in a private company and disclosed that Mr. Athirat Rattanasett The Transport Minister will take over after the Constitutional Court. Ordered to "Mr. Saksiam Chidchob" Stop performing duties. The provisional Transport Minister will take effect today (March 3, 2023) until the Constitutional Court decides. The knot was filed over the recent shareholding of a private company. Mr. Saksiam He told Thai PBS that he was aware of the Constitutional Court's order to stop performing duties from March 3 until the court's ruling. The initial shareholding of the construction company has cancelled all government inspection missions in Nakhon Nayok and Prachinburi provinces as originally scheduled today. The guidelines for fighting the case will be clarified in accordance with the order of the Constitutional Court. The Deputy Transport Minister will act on behalf of the Constitutional Court related news. Order "Saksiam" to stop performing duties. Minister of Transport
This afternoon. Commissioner of Parliament - Rezoning according to the Supreme Court's ruling.|The S.A.C. is meeting this afternoon. In case of calculation of MPs - Rezoning according to the Constitutional Court ruling It is expected to be approved and announced in the Government Gazette in 1-2 days, with 8 provinces affected. Today (3 Mar 23) Reporters reported that after the Constitutional Court unanimously ruled that the calculation of the number of MPs should be in each province. It is reported that at 1.00 p.m., the SAT will hold a meeting to acknowledge the decision of the Constitutional Court and consider the course of action. Within 1-2 days and the implementation of the new electoral division, about 8 provinces will be affected. The court pointed out that the formula for calculating district MPs does not include "non-Thai nationals".  
Prime Minister visits Ayutthaya area to pay homage to King Naresuan The sword fell on his arm.|"Gen. Prayuth" went to the inspection site in Ayutthaya province. Auruk took victory to pay homage to the pagoda Wat Yai Chai Mongkol. While paying homage to His Majesty King Naresuan, the sword fell from the platform with his arm. Meanwhile, fans held up banners to cheer today (March 3, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister, together with Gen. Anupong Paojinda Minister of Interior Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana Minister in the Prime Minister's Office Mr. Peeraphan Salirathviphak, Secretary-General of the Prime Minister and his team departed from the helicopter field. The 11th Infantry Regiment waited for Bangkhen, Bangkok to the heliport of Ayutthaya Provincial Stadium. T.Phai Ling A.Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya by the Prime Minister came to Wat Yai Chai Mongkol. Worship the President, worship the abbot of Wat Yai Chai Mongkol. Paying homage to the Chaimongkol Pagoda Memorial of the great victory of King Naresuan the Great, which the Prime Minister performed a ceremony to wrap the cloth of the Chai Mongkol Pagoda. Worship the reclining Buddha image and pay homage to King Naresuan the Great For the sake of good fortune by Mr. Niwat Rungsakorn The governor welcomed the people waiting to cheer. Holding banners with messages such as Prime Minister Prayuth fighting, cheering for Prime Minister Lung Tu to be the next Prime Minister, greeting and talking to foreign tourists by asking where they came from, and wishing Thai people proud to have tourists visiting ancient sites, including greeting elderly Japanese tourists and wishing them long life. And it is worth noting that the Prime Minister's right hand is still swollen due to the trigger finger during the worship of King Naresuan the Great, Gen. Prayuth presented the sword, which during the staff lifted the sword stand that was in the sheath for the Prime Minister to offer, it appeared that the sword fell from the platform and landed on the belly of the Prime Minister's arm itself, which was a little shocking. Carry on the culture Thai Traditions What the previous monarch had done. Especially today has been very flattering King Naresuan the Great. You saved the house. Built a city to this day. We must maintain peace. Moving forward towards prosperous, stable and sustainable progress Conflict reduction How many years have you been saving the city when asked how you talked to foreign tourists? The Prime Minister said: "It's appreciated. Thank him and ask if there's a problem. He said no, he's happy. This is what we want to do to make tourism more connected so that he can stay in Ayutthaya province longer. It costs more when asked. The Prime Minister's swollen hands The Prime Minister said, "I'm better, thank you for your concern." The Prime Minister visited the National Museum. Chao Sam Phraya monitored the construction project of the Ayutthaya Gold Wares Exhibition Building and the Ayutthaya Gold Wares and relics exhibition and will travel to Wat Sala Poon Worawihan. Worship the President and worship the Abbot and inspect the condition of ancient sites to prepare for the restoration at Vihara Phra Mongkolbpit and Wat Phra Si Sanphet Ayutthaya Historical Park afterwards. The Prime Minister will visit the area of the Chao Phraya Irrigation System Improvement Project on the west side at Wat Mai Ya Sai, Lat Bua Luang District, where the Prime Minister paid homage to the President and worshiped the abbot of Wat Mai Ya Sai before following up on the implementation of the Chao Phraya West Irrigation System Improvement Project and meeting the people. King Maharaj Mongkolmuni or His Holiness Thongchai, the central primate and assistant abbot of Wat Traimit Wittayaram Worawihan came to sit and wait in the temple of Wat Sala Pun. Luang Por Arm Lai, including the Phra Naga Prok that Gen. Prayut used to build for the temple, which is the birthday of Gen. Prayuth. Gen. Prayuth stayed inside the temple for about 15 minutes, then walked out with Khun Thongchai and stopped in front of the arch of the church wall with the Singha symbol of King Rama 5 resembling the emblem of the Government House.
"Chumphon" believes still love - respect "Chuan" as it was - 200 million good news for MPs |"Chumphon" reveals that the close person "Chuan" to clear the line, believe, still love and respect each other with Mr. Chuan as before. I don't want to comment on whether "Democrats" are possible in this election. Today (3 Mar 2023) Chumpol Kanchana, a former Surat Thani MP of the Democratic Party, gave an interview to Thai PBS about problems within the Democratic Party before moving out. He admitted that in the Democratic Party, there are different divisions. As you know, who still cares and hears from his daughter who is in the party, including in the past, had discussed matters in the party with concern with Mr. Chuan Leungpai. Democratic Party leaders and private individuals will quit politics because they are bored. I don't think I'm moving any party. Mr. Chuan told him to be patient, and when discussing politics, that politics has gone very far, there have been many approaches to contact many parties. There was only money given to gold, and then coincidentally, when he was sick, he invited him to visit and talk about it again. Mr. Chuan went on to say that politics is like this, like bringing 2 stories to the same story, so he mistakenly said that he got money, which confirmed that he did not receive the money, of course, in the Democratic Party, but only give, never received anything from the party. Those who are in government are considered to eat merit from them because in the 2019 election, Abhisit Vejjajiva did his best. Believing that Mr. Chuan had no intention of saying that he but brought the 2 things together to say the same thing, Mr. Chumpol said that he personally had not had the opportunity to talk or call Mr. Chuan. Mr. Chuan asked a close friend to call him, saying that he still loves each other and respects each other as before, he has no such intention and understands the same, Mr. Chumpol reiterated that there is no figure of 200 million baht. In exchange for sweeping an entire province of congressmen. They only help each other because their daughter is at the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, and the identity never has such a history, Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, the Prime Minister, invited him to be a consultant to help the country, not help himself without money. And I personally see that the Prime Minister is an honest person and a good person, so who is an honest leader, he will be there when asked about the problems in the Democratic Party since Abhisit Vejjajiva left as party leader. There was a divisive conflict, a division in the party arose. Mr. Chumpol admitted that it was true that the elders in the party saw it that Abhisit had made decisions too quickly. They did not consult each other, but they understood the decision afterwards in the party, there was a lot of division. Mr. Chuan knows and believes that he has tried, which Mr. Chuan has the principle of However, Mr. Churin Laksanavisit must remain as party leader until the end of his term, Mr. Chumpol also said that in the Democratic Party, he called himself a compromiser with many friends as the chairman. The MPs of the party have no conflict because they are coordinated, but today has gone a long way. The party is good, but the people in the administration are vying for it, and the Democratic Party will be able to move on this election field. Chumpol does not ask for criticism because politics must be careful as the last bend before the election. People who used to love each other, perhaps say wrong things affect each other, but believe that they read it wrong, is that Mr. Chuan still loves and respects himself as usual.
Prime Minister confirms "Saksiam" stopped working, does not affect Cabinet. |prime minister The Constitutional Court ordered "Saksiam" to stop performing his duties without affecting his work. The Cabinet pointed out that there is an investigation process, giving an opportunity to clarify, ready to throw. See the division of constituencies today (March 3, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister discuss Constitutional Court case There is an order for Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. The Transport Minister stopped performing his duties because there was a complaint about the shareholding of Buri Charoen Construction Co., Ltd. that it was a matter for the court and as far as the hearing goes, there must be an investigation process first to give an opportunity to clarify. There is a ruling. Aliens are not counted to calculate the division of electoral districts. The Prime Minister said the Election Commission would have to make many adjustments to affect the election timeline. It is a matter of law and justice, but the original schedule is still in place, so it must remain the same until it changes. If it doesn't change, it's the same. Prime Minister refuses to answer questions about Proud Thai Party There have been many obstacles latelyRelated News : Prime Minister visits Ayutthaya area to pay homage to King Serm Sirimongkol - pay homage to King Naresuan Sword dropped into the arm of the Constitutional Court ordered "Saksiam" to stop performing duties Transport Minister "Athirat" Jo Acting Transport Minister after "Saksiam" stopped working
"Somchai" recommends that the SEC announce the zoning of 69 provinces without being affected first.  |"Somchai" advises the SAT to expedite the election according to the framework Propose to announce 69 districts that are not affected immediately, and then announce another 8 provinces today (March 3, 2023). Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn, former SAT as the person who noted the counting of non-Thai nationals It should be used to calculate the number of MPs that should have each province and the division of constituencies has expressed its opinion afterwards. The Constitutional Court has ruled that only people with Thai nationality must be determined. By suggesting something The SEC must urgently take action to ensure that the elections take place within the legal timeframe or by May 7, Mr. Somchai also suggested that the calculation of the number of MPs be required and the redivision of constituencies throughout the country. It is believed that it will not take long to calculate through the Microsoft Excel system, it will take 5 minutes to complete, and then it will be found that there are 69 provinces that have not changed their constituencies, 8 provinces have affected the number of MPs reduced 4 provinces, namely Tak province and Chiang Mai province. Chiang Rai, Samut Sakhon and 4 provinces, namely Udon Thani, Lopburi, Pattani and Nakhon Si Thammarat. 1. There are 69 provinces that are not affected to announce the abolition of zoning in the Government Gazette immediately. To give political parties time to conduct primaries to vote, and 2. In the 8 affected provinces. Want to give The SEC announced at least 3 new zoning schemes for citizens and political parties to express their opinions from tomorrow (March 4) onwards. At the same time, the hearing time must be reduced from 10 days to 5 days or from the announcement of the hearing on March 4 and then the March 9 hearing concluded. Subsequently, on March 10, proposed. The SEC to vote on zoning schemes in the remaining 8 provinces and announce it on the Government Gazette website on the night of that day and allow political parties to go to the primaries to vote in 8 provinces, it is expected that no later than 5 days the party will complete the process, then if the Prime Minister dissolves parliament on March 15, it is still time and there is time for political parties to take action. Tell the Prime Minister to wait. Before deciding to dissolve Parliament, Mr. Somchai said his personal opinion was that the appropriate date for dissolving Parliament was March 22 and the proper election date should be May 21, which he considered the best choice.
Compare the form of the Prime Minister's candidacy "Ung Ing - Big Tu - Big Pom" through the eyes. "Young Chan City"|Read the nominee style "Oung-ing-Bigtu-Big Pom" If he becomes prime minister and dismisses the policy of competing "numbers", wages - welfare cards of the state. "Why did you choose a coup?" is a question to ask. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha If interviewed with the question of "Young Muang Chan" or Sarakol Adulyanon, we choose a question if there is an opportunity to sit down for an interview. Gen. Prayuth, this conversation is just an introduction to the issue that we have made an appointment with "Pee Tum", the owner of the pen name "Young Muang Chan". The owner of the column "Fast Food Business" that has been with society for more than 30 years, this is enough to reflect the personality of "Pee Tum" under the sociable, but informative and intensive answer. "Brother" Choose the prime minister's candidacy that he thinks will be the prime minister "3 names", the first name he chooses "Ung-ing" Paethongtarn Shinawatra, Pheu Thai Party, whom he considers to be "my son". We have to wait and see the result of choosing the second name, "Gen. Prayuth," who he believes will be Gen. Prayuth that is completely different from 8 years ago. A "decisive" leadership style may no longer be possible if he becomes prime minister. But whoever it is, he believes that their style will be "compromised", a neutral stance that is ready to coordinate all parties, the second half is questioning the "bluffing" with the numbers of party policies ranging from 600 baht wage, 700 baht welfare card and 1,000 baht welfare card, which he sees as political "marketing". Don't think that these numbers don't influence your decision. Although it is a different story, but the numbers help, we finally asked him as a "father" who sees the gap between "the previous generation" and the "new generation", especially the ideas in the political space, where the election of '62, we saw that there is enough gap between decision-making, and this time, "Pee Tum" sees it will be more intense than before, we invite Thai PBS fans to follow the interview that is friendly but intense, with the full content with "Young Muang Chan" in Respond to Online through all online channels of Thai PBS, read other news, scholars pointed out. Motto's campaign There can be - there is a waste of "political polls" to tell the trend - popularity or guide the people to quarrel! "Prayuth" punishes the media Who is "Setha"? Country is not a business. 
The SAT recalculated the zoning process. Found 8 provinces, MPs increase - decrease  |Office of the Commissioner of Civil Affairs re-zoning 8 provinces with changes, 4 provinces with fewer MPs and 4 provinces with more MPs The average number of people per MP stood at 162,766 today (March 3, 2023). Reporters reported that after the Constitutional Court's decision, Regarding the non-Thai nationals in the calculation of the number of MPs to be in each province and the division of constituencies. The SAT has recalculated the number of people. It was found that there were 162,766 people per MP, the new constituency division will make 8 provinces change, namely 4 provinces with a reduced number of MPs. 1. Tak, 2. Chiang Rai, 3. Chiang Mai, and 4. Samut Sakhon The provinces where the number of MPs increased were 1.Udon Thani, 2.Lopburi, 3.Nakhon Si Thammarat, and 4.Pattani.
"Pravit" Open the market to travel Paknam city, the big house "Aswame" welcome|"Pravit" Open the Paknam tourism market, Ban Yai "Asawame" to welcome the people and campaign for the election of the NHRC today (March 3, 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the Power Pracharath Party presided. The event was attended by Mr. Supamit Chinsri, Governor of Samut Prakan Province, Ms. Nanthida Kaewbuasai President of Samut Prakan Provincial Administration Organization and Mrs. Prapaporn Aswame Mayor of Samut Prakan Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame Kamnan village chiefs, community leaders, including Mr. Sunthorn Pansangthong Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives and Samut Prakan MP Present and prospective candidates Pracharath MP Mr. Jaturon Nokkamin, Mr. Thapakorn Kulcharoen, Mr. Akarawat Aswame, Mr. Krungsriwilai Mr. Sutin Phueak, Ms. Parim Poolcharoen, Mr. Saen Banyaem, Mr. Yongyut Suwannabutr, Mr. Torsak Aswame and Mr. Woraporn Aswahempol Prawit said on the stage that they were very pleased to preside over the opening of the event. sibling At the tourism market, the fishery produce distribution center and the Economic Development Promotion Center, Samut Prakan Province, I would like to leave the Pracharath Party in the hearts of everyone. Chiefs and government officials after the opening ceremony. Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame Samut Prakan Progressive Group leaders drove the golf cart of Samut Prakan Progressive Group. Gen. Prawit is sitting on his right. Mr. Santi and Mr. Sunthorn sat in the back, moving to meet the people who held up welcome signs before leaving. Gen Prawit declined to be interviewed, specifically about his confidence. MPs raised Samut Prakan province? Gen Prawit reportedly took a half-day leave in the afternoon.
"Chuvit" cut the cake to open the corruption movement, he masted - smashed the orange train. |"Chuvit" unfolds 12 Proud Thai projects, cutting cakes to expose land corruption movement in Khao Kra Maw, Buriram province Smashed the Orange Line from someone close to the minister. Today (3 Mar 2023) Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit came with a cake made as a symbol. Khao Kra Mast land in Buriram province 5,083 rai and made a gesture to slide the land as a reflection of the group of people who occupied the divided possession by the Chidchob family, which the Supreme Court has already ruled for the railway to win the case. Transport Minister at the Constitutional Court He was recently ordered to stop performing his duties as a presumption. Mr. Chuvit has revealed information related to Mr. Sakd Siam while performing duties related to several projects of the Orange Line train smashing project. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister said he was afraid of the Proud Thai Party because he wanted to stay in office and the Proud Thai Party was the base of his vote. He also asked the Prime Minister if he wanted this or did not want the country to prosper or not, so these people took over the position of managing the country. Read related news Constitutional Court Order "Saksiam" to stop performing duties. Transport Minister for the bidding for the construction of the Orange Line Mr. Chuvit also mentioned that the companies that bid must have 3 properties, namely 1 rail system, 2 tunnels, 3 stations. Ch. Karnchang offers over 90,000 million baht.  BTS offers 9,700 million baht The median price is 90,000 thousand, causing Ch. Karnchang to get such a job, Mr. Chuvit sees that giving Ch. Karnchang a job causes 700% damage, and another thing that makes Ch. Karnchang get a job is the Rose Garden Connection Gang as a helper, with 5 members, namely Mr. Saksiam, Mr. Nevin, Mr. Plew Whistle and Mr. Suchart that the officer He also spoke about Mr. Suchart saying that getting a position in the NACC was wrong. Because of the lack of qualifications while the issue of Mr. Sonthi Limthongkul that came out to unfold. He insisted that he did not have anyone backing him but wanted to do better for the country and did not know why Sondhi attacked himself, but he wanted to say that he read the news related to the Prime Minister. Confirm "Saksiam" stopped working, no impact Minister of Analysis: "Hia Shu" extinguished the crash engine "Sia Rat"
Stretcher "Tawan Bam" returned to Thammasat Hospital for treatment. |The lawyer stated. Bring "Tawan - Bam" Back to Thammasat Hospital for treatment again. After starving and protesting in front of the Supreme Court since Feb. 24. Today (3 Mar 2023) Reporters reported that the Twitter account of the Lawyers Center for Human Rights Reported at 6:00 p.m. Moving officer Ms. Tantawan Tuatulanon or Tawan and Ms. Orawan Phupong or Bam 2, political activists, from the temporary tent area in front of the Supreme Court Sanam Luang to the emergency room. Thammasat Hospital Chalermprakiat after the crisis of Mr. Kristang Nutajarat lawyer It said those involved decided to send the couple to life treatment. They starved themselves of water and food for 44 days, initially refusing to go to the hospital. He insisted on continuing to fight for the court's release of his friend who is still in prison. 3-4 people previously. On February 24th, after Tawan and Bam. To demand bail for fellow accused in the protest case, until last evening, the 2 were taken back to Thammasat Hospital for treatment againRead related news "Tawan - Bam" Leaving Thammasat Hospital to fast in front of the Supreme Court to give flowers to support "Tawan - Bam" fasting protest into the 39th day
Special Interview: Peace Talk Facilitator "We're starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel."|Gen. Zulkifli Zainal Abidin Malaysian Talks Facilitator Assures Peace Talks "The people I spoke with believe we are beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel," he said. Sulkivli said this during an exclusive interview with Thai PBS World, Thai PBS's English-language news service, during a visit to the three southern border provinces. In the middle of last week, Zulkifli assured that all parties involved BRN, in particular, expressed its commitment to seek a peaceful solution to violence on Thailand's borders, following an agreement reached during the peace talks hosted by Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur. at the end of last month, with Gen. Zulkifli was the facilitator and was attended by representatives of the Thai government led by Gen. Wallop Raksena and representatives from BRN. Zulkifli called on the parties directly involved. Be open to different opinions and open to the participation of local groups taking into account religious differences and diversity. "Everyone needs to be generous to make sure that you can argue with what you disagree with in certain areas, to achieve a 'win-win' outcome that everyone gets, not just one winner. Zulkifli spoke after being appointed facilitator of peace talks by Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim. Gen. Zulkifli met with separatist representatives, including Pulo Mara. Patani, or BRN, a Malaysian resident, Gen. Zulkifli discusses the reasons for visiting the three southernmost provinces, Thepchai Yong from Thai PBS World exclusive interview. Verbatim Gen. Zulkifli Zainal Abidin Malaysian Peace Dialogue Facilitator Gen. Zulkifli: Previously, people were less confident about the dialogue process and Malaysia's role in facilitating it. The first thing I did after taking on this role was to understand the situation, I saw a positive attitude from everyone. Whether it's academics. People on the streets This morning I went to eat roti at a market. Everyone seems to know me and congratulates me on my visit. I can say that more than 50 percent of people believe that there is light at the end of the tunnel, and more and more people believe in it. Everyone is ready to give feedback. They want to raise their voices and participate in the process. I think there should be a mechanism for everyone to participate and have a sense of belonging. Everyone should participateGen. Zulkifli: There are three main points in the "Joint Comprehensive Plan towards Peace". The legal principles must be respected and there is a monitoring mechanism, and everyone involved must be aware of this agreement, which is a step that must take place in specific discussions because there are legal and confidential matters of BRN that are important to ask. If it's the wrong question, we'll get the wrong answer, and that's the problem. It may be too early to comment on this, but we have seen many issues that have been discussed before, such as education, identity, etc. Religious Matters On freedom of expression, Gen. Zulkifli: Two years is a good timeframe, but it means everyone needs to be generous to make sure you can argue with what you disagree with. In some ways, to achieve a "win-win" result, Gen. Zulkifli: Yes. That's why I say I've seen positive signs in every conversation. In every expression, it's not drama, it's tangible. I am confident that one day we will reach a settlement with Gen. Zulkifli: It is up to both the Thai government and BRN, both sides understand the sensitivity of this and must try to find a compromise and have patience both locally and mentally. As for me, it's only my duty to facilitate. There is no more role than that, Gen. Zulkifli: Prime Minister Anwar has reiterated that engagement is an important agenda of the negotiations. The BRN representative told me that he was ready for other representatives to join, but how many or in what form was the detail that needed to be discussed, my first task was to get both sides to agree on a "holistic plan of action for peace," that is the key and a "roadmap" to move forward. From now on, there will be discussions on how other parties will participate, which I believe will be agreed upon.Gen. Zulkifli: Lessons from the peace negotiation process in Mindanao (Philippines) and Aceh (Indonesia) Tell us things aren't going to be easy. It is not easy to control ground operations. Sometimes communication errors occur. Sometimes there are misunderstandings and sometimes emotions prevail, I have told BRN to understand the operations on the goals of the negotiations and if they understand the "roadmap" and what lies ahead. I believe we can stop the violence. I communicated with Gen. Wallop Raksena (Head of Peace Talks on the Thai side) that both sides must act in the same line to reassure Gen. Zulkifli: It depends on Thailand. Malaysia's role as facilitator stems from Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra's proposal during his visit to Malaysia in 2013. How is it necessary to modify the role? If we can achieve our goals, we should move forward with what we have. If the machine is not broken, there is no need to repair it. First, reiterate that it is an internal matter (of Thailand) and second, to ensure Malaysia's role in facilitating negotiations. We must not have a hidden agenda for telling me to do everything to make progress, because Thailand is our closest friend. Therefore, we must work together to make the situation better and have eternal peace. 
PTT gives big speech "Pak Thongchai" reveals party poll results win 270 MPs|"Pae Thongtarn" took the stage to give a big speech "Pak Thongchai" unbearable 8 years ago people faced a crisis and the Pheu Thai Party had to step in to solve this problem. Voting poll results "For Thailand" wins 270 MPs today (March 4, 2023) The Pheu Thai Party held the first stage speech of Nakhon Ratchasima province at Pak Thong Chai district at the 80th Anniversary Sports Building. If Thailand becomes a government, it will push "silk" to be world-famous and support 1 family, 1 potential, 1 softpower. People have an economic crisis and stomach problems, and the Pheu Thai Party cannot bear to come in and solve this problem, and who does not have arable land, the Pheu Thai Party will allocate it, including amending the law to allocate unused state land to the people, and upholding the policy of suspending debt for 3 years and will cause the price of agricultural products to rise. The party leader gave a speech expressing his intention by saying that for Thai Korat, think big, pretend that today he made a speech at Pak Thongchai district, hoping to raise the province in Ya Mo and announce the party for Thailand to lead the election campaign by Ms. Prathongtarn Shinawatra, Pheu Thai Party's prime minister candidate, accompanied by her brother Panthong Genuine Shinawatra, who tried to take care of her sister throughout her tenure as Pheu Thai Party leader, revealed that a government agency conducted a popularity poll of political parties. 270 MPs, Mr. Prasert Chanthawongthong Secretary-General, Pheu Thai Party, the owner of the area, took the stage. "Pae Thongtarn" is Naree riding a white horse to help the people of Korat and the country out of the crisis before asking the people of Korat to choose for the Thai one-party and single-minded Wang Land slide to win the senator, so the last 8 years nothing has happened at all, such as saying that he will reform the country many things, especially political reform, but he destroyed the political regime. Electing himself as prime minister, Mr. Prasert also said that the first 4 years will create the Power Pracharath Party to inherit power for another 4 years and 4 years after the ruling Thai National Building Party will continue to come to power. If the people will stay for another 4 years, they will only get the political party that inherits power today. Hold the reign of victory. Held a stage in Pak Thong Chai district because he will flag down to sweep all 16 districts and reiterated that if the Pheu Thai Party comes in, it will raise the price of agricultural products. Amend the law that is still an obstacle to make Korat No. 1. We have to land the province to join forces to win 250 senators, otherwise it will bring back those who we don't want to be prime minister." Mr. Prasert said.
"Prawit" joins the procession of cloth to the relics, Nakhon Si Thammarat province |"Prawit" travels to Nakhon Si Thammarat. Join the cloth parade to Nakhon Si Thammarat. In the 3rd month of Makha Bucha Day today ( 4 March 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Power Pracharath Party personally traveled to Nakhon Si Thammarat province wearing bright colored pate patterned clothes. Southern-style, Gen. Prawit has a bright expression and smiles chatting and taking photos with fans who greet and cheer in the morning. Gen. Prawit had a tea event. "Roadside" (Sip Tea Quintee Lang) Tha Suk intersection Muang Nakhon Si Thammarat Some time later. Gen. Prawit and his team arrived at Phra That and joined the procession of cloth in Nakhon Si Thammarat province and then visited the Siam pomegranate pomegranate. Khlong Noi Pak Phanang during the day. Gen. Prawit and his group ate in the grapefruit grove area with the menu being Pad me Pak Flap (Pad me with coconut milk). Green curry with beef, shrimp paste paste, fried fish, roasted pork Boil the mullet orange in the afternoon. Gen. Prawit presided over the ceremony of the royal cloth ceremony at Pak Phanang School. Wat Nang Phraya A.Muang By way Gen. Prawit greeted the people who greeted him with a friendly welcome, with many fans asking for selfies and kissing his cheeks. Gen. Prawit took photos and greeted the people with smiling faces and chatting with a friendly expression.
The Royal Gazette published the announcement. Re-election commission|The Royal Gazette published the announcement. The number of MPs changed, with 4 provinces decreasing and 4 provinces increasing. On (3 Mar 2023) Gazette website published The Notification of the Election Commission on the number of members of the House of Representatives divided into constituencies and constituencies of each province shall have the following contents: Whereas it is expedient to cancel the Notification of the Election Commission on the number of members of the House of Representatives divided by constituencies and constituencies of each province shall have For the first general election of members of the House of Representatives after the promulgation of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. Amendment (No. 1) B.E. 2564 with the Constitutional Court ruling Consideration No. 7/2023 on March 3, 2023 on the determination of the number of members of the House of Representatives in divided constituencies that each province shall have according to the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. B.E. 2560 and amended Section 86 (1) that stipulates that the total number of people in the country shall be based on the evidence of the registration of the people published in the last year prior to the election year. This does not include non-Thai nationals by virtue of Article 86 and Article 224 (1) of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. and as amended Section 26 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives B.E. 2561 (2018), as amended by the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives (No. 2) B.E. 2023 and Section 22 (2) of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election Commission B.E. 2017, together with Clause 46 of the Election Commission Regulation on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives B.E. 2023 (2023) and the Central Registry Office Notification on the Number of Members of the House of Representatives throughout the Kingdom based on the evidence of the House of Representatives Registration as of December 31, 2022 announced in the Government Gazette on January 23, 2023, which can be considered as the announcement in the last year before the election year. Therefore, the Election Commission has issued a notification regarding the number of constituencies that each province will have and the number of constituencies in preparation for the upcoming election of members of the House of Representatives. 1. The number of Thai nationals throughout the Kingdom as of December 31, 2022 is 65,106,481 people, 2. The average number of people is 162,766 per member of the House of Representatives. Number of members of the House of Representatives and constituencies of each province This is the case. Number of members of the House of Representatives and constituencies of each province It is calculated based on Thai citizens. There has been a change in the number of MPs in 8 provinces, with 4 provinces where the number of MPs has decreased, namely Chiang Rai province, which will have 7 MPs. Chiang Mai will have 10 MPs, Tak will have 3 MPs and Samut Sakhon will have 3 MPs, while there are 4 provinces where the number of MPs will increase: Udon Thani will have 10 MPs. Lopburi will have 5 MPs, Nakhon Si Thammarat will have 10 MPs and Pattani will have 5 MPs. 
"Anutin" to campaign in Nakhon Nayok province Launch 2 prospective MPs candidates|"Anutin" to the area, Nakhon Nayok province  Launched 2 MPs candidates ready to state that they will push for the "cannabis-hemp" policy to be successful in the next Parliament. Today (4 Mar 23) Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul The leader of the Proud Thai Party went to Nakhon Nayok province to ask for votes to help Piyawat Kittitaneswar, the candidate for Nakhon Nayok MP for District 1, and Mr. Wuttichai Kittitanaswar, the candidate for Nakhon Nayok MP for District 2, stressing that being the same person will know every corner and know the problems that can be solved in the area.
Prime Minister treats right hand inflammation at Phramonkutklao Hospital The doctor gave him a 1-night stay.|Gen. Prayuth was treated for right hand inflammation at Phramonkutklao Hospital. Initially, the doctor ordered the Prime Minister to stay at the hospital for one night, if no abnormalities were found, he may be allowed to go home tomorrow (March 5, 2023) today (March 4, 2023). Journalists reported that Prime Minister and Defence Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha suffered from swelling in his right hand and worsened after returning from his visit. Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Yesterday (March 3) when I returned to my home. Gen. Prayuth had his personal doctor examine his condition at his residence within R.1 where the doctor diagnosed that he had inflammation of his right hand and found abnormalities. Today (March 4), Gen. Prayuth came to Phramonkutklao Hospital for a thorough X-ray examination. It was reported that doctors initially allowed the Prime Minister to stay at the hospital for 1 night to monitor his symptoms, and if no abnormalities were found, he could be allowed to go home tomorrow (March 5, 2023). Gen Prayuth's plan to visit the area is scheduled for next week until March 17, canceling the inspection mission in Ratchaburi province on March 8 and postponing the mission in Songkhla province on March 9. Leave ahead while the weekly Cabinet meeting schedule and other tasks within Government House. No change yet.
 "Pitha" Kuang "Piyabut" Unveiling the Khon Kaen congressional candidate  |"Pitha" swinging "Piyabut" riding a motorcycle in tow Campaign for elections in Khon Kaen province and introduce that Khon Kaen MP candidates today (March 4, 2023) Election campaign atmosphere Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat Leader of the Progressive Party and Mr. Piyabutr Sangkanokkul The Secretary General of the Progressive Party, riding a motorcycle in tow, greeted the people. Introducing himself as the candidate for Khon Kaen District 1 of the party and emphasizing confidence in the party in this election. By proposing policies to change politics – change government and change the country to be stable and progressive. Continue to make a fair electoral system the norm.
Analysis: Saksiam - Proud Thai in a Turning Situation|Even if you're suspended from duty. Minister of Transport After the opposition submitted his name to the Speaker of the House. You're invited. Evade. Submitted to the President of the Constitutional Court to rule on the status of minister of Mr. Saksiam Chidchob In case of using nominees who are employees of family enterprises, holding shares on behalf of Buri Charoen Construction Co., Ltd., but cannot deny that it has an impact on Mr. Saksiam and the Proud Thai Party. Not least because when looking at the countdown to the election, it is true that the prestige and the name of Mr. Saksiam are not ordinary and he would not run. A county congressman, of course. If he goes on, he'll run. The party's roster MPs lost more because of the "Hyoshu" crash operation at this period. The Proud Thai Party has been bombarded with the Orange Line project with Mr. Saksiam's Ministry of Transport (before being ordered by the court to terminate his ministerial duties). The draft Hemp Hemp Act has not passed the House of Representatives, and party leaders like Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul and "Principal" like Mr. Nevin Chidchob have been pursued by Mr. Chuvit non-stop despite the expectation that this matter Mr. Chuvit will inevitably have to attach a career to "trade law" with him. The Pheu Thai Party's "land slide" in many areas, including the Northeast, may stumble and fail to meet its target when the current government's second-largest party is in power. If the number of elected MPs decreases, it will result in a shadow of the number of MPs in the current government pole with a clear answer for the Proud Thai Party going forward. In addition to urgently adjusting the organization and creating additional "strategies" to cope with the context that has been changing and flipping all along. Another important factor may depend on some senior media fans, who have even challenged the severance of friendship with Mr. Chuvit to the extent that he will remain as loyal as before, in the context of the 5G era. "There are no true friends and permanent enemies" Anything can happen.
Analysis: The new MPs are in intense competition.|It is in accordance with the opinion and expectation of the majority. Regarding the demarcation of electoral districts, foreigners who are not yet Thai nationals should not be counted. More than 800,000 people were included in the announcement of the Election Commission (SEC) at the end of January 2023, although the SAT claimed that in the past, the division of electoral districts was based on the number of people, as evidenced by the Civil Registration of the Department of Administrative Affairs. Ministry of Home Affairs, but when both Mr. Vishnu Kruangam Deputy Prime Minister, a prominent lawmaker in the government of former SAT Somchai Srisuthiyakorn and several political gurus, dismissed the SAT guidelines and suggested that the matter be sent to the Constitutional Court for clarification. Prevent problems that will follow when the SAT reverses its application to the Constitutional Court. Judgment that comes out It is clear that the number of aliens shall not be included. make The number of Thai people, excluding foreigners according to the new announcement of the SEC, will be a total of 65,106,481 people, when calculated with the number of 400 MPs, the average population will be 162,766 people per MP. There are new changes, but only those that have increased and decreased the number of MPs in 8 provinces. The provinces with the number of MPs increased are 4 provinces: Nakhon Si Thammarat; The number of MPs has been increased to 10. Increased to 10 people in Lopburi Pattani province increased to 5 people, while provinces with 1 reduced number of MPs had 4 provinces: Chiang Mai had 10 MPs, Chiang Rai province had 7 MPs, Tak province had 3 MPs. Samut Sakhon has 3 MPs. Changing the number of MPs in 8 provinces will inevitably affect political parties that have already prepared to submit their candidates for MPs in those provinces. Especially in provinces where the number of MPs is decreasing, there must be a change of candidates, and there must be problems with candidates who will be eliminated by some parties may find a solution by swaying down. MPs list but for major political parties that may pose candidates. Originally, the Pheu Thai Party was observed that changing the number of district MPs could affect the goal of "land slide" because it would get fewer district MPs, but when looking at provinces with more MPs, such as Udon Thani and Lopburi, it is an area where the Pheu Thai Party still has a chance. The number of MPs who are still growing, especially Udon Thani, is considered the capital of the party's northeast, but that is likely to cause a usurpation. More MPs should be in Nakhon Si Thammarat province because it is an election area where there will already be fiercely contested major political parties. While in Pattani, one of the 3 southernmost provinces, many political parties are hoping to flag down their MPs, including the Prachachart Party of the Wada Group (in the past) that holds the majority in the 2019 elections.In fact, not only the 8 provinces with the number of MPs are increasing and decreasing, the competition will be intense, but in other provinces where the number of MPs is the same, it will be equally fierce.
"Prasert" hopes PTT sweeps Buriram province Send brother "Tee Yai" to defend the Surin championship|"Prasert" pointed to the Buriram area seriously, receiving "Proud Thai" as a competitor, hoping to push the Thai base to maintain the nation sweeping seats for Thailand and sending "Pornthep" Brother "Big Tee" Defend the Surin Championship today (5 March 2023) prasert a Member of the House of Representatives (MP) Nakhon Ratchasima, secretary-general of the Pheu Thai Party, stated that in the previous election, The Pheu Thai Party did not have a constituency MP in Buriram province because it had previously submitted a candidate on behalf of the Thai Raksa Chart Party, which was dissolved before the election. However, many candidates received votes. Now that the Pheu Thai Party has been working on the Buriram team for some time, it believes that it is ready for the upcoming elections. The Proud Thai Party has its own trend, but the same goes for the Pheu Thai Party, which has a trend in provincial areas. Meanwhile, He also reiterated that the campaign speech in Buriram province this time. Mr. Prasert also admitted that Pheu Thai Party's rival, the Proud Thai Party, had hopes of sweeping the MP seat in Buriram province, but the Pheu Thai Party had the same hope. Mr. Prasert also mentioned the election field in Surin province that the Pheu Thai Party has submitted candidates in all 8 constituencies in Surin province, while the area of Tee Yai Poonsrithanakul, a former Surin MP for District 4 of the Pheu Thai Party, who died on February 4, 2023. The Pheu Thai Party sent Tee Yai's younger brother, Pornthep Poonsrithanakul, to secure political space in Rattanaburi district, Surin province, which had a base of more than 100,000 votes in the previous election.
The doctor said the Prime Minister's right hand was getting better. Confirm it's not artificial gout.|The director of Phramonkutklao Hospital announced that his right wrist is swollen and inflamed. After a small procedure Lymphatic waterlogging is observed, causing inflammation, swelling. Insist it is not artificial gout. As we prepare to go home tomorrow today (March 5, 2023), Maj. Gen. Thamrongroj Temudom The director of Phramongkutklao Hospital together with the surgical team jointly announced the swollen right wrist inflammation of Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister said he thanked the media and all members of the public for their concern for the inflammation of Gen Prayuth's right hand, swelling and redness and undergoing outpatient treatment for 2 days. It was found that there was lymph trapped in the right hand that was very swollen, the medical team feared that it would be an infectious inflammation. If left for a long time, it may be pus, so he decided to do a small procedure, which is to open the wound on the Prime Minister's hand to drain the infected lymph, after which the scar has been stitched and the Prime Minister's condition is normal, there are no complications. : Prime Minister treats right hand inflammation at Phramonkutklao Hospital The doctor gave him a 1-night stay.
Sign shop business in Nakhon Ratchasima province bustling for election|During the election campaign, the business of making campaign signs in Nakhon Ratchasima province was bustling because there were prospective candidates for MPs from various parties who ordered campaign signs to be placed in the area. As a result, some shops have to announce the recruitment of more sign makers to keep up with customer demand today (March 5, 2023). Workers make signs for a sign shop in Nakhon Ratchasima city. Accelerate the campaign banner at the candidate. MPs in Nakhon Ratchasima province to keep up with the needs of customers. After ordering campaign signs from various political parties to be used to follow various communities, many criminal owners made banners. Say that we have clients, most of whom are prospective candidates. MPs from various political parties ordered a large number of plywood size banners as specified by the SEC. As a result, the shop had to announce the recruitment of more sign makers in order to produce work to keep up with the demand for Saranya. Spiral Seenak, the manager of the sign shop, said that for the campaign signs for this election of MPs, the SEC clearly defines the size that it must not exceed 130 cm in width and 245 cm in length, must specify the name-surname, address of the employer-manufacturer, number, date of manufacture to be clearly visible of the announcement or election plaque. :Analysis: Zoning "increase-decrease" All new MPs have to compete intensely "Pitha" to wield "Piyabutr" Unveiling the Khon Kaen congressional candidate
"Ung-ing" raises policy to defeat 3 years Buriram campaign Kak shakes hands a step further.|"Pae Thongtarn" Thank you Buriram people for listening to the speech overwhelmingly. Declare the fight against Thai pride with a policy to sweep the house free from drugs. He said he was happy that the results of the popular poll in Songkhla province had risen, and "Chon Nan" still cooperated a long way to set up the Cabinet or not. Wait for the election results today (March 5, 2023). Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra, head of Family for Thai, took the stage to speak at Prakhonchai district, Buriram province, saying that Buriram people were told that there would be few listeners, but it turned out that Buriram people came to greet them tightly to the edge of the stage. Moisten your heart and mention the Pheu Thai Party's campaign policy, reiterating that the Pheu Thai Party can actually make policies because it has done it before. Please choose for the whole province of Thailand, Ms. Paethongtarn mentioned the problems in the area. Farmers and farmers are in debt to lift the 3D policy "Good soil, bile - good seeds - sell at a good price", push agricultural products up to raise stalls, make people know about jasmine rice, volcanic soil, and the Pheu Thai Party also has a 3-year debt moratorium policy - wages up to 600 baht - lift the policy to suppress 3 years: 1. Narcotics Suppression 2. Open dialogue with neighboring countries to destroy production sites Talk about free trade, and 3. is to turn eaters into patients. I repeat my request to enter the booth for the whole party of Thailand. Miss Paethongtarn spoke about the atmosphere of the campaign. He said that he felt damp and asked to represent the Pheu Thai Party, thanking the people of Buriram for coming a lot and not getting out of his seat until the end. Even at noon, it was still as tight as it was when asked about drug policy. Will it be used to win votes from the Proud Thai Party? Ms. Paethongtarn said that the Pheu Thai Party's drug policy is a national policy. We have studied the area and found that it is a province with a lot of drugs. Therefore, this policy must be adopted. It shows that we really have solutions to the problems for the people and their children, the remarks from the party supporters who see the Buriram stage as an intensive speech. Miss Paethongtarn laughed before asking back, "Is it fierce, how is the other stage, we are full." Landslides cannot rely on just one area. Every area is very important, and whether people think that area is a loss or a win, we will continue to propose policies for people to decide on the number of expectations. MP in Buriram, Family Director of Pheu Thai Party Mr. Nuttawut Saiyakue replied that from the 2011 election, we won 2 seats. Party Leader for Thailand The answer added that it is about the trust of the people. But the trend is getting better and better, so let's not calculate the numbers, but be sure that people want to get out of the crisis, this is the answer in the election booth when asked about the principle of land encroachment. In addition, Dr. Chonnan mentioned the case of Khao Kra Maw land, the case of corruption of the Orange Line to the case of stock manipulation will also be brought forward in the speech. How does it affect people? For example, when the opposition petitioned the Constitutional Court to rule on the ministerial qualifications of Mr. Saksiam Chidchob, who he did not like to hold or hold shares, the court accepted the petition and ordered him to stop performing his duties. 144 Direct or indirect implementation of the budget as commissioner is coming again. These things must make the truth appear, Ms. Paethongtarn also mentioned the results of the popularity poll in Songkhla province about the position of the Prime Minister as deputy. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, affiliated with the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party As for the party's popularity as a deputy to the Democratic Party, he said that he was very happy to have the opportunity to remain in the hearts of his southern brothers and sisters, reiterating that every field visit in every area is important to the Pheu Thai Party, and when the polls that have not yet taken place and happened about the popularity of the Pheu Thai Party, it is sure to make the Pheu Thai Party much more motivated. If the overall party is second to the Democratic Party, and the candidate for Prime Minister, even in 2nd place, believes that the Pheu Thai Party will actually get the position of Prime Minister, so he is not worried about anything because it is considered to have moved up to 2nd place, it is considered that the Pheu Thai Party won. The Pheu Thai Party has yet to hold a speech, the Pheu Thai Party chief said he did not want to mention the post-election political handshake before the election, reiterating respect for the people's authority. Getting enough votes will make it easier to consider joining a political party. After the party stepped forward to show its readiness to form a government with the Pheu Thai Party, related news : "Prasert" Wang PTT sweeps Buriram province Send brother "Tee Yai" to defend the Surin championship
"Jurin" to campaign for Songkhla, ignoring poll results to support "Prayuth" sitting Prime Minister|The head of the Democratic Party (PDP) has been on the ground to help Songkhla candidates ignore polls that indicate that MPs support Gen Prayuth as prime minister. Polls still put the Democratic Party in first place today (March 5, 2023). Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party paid homage to the shrine of Songkhla's main father for the good fortune of the party to win the election in Songkhla province. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha is the Prime Minister, followed by Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra But the selection of district MPs and roster MPs Polls still put the Democratic Party first because this system is not a presidential system that directly elects the country's leader, but through a political party system. If a political party scores well, many MPs will lead the government and become prime minister. It does not necessarily mean that the person with the number one vote will become prime minister or lead the formation of the government. Rather, it is about which political party can gather a majority. That party would then lead the formation of the government and become prime ministerRead related news : "Ung-ing" raises policy to defeat 3 years Buriram campaign Kak shakes hands a step further.
"Settha" asks Prime Minister what progress APEC negotiations Thailand has gained|"Setha" asks Prime Minister on progress after APEC talks What does Thailand get? Suggest the Prime Minister must go to foreign trade negotiations by himself. 8-year recession points to ASEAN neighbors Q. Do Thais who are going to have elections still want to live with it for another 4 years today (March 6, 2023)? Mr. Settha Thaveesin The Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand spoke on TikTok account Closeupthailand about the past APEC meetings hosted by Thailand. He questioned whether progress and outcome of the negotiations were being monitored. Whether or not Thailand has gained anything from the previous meeting, such as whether it has flown abroad for trade negotiations, is because the leaders of each country attending the meeting are among the top in the world. He pointed out that Thailand has lost a lot of opportunities which have many tourists coming to Thailand. At the same time, Thailand wants foreigners to invest and upgrade Thailand's healthcare system. It is an important point that can attract immigrant investors to invest in Thailand. Not only will commercial diplomats or ministers be sent, but the Prime Minister will have to go to negotiations himself, reiterating that it is time to speak openly that there will be elections in the coming days. But do we want to live with it for another 4 years, or do we want to change the country significantly?" OTOP or SME is an open market that gives opportunities to Thai people all over the country to have a place on the world stage. It's a shame that over the last 8 years we've lost a lot." Mr. Settha said Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand. He said that in the past 8 years, Thailand has suffered economic recession and the COVID-19 situation, as well as the government's poor management of public debt and falling prices of agricultural crops. Revenue is falling, corruption problems are rising. The confidence index has declined, and rights and freedoms have been impaired, while the population has decreased for the first time in history, which is due to two main reasons: more people have moved away from Thailand. This is the wrong solution because the people who move away are people who have the potential to grow the nation and Thailand's GDP recession. Lost to ASEAN countries Myanmar Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos, before ending the matter of the country's geopolitics is important, thinking that in the last 8 years, Thailand has not developed at all.
Big party campaigning "For Thailand - Go Further" to win space in Udon Thani province|Politics are becoming more and more intense, especially the major parties are vying for political advantage, but what is remarkable is that 2 leaders of the Progressive Party, "Mr. Thanathorn Chuengruangkit and Mr. Piyabutr Sangkanokkul", went to the area to help. Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat Campaign for elections in Udon Thani area today (5 March 2023) Reporters reported that in addition to launching 2 leaders of the Progressive Party, "Mr. Thanathorn Chuengrungruangkit and Mr. Piyabutr Sangkanokkul" officially returned to political work. As the party's campaign assistant, he has gone a long way, but also marched to meet Udon Thani people in the middle of the capital of the Red Shirts in the hope of gaining points - to win the popular vote. Originally in the 2019 elections, Pheu Thai Party was able to sweep all 8 constituencies, but in the 2023 elections, there were 10 more constituencies, making the Progressive Party, the No. 2 party in the last election, hoping to win 2-3 seats in this area, especially the voting base of young people or students in 3 districts, namely District 1, District 3 and District 4, while the Pheu Thai Party went to 3 northeastern provinces "Nakhon Ratchasima-Buriram and Surin" to reinforce its 3-P policy: to crack down on drugs, open negotiations with neighboring countries, destroy production sites, and turn drug users into patients. Before announcing the landslide in all areas with confidence to penetrate the big house vote base, "Nevin Chidchob" 2 seats, while the Democratic Party Opening of the Election Coordination Center for District 1 Songkhla with a small speech before announcing the nomination for the chair of the provincial MP At the same time, he is confident that the party still has the popular vote of the people in the southern region. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha returns as prime minister Another term for the Proud Thai Party in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. Help prospective candidates MPs campaign with 3-year moratorium on remuneration This includes the policy of elderly policy and life insurance fund of 60 years and above, by announcing that the elderly will have a good quality of life until the end of their breath. Do not burden the children while Mr. Eknath Promphan, General Secretary of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. Inaugurated a major speech program in Phetchaburi province with Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister, as chairman of the party's Guidelines and Strategy Committee, will also take the stage for a major speech, but has not yet given a specific date. "Jurin" Wade to campaign for Songkhla, ignore poll results to support "Prayut" sitting Prime Minister "Ung-ing" upholding policy to defeat 3 years Buriram campaign Kak shakes hands a step further.
The Prime Minister left the hospital. This evening. Right hand inflammation is all good.|The Prime Minister is set to leave the hospital this evening. After the Director of the Crown Hospital Reveal the latest illness and everything has improved and leave a message of thanks to the people who are concerned today (March 6, 2023). The atmosphere at Phramonkutklao Hospital at the 90th Anniversary of Princess Mother Building, where Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister was treated for a swollen right wrist for the third day, with his wife Naraporn Chan-o-cha closely monitoring the fever and his 12th generation military preparatory friend, Gen. Chatchai Sarikalya, a member of the Senate, also visited the Prime Minister's illness. The director of Phramongkutklao Hospital monitored the illness of Gen Prayut told the media that he would leave the hospital later today and that his overall condition was good and he was now transferred to a normal recovery room. But doctors also asked to refrain from visiting in all cases. Thank you to the people who are worried about the illness this time, read the related news. : Doctor says the Prime Minister's right hand is getting better Confirmed, not the Prime Minister's pseudo-gout. Treatment of right hand inflammation at Phramonkutklao Hospital The doctor gave him a 1-night stay.
"For Thailand" points to new zoning commission affecting 2 northern provinces|The SEC confirmed the new constituencies do not affect the election timeline and cited the government's hope for the May 7 election. Meanwhile, the Pheu Thai Party leader pointed out that the new electoral division has been affected in the two northern provinces, Chiang Mai and Chiang Rai, today (March 6, 2023). Dr. Chonnan Srikaew The Pheu Thai Party chief claimed that Pheu Thai Party's prime ministerial candidacy is still in the process of being approved. But insisting that as soon as the government announces the dissolution of parliament, the party will announce the candidates for the three prime ministers. The Pheu Thai leader admitted that by re-electing the constituencies according to the Constitutional Court ruling, the number of MPs in the four provinces was reduced by 1 per province, 2 of the 4 provinces of Chiang Rai and Chiang Mai, which are strong areas of the Pheu Thai Party. He said the redistricting of the constituency would not affect the election timeline and was currently open for comments from political parties and local stakeholders for a period of 10 days from March 4-13. Each province must expedite the presentation of its report. The meeting is scheduled for March 14-15. The SAT will consider the zoning scheme for all 400 constituencies, and then on March 16, the chairman of the SAT will sign the delimitation notification to publish in the Government Gazette. In addition, general elections must be held in advance, read other news, the Royal Gazette publishes announcements. Election commission "Setha" asks Prime Minister to progress APEC negotiations What did Thailand get? "For Thailand - Go Further" campaign for Udon Thani province
The Democratic Party unveiled 33 candidates for the Bangkok congressional seat.|"Jurin Laksanavisit" leads the Democratic Party team Candidates for all 33 districts of Bangkok, even though they chose the old one, but new blood came, confident and ready to declare victory in the chair and ask for the opportunity for the people of Bangkok to work today (March 6, 2023). The Democrat cheers were loud. Especially during the opening of the event, which was launched with a new morning MV. The announcement to reclaim Bangkok, which is considered the home of the Democratic PartyDEM for all or Democrat = People, was the theme of the official launch event for the candidates of the 33 districts of Bangkok for the Democratic Party, which included former MPs, former MPs, heirs of politicians and the new generation, such as Phubet Abhayawong, the heir to the first party leader, Pongsakorn Kwan Muang Jermmas Cheonglertsiri, and Aronong. Kanchanachusak, Thana Chirawinit, Pol. Gen. Vichai Sangprapai, Watchara Petthong and Sakol Muangsiri are preparing to fight after the 2019 election, the Democratic Party failed and lost a seat in the city of Ongaj Klampaiboon, the deputy leader of the Democratic Party. Mrs. Watanya Bunnag, chairman of the Bangkok Political Innovation Working Group, pointed out that the transition of democracy after the old blood flowed out. The party is bad. That's not true, because there is still new blood coming in to fill the deciduous leaves and believe that the blood of the Democrats is still circulating in the people of Bangkok. Please help make this house as warm as ever. Dr. Aye Sujashvir Suwansawat Reflecting on the problems of the people of Bangkok for the past 4 years that have not been solved, the chairman of the Bangkok Policy Working Group asked for an opportunity for all 33 candidates of the party to return home because Bangkok is the home of democrats. The party leader affirmed that the Democratic Party always gives importance to the people of Bangkok because Bangkok is the breath of the Democratic Party and continues to reiterate that the Democratic Party is ready for elections to present itself to serve the people of Bangkok this time and declare 3 main positions: striving to take the party forward to become a strong political institution that will rely on the people of Bangkok and future generations, and move the country towards democracy that adheres to a monarchy as head of state. Democracy and integrity, including a full stomach, and finally, not using political banknotes that use money to buy votes or bid for MPs and the Democratic Party, is not only an ad hoc refuge for the people of Bangkok, but the lasting hope of the Thai people and all Bangkok people by maintaining integrity, upholding the main institutions of the nation and reiterating the readiness of the Democratic Party. To lead the establishment of the government to build a full-stomach democracy through the strategic policy of "Build people. Create people Even though in the 2019 election, the Democratic Party did not have an MP in Bangkok, but it does not mean that all Bangkokians will abandon the Democrat because in the Bangkok governorship election, even though the Democrat Party was not elected, its candidate remained in 2nd place and won 9 of the 50 districts in the election. Proud Thai and many other parties They are hoping for a seat in Bangkok as well. 
Opposition hunts for names sent to court to disqualify "Saksiam" from voting|Even the Constitutional Court ordered "Saksiam" Ceased to perform duties as Minister due to the shareholding of Buri Charoen Limited Partnership. But opposition MPs are still hunting for MPs' names before filing a petition asking the court to rule on their disqualification from voting today (March 6, 2023). Pakornwut Udompipatsakul, MP of the Progressive Party, cited that the opposition MPs agreed to join the list. Submit a request to the Constitutional Court to rule on Mr. Saksiam Chidchob's ministership and membership as an MP. Termination and revocation of candidacy due to the issue of shareholding of Buri Charoen Construction Limited Partnership, which was previously ordered by the court to stop performing duties in office. It will be completed by this week, the party's MPs stepped forward. The petition filed by the Constitutional Court ordered Mr. Saksiam to suspend his duties. There is no matter of political disqualification because it is filed under Article 187 of the Constitution and the Minister's Partnership and Shares Management Act, which deals with the removal from the post of Minister and the 2-year gap from being a Minister, but the new petition will be filed under Article 144 of the Constitution which also contains the matter of revocation of his candidacy. The registrar of the Proud Thai Party pointed out that the Constitutional Court accepted the petition ruling on Mr. Saksiam on the qualifications of the minister and not the position of the party's secretary-general, and that it was a matter for Mr. Saksiam to prove his innocence within 15 days as required by the court. It is not related to the Proud Thai Party and is not a case of corruption with the Constitutional Court related news. Order "Saksiam" to stop performing duties. Transport Minister Analysis: Saksiam-Proud Thai in a Turning Situation
The Prime Minister left the hospital with his swollen right wrist.|I'm home! prime minister Bright posture, big smile, walking out of the hospital. After 3 days of treatment with inflammation of the right wrist, he opened a mask to greet and thank the media today. (6 Mar 2023) After treatment, the right wrist is inflamed, swollen. Since March 4 Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister has progressively improved, with Maj. Gen. Thamrongroj Temudom The director of Phramongkutklao Hospital has been closely monitoring the latest symptoms. Gen. Prayuth was discharged from the hospital in the evening with a bright expression and a big smile. Open a face mask to greet the media who have been watching the news for the past 3 days and give an interview to thank all the support. Journalists reported that Gen. Prayuth's right hand was still wearing a soft splint, but the swelling in his hands was more severe than before the treatment. On the back of his left hand, a needle for medication is still inserted. If nothing goes wrong again, Gen. Prayuth will chair the meeting. Cabinet tomorrow as the Pracharath Party begins to adjust its communication plan with the people. Rear Admiral Prawit Wongsuwan Party leader Not all campaign speeches can be held in all party constituencies. By choosing to use technology communication methods or "video calls" for educational institutions, markets, communities and nursing homes, the hope is to penetrate all groups of voices to overcome conflict. At the same time, the day of Makha Bucha is observed. General Prawit went to make merit at Wat Chana Songkhram, while the Proud Thai Party's registrar, Suphachai Jaissamut, came out with a Facebook post with a picture of party leader Anutin Charnvirakul with the message "Don't bluff - copy policy", especially the 3-year moratorium with a flower-free moratorium. Bring this policy to the voice. This kind of action could be called having claimed the party's policies for the election. 
The Prime Minister wears a soft splint to the White House. Tell me he's getting better.|The Prime Minister is ready to work. Put a soft splint on the cabinet meeting. I'm feeling better, but I have a lot of work to do today (March 7, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister arrived at Government House at 8.15 a.m. to chair a meeting of the full Cabinet. After being admitted to Phramonkutklao Hospital due to hand inflammation on March 3, 2023. Past today's Prime Minister He had a brighter expression on his face, but he still wore a soft splint on his right hand and his left hand still had a saline needle as the Prime Minister walked from the Thai Twin Fah Building to the Santi Maitri Building. The reporter asked about the pain in his right hand. Prime Minister said: He's much better, but he's got to work. Thank youRead related news The Prime Minister left the hospital after his right wrist became inflamed. This evening. The right hand is inflamed, everything is fine, the doctor announced. Confirmed, not the Prime Minister's pseudo-gout. Treatment of right hand inflammation at Phramonkutklao Hospital The doctor gave him a 1-night stay.
"Somsak" did not answer the party move, threw a question "Surya" |"Somsak" did not answer the party move or not, throwing "Suriya" as the respondent, pointing out that there is still more than 10 days left before the dissolution of Parliament. He said he was more likely to be the government than the opposition today (March 7, 2023). Mr. Somsak Thepsutin The Justice Minister, as chairman of the Pracharath Party's strategist, said in an interview that it was politically clear whether he would move to another party or not. Minister of Industry As the deputy leader of the Pracharath Party, he was the one who made the clarification because the period of dissolution of Parliament remained. If it's more than 10 days from today, we'll be able to make a decision. Ask Mr. Suriya, who is making a decision. He clarified when asked how likely the party was to move because he seemed hesitant. Mr. Somsak replied, "Hesitation or hesitation, probably not, but we have to take responsibility for our assigned positions, still as the Minister of Justice. The Cabinet and the Cabinet must be responsible, if we are not present, there will be problems with negative consequences, but the matter of work during this period will be the matter of the Human Rights Commission. It is a matter of accommodation of the accused or the inmate while the case is not yet over. To allow the court to stop in certain places that have never been stipulated in the ministerial code, which must be done by him, which he understands will be taken in next week. The Cabinet has caught up. If you finish your job, you can go anywhere. After clearing the work, you can go anywhere or not, we are considered finished, Mr. Somsak mentioned to the Sammitr group that everyone is adults, some have moved to a new house, and there is a lot of news that he wants to move back. Now the politics of the last days are approaching. People who moved in groups left, but they seemed uncomfortable Given the general picture that's happened, In the political climate, it goes fast, sometimes it goes and thinks back, but it can't because the place is full, how do you have to move in order to stay until after the election? Mr. Somsak replied that it was an atmosphere that had to be seen until then, that the formation of the government was still a long way off. If we had the opportunity to be there, we might be able to help everyone. Because we know people who know the group, they can induce and make it easier to talk, Mr. Somsak also said that being a government is better than the opposition because everyone wants to be a government. Mr. Somsak was not aware of the news that he had gone to leave. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister As the head of the Pracharath Power Party, if he wants to leave, he will have to say goodbye to the party leader or not is up to Mr. Suriya, read the relevant news. : "Prawit" joined the cloth parade to the Phra That Nakhon Si Thammarat"Prawit" Open the market to travel Paknam city, the big house "Aswame" welcome
"Pakornwut" urges to hunt down MPs' names to send court to withdraw "Saksiam" rights Candidate |MPs go a long way to hunt down the list of MPs to send the Constitutional Court to revoke the rights of "Saksiam" The candidacy is expected to be filed on March 10 or March 13.
Today (7 Mar 2023) Mr. Pakornwut Udompipatkul Progressive Party List MPs He said he was working on compiling a list of 1 in 10 MPs, or about 40 MPs, to petition the Constitutional Court for a ruling. Ministership and MP membership of Mr. Saksiam Chidchob The Transport Minister has also revoked his candidacy in case of violations of Article 2 of the Constitution. 144 from the case of shareholding. Buricharoen Construction Co., Ltd., which started as a no-trust debate that led to a petition to the Constitutional Court to rule and order Mr. Saksiam to suspend his duties, has now completed the draft petition pending review and coordinated with the opposition coalition to send the draft petition to read the details. MPs who are still in the Bangkok area will sign before gathering and checking the process and then the opposition parties will gather to submit directly to the Constitutional Court, expected on Friday, March 10 or Monday, March 13. This March will be able to apply to the court.
Vishnu does not confirm the dissolution of Parliament on March 20, expects Prime Minister to hold talks after arm recovers  |Vishnu said he would not confirm the dissolution of Parliament on March 20, held elections on May 14 and reiterated that elections would be held within 45-60 days after the dissolution of Parliament. The Prime Minister is expected to hold a meeting after his arm recovers.  Today (7 Mar 2023) Mr. Vishnu Kruangarm Deputy Prime Minister for Legal Affairs He did not confirm the timeline for the March 20 dissolution of Parliament and the May 14 election, stating only that from the date of dissolution of Parliament, the time for holding constitutional elections is at least within 45 days, not exceeding 60 days, and if dissolved, it must be dissolved before March 23. Suppose the election on May 14, if dissolved early, it may exceed the 60-day timeline.Mr. Vishnu said that holding elections during the 4-day long weekend and 2-day weekend holidays would have a disadvantage or not. The contents of which do not specify the date of election since the date of dissolution of Parliament is indicated. The Cabinet brought it up to the King after the dissolution of Parliament must propose within 5 days, it also mentions the duty of the Prime Minister to sign the signature. The back of the hand in the signature splint has changed somewhat.
Corrections confirms no air-conditioned VIP bedroom - non-smoking |Department of Corrections Confirm there is no air-conditioned VIP bedroom. Cancel smoking in prisons since 2019 and allow inmates to watch TV as required today (March 7, 2023). Mr. Sitthi Sutheewong Deputy Director General of the Department of Corrections, Spokesperson for the Department of Corrections According to the news on online media, the issue of having a VIP bedroom is an air-conditioned room, smoking and watching television programs as you please. This issue may cause misunderstanding of the Department of Corrections' supervision of inmates and clarify various questions as follows: 1. Smoking in prisons Prior to 2018, inmates were allowed to smoke tobacco or tobacco, but limited space and time. Until 2019, there was a notification from the Ministry of Public Health on the additional places where the sale of tobacco products is prohibited by designating prisons, which are government facilities, non-smoking, and prohibiting the sale of tobacco products in prisons, and completely abolishing smoking in prisons. It is not for sale and is a smoke-free prison nationwide. For the benefit of the health of the inmates. If smuggling occurs, it is a legal offense and the smugglers will be subject to the utmost disciplinary action.2. The issue of having air conditioners for VIP bedrooms in prisons Clarified that the bedrooms of inmates in prisons and correctional institutions nationwide are all fan bedrooms. There is absolutely no air conditioning for any specific room.3. Watching television programs Prisoners are allowed to watch programs during specific hours, especially after boarding houses or holidays, according to the screening of useful programs to improve knowledge and relieve stress, as well as daily simultaneous prayers. Not a single inmate has access to TV to watch a particular program. Mr. Sitthi affirmed that the Department of Corrections has always taken care of the lives of inmates in accordance with the fundamental rights that all inmates should enjoy equally in accordance with the Prison Operating Standards (SOPs), taking into account the legal framework and humanitarian principles.
Starting Oct. 1, increase sick pay 2,000 baht/month, total 1.09 million|Cabinet approves increase in sick pay MCU is 2,000 baht/month and increase the number MCU who are entitled to receive sick pay is 1,090,163 people because of their importance as health people who volunteer to help take care of the health of Thai people. As a result, Thailand's public health system has a strong foundation and is recognized globally today (March 7, 2023). The Cabinet approved the request for an increase in sick pay MCU is 2,000 baht and increase the number MCOs who are entitled to receive sick pay In setting the budget request for the fiscal year 2024, 1,075,163 people were MCOs and 15,000 Bangkok Public Health Volunteers. A total of 1,090,163 people as proposed by the Ministry of Public Health due to the importance of MCI in taking care of the health of Thai people. MCU received sick pay of 1,000 baht per month despite the recent COVID-19 situation, he proposed to the Prime Minister of the Central Bank to increase the special compensation of 500 baht per month from March 2020 to September 2022 to help with various expenses that MCU had to come out to take care of during the COVID-19 situation. There is a risk of infection and accidents. The EC was lifted and measures were relaxed. MCU received 1,000 baht sick pay as before. MCU has a mission to take care of more people's health. The Ministry of Public Health implements the policy "3 There are 3 personal doctors and the first doctor, MCO, who is responsible for educating people to pay attention to their health, have a good quality of life, screen their health and collect information on the elderly, follow up and coordinate. Home Visit Knock on doors, care for the elderly. Bedridden patients, delivering medicines to patients at home to reduce congestion in hospitals, coordinating with doctors and nurses in providing first aid or referral care. It also helps to monitor drug abuse in the community. This is a mission that is risky and dangerous, it is a health mass with the intention to sacrifice to work for the state without expecting anything in return. Loyalty to the main institutions of the nation. The increase in sick pay to 2,000 baht starting from fiscal year 2024 (October 1, 2023) will partly help MCU can spend There is money circulating in the community economy and there is also money accumulated into the Funeral Relief Fund (CHK). As a result, the heirs of the deceased MCU received almost 500,000 baht per person from the fund as a reward for the sacrifice of MCU that allowed people to have their first doctor to take care of them in the community.
"Chusak" Clarification of 2 clues "Sonthiya" filed for dissolution of the Party for Thailand |"Chusak" Clarification on the case of Mr. Sonthiya filing for the dissolution of the Pheu Thai Party Pointing out that he did not dominate the party and reiterated "Nattawut" as a campaign assistant from the case that appeared in the news that Mr. Sonthiya had filed a petition against the Citing the substance of the complaint, the Pheu Thai Party leader said that Mr. Weerasak, the former Transport Minister, and his team and the Pheu Thai Party are a new phenomenon in the same group to lead to the landslide, which is contrary to Section 28, Section 29, Section 72 and Section 92 (3) of the Political Parties Act, and that the appointment of Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue as a campaign assistant is against Article 258 (2) of the Constitution because Mr. Nattawut has been disqualified from politics. Contrary to moral and ethical Mr. Chusak Sirinil The deputy party leader and chairman of the legal working group explained to the media and the public that the speech of the party leader on March 4 in Nakhon Ratchasima province was just to say that Mr. Weerasak and his team and Pheu Thai Party are the same group, meaning that the person mentioned above is a supporter of the Pheu Thai Party to lead to the landslide. There was no action taken by the group to take control. dominate or direct the political activities of the Pheu Thai Party in such a way as to deprive the Pheu Thai Party and its members of their independence in conducting political activities in any way; It is the right and liberty of the person to be able to do so. In the event that Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue took the stage to give a speech in various areas, the Pheu Thai Party appointed Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue as the party's campaign assistant and submitted the document to the Secretary-General of the Election Commission earlier. Although Mr. Nuttawut is prohibited from applying. MPs or holding political offices or being party members, but Mr. Nattawut remains a Voters are legally entitled to be campaign assistants for the party and candidates of the Pheu Thai Party according to the regulations of the Election Commission, which defines the qualifications of campaign assistants as voters. In this case, the party has taken action every time there are elections, both national and local elections, and the SAT has declared its certification of past elections. Mr. Sonthiya cited Article 258 (2) of the Constitution, which is about national reform. It is not a provision that prohibits a person from doing any particular act. Therefore, it is a nonsensical claim. Therefore, Mr. Sonthiya's claim does not constitute any element to constitute a violation of the Political Party Law and the Constitution, and the Party considers that Mr. Sonthiya has repeatedly filed petitions to dissolve the Pheu Thai Party without first checking the facts and laws completely and accurately. Therefore, the party considers that Sonthiya's actions may constitute a violation of Article 101 of the Political Parties Law, which states, "Whoever knowingly informs or accuses a political party or person of committing an offence under this Constitutional Act against a committee or public official shall be punished with imprisonment for not more than 5 years or a fine not exceeding 100,000 baht, or both, and the court shall order the revocation of his candidacy." The Pheu Thai Party will then submit a request to The SAT has continued its investigation and conviction and has also learned the fact that some leaders of some political parties are behind it. Proceedings, which are in the process of gathering evidence. If the evidence is clear, the party will file a request. The SAT proceeded to dissolve such political parties in accordance with Section 101, paragraph two. In this regard, I would like to leave it to the Election Commission that in order to consider a petition requesting the dissolution of the party, it must first consider the preliminary facts whether it is within the scope of whether it is within the scope of the petition to be accepted. Otherwise, there will be those who hope to make an impact in the election for political parties by using little information and misinformation to apply for the dissolution of the party so that There was a trend on social media that the other party would be dissolved. Which caused damage to political parties was "Chusak". Clarification on the case of Mr. Sonthiya filing for the dissolution of the Pheu Thai Party
"Attawitch" upholds the policy of "ALL Service Center, Government 1 request, end once"|"Attawitch" Choo "ALL Service Center Government 1 Request Single Finish" - "Cancel Blacklist Use Credit Scoring" Policy Innovation Create livelihood opportunities for Thai people, reduce monopoly, and access fair credit today (7 March 2023) Mr. Attawish Suwanpakdee Deputy leader of the Pattanaklao Party spoke at the Nation Group Forum Launching a policy of political parties to push "Innovation to bring Thailand to connect the world" that the National Pattana Party dares to be a new party. There is a liberal democratic concept. Focus on competition Most other parties have an equal focus on the welfare state, but the National Development Party has the courage. Focus on equal opportunity Whether rich or poor, they have access to competitive opportunities. Important Matters The first is ALL Service Center, the government 1 request. But what happens when you go to apply for a business license or transact with the state? Delayed crashes There is no link between departments. People have to run to various agencies themselves to start the business of applying for a license, it is difficult, this innovation will help to facilitate government services faster. Create more opportunities for people to pursue careers. Create more investment with both domestic and foreign entrepreneurs, the state's competencies are ready. It's about the law, the understanding of the people. Technology can make policy a reality. Mr. Attawish also introduced innovations to create opportunities for people to access loans fairly. He reiterated that the National Pattana Party does not propose to abolish the National Credit Bureau as misunderstood, but will raise the level of credit information collection of the National Credit Bureau from those who have been in debt for more than 3 months, even if they have already found money to clear their debts, will be recorded for another 3 years as if they were frozen. It is not possible to obtain a loan from the bank during this period. This is a so-called blacklisted state, so we propose innovative policies to create opportunities for people to access credit through the use of "credit scoring". Take all financial information of a person, including debt payments, money in and out of accounts, water, electricity, phone bills to be counted as loan scores. Borrow a lot, low interest. Who gets low points, low loans, high interest.  
Minister expropriates land to build extension of Motorway No. 7 to U-Tapao Airport|The Cabinet approved the draft decree on the demarcation of land to be expropriated for the construction of an extension connecting Highway No. 7 to U-Tapao Airport today ( 7 Mar 2023 ) Miss TRISULI TRISORNANAKUL Deputy Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office said that the Cabinet meeting on March 7, 2023 approved the draft principle of drafting a decree defining the zoning of land to be expropriated. In Samnak Thon and Phala Subdistrict, Ban Chang District, Rayong Province, to build Expressway No. 7 Bangkok-Ban Chang including the junction to the confluence of National Highway No. 34 (Bang Wua), the junction into Chonburi Province, and the junction into Laem Chabang Port. The entrance to Pattaya and the junction to the confluence of National Highway No. 3 (Ban Amphur) and the entrance to U-Tapao International Airport, the issuance of this Royal Decree is carried out to give the competent officer the right to conduct a survey to know the facts about the real estate that must be acquired definitively. The survey of land and real estate within the boundaries of the land to be expropriated shall be commenced within 180 days from the date of entry into force of the Royal Decree and the Royal Decree is scheduled to come into force for 5 years. Ms. Traisuli said that the project which has determined the land to be expropriated is the construction of the extension of Expressway No. 7 to connect to U-Tapao Airport, a distance of 1.92 km. The amount of assets to be managed consists of 20 plots of land, 3 buildings, 20 people and 20 people of trees and a total of 107.7 million baht in expropriation compensation for the 7th Expressway. Connecting transportation from Bangkok and its vicinity to the eastern region, promoting the services of the U-Tapao Airport project to upgrade the main commercial international airport. It is also an important infrastructure of the Eastern Aviation City, which will make the development (EEC) become an important port and business city of the country. The Department of Administration has already surveyed the map at the end of the decree, and the Budget Bureau has informed that it will allocate an annual expenditure budget to the Department of Highways for the implementation of ownership management. When this draft decree came into force.
"Pae Thongtarn" Announces Extension of Women's Role Fund - Get Free HPV Vaccine|"Pae Thongtarn" announced the Pheu Thai Party's policy on International Women's Initiative, continuing the Women's Role Fund and ensuring that all women receive free cervical cancer vaccines for everyone. On the occasion of International Women's Day, Pheu Thai Party leaders, led by Ms. Paethong Tarn Shinawatra, Head of Family for Thailand and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Engagement and Innovation, together with MPs, female candidates and female members from Pheu Thai Party, held a press conference on policies for women, raising innovation and technology to create gender equality and opportunity. For Thailand to focus on improving the quality of life of people in all dimensions. Knowing that there are inequalities in various dimensions, he announced the party's policy and released a video of cervical cancer content such as screening to prevent it from happening beyond cure. The party proposes 2 policies: 1. Enhance the Women's Role Development Fund with technology to provide women with access to economic opportunities; Create opportunities to access funding, develop careers, and care for disadvantaged women and the elderly. 2. Free cervical cancer vaccine As it is the second leading cause of death for Thai women after breast cancer, the Pheu Thai Party recognizes the importance of female health and aims to reduce the mortality rate from cervical cancer. Having a female prime minister, There are women in senior management positions, and in politics, the proportion of women is increasing. The Pheu Thai Party has a proportion of candidates. Female MPs were 20% more than in previous elections with 15%, with no gender restrictions in the selection of candidates but primarily on suitability.
How much is the budget? The Cabinet abandoned the lance before the dissolution of Parliament.|Keep an eye on The Cabinet abandoned the budget approval to implement various policies from January - March 7, 2023. By spending the most money on economic-social aspects today (March 8, 2023) Reporters reported that after the government was preparing to announce the dissolution of the Parliament, according to the timeline proposed by the SEC, the dissolution of the Parliament would be within a month. In March, Thai PBS reviewed the Cabinet's resolution during January - March 7 in which the Cabinet approved the budget as follows: - Approved the budget limit for expenditures for the fiscal year 2024 amounting to 3,350,000 million baht. Increase from the Budget Act for fiscal year 2023 set at Baht 3,185,000 million to Baht 165 million or an increase of 5.18% - approved Baht 6,200 million. Build the reservoir "Nam Ki", Nan Province. Increase irrigation area by 35,000 rai, help more than 6,000 households- Approved the principle of the Office of the Election Commission in the amount of 5,945,161,000 baht to cover the cost of controlling and organizing the election of members of the House of Representatives to elect members of the House of Representatives as a general election in an orderly and efficient manner. - Agreed to help with electricity bills, help affected people for 4 months, with a limit of 7,500 million baht- Approval of Thailand's public health central cloud development project. 1,514.6172 million baht Connecting digital healthcare systems for the future and protecting data according to laws - Cabinet approves investment in industrial estates in EEC and Lamphun provinces worth more than 6 billion baht in 2 projects Focus on promoting targeted industries- Approved to increase the budget limit and extend the period of debt obligation across the fiscal year for the construction of the Bangpa-in-Saraburi-Nakhon Ratchasima Expressway. 12 episodes 4,970.71 million baht - 3,786.55 million baht approved to the Department of Highways and the Department of Rural Roads. Restoration of infrastructure damaged by floods and disasters in 32 provinces- Approval of million homes project Phase 3 of Thos. Credit limit of Baht 20,000 million with approval Compensate the difference between interest income to Thos. Baht 2,193.76 million - Baht 444.81 million approved Provide video and audio cameras of the NTC under the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act B.E. 2022- Approved 1,500,755,595.00 Baht to the Farmers Rehabilitation and Development Fund to manage debts for member farmers, especially in case of NPL debt and property repurchase (NPA), with 3,148 target farmers - tapping the central budget of 396 million baht. Purchase of 150 bulletproof armored vehicles to replace old ones that have been used for more than 12 years Reinforce claws for the mission of the southern border provinces - Approved the budget for the purchase of 96 Pattani fishing boats 163.36 million baht According to the project to decommission fishing vessels for sustainable management of marine fishery resources- approved the central budget of 826.68 million baht. It is the cost of the drug addiction assistance program of the Provincial Social Rehabilitation Center- Approved the Royal Irrigation Department to implement the Mae Ta Chang Reservoir Project. Chiang Rai Province Budget limit of 1,325.28 million baht - Approval of the allocation of the central budget of 1,037.48 million baht For the implementation of the pilot project according to the BCG economic model, the Housing and Urban Communities Fund- Approved additional payment of assistance to flood victims in the rainy season 2022 in Bangkok and 15 provinces, totaling 237,048 households, amounting to 1,190.46 million baht- Green light to guarantee income for rubber farmers Phase 4 of 7,643.86 billion baht with 20,000 million baht approved loans Support rubber wood business Phase 2- Approve the State Welfare Card Project for the year 2022 with a total amount of 9,140.35 million baht. A total of 14.59 million low-income people are eligible. Of the 22 million registered - Increase sick pay for village health volunteers and Bangkok Public Health Volunteers to 2,000 baht per person starting from fiscal year 2024 (1 October 2023)- Extend tax measures to support employment of offenders for another 4 years, exempt corporate income tax at 50% of expenses hired for offenders not exceeding 15,000 baht- Approved 3,191 million baht to MEA and PEA for electricity tariff discounts for household electricity users not exceeding 300 units per month for January-April 2023- Approved AOT. Recruitment of private sector joint venture for the third entrepreneur, PPP Net Cost 25-year parking and equipment service project with 25 years of Baht 29,390 million and warehouse service project of Baht 37,914 million.
"Rome" filed the SEC Check 3 judges revoke arrest warrant for famous senator|Rangsiman Rome has filed a letter to the SEC to investigate 3 judges involved in the revocation of arrest warrants for prominent senators in money laundering conspiracy cases today (March 8, 2023). Mr. Rangsiman Rome, Member of the House of Representatives Progressive Party Submit a letter to the Judicial Committee of the Court of Justice or the SEC for review. The judge who revoked the arrest warrant for the prominent senator and asked for an investigation of the three people who took part in the revocation of the warrant due in the middle of the month. Sep2022 Narcotics Enforcement Police The operation raided a condo in the middle of Sukhumvit and arrested the suspect for conspiracy to commit drug offences and money laundering. The Narcotics Enforcement Police have asked the court to issue an arrest warrant for the senator on charges of conspiracy to launder money. On October 3, 2022, however, on the same day, the arrest warrant was revoked, and the investigating officer in the case issued a summons instead. Dated October 4, 2022, Mr. Rangsiman Rome stated that issuing an arrest warrant and considering revoking the arrest warrant within the same day is considered unusual regardless of the reason for revocation, referring to "writing an explanation in the order to withdraw the arrest warrant of a judge who states that he is an important person requesting the issuance of a summons first". Section 125 Paragraph 1, which provides that "during the session, no member of the House of Representatives or Senate shall be arrested, detained or summoned for investigation in the capacity of such member who is an accused in a criminal case, unless authorized by the House of Representatives of which he is a member, or arrested at the time of committing the offence," Rangsiman Rome also said. Personally, I am of the opinion that there is a problem with the integrity of the judicial process. Rangsiman Rome also plans to submit information about the Tao Chinese group related to Du Hao, including the case of the prime minister's nephew related to Du Hao, to the Attorney General's Office.
"Pae Thongtarn" to "P.T." Alluding to the moratorium policy, pointing to "PTT", the initiator. |"Pae Thongtarn" to "Proud Thai" alludes to the moratorium policy Identify "For Thailand", the initiator of the moratorium policy. Today (8 Mar 2023) Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family for Thailand and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Engagement and Innovation of the Pheu Thai Party, said that if the election takes place on May 14, 2023, it is a good thing. Ms. Paethongtarn said she had spoken with her father before last night's Clubhouse show, which if it was May 14, she would be on the stage for a big speech, which was due at the end of the month. He admitted that he did not want to give birth on election day because he would not exercise his rights, stating that the Pheu Thai Party has policies to drive the economy as a whole, including the Pheu Thai Party's welfare card, which Thaksin said on the Clubhouse show last night that if Pheu Thai becomes the government, it will do better than other parties. Eat better, the head of the family for Thailand also mentioned the case of Mr. Supachai Jaissamut. The registrar of the Proud Thai Party said that a major political party copied the moratorium policy of the Proud Thai Party, saying that the Pheu Thai Party could not copy the policy that we initiated because the original was from the Pheu Thai Party. He is the Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand and a political newbie. Miss PAETHONGTHAN Indicate personal opinion that do not worry because I myself have said wrong many stages. He had been sweating for many stages, so he thought that Mr. Settha would be more comfortable anyway and asked for encouragement to the head of the family for Thai to also mention the issues of the meeting. The Cabinet has approved a binding budget of nearly 10 billion baht for 2024, will it affect the next government that every subsequent budget needs to be managed? That is the key message, as Dr. Chonnan pointed out that the budget is divided into 2 parts: a binding budget in the form of debt and continuing into the future. The other part is the budget bound by law, such as welfare, which in this section the incoming government takes over regardless of which government. It must act accordingly when asked about the proportion of prospective candidates. More female MPs of the party than in the last election. Miss Paethong Tarn said there may be more women this time. We are not choosing more women, but we believe that women are more aware of their potential and have a more open platform. That's why women get into politics. The Pheu Thai Party is already welcome regardless of gender. Have confidence in yourself. If there is the same goal in the development of the country. We welcome them all, and when asked if Ms. Paethongtarn herself has a chance to be an MP on the party's list as well. Ms. Paethongtarn said she did not know yet. The party's executive committee is considering preparing a list, Dr. Chonnan added, adding that the matter of candidates, MPs and lists must already be disclosed because they must give space to approve or not before they like primaries to vote. This information is not concealed, in addition, it mentions the political participation of the Sammitr Group with the Pheu Thai Party that from following the interview of Mr. Somsak Thepsutin on the day of the meeting. The Cabinet yesterday was waiting for Mr. Suriya's decision. It is expected that within the next week it will be clear, acknowledging that Mr. Somsak's group of MPs has already launched his candidacy with the Pheu Thai Party in some parts, but there is no talk of positions within the party. Ms. Paethongtarn immediately replied that the Pheu Thai Party welcomes alumni from both the Thai Rak Thai Party and the Pheu Thai Party with the goal of developing the country.
"Diary" Post Reasons to Push Up Wages MCU hopes to build morale in return for hard work.   |"Diary" posts about wage push case More than 40,000 civil servants have been vaccinated, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. It is necessary to push forward and clarify the importance to the Cabinet in considering to build the morale of employees who are not filled. Today (8 Mar 2023) Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health The Facebook post mentioned the case for wage pushes. and more than 40,000 civil servants of the Ministry of Health, with the following summary of the case of pushing for a pay increase. MCU is 2,000 baht. There is an effort to push every opportunity and this discussion and write the story and reason for the hike on 7 sheets of paper. Cabinet for consideration Until later it succeeded, in addition, Mr. Anutin also posted a recall about the packing. More than 40,000 government officials in the Ministry of Public Health as of April 3, 2020 During the COVID-19 situation, Ministry of Public Health employees have to work hard to maintain the Thai health system. Doctors, nurses, pharmacists, and medical technologists, who now have fewer benefits and immediate impacts, may quit the bureaucracy, which will have a huge impact on the Thai public health system.
"Seri Pisut" leads Bangkok campaign team, confirms submission of candidates in 400 districts |"Seri Pisut" leads Bangrak-Sathorn area campaign team and confirms submission of candidates for 400 constituencies today (March 8, 2023) Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes Seri Ruam Thai Party leader and Miss Napaporn Petchinda Bangkok Region Chairman, Mr. Virat Worasasirine, General Secretary of the Party Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn Mr. Boonsong Chalethorn went to the campaign area in Bangrak Sathorn. The head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said that for the Bangkok area, the party has been campaigning for a long time and insisted on sending candidates to all 400 districts across the country. MPs from 2 systems more because they support that the candidates for all districts and some districts in Bangkok, such as Phasi Charoen district, found that the former candidate The party's MPs voted well, the party cared for and supported it, but is now bought by some parties. Some parties are bad because they snatch the MPs since the House of Commons has not expired. MPs in his own party have also been bought out, the leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said in a statement. Polarization after the election said that he had the right to choose which pole to shake hands with because he stood on the side of democracy because he was not a dictator, especially not shaking hands with Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Ruam Thai Nation Building Party leaders are reportedly saying that the Pheu Thai Party may join hands with the Pracharath Party after the election. The head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said that it is the right of that party, if the Pheu Thai Party will join hands with any party, such as shaking hands with the Pracharath Party, if he does not want to, he must come to Gen Prayuth's party. The Cabinet recently approved several budgets and some parties claimed that the campaign was the work of that party. The head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said it was something that the government should not do because it was for the benefit of the party's campaign. Why didn't MCU and SAO do it before? MCO and SAO don't think the government appreciates it. If you see value, you should support it long ago. Doing this is buying votes upfront, using citizens' taxes. Why not spend money yourself, the government does not understand budget management. Government loans have now exceeded the ceiling and need to be borrowed. The budget should not be spent on expenses such as arms purchases, government claims, and salary increases. The MCO and the SAO insisted that it would damage the country and that it would be more beneficial to use this budget to pay the debt to the country. Today, the loan that this government has borrowed The country has to pay interest of 26 million baht per minute. Gen. Prayuth borrowed without debt and others had to use debt instead.
"Prawit" ready to coordinate 2 political groups to take the country beyond conflict  |Throughout the day, Prime Minister Gen Prayuth has "kept quiet" on the Thai Twin Fah Building, suspended all missions and postponed provincial government inspections until Friday. Meanwhile, "Gen. Prawit" inspected the government at Phra Nakhon Si Athuya province with a Facebook post, "Trust me once." Today (8 Mar 2023) Reporters are reporting that throughout the day, Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha "kept quiet" On the Thai Twin Fah Building Government House suspended all missions and postponed the provincial government inspection for reconsideration. On Friday (March 9, 2023), while before going to the Provincial Inspectorate of Phra Nakhon Si Athuya Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan As head of the Pracharath Power Party, In a Facebook post, "Trust me for once," the theme of this communication was to reiterate the path to democracy by explaining the way of life in the military and after serving as a minister. This makes it clear that the "power structure of the country" is a real power struggle and allocation through the struggle of 2 parties, 2 ideas, which causes "political businessmen and political investments", which is the origin of the "authoritarian structure", referring to that when looking back at the elections, it can be seen that "authoritarianism" is defeated by "liberalism", which is why it is necessary to create rules and rules in favor of one's own party.  
"Thanathorn" helps "go far" campaign in Lamphun province and listen to arable land problems|"Thanathorn" to help "go far" campaign in Lamphun province Open a forum to introduce policies and listen to problems. MPC Hope the people choose to step further as the government. He appreciated the preparation of the bill to push through the House after the election today (March 8, 2023). Mr. Thanathorn Rungruangkit Chairman of the Progressive Party and campaign assistant of the Progressive Party. Campaign to support the party's candidate continues to move forward. Today, we have joined the forum to listen to problems from the people at Sop Mei House. T.Treasure Mae Tha Together with Manop Khiri Phuvadol, MP of the Long Step Party, and the 2 candidates of Lamphun MP of the Far Step Party, Wittisit. Pan Suan Phong and Chachpeer Wannapiraj. Tha Khun Ngern is one of the areas where there is a land use issue. Identified as one of the matters of importance. He saw that the New Future Party had been closely following this issue since its days as the New Future Party as well as other land disputes because land issues are important issues that concern the lives of millions. Focus on the role of the Land Commission He has always followed the work of the Party. Seeing that the party has been listening to the affected people for the past 4 years in various areas, the party has come forward today to conclude a series of land reform bills as previously published, including the change bill. The MPC is a title deed, as a result of the mutual crystallization that the solution is not an issue. But it is to make the MPC a title deed to the people who should have that right in case the document is still the original username or heir who has the rightful right, and limit it from changing more than 50 rai per rightful owner so that the capitalists do not take advantage of it. 4 years is the policies that need to be pushed through the council. Without a push from the first year, it is likely to be very difficult to pass because many of the council's agendas are filled with submissions to the queue that have been put in place, he has heard from progressive party MPs. The Progressive Party has already prepared about 40 bills for the policies of the party that it wants to push forward after the opening of the Parliament meeting and immediately submitted all the bills to the House for consideration within the 4-year term of the Parliament. Armed Forces Reform Remove the military from politics. Abolish military service Aspects of people's quality of life, such as making tap water potable at the national level Local Unlock However, Thanathorn believes that whether each law will pass or not pass depends on whether there will be at least 251 votes in the House.4 Years ago, from a new future to a long way. We have always held on to the belief that a better Thailand is possible, and that the cheapest investment is to drop off everyone's ballot. It is the most cost-effective investment in shaping the future of the country. If you want to see Thailand in the future the same way we want to build. Please make good use of your rights and freedoms and build a better Thailand together.
"Settha" temporarily quits "Sansiri" to focus on politics|Settha submitted a letter of temporary leave to Sansiri without compensation to perform his duties as Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand today (March 9, 2023). Mr. Settha Thaveesin Post Page Settha Thaweesin - Srettha Thavisin submits a letter of temporary leave from Sansiri to pursue full political career. On March 8, 2023, the contents are as follows: To the management Fellow employees of Sansiri Group. As one of Sansiri employees, I have taken a stance on economic issues. Over the past 30 years, Sansiri has made positive changes to society both in the role of the private sector and as a citizen. This position has shaped our determination to move Thailand forward and has given rise to a commitment to take action to expand its scope even further today. I have been appointed as Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand, which is an opportunity for me to help push Thailand to be better structurally and policyfully. Knowledge and abilities to help drive Thailand's economy and society forward. Accelerate Thailand's resurgence in the eyes of the international community and reduce economic, social and opportunity inequalities. This has become increasingly apparent in recent years. I am committed to making Thailand an even better place to live for all Thais, including guests from around the world, to dedicate myself to this new role, I have decided to take a temporary leave of absence without pay to work on improving Thailand and making a significant difference. As I have always led all my fellow employees to contribute to society through Sansiri. I strongly believe that the management and my fellow employees will support my intentions in this time. I would like to leave Sansiri in the hands of the management and fellow employees. I believe in the ability and experience of all of us to drive Sansiri forward strongly and lead the organization to achieve its goals as well as being one of the important forces to continue to contribute to society as Sansiri has always been. I would like to express my sincerity to my management, fellow employees, shareholders and the society that every responsibility I have been assigned to me is unacceptable. I am fully committed to doing my best. Because I believe that Thailand It's the future of all of us.
"Pae Thongtarn" announces "For Thailand" Land slide 310 MPs hope to become a strong government|"Pae Thongtarn" Announcement for Thailand Land Slide Grab 310 MPs, hope to be a strong government, must be the government that can appoint the Prime Minister from the voice of the people today (9 March 2023). Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Pheu Thai Party leader said after the flag raising announcement. Pakland slides for all Thais by more than 310 votes as a strategic goal to achieve a strong government and to eliminate the Prayuth regime, thus setting the goal, said Phaethongtarn Shinawatra, head of the Pheu Thai family, adding that the Pheu Thai Party wants to be a strong government not appointed by senators but a government that can appoint the prime minister from the voice of the people because it is the most important thing that has ever been said. Speech on the case of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Issued a letter inviting them to overcome the conflict, Ms. Paethongtarn said she was not looking for conflict. As for the handshake, it is too early to say today that they will not join with any party, but look for people who share the same ideology about democracy. And people's stomach problems. Mr. Settha Thaweesin Speaking about the issuance of a temporary leave letter from Sansiri, the Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand said that his decision to take to the political road was to give his best to the election preparations. Mr. Settha admitted that he will be on the stage to give a speech in Phichit and Phitsanulok provinces on Saturday and Sunday, March 11-12 about the party's policies. Ms. Paethong Tarn added that we have to help each other because the landslide announced 310 votes, setting a goal is a very big thing. The leader of the party and all the teams in the Pheu Thai Party, because we cannot do it in 1 person, is very big and ready to go full throttle. He said that today's general meeting has not discussed the candidacy of the party's prime minister, only a conference according to the legal framework that must be convened within a month. April reiterated that it must wait for the announcement of the prime minister's candidacy to be governed by the party's laws and regulations. Waiting for the dissolution of the Parliament will definitely be announced, and the party is waiting for the people's voice to respond.
The PDC. Adopting the "360-degree Pracharath House" policy Find a home for the homeless. |"The President." Adopting the policy of "360° Pracharath House" Find a home for homeless people. Affirmative, practical, legal, and financial today (9 March 24566) Mrs. Narumon Pinyosinwat, Treasurer of the Power Pracharath Party Announcement after opening the forum to exchange opinions of candidates MPs and community representatives to lead policy advocacy Under the heading "Leading to what is seen when going to the field". MPs and community representatives said they would hold a meeting of this nature every Thursday to hear their opinions. In this meeting, the topic of 360-degree Pracharath House was discussed, because the house is 1 of the 4 factors that will create stability for the people. Bangkok still has housing problems in line with the policy of "Have Us, Have a Land, Have No Poor" and not only housing but also the environment in the community. We understand the problems in each area, access information, have studied and do practical, which we attach great importance to, both in financial and legal terms. And it is the opinion that all 33 districts think that it should be done in the 360-degree Pracharath House, Mrs. Narumon said, "We want to make this more concrete by having a model of Pracharath House that we will do more to build on it. We do it in an understanding, accessible, and practical way, which is not financially feasible. Not only legally, but the candidates and administrators come with real heart, to really make it happen. There are guarantees for life, for families, and for society, life in Bangkok is better. Now we start from home, the next stage on March 16 will be about society according to the slogan Overcome Conflict. MPs and related networks came together to crystallize how Thailand and Bangkok, an area of conflict on many sides, could take Bangkok and Thailand forward. Confirm that the applicant Our MPs are not only beautiful but full of potential, Mrs. Narumon also revealed that on the evening of March 18, there will be a big speech stage of the PDP in Bangkok, where candidates for all 33 districts will be unveiled. Open policies in various aspects, both social, economic, and will talk about development in each area because there are different problems, different developments must be in line with the needs. Let's wait and see, but there should be. As for the venue of the speech, Initially, we are now contacting the Bangkok People's Square, we have to wait for the results first. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Party Leader The PDP will travel with Ms. Chayapa Preedadub, the candidate for Bangkok MP for Bang Kho Laem Yannawa district, said, "We have concluded that everyone must own their own house to pass on to their children. If this problem can be solved, it will reduce inequality in society, Mr. Phuwakorn Prangpornpitak, the Bangkok MP candidate for Wattana Khlong Toei district, said that Pracharat 360 will be designed to suit the environment according to the context of each community. This will enable everyone in society to live equally, and there will be a change in the image of the community for the better. Add landmarks to each community Our main concept is to upgrade the lives of people in urban society. Mr. Trisit Siriwan, Bangkok MP candidate for Phra Khanong Bangna, said, "We will divide into 2 groups: those who already have housing but are degraded. It is the policy of the NHRC that we will push forward the development of parks and gardens near homes, sports fields, book houses, libraries. Troubleshooting broken utilities unattended As for the homeless group, the NHS Push to increase the subsidy budget for Bangkok to develop housing directly for all walks of life.
"Dr. Rawi" announces single-party election battle  |Head of the New Dharma Power Declare readiness to fight single-party elections Hoping for 1,500,000 votes to get MPs on the list to enter parliament today (March 9, 2023). DR. RAVEE MASCHAMADOL The leader of the new Thammas power announced that he is ready to go into election mode by moving a motorcycle speech starting from Victory Monument through the Democracy Monument to ending at King Taksin Monument to signal ready to declare the final election battle. Zonal MPs under the new statutory election are difficult. The party's approach therefore chose to send candidates. Only a few district MPs, but mainly focused on seeking votes for the party. It is expected to get 370,000 votes per list of MPs, with the party targeting 1,500,000 votes. Thai Sriwilai Party leader or Mr. Kathathep Techadechruangkul Leader of the Thai National Party Regarding the political future because he decided to continue fighting on behalf of the New Power Tham Party, the smaller parties will merge or join hands with anyone is a matter of each party, but the party will not coordinate the deal in advance of the election and does not aim to become the government party, nor does it have a problem with Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha or Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. It all depends on the public as the judge of the relevant news "Pae Thongtarn". Announcement "For Thailand" Land slide 310 MPs hope to become a strong government "Settha" temporarily quit "Sansiri" to focus on PDP politics Adopting the "360-degree Pracharath House" policy Find a home for the homeless.
A battle for votes, a victory on the burden of the country.|"I'm doing it, I'm doing it, I'm doing it." Uncle Tu Government Cabinet gives green light to increase compensation MCU and SS 2,000 U.S. "Speak and Do" compensation The 2,000 baht MCO has already been approved by the Cabinet, both of the above messages are "motto" of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) and the Proud Thai Party (PT) that have been used to claim their work for the election campaign while waiting for the announcement of the dissolution of Parliament. Deputy Minister of Health Democratic Party "Cabinet approves pay increase from 1,000 baht to 2,000 baht as proposed by the SEC, starting the 2024 budget." Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party will come out and reinforce that it is the work of the government, but the Democratic Party took the initiative first. Since the government of Mr. Abhisit Vejjajiva, it has outsmarted the votes of 3 parties, namely the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party. Proud Thai Party and Democratic Party if you go back about a week. Pracharath Party of "Uncle Pom" Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan and the Ruam Thai Party build the nation of "Uncle Tu" Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha has come out to raise the issue of the poor card, or the state welfare card. The Cabinet gave the green light to the State Welfare Card 2022 and the new State Welfare Card to 14.6 million qualified applicants, approving the central budget of 9.14 billion baht. Identity verification is open from March 1 and will be used April 1 for the State Welfare Card. Although the villagers are familiar with the call "Uncle Tu card". It is claimed that the card is the work of Mr. Uttam. Sa Nain, leader of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP) The former finance minister was the initiator 8 years ago"People know when policies are in place, who initiated them and pushed them to materialize. Just in the administration of the country. All matters must be approved by the Council of Ministers (Cabinet), which is headed by the Prime Minister. Prime Minister and Defence Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha will carry those policies. Take it with other parties as well," Mr. Uttam said at a speech in Nakhon Ratchasima province on Feb. 25 when he found that many of the policies used in the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party's campaign were "unacceptable". Overlap with that of the Pracharath Party and must be avoided so as not to affect the image of "Uncle Tu Card". Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana As the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Pracharath Party, the campaign has been revised to continue "Uncle Tu Card", recalled "Welfare Card Plus" and bluffed back as "New Version of Uncle Tu Card" or "Welfare Card Plus", which will provide welfare rights to help low-income people at 1,000 baht per month. From the original to provide a stepped model according to the age range, while the Pracharath Power Party. Announcement of the policy to increase the state welfare payment from 200-300 baht per month to 700 baht per month If you look at the phenomenon that has occurred from both parties and 2 uncles "Pom-Tu", you will see that it is not uncommon to use this strategy to compete for votes from people who use the "State Welfare Card" because the original base had 13.2 million people registered. The new round of registration will increase the number of enrollees to 21 million, but the war is not over because of the policy to please the poor. The MCO and MPs had already waited in advance while the Pheu Thai Party, with Mr. Sutin Arlangsaeng, the deputy leader of the party, emphasized on the stage of a speech in Roi Et province that he would not cancel the card for the poor, but would do better by using the new format. Finding welfare for villagers to save expenses and announcing policies after the dissolution of Parliament to prevent other political parties from copying their homework for use is noted by the research report titled "Observations and Concerns on Economic and Social Policies of Political Parties in the 2023 General Election" of Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI). According to the compilation of policies from 9 parties, a total of 86 policies were only with sufficiently clear details. Date 20 Feb 2023 At least 2 political parties are likely to spend more than 2 trillion baht per year on the current budget and if the fiscal costs of the policies of the nine political parties are included, not counting the same policies. The total budget will be increased by 3.14 trillion baht per year, or almost double from the 3.185 trillion baht budget for 2023. 
Analysis: Sammitr Group still tang Kak, the future is undecided|Still Tang Kak for Mr. Somsak Thepsutin The Justice Minister, as the leader of the Sammitr group, has not said whether he will remain with the Pracharath Power Party or not, but urged him to ask Mr. Suriya Songrungruangkit. Minister of Industry Another key leader of the Sammitr group, although at the beginning of February 2023, Mr. Suriya recently gave a media interview. Confirming that he is still with the Pracharath Party along with Mr. Somsak, he must go together and confirmed this with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The leader of the party is gone, but clearly. He admitted that he was more good at the government than the opposition and during his time as an MP, he has never been in opposition since Mr. Somsak ran for the main field and became an MP for the first time in 46 years, being one of the top disciples of Mr. Montri Pongpanich, the former head of the Social Affairs Party until now. He has been active on the political stage for 40 years, being a minister in several ministries. His experience and political game experience are second to none even during his political disqualification as the Thai Rak Thai Party, of which he was also the executive director of the party, was dissolved by the Constitutional Court, but he remained active outside parliament as the leader of the 8-MP group made up of big-name politicians. His name starts with Tiger MP such as Mr. Somkid Jatusripitak. Mr. Twilight Khun Ploem is therefore not unfamiliar that he is not in a hurry about how to move forward on the political stage because he believes that he will run for a list of MPs to be a minister, so there is no need to rush to make decisions like running for district MPs. The party he will choose must be a major political party and have a chance to form a government that is suitable for Mr. Somsak. Unlike the 2019 election, where the table-smashing man was Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, the chair of the agriculture minister he had originally sought to mold had to be lost to the ruling coalition even though he was the party's chief strategist, and Gen. Prawit assigned an important role to control and oversee the southern region of Pracharath. Thammanat in the past has also tried to extend his prestige to southern MPs. However, there are still some Sammitr MPs who are still settling in the Power Pracharath Party as a supporter of one party, the Pheu Thai Party, which Mr. Somsak has been working with since the days of the Thai Rak Thai Party. In the first 44 years, Mr. Somsak was the head of the Wang Nam Yom group, which played a high role during the Thaksin Shinawatra government. And this time, "Je Daeng" is shining prestige in the Pheu Thai Party again. In the target era of "Land slide all over the land", the problem of Mr. Somsak's return to the Pheu Thai Party is at the leadership level and politicians "Big Name" since the era of Thai Rak Thai. The allocation of ministerial positions will definitely be a "people have more than chair" problem. Another issue to think about is whether Pheu Thai Party may win the election, but will it form a government? There is no guarantee of politics in an era when nothing is certain, there may be a political earthquake at any time, which is why the politicians themselves are big from the Sri Samrong façade. Sukhothai did not dare to report by: Prajak Mawongsa
Academic analyst of the future of the "Democratic Party" in the 2023 election|Songkhla Rajabhat University academics analyze the future of the "Democratic Party" will rise or fall in the 2023 electionsAsst. Prof. Bukhari Yima Lecturer at Songkhla Rajabhat University analyzed the Democratic Party from the era of Mr. Chuan Leekpai as the party leader to the era of Mr. Churin Laksanavisit that there was a prosperous period until the present day. The answer will be reflected in this 2023 election. 
"Khai Malihuana" proposes "for Thailand" a bill to establish the "Artists' Council" |"Khai Malihuana" proposes to Thailand a bill to set up the "Artists' Council" "Chon Nan" pointed out ready to do it immediately. If the government is the Pheu Thai Party, driven through the 1 family, 1 soft power policy, today z9 Mar 2023) Federation of Professional Entertainment Networks of Thailand Led by Mr. Kathawut Thongthai or Khai Malihuana submitted a letter to Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. The head of the Pheu Thai Party to propose the draft Act of the National Council of Arts, Artists and Culture. President, Federation of Professional Entertainment Networks of Thailand He said he would like to thank the Pheu Thai Party leader for accepting the offer. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic situation over the past 3 years, it has been a crisis that has affected the entire entertainment industry. Disrupted from day one, Federation of Professional Entertainment Networks of Thailand He submitted a letter to Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, the prime minister, the head of the SABC and the head of the National Assembly, and now the business can resume. Therefore, there was talk for entertainers to set up an organization like the Medical Council, namely the "National Council of Arts, Artists and Culture" from the introduction of a bill from Mr. Naowarat Pongpaiboon and modified it and then submitted it to Mr. Chuan Leekpai. President of the National Assembly Currently, the legislation has been considered and is in the process of compiling a list of 10,000 people. The Pheu Thai Party leader said he would like to thank the president of the Federation of Professional Entertainment Networks of Thailand. He submitted a letter to the party to allow the party to consider the profession of entertainers during the past COVID situation. He was coordinated by entertainers that the first and longest affected people were entertainers, so he came up with the idea that the legislation, associations, and confederations must be brought in to support the part of the Pheu Thai Party with a broad policy, namely the 1 family, 1 soft power policy, which can create 20 million highly skilled jobs. If the Pheu Thai Party becomes the government, it will write about entertainers to promote the profession of entertainers, such as the establishment of a professional council to support the protection of occupation by enacting a law, Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue, director of Families for Thai, said that he asked for encouragement from the entertainment brothers and artists because the spirit of artists will be supported by the people. In order to push this profession to have its own legal provisions, there is a professional council that will take care of each other and preserve the right to preserve the benefits and maintain the status of art workers to stay in Thai society.
"Seri Pisut" to "Klongsan-Thonburi" area Launch that candidate|"Seri Pisut" campaigning in "Klongsan-Thonburi" area and introducing 14 party policies Today (9 Mar 2023) Reporters reported that this evening, Maj. Gen. Seripisut Temiewes The leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, along with Miss NAPAPORN PECHCHINDA Area Chair Bangkok Party Secretary-General Mr. Wirat Worasasirin visited the area of Duang Vian Yai Market Tha Din Daeng Market Khlong San Pier Thonburi-Klongsan Bangkok recommends Mr. Thitipat Narawit Chotikul as the candidate for the Bangkok MP for Thonburi-Khlong San district. Introducing 14 party policies to be used in this election campaign and questioning the lifestyle and economic conditions of the people, the head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said that today he went to the area and expects Thitipat to be elected because of his knowledge, ability and diligence in the area. Mr. Thitipat Thonburi-Klongsan people will get Good MPs in this district and a good prime minister from the Seri Ruam Thai Party as well, the head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said, asking people to be a little more patient. The day of light is coming, and I ask everyone to exercise their right to elect a party that does not burden the country. The people are very troubled, but some of the country's executives do not know the heat, know the cold. He did not work until the people struggled throughout the country and still wanted to inherit power, Gen. Seri Pisut also said that the parliament will be dissolved in the next few days. People should consider how difficult the past 4 years have been and go back to 2014. –Today, we should review who seized power and who heads the government that used all kinds of tactics to become the government party. Although in 2019, the Seri Ruam Thai Party and other parties managed to win a majority, but were hit by ingenious legal tactics, the head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said. He and his party members will lead the government to solve many of the problems that the current head of government has caused and investigate non-transparency for several terms. The NACC has investigated several complaints and notified the punishment. So we can't let the country be damaged anymore.
Head of Thai Local Power Party "Unite Thailand to Build the Nation"|Head of Taitam Local Power Party "Chat Taopoon" Apply to join Thailand to build a nation and hope to help "Peeraphan" Strategize education to help with local affairs. Today (9 Mar 2023) Mr. Kowit Puangngam Head of Tai Local Power Party Mr. Peeraphan Saliratwiphak, the leader of the party, and Mr. Chatchawal Kongudom, the deputy leader of the party, welcomed him and wore a shirt with the party emblem to Mr. Kovit and the party members who followed him. Thanks to Mr. Chatchawal Kongudom, the deputy leader of the party, who has coordinated various activities for everyone to come and work for the country. There's nothing else on the side. Mr. Kovit said in an interview that he had originally worked with Mr. Chachwal. Later, Mr. Chachwal joined the Ruam Thai National Building Party. Since then, he has been assigned as the head of the Tai Local Power Party for some time, and has worked fully as an MP in the House of Commons and is an MP who has never brought down the House and supported the work of the government. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha has always made sure that he is a quality MP because he was a teacher before. In any case, they must take full responsibility for their roles. Today, he thinks that the country needs people who have knowledge and abilities if they will benefit the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation and the nation is willing to do its best.Mr. Kovit said that in the past, he had always had the opportunity to talk to Mr. Peerapan and wanted to help the party in 2 areas, namely higher education because of his experience working as a university lecturer and former dean of the Faculty of Social Synthetic Sciences. He was also President of the Council of Nakhon Si Thammarat University. In another session, Mr. Kovit said that another issue is local government, intending to unlock local issues in many matters. Especially to make the local area more powerful. In the past, he had proposed the Planning and Procedure Authorization Act of 1999 to give at least 35% of the revenue that was still pending in the House of Assembly because he thought it was a policy with financial benefits because he thought it would help the local area. Judicial matters Finance, finance, and overall national administration Other than that, the local can do it all for the old local power party to maintain the state of the party, but the power of the party many people come to unite Thailand to build the nation, and some may split to other parties, but he is still committed to working for the local area and still accepts the local power in Thailand, he has been clear about this and his friends in the council have always respected him, and he has learned with Mr. Peeraphan that he wants to do local strategy and education. These two parties will work together because they stand on the side of the government.
Prime Minister reiterates all agencies intensify PM 2.5 dust solution|prime minister Emphasize all agencies to intensify solving PM 2.5 problems according to the action plan driving the national agenda to solve particulate pollution problems. Accelerate public impact mitigation Ask people to take care of their health. Avoid outdoor activities today (10 Mar 2023) Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs Acting as spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister emphasized the importance of solving the PM 2.5 problem in Bangkok, its vicinity and affected areas throughout the country. According to the guidelines driving the national agenda "Solving particulate pollution problems" under 3 key measures, namely increasing efficiency in spatial management; Prevention and reduction of pollution at the source (source) and optimization of pollution management in order to solve particulate matter problems according to the role of each agency efficiently and effectively as planned. Mention the latest information of the Air Pollution Solution Center. Air Quality and Noise Management Division The Pollution Control Department has reported the results of the forecast of fine particulate matter situation in Bangkok and vicinity during 10-16 March 2023. Date 10 Mar 2023 Bangkok and its vicinity may experience a high dust particle trend in some areas after March 11, 2023 onwards. The situation in Bangkok and its vicinity is promising as southerly winds help blow dust particles out of the area. However, during 14-16 March 2023. It is also a time to be vigilant in the area as it is likely to be affected by dust particles across the area. Meanwhile, 17 northern provinces are likely to experience high dust levels in both upper and lower northern areas during March 10-14, 2023. All in all. As summer approaches, the dust situation gradually subsides. The problem is expected to remain for another 1-2 weeks, Mr. Anucha continued, saying that the Prime Minister reiterated to all parties involved. Increase the intensity of solving PM 2.5 fine particulate matter problems according to the action plan driving the national agenda "Solving Particulate Pollution Problems" in all measures. Avoid outdoor activities and wear masks. Define a temporary accommodation facility or Safety Zone, alert system and public health services, strict black smoke car detection. Accelerate the flow of traffic Promote the use of public transport Inspection and maintenance of public transport vehicles Clean the road surface, as well as control burning in the open air. Strictly agricultural land. Monitor and control emissions from factories Prevent and reduce the amount of particulate matter from construction, reiterating the local administration to be vigilant. Monitor, monitor air quality Expand Network Notifications. Create awareness of accurate information and situations to the public. Organize burning according to the nature of the area, divide the appropriate time period according to academic principles, promote participation, awareness, and adjust people's behavior to reduce open burning farmland and waste incineration in communities or cities. However, the source of dust comes from all of us. Solving problems must come from the cooperation of all sectors. The government is also accelerating key policies related to tackling PM2.5 in a sustainable way, such as driving energy policies that are in line with Thailand's goal of becoming carbon neutral by 2050 and achieving net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2065, such as the BCG economic model, which is applied in the energy sector, especially renewable energy such as Biomass / Biogas in electric energy production that directly reduces open burning, PM2.5 reduction, as well as the creation of new technologies and innovations in renewable energy such as sunlight, wind, and hydrofloating solar, which will contribute to the reduction of fossil fuel burning, which contributes to the reduction of PM2.5, as well as encouraging the use of electric vehicles, electric vehicles (EVs) in the country to increase in proportion to the 30@30 plan. Currently, there is an EV shift in the Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) and EV investment that is growing more in Thailand, etc. At the same time, the Ministry of Energy has also accelerated the national energy plan towards clean energy, which consists of 1. Thailand's Power Development Plan 2. Alternative and Alternative Energy Development Plan (AEDP)3. Energy Conservation Plan (EEP)4. Gas Plan5. Oil Management Plan "People who need special health care, including the elderly, patients with lung, heart disease, cancer, diabetes, as well as young children and pregnant women, should reduce the duration of outdoor activities or use self-protective equipment if necessary. The public can monitor the situation through the Air4Thai.com and airbkk.com websites, Air4Thai and AirBKK applications to monitor the PM2.5 situation at any time so that they can safely act in accordance with the situation," Mr. Anucha said. Read more: North-Northeast dust impacts health and tourism Bangkok faces heavy dust in the middle of this month, 1.32 million people sick from air pollution, check urgently! Bangkok dust for more than 7 days stuck with something prohibited to do
SAT distributes application manuals Congressional districts and rosters prepare for election |The SAT distributes candidate manuals for MPs for candidates and political parties to prepare for the upcoming elections. Today (10 Mar 2023) The SEC has released a guide to candidates to prepare for the end of the term of the House of Representatives. On 23 Mar 2023 According to Article 102 of the Constitution, general elections for members of the House of Representatives shall be held. The SEC shall have a notification in the Government Gazette specifying the date of candidacy for the constituency election as well as a notification in the Government Gazette specifying the place where the political party will submit the list of candidates for the election of members of the House of Representatives on a list. Candidate recruitment is one of the important steps in the election management process. For candidates and political parties and the operating manual for recruitment of members of the House of Representatives. For candidates, political parties, including officials of political parties. It is used as a guideline for the processing and preparation of supporting documents for the candidacy of members of the House of Representatives to be of the same standard for both candidates and political parties as well as the people. Voters have an accurate understanding of the election recruitment process. Constituency and list MPs, including criteria for nominating candidates to be prime minister 
The Prime Minister is moving forward to solve the problems he has made. Swipe for a sound|Prime Minister leans forward to solve arable land problem, reiterates policy not campaign Don't clear your mind, Miss Kanjana. I'm telling you. Explain the reason for the dismissal of the order to move the Secretary of the BOT to work before today. (March 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister This was revealed after the meeting of the National Land Policy Committee No. 2/2023, reiterating that this government has always solved the problem of arable land. Because many people have problems with arable land, but the operation must be done correctly and legally, so leave it to the relevant agencies how to make these places more valuable in the future. But not to resell because we no longer have land and accept that the park area has a long-running and encroaching problem that the government is trying to solve and there is a law of the Land Board that governs it. Every time in the case of Miss Kanjana Silpa-archa. Chief Advisor to the Head of the Thai National Development Party Stating that some political parties took the royal land to distribute in Suphan Buri province and made it into a campaign policy, the Prime Minister said that the government is working, which has a successful effect on the people and asked back that today it is still the government, isn't it? The government still has to act responsibly. Please understand each other, in addition, confirm that there is no need to understand Miss Kanjana because they are already talking, they are close, they are friends, they understand each other. There is no problem canceling the move order. Lieutenant General Somkiat Phonprayoon The Secretary of the Southern Border Provinces Administration Center (BATC) to return to his former position, the Prime Minister said, is in accordance with that.
SRT denies discrimination in case of "mast horn" Confirm the steps.  |State Railway of Thailand Confirm the case of land "Khao Kra Mast", Buriram Province Equally follow the decisions of the NACC and in accordance with the legal procedures. No discrimination today (10 March 2023) State Railway of Thailand (SRT) issued a letter According to Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) After investigating the facts, it was resolved that "The issuance of land title deeds No. 3466 and 8564 is the issuance of land title deeds of the State Railway of Thailand. "The State Railway of Thailand, as the owner of the land in Khao Kra Mast area, does not proceed to revoke the title deed against Mr. Saksiam Chidchob and his relatives who violated the land interests in Khao Kra Mast area, including not suing the Court of Justice to revoke the title deed like the general public. Director of Public Relations Center State Railway of Thailand Please clarify further information in order to provide a clear and complete picture of this matter. The Railway has acted in accordance with the and in accordance with relevant laws correctly and completely. It does not ignore or discriminate in any way. Proceed according to the ruling. The NACC did not neglect its duties as a result of Mr. Chuvit's letter requesting investigation and prosecution of those involved. Referring to the letter of the NACC dated September 14, 2011 to the State Railway Authority regarding the request to take action against trespassers on state land, the said letter stems from the case of the Chairman of the State Railway Workers Union of Thailand. Accusing the former acting governor of the State Railway of Thailand against them (at the time) On the charge of being an officer who wrongfully performed or omitted to perform his duties by not taking action against the trespassers of the railway in the area of Khao Kradong, Buriram Province, which The then NACC had made a ruling on the procedure regarding the encroachment of the railway land in the expression of the inquiry. Alleged black number 51910034 red number 14959054 in document no. 50 states, "During the period during the time that the accused was acting as the Governor of the State Railway of Thailand, the State Railway of Thailand continued to carry out encroachment on the land of the State Railway of Thailand in Khao Kra Maung area with the Land Department and Buriram Province until the accused was removed from the position of acting governor of the State Railway of Thailand. The State Railway of Thailand considers that it cannot sue because the person has a title document issued by the Land Department until the title document is revoked. Therefore, such persons can be prosecuted for trespassing. This means that the Railway will be able to take action against trespassers in the land of the Railway after the Land Department has revoked the title documents. The Railway has adhered to the above decision of the NACC as a guideline and has always observed that the Railway has issued a notice to the Land Department to proceed with the revocation of at least 5 title documents from 2012 to 2021, but the Land Department has not proceeded to revoke all title documents in the area. Khao Kra Maung District, Buriram Province, as requested. Therefore, the Railway is obliged to bring the case to the Central Administrative Court. On December 23, 2021, it was a lawsuit for the Land Department to revoke title documents for more than 900 plots, which is not to revoke rights documents for specific plots or individuals as claimed during 2012. The NACC has informed the Railways to take action against land trespassers. The State Railway has many people to bring evidence. Aug1 Submit an application to the Buriram Provincial Land Office to issue land rights documents of the Railway. The representatives of the Railway Authority have objected to the issuance of rights documents, causing a group of people to be plaintiffs suing the Railway as defendants before the court. Therefore, the State Railway has submitted various documents and maps of Khao Kra Mast junction used to submit to the Land Department to revoke land title documents No. 3466 and 5864 to the court to prove that the land as shown in the Khao Kra Mast junction map is the land of the Thai Railway. Buriram kilometer 375-650 is the land of the State Railway." It cannot be used to enforce a lawsuit to evict any person who is not a party to the case in order to resolve the outstanding issues in the past. Be clear. Therefore, the Railway has submitted various documents and maps of Khao Kra Mast junction used in the Supreme Court proceedings to the Land Department to the Central Administrative Court to request the revocation of the title documents that supersede the land of the Railway in the area. The total area of 5,083 rai of approximately 900 plots, which is the implementation of the legal process that is fair and equitable. There is no discrimination whatsoever, as well as the way that the Railway has acted in the same way as other land of the Railway, such as filing a lawsuit with the Administrative Court to request the revocation of the title document over the land of the Railway. Phang Nga Area - Tha Nun Currently, the case is pending in the Supreme Administrative Court, the Railway filed a lawsuit against the Land Department to the Central Administrative Court in order to preserve the best interests of the Railway. In case of non-revocation of title documents issued over the land of the Railway in Khao Kradong area, Buriram province at the same time, which has a total area of 5,083 rai, totaling about 900 plots, to request for the revocation of the title document that supersedes the land of the Railway and hold the title document in the land of the Railway in the area. He also asked to pay damages of 707 million baht in the case. The case was filed in the Administrative Court of First Instance on September 23, 2021. The Administrative Court ordered the case to be heard in March 2022 and on January 27, 2023. The Central Administrative Court has issued a notice to set a date for the end of the investigation. Black Case No. 2494/2021 was set for 7 days. Mar 2023 is the end date of the fact-finding in which the next step will go into the consideration of The Central Administrative Court continued. If the Administrative Court makes a final decision that the disputed area is the land of the Railway, the Railways will take action against those whose title documents have been revoked and will be able to use the area for the benefit of generating income for the Railway. Next, the State Railway would like to reaffirm that the operation to solve the problem in the area of Khao Kra Mast land in the past. The Company has strictly and equally followed the legal process. There is no discrimination whatsoever, the Railway has repeatedly responded to clarify the issue to the public through various media outlets on April 12, 2022, according to the link attached to the news briefing. "Khao Kra Mast Land" during the year 2022 Read related news "Sak Siam" Clarification of the knot of land in the process of proving rights "Chuvit" cut the cake to open the corruption movement Khao Kra Mast - smashed the orange train.   
"Vishnu" reveals reinstatement of position of Secretary of the Ministry of Finance to "Pol. Gen. Somkiat" not related to politics|"Vishnu" Reaffirm the reinstatement of the Secretary-General. BOT gives "Pol. Gen. Somkiat" no political involvement today (January 10, 2023) Mr. Vishnu Kruangam The Deputy Prime Minister spoke about the reinstatement of the Secretary-General. Lieutenant General Somkiat Pholprayoon, former Secretary-General of the BOT, said that in order to transfer to the position of Special Expert in the Prime Minister's Office, he would wait for other positions at the C-11 level and that the appointment would take a period of time, so he would be transferred back to the position of Secretary-General. As for the cabinet meeting on February 18, whether other positions at the C-11 level were considered or not, because Pol Gen Somkiat had applied for a renewal of the service, Mr. Vishnu admitted that there was a problem with the transfer, but could not find a replacement person. Or if there is a vacancy in the meantime, there may be a migration as well. For the appropriateness of the move back and forth, will it affect confidence or not? Mr. Vishnu clarified that many cases have occurred in this manner that have already been transferred but returned to a new position, which is different from the request of the Prime Minister to transfer the former permanent secretary of the Ministry of Justice to the director of the National Reform Steering Office. National Strategy and Reconciliation Building (YOP) Until there were criticisms, the King had to be appointed several times. Mr. Vishnu also acknowledged that the criticism of the people in the area, who opposed the move back and forth many times, also contributed to the cancellation of the transfer order to restore the old position, but insisted that there was no political involvement while Mr. Vishnu also replied to the news that Pakorn Nilaprapan will be transferred from the position of Secretary-General of the Council of State to an advisor to the Prime Minister's Office, saying that he did not know, did not propose the matter, and that there was no proposal to change the Secretary of State Committee. Substitution is not easy because even if the Cabinet approves it, it must be sent to the Council for approval. And if there is going to be a replacement now, it is already impossible because it is in the closed session of the House of Commons when the news that the change of the Council of State Secretary will be proposed to the meeting. Cabinet on March 14 Mr. Vishnu said he did not know, but if he resigned to take up another position, then he would not be able to do so. He doesn't know. If Mr. Pakorn resigns and the position of Secretary-General of the Council of State becomes vacant, what should be done? Mr. Vishnu said: Mr. Thanawat Sangthong The Deputy Secretary-General of the Council of State will take over as acting governor. The new Secretary-General will have to wait for the Council's decision, which will take several months before the House opens.
Shake off the image of power pole "Fleeing" Prayuth "Confession" from "Big Pom"|From taking over as Defence Minister in 2009 in Abhisit Vejjajiva's government until the 2014 coup as Chief Advisor to the NCPO, Deputy Prime Minister and Defence Minister, it was the peak period of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan, or "Lung Pom", who spread power and majesty despite his role as head of the Pracharath Power Party and joined the ranks with the Nava State. Gen. Prayuth or "Uncle Tu" for 8 years, Gen. Prawit never wrote a letter. In a Facebook post, the picture and aptitude was that when questioned by the media, the answer was "I don't know, I don't know", but after Gen. Prayuth announced his separation and joined the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, he later became chairman of the party's Guidelines and Strategy Committee. Moved along shortly. "Uncle Pom" side Gen Prawit, as head of the Pracharath Power Party, has launched a game of partnership or conspiracy with Gen Prayuth by writing his first open letter to communicate with society. There are several important words that need to be underlined between the lines. Under the leadership of Gen. Prayuth, he has no knowledge and expertise in politics because he has been a professional soldier all his life" and..."decided to set up the Pracharath Power Party to fight the election. The open letter was gradually posted on Facebook on a series of episodes including "Moving Through Conflict", followed by "Spirit of Loyalty" and "Moving Towards Democracy", two chapters totaling 5 letters. He was not good at talking, but he emphasized that he had nothing to do with the coup d'état, and in subsequent letters he said that "conservatives and liberals" are traps..."and authoritarianism. The mention of "special powers and the elite class" implies that Gen. Prawit is ready to shake off the polarity with the Liberal Democratic Party. To overcome conflict to coordinate democratic people to participate in leading the country. And reiterating that "I can and can do better than anyone", the little letter of "Big Fort" is nothing more than "escaping" out of the circle of special powers.
House Registration Commission Prem Prachasomboon Community Villagers|Villagers of Prem Prachasomboon community who live along the Prem Pracha Canal received a new house registration. From the Minister of Social Development and Human Security today (10 March 2023) Mr. Juti Krairirk Minister of Social Development and Human Security Prem Prachasomboon Community Stable House Registration The total population is 123 houses for the Prem Prachasomboon community. The area is 4 rai 2 ngan 35.1 square wah. There are a total of 130 households, 7 of which have refused to demolish the encroaching houses in the form of 2-storey row houses, with a construction cost of 495,000 baht per house, which received a total budget of 73,586,150 baht, divided into a budget to support the development of 123 houses (totaling 19,650,900 baht and a loan budget for 123 houses with a limit of 53,935,250 baht. There are 10 communities with 1,150 households under construction, with Prem Prachasomboon community being one of the 10 communities. A total of 123 units are currently under construction, all of which will be completed and ready for delivery by mid-2023, Mr. Juti said. Whether it is a community stable house project along the Ladprao Canal and Khlong Prem population, the focus is mainly on the process of solving problems through participation from the community. It is a sustainable development of housing for low-income people.
The SEC announced the rules. How to prepare and attach campaign plaques Candidates-Political Parties|The SEC announced the rules. Method of preparation Posting and plaques of candidates and political parties In addition to the picture, the candidate can include a picture of the nominee for prime minister. Party leaders and members of political parties only. Today (10 Mar 2023) Mr. Ittiporn Boonprakhong The Chairman of the Election Committee signed the SAT Notification on Rules and Procedures for the Establishment of Election Announcement Closure and Place of Plaque for the Election of Members of the House of Representatives. In the preparation of announcements. Determining the location and arrangement of the place of closure Require candidates or political parties to prepare a declaration not exceeding 30 cm wide and 42 cm high with the name, surname, address of the employer, manufacturer, number and date of manufacture in the prominent area of the announcement. Name of political party, symbol of political party Political party policies, mottoes, slogans or biographical information specific to the candidate or political party, including information about electronic election campaigns such as websites, social media or QR codes. In addition to the image of the candidate, the image of the prime ministerial nominee can be inserted. The head of a political party and any member of a political party only, and the method of closing the announcement shall be as specified by the head of the agency. The local executive determines the place of closure at the office of the local administrative organization, the district office, sub-district, village or community, and the head of the agency determines the place of closure at the location of the agency. The SEC also stipulates that plaques of candidates and political parties must not exceed 130 cm wide and 245 cm in length, with the name, surname, address of the employer, manufacturer, number and date of manufacture in the conspicuous area of the nameplate. The plaque shall not overlap or obscure the plaque of another candidate or political party. Coordinate or consult with the head of the responsible agency in the area to determine the place of plaque and issue a notification to determine the place of plaque before the closing date of the candidacy. However, the candidate and political party may affix one plaque at the party office or political party branch or provincial political party representative or election administration center in each constituency with a width not exceeding 400 cm. and a length not exceeding 750 cm.
Prime Minister of Songkhla Province, candidate for the RTTC welcomed|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister visited Songkhla and Yala provinces amid a welcome from the people and prospective candidates. Ruam Thai Nation Building Party MPs today (11 March 2023) The atmosphere at Tha Phae Khanan Yot Laem Son On. Muang District, Songkhla Province Government officials and villagers in the area are waiting to welcome Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister and his team visited the government inspection area, including candidates of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party from various constituencies, to welcome an exhibition summarizing the report on the upgrading of Songkhla City Hospital as well as surveying the construction site of the bridge across Songkhla Lake. It connects Muang district with Singhanakhon district, which currently requires car rafts and encounters traffic congestion, especially in the morning and evening. In Songkhla's 1st constituency, which has Mr. Jue Ratchasih, a former Democratic Party MP who recently moved to become the candidate of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, has just organized a hunt for 30,000 names of local residents to build a bridge across Songkhla Lake. Gen. Prayuth came down to visit today while the atmosphere was warm. People were asking for selfies, shouting, shouting, "We love Uncle Tu" until it was nicknamed by some villagers as "Uncle Tu Talad Taek" because every time I came to meet the villagers at Kim Yong Market and Santisuk Market, the main commercial area of Hat Yai district. It became the highlight of the day while security in the area is still quite strict, in addition to checking for foreign objects or metals, paper or flyers are prohibited from entering the area with the same local side occupying the chair. Most MPs in the last election In the three southernmost provinces, the Prachachart Party today launched its annual general meeting to coincide with General Prayuth's visit to Yala province and announced the names of the new party executive committee to fight the election. MPs in the area at the end of the axe like the Proud Thai Party. Determined to mold hands to compete in a wink-wink battle. tomorrow Mr. Anutin Charnveerakul The party leader will make a big speech in Narathiwat province and launch his candidacy in all 3 provinces, with Najmuddeen Uma, a former Prachachart Party MP who moved to the Proud Thai Party, confident that he will win at least 3 seats and uphold 9 key policies. Songkhla province has 9 seats and in the three southern border provinces there will be 2 more MPs seats in Narathiwat and Pattani provinces for a total of 13 seats. In the three southernmost provinces, the People's Democratic Party won 6 seats. Power Pracharath Party 3 seats The Proud Thai Party and the Democratic Party each won one seat, but the polarization of former MPs, politicians and the contest of several new candidates This makes the electoral battleground at the end of the axe handle extremely fierce. 
GT 200 - ALPHA 6 Retribution "Doctor Porntip"|Haunt never quits. When the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) or the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) unanimously voted on March 8 to indict Dr. Porntip Rojanasunan, former director of the Institute of Forensic Sciences, now a member of the Senate (Senator), the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) decided unanimously on March 8 to sue Dr. Porntip Rojanasunan, former director of the Institute of Forensic Sciences, now a member of the Senate (Senator). Procurement of GT200 and ALPHA 6 explosives and narcotics detectors The prosecutor did not prosecute Dr. Khun Ying Porntip by stating that the procurement statement of the Institute of Forensic Science 4 contracts, the prosecutor had set incompleteness in the expression of the investigation in the case of evidence rather distant. and insufficient evidence. Secretary-General of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) Clarifying the reason that the NACC ordered the prosecution of this case itself in accordance with the previous finding of guilt due to sufficient evidence and the procedure now. The NACC sent the case to the Litigation Bureau to draft an indictment before submitting the case under Section 157 to the Central Criminal Court for corruption and misconduct for the case before Dr. Khun Ying Porntip and related parties were arrested by the NACC. During 2007-2009, the Institute of Forensic Science purchased GT200 and ALPHA 6 explosives and narcotics detectors by special means from AVIA Satcom Co., Ltd. for purchasing the first GT200 in 2007 for 1,120,000 baht, the second in 2008 for 1,200,000 baht and the third in 2009 for 4 devices with a total amount of 4,480,000 baht at an average price of 1,120,000 baht each. In 1921, the NACC Board resolved to identify 20 offences related to the procurement of GT 200 and ALPHA 6 explosive and narcotics detectors, out of a total of 25 prosecutions, more than 100 accused persons were identified by the NACC for both criminal and disciplinary offences, most of whom were identified as procurement committee members and the Employment Inspection Committee. Dr. Khun Ying Porntip The NACC must set up a working group with the public prosecutor to consider conclusions and submit opinions to the board. The NACC agreed with the prosecutor or not. The N.C.C. thinks it should be sued. The Attorney General then sent the matter back. The NACC prosecuted the case itself, Dr. Khun Ying Porntip said that there is 100 percent sincerity in performing duties and that what happened was unfairness for those who intend to perform their duties. Finally, the company has paid back the money. When a lawsuit is filed, then where is the state damaged? When he gave us a statement, it didn't say who he was listening to. What do you got? He alleged that this was the case, according to the document. When reading the allegations, we will clarify, but he did not give clarification himself from now on. If the NACC submits the case and the court agrees with the prosecutor, the case will be dismissed.
"Tawan - Bam" Stop fasting, declare treatment to continue fighting.|"Tawan - Bam" He has stopped starving and will continue to receive treatment to fight as he has not received a response from the court today (March 11, 2023). Reporters reported that there was a clarification on the case of Miss Tantawan Tuatulanon (Tawan) and Miss Orawan Phupong (Bam). Recently, both men said they had stopped starving and would be treated to fight for their lives as they had not received any response from the court earlier. He was admitted to Thammasat Hospital and under close medical supervision. Doctors and related parties are concerned about the functioning of the kidneys and other organs. Affected by fasting food and water for a long time, both are now able to react, be aware, talk appropriately to the context, and even after the danger to their lives, it is expected that it will take some time to take care of them at Thammasat Hospital. 
Bustling holidays! Political parties continue to campaign in several provinces.|For Thailand to campaign for Phichit for land slide in all 3 districts while the party advances - the National Pattana Party dares Adopt a policy to solve the stomach problems of Isaan people. As for the 7-seat election field in Pathum Thani province, the former champion who once swept the seat may not be as easy as it used to be.2 Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidates Paethong Tarn Shinawatra and Settha Thaweesin swung their arms to the ground for their first speech in the provinces. Ms. Paethongtarn introduced the public to Mr. Settha as the Chief Advisor or his own manager and leaders such as Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. The party leader reiterated his goal of 310 or more to form a government to win 250 senators for the next election. Phichit has 3 constituencies, the same 4 years ago. The Pracharath Party swept the MPs' seats in a provincial manner. Although there is a dang-big family in the area, but missed and this time hoping to reclaim the MP chair like the previous "Yellow Vijit family" to go into the name of the Thai Raksa National Party, causing him to miss the opportunity for 4 full years. As for the "Phatra Prasit family", the previous time sent people to the field in the name of the Thai Raksa National Party as well, but this time changed camp to the Proud Thai Party. Meanwhile, the "Kaewthong family", a multi-time MP, continues to fight on behalf of the Democratic Party before taking the stage to give a speech. "Paethongtarn and Settha" reiterated their confidence to win the MP chair in Phichit province, lifting all 3 districts from the former champion Pracharath Power. As for political issues, in case of warnings from Senator Wanchai Sonsiri or from Mr. Chuvit sent to Mr. Setsan. He and Ms. Paethongtarn asked to accept it, but pointed out that time is the proof, believing that the field trip will be a ladder that will be the right to enter the administration of the country in the speech platform of the far-reaching party in Chaiyaphum province led by Mr. Thanathorn Thusrungruangkit. Chairman of the Progressive Party and campaign assistant of the Progressive Party. Launch that candidate Chaiyaphum MP and reiterated the policy that focuses on solving structural problems. Given that the party has gone far. It never promised to bring projects into the area, but the party aimed to propose unlocking the locality, reforming the bureaucracy. Solve the problem of centralized bureaucracy, bring the budget and power back to the sub-districts and provinces so that local people can take care of each other and also uphold the main policies. is to solve the problem of monopoly capital. He also reformed the constitution and reformed the military to remove the military from politics, stressing that the most important thing is to democratize the country. The first step was to abolish the conscription system while the National Pattana Party, led by party chairman Suwat Liptapallop and party leaders, was led by the military coup d'état. Opening speech at Nakhon Ratchasima Launching the Korat Nomics policy aimed at upgrading Nakhon Ratchasima province to be an economic, transport, and tourism hub in the Northeast, Mr. Suwat emphasized that the Pattanaklao Party has a political base in the Northeast, especially Nakhon Ratchasima. Expect to bring back the golden age of Korat. By attracting investors to invest in the election field area of Pathum Thani. It is not easy for the Pheu Thai Party to sweep more than half of the provincial seats because of this election. Former MPs of the party Move the polarity. Switch sides Kanudtalud Maj. Gen. Khamronawit Radiant incense The owner of the phrase "I have this day because I give" cannot move. Must be neutralized. He emphasized on the development of Pathum Thani on behalf of the Provincial Commissioner, but admitted that his close confidants, both the Deputy Prime Minister and his personal secretary, were slapping their feet with various political parties, including Proud Thai, Pracharath Power and For Thailand, the former champion who swept 4 out of 6 districts. He admitted that his main rivals were Proud Thai and Pracharath, but he was confident that he would win more than half of the seats because of the party's policies and Shinawatra brand leader who walked down by herself like "Ms. Prathongtarn Shinawatra". It originally had 1 seat from District 3 Anavil Rattanasathaporn, but today it has moved to Sop Proud Thai. Inflict vengeance on the Orange Fellows. The former political right-hand man of Piyabutr Sangkanokkul also believes that he will win more than half of the seats by emphasizing the party's policies and converting them into his own sub-policies. For example, the Royal Thai Air Force Golf Course will be transformed into a public park in Pathum Thani area in 7 districts so that Thailand will be difficult to sweep the province and it will not be easy to sweep more than half. Even as a base for the Red Shirts. Proud Thai won three seats: Pornpimon Thammasarn, who moved from the Pheu Thai Party to Proud Thai, Anavil Rattanasathaporn. Moved from a long distance and the original MP had 1 person, Phitsanu. Pracharath Power Section Although there were no MPs last time, but must keep an eye on the leadership of Mr. Sawaek Prasertsuk or the Prime Minister, the former Prime Minister of Chiang Rak Yai and the former deputy. The president of Pathum Thani Province, which is known to be the wind under the wings that used to make Big Jazz has already been mayor. 
That the Thai national development candidate "Ayutthaya" embraced the campaign banner was destroyed.|Candidate of the Thai National Development Party, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya District 5 has dozens of campaign banners slit. If you don't like it, just don't choose it, but don't break the sign today (March 12, 2023). Mr. Pravit Suwannasorn Candidate for Congressman of Ayutthaya District 5 Thai National Development Party Revealing the case of many campaign banners both of himself and of the party being destroyed, he said that dozens of election banners have been destroyed and mostly torn down, mainly campaign banners for the party's policies and the policies of the party leaders. The locals called to inform them, they rushed to see it, and immediately informed the elders in the party and brought a new banner to fix it. I don't know what the purpose of the person who destroyed the sign is thinking. If you don't like people or don't like the party, you shouldn't do it because it's not a good thing, and as far as I know, there are signs of other parties that have been destroyed as well.
The N.C.C. has filed "discreet" accusations against them. Knot of the Green Line|committee The NACC resolved to report the allegations against "Mom Dynasty Sukhumphant Boripat" When he was governor of Bangkok, 13 others were involved in the case of the Green Line extension. private interests, according to news reports. The NACC passed a resolution on March 10. committee The NACC has filed charges against Sukhumphant Boripat, while serving as the governor of Phe Mahanakhon, and 13 others for hiring Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited (BTSC) to operate 3 extension lines of the Green Line until 2042, which is to circumvent and fail to comply with the Act on Private Participation or Operation in Government Affairs B.E. 2535 and the Act on Offences Relating to Bidding to Government Agencies. In 1999 and in favor of BTSC alone, as proposed by the inquiry committee of 13 accused, in addition to Mom Sukhumphan dynasty consisted of the then Bangkok executive, the executive of Bangkok Thanakhom Co., Ltd., Mr. Kiri Kanjanapas. Director, Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited, Bangkok Thanakhom Co., Ltd., a contractor for the Bangkok Mass Transit System Management Project, and Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited, a service provider for the operation and maintenance of the Bangkok Mass Transit System Project, and according to news reports, the 13 accused have been accused of fraudulent conduct in the contract for the operation and maintenance of the Bangkok Mass Transit Project between Bangkok Thanakhom Company Limited, an employer of Bangkok, and Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited or BTSC, the contractor. on May 8, 2012 in the amount of more than 190,000 million baht. In order to hire 3 BTS routes, comprising 1) Sukhumvit Line Extension (On Nut - Bearing Station) 2. Silom Line (Saphan Taksin - Wongwian Yai Station) 3. Commissioning of BTS on the Mo Chit - On Nut Station and National Stadium - Saphan Taksin which will expire in 2029 for another 13 years.
"Chon Nan" leans "for Thai" not to shake hands with "Prawit" even if the voice does not reach 310|"Chon Nan" leans for Thailand not to shake hands with "Prawit" Especially if it gets 310 votes, it will form a one-party government, but if not, you have to look at the second party. Point is an extraction game to Thailand slide. "Pae Thongtarn" confidently recaptures the MP chair, while "Settha" Open your heart to appreciate the first speech Everyone supports today (12 Mar 2023) Dr. Chonnan Srikaew The Pheu Thai Party leader spoke at a campaign stage in Bang Rakam district, Phitsanulok province, saying that the Pheu Thai Party would not shake hands with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The Pheu Thai Party chief said there was a trend that seemed to block the Pheu Thai Party's landslide strategy when asked if after the Pheu Thai Party election could not 310 votes What to do? The Pheu Thai Party chief said that it is about the election results from the people, which will have to look at the number of MPs who the people trust to choose after the Pheu Thai Party, which political party will be the political party, but still adheres to the liberal democratic ideals that can work together. At the same time, the congressional candidates are working hard. Therefore, very confident and encouraging, the case of the former. Congressman Mr. Pinit Changnim Move to Proud Thai Party camp Ms Paethong Tarn said that the candidates submitted in this constituency are known to the locals and must introduce the determination of the candidates who will run for parliament to push policies for the people. Dr. Chonnan added that he is 100% confident that the head of the Pheu Thai family said that the Pheu Thai Party's popular poll is being monitored continuously. The Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand said after his first speech that he was excited and happy and grateful that the public welcomed him when asked if the second stage was more fierce. Mr. Setthat said that the suspicion stemmed from restraint and that taking the stage to give a speech was the duty assigned to expand the Pheu Thai Party policy to the people that in the future if Pheu Thai Party is elected. What will the Pheu Thai Party do for the peopleRead other newsNACC reports allegations of "Sukhumphant" against them Knot of the Green Line "Meteorological Department" Warning for "summer storms" Do not stay in open spaces - unhealthy building areas Special Report: More than 500 lawsuits filed against "Knot Kong Lottery Plus" Did you solve the cheap lottery tickets correctly?
The Prime Minister ordered a team to monitor the situation of 2 banks in the United States to close. |The Prime Minister handed over the government's economic team to monitor the situation of two banks in the US shutting down. No Thai banks were found involved or invested, reiterating the strong fundamentals of the Thai financial institution system Date (13 Mar 2023) Miss TRISULI TRISORNANAKUL The Deputy Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office said that two banks in the US had closed in the past week and caused volatility in financial markets. Global Capital Markets Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha and Defence Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha have tasked the government's economic team to monitor the situation and assess whether it will affect the Thai economy or not. The Bank of Thailand (BOT) does not provide as extensive services as commercial banks, and the U.S. authorities have taken swift action to take care of the problem, Ms. Traisuli said. The measures to supervise Thailand's financial institution system have been improved to take care of risks comprehensively and tightly since after the crisis of 1997, so that in the past 20 years, despite many global financial crises, including the COVID-19 crisis, Thai financial institutions, both commercial and state-owned banks, have been able to support the Thai economy with a strong position. Data from the BOT indicated that at the end of 2022, all Thai commercial banks High financial indicators, with capital adequacy ratio (BIS ratio) of 19.4%, liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) of up to 197.3%, and non-performing debt (NPL) NPL coverage ratio reached 171.9 percent. It is not concentrated in any particular group of customers. Thailand also has a strong depositor care system with the Deposit Protection Institute (OIC). Currently, the Deposit Protection Fund amounts to 134 billion baht. The fund currently covers more than 98% of depositors, which are the majority of depositors in the country.
"For Thailand" 11 candidates for 400 constituencies expected March 17|"For Thailand" The list of 11 more MPs is expected to be finalized before the 400 districts are completed on March 17, reiterating the 310-vote mark to form a people's government. Today (13 Mar 2023) Pheu Thai Party leaders led by Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Party Leader, Mr. Bhumidham Vejyachai Deputy Party Leader, Mr. Visut Chayanarun Deputy Secretary-General of the Party and Acting Spokesperson of the Party, Ms. Linthiporn Warinawachararoj, announced that 11 additional Pheu Thai Party candidates in Northern, Northeastern, Central and Bangkok regions are expected to announce their candidates for the last time. An additional 11 candidates will be unveiled before March 17 in all 400 districts, thanks to all the candidates who have proven themselves through the nomination process. According to the target of 310 votes or more, it is a request to announce a handshake with the people to vote hundreds of thousands of votes to achieve the goal. Because the current constitution has a succession mechanism, even if it gets 250-270 votes, it may not be able to form a government. Only 126 MPs from the other party, including 250 senators, may elect the prime minister. He also emphasized 3 main factors for achieving the goal: the candidates, policies and candidates for the Prime Minister, whose names will be announced after the dissolution of Parliament. 1 person 1. Mr. Thoet Kiat Chinsaranan Candidate for Tak Province, Northeast Region Number of applicants 5 Udon Thani Province 1. Mr. Sarawut Phetpanomporn, 2. Mrs. Hatairat Phetpanomporn, 3. Dr. Panu Pornwattana 4. Mr. Watcharapol Khaokham and the prospective candidate Khon Kaen 1. Mr. Chatchawan Promratham Central Region 4 persons Saraburi Province 1. Miss Kanittanan Thiemprasert Candidate Samut Prakan Province 1. Mr. Prasert Chaikitdennapalai 2. Mr. Nitipol Boonpetch 3. Mrs. Salintip Sukwat and Bangkok 1 person 1. Mr. Arkarat Nitipon
Tumultuous! Police removed the woman against the prime minister from the area during the inspection.|The Prime Minister visited the government inspection area in Ratchaburi province amid the people who came to cheer and the people who resisted, leading to confrontation between officials and the people. A policewoman approached one of the dissidents and was taken out of the area today (March 13, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister visits Ratchaburi province Follow up on the implementation of large-scale projects and reiterate the government's work for the past 8 years. In addition to having supporters to support the Prime Minister. There were still dissenters who voiced their opposition to the incident before the Prime Minister went to Ban Pong Municipality Community Hall. Two dissident people stood in wait for the prime minister's procession, while shouting harsh criticism of the government, prompting plainclothes police to stand and ask them to leave the area. A woman refused, leading to a confrontation, with an undercover policewoman approaching the woman to get back into her private car and leave the area. Gen. Prayuth about this visit. During the meeting with the people, the Prime Minister reiterated the work of the previous government. At one point, he said that there was a group of dissenters outside, he did not know how he came, but he was not angry with the disagreements that arose because they were Thais together.
"Vishnu-Kot" Warn people in the government to be wary of campaigning. |"Vishnu" He warned people in the government to be wary of potentially risky campaigning – as well as the SAT issued a notice to the party leader from criticism of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's visit. The Prime Minister may be involved in a covert election campaign or not. Confirming that it is not a campaign because as a government, it has to work to run the country. He admitted that each field trip can be difficult to distinguish whether it is a campaign or not, and everyone in the government must be careful because they can easily be caught wrong, in line with the Election Commission's start campaigning for the election. MPs before the Royal Decree announce elections by disseminating election-related information for political parties and candidates. MPs use it as a guide to candidates for elections as well as a letter to alert the heads of all political parties to control and supervise party members. Not to violate laws, regulations, regulations, announcements and orders of the SAT and also reported that the SAT sent a letter to the leader of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. In the case of Mr. Trirong Suwankeeree's campaign speech in Nakhon Ratchasima province, which may be considered a violation of regulations. The Commission on Election and Prohibited Characteristics in the Campaign by reading related news "Rangsimant" Open the information quote "Police Officer S." Lobby help Senator "Chuvit" NACC inspects "Saksiam" in case of shareholding 
Chon Nan did not confirm whether Pae Thongtarn-Setha will be a roster MP or not. |Pheu Thai Party leader does not confirm whether Paethongtarn-Setha will also be a list of MPs.  Today (13 Mar 2023) Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Pheu Thai Party Leader Mr. Bhumidham Vejyachai Deputy Chief and N.N. Linthiporn Warinawachararoj, Deputy Secretary-General of the Party and Acting Spokesperson of the Party, jointly announced the "Think Big for All Thais" event on March 17, 2023 to unveil the candidates for all 400 districts. He said that if we are confident that the government is formed, it is not necessary to place the person who will be a minister in the top list of MPs and the party executive committee is considering whether Ms. Paethongtarn and Settha will also be on the list of MPs.
"Prayuth" Inspector General Ratchaburi - "Prawit" to 3 southern provinces to solve floods and droughts|Inspector General, Ratchaburi Confirming the past 8 years to move the country forward from now on If it remains, it will drive all dimensions of the economy with integrity and transparency while "Prawit" visits Surat Thani, Chumphon and Ranong provinces to accelerate the solution of flood-drought problems today (March 13, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister and their delegation went to the government inspection site. Throughout the government inspection mission in Ratchaburi province, there were both resistance and support groups, and the atmosphere at the spot where the resistance groups were found was tense, but the Prime Minister stated that he would not hold the blame for being angry with each other. Today, there are protesters who symbolically held up 3 fingers at the Ban Pong Municipality Community Hall and followed security measures to prevent the Prime Minister from having to face him directly. The police, both in and out of uniform, had to set up lines to intercept and deliver policy speeches. Reaffirming the government's potential and efficiency, the past 8 years have driven the country forward a lot, and after this, it will emphasize on all dimensions of the economy, stating, "In 8 years, I have worked with 36 Cabinet members, 20 ministries, hundreds of working groups. Tens of thousands of civil servants. Commanding work must be discreet and clear. If you accuse him of being an idiot, what do people say? Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister visited the government inspection site to monitor water management and progress of major water resources projects in the southern region of Surat Thani, Chumphon and Ranong provinces. Gen. Prawit has assigned the province and the ONTC Integrate agencies in preparing plans for flooding and water scarcity situations and strictly implement 10 drought response measures. Read more: Breaking News! Police removed women against the Prime Minister from the area during the inspection of "Chon Nan". It is not confirmed whether "Pae Thongtarn-Settha" will also be a roster MP.
Farmers demand prime minister approves central budget of 1.4 billion to Rehabilitation Fund|Farmer Rally Network demand The government brought it in. Cabinet to compensate 4 state banks for debt restructuring and ask the Prime Minister to approve a central budget of 1.4 billion to EGAT Today (14 Mar 2023) Reporters reported that the Network of Farmers Federation of Thailand (CAT) Assemble Area Ratchadamnoen rd. Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives page. Led by Mr. Yosawat Chaiwattanasirikul, an advisor to the SET, will come this morning to pressure the government to bring the matter in. Cabinet on the issue of compensation payments to 4 state banks for debt restructuring according to the resolution The Cabinet on March 22, 2022, also asked the Prime Minister to approve the Central Budget for expenses in the business of the Office of the Rehabilitation Fund (EGAT) for the year 2023 amounting to 1,415 million baht.   
Van group rally in front A.Transport Claim for extended service life of the van|Van group rally in front of Ministry of Transport demand A.Transport He is then expected to go to the Prime Minister to present a letter to the Prime Minister at Government House. Today (14 Mar 2023) Reporters reported that various groups of van representatives gathered. In front of the Ministry of Transport are representatives of provincial van business associations, Bangkok-Metropolitan Public Van Association, Van Federation of Thailand, and Northern Van Federation in Chiang Mai. Entrepreneurs & Agents Category 1, Category 2, Category 3, Category 4 and 30 Banner Confederation nationwide led by Mr. Preeda Makmulpol President of Upcountry Van Business Association, Mr. Wutthipat Kongman President of the Van Federation of Thailand, Mr. Solas Promrak President of Chiang Mai Northern Van Federation, Mr. Panya Lertngim The president of the Bangkok-Metropolitan Public Transport Van Association gathered the objective to submit a letter requesting that all categories of public service vans across the country be resolved for a long time that have never been resolved. Expensive GPS minibus Impact of COVID-19 Unfair enforcement of laws and regulations Discriminate Lack of career stability Lack of government support After submitting the letter to the Ministry of Transport. He is expected to present a letter to the Prime Minister at Government House.
Farmers' Federation Confrontation Maghwan intersection, let's make way to the State House.|Farmers Federation of Thailand Network Attempted breakout to ask the police to open the Ratchadamnern Road to the Demand House. Help restructure farmers' debt today (14 March 2023) Farmers Federation of Thailand Network Group Gather around Ratchadamnern Road. Makawan Rangsan junction since this morning by 09:18 The network attempted to break through and asked the police to open the way. On Ratchadamnern Road to go to Government House with the aim of calling for the issuance of a resolution of the Cabinet to assist the approach. Restructuring farmers' debt by resolving the original demands made to four state-owned financial institutions Acknowledge the demands of the Farmers' Federation asking financial institutions to acknowledge the use of agricultural debts owed and to pay them to the four financial institutions which the government had previously approved. Financial institutions are concerned that if there is no regulation or resolution of the Cabinet to support or the person assigned by the Prime Minister, no one will be responsible for the allocation of compensation to 4 state banks. Van Front Rally Rehabilitation Fund A.Transport Claim for extended service life of the van 
"Thanakorn" confident that the officer detained the dissent does not affect the image of the Prime Minister - "Pa Na" prepares to report to the police |"Thanakorn" is confident that the officer detained the dissidents at Ban Pong district, Ratchaburi province, not affecting the image of the "prime minister" and stated that all parties can express their opinions but must be within the framework of the law. Today (14 Mar 2023) From the case of the authorities detained dissidents who came to express their opinions between Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, the prime minister, to the area in Ban Pong district. Ratchaburi Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana The Minister in the Prime Minister's Office spoke about the incident in which the police detained dissidents who expressed their opinions during Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's visit to Ban Pong district. He said that it must be understood that during the Prime Minister's visit, most areas will benefit from having some people who disagree can do so democratically. But everything must be in accordance with the law, and the police must understand that there can be repercussions between the people. The guidelines must be in accordance with international principles, the Prime Minister did not know before that there would be dissenters in the area. The Prime Minister understands that, but it must be said according to the law, while reiterating that everyone is Thai. We have to understand each other, but we have to listen to the police to see if the guidelines are international or not. Therefore, he thinks that if the police allow dissenting groups to express their opinions, it may upset the majority of those who come to welcome the Prime Minister. This kind of incident has happened in the past and confirmed that such incident does not affect the image of the Prime Minister because it is a different part. Gen. Prayuth is the prime minister of all Thais. Today, there are criticisms, but he wants to state that expression can be done, but only in accordance with the legal framework. Dissident groups should not be treated in such a way. Like or dislike to be decided in democratic elections, while worried about the dissolution of the party? The SAT warned the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party about bringing institutions into the election campaign. Mr. Thanakorn stated that it is a matter that needs to be listened to. The Prime Minister, as the party's chief strategist, has instructed all leaders to follow the rules. Police chief Gen. Damrongsak Kittiprapat spoke about the case of the police's duty to detain women with political dissent from the prime minister's official office in Ratchaburi province. Yesterday that the police were in charge of all groups. Whether it's the opposition or the government, and because the Prime Minister is the leader in the government, As a policeman, he asked all parties to cooperate that they could have disagreements but did not want to use harsh words or behavior that risked breaking the law, the police chief added. It was reported that the policewoman had her finger bitten. I repeat to look at the factual report once again. Initially, the Ratchaburi police had already prosecuted the person, the police chief said they were investigating whether the officer's actions were in accordance with the law or beyond the seriousness. It is the right of such person to report to the Police Division, but everyone must accept the consequences of their actions. He reiterated his request for cooperation in the run-up to the election. Do not want to be done to create a different image of different people. Pol. Gen. Damrongsak said the police security action plan in case the Prime Minister will go to the area next time that he must be extra careful because he is worried that the supporters may hit the side that does not cheer for the police will try to bring peace and order and insisted that justice will be given to both sides, which are already Thai people together. As an officer performing his duties. If an order is issued to do something and does not comply, it is considered to be disobedience to the order or deducted to arrest the offender and then there is an obstruction or fight, it will be considered an obstruction fight again. Please be careful in this regard as the latest Mrs. Wantana Othong will travel from Ratchaburi. Report the offense to the officer on all related charges by coming to report to the Police Division, Phaholyothin Road, at 13.00 hrs. 
Open file 13 projects to the last cabinet|Open 13 proposed project files The Cabinet abandoned the government's last appointment. Gen Prayuth before dissolution of parliament next week Cabinet meeting (March 14, 2023) This is the last appointment before the dissolution of Parliament next week. There are 13 projects that have been submitted to the Cabinet for consideration as follows:  
"Srisuwan" Sing the SAT exam "Viroj" to give away the talisman cloth chasing 3 years may be wrong Election km  |"Srisuwan" Sing the SAT exam "Viroj" whether the candidate of the far-reaching party to distribute talisman cloth to chase 3 years illegal election today (14 May 2019). (2023-Mar-23) At 10.00 a.m., Mr. Srisuwan Janya, secretary-general of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association, submitted a petition to the Election Commission (SEC). To provide clues to inform the inquiry and ruling after Mr. Viroj Lakkhanadisorn that the candidate of the House of Representatives of the party stepped forward. He posted messages and pictures on his Twitter and Facebook accounts about whether he had prepared a 3-year talisman to distribute to people at Siam Square on March 12, 2023, in violation of the election law. Pointing out that it was an election campaign in front of the people at Siam Square. Khet Pathumwan Bangkok because "Yant cloth" is considered a type of property with a preparation price, which will be cheap or expensive, not important, but not in the conditions that the regulation Therefore, such action may be in the nature of giving property or any other benefit that may be calculated as income. Such posts may be slanderous, false, or misleading. in the popular vote of a candidate or political party, which is in violation or contrary to Section 73(1) or (5) and Section 159 of the Election of Members of the House of Representatives Act 2018 and/or may be contrary or violated. Article 18 (3) of the Election Commission Regulation on Campaign Methods and Prohibited Characteristics in the Election of Members of the House of Representatives, B.E. 2561 (2018). The offense may also be punishable by imprisonment from 1 year to 10 years or a fine ranging from 20,000 - 200,000 baht or both, and the court may order the revocation of the person's right to vote for a period of 20 years. 
Sasin pointed out that no party has raised environmental policy yet. Announcing the candidacy of "Deputy Prime Minister"|Chairman of the Succession Foundation "Sasin Chalermlap" Political parties are even starting to vote. But no party is clear about the environment. Even now, PM 2.5 is nothing anyone is doing. Suggest future governments should announce "Deputy Prime Minister for Environment" as the choice of the new generation today (March 14, 2023) Thai PBS Online inquire Mr. Sasin Chalermlap Chairman of Suebnakasatien Foundation about the environmental policies of the political parties that are starting their campaigns now. Sasin said he hadn't seen much yet. As far as it looks, no one even cares about the environment. There are some people trying to modernize the management of areas with forest resources, including conservation forests, national forests, economic reforestation to complete the plan or according to the goal of the National Forest Board that wants to have 40 percent forest. I don't see any policy that says it's going to save the forest or what. I haven't seen anyone come out yet. I still don't see if politicians care about these things, including maritime. The main concern is that the issue of fisheries is important to revive the events before IUU Fishing, which has not seen anything clear from all parties. No one paid attention to reporters asking what they expected to see political parties do. Mr. Sasin said he would like to see the real one, with any party that cares about the environment. I want people to be interested in the environment and use it as a campaign policy, so we can choose the right party to choose. I don't see myself. Is there any party with any intentions other than Warawut? Artisan, which I have been doing for 3 years, I can see what I have achieved, which is really not an individual, but a party. There are environmentalists in the party who show what they want to see, which is not there when asked what kind of politicians or ministers our country will see who work on the environment. Sasin said the person who actually has to take care of the environment is a deputy prime minister. How do people who take care of environmental policy take care of PM 2.5? Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan And who will the next generation be who will manage the forests and the sea, which is a very big deal, and this person is very important. If politics sends a candidate for deputy prime minister on the environment, This one's going to be clearer. People who are going to be Minister of Natural Resources again, let's do bigger things at the policy level.
Election "Sai Moo", who will stay, who will go?|"For Thailand" visit Korat prostrate Ya Mo Hom Sabai-sacrificial set "Ung Ing" drew a sword to declare victory, the sword fell from the platform and put the arm "Big Tu" while paying homage to King Naresuan at Ayutthaya Nai Chuan escaped. Chairman of the Democratic Party Advisory Board beat the drum to win Big Pom. Opening speech Defeat Enemy Fortress Area These images appear every time. When political party leaders go to the polling grounds, and not only during the election season. When the election results are completed And some leaders have already been allocated, often having to go to worship sacred things, including those who are in the ministry of sacred things in nature, thus reflecting the image of knowledge that teaches people about the moral system through worship. Respect, Responsibility Self-estimation and not supernatural bosses if psychoanalytic explanation Worship of sacred things helps human beings feel secure and safe in life if symbolically explained. Faith is expressed through concrete and tangible symbols. Light Scrub Lecturer, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, Khon Kaen University Explain that faith and politics are inseparable from Thai society and Thai people. Faith is an intangible form of culture. There are both visible and invisible. Beliefs are used to negotiate with certain powers, so they are created to control human behavior in society and are reflected in rituals, anthropological scholars say. It reflects that Thai people still believe in superstitions and sacred things, which this kind of belief does a good job, but whenever the belief is crushed or discredited by one of the parties, it is wrong or if the sword falls on the hand. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Prime Minister candidate in the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party account and swollen hands. Even though the hand is already inflamed, it is linked to a bad omen or a bad omen. It did not analyze that the sword laying was not stable enough, it fell just like in the case of Miss Prathongtarn Shinawatra, the head of the family for Thailand, went to pay homage to Thao Suranari Monument or Ya Mo because in symbolic terms, Ya Mo is a person. Instead of the sacred things of Nakhon Ratchasima province. It shows that they want to entrust themselves as descendants to what Korat people respect. Therefore, he wants the Pheu Thai Party to play a role in Mr. Chakraphan's area. It is said that rituals and beliefs are used to establish righteousness. Mental stability or negotiation with some kind of power, and no matter how much time has passed, The belief in the supernatural will remain with Thai society from a sociological and anthropological perspective. But this kind of belief has also spread to countries around the world and neighboring countries such as Myanmar. Major military leaders, whether General Tan Shuai or General Thein Sein, have also changed their names to strengthen their power. Politics has clearly adopted more and more competitive symbols, such as the Pheu Thai Party, which uses red. The Democratic Party uses blue. Just like political parties in Canada, colors are used to make them easy for people to remember. Many social media platforms have also been used in campaigning, especially in urban areas. Campaign vehicles and leaflets were dwindled. As for the changes made to the applicant. District MPs are the prefix that candidates who used to use the names "Teacher...." or "Lawyer..."will disappear, but the title will use more "Dr." Proponents of diversity, ethnic groups, gender diverse groups are using the space to move society with more background. There are more educational qualities, although the social context has changed, but society and mind are fragile. Humans need to find anchors, even politicians running for election.
NACC reports allegations against "Pol. Gen. Chakthip" in the procurement case of intelligent surveillance electric vehicles|The NACC has charged Maj. Gen. Chakthip Chaijinda with 46 people in the case of purchasing 260 smart surveillance electric vehicles worth more than 900 million baht. FY 2018-2019 after 'Big Joker' Request an exam today (14 March 2023) Mr. Niwatchai Kasemmonkol Secretary-General of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) said that the The NACC chief resolved to report the allegations to Maj. Gen. Chakthip Chaijinda. When he was the Commissioner of the Royal Thai Police (Police Commissioner) with 46 people in the case of purchasing 260 smart surveillance electric vehicles worth 900 million baht. The notification of such allegations is in accordance with the procedures of the law. He added that the next step will give the accused an opportunity to clarify the allegations under the law. The deadline is within 15 days after receiving notification of the allegations and can submit a letter requesting postponement of clarification at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The NACC will decide whether to allow the postponement of clarification for the case last month. May 2022 Board of Directors' Meeting The NACC General Committee approved the resolution of the Sub-Committee on the Screening of Allegations of Public Sector Corruption. 1 Propose the appointment of an inquiry committee. The NCC has 9 members as a body) with Ms. Supa Piyajitti as the director responsible for the expression for the inquiry on this matter. There are cases of approval to use the procurement method by the selection method. Is the Procurement Act 2560 and the Ministry of Finance Regulation on Procurement 2560? Does purchasing by selective method cause fair price competition? Whether the central pricing is overpriced and whether the absence of penalties and amendments to additional contracts is beneficial to the private contractors. 260 units with a credit limit of over 900 million baht. In the aforementioned fiscal year 2018-2019, Genius Traffic System It appeared in the media in early 2020 as the second project after the Biometrics Enhancement Project Phase 1 with a credit limit of 2.1 billion baht. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal When he was a special adviser, The Prime Minister's Office revealed to the media that he was shot at by a car assailant on the night of January 7, 2019, believed to have originated from his time as the Immigration Police Bureau Commander and ordered an audit of the Biometrics Enhancement Project Phase 1. The police chief at that time, Maj. Gen. Chakthip, had to cancel the project due to delays and failed to deliver the work in time. NCC Inspection 
Last Minister raises salary "Kamnan-Manager-Sub-District Doctor-Senator Kamnan" |Cabinet approves increase in remuneration Resident Chief, District Physician Inspector Kamnan Assistant Head of House Administrative Department and Assistant Chief of Peace Department today (March 14, 2023) Anucha Burapachaisri, spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office, announced the outcome of the Cabinet meeting. Cabinet approves increase in remuneration rate Kamnan, Chief Resident Physician Inspector Kamnan Assistant Chief for Administrative Affairs and Assistant Chief for Peace Keeping Detail As follows(1) Increase in the remuneration rate Chief, etc., correction form, conclusion. - Manpower 7,036 rates, remuneration 12,000 baht/month (increased amount of 2,000 baht/month)- Head of house, manpower 67,673 positions, remuneration 10,000 baht/month (increase of 2,000 baht/month)- District Physician Manpower 7,036 Position Compensation 6,000 baht/month (1,000 baht/month)- Inspector Kamnan Manpower 14,072 Positions, Remuneration 6,000 Baht/Month (Increase of 1,000 Baht/Month)- Assistant Head of House Administrative division Manpower 149,418 Rate, remuneration 6,000 baht/month (increase of 1,000 baht/month)- Assistant Chief of Peacekeeping Department Manpower 46,181 Position Remuneration 6,000 Baht/Month (Additional amount of 1,000 Baht/month)(2) Increase the remuneration rate for the position The original running step from 200 baht per year In the case of 2 steps, the penalty will be increased from 400 baht per year to 600 baht per year. This includes the budget from the increase in the remuneration rate. The correction amounted to Baht 4,393.50 million per year and the running step amounted to Baht 402.15 million per year, totaling the total amount. 4,795.65 million baht per year, a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said. Used since 2017, no improvements. As the economy and the cost of living increase, many agencies have already adjusted salary or remuneration rates. Therefore, the remuneration rate for this position is to boost morale in the performance of duties. chiefs, etc., and in accordance with economic conditions. It is comparable to the remuneration of other government officials, including council members of local government organizations in the same area.
Cabinet gives green light to "Big Rock" project to connect internet in all sectors|Cabinet gives green light to open high-speed internet expansion network to improve quality of life Big Rock Budget Project to connect destination networks in all sectors Today (March 14, 2023), the Cabinet meeting approved the opening of the high-speed internet expansion network for quality of life improvement (Big Rock Budget Project) in accordance with the Open Access Network principle proposed by the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society in order to provide last mile access to all sectors. To reduce redundancy in telecommunications infrastructure investment, the Big Rock project's network opening under the Open Access Network service criteria has already implemented a total of 40,976 ports, of which 3,342 are for schools. 1,671 sub-district hospitals and Suksala target 1-2 ports each, 8,573 ports for public benefit and 29,061 ports for last mile connections to open access networks. The Cabinet also resolved to acknowledge the transfer of assets under the Net Pracharat Project and the High Speed Internet Expansion Project to improve the quality of life (Big Rock Budget Project) to the Office of the National Digital Economic and Social Commission (NESCC) in accordance with the resolution of the Digital Committee at its meeting No. 2/2022 on December 9, 2022. Read more news around the day: "Aunt Wantana" Report back to the officer locked up - silence the last minister salary increase "Kamnan - Director - Sub District Doctor - Senator Kamnan"
"Anutin" does not accept the "Orange Line" in time with this government, pointing out that the Minister is concerned about the law.|"Diary" To clarify the Orange Line project, it was not immediately submitted to the next government for implementation. The reason why the agency is waiting for the court's verdict is not related to "Chuvit" unfolding, reiterating not to be serious, confident that it was created today (March 14, 2023). Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, spoke about the consideration of the Orange Line auction project in the case of Mr. Athirat Rattanaseth. The Transport Minister withdrew the agenda from the meeting. He stated that if he considers that it is not appropriate to continue, he has the right to withdraw the agenda and the reason for withdrawing the agenda is due to hearing from government agencies and several ministers may exercise their discretion in withdrawing the matter. Another Cabinet meeting? Mr Anutin said: "There will be more?" but it depends on the Ministry of Transport because next week there will be a cabinet meeting. The agenda for the Orange Line project cannot be taken into consideration for approval. But the bidding process is still ongoing, but if not signed, construction cannot begin. He reiterated that the reason for the Cabinet's withdrawal was not related to the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, who noted corruption in the project, but the Cabinet was concerned. Legal matters and pending lawsuits. Deputy Prime Minister for Legal Affairs spoke about the consideration of the agenda of Today's Cabinet, which takes longer than ever, says it's not because it's locked with a deadline. If the Parliament is dissolved, many matters cannot be considered when asked if there is news that the Parliament will be dissolved on March 20. The Cabinet cannot approve projects. Mr. Vishnu replied that he did not know what date but Tuesday, March 21 there was still a meeting. Cabinet as usual for cases where the Orange Line project has not been approved by Today's Cabinet, because at the meeting, The Cabinet still has disagreements and many parties agree that it is appropriate to wait for the decision of the Supreme Administrative Court that is close to ruling. The Orange Line project is on the agenda because it has just been proposed because it is difficult to seek opinions from various agencies and admits that it is difficult to propose in this government. If the Cabinet does not approve it beforehand, it will be stuck on the grounds that Article 169 (1), which refers to the Green Line and Orange Line projects, will not be considered in this government. 
"Big Pom" Yam "Suriya - Somsak" La PDR moves to Thailand|"Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan" Answering the question on the case of "Suriya Thrungruang - Somsak Thepsutin" moved the party to the Thai Party. Both have been identified. Confirming that it does not affect the party, Ub has 2 new members added to the party today (March 14, 2023). Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister, as the head of the Pracharath Power Party, spoke about Mr. Suriya Rungruangkit. Minister of Industry and Mr. Somsak Thepsutin The Justice Minister resigned from the Pracharath Power Party to join the Pheu Thai Wa Malakan Party. Gen Prawit also stated that he did not hold back the two. If anyone wants to go, they have to go. No one came to think of it and insisted that he was still strong and the leader of the party. Tomorrow (March 15, 2023) There will be 2 more members in the party, but I don't want to say who they are. In addition, Gen Prawit also mentioned that he was on leave from the cabinet meeting due to diarrhea. It is reported that for the 2 people that the Pracharath Party will launch tomorrow. 15.00 hrs. M.L. Korkasiwat Kasemsri and Mr. Teerachai Bhuwanathnaranubal, former Finance Minister during the government of Yingluck Shinawatra, former Prime Minister.
3 stages have been opened to reflect the future of Thailand that you want to see.|In the past 3 times, the voices of Thai people in each area have been reflected in the public forum in the Post-election campaign. To the future of Thailand that wants to see "various developments. We need to create local engagement mechanisms or allow local people to take advantage of these resources. I believe that Isaan people want to take the high-speed train to see their children in Bangkok, but how do they access fares?" To return to develop the country. In order to achieve sustainable agriculture, we want our future to be more decentralized. Knowledgeable and self-help "Part of the feedback from local people through the post-election campaign "Post-election vision of the future after the election organized by Thai PBS and its network partners to look forward to the future of Thailand that they want to see, which the public expects to see transition in various dimensions and believes that the future of the country will be better. The latest forum was held in Songkhla province on March 10 and Khon Kaen province on March 12 last year through the use of innovation to set up problems to find answers and participation processes to find a vision of the country's future after the election covering 6 issues: economy, income, state security, education, health, public health, society. Living space, and environment make for a variety of dream images. People expect to see a transition in various dimensions, including decentralization and quality of life. Reduce inequality Reduce monopolies and strengthen local communities. The first stage of Post-Election: A Post-Election Vision was held in Pattaya on February 25 to envision Thailand in the next 10 years. It is like a policy by the people and invites politicians and citizens. Representatives from various sectors from various professions jointly hacked the policy within 72 hours and designed 3 movie posters to project the country's future dreams. 
"Tiara" pushes women's rights to support equal political positions for men|"Tiara" that the candidate of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party pushes for the law on equal women's rights Increase the ratio of female workers to be equal to men. Ready to push for enticing laws in hopes of reducing online harassment Mrs. Rudklao Suwankeeree that the candidate Female MPs of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party (RTSO) Prepare to push for women's equal rights with men. Especially important political positions, Mrs. Tiara. He stated that the proportion of women working in politics should be increased to be equal to that of men. Because if you look at the demographics, it is found that the female population is 1.5 million more than men, so if you look at the proportional principle, it is thought that the ratio of female workers should be higher, both in government organizations as well as in important political positions. In addition, quotas should be systematically monitored and monitored to ensure serious action, as well as research that addresses "violence against women in the political space", where acts ranging from violence to sexual harassment make up 60% of the current problem of actual violence. Ruam Thai Nation Building Party He added that he personally agreed with the party's policies on three policies designed to prevent and remedy this problem: 1. Push for "Grooming Law", which is a law to prevent sexual abuse through cyberspace; Just having deceptive behavior can count as an offense. Meanwhile, Thailand has the second highest number of online harassment victims in the world2. Push for Chatbot and AI applications to help victims by using such systems to help in the complaint process, screening victims and referring cases to medical institutions and investigation processes for prosecution. In the physical education curriculum to equip young people with self-defense skills that can be used in times of distress, read other news "Prawit" Post reiterated ready to take over conflict "Nation of Men", former director of Government Savings Bank, sitting on the team of "Thai National Development" has opened 3 stages reflecting the future of Thailand that he wants to see.
"Pravit" The post reiterates, ready to move beyond conflict. |"Prawit" Facebook post Ready to reiterate confidence and lead to overcome conflict. Today (15 Mar 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister posted on Facebook. "General Prawit Wongsuwan" The content is as follows: Conclusion To "Overcome conflict"The team analyzed for me that the 5 letters no one disputed the essence of the content from the media and society, but some media members questioned whether it could be done or not, which means that if it can be done, it will be good for the country. Some media outlets complain that it is a bit long, it must be answered that society in general has both people who understand and do not understand, and the media itself may have different understandings. Between political media and economic or sports media. Especially society in general, that's why the team asked me to use a communicative approach. Facebook will explain better, clearer, because if I do what I'm not good at, namely an interview, which I'm not good at, it may be misinterpreted from what I want to communicate and will have to be corrected later. And for my opinion that I want the country to move forward, this letter is headlined as a summary to "transcending conflict," which I have already explained. In many recent papers, the problem of not understanding the concept of "conservative" and "liberal democratic" has been around for a long time and still revolves around Thai society today. Therefore, the team took this opportunity to explain that our country chooses to govern in a democracy, that is, to rule with a majority, that is, any candidate or political party that receives a majority of votes from the people will be considered a consensus of the people, which will result in that candidate being elected as a member of the House of Representatives, and if any party gathers a majority, it will form a government in the House of Representatives, which is democratic. In principle, this council is considered a "council of the people" and not a "council of politicians". It is normal to use the majority vote to resolve differences of opinion on the interests of the common good, which does not constitute a conflict, a conflict arises only when the resolution of the majority in the House is used on the interests of oneself and the allies and then claims to be a party resolution. Therefore, to violate the feelings of the people's opinions and there is a challenge from the media and society in case of conflict, which is considered important, but the council does not listen, giving the people the impression that the council is no longer owned by the people, but a council of politicians. The resolution of the council and ousting the government without thinking of a solution according to the democratic mechanism is to wait for the election, thus escalating the situation into a crisis that forced the military to bring out forces to end the problem, which means that the conservatives have regained control of power. This is what the team tried to explain to me time and time again to understand that the source of the problem originated from within the council but ended up outside the council after the "conservatives". Controlled power, but defeated every time. When gaining power must be elected in the opposite way, the "democratic side", despite always having the support of the people, who always have a majority, proved to be not powerful enough to resist taking control from a mechanism that truly has power over the power structure of the people. The global leaders of each era change their policies depending on the situation. Thai politics is also the policy of each party's national administration. Politics are being proposed. It is a good policy because it is scrutinized by the leading personnel of each party, but it would be a pity if those policies will not be implemented because they have to go against the government. I'm going to set up a selection committee to implement the good policies of all parties in my campaign. Make it happen without any disgust or discrimination. If those policies are beneficial to the people, so that the nation can move forward, this is politics that is on my mind. A politics that does not require a "decisive winner", "no side must lose", everyone must be aware of it. There is an urgent need to help each other. Working together to restore and develop the country to move forward with the changes of the world, I reaffirm that "I am not good at talking" but "I have a heart" that is big enough to accept differences of opinion in order to lead to "overcome conflicts". "The majority of the people" with the belief that "the country can move forward with democratic rule" is only a "democracy that is open to all groups of people to play a role", respects the "majority" but "is open to listening to the knowledgeable minority. What I would like to reiterate is "Believe me, as I believe in myself", that "I can do it because my heart is big enough", let's "overcome conflict" together", "We will live with a lot of disagreements, not with what we think", and will listen to useful conclusions with the principle in mind: "The present is to correct the past that has failed. "This is what many politicians are doing with the same mindset: moving the party from the government to the opposition or from the opposition to the government, which you can see a better future and will continue to do even if criticized.8 The past year has taught me to learn and think that what is better to do in order to lead to a better future is the right thing to do and to do with new ways of thinking. The part where I think it's right or wrong. Only the people will decide.  
"Nation Man", former director of Government Savings Bank, sits on the team of "Thai National Development"|Thai Development Nation Launching "Nation of Men", former director of Government Savings Bank, sitting on the economic team to attend the conference at the end of the This March Set up "Kanok-Peace" to sit as deputy leader of the party. Today (15 Mar 2023) Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha Head of the Thai Patana Party Mrs. Kanjana Silpaarcha Chairman of the Advisory Committee to the Party Leader, together with Mr. Praphat Pothasuthon, General Secretary of the Party. naeem abbas , Mr. Nikorn Chamnong and Mr. Santi Kiranan The party's policy and strategy committee jointly announced the launch of the economic team of the Thai Pattana Party, led by Mr. Chatchai Payuhanwichai, former director of Government Savings Bank, and pointed to him as the key man and brains of the party. Join the strategy team and at the party's plenary meeting on March 31. As party leaders, he will propose Mr. Chatchai, Mr. Kanok and Mr. Santi to sit as deputy party leaders to drive the party's economic policies. As the party secretary, he saw the efforts of the party leader to adapt to the people and believed that Mr. Chatchai would be the brains of the party and congratulated and thanked him for working together. He said he used to work at the Government Savings Bank and came to the Thai Patana Party with pink color, revealing that there were 5-6 political parties inviting him to join politics and decided to join the Nambile Political Party, believing that the Thai Patana Party would meet the needs of his work, especially the intention not to quarrel with anyone. Creative politics will propose good policies to society. The people and the country also stated that from past work experiences, Self-understanding of public and private mechanisms Believing in their own practices to make it easier for everyone to understand the economic angle so that they can solve debt problems, which currently has a lot of people with debt and we understand the debt problem very well, and launching a team of young people who will help work and believe that these people will understand the problems of the new generation well and can push them into government policies, Mrs. Kanjana added that the party's goal is to solve problems for the people and confirm the policies of the Thai Pattana Party. It must be a policy that stays with the people sustainably and allows people to stand on their own feet, give people ways to eat, and support the promotion of new jobs. Mr. Warawut also launched a new campaign banner that uses AR technology to help his campaign. Election 2023, which is a campaign sign that speaks. The demonstration will be conducted through QR code scanning, and there will be information to introduce and understand the party's policies, hoping to reduce the amount of waste, environmental policies after introducing the youth leaders. The party leaders also introduced the leaders of trade unions and savings cooperatives who joined the team to strengthen the Thai Pattana Party. A former MP from the far-right party who joined the party and is preparing to run for the Bangna district MP in the upcoming elections.
EOD investigates explosion in the middle of Red Cliff Forest Found explosive wounds. |EOD team investigated the explosion in the forest of Pha Daeng National Park, Chiang Mai province after 2 people were injured by forest guards. The unsub used vines to camouflage pedestrians to stumble. Progress on the case of forest protection officers of Red Cliff National Park, Chiang Mai Province, injured by a bomb while patrolling the area between the forest boundaries in the Nopha Daeng area. Chaiprakarn - Arunothai House Chiang Dao Today (15 Mar 2023) Mr. Adit Rawiwan, Head of Red Cliff National Park, Chiang Mai Province Revealed that Red Cliff National Park officials with EOD kit, Provincial Police Investigation Division Region 5, Chaiprakarn Police Station Soldiers of the 3rd Cavalry Regiment, Phadok Control Division, Chaiyanpower Task Force jointly inspected the scene of the explosion and injured 2 people, the incident occurred on March 14, the results of the inspection found a hole about 50 cm in size and 10 cm deep in the pit found aluminum debris. It is thought to be used as a container for low-explosive substances (gunpowder) and small wires used to assemble IEDs. Fragments of a ball-bearing grenade were found and the EOD determined that the power source was supposedly from a button battery, which was embedded in the IED The unsub intended the victim to cause the explosion by lighting a tripping wire, which used vines to block the path to stumble on the cause of the crime, pending investigation for the injured officer 2. You're Mr. Attapol Burden Day. He was injured in his right ear and Mr. Sathien Pinitdriwan suffered injuries to his face and right knee and was treated at Chaiprakarn Hospital. Mr. Attapol Charoenchansa Acting Director General of the National Park Department Fauna and Flora Assigned Mr. Kritsiam Kongstri, Director of Conservation Area Management Office 16, to be the representative to bring Mr. Warawut Silpa-archa basket. The Minister of State and the Permanent Secretary visited and handed over financial assistance to officials from the welfare fund. 30,000 baht per person and 5,000 baht each from the Conservation Area Management Office 16 Fund to encourage the injured officers and praise the troops for their dedication and sacrifice. Have good morale and resume the duty of conservation of forest resources and wildlifeRead related news now! A forest guard stepped on a bomb in the middle of Red Cliff Forest and was injured. 
AO prepares to supply new Airbus-340 |The Air Force is preparing a 2024 budget to procure a new Airbus-340 to replace 18 years of used aircraft, replace the SAAB radar and move forward with the U.S. F-35 procurement program.
Today (15 Mar 2023) Gen. Alongkorn Wannacar Air Force Commander Identify the preparation of the 2024 budget plan for the Airbus-340 aircraft procurement project. A new one. Replace the old one. After more than 18 years of service and expected to be decommissioned in 2026, the Air Force chief reiterated the need to replace the aircraft. Despite the relatively high budget. Therefore, I want people to understand the mission of the Air Force as well. As for the progress of the F-35 acquisition project, which is set for the 2023-2026 budget, a letter of intent to move forward with the project has already been made, but is awaiting a response from the U.S. government on whether to sell it. Accept that a risk management plan must be prepared to support it. For the Air Force's aiming machine. If the U.S. does not sell F-35 aircraft, such as SAAB-340 or "F" family aircraft, the Gripen dealership will not be able to sell them. Air Force Commander Confirmed. It's a normal relationship because there's a Gripen aircraft maintenance program.
"Settha" welcomes letter "Overcome conflict" - "Phadimchai" and holds "Warawut", the leader of the new generation|"Setha" looked at the letter. Gen. Prawit "transcends conflict" is a good thing. Meanwhile, Ban Yai Nakhon Pathom "Phadimchai" confidently won the election battle. Raise a policy to solve villagers' problems on the spot today (March 15, 2023) At the market in front of the Confederation and the Confederation Sports Ground Flat Klong Chan Soi Nawamin 6 Mr. Settha Thaweesin Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand spoke about Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan's letter. Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the Power Pracharath Party, who spoke about the conclusion of the conflict even though he had not read the letter, but when he heard the word "transcending conflict", it was a good sign because he had spoken many times on this issue, adding that he now only looks at the Pheu Thai Party because it aims to get the most votes. During this period, it is important to formulate policies and disseminate them to the people of the country to listen to the approval of a budget pouring into hundreds of billions at the meeting. In the last match, Mr. Setha saw that it was a matter of management, as well as the increase in remuneration, the chief of the house saw that increasing income was a good thing, but also looked at where the country's fiscal discipline is, not looking at the numbers. Mr. Somsak Thepsutin and Mr. Suriya Rungruangkit MPs of the Power Pracharath Party moved to the Pheu Thai Party. He welcomed and believed that all the MPs who would move had faith in the party's "real and big" policy and would help each other to reach its goal. Today (15 Mar 2023) Mr. Padimchai Accumulatsap, MP for Nakhon Pathom, Thai National Development Party (NDP) Big brother, big house, wealth and past. The Labour Minister spoke about the preparation for the election of MPs that he and his team of candidates The Thai Pattana Party in Nakhon Pathom province is fully prepared because it sticks to the area, knows the problems of the villagers and solves problems for the people of the area for a long time. Seriously tackle labor problems. Thai workers who had traveled to Israel to work were charged a high price bounty until they were in debt until they could send workers to work and cost no more than 70,000 baht per person. Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha The leader of the Thai Pattana Party before he washed his political hands. I want to see the new generation become leaders to solve the problems of the nation. Confident with Mr. Warawut's qualifications and potential, he will do as well as anyone elseRead more political news: "Tiara" pushes women's rights km. to support sitting in political positions equal to men "Prawit" The post reiterates, ready to move beyond conflict.
"Pravit" Launching "Teerachai - Korakasiwat" to join the team "Diary" of political deals|Power Pracharath Party launches "Teerachai - Mom Luang Korkasiwat" to join economic team while "Prawit" Tell me to share a meal with "Diary" It's normal. Prepare to capture political polarity today (March 15, 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan As head of the Pracharath Power Party, Former Finance Minister Theerachai Bhuwanathnaranuban and young businessman Mom Luang Korkasiwat Kasemsri said they will help strengthen the party's economic team. In the preparation of economic and energy policies, together with the existing economic team, including Mr. Mingkwan Saengsuwan, to maximize the benefits for the people while reiterating that the Power Pracharath Party has many economic teams to work for the country and the people. It leads to the improvement of people's well-being. Therefore, I would like to leave the media to tell the media that the Power Pracharath Party has a strong economic team, not without an economic team, and insisted that it does not want to fight with the economic team of any party, but to fight the problem of poverty of the people. Gen. Prawit asked all parties to be patient and wait for the economic policy of the Power Pracharath Party to come out further because the Power Pracharath Party works as a team. Give the team time to work together to complete the policy. The policy in the campaign will be announced gradually, and if there is a photo of dining with Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, as the leader of the Proud Thai Party, it is eating as usual. Can't we eat? Whether it is considered to be preparing to capture political polarization or not is a matter for the media to think among themselves, as Mr. Teerachai thanked Gen. Prawit for joining both politics and the Pracharath Party. The main reason for deciding to join politics with the Power Pracharath Party is because of the concept of the economy that is consistent and the view that Thailand will face major problems related to the economy in the next 3-4 years related to external factors. This is in line with the book "Reset Thailand" written in 2017 and sees that solving economic problems must overcome the conflicts of individuals. The post reiterates, ready to move beyond conflict.
The Prime Minister expressed his condolences to his family over the death of "Inspector Kant".|Government Spokesperson Reveal the Prime Minister My condolences to the family of a stressed police officer who died. Not wanting to cause any loss, he ordered the police chief to closely monitor the situation and provide assistance. Remedy the people in the area today (16 March 2023) Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs Acting as spokesperson for the Prime Minister's Office Prime Minister and Defence Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha has instructed the Royal Thai Police Chief. Take care of the situation as well as instruct all relevant agencies. Following up and assessing the situation and supervising officers under the command not to cause similar incidents again, a spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office revealed that in the case of police rank officers of the rank of Lt. Col. under the Special Branch Police, there was a frenzy. The shooting in the Sai Mai area frightened the people in the area and the use of tear gas was used, which according to the assessment showed that more than 20 households were affected, and the person was arrested and later died. Condolences to the family of the deceased police officer. The Police Commissioner shall assess the situation and take action in a concise manner to prevent any impact on the lives and property of the people in the area. In case of damage to health, property and houses of the people, the Royal Thai Police shall be responsible for taking care of the people in the area as well. The Prime Minister is concerned about this kind of incident. Command all units, especially the military. Police provide physical and mental health care of subordinate officers and report hierarchically to prevent incidents from happening again.
Partylist MP resigns Open the door for new MPs to receive welfare.|Open loopholes Partylist MPs resign Queue up to receive welfare including medical expenses and tuition fees for children. Solve regulations, close loopholes. Dreaded Parade MP resigns Near the dissolution of the Parliament, he hopes to win the Swiss right. Even Mr. Vishnu Kruangam The Deputy Prime Minister will indicate that the draft decree has been prepared. It is expected no later than March 20. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister is likely to dissolve Parliament to allow all political parties to enter competitive mode during the regular election season, but if you go back only 2 months before this period, while many political parties have made various movements, including focusing on the selection of candidates for district MPs and the list system, while many people gradually resigned to find a new party, at the end of every parliamentary session the names of new MPs will be promoted and moved up, especially the list system MPs, whether from large political parties or small parties. The next person on the list will be appointed as an MP. In addition to getting a profile as a new politician. Walking into the council for less than a month before becoming a thing of the past. MPs when announcing the dissolution of Parliament but stepping in as a politician Even if it's only for one month, they receive non-salary compensation. If there is still the issue of obtaining welfare rights as a former member of parliament. There are quite a few medical expenses. Tuition fees for children, funeral expenses and disability cases Mr. Boonyod Suktinthai The former Bangkok MP commented that the privileges of parliamentarians are in accordance with the law. Part of that comes from the budget and the funds of parliamentarians who hold office. Congressmen, whether they are former "In the past, the number of MPs in the House was not large and most of them were former MPs, the ratio was 70:30, so there was no budget burden. Former officers have expired. Later, the budget was adjusted from the original monthly pension for life to 2 times the tenure of the office. The monthly rate is 9,000 - 35,600 baht," said the former Bangkok MP. Inpatient reimbursement 50,000 Baht/year Outpatient reimbursement of 30,000 baht/year or education of children can be withdrawn from elementary school to bachelor's degree with disbursement not exceeding the rate specified by the Comptroller Department. The 1st and 2nd (non-adopted) can be reimbursed for both public and private educational institutions in Thailand only in case of provident funds. Receive monthly funding. The criteria for receiving the payment are according to the period of office (the tenure of office is counted only as an MP and Senator at the rate of 9,000 - 35,600 baht), in case of deceased, will receive 100,000 baht and a wreath fee of 1,000 baht. 5,000 baht/month, Mr. Boonyod noted for the district MPs who resigned. If the House has less than 180 days left, there is no need to hold a repair election because it does not want to waste the budget while the list of MPs does not have such a requirement, so the next MP can be promoted immediately. Therefore, in order to prevent relying on these welfare loopholes, the regulations for postponing the list of MPs should be adjusted to be close to the district MPs or have a period such as List MPs resigning for 6 months, the Parliament expires and will not be promoted to the rank of MP, which will be considered as reducing the burden of receiving welfare that the state must pay in the future if someone sees a legal loophole. using the resignation form in hopes of getting "Welfare" is more than getting a profile of a "former MP". How will Parliament close the gap? 
Open data 25 parties were called to dissolve the most "PT" parties, "PDP" ranked 2nd. |Open data 25 parties were petitioned to dissolve the "PT" party, the most "PDP" No. 2, found that the registrar has ordered the termination of 61 matters for unfounded reasons, leaving only 19 matters under consideration today (March 16, 2023). Reporters reported that from the previous case, The SEC received a request to consider disbanding political parties due to violations of Section 92 of the Political Parties Act 2017, and from the end of 2020 to the beginning of 2023, a total of 25 political parties received complaints, totaling 83 complaints. Of the 25 political parties that filed the most petitions for dissolution, 33 were Pheu Thai Party, 27 were resolved, 6 were pending, 15 were resolved, 11 were pending, 3 were pending, and 1 was withdrawn. The Democratic Party was petitioned 3 times, the New Power Tham Party was petitioned 3 times, the Progressive Party was called 5 stories, the Proud Thai Party was petitioned 2 times, the Khlong Thai Party was petitioned 2 matters, the Thai Sang Thai Party and the Prachachart Party were petitioned. National Development Party National Development Party for the Land Rak Thailand Party Phaengchon Party The Rak Santi Party, the Thai Pattana Party, the Motherland Party and the Public Party, which were each petitioned for 1 matter. The Registrar of Political Parties has already resolved all matters, in addition to the Thai Raktham Party, which has been petitioned for 3 matters, the Constitutional Court has decided to dissolve the party due to the reasons that have already been petitioned, 2 matters remaining, 1 matter is pending. Ruam Thai Nation Building Party Power Thai Rak Thai Party Pracha Tham Thai Party Thai National Power Party The Thai Teachers' Party for the People and the Thai People's Party were each petitioned and the matter is still under consideration for examples of petitions that were previously in the spotlight and that have been settled. Such as the petition to dissolve the Pracharath Party due to its inability to follow the policies that were campaigned for in the elections in 2019. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Elect a person as a minister or elect R.A. Thammanat Prompao is the General Secretary of the party. The party's willingness to Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha, who is not a member of the Leadership Party, overruled the petition to dissolve the Pheu Thai Party because of the permissibility of Thaksin Shinawatra, who is not a member of the Leadership Party. The operation of the party, both due to the fact that there are few letters to help the election campaign for the president of Chiang Rai Province, secret clips of talking to guide party members at the birthday party of Mr. Kriang Kalptinun. Section 112 of the Penal Code in the case of Gen. Pallop Pinmanee claiming Thaksin was removed from party membership, clips of the Pheu Thai Party holding Khun Phajaman Na Pompetch as party leader and ways to make the party win landslide, and a message appeared on the Pheu Thai Party's website. Invite people to unite to oust Prayuth or call for the dissolution of the party to move forward. In the case of party members using their positions as MPs to bail out protesters of the Liberation Youth Group, discussing the 2022 annual expenditure budget in the expenditure budget of His Majesty's government agencies, collaborating with the Rural Doctors Club to proactively test for COVID-19, allowing the progressive group chaired by Mr. Thanathorn Chuengrungruangkit to dominate. The decision of the Registrar of Political Parties to terminate the matter is an exercise of power under Article 7, paragraph 2 of the Regulations. The SEC on Gathering Facts and Evidence of the Registrar of Political Parties 2021 stipulates that in the event that the Registrar of Political Parties presents facts and evidence together with the opinion that there is no reasonable evidence to believe that a political party has acted under Section 92 of the Political Parties Act 2017, if The SAT agreed with the Registrar's opinion and informed the petitioner. In the event that the facts appear to the Registrar to order the termination of the matter, which the petition has already settled, the Office has already notified the petitioner of the 19 dissolution matters that are still under consideration, such as the case of evidence, the line of money transfer to the accounts of 6 MPs of the small party, the appointment of Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue, who is politically disqualified, as the director of the Pheu Thai family. The fact that Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra flew to meet Thaksin in Hong Kong, held a general meeting of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, which had a speech alluding to the Institute, etc. 
The SAT announced "Number of MPs - 400 constituencies" |The SAT has sent a notification of the number of MPs in each province and the division of all 400 constituencies to the Cabinet Secretariat for publication in the Government Gazette with 78 pages today (March 16, 2023). The Office of the Election Commission issued the document. Announcement of the number of members of the House of Representatives by constituency and the localities that make up the constituency which today the Election Commission (SEC) Considered the draft notification of the Election Commission on the number of Constituency MPs The number of constituencies and the localities that make up the constituencies are organized according to the form of demarcation of constituencies that The SAT has already passed a resolution. SAT proposed by The SEC approved the draft announcement. The SAT will send the matter to the Cabinet Secretariat for announcement in the Government Gazette as soon as possible, which contains 78 pages of documents containing the contents of the declaration of the localities that make up the 77 provincial constituencies. 
To oppose the SAT to divide Bangkok to violate the law to dread the election void|Pheu Thai Party opposes SAT election in Bangkok constituency type 1 Random risk of breaking the law Fear of voiding the election Q. Is the SAT responsible? Hijack back to 54-57 zoning style is most appropriate today (March 16, 2023). Miss TEERARAT SUDANVANICH Bangkok MP Khet Lat Krabang, Pheu Thai Party with Mr. Surachart Thienthong, MP, Laksi District Pheu Thai Party joined a press conference opposing the electoral division scheme of the Bangkok Electoral Commission, with Ms. Teerarat saying that she had seen the announcement from the office. SAT to SAT Bangkok that there will be an electoral division of The 1st type of SAT which the Pheu Thai Party is worried that it is against the election law in the past, there is hope that the SAT will hear the Pheu Thai Party's protests and therefore do not relentlessly try to make a louder press conference. It is considered an unfair electoral division called gerrymandering, where the authority deliberately changes the constituency line in favor of one political party. The people most directly affected are the public sector. Yesterday night, people complained that they were affected by zoning because they had determined to elect this MP to be their representative to continue working because they had worked closely with each other before. If the SEC insists on using Type 1 zoning, it risks breaking election laws and may eventually invalidate the election. The election will be void throughout the country. The SAT must redefine the constituencies and the number of MPs in each constituency and hold new elections. Stability of the nation political conflicts and the national budget if the election is annulled. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha will remain acting prime minister until the election is over, for which long no one knows. Meaning that the authorities are taking the nation and its people hostage to this damage, Mr. Surachart said that the 1-2 zoning will be based on balanced population figures. Types 3-4 are based on administrative principles. When we look at Section 27 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of MPs, the law establishes the criteria "to merge districts into constituencies" and to carry out the division of constituencies according to the conditions of the communities in which the people have regular contact in the same or similar manner." For example, the 32nd district of 1 Bangkok Noi sub-district merged with Bangkok Yai district and merged with some Phasi Charoen sub-districts, some sub-districts of Taling Chan district, and some sub-districts of Thon Buri district. When a fraction of each district is removed, it is evident that there is a distorted zoning shape, although the constituency race should be convenient for the people and the people are not close to each other. The Pheu Thai Party has already proposed that electoral districts should be held as close as possible to 2011 and 2014.
"Somsak" sees politics through Move back to Thailand to wait for government election|Wave goodbye to the Pracharath Party. Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, Minister of Justice and leader of Sammitr Group, said goodbye to "Uncle Pom". Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party Officially, today (March 16) at the Forest Conservation Foundation in 5 provinces to join the Pheu Thai Party if you look at the political game that is happening, just as the Pheu Thai Party announced its candidates. MPs from all 400 districts at Thammasat University on the afternoon of March 17 pressured the Sammitr Group to speed up their decisions. Sukhothai MP team Ban Yai Sri Samrong went to the area. Si Satchanalai and Si Samrong have already been arrested by 2 people, namely Mrs. Prapaporn Thongpaknam and Mr. Saksak Chaiwiratnukul, although earlier there was information that a secret deal was opened between Mrs. Yaowapa Wongsawat of the "Wang Bua Ban" façade and Mr. Somsak's Sammitr "Wang Nam Yom" group to make Sukhothai a landslide area. Power Pracharath Party and Mr. Universe Chaiviratnukul, former Sukhothai MP Moving back to the Thai Party, there is information that the current Sammitr group is left. Only 7-8 district MPs, this number does not include district MPs who are distributed with other parties. Although Somsak's name and the entire Sammitr group will be unveiled with the Pheu Thai Party on the afternoon of March 17, Somsak will not appear on the stage, a space that implies that in order to preserve the atmosphere and his former colleagues who used to be in the Pracharath Party together. But it is not forbidden if Mr. Suriya Rungruangkit Minister of Industry Another Sammitr leader will attend the launch if he will leave Tuan to open up at 2 p.m. on why the strike from the Power Pracharat Party and "Lung Pom" on the same afternoon at the "Noodle Restaurant" in the Sanambinnam district for Mr. Somsak's mission as Justice Minister will end at the same time as the change of party. The Minister is almost gone, except for some necessities left to "Sia Hank" Mr. Anucha Nakasai. The Minister of the Prime Minister's Office, who will oversee as the Acting Justice Minister, has been playing politics for more than 30 years. Mr. Somsak confidently said that he could not answer whether the party that moved to the party would become the government or not, but he must say that he had never been in opposition while he was an MP. Mr. Somsak will be confident that this life has never been opposition. When the news claims that he is scheduled to meet Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra soon.
Ready to dissolve the Parliament "Vishnu" Confirming the preparation of the bill.|Deputy Prime Minister The Act to dissolve the Parliament has been prepared, the Prime Minister can ask the King immediately without having to pass. If the SAT submits the issue of delimitation of constituencies to the government, it can be announced today (March 16, 2023). Mr. Vishnu Kruangarm vice-premier According to the procedure, the Prime Minister will lead up to the King and wait for His Majesty to come down, which the Prime Minister can bring up to the King without going through the Cabinet (Cabinet) and is the only decree that does not have to be passed. But in the past, the Parliament could not be dissolved because it had to wait. Mr. Vishnu also stated that the time frame for the dissolution of Parliament is not yet discussed, but it is expected to be between March 20-22 because if it is past March 23, it will 21 expire. Because there are many other agendas that the Prime Minister can consider signing. In the case of ministers moving to join the opposition party. However, if you are worried about political etiquette or uncomfortable, you can resign as part of the progress of Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn's submission to the SAT to investigate the case of the Prime Minister using state resources for the benefit of political parties. Mr. Vishnu stated that he must also look at the mission of the Prime Minister, who is currently not dissolved and that the Prime Minister must be responsible for the administration of the land plan government, as well as Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. As the Deputy Prime Minister who went to inspect the water situation and other ministers read other news, the SAT announced "Number of MPs - 400 constituencies" for Thai opposition. Bangkok zoning commission implies violations of laws, dreaded election void open data 25 parties were petitioned to dissolve the most "PT" party, "PDP" ranked 2nd 
Intensive police to receive the Prime Minister in Chiang Mai area March 17 - wiring to measure the popular vote|The Prime Minister continues to walk the line after going south of Ranong province tomorrow (March 17) to inspect the Chiang Mai government. Police expect tens of thousands of people to wait. Tighten security While scholars believe it is a popular vote walk, Anutin is ready to join hands with the "NHC" today (March 16, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister The government trip to Ranong province by following Shortage of consumer water of the people of Kampuan district. After the water reservoir in the area has been used for more than 25 years, the water pipeline has deteriorated and damaged. As a result, villagers lack water. The Prime Minister then met the people who were waiting to cheer by giving flowers to the Prime Minister and his team and sending greetings and encouraging and thanking them for coming down to follow up to solve the problem for the people of Ranong, while today the police and related agencies jointly checked the readiness of the security plan for Gen. Prayuth who will come to Chiang Mai province tomorrow (March 17), especially around the Chiang Mai International Convention Hall and Exhibition Hall, where about 10,000 people and related parties will come to greet them. Indicates that normal security measures will apply. primary No movement of the massesRead more news The SAT announced "Number of MPs - 400 constituencies"Asst. Prof. Malinee Khumsupa The head of the Office of Politics and Administration, Chiang Mai University, thinks that the Prime Minister's field trip should be a field trip to poll popularity. Because the topic that came to the government is not an urgent issue, such as the PM 2.5 dust problem that during the peak by tomorrow (March 17). The Prime Minister will visit Doi Suthep Temple to listen to proposals for the project to nominate Kruba Chao Srivichai as a world dignitary before meeting the people and follow up on the implementation of government policies such as the development and processing of local crops, as well as monitoring the solution of forest fires, smog, and fine particulate matter. After the Cabinet approved to increase the remuneration for MCU to 2,000 baht per month. Today presided over the opening of the workshop to clarify the guidelines. How to reimburse sick pay Although Mr. Anutin did not meet with members or political supporters today, the atmosphere was lively. There were many medical personnel and MCOs attending the event. Clarification of semi-acceptance of pictures sharing a meal with General Prawit Wongsuwan The head of the Pracharath Party said it was a normal dinner appointment. As the main leader of the ruling party, he actually talked about the political future between the two parties, read related news and dissolved the Parliament. Insist, prepare the draft. The House of Commons has already opened data on 25 parties being called to dissolve the most "PT" parties, "PDP" ranks 2nd.
Many parties disagree with the rezoning of Bangkok.|The SAT has already sent the announcement of the number of MPs in each province and the division of all 400 constituencies to the Cabinet Secretariat for publication in the Government Gazette, but many parties have expressed their opposition. Meanwhile, some parties petitioned the Administrative Court to revoke the announcement. Sgt. Mr. Attawish Suwanpakdee The deputy leader of the Chatpattanaklao Party submitted to the Administrative Court to request that the delimitation of constituencies for Bangkok MPs be revoked urgently because he believed that the announcement of the SAT confused the people as well as contrary to the Act on the Election of MPs that stipulated the zoning criteria to "merge districts into constituencies", which means that there must be major districts in the constituencies. Mr. Surachart Thienthong expressed his opposition and viewed that the principle of demarcation of electoral districts must be carried out according to the conditions of communities in which people have regular contact in the same or similar manner. The party had already proposed that the electoral districts should be adjourned according to the model as close as possible to 2011 and 2014. If the election is declared void. The current government has to act for a long time. While the public can not expect The same MPs who were close to each other before, let's continue to work for the Pracharath Power Party. Party treasurer Narumon Pinyosinwat admitted that there were overlapping candidates in some districts and had discussions with Sakonthee Pattiyakul. The head of the BMA team has already decided what to do. Expect to clear this week. expect At least 12 seats are equal to the 2019 election and all districts are believed to be highly competitive. Proud Thai Party Registrar Admittedly, there may be problems in some districts because some MPs have never been in that district before. The people themselves used to live in the same area as the MPs who were bound together before, but when the district is redivided, it may not be the same area. Once everything is calm, the candidates will be able to campaign while Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Leader of the Democratic Party He said he was ready to accept all the rules and no problem, but that some parts would have to be adjusted to reflect the changing constituencies after which the party would have to conduct primaries for individual voting, both the district system and the list, in accordance with the legal process, and set a target to send candidates to all 400 districts and the list of 100 candidates.  
Prime Minister of the Inspector General "Chiang Mai" listens to the problem of dust and smoke in the north|"Gen. Prayuth" went to Chiang Mai province to listen to the problem of dust and smoke in the north Before the mission, they paid homage to Kruba Srivijaya Monument, with a number of people shouting against and holding up banners symbolically today (March 17, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister went on a mission trip to Chiang Mai province by the first point to pay homage to Kruba Srivichai Monument. At the foot of Doi Suthep Amid police security in the area as the Prime Minister left the Kruba Srivichai Monument area. Two people held up banners and shouted against the trip. The police took control of the situation without any violent incidents. Went to Doi Suthep Temple to listen to proposals to support the master plan of the project to nominate "Kruba Chao Srivijaya" as an important person in the world. In the afternoon, the Prime Minister will meet the people at the Commemoration of His Majesty the King's International Convention and Exhibition Center and follow up on the government's policy and listen to reports on the situation and solutions to forest fires, smog, and PM2.5 in Chiang Mai province. To follow up on the potential development of the elderly in Chiang Mai province before returning at around 5.00 p.m. Read other news Intensive police receive the Prime Minister to Chiang Mai area March 17 - Wiring to measure the popular vote and dissolve the Parliament "Vishnu" Insist, prepare the draft. Many parties disagree. New Bangkok zoning
Commander of the Armed Forces insists on freedom of troops to exercise their right to vote - Campaign in the camp must adhere to the rules |The Bureau chief refused to criticize Gen Prayuth's political stance, reiterating that the cadet academy teaches everyone to be gentlemen. The Bureau issued an election manual based on the SAT confirming that troops cannot exercise their right to vote according to democratic principles today (March 17, 2023). Gen. Narongpan Jitkaew Commander-in-Chief He said that when the election is conducted in a circular and democratic manner with the King as head of state, they must go to the polls, which the Army has discussed with the Office of the Election Commission (SEC). One of the roles of the military is the people, and the Army tries to push the troops to exercise their rights as citizens in elections as much as possible. And according to the Army's guidelines, the issuance of troops' rights cannot be forced on anyone, while the installation of election signs alluding to the military, such as the policy of abolishing military conscription. If it is to be installed near the barracks, it must comply with the regulations of the SAT and according to the law, but the army will look at the safety of the premises. If there is a sign blocking the entrance and exit of the military unit, it is inappropriate and reiterates that it is normal for people to like and dislike the soldiers. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha is a soldier because everything depends on the perspective, like the teachings of His Holiness Putta-Master To, about six-sided mirrors. The SAT is not anyone can come in because the military is an area that is a security agency, Gen. Narongphan also indicated the political stance of Gen. Prayuth during this period and the case of being investigated in the case of overlapping between political and government work that he did not know, and Gen. Prayuth is considered the commander. Inability to criticize superiors
Opportunity to push environmental policy in "Election 66" through a "degree" perspective|"Degree" of Law Explain the success factors of "Germany" In making environmental policy – global warming policy become government policy. Through the election process of Mr. Parinya Dewanrumitkul Lecturer, Faculty of Law, Thammasat University Explaining how global warming is driven through government policies that can happen, citing examples of success factors in Germany that have turned environmental policy and global warming into government policy through the election process. Mr. Parinya explained that global warming and global warming, which translates from Climate Change, are now a major problem that threatens humanity. Let's see how in the upcoming elections. What is our political party's policy on this issue, and what are the key factors that make it happen? This can be the policy of the government. Through the election, I want to tell you the first story. In Germany's last election, two years ago in 2021, the Green Party went from 8.9% to 14.8%. Basically, the Green Party's Green policy, which focuses on global warming and climate change, is fully the policy of the German government, now he calls the German government a traffic light government because it consists of the Social Democratic Party, which is red, the Free Democracy Party, which is Liberal, liberal, is yellow, and the Green Party is green, so it is called a traffic signal government. It can be seen that Germany's party is the strongest. Light green is the result of the previous election. Dark green is now called Germany, surpassing all countries at the moment, Mr. Parinya added, what are the success factors Germany makes environmental policy? Global warming policy can become government policy. Through the electoral process, the most important issue is Germany's own electoral system, as we often call it a mixed proportional system. If translated into Thai In Germany's election system, people have 2 points, not 2 cards, but 2 points, on the left side is the vote for the constituency MPs, each district is the same as Thailand, and the other side is the list of MPs. This side is the score. MPs should have to compare the German electoral system to a simple understanding, they must compare it with the previous one-card election system. Our single-card system is both to choose district MPs and MPs to have them, Germany has separated MPs to 1 point, so it is simple, the election system is the same as in 2019, but the MPs must have 2nd points and they are drawn in one card. The "Green Party", which in fact is a party with very little strength in constituencies, is a so-called party with a small base of votes in constituencies. The Green Party's score is derived from the Party List score. Most Green Party MPs are List MPs, this is the electoral system. There are no points falling overboard, all the votes that the public chooses to go will become seats. The MPs in the House of Commons are comparable to the New Future Party. The New Future Party won about 16% of the vote, which became 87 MPs at the initial calculation, but in fact, the vote for the party choice or party list vote determines the total number of MPs of each party. The German system is actually a 100% proportional system, but there are only zonal MPs. It may be far from the people, I want to have a congressman, it's a mixed system, so why is the Green Party in America? That's why England can't report the birth. In fact, if you look at the election results, 42% of them say Independent, that is, they are not followers of both Democrats and Republicans, but they are forced by the electoral system to choose between Democrat or Republican, because if they do not choose one of these 2 parties, their vote will be wasted. So he had to choose between these two parties. If you don't like any party less, you will choose that party, the American election system is a district election system of 1 person per district, there are only district MPs, and the winner of the election is the one who gets the most votes without needing to get more than half the votes, this type of election system people have a tendency to choose only 1st and 2nd place because they choose the 3rd - 4th place all the votes are completely overboard, so this is a factor that the 3rd -4th -5th place party has never been born in the House at all, including the Green Party. In America there is the Liberal Party and there is the Green Party, but it has never been born in the electoral system, where only the Democrats and the Republicans have a monopoly on this election system. The English language is called First Past. The Post is abbreviated as FPTP. First is the first place. Post is the winning position. The winning horse is the horse that crosses the finish line first, regardless of how close or far away the others run, and how slow the first horse runs. This kind of election system was called by the British as First Past The post and became a worldwide term. Wasted Vote is the third, fourth, fifth party because the election will be a loser of the vote, so this election system has created a system of 2 political parties in America, including England, actually England has the Green Party, but there are only 2-3 MPs, there are other parties as well, but there are only 2 MPs. Labor and Conservative together 85% is a two-party system, if you say in terms of whether only two parties truly play a role, because Britain is the same system as America. The truth is said in reverse. America adopted this system from England, so the same goes for it. Countries that use this kind of electoral system are ordinary majorities in each district. Divide the constituency into one person per district. The winner does not have to score more than half the points. There is no place for medium and small parties, it is only a matter of large parties, so these countries, namely America, England, do not have a Green Party, and the bad thing about this electoral system is that it will eventually become a one-party system in practice, the conclusion is that the two-party system of America and Britain is not an option or should not be an alternative to Thailand. We only need a 3-4-5 party in this way. New policies to get into the council. If there were only two parties left, he would not have a new policy in Parliament. As was born in America and England. The 3rd - 4th - 5th party method is that the electoral system will look at the data that 15 countries with the strongest democracy in the world such as Norway, Sweden, Iceland, New Zealand, Denmark and others are 15 countries. There is no 100% at all, whereas the German system has both district MPs mixed with list MPs and another system, it is a proportional system that elects people, but it is the same proportional system. Because of his electoral system, he created a 3-4-5 party, because he saw that having only 2 or 3 parties would make new choices, new policies, respond to new changes, not enter the parliament. Here's the answer: the proportional electoral system is usually just about Germany. I would like to talk about another type of proportional system. Members of Thailand's House of Representatives tend to disgust district MPs because they feel that when there are fewer district MPs, they will be disgusted. Less enough Who's going to fail, who's going to be missing? The number of MPs is now back to 400. The zoning model actually has a roster electoral system that divides the district. We know very little about each other, so I'm asking permission to tell you that if you want the Green Party, The answer is the electoral system. It's not just the German system. There is another system, let's take Sweden as an example. Assuming this side is Voter's score, it will become a seat accordingly. There are people who think about environmental policy. Global warming policies are already massive, it will become a seat on the council accordingly, not a vote of water like Sweden, for example. There are a total of 349 MPs, which is a 100% proportional system, but the district is divided into 21 districts, one district has about 15-20 MPs. This would be an alternative to the simple fact that instead of a district, it is a district of 10 people, 15 people, 20 people, and a proportional vote. The major political parties might even like it, because each district has to be number one. Because each district is proportional and all parties get proportional votes. Here's an example of Sweden. It has the strongest democracy in the world. A country This is another option when looking at the policies of Thai political parties: What about the policies of Thai political parties now to vote in the upcoming elections? Have a policy on global warming or global chaos or the environment. Initially, it is evident that no party at the moment has adopted environmental policies. Global warming or global chaos is the main policy of even one party. The rest of the problem of undemocracy will focus on the stomach problem. But that doesn't mean there's no global warming policy. But it's not the main policy, do we have the Green Party in Thailand? We had the Green Party in the March 24, 2019 elections. We had a Green Party called the Green Party, but it didn't succeed because it didn't. Even one Thai MP. Not to see the name? View policies View working direction The party, which was likely to be close to the Green Party, was probably the progressive Green Party when it first entered the German parliament in 1940. In 1983, it was a party that made a difference, with MPs like NGOs, developers, small people, sitting in parliament on the same thing. We have never had a disabled MP, we have never had an LGBT, we have never had a tribe, we are an MP for the first time, and it is a result of the electoral system where every vote becomes an MP. Global Warming of the Progressive Party I took his conclusions from Workpoint. Allow me to tell you about my policy of focusing on PM 2.5 and the environment. I'm not talking about global warming. But it appears at the same time because PM 2.5 is also a result of global warming. It's not clear. Must see the party's announcement go a long way. then Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. I stood up to my knees and made a policy statement to say global warming. Flooding is becoming more frequent and repetitive. It appears that the only party at the moment that is writing it like this is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to net zero by 2050 or 2050, i.e. another 27 years.  This includes carbon monoxide. From the combustion of oil-powered engines and methane gas emissions, which are generated from food waste. This is caused by degradation and various measures have been taken to reduce this, including transportation. Change to electric trains, increase green spaces, have the issue of waste management, it can be seen that it is the party that has the most obvious policy on this issue, but as I said, it is one of many policies of the long way. It's not just the main policy, but it's the most obvious. When compared to other parties, it is not as clear, but there is this matter, it will be much less different from the Pheu Thai Party, which is predicted to get With most MPs in the upcoming elections, he's got more people to use the train. There is a push for clean air laws on burning forests and burning farms, which is one of the causes of carbon monoxide, there are related policies, but it does not seem as clear as the Progressive Party, the party headed by the minister. Referring to the head of the party, the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment is the leader of the party, the Thai Pattana Party seems to have a clearer policy. Compared to Thailand, the green economy is the main driving force. Focus on clean energy, increase forestry Reduce the use of private cars, it is called If compared to the Pheu Thai Party, it seems to be clearer, but it is still different from the Progressive Party, which is very clear, the Proud Thai Party seems to have a few points, but it is very important. The Story of Solar Loop Reduces Global Warming in Every Household. Electric buses, electric boats, either Bangkok or Win Electric are policies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from traffic and energy consumption, the Democratic Party has only the word environment, clean air. The issue of global warming, global chaos is still not very clear, which must be heard further while the Pracharath Party of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The selling point is about reconciliation, Gen. Prawit's chances of becoming prime minister are about reconciliation, for example, he can be a link between the two sides. He can be connected either with the Pheu Thai Party or with the Senator. This may not be an expression, but the meaning of reconciliation is that it connects all parties. Environmental policy or global warming is not visible at Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. It's not about the environment. Global Warming Now comes the important question: I have already concluded that Germany's Green Party is the strongest party. In the election two years ago, 14.8% of MPs were elected to 180 out of 700. The German Green Party has never reached 15 to 20 percent, or even half the people, Germany is one of the most environmentally conscious countries in the world. The German people are also one of the most disciplined and environmentally responsible people in the world. But why don't Germans choose the Green Party more, having only 5%, 8% or now 14% MPs, it's not even half. Why don't the Germans choose more than half? This graph will help tell us. The answer lies in the votes cast in each of the previous Green Party elections, as the story suggests: Germany had a 5% checkpoint, and the Green Party first broke through the 5% mark in 1983, and then four years later, it quickly reached 8.3. The question and the mystery is why in the 1990s it fell to 5.1, it should keep going up, why did it fall, plummet, and then slowly climb up again, it fell again, and then went up again, the question is, why did it fall so much from 5.6 four years ago to 8.3? Think of it as 100% MPs and they have to allocate according to their votes. A new party was born. Existing parties are fine. Fewer MPs. It's like a limited resource. When more people come to divide. Then it appears that the new party is the 4th party, but before Germany there was only the SPD or Social Democratic Party, which came out on the left, with the Conservative Party, the Christian Democratic Union of Germany, leaving towards the Conservative, and the middle party, the liberal free democracy party, there were only 3 parties, until in 1983 the Green Party broke through the 5% mark, becoming the 4th party, when he reached 8.3, what does that mean? Traditional policies The proportion of Germans came to choose the Green Party. In the 1990 elections, the former party was SPD CDU FDP found that if we do not have an environmental policy, we will not be able to do so. We will lose more seats to the Green Party. This led the SDU SPD FDP to put green policies into the party. He's got a green policy. The need to elect a Green Party is less. The next time, it fell to only 5.1, almost failing the exam, I asked about liquor, which is monopolized by only 2 major companies, we knew for a long time. Why is there no one to solve it? Or the issue of marriage equality has been around for 10-20 years. Why is Thailand moving so slowly? It is because there is a new party, the Progressive Party. At first, the New Future Party. They took this issue to ask why the existing party had to respond. Although progressive liquor did not pass, do not forget that the government pushed for amendments to the ministerial code in this regard. flexible rules, which monopolize so much, let it loosen down while In case of marriage equality Even if it fails, the Marriage Act is born. If there is no new party to bring this in, We're not going to have a marriage act. We will not amend the ministerial regulation to allow liquor to be made available to local people or local liquor at all, or even the Prevention of Torture Act. If there is no new party like the Progressive Party pushing into the Parliament or whatever party it is going to be. Other parties will not push along, but Thailand's problem now is that the main issue of Thailand We're still on the subject of being undemocratic. There is still the issue of senators electing the prime minister, there is also the issue of the constitution that inherits power, there is also the issue of constitutional free organization, which is the result of people exercising power. In particular, first- and second-time voters will be the ones who are important, it can be said that they are the most important. The first and second elections will be more mass elections than any other generation. In the 2019 election, since it had not been elected for more than 7 years, the number of first-time voters reached 5.6 million. This time, there are 4 million people, a total of 9.7 million people, i.e. 10 million people, who asked if the people who voted for the first time in 2019 this time will change their electoral behavior, I believe that most of them should not change, that is, most of them do not choose the Conservative party, they have the opportunity to choose a party whose policies are about responding to civil society and changing the world. Rather than electing the Conservative Party, when added this time to an additional 4 million, a total of 9 million, this is about 9 million voters, who will change is the first time voters last time and this time about 9 million. And of course, that does not mean that 5.6 million people will live up to now, there may be people who have already died, the total is 9 million, in short, about 9 million people will be the ones who will be important in shaping the future of the country because these 9 million people are the first election last time and the first time this time a total of 9 million people. They tend to choose as a lump group rather than a group of other generations, and a lump group tends to choose in a way that chooses a party with new policies. Respond to changes in the planet, which is global warming, among other things. Equality. Equality. Inequality People who are first-time electors for the second time are more likely to choose, so they are the ones who will play an important role. In addition to the far-flung party. Other parties are not as clear. The way to do this is to create a public forum. It has to be done before the election, because after the election, it's just a demanding policy-making. The owner of the country built it up before the election by asking him about it. Whatever your party says, it will become a policy that needs to be listened to first, and what the problem is, and how to propose a solution, will become something like a communal promise and put into practice after the election. More political party platform, and I believe our chances of a post-election change are more democratic. Switching off the Senate led to the drafting of a new constitution. Amending the Constitution, including fighting only global warming and global chaos, will certainly succeed, and the new generation will be the ones who will change. Previous voters There are 5.6 million people, including 4 million people this time, about 9 million people who will shape the future of the country through this election. There is a tendency to choose political parties in a way that responds to the problems they see. Respond to changes in the world Therefore, this group of people will be a group of people who vote in a lump and have the opportunity to have elections, and political parties must be aware and push for global warming policy. The world is in turmoil, as well as other important issues, especially inequality. This includes correcting undemocracy by amending the Constitution. More importantly, we need a public forum, as Thai PBS is doing, so that political parties can answer the people's questions about global warming, global chaos, and other things that we will push. What is your party's policy that will lead to the creation of public policy and lead to the actual government policy after the election? The fact that we go to the government after the election is just a demand. The real power of the people is before dropping a false ballot box. We need to create a public forum to lead to the emergence of community contracts and policies that we want to push, especially on global warming and global chaos. Other parties are not as clear as the Progressive Party. The other party is like a solar looptop project. Electric buses, clean air, no burning of forests, but it has a goal. What are the strategies and goals? How many years will you reach zero carbon emissions? That's what the goals and strategies are, and the other projects that lead to that. In addition to progressive parties, other parties do not have them, but that does not mean they do not have. When he doesn't have it, the people have to build it by setting up a public forum. Thai PBS staged it. A public policy forum before the election on global warming policy and then inviting different parties to debate will be a platform that leads to the making of each party. If there is no such policy, it must come up because the electorate has asked the question, which will be the process of creating public policy before the election, and it will become government policy. 
"Somchai" Sing "Big Tu-Peeraphan" Use of state resources to facilitate the NTSC |"Somchai" submits SAT exam "Gen. Prayut - Peeraphan" Use state resources to support the Thai Unification Party to build the nation. Inspector General of 18 provinces has been identified as invisibly the Prime Minister today (March 17, 2023). Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn, chairman of the Seri Ruam Thai Party's policy strategist and former election commissioner, filed a complaint. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister To the Election Commission (SEC) In the case of government inspection, is it the use of positions in favor of political parties? This began with the appointment of Mr. Peeraphan Salirathviphak, leader of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, as the Secretary-General of the Prime Minister. Evidence of Gen Prayuth's self-promotion has been presented to the SAT and stated that Gen Prayut has visited government inspection sites 16 times in 18 provinces to covert campaigning using state resources, including Air Force aircraft. Army helicopters, including recruiting government officials and villagers to welcome and have hundreds of security policemen, at the same time viewed that many government inspections were not the Prime Minister's intention, such as Nakhon Ratchasima province to inspect the parking building and Ayutthaya province to inspect pagoda structures and ancient sites, which is an inappropriate role of Prime Minister Somchai. It also states: The SEC shall ensure that elections are conducted honestly and fairly, and that government officials are not impartial. However, when Gen Prayuth and Peeraphan were candidates for the ruling Thai National Building Party, that day was considered an offence under Section 132 of the Election of MPs Act. Any act that causes the election to be dishonest and impartial. The SEC can give orange leaves or disqualify candidates for 1 year and order new elections. In addition, if the executive committee of the party is found to be involved, they can apply to the Constitutional Court to dissolve the party, as well as disqualify candidates for life. Raise your hands to your head, swear never to engage in drugs, believe that you have been attacked "Anutin", do not back down, Bangkok asks to raise the party and sit as Prime Minister.
"Upkit" raised his hands to his head, swore never involved in drugs, believed to have been attacked.|Upkit Pajariyangkur, Senator, made his first opening statement. He stated that he had no influence - never interfered with the judicial process, and raised his hand to swear, had never been involved in drugs, believed the party had advanced in the hope of political attacks, and was preparing to file a lawsuit against Pol. Col. Manapong and some media outlets today (March 17, 2023). Mr. Upkit Pajariyangkur, Senator (Senator) It took more than an hour to hold a press conference on the case of Rangsiman Rome, a Roster MP and spokesperson for the Progressive Party. He initially told the media that he was sorry for the delay in clarifying because he feared that he would lose the case. As for the case of Mr. Rangsiman and some media outlets have found him guilty. The matter has already gone to justice, so I don't want to step forward much before clarifying the allegations. Upkit spoke about the case when his son-in-law was arrested for drug and money laundering. The officer claimed to have fled the scene. Although his son-in-law lives at his own residence on Sukhumvit 69, his son-in-law has been living in that house for a long time. When he was arrested, his son-in-law was walking with his children or grandchildren, the reporter reported that when Mr. Upkit spoke about it, he cried and in a shaky voice, saying that he felt sorry for his grandson. If they are influential people as they claim. My son-in-law would not have to stay in jail for 7 months because if the police wanted to help him, he had the power to arrest and bail him out. My grandmother's mother called me crying every day, but he couldn't help but then Mr. Upkit clarified that he was not a shareholder or director of Allure Group Co., Ltd. and the police did not help separate this case into 1 more case. Mr. Upkit insisted that he did not have the authority or pressure to move the police in this case, but the police who were transferred were cyclical moves and had no performance in the last 3-4 months. Not a move because of punishment. If they had real influence, they would have moved far away. Meanwhile, this cop He has not been responsible for the case since earlier. If the police would help him, he would have helped since the first day and arrested his son-in-law. The attack caused great damage to itself. Upkit said the arrest warrant was issued and cancelled on the same day because he intentionally or unintentionally embellished his chat speech to produce evidence against him for allegedly laundering drug trafficking proceeds through a distribution business between Thailand and Myanmar. Mr. Upkit clarified that no one would think of using legal electricity bills to turn them into illegal money to launder through money transfers to pay electricity bills. Instead, he used this case to spin the tide for political gain. Without having the opportunity to clarify or defend his rights, he noted whether there were conspiracy theories or not. Investigative Inspector Phayathai Police Station Is there a relationship with the Progressive Party? It was noted that attempts were being made to fabricate evidence to the court. Through a process that is connected by many parties. Activist, politician Mr Upkit also revealed that today (Jan 17) he and his lawyer will go to file a lawsuit. Lt. Col. Manapong and those involved in the misconduct before the Criminal Court for corruption and misconduct. It has also filed a lawsuit against some of the press. And they're going to file more lawsuits for causing damages to them, even though they've not been found guilty. Whoever crosses his line accuses him. They will defend their rights by suing. If he wins these cases, Request a donation to all charities Because they only want to salvage their reputation and honor after the speech is done. Upkit raised his hand and tearfully swore an oath, saying, "I swear by all the holy things in the world. My family and I have never been involved in the drug business as alleged. I don't think I will, and I never will, but if anyone accuses me and my family, May you and your family suffer woe," when asked by reporters who Mr. Chakris Kajkamjordej was. Mr Uppakit said Mr Shakris was the one who had rented Allure and was a 15% partner in Allure. He had done so in the past when asked if he had observed filing false accounts of assets and liabilities because of Mr. Rangsiman Mr. Upkit did not actually sell Allure shares to Mr. Shakris which Mr. Upkit admitted was his negligence because he would sell them to Mr. Shakris before he took over as a senator. Senator, which is not unusual and not serious about the contract, Mr. Upkit also confirmed that the office building of the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation. Mr. Peeraphan Salirathvipak contacted the lease requesting that it be used as a private office, confirming that the lease was legally agreed and that he was not aware that it would be changed to a party office. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister As the leader of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party personally, but thought that he was elected as a senator because of his expertise in foreign affairs and electricity, he insisted that he was not a supporter of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party as alleged.
"Anutin" does not back down to Bangkok to elect the party ready to sit as Prime Minister|"Anutin" does not retreat, Bangkok pleads for the voice of the people of the city to choose the whole party. I believe I sat Prime Minister for sure. On 16 Mar 2023 Journalists reported that Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, visited the area of Bueng Rama 9 Community Sports Park, Pattana in Huai Khwang District, Bangkok. Mr. Anutin said at one point that he has been the Minister of Public Health for 4 years, thinking of building small hospitals for brothers and sisters in different corners of the city, called Four Corners Hospital, and not duplicating with the hospitals of Bangkok, but will support the Department of Medicine, the National Cancer Institute, has an eye hospital, and has come to build a compact hospital to accommodate people on the Huai Khwang and Wang Thonglang roads to make Bangkok people have a good quality of life and additional occupations to generate income. He said, "I'll find out if I threaten someone else today." Line it up. In this situation, I'm the perfect fit. Other situations I don't know, but this one. I am. The old ones are 8-9 years old. The new guy hasn't worked yet. The other one has business success, but not a single congressman on hand. Some people don't talk about one thing and rarely do it, but this person has it all, say and do it, is a party with 100% support, Mr. Anutin said that the Proud Thai Party volunteered to serve the people. Many people may consider it the Proud Thai Party. No experience in Bangkok. The party's candidate, Mr. Pradeechai, is a former MP who has served his brothers for decades. Or like Mr. Puttipong, too, is considered someone to know. Bangkok is unbeaten for the field to help Mr. Pradeem Chai down this time for the 4th time already. Proud Thai Party be serious There's no retreat. We've worked so hard. One thing that confirms our ability is performance, such as pay increases. As with all cancer treatments, the past is evidence of work. What will this do from now on? The answer is that it must reduce the cost of living for Bangkokians. In addition, the policy is that the elderly or when people are 60 years of age or older, they will be eligible to become members of the life insurance fund and have a life insurance policy immediately without having to apply and without having to pay life insurance premiums. Get the right to take out a loan to take care of yourself and make a career to support yourself. When passing, children will receive 100,000 baht.
"Ouch" Leading for Thailand to launch 400 MPs to wade into the policy of the Thai people without poverty|"Pae Thongtarn" Lead the army for Thailand 400 MPs have been unveiled to promote the policy of the Thai people without poverty to volunteer to make Thailand the center of ASEAN financial technology. "Settha" Vo, new policy for Thailand is the final jigsaw puzzle of landslide goals The Prime Minister's candidacy will be opened before April 5 today (March 17, 2023). Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Engagement and Innovation Pheu Thai Party takes the stage at the "Think Big, Act for All Thais" event Launching a new policy from the Pheu Thai Party with 400 candidates for the House of Representatives at Gymnasium 4, Thammasat University, Rangsiton Center, Phaethongtarn said on the stage to announce the party's readiness to take Thailand through various crises facing poverty, poverty and poverty. Wars and epidemics are running out of time for governments that don't understand the people. Lack of knowledge and up-to-date with the world situation. If the idea is not big. Therefore, the Pheu Thai Party 'thinks big, pretenses' and announces 3 policies that will improve the quality of life of Thai people to live with dignity. Reduce the income gap for Thais who need immediate assistance so that everyone has enough income. To live with dignity. The higher the income is higher than the inflation rate. In the past, Thailand had a slower per capita income growth rate than most ASEAN countries. Therefore, the Pheu Thai Party has a policy to replenish income for every family with a minimum income of 20,000 baht / month. We will top up the money in the temporary period until the sustainable economic recovery policy is successful. In order for money to circulate in the system, the state will have more tax revenue. Ms. Paethongtarn added that this policy may seem populist, but the reality is to raise the country's GDP. The money that will be spent will come from increased taxes collected. The second policy is to create a blockchain that will make Thailand the fintech center of ASEAN. Opportunity for Thais to raise funds from around the world. This includes raising funds for farmers, pre-selling products, and other talented people will be able to sell their work to the world more conveniently through a system as simple as a phone banking application and a third policy. Pae Thongtarn highlighted the PM2.5 problem that the Pheu Thai Party intends to solve at its root cause by citing NASA satellite images showing red traces in Thailand and neighboring countries caused by burning forests for shifting farming. It also encourages agriculture to use decomposition instead of burning for agriculture. In terms of pollution caused by transportation and industry, the policy will reduce taxes on vehicles that emit air pollution not exceeding the standard. electric vehicles and replace machinery that emits pollutants as soon as possible before the end of the policy announcement. Miss Paethongtarn has sent a message to the prospective candidate. All 400 MPs will have the opportunity to be elected to represent the people in the House of Commons. Sri Kaew Congressman Nan The Pheu Thai Party leader mentioned three key elements that will help the Pheu Thai Party slide: a leader with qualifications; Good policies that meet the problems of the people and candidates All MPs, district systems and rosters are like athletes who have to compete for the goal of changing the country and the lives of brothers and sisters to eat well. He said that only the Pheu Thai Party's policy will create a better life for the brothers and sisters. Trust the policy, believe in Thailand, believe in yourself, and the new policy today will be a tangible edible democratic policy. The country will become a democracy. The debt will be gone. The drug disappears. Public health, education will improve, including landslides, will help clear the constitutional succession of powers of the coup d'état. The senators appointed by the NCPO elected the prime minister, and now the senators are starting to say that even if Landslide wants to give 3 years to form a minority government, if the brothers want 3 years to go back, let the senators go home. Must vote for Thailand only, Dr. Chon Nan Speaking about political handshakes after the election, he said that deciding who to cooperate with before the election is an important rule that must be maintained. Since there are no election results yet, but there is still no information on who the people have entrusted them to, so before the election, the Pheu Thai Party has not announced to shake hands with any political party or announced to shake hands with anyone, but admitted that there may be conditions to protect the party. In the event of allegations alluding to the launch of the prime ministerial candidacy of the Pheu Thai Party. The third person insisted on opening three names, with the last date to be considered being April 5 to be brought to the party's executive committee meeting. Party branch representatives and provincial political party representatives After that, the list will be announced without Confirming whether the third party is also in the forum today, but confirming that it is a person with knowledge and ability as an answer to the country, the Pheu Thai Party leader said whether Mr. Somsak Thepsutin and Mr. Suriya Chuengrungruangkit will launch a political event with the Pheu Thai Party. This afternoon. Must follow up with clarification from Mr. Settha Thaweesin. The Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand spoke that he had seen the difficulties of the people. Seeing the economic problem of lower income against rising expenditures that widen the inequality gap in society and seeing the problem of rights that people are bitten by the state, especially the right to democratic opinion of the people, he asked all Pheu Thai Party members who wish to run for the House of Representatives, 400 members, to represent the people. Adopt the policy of the Pheu Thai Party to solve the problems of the people. The announcement of a new policy that will stimulate the big economy through digital wallets by creating a "digital wallet" for Thais aged 16 years and above to shop in their daily lives near their homes. Mr. Settha also spoke about the Pheu Thai Party's approach to foreign affairs to open up trade doors and create opportunities. Let Thai people play a greater role on the world stage. It emphasized the importance of governments as negotiators and international connections. To restore Thailand's confidence and credibility on the world stage, the people will benefit greatly from international trade. Tourism will grow many times. and attract money from abroad to deposit in Thailand. Then Thai passports must influence Thai people to travel around the world, Mr. Settha spoke about the loss of faith in human rights that is the duty of the next government. To restore the dignity of the people to have the right to express their opinions, including conscription that must be voluntary to create professional soldiers. Restore honor to the military and correct the twisted justice system and restore the dignity of people who have been unjustly prosecuted. Creating equality in society Under the new government, Pheu Thai believes that today's newly launched policy is a policy that reaches all citizens and is the final jigsaw puzzle that will enable Pheu Thai to win elections. Although it is a money-based policy, every step taken that has been added will have a return in terms of taxes to the state, which is the income of the government. The Pheu Thai Party, which has had two governments and was coup d'état, dissolved the Pheu Thai Parliament. Are you convinced that you will be in government again? That we are certainly confident and hopeful, with the goal of the landslide campaign, that we will be strong enough to form a government. Even knowing what is blocking it. Ms. Prathongtarn did not answer about how everyone knew that if it was not the Shinawatra family, they would not have led the Pheu Thai Party, handing the mic to Mr. Settha to answer the question, saying that this is not a family business and that these people are not members of the Shinawatra family, but people who are knowledgeable and able to answer questions about pregnancy during the election period, saying that they love being mothers and will do their best as a mother. Will he be Prime Minister? He insisted on working with the Pheu Thai Party and insisted on doing all his duties in the future, no matter what position he would do best.
"Chuvit" tampered with the evidence of the donation clue filed Proud Thai Party disbanded|"Chuvit" does not faintly submit evidence to the SEC with 100% confidence in the case of Mr. Saksiam's donation to the Proud Thai Party Under Section 72, the Proud Thai Party can be dissolved today (March 17, 2023). Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Bring evidence about the donation of the Proud Thai Party's property account. Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Proud Thai Party Secretary and the transfer documents of the company that Mr. Saksiam is the owner submitted. The SEC considered disbanding the Proud Thai Party because it considered that it was guilty of an offence under Section 72, which prohibits political parties and political office holders from accepting monetary donations. Prior to the press conference, Mr. Chuvit brought liquid soap and basin to show his hands in response to the Proud Thai Party saying that his hands were dirty and that he had taken work from another person to damage the reputation of the party. With black tape to cover your mouth. To symbolize that Mr. Chuvit was silenced from speaking in the event that the Proud Thai Party gave the members of the House of Representatives to sue back by Mr. Chuvit. For example, it falls under the offense under the said section. Found that Mr. Supawat Kasemsutt, who is a friend of Mr. Saksiam but has a circumstance as a nominee holding shares instead. Mr. Saksiam in Buri Charoen Construction Co., Ltd., which was the winning bidder in the Ministry of Transport between 2019-2021, totaled 104 projects worth more than 1,568 million baht. Transfer of shares of Buri Charoen Company amounting to Baht 119 million. without compensation to Mr. Supawat, and also found that Silachai Transfer another 4.7 million baht donation to the Proud Thai Party, Mr. Chuvit said. It is an offence under Section 72 because he knew or should have known or had reasonable grounds to suspect that the donated money was obtained unlawfully because Mr. Saksiam was the party secretary and acted in bringing the money unlawfully into the party. All 400 MPs in all 400 districts filed lawsuits and will begin to undermine the Proud Thai Party's vote as soon as the Parliament is dissolved, while more than 400 lawsuits are unity cases that can be consolidated into one case because they are the same offense, and criticism of the Proud Thai Party's policies on both cannabis and BTS is considered public policy. At the same time, the Progressive Party and the Prachachart Party filed the dissolution of the Proud Thai Party with the Constitutional Court under Article 144. The SAT will be able to consider it before the election because it is important, Mr. Chuvit also mentioned the issue of the policy of free marijuana of the Proud Thai Party, which party leader Anutin Charnvirakul claims to allow marijuana for medical use. According to academic evidence, marijuana does not help psychiatric patients, but at present, there is an increase in people affected by cannabis. The frantic attack and shooting at the residence were the result of marijuana consumption, Mr. Chuvit said. On March 15 at 6.30 p.m. with Mr. Santhana Prayoonrat, before Mr. Chuvit handed over a letter to the SEC, Mr. Chuvit walked the campaign in the middle of the market to clarify the reason for today's move with the people who came inside the government center asking them not to choose the Proud Thai Party according to the reasons that he had already explained to the media and read related news "Somchai". Sing "Big Tu-Peeraphan" Use of state resources to facilitate the NTSC 
Whose way is it? "Twilight-Suchat" Warfare in the middle of social media has no return.|Still vengeful. When you're twilight, you're flattered. Head of Ban Yai Chonburi Group In a recent Facebook post on March 14, marking the 10th anniversary of the Ang Sila Mortar, he received the OTOP Award, stating at one point that the Ang Sila mortar generates local income as a useful souvenir. From our home mortar, Thai traditional medicine also uses a stone basin mortar to pound "herbs" using plants. Use nature as a body and heart tonic. It has cured a wide range of diseases since ancient times.... As for the 'minions' or subordinates who behave unlovably and gratefully, there should be a 'stone sink mortar' pounding salt pepper to solve the trick at home as well. 'Pestle' The device is used in conjunction with a mortar. The former is also a symbol that the media named the minister. The present should be useful because it is reminiscent of the old expression that says... take the two sentences of "warship pestle" above. Can't read across lines without underlining. The words "minions" or "subordinates who" behave unlovably, "ungrateful" and "pestle", mortar equipment and former symbols that the media named the minister who carried the pestle into the parliament "Mr. Chaorin Latthasaksiri". Mr. Twilight is a big brother in the East. Even that election lost the seat to the candidate. "Horses out of sight" The New Future Party has 3 seats, but 7 chairs belong to the Ban Yai Chonburi group, all wearing the Power Pracharath Party shirt. Led by "Pee Pae" Mr. Twilight with "Sia Heng" Mr. Suchart Chomkin is next to the team with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Head of the Pracharath Party Mr. Suchart served as Minister of Labour. Mr. Influential Khun Pluem is the Minister of Culture in the government. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha Nam Yaek Sai Pai Yaek Kor in 2023 when Gen. Prayuth splits to join the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) with Suchart Chomklin's new home group. Meanwhile, Ban Yai Muang Chon is led by Mr. Sonthaya Move back to the Thai Party, and Mr. Influence announced to help "Big Tu" Gen Prayut said "our family will not exist in different parties ...our family's resolution is that the Minister of Influence will serve until the end of his term and will not be a member of any political party." There is no movement against anyone on social media, only posts venting that they are often bombarded with comments and insults because of political differences. There are so many hugs waiting to be encouraged. Every time I return to this place, does the phrase "too far away to turn back and fight with other people's feelings" refers to Mr. Sonthaya, the leader of the "Ban Yai Chonburi" group? Mr. Suchart did not expand Mr. Suchat's path, which is interesting. At the age of 25, he went under the eaves of "Kamnan Pao" Mr. Somchai Khun Pluem. Back then, on the day Mr. Twilight assumed the position of Deputy Minister of Industry. He hasn't even entered politics yet. Mr. Suchart has come too far to go back because he is one of the key generals of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. Nine members from the Power Pracharath Party were followed by nine members from both the central region and Bangkok. Mr. Ranathep Anuwat Chonburi MP Thanapat Kittiwongsa Chanthaburi MP Sompong Sophon Rayong MP Chaiwat Paopiemsap MP Chachoengsao MP Pailin Thiensuwan Samut Prakan MP Sombat Amnaka Saraburi MP Sathit Uittrakul MP Phetchaburi MP Prasit Mahamad Bangkok MP and Thitipat MP Chotidecha Chainan, MP, Bangkok "New Home" Under the leadership of Mr. Suchart is the commander of the Eastern and Central regions. It is seen as a move up to compare the radius of Mr. Twilight "Ban Yai Chonburi", so it is not strange to find the message that .... 'Minions' or subordinates who behave unlovably and gratefully should have a 'mortar ang stone' pounding salt pepper to solve the trick at home as well, so this statement cannot reflect otherwise. And don't interpret it as referring to anyone who reads more news: "Somsak" sees politics through. Move back to Thailand to wait for the government to fight for votes, victory on the burden of the country.
"Somsak" resigned. Minister of State - Minister of State Back to "For Thailand"|"Somsak" opens up goodbye to the NHRC back for Thailand, supports landslide target by 310 votes, does not hope for ministerial position, points out "Suriya" declares the Prime Minister and is not satisfied Confirming that political parties have not yet been arrested today (March 17, 2023) Mr. Somsak Thepsutin held a press conference with 3 documents stating that it was a letter of resignation. The Justice Minister then asked for the peace of mind of all parties who may see it as taking advantage during the election period, effective today (March 17), as well as a letter of resignation from the Power Pracharath Party and an application to join the Pheu Thai Party, which will be applied on March 20. He cited the reason for moving to the Pheu Thai Party because he believed that he would be able to drive jobs and make the new government successful. Therefore, we must look at political parties that will move forward like a landslide, Mr. Somsak. Stated that he had gone to say goodbye to Mr. Vishnu Kruanggam. Deputy Prime Minister and Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party He insisted there was no conflict and division, but governments from different political parties were a barrier to policy driving based on polls and calculations. I personally think the Pheu Thai Party got 220 votes 2 months ago. To reach the target of 310 votes or not cannot be answered at the moment, but it will help achieve the target of the poll projection that if the Sammitr Group enters, it may help the Pheu Thai Party reach 310 votes. Mr. Somsak said the numbers could be more or less. But I personally believe that it will be very much, also stating that it does not count the number of people or MPs who follow for Thailand as well. Because each person has their own privileges. It cannot be associated with or invite party moves. If the goal can be met, it will be useful to drive policy or to have a small number of political parties joining the government. The people will benefit more because there will be no conflict, which I believe the people understand. Otherwise, it would be a waste of time for the country while the 2019 election had only one area to do was Sukhothai, but it also created a new area and looked at the percentage of each election with new politicians. 50 percent, Mr. Somsak said, Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister spoke with Mr. Suriya Chuengrungruangkit, in which Mr. Suriya informed him that the Prime Minister was not impressed and thanked the Prime Minister for the opportunity to work and thanked Gen. Prawit for supporting the past work of the Pheu Thai Party. He confirmed that he had not entered the party or spoken to the party leadership, but initially knew that people in the party welcomed him and Mr. Suriya and that he would take care of any area as the party saw fit and did not expect to be a minister. If the Pheu Thai Party is the government for the news of political polarization between the Pheu Thai Party and the Power Pracharath Party. Mr. Somsak said it was a matter for the party executive committee to consider. He did not ask for comment, but it is expected that there is currently no discussion on this issue and there is no clear answer. See through politics Move back to Thailand waiting for the government "Ung Ing" Leading for Thailand to launch 400 MPs to wade into the policy of the Thai people without poverty "Anutin" to not back down Bangkok to elect the party ready to sit as Prime Minister
8 steps to count votes - Election results|The SAT outlines 8 procedures for counting votes at the polling place and unofficial reporting of results through ECT Report. From the media who connected the system today (March 17, 2023) Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Disseminate a news story titled "Counting of votes at the polling place in the election of members of the House of Representatives (MPs)" by clarifying the process and process of counting votes. After the close of voting, the SEC Regulation on the Election of MPs 2023, which came into force. On Feb. 16, the procedure and procedures for post-voting and counting of votes at the polls were determined. 1. At 5:00 p.m., the Election Unit Committee (MPA) But if there are still voters who wish to vote present at the polling place to exercise their right to vote, the MPA shall Allow them to present themselves and hand over their ballots to exercise their right to vote. Once the voters have finished voting, the voting will be closed and the MPA shall be declared. Sign the sign for closing the ballot box and cover the ballot box with the ballot box.2. Check that the ballots used with the remaining ballots are correct and complete. Match all accepted ballots, signed on everyone's drawings. In case of inconsistency, the incident must be recorded and reported to 3. The MPA shall proceed with the counting of votes by opening the ballot box in front of the people present at the polling place, which must be done at the polling place openly and counting consecutively. MPA The results will be announced and the results of the election counting will be prepared (MPs 5/18, MPs 5/18 (BOC)). Close it in front of the polling station so that people can Observers and representatives of political parties can check 5. Each polling station along with security guards Submit your score 6. When the SAT of the constituency receives the votes from the MPA, it is checked for accuracy. The number of ballots, articles and materials related to the election shall be correct and complete and signed by both parties as evidence.7. In the constituency, the results of all polling stations in that district are included. Once completed, the results shall be announced in that constituency and the results shall be submitted to the Provincial Office of the Commissioner.8. The Provincial Election Commission has received the results from the Provincial Election Commission in all districts in the province and the official election results shall be submitted to the office. SAT to propose The MPA will appoint 9 voters residing in their hometowns on election day to perform their duties for 15-18 hours, starting from receiving election materials to counting and submitting the results of the election. The SAT has organized an unofficial ECT Report to facilitate public access to information and participate in observing the counting of votes. The district commissioner uses it to fill in the ECT Report system so that the public can continuously monitor the results. From the media who connected to the system and can know the results on election night immediately. The SEC confirmed that it will conduct the counting of electoral votes honestly, transparently, fairly and lawfully. New Bangkok zoning "Somsak" resigns Minister of State - Minister of State Back to "For Thailand" for Thailand to oppose the SAT Bangkok zoning to violate the law to void the election 
The Prime Minister told the dissolution of Parliament to wait for the Royal Commission to answer on March 20.|prime minister Preparations for dissolution of Parliament are being prepared. I told you to wait and see the announcement of the Government Gazette. Reply March 20 or not. Moving to the Thai Party I still love each other. Today (17 Mar 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister revealed that they have now proposed a draft decree to dissolve Parliament. Asked by reporters whether it was Monday, March 20, the Prime Minister said that the Prime Minister also said that in the meantime, there will still be regular field visits because it is a seam where there will be elections. The Justice Minister said that he had heard from the news but personally had not met and had not talked to read more news. : Prime Minister of the Inspector General "Chiang Mai" listens to the problem of dust and smoke in the north
"Pitha" Wade all over Rangsit, hoping to plant an orange Pathum Thani flag.|"Pitha" swings Pathum Thani candidate to campaign all over Rangsit city in hopes of raising orange Pathum Thani flag Defend the old district champion - add new districts today (March 17, 2023) Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party stepped forward with the candidates of Pathum Thani MPs in all 7 districts to Nakhon Rangsit area, Pathum Thani province. Opening speech introducing the party's policy direction and launching candidates for Pathum Thani MPs in all 7 districts at Jumbo Market Canal 3 Mr. Pitha said Pathum Thani province is a strategic area of the Progressive Party. In the past, the Future New Party scored 2nd place with more than 140,000 votes, or 25% of the number of Pathumthani people. Raising challenges in transportation and garbage disposal issues, the party leader went a long way to assure that the candidate All the party's MPs because they continue to field and reiterate that there is not. All of them have passed the test and undergone intensive training in the party-style political curriculum over the past year, the party has policies and ways of working that want Pathum Thani to leave the same whirlpool that won the election to negotiate for ministerial positions alone. Instead of actually solving problems for the Pathum Thani brothers, Mr. Pitha spent his morning campaigning in the Pathum Thani area. Details of the new Pheu Thai Party policy are still unknown. But he is not troubling and ready to launch digital economy and creative economy policies after the dissolution of Parliament, which is expected to take place on March 20. It creates administrative problems and confuses Mr. Pitha's voters. Expect the confusion to arise during the final arc, hopefully without ulterior motives. I want to see an easy, fair election where as many people as possible can exercise their rights. Now tasked the deputy leader of the party to take a special look at the latest zoning. Favor a particular party or not read more political news: Prime Minister told to dissolve Parliament to wait to see the Royal Gazette to answer March 20 on whose way it "Twilight - Suchat" war in the middle of social media has no return.
The DEA unveiled that the candidate MP-NCPO to reclaim the chair Southern Border Congressman|The leader of the Pracharath Party opened the stage at the city square and unveiled the candidates for all 33 Bangkok MPs or 33 constituencies, while the Democratic Party went south in a big speech at Sungai Kolok. Announcement to reclaim the chair of MPs in the southern border provinces today (March 18, 2023) Power Pracharath Party Led by Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan As party leader and party leader, Use the urban courtyard area In front of Bangkok City Hall Opening Speech Suggests That Candidate All 33 MPs of the Power Pracharath Party or 33 constituencies were elected by Mr. Sakonthee Pattiyakul. The former deputy governor of Bangkok served as the leader of the team to fight the election of the Bangkok MP. Alternately launched, such as Mr. Sarit Prythong District 1 (Phra Nakhon, Samphanthawong, Dusit, Bang Rak) Mr. Panit Wittayapat District 2 (Sathorn, Ratchathewi, Pathumwan) Mr. Phakdee Hans Golden Snow District 13 (Lat Phrao Wang Thonglang) and Mrs. Nathaya Dangbunga as the candidate for District 19 (Minburi). (High Bridge) Rattaphum Tokongsap of District 22 (Suan Luang Prawet) and Nithi Boonyaratklin are candidates for District 31 (Thawiwattana Opening speech today (March 18) will be Mr. Sonthirat Sonthijirawong, Mr. Uttam. Ms. Nain, Mr. Santi Prompat and Mr. Mingkwan Saengsuwan gave a speech presenting the policy of "Overcoming Conflict Today, (March 18), party leader Anutin Charnvirakul led a team to open 33 candidates for MPs, with Puttipong Punnakan as the election director and during the campaign procession. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit set up a table on the roadside near Kasetsart intersection. Campaigning not to allow people to choose the Proud Thai Party and raising the knot of free marijuana to attack by stating that if anyone sees that marijuana is good, choose the Proud Thai Party, but if they see that it is a drug, they should not choose the Proud Thai Party and the Democratic Party. Opening the big speech at Sungai Kolok district, Narathiwat province, and unveiling the candidates for all 5 constituencies, the color of this election is Mr. Methi Arun, the lead singer of the band Labanoon, that the candidate for District 2 of Narathiwat province, Mr. Churin Laksanavisit. Leader of the Democratic Party Indicates the success of several projects pushed, such as the cross-border car project at the Phrom Dan checkpoint. Tak Bai Rom clearly pointed out that this round is a campaign. He announced his candidacy in all 400 districts to fight the election and during one of his speeches. Churin reiterated his stance that he does not support the party that wants to amend Article 112 of the Constitution and sections 1 and 2 related to the monarchy and does not support policies that will create religious divisions. After the 2019 elections, it won only one seat from Anwar. Salale In the 1st constituency, Pattani province, but this time the party moved, Mr. Niphon stated that the previous election The Democratic Party slammed it because it thought the contestants were bringing chickens by the rules. But he put a spur on it. And upheld the policy of pushing for free education up to the bachelor's degree and insisting that it does not support free marijuanaRead other news Told to dissolve Parliament to wait for the Royal Commission to answer March 20, partylist MPs resigned. Open the channel to move the new MP to receive welfare through the way it "Twilight-Suchat" There's no turning back.
"Kittitanaswar" Chon "For Thai" Ching 2 Chair, Nakhon Nayok Province|The upcoming election in Nakhon Nayok province will be more eye-catching. After the addition of the constituency from the original only 1 constituency this time to 1 to 2 constituencies in Nakhon Nayok province, the original owner of the area was the family "Kittitanaswar" who belonged to the Pheu Thai Party. Move to the Proud Thai Party as the Pheu Thai Party puts on a former police officer like Pol. Maj. Gen. Suraphon, or "Commander Daeng", fought in hopes of the current leadership and party current, colliding with the former MPs who switched sides even as new political faces, but Pol. Maj. Gen. Surapon Boonma, or "Commander Daeng", that the candidate for Nakhon Nayok MP District 1 was fully campaigning. Wang applied his experience as a former police officer and former deputy commander of Nakhon Nayok province to his political career, namely being a former Nakhon Nayok MP and a former police officer following Dej Boon-Long, a former Nakhon Nayok MP and former deputy prime minister for the past 3 years. Pol. Maj. Gen. Surapon helps people with COVID-19 from all experiences, hoping to win the hearts of the villagers that it is true. Pol. Maj. Gen. Surapon must admit that if measuring the flow of individuals with the original owner of the area, it is still considered secondary, but now if you compare the current of the Pheu Thai Party, its policies and leaders, whether it is Ms. Paethong Tarn Shinawatra, Mr. Settha Thaweesin and Dr. Chon Nan. Srikaew is considered advantageous because it is an important magnet in attracting people. Confident that it will result in winning both districts across the ownership of the area, the political family "Kittitaneswar". This round in the area of District 1 sent "Ong". Mr. Piyawat Kittitaneswar District 2 Mr. Wuttichai Kittitaneswar Mr. Piyawat's father, who is affiliated with the Proud Thai Party, hopes to sweep the entire province of Mr. Piyawat, although he is a new face, but is considered a lace not far from the tree because of his political ideas. From a politician's father with experience as a multi-time congressman, to full of seasoned plus a new generation. Mr. Piyawat is confident that the work of "Kittitaneswar" who has been doing politics in Nakhon Nayok province for a long time, plus the support of the Proud Thai Party and its leader, Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, will make the Proud Thai Party win 2 seats. The cherished son of Mr. Wuttichai Kittitaneswar, a former Nakhon Nayok MP. Many times, "Sia Ong", which began to enter the political path since the election. In the past, Pol. Maj. Gen. Surapon Boonma, popularly known as "Commander Daeng", was a two-time Nakhon Nayok MP and a police officer following Dej Boon-Long, a former Nakhon Nayok MP for the 2nd district in Ban Na district and Ongkharak district. This round, "Xia" entered District 2 against his own nephew, Kriengkrai Kittitanaswar, it must be seen who will win the hearts of the people more than the Nakhon Nayok election field. It clearly reflects the competition between the individual and the party current.
"Saksiam" requests to postpone submission of documents to clarify the petition for ministerial ruling by 30 days |constitutional court Permission granted at the request of Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Extension of time for submission of documents to clarify the petition for a ministerial ruling 30 days due to the need to collect documents from many individuals and juristic persons, said Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party. He also refused to seek help from Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister in the food industry at the Forest Conservation Foundation in 5 provinces to assist in the case. In case Mr. Saksiam Chid likes The Transport Minister was sued for retaining shares in Buricharoen Construction Co., Ltd. and was forced to stop performing his duties under the order of the Constitutional Court while Mr. Saksiam revealed that he had applied to the Constitutional Court and the court had granted permission to extend the time for filing the amendment statement for 30 days and would be due on April 17 because many important documents must be certified by external individuals and juristic persons. It reiterates confidence in legal compliance. Clarification of the allegations and the outcome of the ruling that will not cause the termination of ministership and because it remains as an "accused". Mr. Saksiam confirmed that he will run for the election of an MP on the account of the Proud Thai Party and believes that according to the time frame of the trial, the process will be completed in time for the candidacy.
"For Thailand" North-East Campaign |Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party Preparing to open the campaign speech stage in 2 northern provinces "Chiang Rai-Chiang Mai" Meanwhile, Thailand marched to meet entrepreneurs and fishermen in Chonburi-Rayong province. Hope to defeat the giant "Patriarchal Family" today (March 19, 2023) Despite natural disasters in the northern region, the schedule is to visit 2 northern provinces "Chiang Rai-Chiang Mai" to open the campaign speech stage of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The head of the Pracharath Party remains the same, and besides suggesting that the candidate MPs in the northern area, but will open the policy to provide access. Brothers and sisters in the area as well and yesterday. After finishing the speech stage at the town square. Gen. Prawit also made a video call to Chiang Rai Rajabhat University. to continue talking to students immediately. The student representative has asked Gen. Prawit sustainably solved pollution and flooding problems in Chiang Rai province. Gen. Prawit to create national reconciliation. Gen. Prawit pledged to accelerate the process to achieve concrete results in all dimensions and affirmed his sincere intention to achieve national reconciliation while Dr. Chonnan Srikaew and Mr. Brahmin Lertsurudej were present. Thai leaders meet tour operators and fishermen in Chonburi and Rayong provinces Wang negotiated a policy to build confidence, paving the way for the plan to overthrow the giant "patriarchal family", who dominates the political space in Rayong province, has both MPs and is the prime minister for the previous Rayong city election field, there were 4 districts, 3 of which belonged to the big house "Sathit Pitutecha". The other district belongs to the Pracharath Power Party. But in the next election, there will be 5 constituencies where political parties are seeking to own the main areas in Rayong provincial constituencies, people in the patriarchal family who sent their family members to compete in all 5 districts, such as the 1st constituency, where the candidate for Thai MP "Mr. Phanet Wongpaisarn" competed with the people of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party and the people of the patriarchal family. Constituency No. 2 "Mr. Bhimdej Amornsukon" Rayong lawyer competes with big general "Sathit Pitutecha" Former Democrat champion minister Thanakorn Wangboonkong won. Leader of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party He said the party has already fielded candidates for all 400 constituencies and is preparing to launch each session. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, as chairman of the party's guidelines and strategy committee, will give a speech in person on the progress of the list of MPs. The list will be submitted to the party later this week, but whether No. 1 will be Gen. Prayuth's name or not is still uncertain. You have to ask General Prayuth himself. Meanwhile, the party's prime ministerial candidacy will be nominated. General Prayuth alone or 3 names still do not know which one to submit, while "Nida Poll" released the results of a public opinion poll titled "Who the people will support to become Prime Minister in this election".
"Pavisarat Tiyapairath" farewell to "Chiangrai United" to focus on political career    |Today (March 19, 2023), "Hai" Pavisarat Tiyapairath posted on Facebook to retire as club president. Chiangrai United ended 4 years and 1 month as club president and concentrated on full political career as the head of the For the Nation Party today (March 19, 2023), "Hai" Pavisarat Tiyapairath, president of Chiangrai United Club, posted on Facebook. Hai Pavisarat Tiyapairath bids farewell to Chiangrai United after serving as Chairman of Somsorn Chiangrai for 4 years and 1 month to continue his political career.4 Today will mark the end of Haika's tenure as president of Chiangrai United since Hai stepped into football on February 24, 2019. We proudly won the 2019 Thai League. Thailand Champions Cup 2020 and FA Cup 2020 and represent Asia AFC Champions All of them are very valuable experiences and memories, allowing Hai to find another meaning of life as Hai himself who wants to wake up to work every day. Being one who is always ready to be with the team no matter the crisis or opportunity, Hai is confident that Hai has always put in the time and energy and heart for this club. Is to listen, listen to and correct the point. Football has taught Hai a lot about the truth of life, because whether you lose, win, draw, you are uncertain. It's going to be a thing of the past overnight. When it is fulfilled, we have to give it time to the fullest. When disappointed, we just have to admit it. Learn and find your way through it. Hai believes that the experience and opportunity to work in this club will be an important motivation in life and meaningful to Hai's life forever, the most important thing is that every fan is an important person that a football club cannot live without. Thank you to the Guangxong fan club. UANGLANG GOLD, GUANGSONGGONGCHAI, CHIANGRAI, ORANGE MADNESS, GUANGSUNG GROUPS IN ALL DISTRICTS, AS WELL AS OTHER GROUPS THAT HAI DOES NOT MENTION HERE (IF PRESENTED, IT WILL BE A VERY MEANINGFUL SPIRITUAL FORCE). Hai values and prioritizes all personnel. Whether it's the people who play the game or the people behind the scenes. Hai is happy to have the best team and would like to thank all the staff at the club for their love and dedication and teamwork. This has made our club successful and has always stood in the top flight. Hai is very proud of everyone and I would like to thank the players, coaches, coaching staff, from the past to the present, who fought together until today. Thank you for sharing your happiness and suffering as always, thanks to the team behind the scenes, including accounting, finance, HR, coordination, legal department, FR (Media Fan Relations) team, IT department, sign production department, warehouse and megastore. Building & Facility, Infrastructure, Lawn Technicians, Housekeeping & Security Team Hai can feel the determination of all parties, even though it's a back-office job, but everyone is an off-field fighter, an important cog in driving the football club. In the national and Asian leagues proudly thanks to the academy team. Genius Football Team Chiangrai United's youth team in all schools believes and will be an important force in the future to be a successful athlete in the league and national team. We have chosen this path, please give every second we have the opportunity to thank all the supporters who have walked alongside the club for a long time and may our team continue to be everyone's happiness for a long time. There are no gender and age restrictions. Thank you for forging and growing up in an environment without these limitations. No matter who can work successfully and after the end of the club president. Chiangrai United today and Hai has a big job to take responsibility for, and it is another meaning in Hai's life, that is, to work for development, to change, and for the betterment of the lives of people in the nation.
"Chon Nan" suggests "Prayuth" wants to know true democracy must be an MP.|"Dr. Chon Nan" Looking at the prime minister as a party list, advising "Prayuth" as an MP to know what the House is like, reiterating the order of the list on April 1 before knocking the prime minister's candidacy on April 5 today (March 19, 2023). Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Congressman Nan The Pheu Thai Party leader, in an interview during a campaign in Chonburi and Rayong provinces, said that the announcement of the dissolution of the Parliament was not paid attention to then. The last day of the government's term is March 23, but if the Parliament is dissolved, the last day is March 22, the Pheu Thai Party has already prepared for the election process, using the principle of March 20 as the basis for the dissolution of the Parliament and then moving the date and time. Constituency MPs will be elected on April 3-7, 2023 and MPs will be elected on April 4-7, 2023. The Pheu Thai Party must align the timeline with the timetable. He also revealed that the news that the Cabinet will hold its final meeting on March 21 has been speculated. The Cabinet may announce the dissolution of the Parliament, meaning that the Prime Minister signed the Royal Decree. Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha said he would not dissolve parliament on his birthday (March 21, 2023). Because we are no longer paying attention, we set a timeline for predicting that the Prime Minister will dissolve Parliament as soon as possible, which is March 20, 2023. Dr. Chon Nan Clarified that according to the requirement to hear opinions in the polling area, the law allows the primaries to be voted at one polling point per province and candidates can be submitted in all districts in that province at the same time. The nominating committee must also submit no more than 100 legal candidate names to the voting primaries. Therefore, the Pheu Thai Party has scheduled primaries to vote on March 26 - 28, 2023. It will take 3 days to know the roster, but will it be in accordance with that? Depending on the primaries, what will the section vote order? The nominating committee will receive the results of the primaries and then go through the sequencing process. To propose to the Executive Committee for approval. The results of the vote on the list are expected to be completed no later than April 1, 2023, when asked whether the candidate for prime minister deserves to be on the top list. Dr. Chon Nan The Pheu Thai Party proposed 3 names, which went into the approval process on April 5 by the party's executive committee and representatives of political party branches, Dr. Chon Nan. He said that the candidate who will be nominated as a candidate for prime minister should also be on the list because the Pheu Thai Party had submitted amendments to the constitution to the prime minister from MPs, but reiterated that it was a personal opinion because the party had not yet convened the matter and had to have a clear consent letter from the nominee. Will Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha be the prime minister's candidate to be on the list? Dr. Chon Nan He replied that he believed he would not be on the list because he would have separated from the prime minister's candidacy when: Gen. Prayut Open the channel will be true democracy. If you want to know what true democracy is, you should also focus on the Council. 
"Gen. Prayuth" to go to Phuket - check readiness to host Expo 2028|The Prime Minister traveled to Phuket province to follow up on government policy amid strict security measures, with all waiting areas required to pass through screening points today (March 19, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister, together with Gen. Anupong Paojinda The Interior Minister and his team traveled to Phuket province to follow up on the work according to the government policy as soon as they arrived at Phuket Airport. To acknowledge the progress of the bid to host Expo 2028 Phuket Thailand, Phuket Governor Narong Wunsio said that Thailand is currently in the process of voting to choose the host country, which Thailand has reached 1 million votes, and then the Prime Minister and his delegation went to the area where the event was prepared for Ban Tha Chatchai. Maikhao The staff and people came to greet before going to King Kaew community. In Ratsada Subdistrict Municipality To monitor the use of mangrove forest areas. Under the project "Urban Forest", which is a learning center and nature trail. Mangrove ecosystem to support Phuket's first eco-tourism, reporters reported at King Kaew community. The Prime Minister and his team then went to Phuket Rajabhat University to listen to the presentation of the vision of "Andaman Ready" before returning this evening.
"Vishnu" The House of Commons is expected to take effect. today |Today (20 Mar 23) Mr. Vishnu Kruangarm The Deputy Prime Minister revealed that Gen Prayuth has already asked the Prime Minister to draft the Act to dissolve the Parliament and is expected to publish it in the Government Gazette by today, effective today (March 20, 2023). Mr. Vishnu Kruangarm Deputy Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, Prime Minister and Defence Minister, has asked for the draft. The House of Representatives' Dissolution Act is expected to be announced in the Government Gazette later today, which will also take effect today.In addition, at around 10.00 a.m., Mr. Vishnu invited the Election Commission (SEC) to discuss the issues of practices and prohibitions for civil servants during the election campaign, including the issue of whether civil servants can help candidates. Can MPs campaign too? The press asked if the general election date would be May 7 or May 14. Mr. Vishnu stated that the media also asked the Prime Minister if the Act on Dissolution of Parliament would be published in the Government Gazette today.  
NIDA Pole-Super Pole Open poll on who is the favorite "Prime Minister" |Opinion poll results "Super Poll - Nida Pole." The popular vote of the people who will support him as Prime Minister is Ms. Prathongtarn Shinawatra, head of the family for Thailand. He said Ms Praethongthan and Gen Prayuth were at high risk of overturning the election results today (March 20, 2023). NIDA Poll Center The first public survey on the 2023 election was conducted between March 2-8 from 2,000 respondents. In this election, The poll found that 49.75 per cent of the political parties that people would choose as MPs in the district were Pheu Thai Party, 17.40 per cent for Pheu Thai, 11.75 per cent for the Far Left Party, 5.40 per cent for the Democratic Party, 2.95 per cent for the 5th place, 2.95 per cent for the Thai Sang Thai Party, 6th for the Proud Thai Party, 7th for the Seri Ruam Thai Party, 2.35 per cent for the 8th place, 2.35 per cent for the Undecided Party, and 2.15 per cent for the Power Pracharat Party. Expo 2028Mr. Eknath Promphan, secretary-general of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTTC), said that Gen Prayuth's popularity rating is third only to Ms Paethongthan and Pitha, whose popularity has been increasing and the popularity is increasing, acknowledging that the northern and northeastern areas are still small and the party needs to work harder. A survey of 1,061 samples of people of all professions conducted between March 15 and 18 found that 37.7 percent still supported the government, 34.2 percent asked for the center, silent power, and 28.1 percent did not support the government. The top 5 respondents were 39.0 percent for Ung Ing card, 21.9 percent for Diary Card, 13.9 percent for Churin, 13.2 percent for Lung Tu Card and 2.6 percent for Lung Pom Card. MPs left the party with the intention to cast their ballots for the Prime Minister's candidacy. The greatest risk was 27.1 percent. The next highest risk was 22.2 percent, Anutin card with 18.2 percent risk, Churin card with 12.9 percent risk, and Lung Pom card with 12.9 percent risk. 3.6 percent risk Read related news "Vishnu" The House of Commons is expected to take effect. today
"Invite" Happy 4 years of the Congress, leave it as a lesson to the next Congress.|"Invite" Chairman of the Council The 4 years of the Council will be a positive and negative lesson of the next Council today (March 20, 2023). You're invited. Evade. The Speaker of the House of Representatives announced the results of the House of Representatives, expecting to announce the dissolution of Parliament today, March 20, 2023. Has reported The status of the House was the last time the House of Assembly had 500 MPs and today it is down to 393 after the court ordered the dissolution of the New Future Party. 11 MPs have been removed from office, including 3 MPs who have been suspended from their duties by the court in the case of inserting replacement cards, as well as 4 MPs ordered to stop performing their duties in the case of futsal courts. There were also MPs resigning. In the past 180 days and one MP has been killed, Mr. Chuan said the House has served through various political crises. Since the House of Assembly voted and before the COVID-19 situation, the Council has been working diligently, so there is no law backlog, and during COVID, it has been suspended for 1 month as recommended by the Department of Disease Control. Ministry of Health, but at the end after the government proposed the law again until it could not bring a quorum, it made a letter recommending the Prime Minister and the minister who proposed the law to help maintain a quorum to push the law even if at the end of the quorum was not complete. As a result, some laws could not be considered in time in this Parliament, such as the draft National Education Act and the draft constitution of the Pheu Thai Party, but the past 4 years have been a matter of pride. Because it is not easy. At the same time, he also informed the work of MPs who have consultations sent to the government and relevant agencies to solve more than 11,000 issues in the case of the Parliament agenda. Mr. Chuan expressed his personal opinion that he has sat as the Speaker of the House of Representatives for 4 years, which regular civil servants may find that it is strange that the Speaker of the House usually has a Vice President to act as a substitute in the meeting room. 4 years ago, Mr. Chuan said that he did not have the opportunity to go because he intends to take control of the meeting in the House to the end, and believes that the 25th Council would need advice on many practical matters. As the Speaker of the House, he reminded members to follow the regulations and have a project to formulate the next Parliament curriculum so that MPs can know their legal tasks so that they can perform their duties with quality under limited time. Many members said that it took a lot of time and congratulated the House for being able to complete its 4-year term before emphasizing that the 4 years of the House are positive and negative lessons, such as the positive is to maintain the legislative function, to perform the duties of the executive branch according to the law, and to exercise legal rights. If you elect a very good person, you will get a good government in which the council will do an honest housing project with the word prosperous country. The council will continue this policy even after Mr. Chuan Leungpai retires from office for the sake of the future of the country, which will result in the youth and people having confidence in integrity, which will make such confidence affect Thai politics. No one can do everyone any good. normalization and orderliness of the country; Although it does not make everyone a good person, but encourages them to be good people and encourages good people to rule the country, which is considered immortal speech in the past, present and future, Mr. Chuan also told the new council that what has changed positively is the time to perform duties, including the areas that have problems that must be solved further, such as the process of meeting that takes a lot of time. Some things need to be resolved at the same time. The Chairman of the Council affirmed the duties of the Ethics Committee, its duties honestly, and the resolutions of the subcommittee of former prosecutors of bile took over. There is no senior committee member who is a politician to change and comply with all proposals from the sub-committee.
The Royal Gazette published the announcement "MPs- Senator - Political Affairs" can help local campaigners. |The Government Gazette published the announcement. "MPs - Senators - Political Affairs" can help campaign for local elections. If the SEC finds abuse of power, it can order it to be stopped, reporters reported today (March 19, 2023). Gazette website published Announcement of the Enforcement of the Act on the Election of Members of Local Councils or Local Executives with Amendments to Political Officials representative Local councillors, local executives, or other government officials may assist candidates in their election campaigns if it appears that political officials, members of the House of Representatives, Senators, local councillors, local executives, or other government officials. Any act that is unlawful of duty and authority which is bullying any candidate, the SAT or SAT or the provincial election director or the election committee of the local administrative organization assigned by the election committee shall have the power to terminate or suspend such act.
"Vishnu" Election date is expected to be announced on May 14.|"Vishnu" After the dissolution of Parliament, it is expected that the SEC may announce the election date as May 14 and specify that the district will not affect the election but affect the campaign time today (March 20, 2023). Mr. Vishnu Kruangarm The Deputy Prime Minister said that after the decree to dissolve Parliament and hold elections no later than Friday, March 24. Election Commission (SEC) If the House is dissolved today (March 20), the election date may be set to May 14, between the election day of May 7 and May 14. The list of MPs totaling 100 names does not exceed 44 million baht. The district shall not exceed 1,900,000 baht per person by those who have already posted signs at various places shall be counted as expenses in case the political party submits to the Administrative Court for consideration of zoning. Mr. Vishnu said it was up to the Administrative Court to make an order. As the election continues, now There will be no change in the zone unless ordered by the court. If the Administrative Court finds that the constituency is not in favor, it must redivide the constituency. This does not affect the election timeframe, but only the campaign time frame that will be shortened. When asked by reporters whether the prospect of the administrative court may not take it into consideration, he said: Mr. Vishnu replied yes because he may have gone to the court for the wrong procedure of government officials. From now on, it must be in accordance with Article 78 of the Election Law, which the Secretary of the SAT clarified that there are both election laws and civil service regulation laws, such as civil servants helping to campaign for elections, not against election laws, but against civil service regulations. Campaigning during Songkran Festival must follow the SAT guidelines, for example, during the dissolution of Parliament, the Cabinet of Ministers (Cabinet) must not hold meetings. Commuting Minister Do not organize activities with large gatherings of people, except for annual events such as Songkran, can be held, but cannot give away items during the festival, attend weddings, give gifts. Mr. Vishnu also admitted that the acting government must comply with Section 169, which stipulates that the appointment of government officials, state enterprise executives or central agencies must be requested. However, the SAT does not need to issue a manual to the Cabinet, which tomorrow (March 21) will be clarified to the Cabinet. As for the resignation of the last two ministers, the acting chief will be considered. It depends on the Prime Minister. As for the minister who has to suspend his duties, the minister has been assigned to perform his duties. Mr. Vishnu also mentioned that if Gen Prayuth will become the 29th prime minister again, insisting that the dissolution of parliament is not necessary for a reason, as scholars have noted. Vishnu replied, "Don't think too much. Those who think like this distract people. The duties of the government at this time, after the dissolution of Parliament, were carried out according to the procedure. As for whether the Prime Minister is afraid of the election. I don't know, but joked that I was afraid of the type that lasted a long time. Know the winner Forgive me. Speech in a manner that causes fear of no election may be a distraction to the people." The House of Commons is expected to take effect. Today's "Invite" Congratulations to the House of Commons for 4 years, leave it as a lesson to the House in front of the Royal Gazette to publish the announcement "MPs- Senator - Political Affairs" can help local campaigners. 
March 21 election day to meet "Vishnu" Jang M.169|The SAT secretary pointed out that if the parliament is dissolved today on March 21, the SAT will finalize the timeline and still not agree on the date of the election. Do not use government resources and personnel to support elections today (March 20, 2023). Election Commission Secretary-General Mr. Pilgrim Bunmee said after meeting with Mr. Vishnu Kruangam. The Deputy Prime Minister said that Article 169 has been understood both about campaigning in the powers of the Acting Cabinet as it is new to ensure that everything is in order. The selection has not been agreed upon since the emphasis was on Section 10 talks. 169 The SAT issued regulations prohibiting the use of state resources or government personnel for any act that may affect elections. Determining the date of the election is the duty of the SAT and should announce the dissolution of Parliament, which Mr. Vishnu has not yet informed whether the dissolution of Parliament will be announced today and whether the election date will be May 7 or 14. Sawang said the law is no less than 45 days and no more than 60 days, but the government did not offer an opinion on the date of the election. As for the disadvantage. Confirming that it is in accordance with the law for the case that the Pattana Party dares to petition the Administrative Court for an emergency inquiry in the case of the declaration of electoral delimitation. Mr. Sawang reiterated that the SAT follows the Constitution, time also follows the Constitution, and there is no other plan to back it up according to the time frame because the law allows it to do that. If there is an emergency hearing, it remains to be seen what the outcome will be. Everyone has the right to exercise their rights under the law and the SAT will have to wait for the court. Mr. Sawang said that if Parliament is dissolved today, the Election Commission will meet tomorrow, which the SAT has already prepared. Determine the date of election and determine the constituency for candidates or political parties to apply while the application date will be April 3 or 7 or not to wait for the results from the SAT to consider first, which after the decree on the dissolution of parliament is announced in the Government Gazette. The SAT has scheduled a meeting to set the date for the election tomorrow (March 21). The SAT has already prepared all aspects, and what is the difference between setting the election date to May 7 or 14? Mr Sawang stressed that in accordance with the legal framework, Mr Sawang also mentioned complaints from many parties that could disrupt the election, saying that the SAT had followed all the laws on the contest. Don't worry too much if you don't do anything wrong, which leaves it a subject of criticism, however, the law still protects everyone who hasn't done wrong. Is it kept for the latter? It all depends on the facts. It cannot be said beforehand. If a person makes a mistake, it must be wrong. If it's good, it's good. Everything has to look at the law and the facts. Some acts are not defined by law as offenses. We have to be fair to both sides. Both the petitioner and the respondent read the relevant news. : "Vishnu" The House of Commons is expected to take effect. Today, the SEC enumerated 8 steps to count votes - enumerate the election results, many parties disagree. New Bangkok demarcation announced "Number of MPs - 400 constituencies", open data on 25 parties being called to dissolve the "PT" party, the most "PDP" ranks 2nd
"Somsak" confident "For Thailand" to be the government 99% |"Somsak" is 99% confident that "For Thailand" will be the government, in case only 1% are in opposition. Swipe the talk to catch the pole "PT-DD-PD." Today (20 Mar 2023) Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, former Justice Minister, told Thai PBS that he submitted a letter of application for Pheu Thai Party membership today stating why he decided to join Pheu Thai Party because he liked the team, especially the policy team, which can be practical. Mr. Somsak is also confident that the Pheu Thai Party will be able to crack eggs in the southern provinces, and he is personally familiar with many southern people, especially those who have done or had ideas such as unlocking huts from drugs. The project to convert cows to soft power attracts tourists as well as debt mediation for up to 100,000 families nationwide. Breaking the drug cycle can confiscate billions of assets, so Therefore, please wait and see because the Pheu Thai Party has the space to move forward and ensure that in order for Thailand to become a 99% government, if it is the best one-party government. If the political situation overturns, the assessment is wrong and the opposition. Mr. Somsak said the percentage is very low, less than 1%, and the chances of becoming a one-party government or not resting with the people. But going into the Pheu Thai Party will help as much as you can. To target 310 MPs for political polarization. Pheu Thai Party, Power Pracharath Party and Proud Thai Party after Anutin Charnvirakul led the Proud Thai Party leadership to meet Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The leader of the Pracharath Party the next day, Mr. Somsak and Mr. Suriya Rungruangkit. to meet Gen. Prawit. Mr. Somsak Affirmative action is not about forming a government. Just meet to say goodbye. In the future, if there is a conflict, it can be discussed. When asked if these political polarities will have a chance to arise, Mr. Somsak said that now there may be a spiral in the election to take people from that party to criticize each other, but after the election, Gen. Prawit's words may have to be used to overcome the conflict. He did not talk and he did not have a duty, Mr. Somsak still looked at his rivals in the election field. This time the Pheu Thai Party is about poverty and understanding the voters. Somsak refused to talk or deal directly with former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to join the Pheu Thai Party, but the Pheu Thai people accepted it very well. Thank you for not being lonely, working together and confirming that there will be no group to negotiate, especially the Sammitr group is now separated into several parties and who will become Prime Minister. After the election, Mr. Somsak sees that he must be a person who is good at managing and understands the economy and understands his teammates. Be able to have the art and have the power to control people fairly and impartially. Looking at the people as the location, which is that the candidate of the Prime Minister of the Pheu Thai Party, both Mr. Setthaweesin. To hear the idea. I like that if practical, it should be successful, so I like the part. Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family for Thailand Although she is the political heir of the Shinawatra family, people may see the political year as small. Mr. Somsak thinks that young people can do a lot and it is not right to bring 80-year-olds to work. To make work decisions Refusing to listen to other people's opinions, the decision-making process does not have to worry because there is a team of experienced people in the Pheu Thai Party to support it. The Prime Minister just listens to people to understand and follow the way they decide, they can go and see that Miss Paethongtarn already has good science. The show was strong, strong and lovely, and the chances of Thailand having a second female prime minister were evident and certain.
His Majesty the King's decree dissolved the House of Representatives. |His Majesty the King has decreed the dissolution of the House of Representatives B.E. 2023 today (March 20, 2023). The Government Gazette website published the Royal Decree on the Dissolution of the House of Representatives B.E. 2023 with details that His Majesty the King Rama II Srisindramahavajiralongkorn Given on March 17, 2023 is the 8th year of the current reign of His Majesty King Rama Thibodi Srisintorn Maha Vajiralongkorn. His Majesty the King Vajirakut has a royal decree to announce that the Prime Minister has taken the oath to inform His Majesty that as the House of Representatives has served since 2019 and has now closed the fourth annual general session which is the last year of the term of the House of Representatives, it is appropriate to dissolve the House of Representatives to hold a general election for new members of the House of Representatives in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand. In order to return the power of political decision-making to the people as soon as possible in order to ensure the continuation of democratic governance with the King as Head of State by virtue of Article 103 and Article 175 of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand, His Majesty the King has graciously enacted the Royal Decree. Section 1 This decree is called "The Decree on the Dissolution of the House of Representatives B.E. 2023"Section 2 This decree shall come into force from the date of publication in the Government Gazette onwardsSection 3 The dissolution of the House of Representatives for the election of new members of the House of Representatives shall be held as a general electionSection 4 The general election of members of the House of Representatives shall be held on the date specified by the Election Commission, which shall not be less than 45 days but not more than 60 days from the date of entry into force of this Decree. 5 The Chairman of the Election Committee shall act in accordance with this decree to the recipient of the Royal Ordinance of General Prayuth Chan-ocha, Prime Minister. Related News "Invite" Welcome to the 4th anniversary of the Council, leave it as a lesson to the next Council "Vishnu". The House of Commons is expected to take effect. Today, March 21, election day to meet "Vishnu" Jang 169
There's nothing the acting minister can do. During election season|After the Government Gazette published Act to dissolve Parliament to hold new elections The SEC has established regulations on the use of government resources or personnel to do anything that will affect the 2020 elections to ensure electoral equality. The Act dissolved Parliament to return power to the people and hold new elections. The current government became the "acting" government until a new government was formed. The Government Gazette has published the Election Commission Regulation on the Use of Government Resources or Personnel for Any Actions Affecting the 2020 Elections, effective from August 16, 2022. The said regulation stipulates the conditions for the performance of duties of the Acting Cabinet during the expiration of the term of the House of Representatives or the dissolution of Parliament in order to achieve equality and equal opportunity in elections. Off-site: State budgets are prohibited. In organizing meetings and training public or private personnel2.Do not order or delegate approval on the budget of government agencies.3.Do not order or delegate the distribution and allocation of state resources without reasonable cause.4.Do not use parcels or reimburse travel expenses from government agencies.5.Do not use state resources. Such as the spectrum. Radio broadcasting, television and telecommunication equipment6.Do not use public relations budgets of government agencies. In case the regulations are not prescribed or necessary. The SEC may impose exceptions or waiver of compliance with the regulations.    
"Gen. Prayuth" Opening up after the dissolution of Parliament to work and politics|Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Open your mind after the dissolution of Parliament and move forward to work as the acting government. As for whether to be on the list of MPs of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, he did not answer, but confirmed that he will be nominated as the party's prime minister candidate today (March 20, 2023). After the Government Gazette published the decree dissolving Parliament. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister reiterated that everything is in accordance with the procedure of the law. He thanked the administration and lawmakers for their work over the past 4 years, but declined to assess their satisfaction with the past performance. Before reiterating that he would continue to work as the acting government, but would have to separate between the executive and political branches, Gen Prayuth said that entering the political road in full swing would be a "great opportunity". The family has no problems or interferes, but it is entirely up to the decisions. Meanwhile, it declined to clarify whether it would be down. Are MPs on the roster of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party? But he said he would be nominated as the party's prime minister candidate in the future. Will there be a list of alternate candidates? The party will have to discuss it again because the Constitution stipulates that the term of the Prime Minister must not exceed 8 years. The former Cabinet shall continue to perform its duties until there is a new Cabinet, but shall not approve the work or project binding the next Cabinet, shall not appoint or transfer, shall not disburse the emergency budget - necessary, and shall not use the resources of the State or persons of the State unless: The SAT has agreed to take action, with the Prime Minister reportedly reporting tomorrow. call According to Article 103 of the Constitution, elections must be held not less than 45 days but not more than 60 days from the decree dissolving the Parliament. It is expected that the SEC will set the date for the recruitment of MPs in the district system from April 3 to 7 and the list system from April 4 to 7 and set Sunday, May 7 as the date of early election. Meanwhile, the general election date will be Sunday, May 14, 2023. The campaign timeline for Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha has been laid out and he is preparing to make a statement at all 400 constituencies across the country. Saturday, March 25 While the Pracharath Party By General Prawit Wongsuwan Call a party meeting to set the agenda for tomorrow's election. The Pheu Thai Party will open the list of prime ministers in all 3 party names on April 5.
"Setha" points to dissolution of Parliament, turning point in Thailand|"Economics" Pointing to the dissolution of parliament as a turning point for Thailand, which will determine the direction of the country in the elections in less than 60 days. Study of hopeful political party policies To move the country forward and make life better today (20 March 2023) Mr. Settha Thaveesin Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand Facebook post Srettha Thavisin At 5:00 p.m. after the dissolution of Parliament. Mr. Setha stated that as a citizen, I would like to invite you to study the policies, positions, and ideologies of various political parties in order to find a political party that will be your hope to become your hope, to become the image of my dream Thailand, to move the country and make your lives better. He added that the Pheu Thai Party is ready to create positive change for all groups of people equally, reduce inequality in society, and reclaim Thailand's dignity on the world stage. Your opportunity to shape Thailand has arrived. March 21 election day to meet with "Vishnu" Jang M.169 "Gen. Prayuth" Open your mind after the dissolution of Parliament to continue working - Politics of the King's Royal Decree Dissolving the House of Representatives 
Election date predicted after dissolution of Parliament|Following the announcement of the Dissolution of Parliament Act yesterday (March 20, 2023) The prime minister will continue to work as an acting government until a new government is formed, which can assess the election date timeline. After the announcement of the Act on the Dissolution of Parliament on the Government Gazette website. Article 103 states that the election date must be "not less than 45 days but not later than 60 days after the decree dissolving Parliament". May 4 is Coronation Day, so if the SEC chooses May 7 for the long weekend, the SAT may choose May 14 as the most likely, and those who return home during the long weekend will be able to exercise their early voting rights on May 7. The leader of the National Pattana Party petitioned the Administrative Court to revoke the announcement. Will the issue of delimitation of constituencies cause the election day to be postponed? Mr. Vishnu Kruangarm Deputy Prime Minister for Legal Affairs He said it was up to the Administrative Court to order, but if the Administrative Court issued an order that the delimitation of electoral districts was unlawful, the SEC would have to redivide the districts, which would not affect the election timeframe. This government will continue to act until a new government is formed, which if election day is still May 14, it should have a new government in August while waiting for a new government. This Cabinet shall have restrictions on the exercise of powers, i.e. it cannot approve works or projects that are binding to The new cabinet can't appoint transfers. Emergency budget disbursement - necessary and unable to use state resources or government personnel that affect elections.
Analysis: "Big Fortress" meat good popular type, but strange poll scores do not rise|Because people in society cannot overcome conflict. Polarization is still evident, and many people are tired of the vicious cycle of politics that repeat elections, government elections, coups and constitutional tears up and re-elections. An additional question was that the referee jumped onto the pitch with "Big Pom". As the head of the Pracharath Power Party, he stepped up as an alternative by announcing his request to volunteer to lead the country through conflict and made it clear through 5-6 open letters that he opposed the coup and insisted that he was not involved in the seizure of power on May 22, 2014. Suppressing and eliminating those who oppose the protest or even symbolically express themselves like eating the "Big Fort" sandwich also flips the character from a former military officer who speaks little. without I don't know. Become a kind old uncle. Dress like a little old. Wear a contemporary jacket. Wear jeans and sneakers to the market. Walk Chinatown, including when going to the area to inspect the water government, meet with the people, receive flowers. The white cloth closely, and being regularly kissed on the cheek by girls of my aunt's generation is a new image that has been compared to "Big Tu" who has a unique personality. Hot-tempered, loud-spoken, bulging face, often dressed formally, even when going to the government inspection site or meeting with the villagers, the chances of anyone reaching out to kiss the cheek like "Big Pom" do not appear to be undeniable that the rhythm and movement of "Big Pom" appear in the media pages, both mainstream media and online media continuously. Not inferior to the heads of political parties or other prime ministerial candidates who are different and attractive to people to follow is colorful, casual lifestyle surrounded by villagers like each other. No offense. Look and relax. Not serious, serious compared to others. While the subject matter is not overlooked. Whether it's about the state welfare card policy. Increase to 700 baht per month, allowance for the elderly, as well as the launch of an economic team. Former Commerce Minister and former marketer Teerachai Bhuwanathnaranubal, former Finance Minister Yingluck Shinawatra and M.L. Korkasiwat Kasemsri, energy scholars. life The cost of living and the rehabilitation of all businesses are necessary and will be another selling point for the party compared to the amulet industry. "Big Pom" must also be classified as a group of popular monks who are in demand in the market. Affordable price It is considered to be a central chain that can be linked to different political parties. He even shared a picture at a lunch table with Proud Thai Party leader Anutin Charnvirakul and two other party leaders the day before. It further enhances the image of being a ten-way coordinator even more surprisingly. It is the popular vote for both "Big Pom" and the Power Pracharath Party since Gen. Prayuth moved to the Ruam Thai National Building Party. Poll Results However, it did not move or rise as it should, Nida Poll 4Q22 nationwide. Meanwhile, Ung Ing, Ms Paetongtarn Shinawatra led by 34 per cent, Gen Prayuth in second place with 14 per cent and Pitha Limcharoenrat in second place. The party leader went far in third place with 13.2 percent, but Gen Prawit was not in the top 10. Meanwhile, MPs from both districts and Pracharath Power lists ranked seventh with only 4 percent in the provinces according to the Nida Poll in Nakhon Si Thammarat. There were 4 MPs in the same power at the beginning of February. While Gen Prayut got 29 seats, "Ung Ing" got 21 percent, Gen Prawit was in 11th place with just 1 percent, while the party's popular vote was 9th with 3.1 percent, more than Chonburi province, where Pracharath dominated the majority of MPs in the 2019 election. In mid-February 2023, Gen Prawit ranked in the top 10 with only 1 percent, compared to Ung Ing and Gen Prayuth ranked 1st and 2nd with 31 percent and 18.8 percent, respectively. Udon Thani province is ahead with 48.2 percent, Pitha is second at 11.9 percent and Gen Prayuth is 10.2 percent, Big Pom is in 10th place along with several other prime minister candidates, together with just 2 percent. Now we have to rely on Mr. Virat Rattanasert, the leader of the Nakhon Ratchasima group. Thammanat Prompapa, former secretary-general of the party, as well as an MP for Ban Yai group in Samut Prakan province, will see how many MPs he will get and whether he will remain with Big Pom at all. If it is a good meat version. Popular Prints People like it, just not having a vote in the poll will be useless at all.
Analysis: "Billions of Flour" for Thailand Weerasak Wangsupakitkosol|How many people were born into poor, fertile families? I graduated from 7th grade for the first time. Because he had to come out to farm cassava to earn money for his brothers before he later went back to school. After graduating from high school, he went on to graduate with a bachelor's degree from Ramkhamhaeng University, becoming an idol. worth billions of baht. The villagers supported him to become a gold tongs for 2 times, followed by stepping into the political arena, becoming a deputy minister in 2 ministries. Join forces with the Pheu Thai Party, Sandream Land Slide In Nakhon Ratchasima As for his wife, he became the Prime Minister of Korat.This is "Kamnanpo" Mr. Weerasak Wangsupakitkosol. One of the new home people who can't be overlooked, even just being "Ban Yai" Buriram tapped to be the chief general to fight the Nakhon Ratchasima election in 2019 and was able to flag 3 MPs under his party and was awarded the position of Deputy Commerce Minister. He was the head of national politicians before that, even with Mr. Seksakol (Suporn) Atthawong. Leaders of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party in the Northeast Before, they helped each other before. Just an adversary traveled the way it did. This is before the 2019 election. After Rambo screamed, Korat Police Commission accused a group of big politicians to winch for villagers' ID cards. With a curious purpose, but not that the path of "Kamnanpo" is bright and smooth, only positive. Negative misfortunes also shuffle into his life quite a bit. After the 2019 election, he almost narrowly lost the chair of the Commerce Minister because he had been convicted of trespassing on land in the 1,200th district of SOP. But he refused. Confirm that the lawsuit has already been over by the time of the inauguration. After winning the election for Nakhon Ratchasima Provincial Governor of Nakhon Ratchasima province of his wife, Mrs. Yolada Wangsupakitkosol. In January 2021, the disclosure of the assets and liabilities of the NACC did not reveal more than 10 billion baht in liabilities of "Kamnanpo" and his wife. When he first became a minister, he was questioned as to why the tens of billions of debts were wiped out so quickly just two years before Kamnanpo clarified that the missing debt of 9 billion baht was not a debt he had incurred, but a debt that was caused by signing business guarantees for another person. When the reparation is made. This part of the debt disappeared, but the most serious was that the internal ties with the "Big Level" in the Proud Thai Party were too rickety to continue. It is a major reason why he left the party that smells so good for politicians to go to the Pheu Thai Party as one of the main factors that led to the Pheu Thai Party leader and Mr. Prasert Chanthawongthong. Pheu Thai Party Secretary-General Korat people are confident that the Pheu Thai Party will retake the most MPs in the province and take it back from the Pracharath Power Party led by Mr. Virat Ratset. MP6 In the 2019 election, Kamnan Po, as another main leader of the "Think Big" camp, secretly hoped for many chairs, two of them were his real brother who was Kamnan Kut Church where he used to sit and his real nephew who is the deputy prime minister of Korat province. No one knows better than Kamnan Po Analysis: Prajak Mawongsa
"Setha" would like to consider whether to continue the "Prayuth" policy or not.|"Settha" thanked "Prayuth" for the continuation of the policy, but if "For Thailand" is the government, it would like to consider the appropriateness to be in line with the policy for Thailand. Yan definitely does not think to benefit anyone. Aiming to revise the national strategy and solve the President to be the people's version today (March 21, 2023) Mr. Settha Thaveesin Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand wished Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-o-cha the birthday anniversary on March 21. Gen. Prayuth is happy and wishes him good health. No matter what you do, as a new politician to run for election, Mr. Settha also sees that fighting together is the right word, but we are not fighting, which is the important issue of the Pheu Thai Party. Gen. Prayuth has done that some things may be appropriate and some may not be appropriate. Speaking about the 20-year national strategy that has been framed, he noted that there will be long-term benefits for certain groups of people if the Pheu Thai Party becomes the government, saying, "The main sentence is to benefit. We definitely don't," before turning to Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. Pheu Thai Party leader, right? This is a big deal, Dr. Chon Nan. He added that the national strategy is one of the issues that the Pheu Thai Party has always sought to amend in the constitution because it is not in line with the current situation and context of global change. The political context and the constitution itself must be the people's constitution. Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family for Thailand and Mr. Settha Thaveesin After the dissolution of Parliament, the prayer march began with the worship of the Bangkok City Pillar Shrine. Paying homage to the Buddha Maha Mani Rattana Patra or Emerald Buddha to pay homage to the image of King Buraphom Maha Rattana at Prasat Phra Thep Bidron.Ms. Paethongtarn said that today is a good day to come to pray for the Buddha but has planned it earlier and the campaign line after this will go fully operational. Miss PAETHONGTHAN He immediately replied that the party is ready, he can hold an election tomorrow and will definitely exercise his right because he is expected to give birth at the end of the month. April or early May, while Mr. Settha added that Miss Paethongtarn will be on the stage for the last big speech because it is a very important and indispensable stage. Ms Paethongtarn responded that if elected on May 14, she would see herself on the stage to give a speech and whether the prime minister's candidacy would have to be on the list of MPs. Ms Paethong Tarn said it was up to the party executive committee and she had always reiterated that she could do anything to help the country because she couldn't do it alone. Must work together as a team in case of observation of candidate adjustment. Phayao province to make way. R.A. Thammanat Prompao Leader of the Pracharath Party Dr. Chonnan emphasized that it is only an observation, but as long as the primaries have not been done to vote on public opinion, it can be adjusted at any time. Insist there is no extinguishing anything, because if the people refuse, they cannot change themselves. When asked what to bless Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha on his birthday Miss Paethongtarn Health is important, I wish you good health.
Dissolve the parliament! The people voted for re-election. Cure stomach|Thai PBS polled some people in favor of "dissolution of parliament", suggesting new elections would like to see the incoming government solve the stomach problem, which is urgent. Select MPs based on their individual and party policies. After the dissolution of Parliament yesterday (March 20, 2023) Thai PBS polled the majority in favor of dissolving Parliament to return power to the people to exercise their right to vote again. Many people decide on their candidates. MPs from individuals and political party policies The urgent problem is to solve the stomach problem. Some residents in Kamphaeng Phet province said that the election that will be held in May will decide which candidate to choose. MPs from the party's policies, especially in terms of power, fuel, etc. And solve the problem of cheaper consumer goods, including the minimum wage because most of them suffer from the high cost of living, while villagers in Phichit province said they would choose their candidate. MPs from the party itself and its policies They want to come in and solve the problem of the cost of living expensive belongings. Unlike the owner of a la carte restaurant in Nakhon Sawan province. Mr. Wallop Jitkrasan The owner of a la carte restaurant in Nakhon Sawan province who wants political parties to adopt policies to solve stomach problems. By deciding to choose MPs from the party's policies while the opinion of the new generation in Loei province. Said he was happy to run for re-election. No matter who will be the next government, must be strong and want to be democratic for the villagers in Mahasarakham province. He said he was happy to be re-elected, reflecting his opinion on the choice of MPs. Hydroponic vegetable growing group representative Songkhla Municipality stated that politicians who are on the ground to help people continuously and are easily accessible. It is the choice of Songkhla people, while Phuket residents. It states that politicians must have a vision. Understand economic problems to make Thai people live well and access the livelihoods of villagers, including having integrity and honesty, read related news"Gen. Prayuth" Opening up after the dissolution of Parliament to move forward with work - politics Thai stock market does not respond to news of dissolution of parliament - private sector worried about acting government
"Prawit" wishes Prayuth a happy birthday and wishes him a successful job for the country.|Gen. Prawit wishes Gen. Prayuth a happy birthday and wishes him good health, happiness and successful work for the country. Diary section Let's think about it before today (March 21, 2023). Before the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers, His Majesty the King and Her Majesty the Queen presented a vase of flowers to Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister on the occasion of his 69th birthday at the Ivory Room Thai Twin Fah Building Government House with reports that the Prime Minister went to make merit and prayed for the blessings of His Majesty the King. The Patriarch wished him success in his work. The usual discussion room was closed. Deputy Prime Minister and Interior Minister Anutin Charnvirakul said he wished Deputy Prime Minister and Health Minister Anutin Charnvirakul a happy birthday. The Cabinet blesses me again. He asked the Prime Minister, while the Prime Minister told Gen Prawit, and then after the cabinet meeting, Gen Prawit did not respond to media questions asking if the 69-year-old had a special wish for the Prime Minister or would help the Prime Minister. But when asked if he had made any wishes and would return to form a government for Gen Prayuth, he said: "I don't know. Gen Prawit did not answer these questions, but turned his head to look at the reporters and got in the car to read the relevant news, dissolved Parliament! The people voted for re-election. What can't the acting minister do? During election season
Analysis: "The Nation" dreams of winning 16 MPs Axe handle end area|Lurking quietly, worthy of the nickname "Axe Tip Party" when Pol. Gen. Tawee surveilled. The General Secretary of the Prachachart Party announced that it will sweep at least 16 MPs in the three southern border provinces of Yala, Pattani, Narathiwat and will expand its base to send more MPs to the lower southern provinces of Satun, Songkhla, Nakhon Si Thammarat, and Phatthalung in the 2019 elections. The remaining two seats belong to the Democratic Party and one each for the 2023 elections. As a result, the three provinces will have 12 MPs, Pattani will have 4 MPs. Narathiwat constituency will have 5 MPs. The big house at the end of the axe handle of Mr. Wan Muhammad Nor. Mata The leader of the Democratic Party will have 3 MPs. Pol Col Thawee said that politics in the sector from 2019 to the present must accept that the southern and district MPs are all political parties belonging to the government. Opposition MPs in the tri-province area belong to the Prachachart Party, six and one party-list MP, Pol Col Thawee said. The system has switched to two cards like in 2011, so the Prachachart Party has adjusted its strategy to fight in the area, namely the strategy to expand the popular base in the district MP system out of the three provinces. By expanding into the lower South, the popular list system of MPs is strategically made to do the whole country by raising party policies to attract the attention of the people. He believes that the policies of the party presented can be done and presented to reach the people just like the major political parties. Corruption, land reform, welfare state, and human creation. Welfare State Policy and Land Reform for Farmers to Have Arable Land Secretary-General of the Prachachart Party He said the party is confident of winning 12-15 seats in the three southern border provinces and three in Songkhla and Surat Thani provinces, and is expected to get about 16 seats in total. The party's popular vote has risen by more than 70 percent, which is very high. Although some areas have never won an MP, the popular vote has reached 62 percent, Pol Col Thawee said. The party's district MPs are old MPs in the area. The new MPs will win most of the old MPs, which the party is not complacent and needs to understand a lot of people because there are other factors such as state power and money use in the three provinces. If the villagers elect the Democratic Party, 50 percent of the total is Landslide. We will only have 2 MPs, but if we elect 13 MPs in our district, the party is confident that we will get 16 MPs." When we have this line, what you can see is that most of the locals are awake," said the secretary-general of the Prachachart Party, which recently indicated that the Prachachart Party is the No. 1 political party in the three southern border provinces that is likely to be chosen as a zonal MP, which matches the party's poll results.
"Anutin" embraced the Prime Minister Chuenmuen, the Prime Minister told him not to ask far and shake the hand of "P.T." Set up the next battle.|"Anutin" hugged Prime Minister Chuenmuen insisting that there was nothing and there was no deal with any party. Don't ask if the next election will be a coalition government. Today (21 Mar 2023) After the Cabinet meeting was completed, which took about 2 hours. The ministers brought vases of flowers and garlands to wish them a happy birthday. Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha at the Yellow Room of the Santi Maitri Building, Government House. The Deputy Prime Minister led the Cabinet to wish himself a happy birthday every year, which is already a tradition among Thai people. The reporter asked about his relationship with Anutin. The Prime Minister immediately turned to Anutin and he embraced the Prime Minister with a good laugh, as well as the Prime Minister with a smiling expression and insisted that there was nothing and that there was no deal with any party as the reporter tried to say that he wanted to see the two of them hugging again. To which the Prime Minister replied that normally no one is easy to hug and whether they will shake hands to form the next government or not. The Prime Minister said, "Don't go that far.
"Vishnu" enumerates the practices. Acting Minister during the election|"Vishnu" detailed the actions taken during the acting government to the Cabinet meeting. The election date is expected to be announced today (March 21, 2023). Mr. Vishnu Kruangarm vice-premier He said he had clarified details about the actions taken during the Acting Government to the Cabinet meeting today. The clarification part is not going to inquire. Each minister asked questions about his or her own experience, especially his concerns, when attending an event or event, but there was an invited host or spokesperson to take the stage or to suggest that he was a minister preparing to be a candidate who advised that if this happens, do not go on stage or go to provincial government. People come to give flowers, hugs or kisses on the cheeks. The election commissioner suggested that you take it, but don't answer anything. Anyone who finishes their official duties first and then talks can attend a wedding and go on stage to greet them, but do not introduce themselves as candidates or to other political parties. Any that has the picture and position of the minister on it must be taken down. Attach a picture of the candidate to the leader of the Southern Party, attach the picture of the candidate to the potential prime minister. Close the photo with the leading members of each political party. However, you cannot attach a photo to someone who is not a party member. It must not look at it as seeking positions or benefits from the duties of policy or other people's work, such as the policies that Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra has already made and will continue. Mr. Vishnu said that tomorrow (March 22) the date of the election should be announced, Mr. Vishnu said that if the minister can continue using the highway car, he does not have to return it because he is still a minister on duty. The salary is also earned, but you have to refuel yourself, as well as traveling to provincial governments, you can use a car or helicopter and it will take time to return after the campaign. Therefore, be careful that campaign signs that have been previously posted can be used and will be counted towards campaign expenses, but if removed, they will not be counted. During election period, election day is predicted. After announcing the dissolution of parliament, "Gen. Prayuth" Opening up after the dissolution of Parliament to work and politics
"Chuvit" Launched a megaphone and held up a sign against "free marijuana" in the middle of the city. |Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit launched an anti-cannabis campaign in Soi Lalaisap or Silom Soi 5 and distributed shirts and souvenirs amid a large number of people waiting to receive their belongings and reiterated that they will continue to fight free cannabis throughout the area before the election day today (March 21, 2023). Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former politician, set up a campaign table to distribute shirts. Brooches and stickers Anti-Marijuana Liberalization In front of Soi Lalaisap or Silom People came to wait to receive queue cards to receive a large number of items, then Mr. Chuvit walked the announcement and held up a banner against it. He did not support political parties that promote free marijuana policies for traders and company employees within Silom Soi 5, before sitting at the table to declare that the first day of the campaign against free marijuana had alluded to political parties that created camouflage policies for political gain, especially liberal marijuana policies. As a result, children and youth And propose that marijuana be listed as a drug should be under the control of a physician only because there is no other country that is as free to sell cannabis as Thailand. Mr. Chuvit insisted that he would continue to campaign against free marijuana before the election deadline and after the election was completed, he would act as a citizen to monitor the formation of the government and ministers, especially the Ministry of Transport. Responsible for this ministry so that there is no corruption while in front of There are police to facilitate traffic because there are people who attend to listen and go to some of the surface of the traffic and there is no disturbance.
"Seth Hi" releases "RTSO" ready to fight Northern Elections Not afraid of the "land slide" trend|Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party prepares for election "Seth Hi" to fire 17 northern provinces ready to fight hard without fear of landslide today (March 21, 2023) The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) has been bustling since the morning after Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha announced the dissolution of Parliament on March 20. MPs came to process documents and prepare various registers in accordance with the regulations of the Election Commission (SEC). And take a photo today, the party has arranged time for prospective candidates. MPs from all 33 Bangkok districts and potential MPs candidates in the Central Region In the afternoon, there was a meeting of the regional committee and in the evening a meeting of the party executive committee to prepare for the election. Leader of the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTTC) responsible for the northern region He said the party's 17 northern provinces are now fully prepared. The party will send all the constituencies that have been in the area all the time and have been welcomed by the people as well because they know that they will come to help. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime ministerial candidate of the Ruam Thai National Building Party continued to work. The party's MPs have taken Gen Prayuth's work to clarify almost everything to the public. Fortunately, there is no need to explain much because the public already knows what Gen Prayuth's government has done, especially to tackle COVID-19. The public is very satisfied because he is directly affected, another thing that the public says a lot about Gen. Prayuth is honesty and transparency that is quite clear. This includes adherence to the country's core institutions. As for talking about dictatorship, the villagers know that it is a discourse that opponents try to accuse. Built for impairment Gen. Prayuth, despite becoming prime minister in a democratic way, said that from the field, he knew that the villagers still support the Ruam Thai National Building Party and Gen. Prayuth very well, so he is not afraid of the landslide that some parties are trying to talk about, but we do not insult it because it can happen or cannot happen. When we are fighters on the field, we have to think that we are good when we go on the field and we have to fight because there are still people who believe in the party and have faith. Gen. Prayuth is a lot, so we have to fight for them. At the same time, when we are determined to work for the nation, if we are shaken by the landslide and then retreat or quit. What do people who believe and give hope want to continue? I do not want to state that the Northern Thai Unification Party will build the nation. But I can say that I will remove the speech because I have confidence, not confidence from sitting in an air-conditioned room, but confidence from going to the ground. He lived in a different province rather than in Bangkok, to everywhere in the north, on the hill, on the hill, seeing that the reality is not what has been created to create fear. Like a boxer before punching, creating a scary image, but the actual punch is nothing like what some parties are trying to do.
Election Day 14 May 23 Candidates for District 3-7 are now open.|The SEC unanimously knocked May 14, 2023 as the ballot drop date, open for candidates for district MPs April 3-7, early voting May 7 today (March 21, 2023). Reporters reported that the Election Commission (SEC) The meeting was held to consider the date of the 2023 election and the date of announcement of the candidacy of MPs. The SEC unanimously chose Sunday, May 14, 2023 as the election day, which is the 55th day of the 60-day period. The opening of the list of MPs is scheduled for April 4-7. After the resolution, the matter will be sent to the Acting Cabinet Meeting for acknowledgement and sent to the Cabinet Secretariat for further notification in the Government Gazette. It is reported that the opening of applications for Bangkok district MPs will be held at the Thai-Japanese Stadium. Din Daeng As for the recruitment of MPs on the list held in Bangkok 2, according to the Decree on the Dissolution of the House of Representatives B.E. 2023, which came into force on March 20, 2023, the Election Commission is required to announce the general election of members of the House of Representatives. The Office of the Election Commission has proposed a draft plan for holding elections for members of the House of Representatives and announced the Election Commission regarding the election of members of the House of Representatives. The meeting of the Election Commission considered and approved the proposal by the Office of the Election Commission. As follows:1. Approved the draft plan for the election of members of the House of Representatives, with important tasks. As follows:1.1 Sunday, May 14, 2023 is the election day for members of the House of Representatives.1.2 Sunday, May 7, 2023 is the day of voting before Election Day.1.3 The date for the application of members of the House of Representatives by constituency, list form, and political party to inform the list of persons to be appointed as Prime Minister. As follows:1.4 The deadline for submitting applications for voter registration before the election day is from March 25 - April 9, 2023.5 Notification of reasons for not being able to vote during May 7 - 13, 2023 and May 15 - 21, 20219. Approved five draft announcements of the Election Commission relating to the election of members of the House of Representatives, as follows: 2.1 Draft Notification of the Election Commission on 2.2 Determine the date of election, the date of application for the election of the constituency, the date of application for the election of the bad list, the name and the place where the political party will submit the list of candidates.2.2 Draft Notification of the Election Commission on the Number of Members of the House of Representatives in the Divided Constituencies that each province will have and the number of constituencies in each province Using the information according to the Election Commission announcement on the number of members of the House of Representatives by constituency. Number of constituencies and localities that make up constituencies Dated 16 Jan 20232.3 Draft Notification of the Election Commission on the candidacy for members of the House of Representatives2.4 Draft Notification of the Election Commission Re: Determination of the date and time of submission of applications for voter registration before the election day, with the deadline for submission of applications for registration from March 27 to April 13, 20232.5 Draft Notification of the Election Commission Re: Determination of the date and time of voting before the election day at the central election For central elections in constituencies, non-constituency central elections, and central elections for persons with disabilities or disabilities or the elderly, the Office of the Election Commission shall send such notification to the Cabinet Secretariat for publication in the Government Gazette as soon as possible. : Telling stories from the past "Elections in Thailand", the acting minister can not do anything. During the election period, the Royal Decree dissolved the House of Representatives. Not worried the Administrative Court ruling on the division of electoral districts.
Telling stories from the past "Elections in Thailand"|Thailand has won 26 elections, the first of which occurred in 1933. The latter changed the regime, but for the duration of the route. Thai democracy, through so many stories that must be recorded in the pages of electoral history, is the key to democratic governance. That allows people who own sovereignty to exercise their right to self-government. The election of representatives to represent them for the election is divided into two categories: direct elections and indirect elections. He said that of Thailand's 26 elections, only the first election on November 15, 2033 was an indirect election. In that election, it was stipulated that there were two types of MPs, one from which was elected by the people and the other was from the appointment of elected MPs chosen by the people. The 2nd to 26th elections were all direct elections, that is, the people who voted to elect MPs themselves, and the dirtiest election in history was the 7th election on February 26, 1957, which was an election that was not honest and transparent. Intervention was used to force villagers to choose candidates from the ruling party. Assault political opponents by distributing attack flyers. People use candles to vote for so-called "paratroopers." When the chest is closed, the prepared ballot is inserted into the so-called "fire card" and the ballot box is secretly changed in a secret place of view. It also took 7 days and 7 nights to count the electoral votes, causing people to reject the results. A protest took place until Marshal P. Phibulsongkram The then prime minister admitted that the election was not pure and would hold new elections. The protesters dispersed, but new elections were not held due to a military coup led by Marshal Sarit Thanarat. The 8th election on 15 December 1957 and the 9th election on 10 February 1969 were 12 years apart due to the coup d'état by the then government. The original constitution was abolished and a new constitution was drafted, which took nine years to draft and was completed in 1968, and new elections were announced: the 9th election on 10 February 1969, the 16th election on 22 March 1992 and the 17th on 13 September 1992. There was a six-month gap dating back to 1991, before the 17th election. Later, when elections were held, nominations were made. Gen. Suchinda became Prime Minister again. It was seen as a succession of powers, leading to political rallies in November. May 2535 or "May Tamil" The losses were so widespread that Gen. Suchinda had to announce his resignation and have a royal decree to appoint him. Anand Panyarachun became Prime Minister with the constitutional amendment adding that "the Prime Minister must come from MPs". When the mission is accomplished, Mr. Anand then announced the dissolution of the House of Representatives and the 17th election on September 13, 1992.Source: Parliament Museum
The SAT is not worried about the administrative court ruling on the division of electoral districts.|The secretary of state is not worried. The Administrative Court ruled on the division of electoral districts, believing that there was no problem, pointing out that the "Chuvit" knot campaigned not to choose a political party, must see whether the law is contrary or not. Political parties are open to donations if they exceed 10,000. SAT Today (21 Mar 2023) Election Commission Secretary-General Mr. Pilgrim Boonmee said that he had not yet seen the subpoena, insisting that the election would be held in accordance with the constitutional obligations and that he believed there would be no problems. Everyone is asked to stay where they belong, respect the law in the race, whether it is the SEC, election officials, and the acting government that must comply with the law and Article 169 of the Constitution, and public officials must not abuse their positions. He believes that if everyone complies with the law, the administration of elections and the conduct of elections will be in order, and believes that the election will be conducted well, but acknowledges that the election contest may be as violent as the news comes out. But the bureau has measures in place to take care of it, and today will be considered a day. To start holding elections, which will be new conditions. At first, the campaign may not be intense, but knowing the constituency clearly and announcing the date of the election may intensify the election campaign. The SAT is still taking legal action in the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit coming out to communicate with the people. Do not support the Proud Thai Party Mr. Sawong said that according to the Constitution, Thai people have the right to freedom, but at the same time, when exercising their rights, they must respect the law. Especially when the election decree has already been issued. The law protects and allows competition to comply with the rules, which if Mr. Chuvit is not guilty, he can do so according to the rules, but he must also look at the facts whether it is considered an illegal act when asked repeatedly whether the campaign not to elect anyone is illegal or not. The SAT secretary clarified that Section 73 stipulates that in the case where a political party campaigns for people to donate money to make campaign banners of that political party. Preliminary legal review has been carried out. Clarified that it may be a form of campaigning under Section 68 is that the candidate, whether it is a party or the candidate himself, an MP can receive donations from individuals for use. per election only during the period of decree. If the total amount exceeds 10,000 baht in 1 day, the SEC must be notified within 7 daysRead more: Election Day May 14, 2023 Candidates for the District 3-7 congressional district are now open for the Royal Decree to dissolve the House of Representatives.
Alliance joins hands to report election results, MPs expect results to close the chest|Digital Television Association of Thailand Leading the organizers and partners to hold a press conference to prepare the results of the 2023 general election for MPs, unofficial results are expected to be available in all constituencies and lists no later than 21.00 a.m. today (March 21, 2023). Preparing a report on the results of this election 50 partners such as Digital Television Association (Thailand), Online News Producers Association More than 30 news agencies partnered with civil society organizations. Partner organizations such as Thailand Fintech Association, Thai Metaverse Association, D-Vote, Internet for Law Citizens Project Dhurakij Pundit University, Sripatum University, Association of Provincial Administrative Organization of Thailand, Association of Municipalities of Thailand, Association of Subdistrict Administration Organization of Thailand Using the Election Results Reporting Application and using crowdfunding technology to raise funds to maximize the reporting of election results in all districts. The unofficial results of the first round of preliminary results are expected to be released two hours after the polling booths close at 5 p.m. and the proportion of first-place MPs and first-place MPs will be known no later than 21 p.m. on May 14, 2023.
"Moving Forward for Thailand - Developing Nation" Intensive policy championship|Party Representative "Go Further – For Thailand – National Development Courage" The policy battle was intense, while all parties agreed that the "economy" would fix it. The government sector must contribute today (March 21, 2023). Faculty of Political Science Thammasat University held a political dialogue on the topic of discussing and announcing political party policies in the 2023 elections, with representatives from various political parties, namely For Thailand, Go Further, and Chatpattana Dare to send the people of the party, which is an economic working group, to present the party's outstanding policies. The government sector must help Mr. Phum Rojanasakul. The head of the Pheu Thai Party's policy team raised the policy of a minimum wage of 600 baht by 2029. From foreign order manufacturers will become innovators, Ms. Sirikanya Tansakul, Deputy Leader of the Progressive Party. Good policy, good politics, good stomach. Have a future and introduce a lottery bill policy. Every purchase of 500 houses from SMEs has the right to redeem 1 government lottery ticket. Deputy leader of the National Development Party proposes abolishing the blacklist Credit bureaus are open to bring all kinds of information that indicates the true status of the borrower, such as water, electricity, phone bills, etc. The so-called credit scoring system relies on technology and fair data, what representatives of all political parties agree on is that the government sector must reduce the process of doing business in order to facilitate the public and private sector and believe that it is important to help the country have a better economy.
"Abhisit" Open mind to the reason for not running for MP hoping to maintain his political stance|"Abhisit" Keep an open mind to political space. The MP stated that he was against his own political stance and to create unity in the party and not to confuse the people, but he was also ready to support the party and help the campaign. Reporters reported that on March 21, 2023, Abhisit Vejjajiva, the former leader of the Democratic Party, gave an interview on "Sharp and Deep" on Nation TV, stating that the announcement of not running for an accountant and not being a candidate for Prime Minister of the Democratic Party stated that there really was no complicated. Considering the circumstances, he was both a former MP and resigned as leader of the Democratic Party in the last election. After failing to lead the party to its goals, Young resigned as an MP after the Democratic Party decided to join Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha in forming the government, which he had previously campaigned for in the 2019 election, telling the people that he would not work with the government. Gen. Prayuth, therefore, had to take responsibility and keep his word from that day to today for almost 4 years when the election was held. The head of the Democratic Party said he would like to invite former party leaders and personnel to run for the election, and then meet with himself where they exchanged opinions, including talking with former party leader Chuan Leungpai and former party leader Kantam Norm to sit down and discuss what would be best. As for going to help the campaign, according to the wishes of each candidate who thinks it can help or not, or help without affecting the work of the party, Mr. Abhisit also said that I may not propose (not to run for MP) but a joint decision, which he has said since he does not want to contradict the party. Therefore, whatever resolution is to be conclusive, which is exchanged, the former leader of the Democratic Party said. Throughout my professional life, I am an MP, if I put it on the list, I believe that I will be in the rank to become an MP, so if you just think that you want to be an MP, there is no problem. I can answer, but I have a duty to think about the organization, to think about the whole party. This is the right fit for me and my party, and to sort these things out there shouldn't be too hard to understand, and if on March 20 we decided together to put ourselves in the running position, we would be in the right place. Today, there will be a lot of questions. From now until election day or until after the election, which is unlikely to be good for the party. Therefore, I work, I adhere to the Lord.
For Thailand Launching in 33 districts on March 24 - "Confident of winning"|To Thailand held a launch event for prospective candidates. Bangkok MPs in 33 districts, March 24 "Paethongtarn-Settha" jointly launched 10 areas of Bangkok policy and listened to the opinions of city residents "Skawjai" to clarify the change of candidate districts. Mr. Wichan Minchainun Bangkok Region Chairman, Pheu Thai Party, along with Miss Sakawjai Poonsawat Candidates for the House of Representatives. Bangkok joins the launch ceremony of MPs in 33 districts 24 Mar 2023 Under the campaign "Think Big for the People of Bangkok", a new vision for Thailand and Bangkok will be showcased in the future. Stadium One Chula Soi 6 from 17.30 - 19.30 hrs. It is expected that the event will propose policies that will benefit the people of Bangkok in 10 aspects, such as economic matters. Pollution Problems, Education Environment, Medical Care Section Ms. Skawjai said that the event will unveil the candidates of the 33 districts of the Pheu Thai Party, saying that the Pheu Thai Party is ready to run in this election and is ready to win all 33 districts. The district will also have a surprise and will be a different launch from previous ones, which will be attended by LGBTQ celebrities, fortune tellers Saimu, influencers and professional groups. Opinion from all sides on how they want Bangkok to change and the Pheu Thai Party is ready to solve the problem as soon as it is the government and its colleagues who will come to talk to the people. Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family for Thailand and Mr. Settha Thaweesin He also expressed his readiness to take everyone forward, but Mr. Wichan insisted that the launch would not replace the candidate unless necessary. Mr. Wichan also mentioned the problem of demarcation in Bangkok that forced the Pheu Thai Party to allocate new candidates. At the same time, the people were confused, so they had to make signs to inform the people, but they were ready for all the rules in this election. Ms. Skawjai said that she is confident but will be more tired of explaining to the people where the districts and districts where the candidates are located and believing that everyone has the same amount of time after the dissolution of Parliament, no one will be disadvantaged and after moving the constituency to the Lat Phrao-Bueng Kum area. The response was good because of former MP Pol Phum Vibhat Topo. The owner of the area has done well and said that he still works as a team and admitted that he may have to work hard but will not be tired of showing readiness because he did it with his heart. : "Settha" points to dissolution of parliament, turning point in Thailand, "Chon Nan" suggests "Prayuth" wants to know true democracy must be an MP
 The colours of the campaign song "Election 66" reflect the policy and concept of "political party".|Campaign Music The 2023 election reflects the concept and policy of "political parties" through letters. As the election season approaches, many parties are gradually launching policies. One thing that helps create awareness and understanding among the people more easily is the songwriting. Compile some music verses that reflect political ideas and policies inserted by various political parties.1. Party for Thai Song Think Big for All Thais "For all Thais, for people of all ages, must change. Our Thailand Reduce inequality Leading the way in education, jointly developing soft power and Thai crops"2.Democratic Party Song New Morning"The glow of the era shines Like the morning when the sun shines in the sky. Wake us up, wake up, open our eyes. How beautiful is the future? Think of whatever you want. Follow your dreams, I wish you to reach your destination"3. Power Pracharath Song"Power Pracharath will overcome conflict. Gather all the force. The power of the state will unite the people to go forward." "The Progressive Party is the future of all of us, because power must belong to the people, ready to fight and fight against the root cause." "From the tricolor flag, the nation building is the land of Thailand, the root of happiness and unity, I want to see prosperity, I want to see a fair society, just ask all of us to join together." Proud Thai Party Song Speak and Do "Speech is the master of the person who speaks. When you say it, you have to do it like words, actions, and sincerity as proof that you say and do, do and do well."
"Diary" reiterates move forward with "marijuana legalization" If you come back to government,  |"Diary" Proud Thai Party leader says he is ready to push for marijuana legalization If you come back to government, Today (22 Mar 2023) Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, spoke about his political future if he returns to government, stating that what remains must be pushed for success, such as marijuana legalization. Rather than using political games to pull it through the political polarity section, it must oversee the election of each party, how many seats it has, MPs, confirm that the party has no conflict with anyone. As for the intention, the concept. Asked by reporters if it was necessary to choose between Gen Prayut and Gen Prawit, Anutin replied that as the election approached, he would not be able to do so. Everyone must use the election results as a key element in deciding the political direction of each party, Anutin said. In addition to determining how many MPs each party has, but the Proud Thai Party, we need to translate deeper into what the people tell us to do. We can't disobey people. When asked by reporters if the party was distracted by Mr. Chuvit's story, Anutin replied, "I can still work. MCO. As for whether Gen Prayuth is running or not running for the list of MPs, Mr. Anutin replied that today it is 100% democratic politics, there is no transition of any system, so the election of 2022 is a race to create legitimacy and good for the people and the people choose it. No one is at a disadvantage. How the Prime Minister will run, we have no right to interfere because he is in a different party. It's all about encouraging each other. 
"Teacher Intuition" turns MP candidate for 80 baht lottery policy|"Teacher Preecha", a celebrity in the 30 million baht lottery case, turned candidate for District 1 in Kanchanaburi province, the Thai People's Party, is ready to promote a policy to solve the 80-baht lottery problem. Reporters reported that Mr. Preecha contemplating or Teacher Preecha in the 30 million baht lottery case. Post a clip stating that he is running for Kanchanaburi MP District 1 of the Thai People's Party. He stated that he liked Mr. Samak Sunthornvej, a former prime minister and wanted to be close to taking care of the people, along with raising the policy that Mrs. Panchaya Sukpoon or Je Gyo said that he had just heard the news in the morning that Kru Preecha had decided to run for Kanchanaburi MP and was not shocked because Kru Preecha had said for a long time that he wanted to play politics but did not think that he would run for MP. As for the 80-baht lottery policy, it is the good intention of Teacher Preecha who wants to solve the problem. But it must be admitted that it is difficult because expensive lotteries have been around for a long time. Supathip or Je Ba Bin said that he had just heard from the media as well, believing that it was Teacher Preecha's good intentions to develop the country. 16 Korat districts uphold "Thai welfare" policy to close epic lottery 30 million "Uncle Jaroon" wins case "Teacher Intuition"
"Valiant" confident 4 chiefs join forces to lead The NCPO won the election.|"Valiant" confident that 4 leaders of the Democratic Party join forces to fight the election to lead the party to victory across the country and adjust the Bangkok candidate to suit the new district, believing that the policy will revive Bangkok today (March 22, 2023). Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon, Deputy Leader of the Democratic Party, spoke about the case of 3 former Democratic Party leaders joining forces with Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit. Leader of the Democratic Party The current candidate joined the election fight that the 3 former party leaders are still members of the Democratic Party and the duty of being a party member is important to support the work of the party to the best of its ability. Elections are therefore an important task for the party. To bring a person who is a candidate for the election of an MP to work to serve the people. At the same time, he is also the person who will put the policy into practice, so he is confident that the three former leaders are ready to participate in the election campaign. Uniting them will be an important force in driving the party forward to victory in this election. With the launch of the Bangkok policy today (March 22), Mr. Ongaj said that the party's policy follows the strategy of "creating money. Create people The Party's policies will be able to truly revive and transform Bangkok while the policies launched today are only part and are preparing to launch more policies. Bangkok Election Commission (SEC) The problem: Many political parties, including the Democratic Party, have been affected by the placement of candidates, Mr. Ong-aj said, adding that the party does not have much trouble, having adjusted only 10% of its candidates to suit different districts. Everything fits perfectly. The party is now ready to go through various legal proceedings, but does not have to announce a new launch, read other news "Abhisit". Open mind to the reason for not running for MP hoping to maintain the political stance "Go Further – For Thailand – National Development Courage" Confrontation of intensive policy SAT not worried Administrative Court ruling on electoral division
Moving forward to launch 7 warlords "Deshrat " Unlock Thai farmers policy|Progressive Party Launch of 7 Champion Economic Team Build the Thai economy to grow fairly and propose 7 agendas to change the Thai economy, pushes "Decharat Sukkerat", Kasetsart University lecturer Unlocking Thai farmers today (22 March 2023) Miss SIRIKANYA TANSAKUL Deputy Leader of the Step Forward Party and Head of the Step Forward Economic Team announced the launch of the Step Forward Economic Team that includes MPs, academics, civil servants and businessmen, totaling 7 people. Deputy leader of the Progressive Party and Head of the Economic Progressive Team. He had a long academic experience in public policy before becoming Director of Policy. New Future Party He is also the party's MP and chairman of the Economic Development Commission and is the "working hand of the Council" of the Progressive Party.2. He is currently an associate professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies (GRIPS), a university for public policy in Tokyo, Japan. He is the author of the book "The Tricolor Economy: The Economy of the Future", which will drive the global high-tech industrial supply chain.3. Director of a private Thai lifestyle brand company and an associate judge in the Intellectual Property and International Trade Court. Hands-on experience from the business sector reveals bureaucratic problems and regulatory barriers that hinder the business sector.4. Mr. Worapop Viriyaroj, MP of New Future Party He has a portfolio of debates in the House of Commons on monopoly capital and fights against unfair energy policies, which will be the driving force behind the party's policy to support SMEs that are different from other parties by reducing costs for ordinary people and businesses through systematic adjustments to Thailand's energy policy.5. Mr. Abhisit chases enemies far away. Former director of TCDC and Creative Economy Promotion Agency (CEA) and currently chairman of the Marketing Bureau of Bangkok, he is a policy advocate on major issues hindering the development of Thailand's creative economy.6. Sathavornvijit Financial Technology Specialist and Data Strategist He has worked in the development of the banking and financial sector with technology and data during his time working for the Bank of Thailand. He will join the push about building the country's treasure trove with the information road system to create new economies to grow by leaps and bounds and upgrade public services at the same time.7. Kasetsart University professors are known for their speakers who push learning outside the classroom to be fun. As director of the Think Forward Center, the Party's policy academic institute, he will be a leader in pushing Thai agricultural problems to the root level to unlock the lives of Thai farmers. The Economic Team of the Progressive Party will present on 7 agendas to change the Thai economy: Change Made in Thailand to Made with Thailand, Open Opportunities. Open SME Market, Break Monopoly Capital, Reduce Cost of Living, Unlock Creative economy, transforming data into treasures, stopping rural Thailand, and overhauling the public sector The Progressive Party's economic team wants the Thai economy to grow fairly. 
"Pailin Tiansuwan" RTSC ready to battle Paknam|Inaugurated at the merit making ceremony at the opening of the office of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) in Samut Prakan province when Ms. Pailin Thiensuwan, the candidate for District 7, Samut Prakan Province. Inviting local politicians to attend the event was a measure of confidence before the official ballot was dropped on May 14 from the list of attendees. Mayor of Lat Luang, Mr. Philosopher Chalermwong Deputy Mayor of Lat Luang, Mr. Somkiat Laisuksan Deputy Mayor of Laem Fa Pha, Miss Sumitra Chalermwong Samut Prakan Sgt., Mr. Tanwapol Chanchin S.Samut Prakan, Mr. Pinit Toemboon President of Ban Khlong Suan Commission, Mr. Sonthaya Tangurai Commissioner of Police, Mr. Prasad Small Needle, Deputy Prime Minister Laem Fa Pha District Commissioner, Mr. Pittaya Chanchin Kamnan tambon Khlong Bang Pla Press Phra Samut Chedi and Dr. Kulchara Meesamrit said that the candidate for District 6 Samut Prakan in 2019 The election in District 7, Samut Prakan Province, was a battle between 2 major families, Aswame and Thien Suvarna. Mr. Tosak Aswame, who is a cousin, nominated while Gen. Kanit Charnpreechaya or Seth On, who is responsible for the central region of the Pracharath Party. Want to push Ban Yai "Thien Suwan" into the race because it is one of the famous families of local politics. Gen. Kanit successfully cleared the main house in Paknam. At that time, Miss Pailin became a candidate of the Pracharath Power Party later when Mr. Suchart Chomklin. Labour Minister resigns to join the ruling Thai National Building Party with Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha to take charge of the Eastern election battle. Ms. Pailin then moved along, and it was said that the candidate for District 7 of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, Samut Prakan Province, while the Power Pracharath Party had sent Mr. Tosak Aswame, former MP of the Pracharath Power Party Therefore, the 2 candidates did not avoid clashing in the area, Ms. Pailin said. The public also supports Gen. Prayuth is very good and wants to continue to work on the necessary infrastructure. The construction of a transport network to connect various routes, including the "Lung Tu Card" or "Welfare Plus Card", to meet the needs of the people for the election race. Ms. Pailin said it was normal to compete fiercely, but this election was not contested by anyone. Let's compete with ourselves and race with less time left every day, I still can't lose sight of the election field in District 7, Samut Prakan Province, which is another district of Chang Chon Chang to see who will stay and who will win.
"Kriangkrai - Preecha - Universe" to gather the broken hearts to rest (party) new house|Countdown to the dissolution of Parliament, but the candidate The MPs are still irrational in Bangkok and other provinces. Long live Mr. Kriengkrai. Former Bangkae District Candidate The Pheu Thai Party decided to move to the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party by asking to run in the same area because he had been campaigning in this district for more than 3 months.Mr. Kriangkrai said he resigned from the government service as Director of the Bangkok Education Bureau before retiring in September to work in politics in the Bang Khae area because of his ties to the people in the area and his past. "The reason for the change of party is because the same party that was affiliated with has a new candidate. He asked me to move to the 32nd constituency, but I have been launching with the villagers and campaigning in this district for more than 3 months," said the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party MP candidate, who said not only Mr. Kriengkrai was heartbroken by the party he chose to affiliate with, but also Paknakorn Prime Minister Preecha Kaewkrajang who asked to withdraw his bid to run for Nakhon Si Thammarat District 1 MP. On behalf of the Pheu Thai Party, the reason was due to the party's ambiguity, despite having submitted a request for a candidate a few days ago. Therefore, he decided to move from Thailand to the Power Pracharath Party. Which is more clear, this problem also occurs with Mr. Universe or "Ek" Yellow Sublime. Mr. Ekapop was originally a team of former Pheu Thai Party candidate Anudit Nagartorn in Saimai district, who is now affiliated with the Thai Sang Thai Party with Khun Sudarat. Geyurapun, even if Mr. Universe moves along. Mr. Anudit came to the Thai Sang Thai Party, but he was not selected as a potential MP because the Thai Sang Thai Party sent a former Sai Mai District MP from the Democratic Party to run for Sai Mai District MP on behalf of the Thai Sang Thai Party. Is Mr. Unity Hongsakul. The younger brother of Mrs. Paweena Hongsakul had to faunt again while Anudit has suggested that if he wants to run for election with the Thai Sang Thai Party. It must be a district other than Sai Mai but Mr. Ekapop refused and reached a resolution when the Proud Thai Party coordinated and gave the right conditions that Mr. Ekapop would be the candidate. They give them the freedom to work without having to be too party-based despite online opposition. As a result, during the year 2021, the situation of the coronavirus-19 pandemic occurred. The Sai Mai group must survive has opened the face of the Ministry of Public Health, where Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul is the minister, but when times change, conditions and circumstances change, what exactly is not anymore, so many people who are not elected by the party they want to belong to must go to another party to see if the heartbreak (party) of the new house will be elected or not.
"Gen. Prayut - Gen. Prawit" on party list No. 1|It is certain that "2 uncles" running for the 30th prime minister's chair must also run for the election of MPs, and it is expected that "Gen. Prawit-Gen. Prayuth" will be the No. 1 candidate on the list of candidates. MPs on the party's party-list system today (22 March 2023) That the candidate of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party The post is expected from March 21 with a message indicating the birthday. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, but the illustration added that "Uncle Tu" party list No. 1 "Unite Thailand to build the nation". The post was immediately "removed" by Mr. Wittaya Kaewparadai. Clarified that the information is inaccurate because only pictures from one TV channel were posted. There are reports that Gen Prayuth will decide whether to run for the list of MPs as well. This Friday, the party's executive committee will finalize all 100 names. Mr. Peeraphan Salirathvipak, Mr. Eknath Promphan, Mr. Wittaya Kaewparadai, Mr. Juti Krairirk and Mr. Chatchawal Kongudom are already in the top 1-5 and the party will spread the results of the "popular vote" poll to decide to create another phenomenon through being politicians in the parliamentary system to run or not to run. The MP is also involved in political support plans, including if he completes his two-year term as prime minister and then moves to become a minister. In the event that the House has the power to vote to elect the Prime Minister according to the mandatory provisions instead of the parliamentary powers according to the provisional provisions of the Constitution or if the circumstances allow Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Another prime minister, including the case of constitutional amendments. He also has to be ready to accept his status as an MP for the opposition party. It was noted that Gen Prayuth was about to become a full-fledged politician through his candidacy for party-list MPs. Gen. Prawit has no comment but "smile" as the answer, but under this "smile" it is clear that Gen. Prawit will be a candidate. MPs on the list are ranked No. 1, while Mr. Santi Prompat is No. 2. 3. Mr. Virat Rattanaseth, Mrs. Narumon Pinyosinwat and Mr. Athiraj Rattanaseth, but all 100 names of the party's executive committee will be finalized next week for the Democratic Party. Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Mr. Abhisit Vejjajiva has stated that he does not want to run this time, in line with the reason that Mr. Abhisit cited that he does not want to affect the unity in the party, so he predicted that No. 1 is Mr. Churin, 2 is Mr. Chuan Lakpai and Mr. Kantam Norm, Ms. Kanlaya Sophonpanich and Mr. Niphon Bunyamanee are ranked in the top 5 even though they have declared themselves that "the Prime Minister must come from MPs". The Pheu Thai Party has not yet concluded whether the prime minister on the party's account must also run for an MP or not, with reports that the party names suitable candidates according to group 1, namely those who help drive the party, 2. and 3. is the group of big houses-leaders. The party's executive committee will vote on the decision again. 
NHRC launches "Gen. Thammarak" to control Northeast elections|Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Pull military journalist "Gen. Thammarak Isarangkoon Na Ayutthaya" as key man to control elections in the Northeast Meanwhile, tomorrow, the Pheu Thai Party launches 2 MPs "Somsak Thepsutin - Mr. Suriya Chuengrungruangkit" to go to the area this daytime (March 22, 2023). Reporters reported that in addition to their personal relationships, they used to work together. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Leader of the Pracharath Party. Gen. Thammarak Isarangkoon Na Ayutthaya is a former military intelligence officer who served as The Defence Minister in the Thai Rak Thai Party government joined politics and assigned the head of the election oversight team in the Northeast region tomorrow. It is scheduled to be officially inaugurated in the city. Gen. Tanya Kiatisan The former commander of the 2nd Region also joined the team, as did the Ruam Thai National Building Party. Prepare to make a statement Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechow, Deputy Prime Minister and Energy Minister, and M.L. Chayotit Kridakorn, Thai Trade Representative. Both members are already on the economic working group of this government. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, as chairman of the party's Guidelines and Strategy Committee, will chair the strategic planning meeting. To prepare for the election of MPs and scheduled for March 25. The party held its 2023 Annual General Conference before launching its candidates. MPs across the country amid the surprise launch of the prime minister's candidacy, with the Pheu Thai Party preparing to launch 2 MPs "Mr. Somsak Thepsutin and Mr. Suriya Songrungruangkit" and will officially apply to join the party tomorrow. Prior to the next day, it will be launched in 33 Bangkok MPs under the campaign "Think Big for the People of Bangkok" and launch policies in 10 areas of Bangkok such as economy, pollution, education, and the environment. Led by Mr. Anon Nampa, Ms. Panusaya Sitthijirawattanakul or Rung, Ms. Passravalee Thanakitviboonpol or Mind and Ms. Thanaporn Wichan Labor rights activists jointly declare their position and stance On the dissolution of Parliament and the election of MPs on May 14, 2023, he launched the "Vote for Change" campaign while expressing his position and demanding 3 points: the election must be pure and fair and the people participate through election monitoring activities, for political parties calling themselves the Democratic Party to join hands to form a government and propose a new constitution and aim for all political refugees to return to the country.
77 provinces with 52.28 million voters.|As of March 22, the number of eligible voters nationwide was 52,287,045, with pre-registration open for March 25-9. Today (22 March 2023) Reporters reported that after the Election Commission (SEC) The general election date for members of the House of Representatives (MPs) will be set on Sunday, May 14, 2023. Data from the Central Registry Office, Ministry of Interior as of 22 Mar 2023 There were 77 provinces with a total of 52,287,045 eligible voters. Bangkok People Nakhon Ratchasima province has the highest number of eligible voters with 4,469,280 voters, followed by Nakhon Ratchasima with 2,124,587 voters, Ubon Ratchathani with 1,477,644, Khon Kaen with 1,453,689 and Chiang Mai with 1,333,088 respectively. Outside the constituency whose name is on the house registration or whose name is on the register in the constituency less than 90 days from the date of election and the voter who has been instructed by the government to perform duties outside the constituency in which he is entitled to vote and the voter who is a resident outside the Kingdom. Wishing to vote outside the Kingdom Applications for voter registration can be submitted before Election Day outside the constituency. In constituencies and outside the Kingdom from March 25 to March 9. Early voter registration can be done through 4 channels: For more information about the election, please call the hotline 1444, details of the number of MPs voting on May 14, 2023.
"Big Pom-Diary" Capturing government poles on the dining table Whoever wins takes the prime minister.|"Big Pom-Diary" Capturing government poles on the dining table Whoever wins takes the Prime Minister, closes the way for the Prime Minister by 25 votes. Journalists reported that after Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, as the head of the Proud Thai Party (PNP), to meet Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister to wish and give gifts on Gen Prayuth's birthday on the morning of March 22. PTT consists of: Mr. Saksiam Chidchob Transport Minister as party secretary-general and former Uthai Thani MP Chada Thaisert, as deputy party leader, had lunch with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister as the head of the Power Pracharath Party at the Forest Conservation Foundation in 5 provinces with the leader of the PDP joined the table such as Mr. Santi Prompat. Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn Minister of Digital Economy and Society As deputy leader of the party, Mr. Virat Rattanaset, Deputy Party Leader Mr. Rong Boonsuekwan, former MP for Nakhon Si Thammarat Party executive committee member Ruangkrai Leekitwattana, who spent about an hour reporting that most of the conversation was about shaking hands to form a government. The number of parties that each party will win in this election is calculated, with the PDP getting 70 seats. The PDP will get 70 to 140 seats, plus the Thai Pattana Party and the Democratic Party will get more than 203 seats to be able to form a government. Gen. Prawit stated that as for being prime minister, If anyone's points win, take it. The party that got 25-30-40 votes will not give it. The person who got it was me and me (Mr. Anutin), making Mr. Anutin who was listening to smile before saying something like, "If you want to take it, take it first". The group did not talk about the division of ministries because it was about the future, but focused on the election results first. The president of Buriram United Club also requested to join Gen. Prawit for a meal on the next occasion.
NHRC knocks out preliminary party list, does not flip "Big Fort" dart No. 1 |The NHRC knocked the preliminary party list, not flipping the dart "Big Pom" No. 1, "Santi" No. 2 KGB, ranked in the top ten. A news report from the Power Pracharath Party informed that at the meeting of the nomination committee for the election chaired by Mr. Santi Prompat, Deputy Finance Minister as the party's secretary-general. On the afternoon of March 22, 2023 The meeting concluded the entire candidate. 400 constituency MPs and candidate list preparation MPs Preliminary List of 100 Candidates The 1st list of MPs is Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister as party leader Mr. Santi as the 2nd General Secretary of the Party, Mr. Paiboon Nittawan As Deputy Party Leader No. 3, Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn Minister of Digital Economy and Society As deputy leader of the party, No. 4Mr. Athirat Rattanasett Transport Minister and former Nakhon Ratchasima MP Mr. Virat Rattanaset, Deputy Party Leader No. 5 Mr. Mingkwan Saengsuwan No. 6 Mrs. Narumon Pinyosinwat, Treasurer No. 7. The key leader is still at the top of the list, Mr. Uttam. No. 10 Mr. Sakonthee Pattiyakul No. 11 Mr. Sonthirat Sonthijirawong No. 12 Mr. Abhichai Techaubon sequence 13
"Prayuth" is on administrative leave in the afternoon. Preparing to launch "Big Name" to join "RTSO" |Gen. Prayuth entered the House of Commons and took leave of absence in the afternoon to launch "Big Name" to join the Ruam Thai National Building Party. "Supatpong" is expected to be the party's economic team today (March 23, 2023) at Government House. Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha arrived at Government House at 10:21 a.m. by private car this afternoon. Gen. Prayuth is on administrative leave to prepare to attend the launch event of the "Big Name" at the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party office, it is reported that the "Big Name" is Mr. Supattanapong Phanmeechow, Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs, will wear the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party shirt and be the economic team uniform of the party. Prepare and drive the Party's policies while Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister chaired the meeting of the Steering Committee to Solve Problems in the Southern Border Provinces (OIC) No. 1/2023 at the Office of the National Security Council. Gen Prawit had a smiling expression on his face after news reports about the next government election deal were pictured sharing a dining table with Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party and leader of the Power Pracharath Party. Under the terms agreement, 204 votes form a government.
Analysis: This hug for you|Portrait of the Prime Minister embracing Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, at Government House The other day, not hoping for a memorable picture of the meeting. The acting cabinet made its first appointment after the dissolution of parliament and not only embraced it as a birthday gift for "Big Tu" after being criticized for having a deal to shake hands with "Big Pom". After the 2019 election. The formation of the government is problematic because of the murmur of the government of Thaksin Shinawatra in the second term after the 2005 election in which the Thai Rak Thailand Party won 377 MPs. People who form a one-party government used to have pictures of Mr. Nevin Chid. One of Thaksin's cabinet members at the time also hugged Thaksin tightly at Government House. During Mr. Thaksin's request for leave from acting prime minister duties in 2006, such an encouraging hug appeared. In 2008, after the Constitutional Court ordered the dissolution of the People's Power Party. Mr. Nevin and his group of friends will wave goodbye. He joined the Proud Thai Party and supported Abhisit Vejjajiva, the leader of the Democratic Party at the time, from opposition leader to prime minister with the phrase remembered and recounted: "It's over, sir." The person who knows best if there is this quote or not. Mr. Thaksin and Mr. Nevin because even with Mr. Thaksin, Mr. Anutin has never reacted or criticized harshly, on the contrary, he admitted that he was a respected adult. Just like never criticizing "Oung-ing". Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra in a negative way while during the Gen. Prayuth must be suspended from his duties as prime minister. While waiting for the Constitutional Court to decide on the knot of being prime minister for 8 years, he had to live in isolation. He took the doctor to treat the back of his hand and sat down to eat chicken basil rice at the Ministry of Defence as well as a political clash. Many times, the Proud Thai Party has expressed issues that are different from the government or hot topics, especially from Mr. Supachai Jaissamut, the treasurer of the party, who is often the one who makes strong statements or responses, such as the case of the Hemp Hemp Act or the issue of taking back Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, who has attacked the Proud Thai Party, both Marijuana Seri and the MRT Orange Line, to the point of giving the green light to the candidate. The MP went to file a lawsuit against Mr Chuvit in 400 constituencies, but in the end, Mr Anutin denied that it was not a party resolution, even being seen as a "cloud-stepping" political game, or what some might see as a two-faced political play of tactics and an extraordinary donkey, as well as the image of Prayuth's embrace that resulted in someone having a good night's sleep. Because at least there is hope to go further analysis: Prajak Mawongsa
Consensus! The Supreme Court postponed the application of the Missing Persons Act within 15 days.|"Constitutional Court" accepts ruling petition Act to postpone the enforcement of the Missing Persons Act and order the Minister-Commissioner of Police Submit your opinion on documents and evidence within 15 days today (23 March 2023). Constitutional Court convened to consult on important cases Re: Whether the Decree on Amendments to the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act B.E. 2022 B.E. 2023 is in accordance with Article 172 of the Constitution, paragraph one, after members of the House of Representatives (MPs) 99 members, which is not less than one-fifth of the total number of members of the House of Representatives. Nominated to submit an opinion to the Speaker of the House of Representatives (the petitioner) that the Amendment to the Prevention and Suppression of Torture Act was enacted to extend the validity period of the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act B.E. 2022, Sections 22, 23, 24 and 25 from the original period of 120 days from the date of notification in the Government Gazette onwards, which is 22 February 2023, amended to be effective from 1 October 2023, citing budget inadequacies, the provision of tools and equipment, and operational procedures for enforcing the said Act in the interest of national security. Public Safety economic security of the country or prevent public disasters according to the conditions of Article 172 paragraph one of the Constitution. The petitioner then submitted his opinion to ask the Constitutional Court to rule on the constitutionality of the case. Article 173 paragraph one by the Constitutional Court to consider the facts of the petition. The additional petition and supporting documents are of the opinion that the case is in accordance with the Constitution, Section 173, paragraph one, together with the Constitutional Assembly Act on Constitutional Court Procedure B.E. 2561, Section 7(1)Read more news 100 MPs filed a motion to postpone the enforcement of the Missing Ordinance, the Constitutional Court unanimously voted. Order accepting the petition for consideration, notification to the petitioner, and for the benefit of consideration by virtue of The Constitutional Assembly Act on Constitutional Court Procedure B.E. 2561, Section 27, paragraph three, provides for the Cabinet of Ministers and the Commissioner of the Royal Thai Police (Commissioner of Police). Prepare an opinion on the issues specified by the Constitutional Court by submitting copies of relevant documents to the Constitutional Court within 15 days from the date of receipt of the letter.
Blood is thicker than water. Close the Democrat deal.|Blood is thicker than water. Join forces with "Democrat" to squeeze blood deal, confident of sweeping Bangkok team seat Today (23 Mar 2023) mr. chalermchai abbasi The General Secretary of the Democratic Party, together with Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon, Deputy Leader of the Democratic Party, who is in charge of the Bangkok area, as well as Mr. Sakon Nai Can and Ms. Wanicha Muangsiri welcomed Mr. Suwat Muangsiri, who has become a lifelong Democrat member and nominated himself as a candidate. Bangkok MPs affiliated with the Democratic Party by handing over shirts and membership cards to Mr. Suwat Mr. Chalermchai said that Mr. Suwat will run for office. The MP for District 26 argued that due to the zoning of the SEC, the party's candidate positioning had already been placed. It is necessary to adjust it to suit the conditions of the area, read more news. RTTC launches 4 warlords New Economic Team In addition, from talking with Mr. Sakol Mr. Sakorn and Mr. Samart Muangsiri, who are all members of the Democratic Party and former MPs, that they want to see all the people of the Muangsiri family come together and do politics together because it will benefit the area in Thonburi very much. It will unite forces in all areas to lead to the victory of the election, Mr. Suwat said. This will affect the solidarity of the Muangsiri family and the voice base of the people will have difficulty in making decisions. Being in the same team, being in the same party, will make it easier for the people to make decisions, as in the case of news that Mr. Suwat's resignation from the power of the state is because there is a bigger deal. Mr. Suwat replied that the bigger deal I don't know what that means, but the constituency is complicated and instead of seeing the Muangsiri family send candidates against each other, it will be more beneficial for the people to stay with the same team. He told the adults and asked for an appointment to say goodbye to him in person, but did not receive an answer. Responding to a reporter's question about targeting the number of MPs in Bangkok, he said that he is doing his best in all districts, so in the goal of doing his best and fighting in all areas, I believe that the brothers and sisters of Bangkok will be the ones who make this decision. There's nothing bigger. If other deals, Democrats can't fight, the reporter also asked for his opinion on eating together by various political parties in the past, which Mr. Chalermchai said was the right to eat. Afternoon leave Preparing to launch "Big Name" to join "RTSO", the NHRC knocks out the preliminary party list Don't flip the dart "Big Fortress" No. 1
RTSC launches 4 new economic teams |Ruam Thai Nation Building Party Open 4 new economic teams Experience from actions in the world of trade, investment, foreign affairs, weaving the policy of "continuing" with "M.L. Chayotit Kridakorn" as the team leader "Tricolor-Supattanapong" to supplement the advisory team today (23 March 2023) The Ruam Thai Nation Building Party (RTTC) announced the launch of its first economic team, led by Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. prime minister As Chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai National Building Party. Mr. Peeraphan Salirathvipak, Party Leader Mr. Eknath Promphan, General Secretary of the Party at the Party Office, Soi Ari 5, Mr. Peerapan introduced the party's economic team. M.L. Chayotit Kridakorn is the head of the economic team, Mr. Chawin Atthakrawisoonthorn, Mr. Wit Wannakairoj and Mr. Vint Sutheerachai These economic teams are all experienced individuals in the economic sphere in the commercial world. foreign investment and be recognized as a real economic figure at all levels. Gen Prayuth wore a Ruam Thai Nation Building Party shirt for the economic team, saying the economic mission is not just to raise money but to manage the country's economy. The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party is ready today to announce that the economic team will be responsible according to the party's policy, it is an economic team with experience not only working in business or other sectors, but everyone with management experience who will work with the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party to drive the country's economy further. Key economic policies related to the stomach of the people in all aspects, led by Mr. Tricolor Suwankeeree The Chief Policy Advisor of the Ruam Thai National Building Party is a macroeconomic advisor. Fiscal Policy, Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechow, Deputy Prime Minister and Energy Minister, oversees the resolution of household debt. Minister of Social Development Caring for the vulnerable and the elderly, Mr. Anucha Nakasai Minister in the Office of the Prime Minister in charge of agricultural policy and Mr. Suchart Chomklin. The Minister of Labour oversees labor policy and has Maj. Gen. Dr. Thong Naenna, director of Mongkutwattana Hospital, who will take care of the quality of life and health of Thai people. Kridakorn He graduated with honors from the University of London with a Bachelor's degree in Southeast Asian Economic History and was President of JP Morgan (Thailand) from 2009 to 2020. Mr. Chawin Atthakrawisoonthorn holds a bachelor's degree in international relations from the London School of Economics and has experience in finance, investment banking and investment in tourism and hotels. Currently, he is Thailand's leading successful real estate businessman. He holds a bachelor's degree in economics, first class honours from the University of Washington, a master's degree, and is about to receive a PhD in business from the University of Cambridge. He is currently a lecturer at the Faculty of Commerce and Accountancy, Chulalongkorn University. He specializes in management strategy and business research groups, having previously been an analyst at JP Morgan Thailand. Young Business People Graduated in Information Systems Management (MIS) from Worcestor Polytech Institue of Technology University. He is the founder and CEO of Intex Steel Co., Thailand's leading automotive parts and electrical appliance company. "Continue" is to generate income from abroad including investment and trade. To drive the economy, Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's "already doing" policies such as infrastructure development, digital infrastructure investment, EEC economic zones, issuing 10-year visas for high-potential foreigners to work and live in Thailand. Removing barriers to doing business  
"Prayuth" guarantees new economic team RTTC quality workmanship |Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha is not easy to run the hero party and is ready to lead the country into the future and will unveil his candidacy for 400 MPs in March 25 today (March 23, 2023). Gen Prayuth said that all the economic teams who came to work with the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation. There are all generations, many ages. This country does not belong to anyone alone, not a business establishment, so everyone is involved in the development of the country and must find ways to make everyone happy and consider everyone a partner of this country. Doing anything for the country requires the utmost care. We need to see how we can solve the obstacles by revising outdated laws and adapting them to drive the economy today. How to get to where Thailand needs to get to where it needs to be, that's the strategy. Party General Secretary Eknath Prompan said on March 25. The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party will unveil its candidates for all 400 constituencies, reiterating that the economic mission is not just to come up with policies to use the country's money. And the party's economic team is an experienced team, not just working in the business sector but having experience managing the country's economy.Read related news: RTSC launches 4 new economic team analysts: Hug this for you
"Proud Thai" proposes "Homeland Tax" policy  |"Proud Thai" proposes a "homeland tax" policy, where everyone can choose 30% of the tax paid each year. After experiencing the problem of decentralization to the local area, both decentralization, duties and budget, today (March 23, 2023) Mr. Songsak Thongsri, Deputy Leader of the Proud Thai Party, announced the launch of the policy, raising the issue of decentralization of power, duties and budgets to the local area. The country is stable, the truth, but the authority The law does not support it, for example, to provide public services, which must have tools, powers, duties, and budgets. At present, it is not 100% supported, such as personnel, come in to do the local administration itself, can not do it by yourself. Someone took care of it, which doesn't serve Mr. Songsak's purpose. For example, in the south, there are sea, resources, social conditions and budgets as important tools for development. He continuously demanded, for example, decentralized planning and procedural laws. If you don't give it, it can't be done while there are incomplete transfers, such as no people to give, no budget to give, and missions are not fully transferred. Sub District Health Promoting Hospital But how do you treat the work, but you can't do it? We need to think about how to make amendments to the law to support the decentralization of power as much as possible. The Proud Thai Party sees how to make money to the local area. We have a framework for this. Therefore, the policy for this election is "Homeland Tax", where people can put 30% tax into the local area that allows people to determine for themselves which locality. That's the concept we're going to drive. Make more money for the locals.
"Somsak-Suriya" Land slide announcement 310 seats|Pheu Thai Party launches "Somsak-Suriya-Anongwan" target for 2023 election "Land slide" surpasses 310 votes, while Somsak reveals that he is impressed with the Pheu Thai Party team to reach people's problems. No nets, no clusters. Identify the reasons from the NHRC for economic matters. Today (23 Mar 2023) The Pheu Thai Party announced the launch of Mr. Somsak Thepsutin and Mr. Suriya Songrungruangkit, returning to the former home of the former leader of the Sammitr group from the Power Pracharath Party. Both Somsak and Suriya have pledged to work together as a "team" and push forward the party's goal of making a landslide in the 2023 election field with 310 MPs in the House. Work together Create a new political space Expand the base of MPs by personally not only settling down "Sukhothai" or the central region while Dr. Chonnan Srikaew The Pheu Thai Party leader reiterated the role of the two party leaders as a midfielder who is ready to help and support all parties and areas, before jokingly saying that it is not a midfielder that means "disbursement-disbursement department".
"Big Fort" replied "Mind" to overcome conflict - lean without coup|Gen. Prawit answered the "Mind" question to confirm that the party has a stance to overcome conflicts. There was no coup. Prepare to go ahead with the interview with the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party On 23 Mar 2023 Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister as head of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP) Opportunity to Ms. Passravalee Thanakijwiboonpol or "Mind", the leader of the 2020 People's Democratic Party, asked for an interview with a selfie and a gentle touch on the shoulder. The atmosphere is friendly, although asked if Machu 3 fingers or not, Gen. Prawit Answering the question of the 60 amendments to the Constitution that are still highly controversial. What is the solution that has not been done here? There is no idea how to fix it, because it is a matter for Parliament to take action. After the election, it will be said. Gen. Prawit Stating that the party has a stance to make the country prosper and overcome conflicts and answer questions about how to solve the coup problem, Ms. Pasravali said the interview with Gen. Prawit was an interesting milestone. If Gen Prawit wants to talk to him, he may see a new perspective on what he is like when asked if he will go to another political party. Ms. Pasravali said she would go to another party as well. In particular, the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party will ask the same question.   
"Moving forward" dreaded NCPO loses rights Low pre-election PR incident|"Moving forward" dreaded, people lose their rights The out-of-district pre-election publicity was too small today (March 24, 2023). Padipat Santipada, Phitsanulok District 1 MP candidate and former MP for Far Step Party, told reporters that he was worried that many people would lose their rights in the upcoming elections due to the Election Commission (SEC). Promoting the use of early voting, out-of-district elections and overseas elections is too little, Mr. Padipat said. The SEC has set the election date as May 14, 2023, which does not coincide with the May 4-7 long weekend. Student There was no inconvenience in returning to the polls, but the SEC rarely publicized early elections outside the district. In addition, the registration period from March 25 to April 5, 2023 is considered to be quite small because it is more than a month away from the actual election date and the election flow is still just beginning. People aren't very alert about elections. "What the SEC should do urgently is to promote early voter registration more in order to preserve people's right to choose their loved ones. Choose your favorite party in this election cycle." Mr. Padipat also proposed. The SAT has established partnerships with various public sectors to help promote early voter registration channels. Whether it's the Digital Television Association, the Online News Producers Association, or foundations like iLaw, help promote and raise awareness of early voter registration. Out-of-district elections and wider overseas elections
"Diary" announces the news sharing the dinner table "Big Pom" is inaccurate|After "Anutin" went to dine with "Gen. Prawit" at the Pa Roy Joint Foundation, a conversation came out in the tune of "Let Ah be Prime Minister first". Confirm the principle of who gathers the majority to become Prime Minister. The government should not be formed before the election, must wait for the voice of the people today (March 24, 2023). The reporter telephoned Deputy Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul as the head of the Proud Thai Party. To the news of the conversation at the dinner table that Mr. Anutin is willing to give. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The head of the Pracharath Power Party, who is the prime minister first, said, "Such news is not true. What I've always said is I'm ready to be prime minister. If the people elect Mr. Anutin, he reiterated that the prime minister must come from a party that gathers more than half of the votes in the House of Representatives. This is about honoring the people. Do not distort both words and principles" by courtesy. Don't tell other people in the conversation. If he wants to communicate, he will speak for himself," Anutin said. The person who wins the most votes in the party group that gathers a majority should be the prime minister, and essentially should not form a government before the election. We have to wait for the voice of the people.
"Charoen Jankomol" swinging son Sop "Thai Build Thai" to win the chair of Phaya Lae|"Charoen Jankomol", former deputy speaker of the parliament, Kuang Son joined the Thai Sang Thai Party, organized a Chaiyaphum team to sweep the South East MP 
Today (24 Mar 2023) Mrs. Sudarat Keyurapan Leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party Dr. Sidha Tiwari Secretary-General of the Thai Sang Thai Party Mr. Udomdej Rattanasatien Chairman of the Thai Sang Thai Party Area Management Committee and Party Executive Committee Mr. Charoen Jankomol was inaugurated. Former Deputy Chairman of the House of Representatives and Mr. Thankriti Jankomol Son, as a potential Thai Sang Thai Party MP candidate Chaiyaphum Khun Sudarat said that Mr. Charoen is a political figure who has a long history of both the House of Representatives and his work in the area of service to the people. As a former MP for many times, he is confident that Mr. Charoen will be another member of the party that helps create a way for survival for Thailand. Let's win for the people. Which wants a change from 2 poles politics that choose one side is trapped and the other side is locked. Immersed in political conflict for more than 17 years, there have been two coups and each time creating difficulties for the people, Mr. Charoen said he decided to join the Thai Sang Thai Party because he saw that it was a party with clear democratic ideals. Khun Sudarat is a talented leader with clean hands and outstanding performance, so she is confident that the Thai Sang Thai Party will definitely be the political party of the people of Isaan for Mr. Charoen. He was Vice President of the House of Representatives. He has served as Chairman of three committees of the House of Representatives. Mr. Charoen will become the leader of the Chaiyaphum team and work with the candidates. Chaiyaphum provincial MPs such as Mr. Uthit Pimpleechai, candidate Chaiyaphum Congressman District 2 Mr. Pichai Kharasungnoen applicant Chaiyaphum MP for District 4, Mr. Jomjakpop Ekkul, candidate for Chaiyaphum District 7, and Mr. Thanakrit Jankomol, candidate for Chaiyaphum province. Thai Sang Thai Party
"Naimon" waives his right to vote Partylist MPs "NHC" says it's time to shed leaves |"Narumon" announces the time for the NHRC to shed leaves for "new power" to come to work, relinquishing his position on the party list and still helping the party work in the adult gratitude today (March 24, 2023). Narumon Pinyosinwat, Treasurer of the Power Pracharath Party, announced that the Power Pracharath Party There are many qualified personnel, both those who have co-founded the party since 2018, those who have joined the development of the party along the way, and those who have just joined the party. All of them have various abilities that are beneficial to the party and are determined to do good things for the people of the immaculate. He said that he had the intention to work in politics. Because he wishes to repay the grace of the Kingdom of Thailand, especially the people who pay taxes to send Mam to study abroad. As a result, a poor child with a very low cost of life had many good opportunities in life today because he took the government scholarship exam, went to a good university with both master's and doctoral degrees, and then returned to serve as a lecturer at the Institute of Development Administration for 23 years until he was promoted as a professor until 5 years ago. He was given the opportunity by the Pracharath Party to work in politics, so he decided to retire from the government service with the hope and determination to use his knowledge and experience to benefit the benefactor, which is the taxpayer brotherhood who sent scholarship students to study as mentioned earlier in this election. I want to give the new political generation the opportunity to be on the top list. Therefore, he expressed his intention to the nomination committee and party executive to waive his right to be nominated on the partylist MPs. So today, The party will then reconsider the roster. He continued, "He always said that it was time for the Pracharath Power Party to turn its leaves for the "new power" to work for itself. Working in politics is not just about working as an MP. There are many forms of work that we can do to help the party, help its candidates, and serve the people, the most important of which is political ideology, because for them, working in politics is sacrifice, not winning, and not sticking to a position that Mam always believes that when we do not cling, we will have freedom of thought, which leads to freedom to make decisions in all matters for the common good. 
"Experienceless" demand The government made 6 urgent matters. Case "Cesium-137"|"Experienceless" Gen Prayuth apologizes to 137 cesium-137 people, urges government to urgently take action on 6 matters and speed up recovery Build public confidence Carpeting, surveying safe areas, white flags.  Today (24 Mar 2023) Mr. Samprasop Suraswadee, Chairman of the Environmental Policy Committee, and Mr. Anusorn Eamsa-saad jointly announced the action plan to build public confidence. Cesium-137 issues Although the inspection of the surrounding area has not found any impact, but pointing out that the future is still uncertain what will happen and criticizing the incident as a "lost cow around the stall", he called on the government to do 3 things that need to be done immediately: 1. Everyone wants to know how much cesium - 137 the government has allowed in total. Even in secret, international agreements If it falls into the hands of terrorists, it may become a deadly weapon or dirty bomb.2.Where is it now?and 3.The Office of Atoms for Peace and the Nuclear Agency must urgently check whether cesium-137 is still in place. In Prachinburi province, there is confidence in the area, asking the government to do 6 things: 1. Clean the smelter so that it does not contain even the slightest radioactivity.2.The waste with radiation when melted will evaporate to the filter. You can't even put the tip of the needle. Keep it tightly closed by setting up cameras to monitor 24 hours a day.3.Arrange ground units to check every inch of carpeting in both Prachinburi and Rayong provinces and flag them if the inspection finds that the area is safe.4.The Ministry of Public Health checks the body and blood tests all people to avoid disaster.5.Survey and compensate for the damage caused to people's farmers, such as the case of fruits like Mayongchid, which no one currently dares to buy.6.The Prime Minister must take responsibility and issue an apology to the people. The Pheu Thai Party expressed great concern and we want to build confidence. This must not happen again, he said, confirming that if Thailand becomes a government, this will definitely not happen again.
"Lawyer Sithara" Opening the picture claiming "Chuvit" negotiated a bag of money with the "general-owner of the website".|sajjad aamir Secretary-General of the People's Advocacy Team Foundation Post a photo cited as an event. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Negotiate a money bag knot with 2 generals - the owner of a website at a hotel. After responding to receive a bag of 6 million baht to donate to the hospital today (March 24, 2023). sajjad aamir Secretary-General of the People's Advocacy Team Foundation Posted on Facebook The secretary-general of the People's Advocacy Team Foundation released a photograph claiming to be that the people of Inspector Sua, the owner of a website, gave money to Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit. Former politician for the first time, not just 2 policemen, as Mr. Chuvit said. Meanwhile, Mr. Sitra also claimed that there were two general-level police officers on the table. The owner of the website, Duangjai Box, and Mr. Chuvit are sitting in negotiations. Mr. Sitra claimed that this person has an important position in the crackdown on online gambling, which if society knew what position it had, it would shock the whole country about how this person got involved with online gambling gangs. So why is Chuvit hiding this? Mr. Sitra urged Mr. Chuvit to reveal the truth to the public so that society would not doubt about the existence of hidden interests. It comes after Mr. Sitra released a picture with a message claiming that a group of people put money in paper bags to give to Mr. Chuvit before the money was divided to donate to the hospital. After having information related to illegal business, read related news, "Chuvit" countered "Lawyer Tam". Siriraj asked for 3 million to return 3 million to "Chuvit", worried about illegal origin, "Chuvit" revealed 2 hospitals coordinated to return 6 million donations to pass on to Policeman. 
"Attawish" reveals Supreme Administrative Court accepts Bangkok election delimitation petition|"Attawitch" The Supreme Administrative Court has accepted the petition for demarcation of Bangkok elections and is waiting for the court to call a hearing today (March 24, 2023). Mr. Attawish Suwanpakdee Secretary-General of the National Pattanaklao Party He revealed that the Supreme Administrative Court accepted the petition for the delimitation of Bangkok's electoral districts, which had been filed earlier, as Black Case No. 16/2023. The Supreme Administrative Court, which accepted on March 20, Mr. Attawit It is stated that as the petitioner has submitted all the evidence documents and thereafter pending the summons for a legal inquiry. At this stage, there is no temporary protection measure, but according to the law, the court will complete the process before the election. Mr. Attawish is confident that the legal division of electoral districts shall include districts as constituencies. This time, only four of the 33 districts were originally constituencies, noting that they were intentionally destroying the districts from being the same or unreported. The Supreme Administrative Court received the petition for the division of electoral districts in all 3 provinces: Bangkok, Sukhothai and Sakon Nakhon. while The SEC is preparing to make a statement to the court to read other news "immaculate". Waiver of the right to vote Partylist MPs "PAPACHAR" announces time to shed leaves "Charoen Jankomol" swinging son Sop "Thai Build Thai" to win the chair of Phaya Lae "Big Pom" Reply "Mind" transcends conflict - lean without coup
"Saranwutt" Move to the RTSC to become a fierce warrior. Yan did not eat bananas.|"Saranavut" with his daughter joined the Thai Unification Party to build the nation, reiterating the ideology that matches "Uncle Tu", Lan did not move because he ate bananas, but asked to be a fierce warrior. Today (March 24, 2023) at the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party (RTTC), Mr. Saranwut Saranket, former Uttaradit MP Pheu Thai Party Revealed after traveling to join the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party that he was grateful to Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. prime minister As chairman of the guideline and strategy committee of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party and a party executive who wore a party shirt for himself and his daughter to run for Uttaradit MP. Moving to the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party The most important reason is that the ideology matches Gen. Prayuth's ideology is to focus on doing it for the benefit of the nation and the people. Gen. Prayuth fights against false democracy He did not think he would join Gen. Prayuth, but he was an ideological warrior who had only pursued democracy. Finally, there is no democratic party. Nothing. In the end, he does not care about the polarity of the people. Incidentally, there is the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party of Gen. Prayuth who is in the picture of conservatism, but the most obvious is the image of loyalty to work for the people for 8 years. Someone attacked me for eating bananas. Let me put it here. He didn't get anything, but he insisted on doing it for his country. Everyone has the right to misunderstand, but they don't have the right to judge. Distance proves horses, time will prove people part of their reasons for criticism. Gen. Prayuth in the House of Commons because it is a duty. When he was on the Democratic side, he would try to catch everything wrong, he would see what the dictatorship had done badly, but at one point he discovered that the guilt was discussed. Gen. Prayuth rarely has a clear fault. Therefore, they must use a way of connecting words.
Check eligibility for zoning-party list MPs open April 3-7 |The SEC has released 21 prohibited qualifications you need to know before running for the election of MPs after the calendar is unfolded on April 3-7, the registration for zonal elections will begin, while on April 4-7, candidates for the list and candidacy of the party's prime minister will be launched. Today (24 Mar 2023) Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Dash out Qualifications and prohibited characteristics of candidates for the House of Representatives Stating that due to the Royal Decree on the Dissolution of the House of Representatives B.E. 2023 to allow the election of new members of the House of Representatives as a general election, the SEC has issued a notification designating Sunday, May 14, as the election day. As follows, the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives B.E. 2561, Section 41 and Section 41 provide for the qualifications and prohibited characteristics of candidates for the election of members of the House of Representatives. Qualifications of candidates for election (Section 41)Candidates for constituency elections must also have one of the following characteristics: For more information, please contact www.ect.go.th or call our hotline 1444Read related news "Narumon" waives his right to vote Partylist MPs "PDP" releases time to shed leaves "Saranwutt" Move to the RTSC to become a fierce warrior. Yan did not eat bananas "Big Fort" Reply "Mind" transcends conflict - lean without coup 
"Prayuth" to fire all parties hoping for land slide If it's not good, slide out of the lane.|The Prime Minister believes all political parties are hoping for a landslide. To achieve the goal of being the leading party to form the government, but the decision-making power lies with the people. Don't use conflict as a campaign tool today (24 Mar 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister said it was a matter of the future whether Mr. Akhom Termpittayapaisit would participate in political events with the Ruam Thai National Building Party. He also stated that Mr. Akhom is still helping on behalf of the government. Gen. Prayuth is undecided. Candidate for the number one list of MPs of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. He reiterated caution in wearing two hats, two roles in the executive branch and members of political parties, after launching candidates in 400 constituencies across the country on March 25 and may have to take a leave of absence to campaign for the election because they do not want to make mistakes in terms of the law. Identify the main goal of political parties that flag landslide election victories. But whether the goal is met or not may depend on the decision of the people, he warned political parties. Don't use conflict as a campaign tool. I don't mind anyone becoming a government after the election. : "Sarunwut " Move to the RTSC to become a fierce warrior. Yan did not eat bananas.
"Thaksin" Select the final exit to set up the battle. confident 310 votes for people getting bored "Prayuth"|Thaksin not to let "Oung-ing" push for amnesty He returned to Thailand and served 16 years in prison abroad today (March 24, 2023). Kyodo news reported an interview with former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra that he was ready to return to Thailand after the general election and accepted his prison sentence but wished to live with his family in Thailand. The Pheu Thai Party will win at least half of the 500 seats, possibly as many as 310, because Thais are tired of the government of former Prime Minister Prayuth. He insisted that even if Pheu Thai won the election, he would still have to form a coalition government with other parties, but he saw only a distant opportunity for Pheu Thai to join forces with political enemies such as Thaksin's Power Pracharath Party, which left Thailand in August 2008 before the Supreme Court's criminal division for political office holders. Will judge the land acquisition fraud case in Ratchadapisek district He claimed to have watched the Olympics in China and escaped from the verdict. Make the Supreme Court the criminal division of political office holders. Read the secret verdict after Thaksin's 2-year imprisonment, now the case has expiredSource: Kyodo NewsRead more: "Prayuth" slams all parties hoping for land slide If you don't get down well, you slide out of the lane "immaculate" to waive your right to vote.
Smart Vote, an app to pre-register for the election from today - 9 April 2023|The SAT is scheduled to hold general elections on May 14, 2023. If you are unable to vote on the same day, you can register to vote in advance. Today is the first day that pre-registration is open for both constituencies and constituencies. Until 9 April today (25 March 2023) Those who want to register to vote in advance in their constituency can submit their application through 2 channels: by local registrar or by mail, but if they want to vote in advance outside the district, they can submit it through 3 channels, with one additional channel: via the Internet, through the Department of Administrative Affairs website or Smart vote application. Registration is available 24 hours a day and requires no documents and proof of registration. If you have already registered but would like to change your voting location, specify the place where you wish to vote. When confirming the registration is complete, the system will display the acceptance form as evidence. To keep as evidence for exercising the right to vote outside the constituency if the voter registration is cancelled in advance. The SEC has designated Sunday, May 7, 2023 as the day to vote in advance of the election, both in and outside the constituency, and also as the day to vote at the central election for people with disabilities, disabilities or the elderly. MPs raise 10 policies for the people of Bangkok "Thaksin" Select the final exit to set up the battle. confident 310 votes for people getting bored "Prayuth"
To Thailand launched 33 prospective candidates MPs raise 10 policies for the people of Bangkok|The Pheu Thai Party has launched candidates for all 33 districts of Bangkok under the "Think Big, Act for the People of Bangkok" campaign and launched a campaign for the people of Bangkok in 10 areas. Influencers join us today (24 March 2023) The Pheu Thai Party unveiled its candidates for all 33 MPs in 33 constituencies of the Pheu Thai Party in the "Think Big, Act for the People of Bangkok" campaign. Miss PAETONGTARN SHINAWATRA - Mr. Settha Thaweesin - Dr. Chonnan Srikaew - And Mrs. Puangphech Chun-fine. Paethong Tarn Shinawatra, head of the family for Thailand, announced on stage, "Our plan will be bigger and richer with many policies. The growth of Bangkok will be measured by the stability and prosperity of the people of Bangkok"The 10 policies for the people of Bangkok are extended from the main policies of the party, such as digital wallets, 50 districts and 50 hospitals, abolishing military conscription and changing to a voluntary system to create professional soldiers. Electricity and gas bills are immediately discounted, PM2.5 dust problems, gender diversity rights are guaranteed. Every family is guaranteed to earn at least 20,000 baht per month and a minimum wage of 600 baht per day for the reason that the Pheu Thai Party chose to hold a big event in the heart of the city because it is a center for various groups of people and professions. In addition to the Shinawatra family of 3 brothers, there are also famous artists -actor presenters that black ants come to host today's event. - Celebrities - LGBTQ - Win Motorcycle Group - Youth attended the launch event of the candidate of the Pheu Thai Party today. Mr. Settha said that Bangkok for himself is not just a province but a metropolitan capital and the center of the country under a democratic rule with the King as head of state, an economic and cultural center, and a diversity of thoughts. A city rich in talented people, a city where foreigners want to live, invest but have an incompetent government, a once glorious capital turned into ruins. Past leaders are outdated. I did not understand the global context until the issuance of a 20-year national strategy, affecting the direction of the country in many dimensions. Bangkok used to be a multicultural metropolis, but the previous government excluded differences of thought and freedom. This government has never advocated for equality of people, including gender, occupation, deprivation. Pointing out that Bangkok people trust the government that cannot be passed. Because it fights for fundamental rights, rights and safety, and the Pheu Thai Party wishes to transform Bangkok into a global metropolis again, while discussing the vision of Bangkok 3D1. It will be Asia's economic and innovation metropolis. The Pheu Thai Party will focus on trade negotiations to open up opportunities to build Thai businesses in the global market. It will break down the barriers of unprofitable regulation, eradicate corruption. Build confidence among investors around the world Thailand will become a source of job creation and a source of finance, will reclaim its prestige as an economic powerhouse, the second dimension, will be a metropolis of diversity of ideas, identity and culture, reiterating that the Pheu Thai Party government will not ignore the deprivation of rights, freedoms, gender, identity and ideas. People who think differently must not be harmed and excluded from expression, especially by government officials. This will make Bangkok a world-class venue. Push Soft Power to host a World Surprise by 2028, the third dimension will create a metropolis of equality. There are leaders and MPs who are responsible for truly listening to the voices of the people and must encourage society to reward hardworking people. Tangjai and people who make a living honestly and cannot accept the system of lines and cannot accept the mafia in Thailand consisting of government officials, which has caused a crisis of faith. Making people feel that they are not defenseless and insisting that the Pheu Thai Party government will come to salvage the crisis and make everyone's voices equal, Mr. Settha told the candidate that the people of Bangkok put their hopes in everyone's hands. The hope is to make Bangkok a geopolitically important city, an administrative center and a refuge for the people, and the hope of making Bangkok a glorious metropolis, playing an important role on the world stage, and making Thailand the fifth tiger in Asia. He served on the House and made 250 senators follow the consensus of the people. Support the Pheu Thai Party to form a government. Make the dream for Bangkokians come true and pass on a good future to Miss Paethongtarn's children. Refusing to answer questions or comment on former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, he told Japanese media that he was ready to serve his sentence and return to Thailand this year. Just turn your head and look at the questioner before you walk. Greet the fans and get on the bus and return with the end saying that they wish to cheer for the party for Thailand. : "Thaksin" Select the final exit to set up the battle. confident 310 votes for people getting bored "Prayuth"
RTSC tutors candidates 400 MPs nationwide, 400 districts today.|The RTTC has urged 400 MPs from 400 districts across the country to campaign in accordance with the laws and regulations of the SAT in accordance with the "creative campaign" guidelines before taking the stage to officially launch the party's party list amid media scrutiny today (March 25, 2023). The Ruam Thai National Building Party held a seminar to educate prospective candidates. MPs from all 400 districts to understand the guidelines for campaigning in accordance with the regulations of the Election Commission (SEC). A representative from the SAT came to educate the prospective applicants. MPs who came to attend the seminar in unison. Party leader Peeraphan Salirathvipak and party secretary-general Eknath Promphan held a meeting to understand the candidates of the 33 districts of Bangkok, asking everyone to continue their campaign constructively. Focus on compliance with regulations, rules and laws as The SEC also asked that the applicant All MPs do their duty to the fullest, diligently attending public meetings as much as possible, believing that diligence and determination can overcome anything. The Ruam Thai National Building Party is also scheduled to launch its candidates. All 400 MPs across the country in all provinces, including the party's party list this afternoon, also opened the party's list this afternoon.Read more: Smart Vote Pre-election registration app from today - April 9, 2023"Prayuth" releases all parties hoping for land slide If it's not good, slide out of the lane.
"Jurin" announces the NCPO is ready! The NHRC has improved across the country.  |leader The NCPO said after March 27 that all 400 MPs and 100 candidates from the list had never banned Thaksin from returning to Thailand, only that he would have to face justice. Point to the public to answer today (25 March 2023) The Democratic Party held a meeting of party members to hear opinions on the nomination of candidates for the election of MPs on a zonal and list basis. Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Party leader The atmosphere of the primary vote of the Bangkok MP candidates today is very active. The head of the Democratic Party told the media that when the primary vote is completed on March 27, he will know who the 400 candidates, 400 districts are, and who the 100 lists are. The head of the Democratic Party said that in fact, he could go back to the country if he did. No one can be prevented from returning when asked by reporters about polarizing to consolidate the majority in forming that government. Mr. Jurin replied, "We are committed to democracy. with the King as Head of State. Whoever gathers the majority is the government, and the rest is the opposition, he added. It doesn't have to be how much and how much. But it's about who collects all the people's voices. Therefore, no matter how many can be polarized or polarized to form a government, but it does not mean that the election is 1st, 2nd, will be the 3rd, 4th government, is the oppositionRead more: Check the qualifications to be zonal MPs - The party list is open for applications April 3-7, this blood is thicker than water. "Muangsiri family" Close the Democrat deal.
Who is the favorite? "Nida Poll" reveals the results of the poll of which party the people of Bangkok choose.|"NIDA Poll" Reveals Poll Results Which Party Do Bangkok People Choose? Meet "Pitha-Phae Thongtarn" Gen. Prayuth ranks 3rd today (March 26, 2023). Poll Center "NIDA Poll", National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA) reveals the results of the public survey. The survey will be conducted between March 15-21. From people aged 18 and over and eligible to vote in Bangkok, covering all 50 districts, distributed across all levels of education, occupation and income. A sample of 2,500 units was surveyed when asked about people in Bangkok. Will support him as prime minister in this election. It was found that when considering the person that the people of Bangkok would support to become the top 5 prime ministers. When classified by Bangkok administrative divisions, it was found that for the political parties that Bangkok people will choose to be zonal MPs, it was found that when considering the political parties that Bangkok people are likely to choose as MPs in the top 5 list. When classified by administrative groups of Bangkok, it was found that reading related news, the RTTC announced "Prayuth" as the candidate for Prime Minister "Peeraphan". Second person4 "Mae Sai" flooded with toxic dust more than 7 times - orange sky
RTTC announces "Prayuth" as prime minister candidate "Peeraphan" The second one.|Unite Thailand to build a nation proposed Gen. Prayuth is the prime minister's candidate. Lead an election battle. Likening himself to having a purple heart that does not lie, announcing the transcendence of conflict, Chong "Peeraphan Salirat Wiphak", the 2nd Prime Minister's candidacy, pleaded for the 2 certificates to unite Thailand to build the nation today (25 March 2023). The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, led by Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha as chairman of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party's Guidelines and Strategy Committee, along with party leader Peeraphan Saliratwiphak, and party leaders, attended a press conference to announce that the candidates for all 400 districts, Mr. Ekkanat Promphan, secretary-general of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, said at the beginning that he admitted that the mission encountered obstacles early and was the most tiring time in his political career, but was proud that it was the happiest task of his life. To create an image as a political institution by inviting the warlords of the Northeast. It is led by several experienced politicians. There were 133 candidates and debuted at the Northern General's candidates. Headed by Mr. Juti Krairirk Mr. Saranwut Saranket Mr. Niroth Sunthorn, including the prospective candidate Central MP Suchart Chomklin, right-hand man of Gen. Prayuth, Mr. Chaiwat Paopiemsap, Ms. Rangsima Rodrasami Ms. Kulwadee Napomravadee, Mr. Akradej Wongpitakroj, Mr. Anucha Nakasai and the Southern MP candidates led by Chumpol Julsai, Chumpol Kanchana, and Guseng Yaohasan were present. ,Mr. Sastra Sripan ,Mr. Somboon Uthaiviakul and launched the candidate. Bangkok MPs led by Maj. Gen. Knight Kwan Muang , Mr. Choong Kong-Udom, Mr. Boonyod Suktinthai by the General Secretary of the Party Suggesting that he is a young politician who volunteered to work for the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, which in the next 2 months has a challenging task with the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party as an important milestone to make the old party a political institution. Starting from a small point, the SAT announced that the Ruam Thai National Building Party is ready to send candidates to all 400 districts. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha is a leader who intends to work for the nation and becomes the leader of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, the party declares that it is going to lead the country to be a happy and stable country with harmony. Asked if anyone had objections to the party's bid to become prime minister, he said he could be a person with considerable experience and said he did not feel alone, comparing the candidate to the hero and that the hero would always be the winner. I admit that I am excited to meet members today. He reiterated that we will drive people of all ages towards stability, prosperity, sustainability and that the people are partners of the country and the country is not a business administration and management of interests but a tangible policy in accordance with the law. And the people who attended the event replied "Uncle Tu" and hoped that all the candidates would come together to think together and do it together, while jokingly saying that if the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party had 400 MPs in the parliament, what would it do? Before announcing at the end that Unite Thailand to build the nation 3 times, the future of the nation begins today before giving a final speech thanking the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party and the party will overcome conflicts. Do not forget the past what happened by not attacking or slander anyone who will work in party politics for the people to understand. Pointing out that the happiness of the Thai people is the profit of the nation and the government must be all citizens, Gen. Prayuth said that if he is not confident, he will not decide to work with the Ruam Thai National Building Party. The Volunteer Party will make the people as happy as possible, but if you say that the people will support the candidate of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, the differences are common, but the basis for the resolution is to talk in the Council. It does not contradict and does not contradict the law, reiterating its commitment to honesty and sincerity. In my own heart. The happiness of the Thai people is the profit of the nation. Given the political history, there are few governments that have completed 4 years, whose own government is almost completely stable. Next time, the goal is to complete 4 years and must protect the country so that anyone can harm before asking for the 2 certificates to unite Thailand to build the nation. Gen. Prayuth proposed to have a second prime minister candidate, Mr. Peeraphan Saliratwiphak. Prayuth declined to answer questions about former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra's return to Thailand to serve his sentence. Ignoring the Amnesty Act, the Prime Minister simply paused to listen to questions before shaking his head and saying, "Come on. Before getting on the bus, return immediately while the atmosphere Before the Prime Minister returned, there were people who were fans waiting to give flowers, take selfies and cheer for the Prime Minister.
"Settha" thanks poll people cheering for sitting Prime Minister not responding to "Prayuth" Saewland slide|"Economics" Thanks to the poll ranked Bangkok people want to be Prime Minister Yan "Ung-ing" rank fall not related to the slow launch of candidacy. Not on the list of reasons for separation of executive and legislative reasons. Gen Prayuth warned against slipping out of lane today (March 26, 2023) Mr. Settha Thaveesin Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand gave an interview while helping Pheu Thai Party MP candidates campaign in Bangkok. Regarding the latest popularity poll results, which ranked among the top 10 Bangkok people cheering for the prime minister, he said he had not looked at the poll results and was still campaigning. I want you to be involved in doing something for the country. Mr. Settha said that the Pheu Thai Party has adopted policies from the past, and in the picture there are only qualified personnel, a competent party, and continue to make good policies and accelerate understanding with the people who are still in doubt while the popular vote of Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra, head of the family for Thailand, who fell to second place. Settha insisted it was not about the Pheu Thai Party launching its candidacy for prime minister late. Seeing the poll as a poll, we can continue to do our best, we cannot be tied to the poll results, and the launch of the party's prime ministerial candidacy is still on April 5, as before, in case 100 MPs were opened without the names of Mr. Settha and Ms. Phaethongtarn. Setha stressed that the executive and legislative branches should be separated. The fact that their name was not on the list was not beyond expectation, because they had always said they had to be separated. Although many people want the Prime Minister's candidacy to be on the list, the Constitution does not stipulate it, but it is important that the administration of the legislative branch is the duty of MPs and the executive branch, once they have done their duties, they should go to the House of Commons because it is a question that comes from the people. Mr. Seth admitted that there are many candidates in the party for the list. And it is the duty of the party executive committee to allocate people in the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. prime minister It stated that if the landslide does not go well, it will go out of the lane and hurt again. Mr. Settha declined to comment.Read more: Who is the favorite? "Nida Poll" reveals which party the BMA people choose
On the first day, more than 30,000 people registered for the election.|The SAT stated. Early voter registration opened on the first day (March 25) with 30,000 interested people, with more than 15,000 registered in Bangkok and 4,995 outside the Kingdom today (March 26, 2023). Reporters reported that the Office of the Election Commission (SEC) The number of people who registered to vote outside the constituency, which opened yesterday (March 25) as the first day of the SAT data at 6 p.m., indicated that 32,805 people registered to vote outside the precinct nationwide, including 32,600 people registered online and 205 registered with the local registrar. 15,202 registered users A total of 4,995 Thais registered to vote abroad, of which 4,989 registered online and only six registered through consulates. A total of 531 Thais have registered to vote in two cities, Canberra and Sydney, for early voter registration from now until April 9, with online registration available 24 hours a day and early voting on May 7. https://stat.bora.dopa.go.th/Election/regoutvote/ Read related newsSmart Vote Pre-registration app from today - 9 April 2023Who is the favorite? "Nida Poll" reveals the results of the poll of which party Bangkok people choose.
"Pitha" thanks poll for sitting Prime Minister - Men 2 years as a central chain |"Pitha" thanked the people of Bangkok for supporting him as Prime Minister as a force to move forward in the 2023 election campaign, believing in the party's policies and stance differently from other parties. Not only do you change people, you need to change your structure. Today (26 Mar 2023) Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. In an interview about the case of Nida Poll, the opinion poll revealed that Bangkok people trust Mr. Pitha as the number 1 and want him to be Prime Minister, saying that it is a good force to work and must use the power that the people of Bangkok have to be a force to work throughout the country. Nonthaburi province will meet with farmers in the province who have debt problems and propose agricultural policies such as solar cell policy. The Tree Bank believes that if you work hard to the area continuously. Present policies and working positions that are clearly different from other parties, dare to think, dare to do of the party moving forward. ObviouslyRead more news Who is the favorite? "Nida Poll" reveals the results of the poll of Bangkok people to choose which party Mr. Pitha said about the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's launch that he did not pay attention. Politics is not just about replacing the prime minister, it's about the structure. The problem is systematic and Gen. Prayuth Chandraocha and Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Head of the Pracharath Party Try to propose to be the middle chain to overcome conflict. Mr. Pitha said that suddenly he would not be able to whitewash himself as a central chain. In order to lead Thai society beyond real conflict, both must enter the process of accountability, reconciliation must not be just a matter of politicians forgiving each other unilaterally. In the past, there have been many people who have been subjected to reading related news. Thanks to the poll, people cheering for the sitting Prime Minister did not respond to "Prayuth" Saewland slide. 
"Jurin" Believe the current in Bangkok is still good.|"Jurin" sits at the head of the table discussing the economic team. NCPO aims to inject 1 trillion baht If you come back to government, Believe the current in Bangkok is still good, do not criticize the poll after not ranking, confident that the policy will resonate with the crowd. Bangkok Today (26 Mar 2023) Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party presided over the meeting of the economic team. Mr. Pisit Leeatham, Mr. Sasiprunt Chandratat, Mr. Kiat Siddhiamorn, Mr. Samart Rajpolsit, Ms. Watanya Bunnag, Mr. Issara Seriwatanawut, Mr. Sansern Samalapa, and Mr. Alongkorn Polbut, to discuss additional policies to drive the country's economy. If he becomes the leader of the government, he will move forward with the strategy. Make Money Create people It will drive the foundational, macro, and modern economies. The future economy, in terms of the micro-economy, will focus on agriculture, industry, and tourism as a basis for generating money, such as policies on cash crops, livestock, fisheries, SMEs. The macro policy will aim to create economic growth. Create economic stability and reduce economic inequality While the modern and future economic policies will focus on innovation and technology development with an emphasis on sustainability, the meeting also agreed to inject money into the system. Not less than 1 trillion baht to keep the economy moving forward. By pledging money from various sources, including the national budget and other sources of money available at various points, which the party has carefully looked at, focusing on not creating public debt, Mr. Churin also mentioned that the policies for the people of Bangkok of the Democratic Party are already good, including the establishment of a community bank of more than 2,800 communities and 2 million baht per community. Bangkok will have more than 100,000 points, free tuition up to a bachelor's degree in the field that the market needs, etc. After the NIDA Poll in Bangkok The Democratic Party does not rank among the prime ministers that the people of Bangkok will choose. Mr. Churin said that in the upcoming elections, there are two cards: choosing a person and choosing a party, which is confident that the party's candidates have selected quality people to present to the people of Bangkok. The party has been better received by the Bangkok governorship election, and the polls depend on which poll it is and the time period of polling, so it does not criticize the latest polls, but is confident that the Democratic Party's grounding has continued. All voices echo closely to the fact that there is still a good response to the relevant news sequence. : Who is the favorite? "Nida Poll" Reveals Poll Results of Bangkok People Choose Which Party "Jurin" Announces The NCPO is ready! Confident The NHRC has improved across the country.
"Sudarat" Declare a stance not to remove dictatorship - end bipolar politics|"Sudarat" Declared a position on the stage expressing the vision of "No dictatorship and end the bipolar war". Confirmed ready to be a candidate for Prime Minister Today (26 Mar 2023) Mrs. Sudarat Keyurapan The leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party along with the executives of the Thai Sang Thai Party. Take a stand on the stage to express your vision. And end the bipolar political war, not inherit dictatorship, amend the people's constitution, and adhere to democracy with the king as head of state. As part of the Thai Build Thai Party's stance, Khun Sudarat also revealed the progress of the party's MPs in about 300 districts. Confirmed, no problem, by nominating him as a candidate for mayor. At the moment, there is no consensus from the party, but he is ready to lead the country from more than 17 years of political experience. We have a good policy for the South so that we can truly be the salvation of the country. We are here to make the people win", while the NIDA poll results about who the people of Bangkok want to be prime minister in this election. Khun Sudarat is ranked 4th, Khun Sudarat sees herself as having to continue to work against herself. All polls reflect the same, some different. Read more: Who is the favorite? "Nida Poll" reveals the results of the poll of which party Bangkok people choose. 
"Warawut" supports "Thaksin" to return to Thailand but must be punished according to the law|The Thai Pattana Party launched a grand speech to unveil its candidates. Yasothon MP for District 1 and District 3 "Warawut" pleaded for the selection of candidates to be MPs, confirming his support for Thaksin's return to the country. However, they must be prosecuted under the same law as Thai nationals today (March 26, 2023). Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha Head of the Thai Patana Party, along with Mr. Praphat Potasudhon, General Secretary of the Party Dr. Udom Prongfa, executive director of the party, Mr. Anurak Churimas, deputy leader of the party, and his team visited the campaign platform and unveiled the candidates. In 2 out of 3 constituencies, the Thai Pattana Party has fielded candidates in only 2 districts: Constituency 1 sent Mr. Weerasak Kotsombat, former deputy mayor of Yasothon Province, and Constituency 3 sent Mr. Thongsit Tangjaturawit, former mayor of Sam Yaek Subdistrict. Loeng Nok Tha The two MPs are considered new candidates for the national political arena and are the hopes of the Thai Pattana Party. In the flagging of the chair of Yasothon MP in the election of MPs on May 14, 2023. More than 7,000 people waited for a warm and friendly welcome with the speech focused on policy. Do it for real. Promote a policy to distribute free rice varieties nationwide with an initial payment of 1,000 baht per rai including cash crops. He also appealed to the people to choose a candidate from the Thai Pattana Party to become an MP so that they could help develop the country. Yasothon province to be as prosperous as Suphan Buri province, the birthplace of Mr. Warawut.Mr. Warawut said that in the past, he was the Minister of Natural Resources and Environment and implemented a policy to solve water resources problems. agriculture Forest resources, waste pond management, groundwater drilling Water for agriculture allows people in areas that have experienced drought to have water for agriculture, be able to live, earn income to feed their families, and stand on their own feet, especially in Yasothon province. In order to solve water problems for farmers, the Thai Pattana Party is ready to continue and is ready to become a coalition government party to run the country and help. Alleviate the suffering of the people in all aspects. If the people of Yasothon want to have a better quality of life than in the past. Yasothon province has the same prosperity as Suphan Buri province, so he asked to elect both the party and the candidate of the Thai Pattana Party to be an MP in the council of the head of the Thai Pattana Party, said former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. Fugitives abroad who have announced that they will return to the country to serve their sentences according to the judicial process may not differ from all Thais in the land. They must be subject to the same laws, which readily support and cannot deny that the declaration of return to the country at election time must affect the vote. The Thai Patana Party has two main conditions: not touching Article 112 and adopting the proposed policies like wow Thailand. Amendment of the Constitution by drafting a new Constitution If these conditions can be implemented, we will work together as a coalition government, and if any polarity adopts the policies of the Thai National Party to work, there is an opportunity to join the government with related news: "Thaksin" Select the final exit to set up the battle. confident 310 votes for people getting bored "Prayuth"
"Ung-ing" hopes "Thaksin" returns to Thailand, happy with the results of the Prime Minister's poll in 2nd place|"Pae Thongtarn" hopes to want "Thaksin" to return home but respects the decision. I haven't told you back yet. "Big Tu" identified as a creative person after warning Thailand to beware of landslides out of lane Nakhon Pathom province campaign to reclaim the area of the big house "Accumulate wealth" happy with the results of the poll of people who want to be the 2nd prime minister today (26 March 2023) Phaethongtarn Shinawatra, head of the family for Thailand, said former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told Japanese media that he would return to Thailand and was ready to accept the blame. If it was a normal prosecution and not after the coup, I believe it would not be like this. I personally respect my father's decision. We respect his decision and encourage him when asked if he is the head of the family for Thailand and must lead the army to fight the election. Will Thaksin's interview affect the Pheu Thai Party? Miss Paethongtarn said, "I would like to say from my heart that I can't change the fact that Ing is my father's daughter and I don't want to change it either. Therefore, leading the Pheu Thai Party for elections and delivering policies to the people is the primary duty of himself and the party leader. And we continue to do what my father said, if anything happens, and as a result, I want it to be his part, because he already said that coming back or whatever is not about the Pheu Thai Party and saying that nothing will be done. My father had said this months before, and it still is, Ms. Paethongtarn said, "My father has not said when he will be due to return. If you tell me, you may be so excited that you have already dropped out, but there is always hope that you want your father to come home and want your grandfather to come back and raise your grandchildren, especially after 2 months before giving birth. He has said in several interviews that he will continue to do for the people in any capacity. Because the country needs change. Can't wait anymore, Miss Paethongtarn also mentioned the case that Mr. Thaksin came out to watch. If he is prime minister, he will do well because he has patience, that this patience is seen as the DNA he inherited from his father who wanted to see the country change. We must not think of ourselves as having to be this. Whichever one can do it, which the people give the opportunity is the most important thing. And even though he is 8 months pregnant, he still has energy, patience and politics all along, but admits that his problem is that he does not know that he is tired. For example, today, even though he is not feeling well, he still comes to the stage to give a speech if he faints, he asked the media to help support him when asked to reiterate the case that Thaksin praised him for being a good prime minister. If there is consensus from the party, are you ready to become prime minister? Ms. Paethongtarn was embarrassed and said that she was embarrassed to say this. He thinks that he asks for the right and best people Let everything be in accordance with the procedure in the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. prime minister It stated that if the landslide does not go well, it will go out of the lane and hurt again. Miss Paethongtarn said that the Prime Minister is a creative person, then let the creative go and we went ahead to campaign to Miss Paethongtarn mentioned the strategy of going to the area and giving a campaign speech in Nakhon Pathom province. Today, to reclaim the area from the big house, "accumulate wealth" that the policy of the Pheu Thai Party is strong. At the same time, the people want change. As for political games, let it be a political game, but if the people want change, reiterate that the Pheu Thai Party is the answer. The Pheu Thai Party leader said, "We are not reclaiming the political space from the big house, but we are reclaiming from the people who want the people to hand over power. Ms. Paethongtarn said that the opinion poll results of Bangkok people showed that the order of those who People want to be prime minister in 2nd place, according to the survey results in October 2022, at the time it was 3rd place, but recently moved up the ranking to 24%. Speaking about the support for the Pheu Thai Party, which is between the ages of 18-30 years, Ms. Paethongtarn said that it takes time to explain the vision and intention of the Pheu Thai Party, which is the most straightforward thing to draw votes from all groups, not just one age. He reiterated that the Pheu Thai Party is ready, especially if it is elected tomorrow. No matter how many groups of people, Pheu Thai still insists that it will do its best, and the better poll results are very encouraging for the party. : "Settha" thanks to polls of people who cheer for sitting Prime Minister does not respond to "Prayuth" Saewland slide who is the favorite? "Nida Poll" reveals the results of the poll of people in Bangkok, which party to choose?
NCPO knocks party list March 29 "Jurin" confident of Bangkok MP chair|"Jurin" reveals waiting for the executive director of the Democratic Party to knock that candidate MPs on March 29 are ready to express confidence that the party will Several MPs in Bangkok today (27 March 2023) Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Speaking to the media before attending the election strategy team meeting, the Democrat leader said today will be the last day for the Democratic Party to conduct legal primaries, and once the process is completed, the list of candidates for all districts and rosters will be finalized. He said there will be a meeting of the party's executive committee on March 29 and it will all end there. Therefore, we have to wait for the results of the meeting of the party executive committee, which the party has always done because there are many MPs on the list and there are already guidelines, with the format being sorted from 1 to 100 in accordance with all party laws and regulations. As for the nomination of a candidate for Prime Minister, The party executive committee has already resolved and is in compliance with it as well. The Democratic Party has what it needs to move forward is to organize 3 armies, consisting of the party leader, the army of the party secretary-general and the army of former party leaders, to help campaign for the election. Now everyone has a duty to follow that. The zoning commission can't be otherwise. Even though the SAT has changed districts in Bangkok, Democrat is the first party to declare that it is ready to fight all rules and ready to send candidates to all 33 districts. The Democratic Party is ready to step into the electionRead other news"Ung-ing" hopes "Thaksin" returns to Thailand, happy with the poll results of the Prime Minister ranks 2nd "Sudarat" Declare a stance not to remove dictatorship - end the 2-pole politics "Pitha" Thank you poll for sitting Prime Minister - Men 2 years as a middle chain 
"Bhumitham" Yan "For Thai" Not shaking hands with the NHS to form a government. |"Dharma" Asked if "Virat" daydreamed or not, leaning "for Thailand" not to shake hands with the NHRC to form a government, pointing out that it was "fanciful". Tell me there's only one condition. Join hands with political parties that share the same mindset or have worked together today (27 March 2023) Phumtham Vejyachai, deputy leader of the Pheu Thai Party, spoke about the case of Wirat Rattanaseth, deputy leader of the PDP. Allegedly agreed to allow Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister and the leader of the PDP are the Prime Minister, saying that only the Pheu Thai Party by the party's executive committee will decide who to join the government with or not. The party still insists on campaigning for the election of the party. MPs in the House of Assembly need to reach 310 votes to form a government because the country's problem is currently 250 senators who are considered a problem if the Pheu Thai Party gets 310 votes or more, there is no reason to shake hands with anyone. Therefore, I repeat, joining hands with the power of the state to join hands with that party, this party is all fanciful. Rest assured that today the party is determined to be the government for the changes in Thai society that have occurred and will not talk about it anymore, Mr. Bhumidham said that the Pheu Thai Party policy must be the main policy that has the support of the people. Collaborate on minor policies It must not contradict the main policy of the Thai order for the prime ministerial candidacy of that party. Mr. Bhumidham said it will be clear on the morning of April 4, 2023. Whether the list of candidates for the Prime Minister will be on the roster is still unknown. The party's prime ministerial candidate may or may not be on the list. Don't expect it. The Pheu Thai Party's list of names and candidates for president is a system that the party proposes to the people of the whole country to decide whether to stay or not to pass through the people.
"Somsak" to fire politics in the middle of the conflict|"Somsak" focuses on middle-class politics across conflicts, can work with all parties. He did not respond after being bombarded to move back to the Pheu Thai Party, hoping to fill the landslide. Pointed out as a minister 14 times in various government poles.  Today (27 Mar 2023) Pheu Thai Party leader Somsak Thepsutin said the attack after launching to join the Pheu Thai Party was a wave of attacks. From politicians I've worked with. But it is understandable because during the election campaign that may use the old method of discredit, Mr. Somsak insisted that there will be no retaliation to become a conflict issue because he is not good at making enemies. Read more NCPO knocks party list March 29 "Jurin" confident in the chair of the Bangkok MP by stating that he is ready to accept criticism and is willing to listen because he is an open person. Mr. Somsak said that although there were criticisms against moving to the Pheu Thai Party, there were also many supporters who wanted to move to the Pheu Thai Party because they thought it would help fill the landslide and set up a successful government. The Justice Minister has also pushed for a law on livestock promotion that will help raise cattle to meet the standard of attracting foreign tourists or pushing Kratom as a product, so his political work will look at the interests of the people as a location. Yasothon MP Chu to solve inequality - poor Warawut" supports "Thaksin" to return to Thailand but must be punished under the NCPO law knocks party list March 29 "Jurin" confident of winning the Bangkok MP chair 
Progressive Party launches Yasothon MP candidate Chu solves inequality-poverty|Thanathorn Thrungruangkit helps campaign for Yasothon MP candidate to point out big problems Belly economy Although the bag is heavy, it is full of coins on March 26, 2023. The Progressive Party held a candidate launch event. Yasothon Provincial Councillor Former MP for Khunpol Isaan, former MP of the Progressive Party, namely Khamphong Thephakam, Surawad Thongbu, Chaibutr Organization and Taweesak Thaksin, along with Thanathorn Chuengruangkit, served as campaign assistants for potential candidates and launched candidates by district and prospective candidates. List of Thanathorn MPs He revealed that he was one of the people who traveled to the market the most. Experiencing economic problems with stomach problems. Even though the bag is heavy, it is full of coins. The Progressive Party in the 2023 elections is much stronger and more ready than the New Future Party in the 2019 elections from the struggle and work over the past 4 years. He said that he came to Isaan for the first time at the age of 19 in Sai Mun district, Roi Et province to go out for a volunteer camp. Thanathorn also spoke about the problems of Isaan brothers and sisters, which are like endless cycles of inequality and poverty. Thanathorn said, "Isaan life from birth is not with parents. My parents had to go to work in big cities, growing up. Good schools are hard to find. When I went to college, I was in debt. I graduated from college and was going to live. Follow your dreams, but start life is not equal to others. Negative over 200,000 baht After graduating, I enlisted in the army again. The children of the poor went on to become conscripts." If it is not a farmer who has to be in debt, a government official, there are no lines, cannot grow, and ask for the strength of Yasothon brothers and sisters in addition to the speech of the candidate and campaign assistant of the party to move forward. Taweesak also warned the public not to be fooled or misunderstood by fake news in the case of pensions of government officials. Therefore, he asked the people to believe such information because the party has gone a long way. In addition, Thaweesak reiterated the case of early elections. People who are not in the area are asked to register for the election between March 25 and April 9 so as not to lose their right to vote. Yasothon Province: Somchai Khamsak, Congressional candidate for District 1, Piriyawong Bush Puang said that the candidate for Congressman District 2, Nattapol Sriubon Congressional candidate for District 3.
SAT facilitates "disabled and elderly" Exercise the right to vote for MPs|SAT prepares to facilitate disabled persons with disabilities elder Exercise the right to vote for MPs and publicize access to rights and arrange booths appropriately today (March 27, 2023). Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Clarified that the importance of the right to vote for persons with disabilities and the elderly is given importance to the right to vote according to Section 92 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives B.E. 2561 (2018), which provides for the Election Commission to provide special facilities for voting of persons with disabilities or disabilities or the elderly, or to provide assistance in voting. Under the supervision of the Election Unit Committee, with the consent and intent of the voters, the Standing Committee of the Election Unit (MPA) shall facilitate and provide voting assistance to persons with disabilities or disabilities or the elderly at the polling station. Disability and the elderly If the ballot cannot be marked, the MPA or a relative or trusted person shall mark it on the ballot instead. with the consent and intent of the disabled or infirm or the elderly, and the MEA Such action shall be recorded in the Election Incident Report (MPs 5/6) and shall be treated as direct and secret voting in the case of central polling places. to the Election Commission of the constituency. The organizer and control of voting in the central election for persons with disabilities or the elderly by designating a central voting place for persons with disabilities. A total of 28 polling places in 23 provinces for persons with disabilities or the elderly are designated for persons with disabilities or the elderly. Ballot box to vote A different colour or marking of each ballot box must be set and communication must be provided that shows the process and method of voting. Providing voting equipment or facilities for persons with disabilities or disabilities or the elderly, as well as organizing training for polling station staff and publicizing access to voting rights of persons with disabilities or disabilities or the elderly to have knowledge and understanding in facilitating and assisting in voting. office The SAT recognizes human rights, freedoms and dignity. To persons with disabilities or disabilities on an equal footing with the general public, especially the right to access elections, which is considered an indicator of progress. Ability to conduct elections professionally and internationally recognized
Prime Minister responds to "Thaksin" knot asking to return to Thailand to fight case|Prime Minister brushes off "Thaksin" knot, announces request to return home to fight lawsuits, including secret deals to capture political polarization "For Thailand - Power of Pracharat" and asks everyone to help make the country peaceful. Heading into the March 27, 2023 election, Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister chaired the meeting of the Council of Veterans Organizations No. 1/2023. Are MPs on the list of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party? Gen. Prayuth did not answer questions and immediately walked up to the meeting. He also declined to answer questions about political issues. Overcoming conflict or the case of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra Fugitive abroad The announcement of the return of the country to serve punishment, as well as the secret news stream captured the political polarity between the Pheu Thai Party and Pracharath Power. Before reiterating his duties as Prime Minister, he asked everyone to help make the country peaceful. Moving forward to the election, related news, RTTC announces "Prayuth" as prime minister candidate "Peeraphan" The second one, "Prayuth", fired all the party hopes for a landslide. If it's not good, slide out of the lane.
Political mantra reflects the identity of the "party" through campaign songs.|Even the song "Political Mantra" sung by Kru Khamron Sambunnanon, who passed away more than 50 years ago, will be the same age as the departed singer, but the classic content of the opus never goes out of style and has to be opened almost every time. In the run-up to the election season, the implications of the song reflected the campaign aspects of politicians penetrately, especially the verse "My patriotic mouth sounds miserable, seeing only that he will compete for a great position in the Parliament, lobbying for a big party, following the bars, sometimes raising them to slaughter, it leaves the representatives of Thailand." Change the campaign song, but every time the drum moves each other, each wading into each other relentlessly, especially using music to communicate and campaign to understand the people. Show your position, identity, suggest various policies, and whether it can be done or not is another matter. The Faculty of Liberal Arts, Prince of Songkla University conducted a study on "The Study of Music and Thai Political Movements 2004-2014". The paper was published in the Journal of Humanities and Social Sciences. Rajapruk University, Vol. 1, No. 3 (October 2015, January 2016), with a passage. Indicates the specific style of music that has been used in political movements in Thailand, that music or political music (Music in Politics) refers to music that is used as a medium of conduct. Propose a picture of the identity of the people in various dimensions to achieve the objectives they aim for. In addition to reflecting the lives of people in society, it may also reflect the economic aspects. Politics and Socio-Cultural as Assoc. Prof. Dr. Suchart Sangthong Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences Nakhon Sawan Rajabhat University once explained the basic idea of political music that originated in Siamese society until Thai society periodically. It was inspired by the ideas of the people who wrote this song. The political justice that emerges in each era and is constantly changing for the 2023 elections is the same. Leading up to the May 14 ballot drop off, all political parties are now releasing campaign songs to send a message and message to the people through their lyrics, melodies and rhythms, encouraging fans to move their legs and see the content of the campaign song to see which party wants to communicate through the song. "New Morning" of the Democratic Party, sung by Mr. Methi Arun, or "Methi Labanoon", opens with a picture of Mr. Chuan Leungpai. Drumming, drumming, music. The lyrics speak of modern democracy, which is like the power of a new morning to create stability. It can be done quickly, it can actually be done while the Power Pracharath Party has released the song "Overcome the Conflict" and "Uncle Pom 700" to reflect the memory of "Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan". In the manner of an adult, kind, dependable heart, taking care of the problems of the villagers. In addition, the song "Lung Pom 700" also implies the policy of increasing the state welfare card 700 baht on the Pheu Thai Party. The rhythm and melody that triggered the wind hits on easily. The melody is pop music that appeals to the younger generation. No matter what stage it opens. Mom raised Luk to dance without embarrassment, the Thai Unification Party built the nation. Released 4 campaign songs, with the main song Uniting Thailand to build the nation as a slow song selling point, honesty and integrity. Patriotism aims to create unity in the country. The song that is expected to be loved by fans is the song "Cheer for Lung Tu Fight Fight" that the Proud Thai Party uses the song "Speak and Do", which is the party's motto used in the election campaign. The lyrics say, "Words are like masters, and when spoken, they must be done." Reflecting the Proud Thai Party, the last step the party has advanced. Use the song "Choose to Go Further" as a selling point. This includes the creation of a welfare state, which is the party's campaign policy." You cheaters like to eat you, you guys don't choose to pick up, but there are many good people. Then brothers and sisters will be happy to lead our nation to prosperity."  
"Mascot" pushes gas policy down to 250 baht per cylinder, believes "Prawit" sitting Prime Minister can do it |"Mascot" Announcement Birth of "People's Gas" policy reduced to 250 baht per cylinder, confirms "Prawit" sitting Prime Minister The 30th one can do it. Today (27 March 2023), Mr. Mingkwan Saengsuwan, an advisor to the policy making committee of the Power Pracharath Party, announced the "policy to reduce gas prices for the people". Sep2022 The Oil Fund had a negative debt of Baht 124,602 million. The government has raised the price of cooking gas by 1 baht per kilogram every month, or 15 baht per cylinder, resulting in more expensive other products, while on Aug. 16, the Office of the Fuel Fund proposed a 150 billion baht loan plan. To support the Oil and Gas Fund that is currently in debt. The price of cooking gas increased to 423 baht per cylinder and on 9 March 2018 The announcement to freeze gas prices until June 30, 2023, noted that it may be because the election period is near, so the price will be frozen, but if the current government does not return to the next government, the burden will be on the next government. After the election, there is a chance that gas prices will rise. Until the end of this year, there is a chance to see the price of gas at 513 baht per cylinder and will see other products increase in price. Therefore, the Power Pracharath Party proposes a gas policy for the people to reduce the price of 1 cylinder with a capacity of 15 kilograms to 250 baht or reduce the price by 173 baht from the current price of 423 baht, with a total subsidy budget of approximately 24,000 million baht. The subsidy budget is for a period of one year or 11.53 baht per kilogram of gas, which is calculated that Thai people use about 2,087 million kilograms of cooking gas per year, Mr. Mingkwan said on March 8, 2023. Department of Natural Fuels According to the report, natural gas fields in the Gulf of Thailand after changing the concession system to the production sharing agreement system will reduce the price of natural gas from 279 - 324 baht per million BTU to 172 baht per million BTU. As a result, the revenue returned to the government sector more than before, about 24,000 million baht per year. A committee will be set up to oversee all energy issues, including gas and oil, as well as electricity in parallel, Mr. Mingkwan said. The head of the Pracharath Power Party, becoming the 30th Prime Minister, will definitely give the green light to such a policy. Because they want to help solve the problems of the stomach and well-being of the people. Related News, Political Mantras Reflecting the identity of the "Party" through the campaign song "Somsak", the political middle line crosses the conflict, the party moves forward to launch its candidates. Yasothon MP Chu tackles inequality-poverty NCPO knocks party list March 29 "Jurin" confident of winning Bangkok MP chair
Upkit admits money laundering and transnational crime charges|Senator Upkit Pajariyangkur has pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to launder money, money laundering and participation in transnational criminal organizations with prosecutors today (March 27, 2023). Mr. Kosolwat Induchanyong Deputy Spokesperson for the Office of the Attorney General Revealed that he was informed by Mr. Kultanit Mongkolsawat The Director General of Public Prosecutions of the Bureau of Investigation said that at 2.00 p.m. today, Senator Upkit Pajariyangkur met with the Narcotics Suppression Police Commander 3, the investigating officer in charge, as assigned by the Attorney General, to request to fight the case in case of alleged prosecution. The Office of the Attorney General, together with the Public Prosecutor of the Investigation Office, has acted in accordance with Section 134 of the Criminal Code. Mr. Upkit was aware of the facts of the alleged acts and charged him with being a member of the Senate, conspiracy to launder money, and jointly laundering money. Mr. Upkit denied and after reporting the charges, fingerprints were taken for criminal background checks. The investigating officer found that the accused was not the person who was issued a summons or arrest warrant, so he arranged for the accused to meet. To give testimony on the case as scheduled at the same time. The Attorney General then ordered the investigation team and the public prosecution team to expedite the investigation to be completed as soon as possible. Raise your hands to your head, swear never get involved in drugs, believe in being attacked.
Strikes down the request to withdraw the House of Assembly Dissolution Act 66 "Ruangkrai" The point is not in power.|Supreme Administrative Court strikes down "Ruangkrai" petition seeks revocation of the Dissolution of Parliament Act 2023 on grounds that it is not within its jurisdiction to be disposed of from the directory and without an emergency hearing. Today (28 Mar 2023) Reporters reported on March 27. The Supreme Administrative Court rejected the petition to consider the case filed by Ruangkrai Leekitwattana, a member of the Power Pracharath Party, against the Prime Minister. As a result of being a government official acting in bad faith. Exercise its discretion to dissolve the House of Representatives unlawfully under Article 103, paragraph three, asking the Court to order the suspension of the Act to dissolve the House of Representatives. 2023 is temporarily in force and revokes the House of Representatives Dissolution Act 2023 enacted in bad faith. Argue that the dissolution of the House of Representatives. In order to elect new members of the House of Representatives as a general election, Article 103, paragraph 2 of the Constitution shall be provided to be made in the form of a decree. It is not enacted as a mechanism for the normal administration of the national government or to determine the necessity for the conduct of administrative affairs as enacted by organizations exercising legislative power at the level of various acts or decrees. But as a mechanism to balance power between the executive and legislative branches in a democratic government according to the parliamentary system, the said decree is not a decree as implied by Section 11(2) of the Establishment of Administrative Courts and Administrative Procedure Act 1999. Red No. 3/2549 Black Case No. 100/2556 Red No. 12 7/2556 Mr. Ruangkrai The Supreme Administrative Court is requested to order the concerned persons to proceed in accordance with Article 102 of the Constitution as the application is beyond the jurisdiction of the Administrative Court under Article 197 of the Constitution and Section 9 together with Section 72 of the Establishment and Administrative Procedure Act 1999 to have the power and order as requested.
Analysis: Head of the House of Bangsaen "Twilight Khun Pluem"|Ambush plans to seize the entire province of Chonburi province back to the main house. For Big Brother and Head of the Family, you're flattered. At present, "Sia Pae" Mr. Sonthaya Khun Ploem that the latter has been challenged and rubbed quite a bit will also be "revenge" Chonburi new house with Mr. Suchart Chomklin. Minister Heng Key Generals of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party and Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha In this direct election battle, Mr. Twilight once posted a hurt message, "The dog became aggressive despite holding him for a long time." When the rumors were true. In mid-February 2022, he said that he would not be the main player in the army. MPs from the Power Pracharath Party are already fighting the 2023 election because Power Pracharath will choose their own candidates. After he went to talk to the elders in the party to inquire about the truth and got the answer that he wanted to build an empire, he could not focus on anyone but Minister Heng. The people who were hanging around "Big Tu" went to check on the royal family everywhere that time. Mr. Suchart openly expressed his attitude as a candidate for Chonburi MPs, challenging the pressure to say that all the candidates for all 10 districts of Chonburi have been selected. Minister of Culture Deciding whether to run for the district or not, Mr. Sonthaya moved back to the Pheu Thai Party. Coordinate with Mr. Somsak Thepsutin's Sammitr group to move back to the Pheu Thai Party as well. MP3 The heir to the former big house due to the surrender. He joined the team as a candidate for Pheu Thai Party in District 5. Mr. Sorawut was positioned as the head of the candidate team, overseeing the entire province for the Pracharath Power Party of "Big Pom", reflecting that there had been a long ambush plan, namely as soon as it became clear that Mr. Somsak and Mr. Suriya had left Pracharath. Move back to the old house with a new name. Pheu Thai Party Mr. Sorawut has announced his resignation from the Pracharath Power Party. The Pheu Thai Party candidate is listed as a candidate in District 5 and immediately released as well, the list of Pheu Thai candidates under Sia Pae's preparation. His younger brother, who insisted on moving to Big Tu, who is unlikely to run for the district of the Thai National Building Party in Suchat's team, should be on the list of MPs more, but his wife's name is Mrs. Sukumon Khun Pluem. In addition to having prestige at stake, it is also a big battle to prove the majesty of Sia Pae as well. That there is also magic like "Kamnan Pao". Mr. Somchai Are you happy or not analytical? : Prajak Mawongsa
"Jitpat" to part ways with "NHC" After more than 13 years of working |"Jitpat", Deputy Secretary-General of the Democratic Party, posted on Facebook. He parted ways with the party after more than 13 years. It doesn't matter which house you live in. Let's just have the same ideology and give it a chance to work. Today (28 Mar 2023) Miss Jitpat Tan Kridakorn, Deputy Secretary-General of the Democratic Party, posted on Facebook. Democratic Party split Anywhere he appreciates our work and appreciates our work. 13 years with the Democratic Party at the age of 25, running for reelection for the first time. As a Democrat today, I don't have to stick to which house it has to be. Just have the same ideology and give us a chance to work because we still adhere to the interests of the people and the nation as the main principle throughout the 13 years on the political path that I have had the opportunity to go to 76 provinces to hear the problems. Always find solutions to coordinate for the people. Having the opportunity to work with experienced adults, both learning and practicing, this is the path we have chosen. This political path is not sprinkled with rose petals. Last name has changed. Through all kinds of things. Work in the House. Both the opposition and the government. No matter where we are, we will always work for the best interests of the people and the country.
"Suchat" pushes his wife to fight the election in District 1 Chonburi|"Suchart Chomsmell" Move to the roster, send "Napasanan Arintakunwong" His wife's brother is running for Chonburi District 1 instead, ready to support "Gen. Prayuth" to sit as Prime Minister. Another session (March 27, 2023) suchart chomkin Labour Minister as leader of the National Building Party (RTSO) The Facebook post was a very difficult decision, but I thought about it with the consequences in the future. Regarding the candidacy for the election of the MP for District 1 Chonburi, which I have been trusted by my brothers for many times, but this round chose to send "Napasanan Arinthakunwong". Former Deputy Mayor of Samet Subdistrict, or "Nong Yam", who is my wife's sister, is running in his place, and I will be running in the roster system, my scope of responsibility as of today is to take care of the big picture, totaling more than 104 districts, and to take care of MPs in Chonburi, the West, and the Eastern region. Central, etc. by obtaining the title. The Labour Minister has had the opportunity to serve and take care of workers all over the country. In this election, I sincerely hope that I will have a broader responsibility and do more for the Thai people for another reason. If I were a district MP, I would have spent time campaigning for my district, but other areas of responsibility would not be able to do so because of this election. I want to be a part of pushing "Uncle Tu" is the Prime Minister. I want to be dedicated to the group, marching to give speeches in various provinces, so I do not aim to win the battle in my old area, but to win the general election war as a whole. Call me anytime, Nong Yam is a person from Saen Suk Subdistrict, Chonburi Province and has ties to this place, has learned to work in politics for a while and I myself have talked and instilled very well about accepting volunteers to take care of my brothers and sisters in District 1 Chonburi after me. This space was the beginning of my life and I was everything for almost half my life. To trust someone to take care of my beloved people. Of course, "that person must be ready and have the same goals as me," Mr. Suchart said. In sending "Nong Yam" to run for election, I will take "Nong Yam" to entrust to all Chonburi residents in District 1. Coming soon by myself Related News: Analysis: Head of the House of Bangsaen "Twilight Khun Pluem"
"Madame Deer" to enter Wongwian Yai market, confident in the bank. NCP.|"Madame Deer" Tag Team Candidates Klongsan-Thonburi-Ratburana Campaign at Wongwian Yai morning market, confident that the bank's side is strong and not worried about changing the candidate after The new zoning commission today (March 28, 2023) Ms. Watanya Bunnag, Chairman of the Political Innovation Working Group, Democratic Party, along with Miss SIRIPA INTAWICHIAN Deputy party spokesperson and Bangkok MP candidate Klongsan-Thonburi-Ratburana The Democratic Party landed in Wongwian Yai Market. Khlong San District Meet vendors and citizens He introduced himself and introduced the party's policies, as well as asked for support for the candidate and the Democratic Party, Ms. Siripa. He said that today (March 28) even though it is the first day of Wongwian Yai district. After the constituency area was modified, but previously there were candidates. The Democratic Party's MPs have been on the ground continuously. It was felt that there was quite a positive response from the public. Members in the area remain cohesive and maintain space. Because everyone of the party has worked hard and took care of the people over the past 4 years, especially during the COVID-19 situation. Ms. Watanya said that today's visit received a good response from the people. Especially loyal Democrat fans. Especially in the Khlong San area, where the MP of the Democratic Party is representing the people, who understand and access the area in case of changing the candidate. She is not worried because she believes that the Democratic Party works as a team and that in Bangkok, no matter which area is like the same district, because people in Bangkok are constantly moving in different districts, Ms. Watanya said. Miss Siripa that the applicant The MP in Klongsan-Thonburi-Ratburana district said that he is a young person with work experience, especially as a team of assistants to Mr. Chuan Leekpai. President of the National Assembly He learned the mechanism of the parliamentary system, which is the main system, in which MPs have to take over legislative duties on behalf of the people. Coordinate cooperation in bringing people's problems to the House of Assembly so that they can be resolved quicklyRead other news "Jitpat" implies separation "NHC" After working together for more than 13 years, "Jurin" does not know "Tan Jitpat" post less heartlessly. NCPO doesn't see value for "Suchat" pushing his wife to fight election in District 1 Chonburi
Analysis: 11-time MP hopes to return to report "intuition to accelerate complete happiness"|No offense to the general public, even the little ones. Mr. Preecha Rangsomboonsuk, an 11-time Loei MP and former deputy minister in 2 ministries, did not expect to fail in the 2019 election. And not the only one who failed to enter the Sappaya Assembly at Kiakkai, but also brought his wife Sri. Mrs. Pengmanee Hastensomboonsuk MP 2 Vogue and politicians in the group It was the first time since 1986 that he was a first-term MP for the United Democratic Party and an 11-time consecutive MP. After deciding to leave Pheu Thai Party to join the Power Pracharat Party at the persuasion of Mr. Somsak Thepsutin and Mr. Suriya Rungruangkit, who went to Ban Yai in Loei province for the first time since the establishment of the Sammitr Group, there was no problem with the candidate and there was no problem with overlapping areas. Although he also ran for the district for sure, he lost to the Pheu Thai Party. That's why it's a low-profile. He has been around ever since, before he was named to form a new political party called Party for the People, but the latest at the beginning of February 2023. Moved to support "Big Tu", affiliated with the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, announced to reclaim the MP chair on the night of the 2023 election, Loei province has 1 more MP for a total of 4 districts. It is not easy because the Pheu Thai Party is led by Miss Paethong Tarn Shinawatra, Head of the For Thai Family, Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. Party leaders and leaders held a big speech and unveiled that the candidates for all 4 districts have the latest 2 MPs in the province. Headed by Mr. Saran Timsuwan New home, Loei province leads the team. Meanwhile, the Proud Party from the Timsuwan family as well, who defeated Mr. Preecha last time, is ready to fight for the presidency, so it is a big battle for the former big people in the province. As Mr. Preecha accelerated the complete happiness analysis: Prajak Mawongsa
"Jurin" doesn't know "Tan Jitpat" The DEA doesn't see the value.|"Jurin" Party leader The NCPO is ready to provide fairness to all parties. Reiterate the high quality party personnel, both district MPs and partylists. Today (28 Mar 2023) Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, told the media before attending the Cabinet meeting of the executive committee of the Democratic Party tomorrow (March 29) that the list of district candidates and the list of candidates will be considered. After the party conducts the primaries according to the law, it will be a matter for the executive committee to consider based on the rules that the party has followed in every era and according to the party regulations. Congressman on the roster or not. Mr. Jurin replied that he would wait for the outcome of the party's executive committee meeting tomorrow (March 29, 2023). If you are prepared to part ways with the Democratic Party, how will the party proceed? Mr. Jurin replied that he did not know about the matter and had just learned about it from reporters, so he could not answer.
Analysis: Pro proves skills after moving to the new camp of "Seth Chat"|No one dares to deny that it is not a work. When 3 scouts classmates Tor Tor 12 of "Big Tu" Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha broke the pen to flag 13 MPs in the south in 2019, one of the 3 musketeers, "Seth Chat" Col. Suchart Chantrachotekul. Former commander of the 43rd Ranger Regiment, Narathiwat Province, former MP of New Hope Party The only one in the South. Gen. Chavalit Yongjaiyut in 1992 and past The director of the Southern Election Election Commission is repeatedly failing to hope. After there is no ministerial quota for MPs, the Thai Axe Handle Group After the 2019 elections, Col. Suchart and the party's southern MPs tried to form before they were overturned due to lack of unity. Some MPs are affiliated with the group. Thammanat Prompapa, the party's secretary-general at the time, who tried to expand the prestige area to southern MPs, did not count the insider news. Axe-wielding MPs nominate a suitable candidate to be the southern quota minister. Seth Chatti has nominated himself as a minister for many times, but at some point, there will be a strong challenge from him to the southern group of MPs that he can succeed. Because he paved the way for the whole time. Seth Chart announced his resignation from the PDP to join a new party. At the end of 2021, there were some Nakhon Si Thammarat MPs. It was revealed that Col. Suchart had persuaded the MP from Power Pracharath to stay with him, so he was reversed with unusual words that Seth Chart had moved from the Power Pracharath Party to the deputy leader of the Kla Party before moving to the Future Building Thailand Party of Group 2 Kumar, which Chunai Somkid Jatusripitak had thrown in. I'm the prime minister, but I can't go on. In the end, the leaders must return to the NHS as before. Finally, he had to go to the Proud Thai Party, sitting in the chair of the party's chief strategist, controlling the area in Songkhla province in the 2019 election. But this time, there is 1 more person, it is estimated that the PN should have a chance to get 3-4 MPs. Mr. Phai Patno, former Democratic Party MP and former mayor of Hat Yai Municipality. In District 3, he is also motivated to prove his skills to the Southern Congressman and the Pracharath Party. Realizing their potential, including their own political future, they may turn their grievances into positive forces for fighting the 2023 election, even if it is even more extreme because there are at least 3-4 major parties that need to fight each other.
Get to know "Primary Vote", a new political term.|It is the first time in Thai politics that the primary vote system has been used, and the first time Thai people have heard this new political term. The Primary Vote system was first established in the Political Parties Constitutional Assembly Act B.E. 2560 (2017) and should have been used since the 2019 election. Election Commission (SEC) Due to the constitutional amendment to change the number of constituency MPs from 350 to 400 and the list-based MPs from 150 to 100, the electoral law had to be amended and was enacted on January 28, 2023. To create competition between representatives within the party independently, not dominated or guided by persons who are not members of political parties or outside the party. It is stated that the Primary Vote can only be done if: Although the SAT announced all 400 constituencies nationwide on January 31, 2023, the constituencies were changed again. After the dispute over the inclusion of non-Thai nationals in the delimitation of electoral districts, the SAT reorganized the constituencies and announced them again on March 16 until March 20, the Government Gazette announced. Therefore, the House of Assembly dissolves only about 2 weeks for political parties to conduct a primary vote.1. Party Leader2. Party Executive Committee3. Nomination Committee 4. Political Party Branch Committee 5. Representatives of provincial political parties, including party members. Political Parties Act B.E. 2560 (2017) All political parties are required to conduct primary voting as required by law. In a general election, the submission of candidates for the election of MPs, both zonal and list, shall be conducted by political parties in accordance with the method prescribed by the Political Parties Act B.E. 2560 (2017), except for these 3 items1. Submission of candidates for constituency MPs for elections instead of void elections2. Re-election in the absence of any elected person3. In case the candidate of the political party dies before the closing of the candidacy for the 2017 Political Parties Act There are penalties for candidates and party executive committee members who ignore, violate or fail to follow the prescribed procedures, including:1. Do not induce party members to vote for themselves or others, or refrain from voting for any one person. 2. Prohibition of political parties or anyone 3. Requesting or receiving money, property or any other benefit for any member to run for or not to be elected.3. Representatives of provincial political parties are prohibited. The head of a political party branch or any member of the executive committee of a political party consents to a person who is not a member of a political party. Although Primary Vote is used to create a primary democratic process in political parties, reducing the monopoly on the selection of candidates from party executive directors or political party capitalists, the Office of the Independent Organization Affairs Commission under the Senate Statute still encounters major problems and obstacles, such as political parties not having a real policy approach. Interference, domination, or guidance, resulting in a lack of independence, may lead to internal conflicts and cut off candidates on the list because they are not widely known, as well as high processing costs because they must manage party branches that must be in every province in full compliance with the requirements. Political Parties Act B.E. 2560Source: Office of Political Party Affairs, Office of State-sponsored Administration, Office of the Election Commission, Fund for the Development of Political Parties, Library of Parliament, iLawRead more : Analysis: Head of Ban Bang Saen "Twilight Khun Pluem"Political mantra reflects the identity of the "party" through campaign songs.
"Rome" doubts "Upkit" surrenders It's just a money laundering conspiracy, not drugs. |Rome pointed out that Senator Upkit's surrender is not a satisfactory progress. The only charge of money laundering conspiracy is not a drug case. Date 28 Mar 2023 Rangsiman Rome, spokesman for the Progressive Party, commented on the case when Upkit Pajariyangkur, the senator, met with the Narcotics Suppression Police Commander to request a defense of the case. Yesterday (March 27), he said that despite the progress, it was not entirely satisfactory. Because the charges that were initially announced are not entirely consistent with reality. Despite the money laundering conspiracy charges, the charges that Senator Upkit should actually receive are the same charges that Tun Min Lat and his associates were previously told. He understands that it is because Senator Upkit met with the investigating officer first. As a result, the legal process could not be done in the same manner immediately, but he expected that the Attorney General would have to order the notification of charges against him. Senator Upkit was charged with conspiracy to traffick drugs and aiding and abetting the commission of a serious drug offense, which carries a different penalty than the charges initially announced. Rangsiman said the prosecution was charged with money laundering conspiracy. The key agency responsible for immediate action is the Anti-Money Laundering Office (AMLA), which it expects to prosecute effectively. No more distractions. Now that the charges of conspiracy to launder money have been filed, the PPP is requested. Do your job. Proceed with the seizure of assets related to the commission of an offense. As for the prosecutor, he expects to continue to act as quickly as promised to the public. Admitted to money laundering allegations - transnational crime "genius" Singing the DEA police to investigate the general to help "Senator A" "Upkit" Raise your hands to your head, swear never get involved in drugs, believe in being attacked.
Analysis: 2 Major Parties for Thailand Scramble for the masses - the base of the vote is in T|Whether it's Nida Poll or Dusit Poll Park, which released the latest results a few days ago. The popular vote of "Ung Ing" Ms. Paethong Tarn Shinawatra and Pheu Thai Party has continued to lead away from others and other parties since the popular vote survey began in 2021, 2022 and continued in 2023 with regional, regional, and provincial separations. Mr. Anon Nampa admitted through a recent Facebook post that "Pheu Thai constituency, the party list is divided further" exists as a trend in the provinces, hence the Pheu Thai Party's campaign. He also said that the reason why many people want to go far is because the debate in the House of Commons of MPs and Mr. Rangsiman Rome can win a substantial number of votes. Unlike the Pheu Thai Party, the issue of disagreement between these two parties is that the Prime Minister must come from MPs. The party leader is a selling point, while the Pheu Thai Party does not have the name "Ung Ing", including Settha Thaweesin. Both of the party's prime ministerial candidates are on the party-list of MPs, including Thaksin Shinawatra's stance and interview on shaking hands with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Head of the Pracharath Party The government has asked the opinion of the Red Shirts or not, reflecting that the Red Shirt masses and the majority of the coalition. It is unacceptable to form a government with a military party or a party that plays a role in dissolving the assembly. Tear gas and arrests and prosecutions against protesters in recent times have even been the origin of the People's Democratic Front and its allies. The "Vote for Change" campaign will be presented on March 28 at the October 14 memorial at the Cow Stables intersection. Working together to win elections and form a government together instead of competing and competing with each other is another new challenge for these people, but how much they can do is another matter because in practice, it is undeniable that the Progressive Party must try to increase its support to speed up the escape of Gen. Prayuth, who is still breathing down his neck. Meanwhile, Like some gurus and scholars, I believe that the Progressive Party may surprise the landslide itself, with more than a hundred MPs, not a landslide, only for the Pheu Thai Party in practice. Therefore, it is undeniable that the competition in the tee of the 2 current opposition parties analyzed: Prajak Mawongsa
Deputy Secretary of the PPP reports "genius" bulging knot carrying money bag Inspector Sua|The deputy secretary-general of the PPP brought evidence to the Phahonyothin police station to prosecute the "genius" defamation case after allegedly involving the 6 million baht that Inspector Sua handed over to Mr. Chuvit, confirming that he had nothing to do with the 6 million baht today (March 28, 2023). Maj. Gen. Ekrak Limsangkas Deputy Secretary-General of the Anti-Money Laundering Board Bring evidence to report to the investigating officer of Phaholyothin police station to prosecute Mr. Prodigy Ruangrattanapong. President of the Crime Victims Support Club. He was charged with defamation by means of advertising and an offence under the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA), after which Mr. Prodigy alluded to and accused himself of being involved in the handing over of 6 million baht of Inspector Sua to Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit and showing a photograph of himself. He publicly disclosed to the Suppression Division, including accusing his wife of getting money from online gambling sites, which the wife made an honest career. The accusation resulted in damage to myself, my family and the Office of the OIC, and the incident occurred before I took office. Deputy Secretary of the PPP read more news "Lawyer Tam" linked 6 million baht - submitted evidence to investigate the money route "Chuvit" Pol. Maj. Gen. Ekrak but admitted that he was the one who introduced the owner of the casino and the police rank Pol. Gen. to know each other. Serves only introduction, photo section together with the person who the officer Believed to be related to online gambling website offences. Pol Maj Gen Ekrak explained that the person who asked for the photo was a picture of his friend's son, who is a local politician in Ang Thong province, on the day of the incident on March 14. Maj. Gen. Ekrak is preparing to gather evidence to prosecute another Mr. Sithra Biabangborn. He later alluded to damage by seeing that the media should be careful to damage others as part of the concern. If you are going to examine your own financial journey, even though you are in the position of Deputy Secretary-General of the PPP. I insist you don't have to worry because you don't have the authority to investigate and only be responsible for strategic or training. 2 generals charged with 6 million baht to "Chuvit", "Chuvit" to "Lawyer Tam" Identify 6 million cash exchanges to stop unfolding, donate all and check donations of 6 million linked to online gambling - money laundering liabilities
"Thanakorn" Yan has no problem "Gen. Prayuth" does not join the party list of the RTTC|Today (March 28, 2023) "Thanakorn" Responding to media questions at the State House after Gen Prayuth's name was not found on the party list, he remained the prime minister's candidate. Today (28 Mar 2023) Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana, Minister in the Prime Minister's Office As Chairman of the Southern Strategy, Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTTC) Answering press questions after Anonymous Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha on the 100-member list of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. You don't make the list, it's no problem. Everything went ahead, and you were the main force of the party. Uniting Thailand to build a nation is Gen. Prayuth, as before, Mr. Thanakorn also stated that he did not list it, there was no problem. Everything went ahead, and you were the main force of the party. Uniting Thailand to build the nation is Gen. Prayuth as before, including from the field with the candidates and important party policies. Brothers and sisters of the people responded. And from the announcement as a candidate for prime minister, I think that the current trend of Gen. Prayuth continues to increase. In some areas, it may be ranked 2-3, which is fine, but the overall criteria are in line with the strategy that has been laid out, Mr. Thanakorn also responded to a reporter's question about whether the Prime Minister needs to come from MPs, stating that I think there is no need. Today, people choose the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation because Gen Prayuth, the policies and work that has always been done for the people, the reporter also asked whether the ranking of party-list MPs depends on the big house. Mr. Thanakorn replied that the ranking depends on the party's executive committee and not on the big house. Small house, which depends on knowledge, ability, suitability, with many elements and is discussed by all according to the party's resolution. Will the proposed 2 candidates confuse the public? Mr. Thanakorn "There is no confusion because other parties have proposed three candidates for prime minister, which will make the party even more powerful. Mr. Peeraphan Salirathviphak, the leader of the party, is senior and has long experience in politics. He has always been a lawyer and a lawyer can help people and help the party, especially unfair laws. 
Nida Pol to the PDR Don't forget to put the name "Prawit", but people are addicted to health.|Nida Pol to the PDR Do not forget to put the name "Gen. Prawit" to survey the people of the city who want to be the Prime Minister lean people looking suitable to sit Prime Minister reconciliation but addicted to health issues Pointing to Thailand - a long way Rivals in the Bangkok stadium While the RTTC interferes, but the NCPO has to fight hard. Less likely today (28 Mar 2023) Mr. Suwicha Paoaree The director of the Nida Poll Center, in an interview with Thai PBS, confirmed that in a recent poll of Bangkok residents who want to be prime minister, the name was added. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan On poll paper If the public chooses, it will specify it, but if it does not, it will not specify the part. Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn, Deputy Head of the Power Pracharath Party Talking about forgetting or not paying is likely due to Mr. Chaiwut's stress, which causes prejudice and sees it as normal for people who do not come out to rant. It acknowledges that opinion polls are suggestive but not many, untitled. Gen Prawit topped that ranking, Mr. Suwicha said that it is not because people do not trust the idea of transcending conflict because, as far as I have talked to many people, I think Gen Prawit is a truly reconciliation prime minister who can get along with all parties. Accuracy of 80-90%, especially in the Bangkok area, rarely missed, especially in the Bangkok governor election 2 times that have been polled, found that Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan will get more than 50% of the vote, which is close, or Mr. Sakonthee Pattiyakul will get 6%, but actually get 8%, which is the source that in the latter period to steal votes from Pol. Gen. Knight Kwan Muang Manai Suwicha. He said the opponent in the Bangkok election field is a step forward and for Thailand and has included Thailand to build the nation in at least 2-6 districts, while the Democratic Party will have to fight hard because of the votes that have been removed from other party's districts and the chances of flipping in the Bangkok area are quite difficult. In addition to a new discourse that will draw votes from the top party, which is likely to win 5-9 seats for Thailand about 20 seats. There is very little chance because the score was poured over to unite Thailand, build a nation, related news. : Who is the favorite? "Nida Poll" reveals the results of the poll of which party the people of Bangkok choose.
Bangkok Green Light 16 Location of Election Speech Stage 66|Governor of Bangkok signs Bangkok Declaration 16 locations open to zonal candidates or political parties Set up a campaign speech The guidelines must be followed. Today (28 Mar 2023) Reporters reported that Bangkok Governor Chatchachart Sittiphan signed off on the Bangkok Declaration. Determining the venue for the speech of the candidate for the House of Representatives. on 29 Mar 2023 He stated that in order to support the general election, Bangkok has set up a venue for campaign speeches. and for political parties, 16 of which are as follows: 1. City Hall 2. Chatuchak Park 3. Wachirabenjatas Park (Railway Park) Chatuchak District 4. Benjasiri Park Klongtoey District 5. Lumpini Park Pathumwan District 6. Serithai Park, Buengkum District 7. Phra Nakhon Park, Lat Krabang District 8. Prawet Park 9. Ramintra Sports Park Bangkhen 10. Park in front of the Mall Bangkae, Bangkae11. King Taksin the Great Monument (Wongwian Yai), Thonburi 12. Park under Rama 8 Bridge, Bang Phlat 13. Rama 8 Park, Bangplad 14. Commemoration Sports Center Thung Khru District 15. Bangkok Arena Nong Chok District 16. Other places as deemed appropriate by the head of the agency responsible for the premises. Bangkok has set rules for requesting the use of the venue as a speech platform. Zonal MPs or political parties to submit candidates must submit a petition to the head of the agency responsible for the place. The applicant must prepare his own materials, equipment and platform for the speech, which Bangkok will facilitate in terms of the venue, and if there is any damage in the use of the venue, the person responsible for the speech will be responsible for all damages caused.
March 30 Supreme Administrative Court to hear the case Electoral division is wrong.|The Supreme Administrative Court is scheduled to hear the case on March 30. The SAT announced the delimitation of electoral districts in 4 cases in a row, including Bangkok-Sukhothai-Sakon Nakhon today (March 28, 2023), reporters reported on March 30. The Supreme Administrative Court held hearings in 3 cases where the petitioner sought to revoke the notice. The Electoral Commission on the form of constituencies that constitute the constituency dated March 16, 2023. The deputy leader of the Pattanaklao Party filed a lawsuit saying that the announcement of such constituencies was specifically related to Bangkok. Only sub-districts without districts or main districts were merged into new constituencies despite the 2018 Election of MPs Act B.E. 2561, Section 27 (1) stipulates zoning criteria to "include districts as constituencies". A candidate for Sukhothai MP on behalf of the Democratic Party sued that the announcement of the zoning of the SEC was unlawful because of the demarcation of electoral districts. Form 1 is to merge sub-districts to designate them as constituencies without adhering to the criteria for merging districts into electoral districts according to the criteria stipulated by the Election Act on MPs 2561, Section 27. As a result, it is unfair to the candidates and affects the rights of the people, creates confusion in the exercise of voting rights, and affects the number of people who use to vote in the 3rd case. It does not listen to the opinions of the general public, including the opinions of the prosecution, which is more appropriate. Such patterns imply unlawful ways. Not strictly adhering to the spirit of the Constitution and related laws is an unlawful exercise of discretion. It is clearly unfair to the candidate for Sukhothai Congress. Therefore, the said announcement is unlawful and the 4th case is the case of Mr. Pattana Sapso. The candidate for the election as an MP sued for demarcating the constituency. Only related to Sakon Nakhon Not listening to the opinions of the general public, including the opinions of litigants, which is more appropriate. The form in which the SEC has resolved is implied in an unlawful way. Not strictly adhering to the spirit of the Constitution and related laws, it is an unlawful exercise of discretion, and therefore such notification is unlawful.
"Pitha" stands one. Candidate for President of the Progressive Party|"Pitha" insists the Progressive Party has only one prime ministerial candidate and adheres to the principle that the candidacy must be on the party list today (March 28, 2023). Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the Progressive Party said in an interview that the Progressive Party has Mr. Pitha as the only candidate for Prime Minister. The party also adheres to the principle that candidates for MPs must be candidates on the list or party list. This is in accordance with the principles that have been fought since May 1992 and are contained in the 1997 constitution, and the results of various polls have improved in both Bangkok and Songkhla. Mr. Pitha stated that in order to feed the flow to other areas. The party must assure the people of the area that problems that old politicians have never done or do not think to do will be solved. If you choose to step further into the Government House. In order to act as the executive branch, the party tried to make a difference by holding that the work of the long way is honest with the people, dare to think, dare to do to solve problems such as PM 2.5, endless transportation, and waste management problems as of last evening. The leader of the far-flung party is still on the ground to help as far as the universe goes. Lim Painter, former MP and prospective candidate Thonburi District (except Wat Kanlaya, Hiranruchi and Bang Yirua) Khlong San Rat Burana (Bangpakok only) At the wealthy rabbit market. Tha Phra Mr. Pitha said that although the division of constituencies by the Election Commission (SEC) last time caused confusion, resulting in former MPs or prospective MPs being placed in new areas that had never run before, the party had already planned ahead to deal with this problem by sending a team to the area at the same time. This makes it not troubling the problem of campaigning in the area that the candidate The main policy that the Chu Party is campaigning for the people of Thonburi is the problem of residents of various condos in this neighborhood, which are many. This includes EIA, large-scale projects in the area, based on the concept of "good area, outstanding council", which the Chu Party has always had, as well as the progressive liquor policy that Mr. Equal Bhiphop Former MPs and prospective candidates are the main pushers. 
Arrested 2 prospective NDP candidates involved in examination fraud Policeman.|Police Suppression Division arrested 2 prospective PDP MP candidates and stepped forward After the investigation found links to the corruption movement, the police superintendent. 
Today (28 Mar 2023) Reporters reported that earlier this morning, Police Suppression Division Deployed forces to search 18 targeted areas across the country, expanding the results of corruption cases in the police recruitment examination. The goal is to track down the accused under the arrest warrant for the offense of "maliciously and taking away documents in a way that is likely to cause damage to others or the public. A total of 18 arrest warrants were issued to arrest 15 suspects, 2 of whom were MPs. One person who was found to have been charged with corruption in the police chief examination once in 2012 before being acquitted in 2016. The other MP is the party's candidate for the next step. Mahasarakham province for this operation due to the expansion of the case of corruption in the police recruitment examination of the director line, which was led by Maj. Gen. Prasert Siripannapirat Deputy Commissioner with Maj. Gen. Uthen Nuipin Deputy Chief of Police Por Por 6 at that time assisted the government. The complainant complained to the Suppression Bureau investigator. On December 26th,
"Proud Thai" confident in the cost of "Bio-Food-Hemp for Health" pushes Thailand to become a "Healthy City"|Economic Team Proud Thai Party showcases vision to drive Thai industry Trust in the "Bio-Food-Hemp for Health" industry Make Thailand a "Health City" Become a powerful soft power Yesterday (28 Mar 2023) Miss PADAT WORAKANON Candidates for the House of Representatives, Bangkok Proud Thai Party Opening the vision of driving the Thai industrial sector by stating that the Proud Thai Party will focus on talking about practical things and quick results by taking what the country already has and bringing it forward to drive by leaps and bounds. Then develop from what is already costly to strengthen self-reliance. The lessons learned from COVID have made us realize that no matter how big the industry is, it can be defeated. Without health security to be self-reliant, Thailand can survive COVID-19. Because of the promotion of herbs within the country, such as blue thieves, white krachai and others, as well as having a strong public health system through the NHS and MCO, we must continue to strengthen this potential. When strengthened from within, it will attract foreigners to invest in the bioindustry, i.e. industries that use biotechnology in production, such as chemicals. Food Man Animal feed, medicines, packaging, which the Ministry of Industry has initiated to promote. There is already a plan, so whoever becomes the government can continue, but this new government must be sincere in helping to push Thailand to be the leader. This will lead to development in the agricultural sector. Linked to the ongoing industrial sector This creates less concentrated jobs and also generates income that is distributed locally. And this is the creation of political sovereignty and way sovereignty. The true economy is the basis for the most natural decentralization, Ms. Bhadat said, adding that the next industry that should be strongly promoted is the food industry. Thai food is as delicious as any nation in the world. Thai food ranks among the most popular foods in the world. The highlight of Thai food is its charm, but the challenge is how to maintain its charm, uniqueness and authentic Thai taste. For example, if we can make chili paste in the kitchens of every home in the world. It's a huge market opening. This is something we have at a cost, and the private sector can develop on its own, and the state reinforces it by helping to promote raw materials, help build brands. Help create packaging designs This is what the new government should be trying to do." The idea of the Proud Thai Party is to create a new economy that will connect the agricultural sector with the medical sector, that is, to promote the production and consumption of herbs. Let me give you an example of cannabis herb, which is still very pure on the market. We can be the world's leading health cannabis products. Emphasize that for health, if the government promotes it properly. production Marketing believes that the private sector can expand without limits. Proud Thai will transform Thailand into a "City of Herbs" as a very powerful soft power, Ms. Bhadat said, "Currently, we have many strong private sectors in this field, such as Abhayabhubesorn. Sometimes crises create opportunities. During COVID Abhayabhubesorn's herb is so popular that it lacks the issue of how we can help create value for other products, including the public and private sectors. The government must be the one to promote growth by leaps and bounds, Ms. Bhadat said, adding that all the industries mentioned today are the future of Thailand that should be driven and strongly supported by the new government after this election. Proud Thai Party Focus on how you think, pick up what you have and dress up to stand out. Create more value before selling it to the global market for the same thing. It appears in the way the Proud Thai Party works. We have been known as the Action Party for the past 4 years with 3 ministries that the Proud Thai Party oversees public health. Therefore, I want everyone to be assured that the next vision that the Proud Thai Party has laid out for Thailand. In this election, it will also be true in the next four years.
"Thailand builds Thailand" aiming to push tattoo industry in hopes of generating income into the country|"Narutchai" reveals that tattoo artists earn an average of 100,000 baht per month. Total industry value 10,000 million baht confident The tattoo industry encourages further development and generates money into the country. More than 100,000 tattoo parlors nationwide, but less than half of them have licenses. Let's hasten to solve today (29 March 2023). Mr. Narutchai Bunnak, MP candidate for Yannawa district, Bang Kho Laem, Bangkok, Thai Sang Thai Party, said that from his recent push for the tattoo industry to generate money into the country. According to a group of tattoo shop operators, there are currently more than 100,000 tattoo parlors nationwide, but less than half of them are legally licensed. Most of them are medium and large stores. Most small shops or tattoo artists without brick-and-mortar shops do not have a license. Therefore, I would like to help drive tattoo parlors nationwide to have licenses. In order to set the standard, it will help build confidence for customers, including foreign tourists. To support the growth that can be developed a lot more, Mr. Narutchai said that from the information he received, It was also found that experienced tattoo artists earn very high, averaging 5,000-30,000 baht per day or about 150,000 baht per month. For tattoo artists with less experience, the average income is 3,000 baht per day or 90,000 baht per month. Depending on the type and size, it can be seen that it is a very high-paying profession. If developed in the right way, it will add value to tattoo shop operators nationwide and generate money into the country. By encouraging foreign tourists to come to tattoo service, I see an opportunity that can push this forward. Unfortunately, there is no agency that has collected insights to be able to analyze and develop further, such as how much is the value of tattoos nationwide per year, but as much as I take the income of tattoo artists per person, which averages 100,000 baht per month, to calculate with the number of tattoo shops nationwide more than 100,000 million, I can see the value of the tattoo industry that reaches 10,000 million baht. Therefore, it is considered that the tattoo industry should promote further development to increase income for the people, including the government will be able to collect more money into the country.
Do not flip the dart "Anutin-Saksiam" sitting party list number 1-2 Proud Thai|"Anutin" sits party-list MP No. 1 "Saksiam" No. 2 to position district MPs with more than 90% progress Reveals that the party-list MPs stand out - many famous "Chanmtida-Supachai-Puttipong-San-Attha-Supol-Pinyo-Songsak-Suchat" today (March 29, 2023) 10.00 a.m. at Proud Thai Party Mr. Supachai Jaissamut, former MP List The Registrar of the Proud Thai Party announced the preparation of primaries to vote for candidates. MPs of the party in the elections, both district system MPs and list system MPs, said that in terms of the list of candidates, All 400 constituency MPs have now run over 100,000 seats. 90%The next steps will be submitted to the Nomination Committee for consideration and then finalized and forwarded to the Party Executive Committee. No later than March 31. The list of candidates is now List of MPs of the party The number 1 is Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, the leader of the party, and the 2nd is Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. Party General Secretary The remaining 98 used a alphabetical sort format. After this, it will be submitted to the Nomination Committee and the Party Executive Committee respectively to consider sorting the candidates from number 3 to 100, which must be completed before April 3. Proud Thai Party MPs will submit their candidacy on April 3, while candidates for the election on the list will be on April 4 at the Bangkok Room. Airawattana Building, Bangkok City Hall Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, will lead the team to apply by himself and draw a lottery of candidate numbers, reporters reported. Mr. Supachai Jaisamut Mr. Songsak Thongsri Mr. Puttipong Punnakan Miss Supamas Isornphakdi You build a car, you smell like. Mr. Swap Tribe Pratap Mr. Suchart Chokchaiwatanakorn Mr. Supol Fongam Mr. Ongaj Panyachatharak Miss Anusari Thapsuwan Mr. Aree Krainara Mr. Pinyo Niroj Mr. Najmuddeen Uma Mrs. Nantana Songprapa Mr. Boondamrong Prasert Sopha Miss TRISULI TRISORNANAKUL You can have a glass of victory. Mr. Chalat Ratchakitprakan Mr. Kittichai Engchuan Mr. Pikit Srichana Mr. Marut Masayavanich Miss REWADEE RASAMITAT Mr. Virat Phanumaphol  
Analysis: The Last Proving "Pradit Pattaraprasit"|Small provinces but big people must undoubtedly include Phichit Province.
Previously, there were 3 ministers from the same province. Mr. Paitoon Kaewthong and Mr. Pradit Pattaraprasit elected MPs in 2019, a big deciduous event in Chalawan City. People from large families do not appear on the list of district MPs at all, but they are new faces in all 3 districts, even the Pataraprasit family of the head of state, Mr. Pradit, the former Transport Minister and the former Finance Minister who sent a candidate for the Thai Raksa National Party but was dissolved before the election day. This time, he sought to make excuses for him, he also owned many businesses. Both fruit and vegetable wholesale market in Rangsit area, both Talad Thai and Si Mum Muang market. The owner of Plaza Athenee Hotel, Bangkok, used to share shares in The Mall with the Ampuch family and Liptapallop in 2017. Report of allegations against Mr. Anand Asavapokin Land and House Owner Money laundering and money laundering joint charges After Mr. Supachai Srisupaksorn He used the money from the embezzlement of Klong Chan Credit Union to buy the land and then resell it to Mr. Anan and found that Mr. Pradit was the owner of the land but he denied being the network of Wat Phra Dhammakaya but bought the land from Mr. Anan to block competitors from running a wholesale market for fruits and vegetables in the same area. Still strong in Phichit province, occupying important positions, both the president of Phichit province, there are many MPs under the affiliation, but the opponents in Phichit province are all "veteran game" and "cunning", whether the Pheu Thai Party is led by Mrs. Sunee Luengvijit. Former General Secretary of the Party The Democratic Party is led by 2 fathers and sons. Mr. Paitoon and Mr. Narapat He will also face the deciduous generation of MPs in 2019, which will prove his fight against the faith of the new generation if he fails to solve his hand or loses to the power of the new runner. Mr. Pradit's role may end just by thisAnalysis: Prajak MawongsaThank you photo from Like Anutin page
"Suchat" recalls for Thailand to tease "black ants" order, confident Land slide can form one-party government|For Thailand to welcome "Suchart Tancharoen" Go home cheerful. Tell "black ants" to force "Chon Nan" to sprinkle aromatic drugs confidently with high potential. Pushing Eastern Provinces towards Landslide Targets(29 (March 2023) Pheu Thai Party led by Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Party Leader for Thailand Mr. Prasert Chanthawongthong Secretary-General of the Pheu Thai Party, Mr. Visut Chaiyanarun Chairman of Pheu Thai Party MPs attended a press conference to welcome Mr. Suchart Tancharoen Former 1st Deputy Chairman of the House of Representatives and former Deputy Leader of the Thai Rak Thai Party joined the Pheu Thai Party at Pheu Thai Party, Dr. Chonnan Srikaew. The Pheu Thai Party leader said he welcomed Suchart Tancharoen and his group to the Pheu Thai Party, a political adult who has done an outstanding job. Today, he has decided to join the ideology of working with the Pheu Thai Party to enter into the aim of having a covenant with the people, because the Pheu Thai Party positions itself as a political institution that represents the people. Act with the people to achieve true sovereignty of the people. Under a democratic government with the King as Head of State. In the parliamentary regime, the Pheu Thai Party believed in the power of the people. This election will be an opportunity to change from what it is today. From the seizure of power from the people. Therefore, we are confident that this election of the people will be able to exercise their power to the fullest. What happened in the past will no longer happen. If the Pheu Thai Party wins a landslide vote, we want a landslide and believe that Suchart has potential, including the eastern provinces, should be able to reach the landslide target. Branch representatives and provincial representatives will hold a meeting to present the list of prime ministerial candidates. Before the resolution of the meeting came out, it was clear Mr. Suchart Tancharoen. Pheu Thai Party members said that they would rejoin the Pheu Thai Party today. He was not excited in any way because it was a return to his old home that allowed him to work in politics for more than 10 years. As the former leader of the Thai Rak Thai Party, he was disqualified from politics for 2 terms and struggled for many years until he returned home today. Black Ant - Kachapa Tan Charoen His son worked in politics for himself but Mr. Kachapa. He doesn't want to work in politics and wants his brother to run for the election as an MP, which is in line with the Pheu Thai Party's approach to wanting a new generation to do politics. In modern times, the city has made great progress in IT. He reiterated the reasons for returning to the Thai Party: 1. Black Ant - Kachapa My son wants me to come back to the Pheu Thai Party.2.Mr.Sompong Amornwiwat, former leader of the Pheu Thai Party, wants to come back3.It is the desire of the people. Mr. Suchart said that leaving the same party because he could not follow the 8-9 policies that he campaigned for, which political work should not lie to the people. There are questions from many people about which party he will work with in politics in the past as an MP for 9 times. When people don't want to stay in the same party, they have to go to the Pheu Thai Party, so they honor the people by joining the Pheu Thai Party to come together to create a political institution in the party that is feasible. Be able to lead the formation of the government. If future political factors change, will the party move again? If it is not revolutionary, it will definitely not move, confident that the Pheu Thai Party will be able to form a one-party government. If we don't get robbed of power again, this senator is the last. If not, the senators will return to normal, which they do not believe in the ideas of some senators who say that even if the Pheu Thai Party wins the landslide elections, they will not be able to do so. He will not be able to form a government because from talking with senators, it was found that many people want to see change, just as people have confidence in Pheu Thai Party's prime minister candidate because they have faith and confidence in Pheu Thai Party. prasert a Secretary-General of the Pheu Thai Party said: "The house is big with the same heart. Welcome Mr. Suchart Tancharoen Warmly returning home, reporters reported at this press conference. Dr. Chonnan wore a Pheu Thai Party shirt to Mr. Suchart and received a warm welcome from the management. Party member and Mr. Kachapa Tancharoen Famous ceremonies His son came to congratulate him. Ready to give a bouquet of red roses to support Mr. Suchart who is his father with related news: Analysis: 2 major parties for Thailand - moving forward Scramble for the masses - the base of the voice is in the "Bhumitham" lean "for Thailand". Not shaking hands with the NHS to form a government.
"Thai Pattana" nominates "Warawut" party list No. 1|"Chatthai Pattana" knocked out 89 candidates for the list of MPs, "Warawut" No. 1, "Chatchai" No. 2, submitted zonal forms 26, "Prapat" is confident of getting 7-10 party lists in more than 25 districts today (March 29, 2023) at the Pattana Thai Party. Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives, as Secretary-General of the NHTDA, together with Mr. Registrar of the Democratic Party Statement after the meeting of the party's executive committee To consider the list of candidates for zonal and list-based MPs, the meeting of the party's executive committee chaired by party leader Mr. Warawut Silpa-archa was held. Resolved to send applicants. Zonal MPs in 26 provinces and 50 districts and submitted 89 candidates to the list. More than half of the 25 constituency MPs submitted are eligible to nominate the party leader as a candidate for prime minister. The party has calculated that it will get 1.5-2 million votes, or 7-10 people, but he is confident that the party will reach 2 million votes, reporters reported. The list of 89 MPs in order 1-10 are: 1. Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha 2. Mr. Chatchai Payuhanwichai 3. Mr. Nikorn Chamnong 4. Mrs. Nantaporn Damrongpong 5. Mr. Kanok Wongtarang 6. Mr. Santi Kiranan 7. Mr. Nitiwat Jansawang 8. Miss Tatlak Pattapongpat 9. Miss Suchitra Songmacha and 10. Miss Patcharee Pothasuthon
"Thai National Development" Candidate Tutoring March 31 "Warawut" ready to fight for Suphan|"Warawut" prepares to tutor MPs candidate March 31 Not afraid Many parties stare at Suphan I want to waste all my strength today (March 29, 2023). Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha Minister of Natural Resources and Environment As the head of the Thai Patana Party, he gave an interview after chairing a meeting of the party's executive committee to consider the list of candidates. Zonal MPs and List-based MPs that the Thai Pattana Party has resolved to submit candidates. There are 50 constituency MPs, with the party appointing candidates. MPs should be careful about their words and actions not to break election laws, and if they have any doubts, ask the Election Commission (SEC). On March 31, there will be an orientation for candidates. All the party's MPs asked reporters if there were any concerns about the new zoning. Especially in areas where the party has old MPs such as Suphanburi Nakhon Pathom province with more constituencies. Mr. Warawut said he was not worried. During the 1997 constitution, we used a two-card electoral system and the number of constituencies was similar to this one, and the candidates of MPs in both provinces were familiar with the area when asked if there were many parties vying for MPs seats in Suphan Buri province. Mr. Warawut said, "No problem, all parties are looking for a hand mold as well, but we are aiming for bigger. Anyone who wants to come is welcome If you want to waste all your energy in Suphan Buri, it is not when asked about the principles of preparing the list of candidates. How did the MPs roster this time? Mr. Warawut said that for the ranking, we look at both the area and the potential of the party. The proportion of women and men to achieve gender equality will be seen in the top 10. 40% of women reflect their willingness to move forward together. Leaving no one behind, the reporter asked how he viewed the prime minister's candidacy. Mr. Warawut said it is the right of each party to consider, each party will have different ideas, it is voluntary, there is no law enforcing it. The prime minister's candidacy and the No. 1 list MP candidate were the same person when asked whether to amend the constitution so that the person who becomes prime minister must be elected to be connected with the people. Mr. Warawut said it would not be his duty or any one person, but it would be an echo that would be passed from the people to the Constitution Drafting Council (MPC) mechanism, which is the form that the party wants to push for in amending the constitution. As previously done, read related news"Thai Nation Development" nominated "Warawut" party list No. 1 "Suchat" to return to Thailand confident that Land slide to form a one-party government has analyzed: Proof of the final prestige "Pradit Pattaraprasit"
"Adisak" Withdraw that the congressional candidate went a long way to prove the examination fraud. Policeman. |"Adisak Sombat Kham" withdrew that the candidate of Mahasarakham MP party went a long way, ready to enter the justice system to prove the truth. After being accused in a police recruitment examination fraud case. Date 29 Mar 2023 Mr. Adisak Sombatkham (Sergeanta), former Mahasarakham MP candidate for District 1 of the Progressive Party. A press conference on the case of the accused in the police recruitment examination corruption case yesterday (March 28) and asked for the termination of the role of the candidate to enter the justice system. He stated that he was aware that an officer carrying a warrant had come to his house and asked him to surrender himself to the investigating officer with bail bond, which he did not understand the news that was being presented. Why is there a discrepancy because he was not arrested but surrendered himself and was granted bail to be brought to justice and he has been with the Progressive Party since the days of the New Future Party? And in this election, it's the candidates. The District 1 MP has worked for the party. Bringing the problems of the people of the area to the party MPs stepped forward to speak in the House. Forward to stakeholders to solve the problem. There have been many incidents of bullying harassment. Having been slashed in the neck and seriously injured, today he was prosecuted, who insisted that he was willing to go to justice to prove the truth. When society becomes suspicious He wanted to be comfortable with all parties, both progressive parties and supporters, so he called for his role as a candidate to cease. The MP went a long way to make way for the party to continue recruiting suitable candidates in District 1, Mahasarakram Province, in the meantime, he withdrew to prove the truth and once proven not guilty, he would run again. In the meantime, he will continue to help the party move forward in its election campaign, Adisak said. There are many skepticisms, such as that the case in which he was accused occurred a long time ago. But why has the warrant just been issued on the day of the upcoming launch of local applicants and near the application date? MPs have also contacted to ask to cancel the speech stage in Mahasarakham province where Mr. Thanathorn Rungruangkit The chairman of the Progressive Party and his campaign assistant will give a speech, so he wondered how the prosecution was related to the speech and whether the case was a slander for the Progressive Party. Policeman.
"Seri Pisut" satirized "Prayuth" not on the party list for fear of losing.|"Seri Pisut" confirms that the applicant MPs of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, along with 400 districts nationwide, are ready to satirize "Gen. Prayuth" from running. Partylist MPs for fear of losing the election today (29 March 2023) Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes The head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party campaigned for Ms. Nonthika Krongsap that the candidate for Bangkok MP in Bang Phlat-Bangkok Noi district (except Siriraj district). Meet people around the Naval Welfare Area, Prannok Market, and in the evening, visit Pin Ngern Pin Thong Market and Na Major Market. Pinklao, head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, confirmed that the candidate The party's MPs are available in 400 districts across the country. Even in the past, there have been some difficulties in preparing candidates. Because some candidates have been bought by some parties, this is a flaw in the Constitution that should be corrected by the candidates. List MPs themselves are the No. 1 candidates, who must dare to present themselves as party leaders. The party's MPs and they are not MPs are humiliated, so everything must be ready, and the Seri Ruam Thai Party will send candidates. Congressional roster is reasonable. Not sending all 100 candidates as required by law, the leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party also mentioned the news that some prime ministerial candidates may not run. MPs said other prime ministerial candidates ran for almost all MPs, but some parties may not apply for MPs, such as Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, which self-assessed that Gen Prayut did not run for the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party list because he feared that the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party would not win the election. A number of two-system MPs entered the House of Representatives. Gen. Prayuth floated. If Gen Prayuth were to run for the party's No. 1 list of MPs, he would have But if the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party loses to the Pheu Thai Party that has formed the government. Will Gen Prayuth dare to sit in the House of Representatives as an MP? MPs debate attacks?" Seri Ruam Thai Party leader says read other news not flipping "Anutin-Saksiam" sitting party list number 1-2 Proud Thai "Suchat" recalls for Thailand, confident that Land slide can form a one-party government "Thai Pattana" Tutoring candidate March 31 "Warawut" ready to fight to preserve Suphan
Democrat." Tap the name "Jurin" for the Prime Minister with one name.  |The Democratic Party voted to Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The leader of the party is the prime ministerial candidate of the PDP. Only one list is ready to knock out 400 MPs from District 100 Partylist, while Chalermchai will not run for MP today (March 29, 2023). Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon, Deputy Leader of the Democratic Party (PDP), announced the results of the meeting of the Executive Committee of the National Democratic Party (PDP). To consider the list of candidates for all 400 districts and 100 elections. Partylist MPs say preliminary The party's executive committee has approved all of them. After proceeding with the hearing process following the completion of the primaries-voting process, Mr. Ongaj In other words, the applicant The zonal MPs of the NCPO will go to the places designated by the provincial SAT together on April 3, while the party leader will apply for the election. MPs form a list on April 4 for the ranking of candidates. List-list MP Mr. Ongaj clarified that Mr. Jurin and Mr. Chalermchai Srion. The General Secretary of the Party shall consider the conduct of the Party in the elections. In 2011 and 2019, the roster will be ranked with objectivity and the ranking of the roster will be disclosed after the application is submitted. The SAT is finished. Mr. Chalermchai, General Secretary of the Democratic Party Chalermchai is the Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives and is not an MP and can work to achieve the party's goals and government policies, as well as being able to manage the affairs within the party smoothly.
NHRC-RTSC ignores 66 election campaign code of conduct|36 Political Parties Sign Code of Conduct for Election 2023 Aimed at Creating Transparent and Creative Democracy Take responsibility for the policies that campaign for it. To jointly transition to complete democracy, but no representatives of the Power Pracharath Party and Unite Thailand to Build the Nation signed today (29 March 2023). Representatives from political parties read the Code of Conduct for the 2023 Election of Members of the House of Representatives, led by Mr. Thongchart Rattanawicha. Representative of the Democratic Party as the most senior At the signing ceremony of the Election Campaign Code of Conduct, representatives of political parties signed in alphabetical order, followed by witness Mr. Anusorn Thamjai. The Chairman of the Executive Committee of Pridi Banomyong Institute and the Party for a Democratic Constitution reiterated that the election campaign ethics has been discussed by representatives of political parties and democracy network partners with the common goal of creating a transparent democracy because the 2023 elections are considered very important for the succession of a full democracy. Transition after the 2014 coup and semi-complete democracy during this election There are still concerns that the voice of the people may be meaningless because of the scope of power of the senators to choose the prime minister. He said the signing of the Election Campaign Code of Conduct was a new vision that demonstrated that political parties work together to make elections in line with the mission of The SAT supports the political participation of the people Ms. Pasravali Viboonpol Banking Representatives of the People's Network observing elections He said the 2014 coup was a major hotspot for Thailand's elections and democracy, and that the 2019 elections were controlled by the junta. He reiterated that the Election Observer Network will invite the entire country to volunteer to observe the election to prevent election fraud and ensure that the election is conducted in accordance with international principles. Be mindful of gender sensitivity and diversity, not threaten Creates fear, rejects and does not condone any act that incites hatred and violence or slanders with the idea of others listening to the voice of fame. The use of fake news, deceit, misleading or political advantage to maintain the credibility of political parties. As an important institution by proposing policies that come from the participation of members and the public responsible for the proposed policies, representatives of 36 political parties who signed the Code of Conduct, such as the Progressive Party, For Thai Nation Development, Thailand Build Thailand, and it is noted that no representatives from the Power Pracharat Party and Unite Thailand Build the Nation participated in this signing. Whose line? Go on. Safe Zone (Partylist) Democrat" knocks out "Jurin" for Prime Minister with only one name "Adisak" withdraws that the candidate for Congress has stepped forward to prove the fraud in the police examination.
The DEA hasn't settled yet. Whose line? Keep moving. Safe Zone (Partylist)|It's not settled, but he's still busy. When "stun" Miss Jitpat Kridakorn, Deputy Secretary-General of the Democratic Party, issued a Facebook post. Cut to a heartfelt melody stating, "Anywhere. Even now, no other movement has been seen coming out of the party and the owner of the post is not in the so-called "safe zone" order. The list system is not only with Miss Jitpat, but before "Master Mam", Miss Narumon Pinyosinwat, treasurer of the Power Pracharath Party, made a statement with tears in her eyes asking for a waiver as a party-list MP without anyone coming out to oppose not only Democrats and Pracharath Power who had such problems, but the big parties like Pheu Thai or Ruam Thai Nation Building Party of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha also faced problems that the candidates for both the district system and the party list system were overflowing until they had to move and shake up the list to fit perfectly. There is an assessment that this election may No more than 10 MPs and 5 plus or minus seats are the reason for the use of internal force in the scramble to get the top list while according to the Democratic Party regulations. There is a tradition that the proportion of MPs on the list of 5 must have 1 female candidate. The list of MPs from the current party executive who is open to new party members includes academics, capitalists and politicians. It states that while new arrivals have been requested to submit their candidacy, MPs in the list system, which is considered contrary to party practice. In the past, it was based on seniority and becoming a member of the party and being an MP who helped drive the party's work both in the House and outside the House before. However, if you look at the list of MPs from the list of MPs ranked 1-10 of the party, it will be found that the preliminary rank is as follows: 1. Mr. Churin Laksanavisit 2. Mr. Chuan Leekpai 3. Mr. Kanchan Norm 4. Mr. Niphon Bunyamanee 5. Mrs. Kanlaya Sophonpanich 6. Mr. Narapat Kaewthong 7. Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon 8. Mr. Suchatvee Suwansawat 9. Mr. Issara Sereewattanawut and 10 have a list of 4 female MPs who are in the queue, namely "Madame Deer". Ms. Watanya Bunnag, Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek, Ms. Jitpat Kridakorn and Ms. Mallika Boonmeekul means that in the safe area of female MPs, the roster system has one rank, but there are 4 candidates in this rank, 2 of whom are close to Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit. The leader of the Democratic Party is "Ting" Mallika, while Mr. Niphon Bunyamani, deputy leader of the party and director of the Election Administration Center of the PDP, supported Ms. Watanya, chairman of the Bangkok Political Innovation Working Group. Ms. Jitpat and Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek, former Bangkok MPs who have 1 in 4 nomination lists, are also in the pole supported by Chalermchai Srion, with Chalermchai himself waiving his right to not vote for the district and the list system, although Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon, deputy leader of the Democratic Party, pointed out that the knockers on the list of MPs are only 2, namely "Mr. Churin and Mr. Chalermchai". Moving to another party to gain a place at the top of the list would be difficult, unless the "twine" and the real capital group could move on. 
"Anutin" wades into the campaign to help "Universe" confidently flag the Silk Chair |"Anutin" wades into the campaign to help "Universe" confidently flag the Silk Chair Yan was not attracted to criticizing MPs during Covid while being proud of Thailand. Open list of candidates for the party-list MPs "Anutin" No. 1, "Saksiam" No. 2 to "Song" Chanmtida Aswame No. 5 as daughter.

Whether Saimai will survive is a question that arises after the launch of the Proud Thai Party. Mr. Ekapop Luengprasert The founder of Silk Road Page must survive. Today (29 Mar 2023) Party leader Anutin Charnvirakul took the stage to ask for votes for Sai Mai people at Rittiyawanalai 2 School auditorium. Public health, society, economy, even in the past, social media trends. In case the Silk Road Page must survive, he has criticized the work of the Ministry of Public Health during COVID-19. Mr. Anutin reiterated that there was no need to clear his mind with Mr. Universe and reiterated that it took a long time for Mr. Universe to decide to join the party. Before being willing to be a weak candidate for the party in Sai Mai District, Mr. Universe is not afraid of the drama that occurred after launching his work with the Proud Party. Former party affiliation like Thai Sang Thai already has candidates, and big parties with good current, such as the Pheu Thai Party, already have a lot of candidates as well, and who decided to choose Proud Thai Party because they want to be Sai Mai District MPs and work to solve problems for 200,000 Sai Mai people to have a better quality of life. Because Sai Mai Page must survive, it can only solve problems downstream, but they want to help cover all groups. The law must also be amended. I am sure that Proud Thai can flag the Silk Road. Although the people see the Silk Road district as a battle among themselves, Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul revealed the first 5 party list sequences of the party: 1 Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, the leader of the party, 2 Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. Party Secretary-General, 3 Mr. Songsak Thongsri, 4 groups of Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakan, whose identity has not yet been identified, and 5 Ms. Chanmtida Aswame (Nong Song) by Mr. Anutin. Stated that it must be number 5 because it is the daughter of Mr. Puttipong Punkan. The head of the Bangkok Proud Thai Party said before the speech in Saimai district that he personally was not happy with Mr. Chuvit's move because it was good to investigate all matters. Mr. Chuvit did his job, and all the people did their job, but the investigation must accept that the public cannot decide who is right and who is wrong. Therefore, it can be sent to the inspection agency, but to point out that this person is wrong would be wrong. Because it may not be his duty as a citizen, Mr. Puttipong said that as for the issue of cannabis that is being discussed, people may need some explanation, which I personally see that Proud Thai is the party that pushes the law to take care of marijuana, obviously we do not support free marijuana, which I personally do not agree with, but the party supports the law to enter parliament to have a law to regulate it. Today, we do not have a law to regulate it seriously, but in medicine, I believe that many of you are using it today. If not unlocked, medical use will be guilty. Related News Don't flip the dart "Anutin-Saksiam" sitting party list number 1-2 Proud Thai  
"Yongyut" believes Thaksin will swallow blood if he returns to Thailand at risk of unrest.|In addition to "transcending conflict", reconciliation and compromise between political parties are factors that the leader of the National Party "Yongyut Tiyapairath" reiterates to be aware of. Indicates Thaksin willing to swallow blood if he returns to Thailand People may lie in front of the prison after participating in a forum on "The Future of Thai Buddhism". Mr. Yongyut Tiyapairath, an advisor to the Pheu Nation Party, said the party's political position is democratic and he does not believe that Pheu Thai will open a political deal with the power of the state. Forming a government after the election, Yongyut also noted that Thaksin Shinawatra's return to Thailand could lead to changes that risk civil unrest. Understanding husbandhood Understand your fatherhood and understand Thainess. Mr. Thaksin said he couldn't accept injustice. As times change, Today, even if justice is not served, blood must be swallowed for others", the villagers chose to hope that this group will become the government. This is a big problem. I gave up once last time, but this time I'm going to give up again, will there be a problem? Story 2: Prime Minister Thaksin returns home You've got people with you. The airport is full of people getting off the plane. Put him in jail, people go to jail, but if the government says a coup d'état changes the country, Don't let Thaksin in. The country is not peaceful. These are matters that need to be prepared for peace in the country", while Pheu Thai Party leaders, including party leaders, deputy party leaders, and party secretary-generals, welcomed Suchart Tancharoen, who had come to join the party, and announced the launch of his political career with the Pheu Thai Party again after more than 10 years of political space with this house. I don't think I'm going anywhere else.
"Chalermchai"  Post boiling Ready to support people working for the nation "Do not welcome people who betray their allies" |"Chalermchai", Party Secretary The NCPO posted a furious Facebook post reiterating that it is sincere and honest and supports people working for the nation "not to take back people, betray their allies" today (March 30, 2023). mr. chalermchai abbasi Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives and Secretary of the Democratic Party I posted a message on Facebook that was quite politically hot, stating that country people like me Dating someone is never an option. It's just "sincere." Who did what? Who came in for what? I can see it. ...not stupid with brother and sister and friends. I'm sincere. If you want to insult or blame, I'm honest, I don't leave anyone to tell me, and I don't talk on air, because everyone can be wrong. If it's obvious to each other, Be honest with each other. I always give my "sincerity" back to my brothers and sisters in the party. Brothers and sisters in the ministry or brothers and sisters around who work together. But everyone who works with me is "sincere," "serious," and "honest" with each other, and this is how fortunate I am, the team I work with are brothers... family... Working together to develop the country, to take care of my Thai brothers and sisters who are on my side. Rest assured, I'm ready to "support." Always if what is done is socially beneficial. To any nation that strikes from unconsciously, I wish you well... and never come back. I don't welcome "renegades." 
Analysis: Prime Minister Kai "Kitti Paopiemsap" direct line Minister Heng|Went to inspect the government at the city of Eight Riew Chachoengsao of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha and his team. On Friday (March 10), both went to pray for Buddha Sothon. Eight Stripes of Buddhist monks worship the abbot. He also met young businessmen and local villagers in one of the 2019 MPs affiliated with the Power Pracharath Party. But next time it is clear that he will move to the Thai National Building Party, namely Mr. Chaiwat Paopiemsap. Son and political heir to Prime Minister Kai Mr. Kitti Paopiemsap to welcome and take care of not far away, even if it is only First-term MP, but Mr. Chaiwat or Toi Eight streaks are extraordinary. He is a former local politician, owner of a boxing gym "Sor Toi Eight Riew", a former promoter of Rajadamnern boxing, and has been charged with assault by punching him in the face. In 2021, his political performance was one of the heads of the tooth-piercing group, leading a team to criticize and sack Mr. Somkid Jatusripitak. leaving the Cabinet citing inactivity. Mr. Somkid and the Group of 4 Kumar also fell from their chairs in both the Pracharath Power Party and the Cabinet, while the father "Prime Minister Kai" was even more extraordinary in a squared way. In addition to having ties with 2 big houses of the city of eight stripes, the Shinesang family of Mr. Chaturon and the Tancharoen family of Mr. Suchart on the national political path, at the same time, Prime Minister Kai has grown steadily as a local politician, both the president of the province where he sits and the MPs of many districts that are not only affiliated with the big house "Tancharoen". Now, Prime Minister Kai has made it clear that he should be walking a different path. After "S.J. Piak" Mr. want to Rodpitak Deputy Prime Minister of Chachoengsao Province filed criminal charges against Mr. Suchart for assault The case of "Kek Kraban" showed power at a funeral in Sanam Chaikhet district until it became a big news rage. While Mr. Suchart claimed that it was only a greeting as a benefactor, in addition to Sgt. Peak being the deputy prime minister of Prime Minister Kai, on the day of Sgt. Peak, there was a group of more than 60 local politicians to cheer. Chachoengsao MPs affiliated with Kitti's new Eight Streak Group in the next election are likely to see Mr. Chaiwat not running. The MP for District 2 implies that Prime Minister Kai, a representative of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, asked for space to be given in return for the merits of former Transport Minister Itthi Sirilattayakorn as a benefactor. "Big House" intercepts "New House" team Analysis: Prajak Mawongsa
"Dr. Worong" campaigning in Phitsanulok province to support the NHC to be the Prime Minister to fight monopoly capital |"Dr. Warong" campaigning for Phitsanulok I ask the people to support me as Prime Minister and ready to enter the House of Assembly to fight monopoly capital. Aiming to push policies to reduce the burden of living for the people. Fight Monopoly Capital Yesterday (29 Mar 2023) DR. WORONG DEJKITVIKROM Leader of Thai Phakdi Party, Phitsanulok Province Open Speech After the hearing, the primaries voted. Constituency No. 1 today (March 29), stating that this reunion came as a candidate for Prime Minister who understands the troubles. The cost of living burden and there is a way out to push forward the electricity policy. LPG Cheap urea fertilizer to pay off farmers' debt within 3 years Dr. Vorong said that the solution for farmers to change is to divide the farmland to grow Napier energy crops to generate electricity for households at a price of 2.50 baht per unit. The government guarantees profits of 10,000-14,000 rai per rai per year, which will lead to debt relief for farmers within 3 years. It's time for the people to come out and help the Thai Phakdi Party. Booth Day I used my heart to decide that I would help Dr. Wong get to Congress to push policies to achieve the desired outcome. The power to fight monopoly capital is no greater power than the power of the people.   
The Administrative Court ruled the Department of Lands neglected to perform its duties.|The Central Administrative Court ruled that the Land Department neglected to perform its duties. The case filed by the Railway against the Department of Lands and the Director General of the Department of Lands over the document of title to overlap the land of the Railway. At Khao Kradong Intersection, Buriram Province today (30 March 2023) The Central Administrative Court reads the verdict in the case at the State Railway of Thailand. Filed a lawsuit against the Department of Lands and the Director-General of the Department of Lands in case of overlapping rights documents of the railway at Khao Kradong junction in Buriram province, Mr. Chayawut Chanthorn, director-general of the Department of Lands, said today that the court ruled that the Department of Lands neglected to perform its duties. Failure to set up an inquiry committee under Section 61 of the Land Code and dismiss the case against the Railways Calling for civil damages, the Director-General of the Land Department said that he respected the court's ruling, admitting that the Railway had never submitted for a land zoning examination and that the court had ordered both the Railway and the Land Department to set up a joint committee to provide clarity tomorrow. (31 Mar 2023) A committee meeting of the Department of Lands will be called to see whether to appeal or not, and a committee will be set up to investigate the case, which will be chaired by the Inspector General of the Department of Lands. The project is expected to be completed within 60 days, the Director-General of the Land Department confirmed that action will be taken if it is found to be an illegal issuance of documents. Due to the past, the alignment zone involved many agencies. If an officer is found to have deliberately committed corruption, criminal charges will be filed against the previous case. The Land Department does not set up a committee under Section 61 because the title deed document can be executed by jurisprudence. The land officer will list the freeze in the directory of each plot of land as being in the process of setting up an investigation committee, which if there is a transaction, the buyer will be notified. As a result, some buyers do not dare to take out a mortgage on the land, except in some cases where they can take risks. In addition, 95 percent of the land of the Land Department where the committee was set up has been revoked. It must also be considered whether it will affect the people or not for the case of the mast. Previously, a committee was set up and instructed air officers of the Land Department to look at maps, including rail lines and maps at the railway. Presented to the court in 1996, discrepancies were found at some point. After this, when a joint investigation committee is established. It is expected to be clear because in the past, the railway refused to submit the examination at all.
Analysis: The battle for the ranks of MPs for the party list|The first political party to reflect the problems and disagreements of MPs on the list was the Pracharath Power Party. When former Labour Minister Narumon Pinyosinwat couldn't give up. The party's list of MPs gave way to the younger generation, but it turned out that their replacement, including the top 20 party lists, was filled with veteran politicians. Not to mention the "line boys" who are late to it, until 7 others withdraw from the candidacy. And some asked to switch ranks among themselves, even though the beginning of having MPs on the first list system according to the 2023 constitution to open the way for good and talented people to have knowledge and ability, but they could not fight in the electoral field because they faced professional electors with both prestige and cunning experience. Partylist MPs, on the other hand, are the accounts of the party capital, a space of seniors that opens the way for heirs to descend. Then he moved up to the party list as well as being a negotiating area to pull MPs from other political parties to move camps to join the party. It is clear that the current list of MPs is a business area seeking benefits. If you hope to be named as a candidate. The party's MPs need to spend at least 10 million baht to guide those who pay more to get a better ranking, and if they want to go further, hoping to become ministers, advisors, political positions or state enterprise boards, they have to add to the cascading order of other political parties, even the major political parties such as the Pheu Thai Party, the Step Forward Party and the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, which are the three major parties from the polls that have come out. As a result, the top 11 political parties that are currently campaigning, some may have more than 20 members, but medium and small parties, safe zones or safe zones, may not reach the top 10. Some parties may only be in the top 5 or less. In the case of the Democratic Party, the inner circle of the party assessed the safe areas in the top 10 plus or minus no more than 5 people, coupled with the party's rules and culture that support the role of women to men in the ratio of 4 to 1 people. The Education Minister, who is more senior than other women in the party, may already be in a safe zone, but in the top 10 left to only one woman, there will be a battle for 4 people, including Jitpat Kridakorn, Mallika Mahasuk, Watanya Bunnag and Ratchada Thanadirek. Depending on the back-up and political role in recent times, it is clear that the order of partylist MPs is really very important.
"Ratchada" post questioning party list ranking Female MPs in the party|"Ratchada" The Democratic Party's governing body posted on Facebook questioning the ranking of the party list, especially the group of female MPs in the party, who are in conflict with the ranking, which is still irrational today (March 30, 2023). MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Member of the Executive Committee of the Democratic Party A Facebook post with the message Let's take this opportunity to get people to pay attention to the ranking of candidate lists. Congresswoman Democratic Party Let's take a closer look at not just who's in which number. Who can clearly see that the Democratic Party is a political party with a large number of women in politics, who have experience in the House of Representatives, and expertise in various fields to represent the people? It is a mouthpiece that reflects diverse perspectives and pushes forward policies that create sustainable development, which is a quality that people can be confident that we are not playing. It is not just an ornamental plant, but we are serious and practical, politically it is not just a space for men, but for people of all genders and ages, who come from many walks of life. The Democratic Party encourages women to participate in politics and wants to serve in the House because we are confident in women's potential to serve in the House of Representatives. It reinforces men's perspectives and experiences, but also in the previous period. Very few women entered politics. Determination of female-male proportion or quota for women in application List of MPs is therefore necessary. For every 5 people, there must be 1 woman, and Democratic Party was the first Thai political party to push for this. More and more women are entering politics. The results are evident, so it's not just that women have to be at 5th, 10th, 15th, etc. Therefore, it must be reiterated that the "quota" is a requirement that "at least one woman in every 5 persons" be considered appropriately and apply the same criteria for both men and women. He also stated that for the results of the ranking, there will be people who are disappointed, both men and women, which will surely happen to all parties. Not just with Democrats or just with women. When each roster sequence There can be only one person, but most importantly, every decision must answer to the stakeholders how the sequence came about. Deputy spokesperson of the Democratic Party revealed that on March 28, 2023, Mrs. Hongsarat Purisitseeh, a former candidate for the Democratic Party in District 4, Pathum Thani Province, in 2019, joined the Democratic Party. Dr. Kanlaya Sophonpanich Party executive representatives welcomed by Mrs. Hongsarat He stated that he was interested in becoming a member of the Democratic Party because of his faith in him. Dr. Khunying Kanlaya, the deputy leader of the party, who is a quality female politician who has played a prominent role at the national and international level, both as the Deputy Minister of Education and his past work, also appreciated the political institution of the party that provides equal opportunities for all members. Party decisions are final, not from any one person or a few people. Therefore, he decided to apply for party membership to help the party according to his ability and suitability. : Analysis: The battle for the ranks of MPs on the NCP list is still irrational. Whose line? Have a move on. Safe Zone (Partylist)
"Suwat" proposes that the NCPO sector be present at every stage of the state bidding.|"Suwat" proposes a people pool for representatives of the public sector to participate in every state auction process. Hope to solve corruption problem today (30 March 2023) Mr. Suwat Liptapallop Chairman of the Pattanaklao Party spoke at a panel discussion on "Vision for Driving the Thai Industrial Sector" by 9 political parties organized by the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI) on the topic of tackling corruption. It states that people should be involved from upstream to downstream. Corruption comes mostly from bidding, but the taxpayer public is not involved in any way. Therefore, we would like the public to participate in every step by having at least 1 person in the committee of each step, while approving various procedures must have a One Stop Service to create transparency, speed and give confidence to foreign investors who do not know the mechanism in the country. Phitsanulok province campaign to support the Prime Minister to fight monopoly capital "Chalermchai" Post boiling Ready to support people working for the nation "Not welcome, betrayal of allies" 
"Pravit" Open candidate for Congressional District Adopt the policy of "3 urgent, 8 urgent"|"The President." Open 400 candidates District and 92 party-list MPs "3 Urgent, 8 Accelerated" Policy At 2.30 p.m. on March 30, the Power Pracharath Party (PDP) held a launch event for candidates. 400 district MPs and 92 candidates for the list of MPs. Led by Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister as the leader of the PDP and the party executive committee. Mr. Santi Prompat, General Secretary of the Party Mr. Virat Rattanaseth, Deputy Chief of Mr. Sakonthee Pattiyakul and regional leaders joined the event in unison, reporters reported. The authorities have opened the prospective candidate. MPs registered and received a manual explaining the process of preparing candidates and prohibitions on campaigning, while the atmosphere at the event showed a video of Gen Prawit's field trip in a speech to help the party's candidates to have supporters coming from all regions and in Bangkok fill up the amphitheater capacity. MPs from each region greeted and took photos with supporters holding banners cheering for the candidates. actress, actress, beauty queen Models and influencers from various professions attended the hearing on the party's policies. The PDP will focus on reviving the economy and solving problems in all dimensions for sustainable growth with the "3 Urgent and 8 Accelerated Policies". Entrepreneurs provide turnkey Top up funds in a new way while creating new opportunities by doing it immediately. 2. Take care of welfare and enhance skills through the State Welfare Card. 3. Improving the quality of life at all ages" 8 Accelerated Policies" laying the foundation for sustainable economic growth, namely: 1. Enhance the micro-economy, promote the agricultural sector, community enterprises linked to the industrial sector, and tourism.2.Overhaul the existing industrial sector to a new economy in the S-curve industry to drive innovation, enter the digital economy and economy. BCG3.Accelerate the development of strategic areas, including EEC, and expand new strategic areas.4.Upgrade all infrastructure systems, including roads. As well as developing the 5G network infrastructure to cover all areas, PromptPay and PaoTang extension will allow Thai people to truly enter the digital economy.5. Develop a platform to connect job sources to generate income while studying. Existing workers will be promoted to upskilling programs in line with modern industries.6. Bureaucratic reform Amend barrier laws to promote strong SMEs.7.Reform the budget system Decentralize local government to revive the economy To enter a long-term balanced budget to promote a strong local drive that meets the needs of the people of the area directly.8. Full anti-corruption Create a public procurement system that reduces the discretion of officials. Double the penalties for corrupt politicians, including the use of cryptocurrency. There is blockchain technology that will be used in large-scale public auction projects. There is a public fund of 300 billion baht.
Analysis: "The Big House"|Does anyone know "Je Somsong" Phancharoenworakul? President, Phra Nakhon Ayutthaya Because after the end of the reign of Mr. Montri Pongpanich, the former head of the Social Affairs Party, there was no politician full of majesty. In addition to Je Somsong, "Pancharoenworakul" is a family of politicians because he has played both national and local politics since both his son. Daughter Yan, son-in-law "Je Somsong" is a Wang Noi by birth, the family runs a timber and building materials business. Later, her husband pushed him to run for chief in place of her husband, who had been chief for a long time and was an important "vote head" for Montri Pongpanich in the area. Wang Noi election 2019 Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya There are 4 constituencies divided into 2 members each: Proud Thai, Kueakul, Danchaiwichit and Surasak Phancharoenworakul. For Thai, Nop Chivanan and Jiratat Kraidecha are in the next election, the number of MPs in Krung Kao has increased to 5, and Pheu Thai Party leaders have just launched their candidates, including District 1 Annop Areewongsakul, District 2 Nop Chivanun, District 3 Wittaya Buranasiri, District 4 Sun Organic Region and District 5 Jiratat Kraidecha. His son, Phong Chivanun, a former Ayutthaya MP, is the deputy secretary-general of the Pheu Thai Party and plays the role of the old Krung general fighting against the Proud Thai army. If you hope to just flag down 1 MP.3 Mar2023 Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister and Deputy Prime Minister visited Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province Worship - Inspection - Meet the People Au Rurk took victory to pay homage to the pagoda, Wat Yai Chai Mongkol, which appeared that the sword presented to King Naresuan the Great. One of them is Mrs. Somsong Phancharoenworakul, who brought the famous dessert of the city of Ayutthaya to the Prime Minister and had the opportunity to sit and talk for a while, considered my majesty and name. Extraordinary Analysis: Prajak Mawongsa
"Fulfilled" Isaan opens stage to ask for red shirts to support "Prayuth" sitting Prime Minister|"Somwang Asrasi" Prepare to go to the Northeast to open the platform for the voice of the Red Shirts to turn to support the Thai Unification Party to build the nation to push "Prayuth" to sit as Prime Minister He walked away from the UDD in pain and tears, but never betrayed or ungrateful anyone on March 29, 2023. Mr. Somwang Asrasi applicant List of MPs of the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTSO), former leaders The UDD revealed that it was scheduled to take the stage to address the candidates. Northeastern MPs of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party from this week onwards to help the party campaign to convince the Red Shirts who had lived together to support its candidate. MPs of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party to support Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha is back as prime minister and will clarify the party's policies to the villagers. And some of the arenas will go with Mr. Yoswarit Chuluk or Cool Dokjik. The chairman of the Patriotic Coalition Somwang said that since Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha seized power as chief of the army, he has been watching. Gen. Prayuth has always been following what he has done. Until the entry into the electoral system, it was considered democratic. But today, there are still some political parties that try to attack the campaign time all the time. Gen. Prayuth is a dictator, he wants to ask what part of his brain he thinks. It is now in democratic election mode. Past elections Gen. Prayuth is the elected prime minister in parliament. Gen. Prayuth also voted in the political party system, why are you still attacking him as a dictator? If it is a dictatorship, will there be an election? Gen. Prayuth came to work, I was a political servant, having previously been in the Ministry of Commerce and the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives, as both Ministerial Secretary and Ministerial Advisor. I see a lot of things that I'm not the size of an ant. I can't do anything, but my feelings aren't I'm saying it's taxpayer money. You're supposed to give back your tax money to people, not do something that isn't. Gen. Prayuth is not a businessman, not a merchant, not an old man, he will not think about profit and loss, unlike you. It's an old man, a businessman, who thinks only about profit, must bring the facts to talk about what he sees and talk about what is what, the nation today, conflict has decreased? Must accept I can't do that anymore because everyone understands, but there are some people who can't change their minds and can't think for themselves. But I'm not like that. When I came to the Thai National Building Party, I took the adage that hurt and remember people. I'm not a buffalo, I don't let anyone put a rope around my nose and hang a bell," Mr. Somwang said. The UDD also said that when he was with the UDD, he never asked anyone for money. So don't say treason. This life has never betrayed anyone. Don't say ungrateful. He has never been ungrateful in this life. When you never come to help anything, then where do you get your gratitude, how can you be ungrateful because what you do today is the most correct thing, you never come to ask for money, not Samphawesi, not a glimpse, not a mite, not a punch, to ask someone for money. He's a costly person, and he's a high-cost person. Therefore, if each party's decision is respected. Friendship remains, but if you don't respect your decision, it's okay and you don't see it as losing your friend. If a good friend has a brain, he can think. If a bad friend enters a vein, anything cannot be healed, Mr. Somwang said. UDD Some ghosts do not have to burn shadows, do not tread. I have to say this. I don't think I'm going out with you anymore. If you see each other, you may say hello, but you will not sort it out. He walked from the UDD in pain and tears when he walked out, never turning his back on it. Many people call and never answer their calls, intending not to get involved in politics anymore, but to join the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party because they have the most obvious ideology about the nation, religion and the monarchy. This is in my heart today, I am proud to have come to this house, I do not want political office. Just to work for the country and the people. As for the feeling since joining the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, it is different from the original place like the sky and the abyss. This party is nothing hidden and respectful.
"Teerayuth" election eyes point to "For Thailand", a reflection of the party from the mass base |"Teerayuth" signals. Senators do not interfere in politics after the election, fearing a crisis from the mass base. PTT was a major turning point in Thai politics.  Today (30 Mar 2023) College Rose Garden Alumni Association under the Patronage of His Majesty the King Prof. Teerayuth Boonmee, one of the Rose Garden alumni, assessed Thai politics before declaring that he is not an idealist and a non-democratic because he sees that politics is not only democratic and not limited to rights and freedoms. He also noted that if the Pheu Thai Party has won several consecutive victories in the last 20 years, it is not common, it is possible that the policy starting from 30 baht to cure all diseases resonates with low-income people who feel oppressed for a long time. He said the election could see Pheu Thai as a reflection of the party's strong mass base. Rose Garden alumni forum from various political parties Reflecting on politics before and after the election, Pheu Thai Party's Dr. Brahmin Lertsurudej expressed concern about the authority of the Election Commission (SEC). But I believe that this election The party will sweep the seats of about 350 MPs in two systems and reiterate why the prime minister's candidacy has not yet been announced. Not related to the news that Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra will return to the country. Leader of the Democratic Party Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn from the Seri Ruam Thai Party said that this election is a contest between "Au Tu - No Thaksin" as well as competition between political parties. Stated that he had never seen the law for the applicant. MPs can move parties within 30 days, including candidates. The list of MPs becomes the address of the person who brings the money, and if the person gives the most money will be at the top of the list, pointing out that if Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha does not give up politics, in the end there will be 2 poles of power: support and non-support. Gen. Prayut 
For Thailand to announce with the draft of a new bill If it's the government,|For Thailand to announce with the draft of a new constitution as soon as the government "Chai Kasem" reveals preparations to restore human dignity Contained in the  Today (30 Mar 2023) Democratic Committee Justice and Equality Pheu Thai Party, led by Mr. Chai Kasem Nitisiri Chairman of the Strategy and Political Direction Committee Pheu Thai Party and Chairman of the Democracy Committee Justice and Equality Pheu Thai Party joins press conference on the resolution of the Democratic Committee meeting Justice and Equality The Pheu Thai Party, which held its first meeting today, was Mr. Chusak Sirinil, Deputy Leader of the Pheu Thai Party and Vice Chairman of the Committee on Democracy. Justice and Equality The Pheu Thai Party concluded the resolution of the meeting on 4 main points: 1. The meeting resolved that if the Pheu Thai Party wins the election to form a government, it will expedite the process of drafting a new constitution by the Constitution Drafting Council (MPs) elected by the people. The Cabinet resolved at the Cabinet meeting to prepare a new constitution by holding a referendum to ask the opinions of the people before 2. By including this in the new constitution in the Pheu Thai Party government. After human dignity was included in the 1997 constitution when it was coup, it was never included in subsequent constitutions. This is to guarantee the rights, freedoms and lives of the people according to the law. Rules, Regulations and Procedures If any matter violates human dignity. It needs to be fixed. Human dignity is a big issue for the Pheu Thai Party because it guarantees to the people that no one can violate the human dignity of others.3. Study the structure that causes inequality Inequality is now a big legal issue and in practice, inequality is one of the rules of law, including discrimination, which is a big problem that the Pheu Thai Party attaches great importance to. 4. The Criminal Procedure Code or POI will be amended to ensure people's rights and freedoms. Failure to grant bail must be a clearly written exception. He should refrain from exercising broad discretion by avoiding writing laws that have broad interpretations because in the past, people have faced detention in court without bail due to reasoning and broad discretion, Mr. Chaikasem said. How do people feel about law enforcement? Therefore, there is an opinion that relevant laws must be restored to protect the people for equality. In particular, the rule of law, the principle of democracy, and the arrest and detention of the committee agreed that democracy in Thailand is problematic because there is a constitution that comes from the aftermath of the seizure of power that the people do not approve or the constitution of succession. The Constitution is very important, it is the basis of the government of the country. If there is an undemocratic constitution There is no way Thailand can become a democracy, the Pheu Thai Party has long tried to push for a new constitution. From the people's elected MPs. When presented to the House of Representatives, but the Senate disagreed, it led to the resolution of this committee today while Mr. Bhumidham Vejyachai, deputy leader of the Pheu Thai Party and member of the Democracy Committee. Justice and Equality Pheu Thai Party says the constitution is the basic structure of law enforcement. If the constitutional structure can be democratized. It will create a basis for adjustment in other matters. Code of Laws Rules & Regulations Contrary to basic principles, it will be adjusted accordingly or repealed, depending on the status of the law. The Constitution is an all-encompassing principle. The details will be studied further.
 "Oh my God." "Nevin-Diary" is excellent.|"Anutin-Nevin" visited "Ae Chonmsawat" at Buriram Hospital after he fell unconscious while practicing at Chang Circuit. Mr. Chanmsawat Asawame, former president of the Samut Prakan Provincial Administration Organization and a well-known businessman, was rushed to Buriram Hospital on the afternoon of March 30 with heat stroke or heat stroke due to prolonged exposure to extreme heat. While practicing car racing at Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province, Mr. Chanmsawat was hospitalized in the room. ICU The reporter has been monitoring the situation at Buriram Hospital since the evening until about 21.00 a.m. (March 30). The president of Buriram United Club, along with Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, who flew urgently from Bangkok, visited Mr. Chanmsawat at Buriram Hospital but did not allow the media to record the visit. President of Samut Prakan Provincial Administration Organization Mr. Chanmsawat's wife also visited Buriram Hospital closely to support her husband, Dr. Phuwadol Kittiwattanasarn, director of Buriram Hospital, informed that the patient had been sent to be treated with unconsciousness. Heat stroke is expected due to extreme heat. The cause is currently being determined and under close medical supervision. Now I feel a little unconscious. The doctor fully treated Mr. Chanmsawat and Mr. Chanmsawat's condition remained stable and the doctor treated the symptoms according to the symptoms. He also attended the examination and evaluation of Mr. Chanmsawat at Buriram Hospital, but has not yet been transferred to Bangkok for treatment, according to previous news reports.
"Krungsrivilai" reiterates that the main house Samut Prakan is still "PDC." Expecting the leader after the event "Ae Chanmsawat"|"Krungsrivilai" Opening up after the loss of "Good Night" Stated that he has known each other for a long time, is sincere and likes to help villagers, revealing that "Samut Prakan Progressive Group MP" is still with the NHRC today (March 31, 2023). Mr. Krungsriwilai Sutin Phueak, a former Samut Prakan MP who is part of the Samut Prakan Progressive Group, spoke about the death of Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame through the program Prajak Catch Issues on Thai PBS, saying that Mr. Chanmsawat's personality is friendly, loving, true-loving, sincere with people and likes to help people. Mr. Krungsirivilai also said that he had known Mr. Chonmsawat since he was in Grade 1 in Samut Prakan province, where he was a child at that time, which he had seen since he was little. He entered the entertainment and political circles, so he had the opportunity to work in politics together. Young said he had just heard about Mr Chanmsawat last night. After attending the launch event for the MP candidate of the Power Pracharath Party at Nong Chok Sports Center, he will return to his hotel on the bus. There were a lot of calls asking about the incident. At that time, he did not know about the incident, so he learned that those who were in the incident brought Mr. Chanmsawat to Buriram Hospital for treatment. Mr. Krungsivilai He also revealed, citing the statements of those who were present at the incident, that the incident happened very quickly. When Mr. Chanmsawat arrived, he changed into his driving clothes and drove the track for 4 laps for training next week. After rehearsing, he changed into his driving clothes and got out of the car, and while getting out of the car, he suffered a heat stroke. Mr. Krungsrivilai said that the group's work should not be a problem because in the past, they took care of each other like brothers. It's a big house. The municipal government also loves the big house, even without Mr. Chanmsawat. We have to consider who will lead the group instead of Mr. Chonmsawat. Mr. Krungsriwilai said that after the work will be discussed again, including now the Samut Prakan Progressive Group is still with the Pracharath Party, they will be the ones who will take care of the matters that people complain about. If there is a complaint, the Commissioner will tell Ms. Nanthida Kaewbuasai Samut Prakan Provincial Commissioner to solve the problem for the villagers immediately. Read related news "Ae Chanmsawat" dies at the age of 55 "Anutin" likened "Chonmsawat" to brothers and sisters. Confirming the doctor did his best. "Nevin-Diary" is excellent.   
"Aye Chanmsawat" dies at 55 years old |"Ae Chanmsawat Asawame" passed away at Buriram Hospital at 1.15 a.m. at the age of 55. He suffered a heat stroke while practicing at Chang Circuit today (March 31, 2023). Journalists reported Chanmsawat Asawame, former president of the Samut Prakan Provincial Administration Organization and a well-known businessman, has died at Buriram Hospital. He died at 1:15 a.m. at the age of 55 after being transported. Buriram Hospital urgently On the afternoon of March 30, he suffered from heat stroke or heat stroke due to prolonged exposure to extreme heat. While practicing car racing at Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province, Mr. Sunthorn Pansangthong Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives, one of the Samut Prakan Progressive Group Revealed that Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame, former president of Samut Prakan Provincial Authority The leader of the Samut Prakan Progressive Group died in the middle of the night at 1.15 a.m. at Buriram Hospital and at 9.00 a.m. he moved from Buriram province to perform religious ceremonies at White House along the Chao Phraya River. Samut Prakan province should be around 2.00-3.00 p.m., then it will be open for watering at 4.00 p.m. with Abhidham Park set up for 7 days on the part of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister as head of the Pracharath Power Party Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, the leader of the Proud Thai Party (PT), who is close to the family of "Asawame", told reporters by phone about the death of Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame in a sad tone, saying, "It is true, that he passed away around 1.15 a.m. with my family and brother Nevin Chidchob at Buriram Hospital watching over him until he passed away. He took to Instagram with a black photo and wrote: "Very sorry for Chanmsawat Asawame, a Thai businessman and politician. He was elected President of Samut Prakan Provincial Administration Organization. He is a former deputy leader of the For the Land Party. He is the son of Mr. Wattana Aswame. Former minister of many ministries, married to Nanthida Kaewbuasai Thai singers He is the president of the Samut Prakan Provincial Administration Organization and has 1 child together, Song-Chanmtida Asawame, who is a candidate for the Proud Thai Party.
"Diary" is liken to "good evening" as a brother. Insist the doctor do his best.|"Diary" Grieving the loss of "good luck" like losing a close relative, the cause of death was a heart attack. Confirm Buriram Hospital doctors take full care of every step today (31 March 2023) Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, said that the cause of death of Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame was However, the details must be given to the doctor, who closely monitored the condition until around midnight. Mr. Chanmsawat died at Buriram Hospital. The doctors did their best, and it was also revealed that before he died, he had died. Mr. Chanmsawat went to race training at Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province. When you're done practicing and getting out of the car, Mr. Chanmsawat is exhausted and exhausted. People close to him called an emergency vehicle to take him to the hospital. The doctors took full care of everything but kept the symptoms until midnight, Mr. Anutin said. To reiterate, Mr. Chanmsawat, to himself and Mr. Nevin Chidchob. They are very close, like brothers. In addition, his son and Mr. Chanmsawat's daughter were girlfriends, so it was like losing a close relative, which was usually sad, and when he heard the news, he rushed to see his condition since the evening of March 30, read related news, "Ae Chonmsawat" has passed away at the age of 55. Postural symptoms "Nevin-Anutin" is great, what kind of symptoms are at risk of "heat stroke"? Summer threats to watch out for
Closing the legend of "Aye Good Night" Son of the godfather of Paknam, the heir to Aswame.|Closing the legend of "Aye good evening" Son of Paknam city mogul, heir to the "Aswame" family from the path of local politics to national politics. 
In the case of the sudden death of Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame or "Ae Chonmsawat"  The 55-year-old former Samut Prakan Provincial Administration Organization president and businessman not only shocked political insiders and acquaintances with what was identified as a heat stroke, but also affected microclimate politics. The reason is that Chanmsawat Aswame is the son of Mr. Wattana Aswame, who fled abroad and has 3 siblings. brother He is currently fleeing a case abroad. Former Samut Prakan MP Poonphon Aswame died earlier. Reviving political influence in Samut Prakan province until it became the home of national politics again. After the Ashwame family. Under the leadership of Mr. Wattana, the father. Defeated by the Thai Rak Thai Party During the Golden Age under Thaksin Shinawatra in 2001. Move from the Paknam small prime minister stage to the stage before the Samut Pra group. Progression will get a chair. The victory of the Samut Prakan Progressive Group in the election of the Provincial Governor is the first step in reclaiming the title. Paknam MP is the political revival of Ashwame. Indeed, the network of family members went into administration in important positions, such as by Miss Chanmtida. He is currently in a relationship with the son of Proud Thai Party leader Anutin Charnvirakul and has been included in the party's fifth list, reflecting the close ties of both families in national politics. Mr. Akarawat Aswame Samut Prakan MP and Mr. Tosak Aswame Congressman Roster, Wattana's nephew. Aswame is responsible for coordinating a group of 6 Samutprakarn MPs affiliated with the Power Pracharath Party in the political sphere. Mr. Chanmsawat was also a member of the executive committee of the People's Party, a member of the executive committee of the For the Land Party, ran for election in 2007 but was not elected, and later became the deputy leader of the For the Land Party in 2008. At the age of 55, known as "heat stroke", heat threats over 40 degrees Celsius killed an average of 33 people per year. Insist the doctor do his best. 
The SAT exercised the right by mail through the main channel. Overseas Elections|4 Political parties filed a petition Ministry of Foreign Affairs Facilitate users of rights outside the Kingdom Request to activate the postal privilege as the main channel. Exercise your rights at the embassy as a supplementary guide today (31 March 2023). Mr. Sukhumpong Ngonakham Pheu Thai Party Representative Mr. Chaitawat Tulathon Secretary-General of the Progressive Party, Pol. Gen. Tawee Surveillance Secretary-General of the Prachachart Party and Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn, Chairman of the Seri Ruam Thai Party's strategy, submitted a letter to the Election Commission (SEC). Asked to change the way Thais vote outside the Kingdom, Mr. Somchai said 1,300,000 Thais abroad are important and have the right to exercise this right, and about 1,000,000 people are expected to vote. The 2019 election saw about 100,000 voters, the highest number, but it is believed that it could have been higher if the vote had been overturned. SAT And the State Department intends and sincerely to facilitate the people. In exercising the right, both the registration of the exercising person. It must be made easy and convenient for the public to access. There are 3 forms of exercise of legal rights: Holding elections at embassies; The form that makes people exercise the most rights is the form of mail that uses the least right is at the embassy because it has to travel to exercise the right timely, costly and inconvenient. In addition, foreign countries set the date of the election at the embassy as an official day, such as Belgium on Tuesday, Malaysia on Thursday or Friday. The ballots will be delivered to the embassy on April 22, and the embassy asking people to return their ballots on April 28 is too early. The SAT in coordination with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs asked all embassies and consulates to use the postal election method as the primary method and to use the embassy as a supplementary method. If you want to hold an election at the embassy, you can use the holiday to hold an election. Request a schedule adjustment The deadline for ballots to arrive at the embassy is not too soon, it may be extended to May 4, and the embassy has enough time to send them back to Thailand. If any embassy is ready to count votes, it can do so at the embassy because the amended MPs Act clearly states that it allows embassies to count votes at the embassy with Thai witnesses. Put the details of Thai nationals abroad on the website so that they can be easily verified. Such demands can be adjusted in a timely manner, citing the example of the Thai embassy in Belgium, which was originally scheduled to be chosen on Tuesday. When the news came out, it was immediately adjusted. It was changed to Sunday and immediately added a postage format. This is an example of an embassy that if it wants to be amended, it can be adjusted immediately, Pol Col Thawee said. There are many Thai people in the restaurant business and employees. The Malaysian Embassy has set the date for the election to be held during Hari Raya Day, so it has called for postal elections to be postponed to a holiday while Mr. Chaithawat said that this election people had high expectations. As election day draws nearer, people are not confident that this election will be conducted freely and fairly. Whether it is about holding elections outside the Kingdom. Printing ballots Real-time reporting today is still unclear. Observe whether it is intended to favor a particular authority. In 2019, Thais outside the Kingdom who used their right to vote for the Democratic Party a lot, so they blocked the exercise of their rights this year to favor anyone or not. Not just numbers, no names of candidates and parties in all 400 districts, causing confusion, may cause tiptoe cards, and may cause election fraud or not. last Will the SAT report the results in real-time and not officially? Mr. Sukhumpong said that the proposal presented to Today's SAT The SAT can improve it and believes that it will be solved in time so that Thai people living abroad can exercise their right to vote. Please don't let the mistakes that happened in 2019 happen again.
"Sonthiya" filed for dissolution for Thailand, knot for "Nattawut" to speak after political disqualification|"Treaty" to submit evidence SAT considers disbanding Pheu Thai Party after allowing "Nattawut" who has been disqualified from politics to make speeches attacking Gen. Prayuth today (March 31, 2023) Mr. Sonthiya Sawasdee Former Advisor to the Chairman of the Justice and Human Rights Law Commission of the House of Representatives. Clip and transcript of the speech of Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue, director of Families for Thailand, on March 26 in Nakhon Pathom province submitted to the Election Commission (SEC). To investigate the facts and to carry out the legal process of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the election of members of the House of Representatives and the penalties prescribed under Section 10. Article 158 and Article 159 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on Political Parties, Sections 20, 21 and 22, which came into force due to the dissolution of Parliament. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Because Gen. Prayuth is a candidate for the prime minister of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, therefore, it is seen that Mr. Nattawut's actions are politically disqualified, but the Pheu Thai Party executive committee has always given speeches on stage and violated the law on the election of MPs. Accept as a sponsor But the complaint was not related to politics, but because he saw that Gen. Prayuth was a good, honest and productive man, just as he had filed a petition to investigate the people on Saturday not to remove the dictator who invaded his home. Gen. Prem Tinsulanonda is also preparing to bring the victims to submit a letter to the executive of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party to reconsider the submission of an MP candidate who used to be a local politician but is involved in the villagers' land issues. The SAT exercises the right by mail. Overseas election "Prawit" Open candidate for Congressional District "3 Urgent 8 Accelerate" Policy, "Build Thailand", Deploy "Sudarat-Suphan-Sitha" to Prime Minister's Candidate
Survive! Court Resolution The President refused to accept the petition "Saksiam" amendment to the Company's financial support. |Consensus constitutional court "Saksiam Chidchob" petition to amend the budget for his own company today (March 31, 2023) Reporters reported that the Constitutional Court issued documents in the case of Pakornwut Udompipatsakul and 47 MPs, which is not less than one-tenth of the total number of members of the House of Representatives. Submit a petition to submit an opinion to the Constitutional Court for consideration of the decision under Article 144, paragraph three of the Constitution in the case of Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. The Minister of Transport is the proposer of the budget of the Ministry of Transport. The Board of Directors and the Commission are directly and indirectly involved in the expenditure budget for the fiscal year 2021 and maintain the partnership in Buri Charoen Limited Partnership. Construction in the possession or custody of another personRead more news Constitutional Court Order "Saksiam" to stop performing duties. Transport Minister because of such cases, it is convincing that Mr. Saksiam Exercise his status as Minister of Transport and Commissioner. Exercise authority in such position to prepare or approve any projects of government agencies. The special intention resulted in the LP and the company that donated money to the Proud Thai Party to accept the job as a partner with the Ministry of Transport, which violated the provisions of Article 144, paragraph two, of the Constitutional Court. The bill must be considered for the fiscal year expenditure budget bill of the House of Representatives or the Senate because such provision gives the Constitutional Court the duty and power to examine during the consideration of the draft budget bill for the fiscal year that the members of the House of Representatives. Members of the Senate and the Commission propose, amend, or act in any way that directly or indirectly contribute to the expenditure budget or not when the facts appear that the Fiscal Year 2021 Expenditure Budget Bill has been completed and become law. Therefore, the case is not subject to the criteria and conditions under Article 144, paragraph three. The Constitutional Court Procedure Act B.E. 2561, Section 7 (7), the Constitutional Court unanimously rejected the petition for consideration and read related news. "Saksiam" voted "Chuvit" to pry evidence of donation clues filed The SAT disbanded the Proud Thai Party, the Administrative Court ruled the Land Department neglected to perform its duties. Request to postpone submission of documents to clarify the petition for the decision of the Minister for 30 days.
"Warawut" said he didn't have a number in mind, any number, but asked for 25 seats.|"Warawut" Identify, will not reduce, trade, give, give, give, do not use the method of naked survival. Campaigning day by day, party policy must be sustainable. Repeat, candidates for 50 constituencies, even small but qualitative, want to get a number that gives us a number. No less than 25 MPs today (31 March 2023) Thai National Development Party (NDP) Held the 2nd Annual General Meeting of 2023 and orientation to clarify election policy and law, chaired by Mr. Warawut Silpa-archa, party leader. Mr. Praphat Pothasuthon, General Secretary of the Party In addition, the meeting resolved to approve the addition of three members of the party's executive committee as deputy party leaders, namely: Mr. Chatchai Payuhanwichai Mr. Kanok Wongtarang and Mr. Santi Kiranan by Mr. Warawut said at one point that Thailand must have leaders who can make the country stand on the world stage in line with other countries. We need talented people to lead the country, which Thailand has many talented people. It's time for those talented people to become leaders in Thailand. Confirming that our policy is achievable, which is not to brag about it, but we have already made it clear, Mr. Warawut said that we cannot solve the problem by reducing, exchanging, giving away because it is not a real solution. The real solution is to listen to the problem and turn it into a solution. If you keep thinking the same way, Doesn't change the way you think. How many elections? How many prime ministers? Which uncle? Which aunt? As a result, the same problem is not the election that proposes that approach. The next election is not on May 14, but on two or how many years from now. Mr. Warawut also mentioned the appointment of Mr. Chatchai, Mr. Kanok and Mr. Santi as the deputy leader of the party. When combined with the adults in the party, from now on, let's keep an eye on the NHT. Because we are really developing, we will take it one step at a time, let's see what each step we take will be, Mr. Warawut said in an interview about the readiness for the election. The MPs we have and the homework we've done over the past few months are fully prepared. Even if we have candidates, Although only 50 constituency MPs are elected, they are confident that 50 districts with quality will achieve the target of at least 25 seats. There is also intensive tutoring on election law for potential candidates. MPs because one of the key factors in elections. In addition to getting the voice of the people. Bookkeeping, campaigning, rules and etiquette are equally important. Because many times you see a candidate who has already won an election fall off his horse with a simple thing. So finale, that's the candidate. All party MPs are required to follow the legal framework and rules set by the Election Commission (SEC). has laid it out in all respects. No matter how much money you spend. He was on duty during the campaign until Election Day when asked about the publication of ballots without political party logos. There is only a number. Mr. Warawut said it would be better to wait for the conclusion but would like to leave his observations to the SAT because he knows that there are already recruits for people and companies to print ballots. I would like to request that the ballots be confused to a minimum due to the rules of two ballots. Pick one card. By memorizing numbers and parties, I think there will be some challenges for some groups of people. If it will facilitate the people, such as a list-based ballot. If there is a symbol or name of a political party on it, it will give people a better understanding of the two-card electoral system. Putting existing political party names and logos on the ballot is unlikely to be over your shoulders. The design of the ballot, regardless of the color or size of the ballot, requires consideration of how easy it is to understand when walking into the booth. Because even when entering the polling booth, he had to recite carefully what number to take when asked if the Administrative Court scheduled a hearing on the delimitation of the SAT on April 7, fearing that it would affect the party's candidates and the overall election timeline. Mr. Warawut said that things that have not yet happened, do not beat yourself before the fever. Before April 3, he and the party's general secretary will travel to support the candidate. The MP in Suphan Buri province will go to every district of the NHTDA. On April 4, he will travel to the election on the list, while the decision of the Administrative Court is about the future of Thailand. Even though it's been a few days, it hasn't happened yet. He believes that not only the NHTS, but government agencies involved in the election must find a solution together. Until then, we will consider it more appropriate than related news. :"Thailand builds Thailand" to send "Sudarat-Suphan-Sitha" to Prime Minister's candidacy
"Thailand builds Thailand" to send "Sudarat-Suphan-Sitha" to Prime Minister's candidacy|TAT Former minister Udomdet-Sutha-Anudit slammed the party's deputy leader Dan Thakorn Tansit, former NBTC secretary-general, sat as the party's secretary-general today (March 31, 2023). Thai Sang Thai Party Holding the 2023 Annual General Meeting in accordance with the Political Party Articles of Association to comply with the revised Political Party Law. Therefore, the party bylaws must be adjusted to be in line with the Political Party Law, including the addition and replacement of the position of party executive director now that the election period has begun. The previous party executive committee members who have run for election as district MPs include: Dr. Sidha Tiwari Party General Secretary It is not convenient to perform his duties as an executive director, so he wishes to resign from his position in order to campaign fully. Thai Sang Thai Party Many qualified party members took the opportunity to convene this extraordinary meeting to reposition the party's executive committee. Additional and substituted for the position of Executive Committee of the Party that has been amended and replaced according to the resolution of the meeting is as follows: 1. Mr. Thakorn Tantasit The position of General Secretary of the party replaces Dr. Sidha Tiwari who will represent the party in the election campaign as a candidate for Prime Minister.2. Former Minister and Mr. Dol Hetrakul, Mr. Thawatchai Suttibongkoch Deputy Party Leader3.Mr. Narong Rungthanawong Party Treasurer4.Mr. Pradit Wongvilai Party Registrar 5. Banana farmer and Mr. Sujin Pitak, executive director of the partyRead more news: "Prawit" Open candidate for Congressional District "3 Urgent, 8 Urgent" policy "Ae Chanmsawat" has died at the age of 55.
Move the body of "Ae Chonmsawat" back home for watering ceremony on April 1. |Move the body. Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame after he died at Buriram Hospital. Return to perform religious ceremonies at White House by the Chao Phraya River. The family and team will prepare for a funeral service tomorrow (April 1) today (March 31, 2023). Reporters reported that at 09.00 a.m. after the death of Mr. Chanmsawat Asawame, former president of the Samut Prakan Provincial Administration Organization and a well-known businessman, at Buriramai Hospital, the officers brought a car to move Mr. Chanmsawat to prepare for a religious ceremony at the White House by the Chao Phraya River. Mr. Chanmsawat's body is expected to arrive at Ban Khao at 3.00 p.m. Mr. Chanmsawat's family, Samut Prakan Provincial Officer, Samut Prakan Municipality Member Samut Prakan Progressive Team, community leaders gradually came to wait for the body. Most of them are still in shock over Chanmsawat's sudden death by Samut Prakan municipal officials. Bring a water car to spray and clean the area. Relatives only allow close persons to enter. The funeral service will take place at 4 p.m. tomorrow (April 1). Initially, only relatives are allowed. Only close people read related news to close the legend of "Ae Chanmsawat". The son of the godfather of Paknam city heir Aswame "Ae Chonmsawat" has died at the age of 55 years. Doctors do their best to know "heat stroke", heat hazards exceeding 40 degrees Celsius, killing an average of 33 people per year. 
"Jurin" stirs up hearts of partylist MPs hoping to erase speech to win election|The head of the Democratic Party led 100 congressional candidates on the list to pay homage to Mother Earth and urged the campaign to remove the speech in hopes of raising flags across the country. Today (31 Mar 2023) Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Leader of the Democratic Party, along with Mr. Niphon Bunyamanee, Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon, Deputy Party Leader, and Mr. Sutham Rahong. The director of the party has invited the candidates for the House of Representatives. All 100 names will attend the meeting to plan their troops for the upcoming elections, as well as to advise them on April 4, the day of the candidacy for MPs in the list system. All the roster MPs gathered to pay homage to Mother Earth to win and prosper. Along with taking a group photo as a souvenir, Mr. Jurin told the applicants. The MP said he thanked all 100 people who volunteered to join the army and join the cause of the Democratic Party to bring victory to the party in the upcoming elections. Mr. Jurin also said that today the Democratic Party, along with its people, with its policies, with its political positions, with its experience, with its performance, and the main thing that the country longs for and wants, is honesty and integrity. When Mr. Jurin spoke about it, applause was also loud again. The Democratic Party is extremely ready and insists that all party working groups involved have prepared and staffed all the preparedness. The 1st army is the army of the party leader, the 2nd army is the army of the party secretary-general, and the 3rd army is the army of the former party leader, which will be an important force for the Democratic Party in this election campaign. Together with the 100 candidates on the list, all provinces and all relevant groups will continue to vote in favor of the Democratic Party for the day of the election of MPs in both the district system and the list system. Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party will lead the candidates. The party's MPs went to run for election in person. On April 3, candidates from all 33 districts in Bangkok will be elected and on April 4, they will lead a team of candidates. List MPs also went to run for election, Mr. Jurin said, in terms of the quality and potential of the candidates. The Democratic Party's list of MPs in this election is unbeaten by any political party. Everyone has the quality and potential to serve as representatives of the Democratic Party to serve all the people across the country. The qualifications of the applicant can be classified. The list of MPs is as follows: 1. 3 former party leaders and former party leaders2. 15 former ministers who must be considered experienced in both legislative and executive branches3. 29 former representatives for educational qualifications with master's and doctoral degrees, a total of 75 people, including 17 women, who are ready to lead the party and Thailand into a new era of politics that equally cares for people of all ages. The world of the future is gathered in large numbers. Businessmen, academics, the media, and people with disabilities were also present. All the party's MPs are doing their job to the best of their abilities and campaigning with full force. To bring victory to the Democratic Party in this election.   
Brave Development Nation Candidates for 33 MPs unveiled|"Brave Development Nation" Invades Bangkok Full Smoke "Suwaj-Korn" Launching 33 candidates for the fight with the slogan "Dare to Fight: The nation develops, we fight for you" to achieve the goal for Thai people "Good work, money, affordable things" today (March 31, 2023) at Rama Gardens Hotel. Mr. Suwat Liptapallop Chairman of the Pattanaklao Party led a press conference to launch 33 candidates in Bangkok, together with Mr. Korn Jatikwanich. Party leader DR. WANNARAT CHANNUKUL MR. WORAWUT AUNJAI Mr. Attawish Suwanpakdee Deputy Party Leader and Mr. Varanain Vanichka, Advisor to the Party Leader. The candidate is ready to face the economic problems and the suffering of the people, Mr. Suwat said that the Pattana Party is ready to fight economic problems such as finance, loans, high gasoline. Expensive electricity This is the problem of the country and of the people of Bangkok, so we sent 33 lives who volunteered to serve the people of Bangkok thanks to Mr. Korn Jatikvanich. Party leader and Mr. Attawish Suwanpakdee Deputy leader of the party, who has prepared the selection of candidates and policies that will be used to fight the problem for the people of Bangkok. The Chatpattana Party used to flag in Bangkok many years ago, and we must be able to flag it again as the National Pattana Party. The head of the National Development Party said that the candidate All 33 Bangkok MPs are young people that the party has selected that are ready to contribute to political change. Making a difference for Thailand Dismantling the new economic structure to give Thai people a chance There is equality of opportunity to open your eyes and open your mouth, get out of the poverty trap, today it's time to fight the real problems of the people. The country has had many problems lately. Livelihood opportunities, debt burden This is the important task of the National Development Party. We must dismantle the structure to make the people's living costs cheaper and sustainable. Suwanpakdi The deputy leader of the party, who is also the head of the Bangkok team, said that all 33 candidates are ready to smash, slash, punch and tackle the stomach problems that need to be solved. District 1 Joseph Walker, District 2 Joseph Walker, District 3 Joseph Walker, District 4 Joseph Walker, District 5 Joseph Suksathit, District 6 Joseph Walker, District 7 Joseph Walker, District 8 Joseph Walker, District 9 Joseph Walker, District 10 Democratic Congressional District 11 Democratic Congressional District 11 Democratic Congressional District 12 Democratic Congressional District 13 Democratic Congressional District 14 Democratic Congressional District 14 Democratic Congressional District 16 Democratic Congressional District 17 Democratic Congressional District 18 Democratic Congressional District 19 Democratic Congressional District 19 Democratic Ward 19 Democratic Ward 19 Democratic Ward 19 Democratic Ward 19 Democratic Ward 19 Kitirandrkul, District 20 Dr. Kornkrit Wongkhunjade, District 21 Attavej Kongnakwong, District 22 Derek Khantaporn, District 23 Yosaya Chiyapaparak, District 24 Ratta Sombat Lap Family, District 25 Wadhapukkana District 26 Songkran Pongpanna, District 27 Natthawat Patcharapornnukul, District 28 Thanawut Radiuschai, District 29 Lt. Col. Tosapol Chotikut, District 30 Wanchai Sutthiareekul, District 31 Sarapong Isornsak Na Ayutthaya, District 32 Orapailin Akornworapreecha and District 33 Krit Suriyaphonnayakorn said at the launch of their candidacy. Bangkok MPs in 33 districts said they are confident in candidates in all 33 districts, as well as Nakhon Ratchasima province, who will submit all 16 districts. We have been preparing for the election for a long time and there are many issues of the people waiting to be solved. Our candidates have a deep understanding of policies that are designed to meet people's stomach problems and create livelihood opportunities, increase competitiveness, access to fair funding, which is the mission of every candidate. How many MPs? Mr. Korn said briefly, "We'll see," Mr. Suwat said if the Supreme Administrative Court decides on the demarcation of Bangkok elections on April 7, will it have an impact or not. It is not a matter of the party when asked if there will be a realignment of the strategy or if there is a change in constituencies. Mr. Suwat said that today all 33 districts will be launched, there will be no impact because the primaries are finished. But if there is a ruling that needs to change the form on the part of the party, it would be nothing, Mr. Suwat also said that he thinks the SAT already knows because this time it has to have 2 cards, the candidates have different numbers in the same party, but the same party number would have to publicize. As for the SEC, it has to publicize in the big picture. For its part, the party has designed it to avoid confusion, only waiting for April 3 to see what number the candidate gets, and April 4 to get the party number. There shouldn't be any problems on the part of MPs. When will the roster open? Mr. Suwat said that according to the calendar, he must apply for the partylist MPs on April 4, thinking that within 2 days it will be done by this election cycle. Mr. Suwat said he had not said yes or no, but he had to wait for the discussion because it was not yet the final stage and had to discuss who would be the prime minister's candidate and who would be on the party list. The party is confident in launching candidates whose leaders select candidates with knowledge, competence, quality, and the party's policies this time they think are relevant to the people of Bangkok and answer especially economic policies. Investment, Tourism and Environment Related News: Suwaj proposes to the NCPO sector at every stage of the state's bidding process.
"Big Fortress" Post the No. 1 party list to ensure the NCPO chooses, not claims to be elected.|Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party Post clarification on party list No. 1 and candidacy for Prime Minister Identify intentions as leaders in a democracy. Make sure the vote comes from the people, not lying to yourself about the election today (March 1, 2023). Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party Posting on Facebook to clarify the case for the No. 1 party list, he said, "In the past. I communicate to my brothers. The media and the public have understood my idea of why to go further through the 6 letters, which have already ended, and I appreciate the people's interest and search through Google in each issue, in total there are more than 10 million times, but during the election campaign, I will have to communicate with the people in a new way that will have to answer questions often, because there may be some matters related to me and the party, which should be answered to create understanding and prevent damage that may occur, but that does not mean that I will make a Facebook "Daily Fort". What will others think? Either way, let him think. He said. I'm only saying my part. I think so, starting with 2 ballots, choosing a party and choosing a district candidate, no ballot for the prime minister. I myself want to be the Prime Minister chosen by the people, if I am not a candidate, how can I be sure that the people elect me too? It's not someone else's ballot, and I'm just a byproduct. It has nothing to do with people's choices. So I chose to be the leader of the party. The party's No. 1 list MP candidate and prime minister candidate so that I can be confident that the vote The people elected me, I intend to be a leader in a democracy. I'm not sure that the score I got was the one that chose me. How can I feel "confidently graceful" leadership? I don't want to lie to myself about the people's choices.
Bangkok-SAT rehearses big candidates for elections, MPs confident with 100% ready|Bangkok - Bangkok Election Commission rehearses for candidates to elect MPs in Bangkok with 100% confidence and reiterates candidate documents must be complete The cheerleaders can come, but once they get their ID number, no carnival is allowed. If the applicant already knows that there are no qualifications or prohibited characteristics, then come and apply today (April 1, 2023). kajit chatchavanit The Permanent Secretary of Bangkok, together with Mr. Samran Tantipanich, Director of the Institute of Political and Electoral Development, inspected the rehearsal for the election of members of the House of Representatives in all 33 districts of Bangkok at West 2 Sports Building, Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japan). We are confident that there will be no problems because we have rehearsed many times and considered that the plan is 100% ready. The director of the Institute of Political and Electoral Development thanked Bangkok for supporting the election recruitment process and that the election recruitment process had been rehearsed many times. Today (April 1) is a rehearsal of the actual recruitment site. Review the admissions process accurately, and on the actual admissions day, there will be a host directing the admissions process to prevent confusion and mistakes. Remind candidates of 3 things, namely, documents supporting their candidacy under Sections 45 and 46 of the Election of MPs Act, which stipulates that candidates must be prepared in all cases. If it is not complete, the candidate must return to prepare and re-apply, the supporters of the candidate can come to the place of application, which is a constitutional right and freedom. Be careful of offences under Section 73(3) of the Election Law, prohibit the holding of festivities or extravaganzas, or once the candidate identification number has been obtained, refrain from these acts, the qualifications and prohibited characteristics of the candidate for election shall not be the duty of the Admissions Department to be examined intensively, but the duty of the Nomination Committee of each party according to the law. If any candidate knows that he is not qualified to be a candidate or has prohibited characteristics, there will be penalties under Section 151 of the Act, which, if elected, must be revoked and his privileges must be returned to the House of Representatives. If someone enters a symbolic political expression in the area, the authorities will assess the situation and must see if the act is considered an offense or an exercise of constitutional rights and freedoms. In case of early voter registration in the district and outside the district, but did not use the pre-election voting, then the actual election day returned to the front of the unit, but the list of names to be used to vote was not shown because the voter registration had already been prepared. On Sunday, April 2, the Office of the Election Commission will hold a rehearsal for the candidates of the House of Representatives on the list at Airawattana Building, Bangkok 2.
"Wattana" sends a letter of thanks to mourn his son "Eh-Chonmsawat"|"Wattana Aswame" believes in Samut Prakan progressively and continues to work strongly in national and local politics. Thank you Samut Prakan people for mourning their son "Ae-Chonmsawat" today (April 1, 2023). Mr. Wattana Aswame Your father, good evening, Aswame. Write an Open Letter After hearing the news of Mr. Chanmsawat's death, The contents of the letter indicate that Samut Prakan is progressing. "We shall move on," said our respected Samut Prakan brothers and sisters. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all Samut Prakan brothers and sisters for joining me in mourning my son. As a father, it's a great loss. Throughout the Samut Prakan brothers, giving their son and the Samut Prakan Group team the opportunity to work for the brothers continuously until the results are evident. "I would like to assure my brothers and sisters that the Samut Prakan Progressive Team will ask to work for our home, and will continue to work strongly, both locally and politically, and I will take care of it stronger and closer than ever." Rest assured, we will continue to work together. Uninterrupted and interrupted I'll work with all parties. With age and experience. I see that cooperation in both thought and action will help the country more and I will lead the Samut Prakan team forward. I would like to continue to ask for local and national opportunities, and thank you again for joining us in mourning. Good evening, Ashwame. My son.
Sitha reveals he failed to send MPs to all 400 districts due to failed primaries to vote in time|Sitha reveals 370 district MPs failed to vote in primaries Likening an election to boxing. If you don't care about the other side, there are 250 people who believe in joining hands to dismantle the old system today (April 1, 2023). Mr. Suphan Mongkolsuthee and Ms. Sidha Tiwari Prime Minister's candidacy on account of Thai Sang Thai Party boxing practice with Khao Sai Galaxy Khao Sai Galaxy Muay Thai Gym on Ratchadapisek Road together with the national children's boxing champion Yodpetch Ek and Yodpettonaisuphan said that supporting Thai sport as a soft power to attract tourists from around the world will help build the economy, improve quality of life and reduce inequality in Thailand, as well as distribute wealth to the communities surrounding the boxing camp. Souvenirs This is in line with the intention to promote SMEs and small people to be strong, as the foundation of the Thai economy, while Sitha said that the Thai Sang Thai Party is ready since no MPs have already proposed legislation to wait in parliament and sees that politics still has two poles. There are red corners, blue corners. If you put it firmly, don't look at it on the other side, there are already 250 people waiting. If we look at that, we will lose, but we have to do our best, holding hands tightly. We fight with fair rules and believe that we can fight no matter how many people we can," Sitha said, adding that the party could send 370 MPs because of the lack of primaries and noted that only some emerging parties submitted candidates. District MPs complete and do primaries in time to read other news "Thailand builds Thailand" Deploy "Sudarat-Suphan-Sitha" Down candidacy Prime "Big Fortress" Post to the party list No. 1 to be confident that the NCPO chooses, not claims from the election of Bangkok-SAT rehearsal to recruit MPs with 100% confidence.
Aswame Family Held a funeral watering ceremony - pray Abhidhamma "Eh-Chonmsawat" |Aswame Family Prepare 3,000 chairs at the courtyard outside to accommodate the public, while Gen. Prawit will come to attend the Abhidham prayer ceremony at 7 p.m. today (April 1, 2023) at White House on Chao Phraya Bay. Journalists reported that the family, politicians, celebrities from various circles, including Samut Prakan residents, attended the watering ceremony of Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame. The former president of the Samut Prakan Provincial Administration Organization in front of the house has set up 2 watering points using a tether down for the general public to attend the ceremony, which will be open to 20-30 people at a time to avoid disturbances, while in the courtyard outside, about 3,000 chairs have been prepared, as well as installed a large LED screen to broadcast the ceremony to those who attend. Many politicians paid tribute, such as Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra Former Prime Minister Mr. Sunthorn Pansangthong Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives, a member of the Samut Prakan Progressive Group, who is considered to be close to Mr. Chonmsawat because Mr. Chonmsawat has contributed to the push to get the position. The Deputy Prime Minister told the media that the Samut Prakan Progressive Group continues to work in politics both locally and nationally. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister, the head of the Power Pracharath Party, will come to attend the Abhidhamma prayer ceremony at 7.00 p.m. Read related news moving the body of "Ae Chonmsawat" back home for watering ceremony on April 1. 
"Big Pom" presided over the Abhidhamma prayer. First night |Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Become a secular president Abhidham prayer ceremony "Chanmsawat Aswame", former Samut Prakan Provincial Commissioner, on the first day at White House on Chao Phraya Bay. Samutprakarn Today (1 Apr 2023) Gen. Prawit arrived with Paiboon Nititawan, deputy leader of the Pracharath Party. Mrs. Trinuch Thienthong Minister of Education Mr. Santi Prompat, Deputy Minister of Finance R.A. Thammanat Prompapa, former Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives for the schedule of Abhidhamma prayer on Sunday, April 2 "No Abhidhamma Prayer" Monday, April 3 - Saturday, April 8 at 7.00 p.m. Pray Abhidhamma and pray Abhidhamma every Tuesday until the cremation ceremony is scheduled. The host asked for permission to refrain from receiving money for the event. Those who wish to make merit The host will make merit to carry on the spirit to various hospitals. Read related news "Ae Chonmsawat" dies at age 55 Aswame family Held a funeral watering ceremony - pray Abhidhamma "Eh-Chonmsawat" "Wattana" sent a letter of thanks to mourn his son "Eh-Chonmsawat" 
"Prawit" Facebook post "Leadership performance" doesn't have to be measured by "dbets."  |"Prawit" Facebook post "Leadership performance" doesn't have to be measured only by debating. Identify and exchange information privately with everyone. Today (2 Apr 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the Power Pracharath Party Facebook post The content is as follows: I thank you all for your honor and good wishes to me by inviting me to answer questions or debates in various forums as I am the leader of the party. The No. 1 party list and prime minister candidate of my party understands the goodwill and gives me such a good opportunity. I just ask you all to please understand me a little bit as well, I agree that the country should have the most knowledgeable "leader" to be the "most effective leader" in leading the country to prosperous development. Manage people's well-being The issue that I think should be exchanged is "effective leaders" by such meaning. "Measured by what?" culture The well-being of people in different countries must also be different in determining the "Leadership Effectiveness" indicators. But "speaking" is not the only way to make people aware of the competence, the effectiveness of leaders is in fact between "thoughts, words and actions" which are what humans use to communicate with others, with society, with the outside world. "Knowledge" with "speaking" is the least believable thing in political competition, especially in Western countries. Good leadership or not, popular to use "rhetoric discourse" as a measure of "debate" in the sense of "debate and rhetoric", so it is important as well as a social culture in which the mass media plays a role in influencing the direction of people's thoughts, and "debating" is a way in which the mass media plays an outstanding role. It's nothing more than demonstrating that a "politician" is "well-spoken and tactful at responding," which may not have anything to do with that politician's actual knowledge. "Leaders" who are not good at speaking or bad may have knowledge and abilities that are more suitable for the current situation of the country. An example of Thailand in the past is H.E. Gen. Prem Tinsulanonda, or broadly, the leader who made China prosperous, stepped up to a superpower. For example, President Xi Jinping does not have to show superior abilities by debating with anyone, perhaps because "speaking" is not the best show of who is more knowledgeable and effective than anyone else. There is no need to measure leadership performance with debating, especially in an era when everyone has many channels to communicate to the people. Communication of "thoughts, words, actions" to express "knowledge, abilities and efficiency" can be done according to the channels that suit the aptitude of each person's "volunteer leader" without the need to compete to overcome each other as a better argumentator. In the cultures of different countries, there are many things, if taken as "controversial issues", it creates more problems or expands the problem endlessly. Leaders who realize An expression that is appropriate for the country's progress. It should be expressed in encouraging "all parties" to be conscious of leading society to defeat Kakankan with increasingly intense election campaign arguments. Well, I've heard there's a nationally famous TV host. Announcing an invitation to me mid-air, I went to the debate. I am very grateful for the kind wishes you sent me. I choose to communicate with all of you in the way I think I can be as effective as possible. Thoughts and opinions, but let's talk privately. I'm always ready for all of you. Previously, I had exchanged. Talk to the media who contacted you. Some of you, then. For others. I'm looking forward to your availability as well, thank you for remembering me.
 "Metropolitan" ready to secure candidates for congressional election tomorrow |Metropolitan Police are ready to secure and manage traffic around the Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese). Candidates for the constituency election are scheduled for tomorrow (April 3). People are advised to avoid Mitmaitri Road along the entire road and Vibhavadi-Rangsit Road in parallel lanes today (April 2, 2023). Maj. Gen. Chokchai Ngamwong, Deputy The Chief Inspector went to the area to inspect and prepare. In the recruitment area to elect members of the House of Representatives. Bangkok Youth Center Thai-Japanese Area Din Daeng preliminary police prepare police force to take care of security Around the youth center, 35 officers and 1 crowd control battalion, or about 170 troops, will take care of the surrounding area in conjunction with the Bangkok authorities, while the inner area is the area of responsibility of the Bangkok authorities. Now there is preparation. The security and security have progressed 100% and we believe that the safety and order of the surrounding area will be maintained while the investigators have not yet found it. Incidents or movements from suspected groups that may cause disturbances but have already been deployed in the area, the primary traffic supervision division has deployed traffic police officers of Din Daeng police station and traffic police force of the traffic police division. Assisted in traffic supervision in front of the Bangkok Thai-Japanese Youth Center near Mitmaitri Road and Vibhavadi-Rangsit Road. In front of the Youth Center, 2 gates will be designated as pick-up points for applicants and supporters and parking is not allowed on both sides of the road in front for about 10 meters, and single-lane traffic along the route of Mitmaitri Rd. from Vibhavadi-Rangsit Rd. heading out to Din Daeng Road will be arranged for the most convenient pick-up and pick-up. In the parallel lane heading into the South Din Daeng Expressway. From morning to noon. Related News Bangkok - SAT rehearses big candidates for MPs election with 100% confidence
"Warawut" is ready to lead the NDP to run tomorrow to dread the NCPO confused people-party numbers|"Warawut" Yan "Thai Pattana" ready to apply for 100% MPs Won Sat Don't confuse people with ballot numbers and party numbers today (April 2, 2023) Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha The head of the Thai Patana Party said that all districts are now ready to submit candidates in both the district system and the list system of the Thai Patana Party, saying that all districts are now prepared in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Thai Patana Party. He will travel to Suphan Buri province to support the candidates in all 5 districts, everything is 100% ready, Mr. Warawut said, with the schedule for April 3, 2023, which is the day for the recruitment of members of the House of Representatives. He along with Mr. Praphat Pothasuthon, Secretary-General of the Thai National Development Party, led the team of candidates. The district MPs of Suphan Buri province are: District 1, Mr. Sorachat Sujit, District 2, Mr. Nattawut Prasertsuwan. District 3 Mr. Noppadol Matrasri District 4 Mr. Tiam Kan Thitham District 5 Mr. Praphat PotsuthonMr. Warawut said that the recruitment of district MPs in Bangkok is scheduled at 7.30 a.m. Mr. Nikorn Chamnong, Chairman of the Policy and Strategy Committee Thai Patana Party with Mr. Santi Kiranun, deputy leader of the Thai Pattana Party, will lead the party's Bangkok MP candidate to the West Sports Building, Thai-Japan Stadium. Din Daeng Mr. Warawut said that the day for the recruitment of members of the House of Representatives. On April 4, he, along with Mr. Prapat, will lead the list of candidates. List of MPs to the Airawattana Building Bangkok Metropolitan Administration Asked by reporters if he was worried that the ballots could confuse the public. Mr. Warawut said he thought the Election Commission (SEC) We must try to confuse the public. There are names, numbers, political party symbols, having two cards I think would be confusing enough. Numbers don't match can cause confusion. So what can help people reduce confusion? I think this is the most important thing.
"Pitha-Chaithawat-Sirikanya" 3 First, the "Moving Forward" party list. |"Go the extra mile" The top 94 candidates from the "Pitha-Chaithawat-Sirikanya" list hope to win more than 30 seats on the party list today (April 2, 2023). Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. It was revealed that the Progressive Party was the only political party to use the method of selecting candidates. The list of MPs or party lists by way of announcement of candidates and the submission of all lists to the Nomination Committee before the party executive committee shall consider the order of the list by selecting candidates according to the values and goals that the party believes in is good politics and good stomach. There is a future, and the supremacy belongs to the people. The list of MPs is therefore made up of political fighters. Human Rights Activist lawyer People who fight for local community rights, decentralization. Peace fighters in the three southern border provinces, campaigners for LGBT, disabled, ethnic, and stateless rights fighters Environmental Fighter Welfare state The battle over arable land Children's rights Support policies for the terminally ill and well-ill, as well as representatives of various economic groups. Taxi driver, freelancer Single mom People who are capable of the creative economy and digital economy will also be able to create a future for the country. There must be experts in urban economy, rural economy, soft power experts, data and big data experts, experts in new energy innovations, progressive students, artists, directors, photographers. Designers, experts in modern infrastructure and transport systems, the list of the top 30 progressive party MPs includes: Mix old and new. The top 3 names are Pitha Limcharoenrat. The leader of the far-right party and the only prime ministerial candidate of the far-right followed by Chaithawat. Judge Than, General Secretary of the party, and Sirikanya Tansakul, deputy leader of the party. The fourth and fifth most prominent policymakers are Sia Champatong, a former textile union that has been active in labour rights for a long time, with consensus from the labour wing to move forward with labour rights and raise the minimum wage, while Abhisit Chasattaru is a former director of the Creative and Design Center (TCDC) and Creative Economy Promotion Agency (CEA). Partylist MPs and intend to try to grab The list of MPs to get more than 30 seats, the leader of the far-right party said, also said that the list of MPs on the list does not focus on "technocrats". As many parties have noted, for example, those who joined the party's economic team. Even though he was an executive of the Bank of Thailand. The list of interesting "new" people is Sittipol Wiboonthanakul or "Dr. Chai", a guru of business economy, and Prith Watcharasindhu. Policy Communication Campaign Manager Progressive Party, Ramadan Panjor Human Rights Activist in 3 Southern Border Provinces, Karunpol Thiensuwan Deputy Party Spokesperson, Chaiwat Sathavornvijit Information Strategist, Poonsak Chanchampi, Environmental Engineer, Paramee Waijongcharoen or "Kru Zhuang" Among the "old" who are still in the top 20 are Viroj Lakkhanadisorn, Rangsiman Rome, Nattapong Ruangpanyawut, Nattawut Buapratum, Benja Sangchan, Tanyawat Kamolwongwat, Wayo Asavarungruang, Prasertpong Saranuwat and Manop Kiripuvadol.
"Moving forward" campaign in Pathum Thani province to promote the policy of "abolish military conscription" |"Chetwan" said that the candidate of the far-reaching party in Pathum Thani province went to the campaign area and upheld the policy of abolishing military conscription and reducing the size of the army. Today ( 2 Apr 2023) Mr. Chetawan Teuprakone said that the candidate of the far-reaching party in Pathum Thani province, District 6, Khu Khot and Lat Sawai districts. Lamlukka went to Lamlukka Subdistrict Municipality Office, which was used as a station to select excess soldiers to serve in the regular army or enlist in the military. Mr. Chetawan has asked for permission from the Inspector General of the Armed Forces. In order to distribute pub plates to introduce themselves to the people in the surrounding tents, but without permission, the event was held outside the office area at the entrance and exit, Mr. Chetawan said. Royal Thai Navy (1) In 2006, he was well aware of the problems of parents and siblings whose children were of military age and from the day he was enlisted until today, 17 years ago. Congressman Pornrak went a long way. Pathumthani also stated that the party's army reform policy went a long way. Not only is conscription abolished, but we are also reducing the size of the military. Modernize the army Reduced number of generals, and there was also the issue of abolishing military business.
"Thailand builds Thailand" announces that Thai people will win the 2-pole political war|"Sudarat" announces that Thailand will build Thailand as an outpost for all Thais Win the two-pole political war and unveil the candidate for District 12 today (April 2, 2023). At 10.00 a.m. at Tarang, Bangkhen Mrs. Sudarat Keyurapan Thai Sang Thai Party leader and Prime Minister candidate Suphan Mongkolsuthee, Deputy Head of Thai Sang Thai Party and Thai Sang Thai Party Prime Minister candidate Mr. Anudit Nagarthap, Deputy Party Leader and Director of Anti-Corruption Center Mr. Somchai Wesarachattrakul Executive Committee of the Thai Sang Thai Party Mr. Karoon Hosukon, leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party, together with Mr. Prawet Wallopbanharn Thai Sang Thai Party MP Candidate, Bangkok District 12 inaugurated the coordination center. The 12th constituency consists of Bang Khen, Tha Raeng, Sai Mai and Lat Phrao for Khet Bua. District 12 MP, Khun Sudarat said she was happy to be back home because she was the first MP in the area since 1992, but until now she has found that her brothers and sisters are still suffering, especially in the last 8 years. The brothers have more debts, electricity, gas bills are much more expensive. The cost of living is not enough to meet income because in the past 17 years there has been a power struggle and 2 coups d'état, so it is a time of real suffering for brothers and sisters, and no matter which side wins, the people have always been defeated and believe that this is the last war that will lead the country to a new crisis and conflict that is bigger and more violent than before and that the Thai Sang Thai Party will lead the people to good opportunities and economy, especially to solve debt problems and replenish capital for the people, Mr. Suphan said. Huge debt Most of them come from borrowing. Thai people lack access to capital, especially those who borrow to do business and trade, and face extremely high interest rates unlike big capital, which has the opportunity to access low-interest capital, which the Thai Build Thai Party will solve by creating a People's Credit Fund or the Little People's Fund to help the people. In case of lack of emergency funds, you can borrow to set yourself up and build a business without collateral. You can borrow from 5,000 baht to 50,000 baht with a low interest rate of no more than 1% per month. There is also a policy of free education until the completion of a bachelor's degree without debt. The SEC can come out and work faster. In addition, the Thai Sang Thai Party has issued one law to suspend more than 1,400 licenses and approvals to allow people to make a living. There are enormously wealthy people, but there are also 20 million people who accept the poor card. One important factor is corruption, which modern comes in the form of policies today, everyone is struggling. Because the government pursues policies that do not see people's heads, such as setting higher electricity prices continuously. By reasonable electricity bills. However, people currently have to pay 4.77 baht per unit for electricity, making government policies in this manner erroneous, flawed and may imply policy corruption, Sitha said. He has many experience working with MPs of the party, such as Anudit Nagarthap. Mr. Karoon Hosakul is a man of agility. Knowledgeable and talented, loved by the people. Therefore, the Thai Sang Thai Party intends to send to take care of the brothers in District 12 at the request of the brothers, so it leaves the workers of the Thai Sang Thai Party to be servants, the reporter reported. In tomorrow's election. Madam Sudarat with Every candidate for Prime Minister of the Thai Sang Thai Party will lead the candidate. The party's MPs in Bangkok run for election in person, while in other provinces the party leadership is led by the party's executives and leaders. It is considered ready for election battles.
#เลือกตั้ง66 Energetic! Political party leader leads candidate team for Bangkok district|This morning (April 3) Political parties travel to Thai-Japanese stadium Din Daeng Register for Bangkok MP Khuekkhak Multi-party to create selling points for traveling with energy-saving vehicles that are environmentally friendly today (April 3, 2023) Reporters report on the recruitment atmosphere for district MPs at West 2 Sports Building, Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese) The Din Daeng area is very active. After the Election Commission (SEC) Open Application Across the country for the first day, all parties, including all relevant departments, started preparing at dawn. Let's start with the landlord. Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok He inspected the recruitment process of Bangkok MPs around the West 2 Sports Building and stated that the important thing of the election must be credibility, while at 5.30 a.m., 2 EV buses led the candidates. Proud Thai MPs arrived at the party office and at 6.15 a.m. marched to the Thai-Japan Stadium, Din Daeng. Headed by Mr. Puttipong Punnakan Bangkok Election Director of Proud Thai Democratic Party Ms. Watanya Bunnag or Madame Deere riding an electric scooter and Mr. Suchatchawee Suwansawat Riding an electric motorcycle Leading candidates for congressional districts in 33 districts to apply for There are also tuk-tuks and electric buses, Doab said, because they want to raise the issue of electric power. Energy saving and PM2.5 solution policy Before 6 a.m., the candidate of the For the Nation Party in Bang Khun Thian district registered as the first candidate and believed that this election would be more lively than the previous Bangkok governor election. Geyurapan The leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party and the Prime Minister's candidacy led a team of candidates from all 33 districts of Bangkok to the Thai-Japanese Youth Center to encourage all candidates to fight forward to victory. Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat Speaking to the media before marching to the polling place, the party leader said that he was ready for more than a hundred candidates who had been campaigning for more than a year and wanted to catch the number 9 so that they could campaign in a nine-page fashion. Go the extra mile Read related news "Tawan" to Thailand-Japan Stadium Demanding the release of youth Case No. 112
"Tawan" to Thai-Japan Stadium Demanding the release of youth Case No. 112|Tawan and his friends went to Wet Stadium to recruit Bangkok MPs to demand the release of youths M.112 while being sandwiched all the time today (April 3, 2023) Miss Tawan Tuatulanon The political activist and 3 friends came to Wet 2 Sports Building, Thai-Japan Stadium, Din Daeng. Where to recruit MPs to come Calling on all political parties that will be running for election today, to release the 15-year-old youth who are in jail under Section 112 and to release the accused who are in jail under Section 112 and to consider how these issues should be resolved, Ms. Tawan affirmed that the trip today to symbolically raise plaques peacefully will not have any violence as happened at the Pracharath Party's speech stage. And if there is an opportunity to talk, it will be good as the police officers come to take care of the order between the activist representatives. Symbolically show by standing opposite in the back, at all times.
"Korat" bustling candidates pay homage to Ya Mo before going to the lottery to wait for the queue for MPs.|The Korat congressional candidate paid homage to Ya Mo early in the morning. Before going to the first day of the election for MPs who opened today, all parties were confident. Get your seats as expected today (3 Apr 2023) Morning atmosphere at Nakhon Ratchasima Leaders of many political parties led candidates from the district system to pay homage to Thao Suranari Monument or Ya Mo for the auspicious worship of Ya Mo of each political party, starting at 5.09 a.m. The party's general secretary led all 16 candidates from 16 constituencies and supporters to pay homage to Ya Mo and pray for a landslide victory in the entire province. At 5.30 a.m., the candidate for MP from the Power Pracharath Party Led by Mr. Virat Rattanaseth, he led the candidates to pay homage to Ya Mo, with MPs from both parties greeting each other.Mr. Wirat stated that he is confident as the party that won 6 out of 14 districts in 2019 that it will be able to retain the title of the political party with the most MPs in Nakhon Ratchasima province. This ensures that at least the Buddhist monks will be able to retain the seats of MPs in all 6 districts after the Ya Mo worship ceremony is completed. Candidates from both parties went to file papers. Candidate for the House of Representatives District system at National Chai Hall, 80th Anniversary Stadium, which is about 10 kilometers for April 3 as the first day. In the candidacy for the House of Representatives. The application will be open from April 3-7.Read related news "Tawan" to Thailand-Japan Stadium Demanding the release of youth Case No. 112#Election 66 Energetic! Political party leader leads candidate team for Bangkok district
"Suvaj" Expect Pattanaklao - Korat to get 4 districts "Anutin" coming at 08.30 am.|"Suwat" leads the team "Chatpattanaklao" Korat bows to Ya Mo before going to apply for 4 districts, "Anutin" will come at 08.30 a.m. and go to pay homage to Ya Mo today (April 3, 2023) at 06.39 a.m. Chairman of the Party Lead candidate MP Sakkar Thao Suranari Mr. Suwat said that although the party could not decide how many districts the party would win in the elections, he expected to win MPs seats in four constituencies because he was confident that people would trust the party's economic policies and work to prepare for the election battle. All 3 candidates went to submit their papers. Candidate for the House of Representatives At 8.30 a.m., Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, went to Nakhon Ratchasima province with candidates for the election of Proud Thai Party MPs in all 16 districts of Nakhon Ratchasima province at the 80th Anniversary Stadium in Nakhon Ratchasima province to go through the process of checking application documents. Draw numbers for each constituency and then at 11 a.m. will lead a procession of candidates who have already received all the numbers. Travel to pay homage to Thao Suranari Monument (Lanyamo), Nakhon Ratchasima Province.
Warm! "Chiang Rai" recruits deciduous MPs "Father sends son" to fight election |The atmosphere on the first day! Chiang Rai bustling family of famous former MPs Send your child to the 2023 election battle. Energetic, warm, embracing, encouraging. While the supporters were wearing party shirts, Today (3 Apr 2023) Reporters reported that the recruitment climate for zonal MPs in the north Especially in large provinces, the atmosphere is quite bustling and warm. Although the North has been struggling with standard PM2.5 for days, supporters are still coming to support the candidate. Hold up the banner and, most importantly, wear the shirt according to the party colors for recruitment. Chiang Rai MPs this morning have supporters waiting to cheer. Access is only in front of the main auditorium, Chiang Rai police station. Chiang Rai SAT Applications open at 8:30 a.m. by area. Chiang Rai province is another big election field in the north up to 7 people, this competition is fierce because both the former MPs have to retain the area and the MPs move the party, and it is an important voting base for the National Party, and the Chiang Rai stadium is very interesting because the former MPs have both moved parties and sent their heirs to run this time in District 1, Muang District, the former champion. "Doctor Ek" Universe Special Perseverance Move to wear the shirt to be proud of Thailand, a major competitor for Thailand "Tonnam" Capt. Eakathanarat Jongsudthanamanee  Luk Nang Rattana, former Prime Minister and MP for Chiang Rai and Wanchai Chiang Rai City Mayor and Progressive Party "Director Pan" Chitwan Chinanuwat "Former Director of Chiang Rai United Thailand Build Thailand "Apichit Sirichai" and District 6 Mae Sai Former Champion Peeradej Khamsamut "Proud Thai, Old Rival for Thailand Mr. Ittidej Kaew Luang, Pheu Thai Party, former MP for Chiang Rai several times Hoping for revenge for the special eye of District 5, Ting district, former MP for Thailand, Mr. Rangsan Wanchaithanawong This time, I wore a Thai pride shirt. See if you can bond with the people of Phaya Meng Rai Khun Tan because Mr. Rangsan is an old MP for Thailand in Chiang Rai. In other districts, the big house, such as the "Tejatheerawat" family, which has a former MP for Thailand, also sent Wisaradee and Mr. Vikram Techathirawat to District 3 and District 4, or the Tiyapairaj family in District 2. Piyaratcha Tiyapairaj Mr. Yongyuth's daughter, a former minister, replaces Laong. Tiyapairath In addition, the voting base is also the base of the National Party. Mr. Yongyut Tiyapairath's daughter, who sits as the head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, a 7-candidate candidate from Chiang Rai province, came to the first team to "focus on anti-corruption policies". The SAT opens to the application area at 07.00 a.m. 1 applicant, 2 accompanying persons, 10,000 baht application fee. In the government of Gen. Chawalit Yongjaiyuth, former Commerce Minister, candidate for Unite Thailand to build the nation No. 7 at the 80th Anniversary Commemoration Park in Chiang Mai. Recruitment point for members of the House of Representatives zoning Chiang Mai province on the first day Candidates from various political parties began to crowd out at the open venues. There are supporters from many parties waiting to cheer on the candidates, while Lampang province uses Chanpha Auditorium, Rajabhat University. Lampang The atmosphere on the first day was bustling from the morning when candidates from political parties gradually came down to the time when the staff and supporters of the candidates came to cheer each other continuously. Director of Lampang He revealed that he is ready for this general election because there have been rehearsal meetings in the past and all preparations have been made in order to make this election pure and fair.Read related news#election66 Energetic! Political party leader leads candidate team for Bangkok district 
"Cho" brings "far ahead" application at Khon Kaen Confirm as a representative of the NCPO - not take advantage|"Cho Pannika" leads Khon Kaen MP candidate to advance Take an oath in front of Khon Kaen Democracy Monument before holding the number. He pointed out that the power will not take advantage of himself and is always a servant of the people today (April 3, 2023). Miss Pannika Vanich, the party's campaign assistant with Mr. Apichart Sirisoonthorn, candidate for the 6th list of MPs of the Far Step Party and candidates for 11 Khon Kaen districts, gathered in front of the Khon Kaen Democracy Monument to take the oath of office before applying Apichart MP as leader takes oath Stated that I propose to be a representative of the Khon Kaen people. I declare it in front of the Democracy Monument. The ancestors of Khon Kaen people together built it. In the beginning of Thai democracy, if I was trusted by my Khon Kaen brothers and sisters to become a representative of the people, I would act as a representative of the people who owned the country. It is not the power to take money or the allies, but it will be a voice for those who are voiceless, a hand and a foot for brothers and sisters who fight oppression from those in power, will serve the people faithfully, and always appreciate the gratitude of the people when they take the oath. All candidates placed red roses, symbolizing the people's struggle against oppressors, at the base of the Democracy Monument. Then, they waved the flag of the Step Forward Party and announced the slogan "Khon Kaen Go Further. Thailand is progressing," Ms. Pannika said in an interview about her readiness for the election, saying that this time the party is much more ready than the new future. The MP has shown the people over the past 4 years that even in opposition, he can work to solve problems for his brothers, especially the land. Executive Committee and Party List No. 6 of the Party Khon Kaen has served as the chairman of the Land Commission. Received nearly a thousand complaints from citizens. It alleviates the suffering of brothers and sisters throughout the country a lot. Today, the party is not only a trend, but a clear proof of its work to the people. Candidates have plenty of time to campaign. Many people have been working continuously since the 2019 election, so they believe that the Progressive Party will gain trust in many districts of Khon Kaen.
"Oung-ing" announces full fight, reiterates goal to move forward with land slide|"Miss Paethongtarn" encourages Bangkok MP candidates to accept the number as an important factor because it is 2 ballots and different numbers. Must communicate clearly to the public. The Lanceslide goal remains the same today (April 3, 2023). Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family for Thailand, traveled to support candidates for all 33 districts of Bangkok at the Thai-Japan Stadium. He revealed that candidates in all 33 districts of the Pheu Thai Party are very well together. How many seats will be won depends on the people, and the Pheu Thai Party will go ahead with the campaign in full swing in the remaining days, while the candidacy for Bangkok MP today is the first time to experience the atmosphere. Be excited on behalf of the candidates to see what number each person will get. And reiterate that the Lanceslide goal remains the same. She also thanked all polls that the Pheu Thai Party, both candidates and the party, had a lead, but if for Thailand, they were not careless because anything can happen. Acknowledging that the number is an important factor in the campaign because once you get the number, you will be able to communicate correctly with the people because this election is 2 ballots and different numbers, so there must be clear communication so that people can come out and vote and choose the party they like without worry. Personally, I don't have a number in mind or a lucky number because no matter what number I get, I work hard as well. If people only remember the number of the Pheu Thai Party, Ms. Paethongtarn also mentioned that she was not on the Pheu Thai Party's party list because she intended to make a clear separation between the legislature and the executive. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Stating that the prime minister's candidacy must come from that MP, each party has its own way of moving forward. Therefore, we will continue to do what we intend to do and believe in the democratic approach of the Pheu Thai Party.Read related news#election66 Energetic! Political party leaders lead team of candidates for Bangkok district MPs aim to reclaim the chair of Bangkok MPs to solve dust-flood-mouth "Suwat" Expect Pattanaklao - Korat to get 4 districts "Anutin" coming at 08.30 am.
NCPO aims to reclaim MP's chair to fix dust-flood-mouth|Ongarn Sujashvir Madame Deere Bringing candidates for 33 Bangkok constituencies to run for election, asking city people to give them a chance to reclaim their seats, upholding policies to solve PM2.5 dust, flooding and people's mouths today (April 3, 2023) Recruitment Atmosphere for District MPs at West 2 Sports Building, Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese) Deputy leader of the Democratic Party, Suchathavee Suwansawat and Watanya Bunnag or Madame Deer, who led the candidate for Bangkok MP to come to the polls, said that every time he submitted his candidacy, he wanted the candidate to win every district. He said he respected the decision of the people who expressed their opinions through polls, but in these 40 days, if given the opportunity to show their commitment and propose beneficial policies, he believes that the people will give the party a chance and return to the people's favourites. Bangkok again on Sujashvir's side. Suwansawat said that every policy is listened to from the people, especially PM 2.5 dust and flooding that aims to solve the problem. Toxic dust Oral and Educational Meanwhile, Watanya Bunnag or Madame Deere said she was 100% confident and insisted that she had selected the best candidate but could reclaim the seat of the MP in 33 districts. The answer is with the people of BangkokRead related news "Ung-ing" announces full fight, reiterates goal to move forward with landslide #election66 Energetic! Political party leader leads candidate team for Bangkok district MP "Pitha" confident of 3 strengths to help win 33 seats Bangkok MP
"Pitha" confident of 3 strengths to win 33 seats Bangkok MP|"Pitha" Leading the army "go far" to run for MPs in all 33 districts of Bangkok amid supporters, confident of 3 strengths to help win the chair today (April 3, 2023) Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. Set a goal to send candidates. The party's MPs in all 33 districts of Bangkok for 3 reasons: 1) in 2019 the popular vote was number 1 and 2) the MP got a good score and 3) whether our MP or MP did better than the candidate has been working for about 2-3 years, unlike when the New Future Party only performed for 2 months. Mr. Pitha said that he is now 100 ready because he is the leader of the Progressive Party, the No. 1 list of the party and the candidate of the Prime Minister of the party, Mr. Pitha said, "I will become a new consensus and a new normal that will happen in Thailand. I can live abroad and upcountry. Experience in both council and private sector I will enact policies with the understanding of the private sector, with over 1,400 laws that hinder our party from being eliminated to reduce corruption.
"Prawit" said he didn't have a number in mind yet, but asked for a single number. Lean not to participate in the debate.|"Gen. Prawit" came to support the candidates for Bangkok MPs in 33 districts, saying that he still does not have a number in mind. Cause, not a debater. Confirming that the number one party list is not down for grace, but for the party today (3 April 2023) at 07.57 am. As head of the Pracharath Power Party, Arrived at the Thai-Japanese Youth Center in Din Daeng to cheer on 33 candidates for Bangkok district and stated that he was not excited. It's normal. The goal is the same. 12 seats, while 12 additional seats will be assessed first. The number can be anything. Just one number. I don't have a lucky number in mind, and the political climate now feels more energetic, more motivated or given, it's the same. We do it for the people. He did not think anything of the case of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. prime minister Let me think about getting on the Debate stage. Will not the debate upset the campaign? Gen Prawit said that because he was not a debater. As for whether there is a chance to change it in or not. It's my business. It's not about you for a group of youth politically active and clashing with the Guards of the Pracharath Party. I have told the party, people who think differently in politics can think, but the Thai people must be united, love each other, have harmony, which is a policy to overcome conflict. We are not angry with each other, Gen. Prawit said. Whether or how many MPs 400 constituencies will come first or will be up to the people. Satisfied to choose whoever is okay. Related News: #เลือกตั้ง66 Energetic! Leader of political party leads candidate team for Bangkok district "Suwat" Expect the Pattanaklao - Korat to get 4 districts "Anutin" come at 08.30 a.m. "Ung-ing" announced to fight hard, reiterating the goal to move forward the land slide.
"Nakhon Si" parade to pay homage to His Majesty the King, the leader of the party cheered vigorously.|Nakhon Si Thammarat applicant Bustling to pay homage to the pagoda before dawn, hoping to reach the recruitment center before anyone else. Meanwhile, leaders of each party came to support the candidates today (April 3, 2023). Candidate for election as a member of the House of Representatives of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province From many political parties, such as the Democratic Party, who came as the first group, in addition to having candidates in all 10 constituencies, there was also Mrs. Kanokporn Detdecho. President of Nakhon Si Thammarat Provincial Administration Organization The mother of Mr. Chaichai Decha, Deputy Secretary-General of the Democratic Party, came to support the Thai National Building Party, led by Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkongchana. Leader of the Pracharath Party The Proud Thai Party gathered from all 10 constituencies of Nakhon Si Thammarat, along with many supporters such as Rangsiman Rome, the leader of the Progressive Party, to support the candidates by gradually coming to pay homage to the pagoda. Coordinators from each party coordinated with temple officials to open the temple gates to worship the Buddha from 6.00 a.m. before traveling to the admission center before 8.00 a.m. at the Suan Somdet Phra Srinagarindra City Hall. 84 With officials of the SAT preparing to apply in unison Read related news "Pitha" confident 3 strengths to help win 33 seats Bangkok MPs warm! "Chiang Rai" recruits deciduous MPs "Father sends son" to fight election battle "Suwat" Expect Pattanaklao - Korat to get 4 districts "Anutin" coming at 08.30 am.
"Dr. Wong" Yan fights hard to win the chair of Bangkok MP to promote clean energy - fight cheating|DR. WORONG DEJKITVIKROM Thai Phakdi Party Leader Leading Bangkok MP candidates to run for election, upholding clean energy policies from Napier grass and cracking down on corruption Today (3 Apr 2023) Recruitment Atmosphere for District MPs at West 2 Sports Building, Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese) Din Daeng District Dr. Worong Dejkitvikrom Thai Phakdi Party Leader Arrived with the candidate for Bangkok MP and brought Napier grass with him, saying that Napier grass or national salvation grass, which will lead to the transition to clean energy of the country for people to know, which the party announced a policy of 2.50 baht per unit to produce cooking gas. 225 baht per bucket, 750 baht per bucket of fertilizer, Dr. Worong indicated whether the cheating was right or left. I don't know, but do the right thing because corruption is a problem in Thai society. It led to the dominance of political parties and governments. Thai Phakdi thus declared its heart is to crack down on cheating and has clear measures, the leader of the Thai Phakdi Party He also stated that the "polarity" story is tried to mislead the people, but the party defines itself as the righteousness of the leader of the Thai Phakdi Party. Saying the reason for sending the candidate for Bangkok MP that Bangkok is the capital city, there are new interested people with heart and ideology must accept that Bangkok is the heart and lead to change the country. We have to fight hard.
PTT raises policy strengths and sends candidates to fight Bangkok elections|"Buddhipong" Proud Thai Party team leader ready to fight for election of 33 Bangkok MPs, both new and old Confidence in policy practicality, strengths to help win election today (April 3, 2023) Reporters report on the recruitment atmosphere for district MPs at West 2 Sports Building, Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese) Din Daeng DistrictMr. Puttipong Punnakan The head of the Bangkok team of the Proud Thai Party said that the candidate for the Bangkok area this time even though there has never been MP Bangkok But this is the strength of the party and as a new party it can push 8 existing MPs and over 20 new candidates into the electoral field. If you are still in a party that has a candidate or network, it will be difficult to push new candidates like this, so are the policies that are considered a strength because many policies are not pushed concretely. This time, the Proud Thai Party Myself and the whole team. Arguing many times about what each policy is and whether it can be done or not, which is the first party to propose policies before other parties in Bangkok, many things we have to do, such as EVs. We're not saying we will, but we've already done 1,200 cars, like the Proud Thai Party has done, and to reduce the burden of electricity bills, the party has a policy to bring solar roofs to every house to help reduce electricity bills. 450THB/household 
"Thailand builds Thailand" as a way to save the country - end bipolar politics|Leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party Declare the people to victory and the nation to survive. It must end the two-pole politics that have plagued the country for 17 years today (April 3, 2023). Mrs. Sudarat Keyurapan The leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party said that the election fight is fully ready and that the people decide what to choose depends on what the party presents. He reiterated that the purpose of setting up the party is different from other political parties because the Thai Build Thai Party is not coming to win itself or to gain power and divide the ministry and then cheat but the intention to see the problem and the people give hope to ask for help. Do not take dictatorship, and do not take political parties that create conditions that will cause conflict. Therefore, a new party like Thailand creates a Thailand with people with experience and old heart. It will truly be a way of salvation for the country. Because Thailand is not anyone's opponent, I want people to think outside the box. Choose an old party, when faced with problems, it may be harder than before. Insist that we will lead the people to win and save the country because the party has skilled people with good policies that can make the Thai people win. Having a good quality of life and having money in his pocket that Tung has read related news"Pitha" confident 3 strengths to help win 33 seats Bangkok MP raises policy strengths and actually works ready to send candidates to fight the Bangkok election field "Morworong" leans to fight hard for the Bangkok MP chair Chu Clean Energy - Defeat Cheating
"Prayuth" not worried about election 66, ready to fight "Prawit" in a political way|"Prayuth" is not worried about the election 66, ready to fight "Prawit" like a political one. Why not join the RTSC party list today (April 3, 2023)? Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister As chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTTC), he gave an interview before going in to cheer that the candidate The Bangkok MP, who is a candidate for the 2023 zonal election, said that the atmosphere was bright and I saw people and candidates of different parties coming, most of whom knew how to greet each other because we did it for the country. This election was discussed in the NTSC from the beginning. I'm not worried about having plans to do things. I've been doing a fair amount of political work. I want you to understand why the NTSB happened. Why am I here? How is the situation in the country? Not everything is bad or good. We're going to have to keep going. Whether today or tomorrow, Gen. Prayuth said, "Let everyone think of the nation, the religion, the king and the people, that is our goal. Nothing can change in one day, he said, "For years, I knew what I could do. And more importantly, if we stay and then continue because we do it, Gen. Prayuth said the issue of why not go on the party list that we have to see if it is necessary or not. What is my role, not just in politics, which I always have, but in other duties? Don't I have a homework assignment for the Debate stage? What you don't do is not go on stage to clarify within a few minutes. This nationwide election, the party leader has already prepared each region, each district, everyone has already given guidelines to the people to see that what they want to happen, that has not yet been born, is done to Mr. Peeraphan. Salirat Wiphak, head of the RTTC, said that there are few parties that the people of Bangkok supported in the past, that the people supported more than party policies. Focus on national institutions, religion, monarchy, these are what the people want. The people want an honest party. Gen. Prayut Ma This party definitely has an honest prime minister.
"Seri Pisut" Chu cracks down on cheating Pull people to vote "Seri Ruam Thai"|Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes Uphold anti-cheating policy He hopes to draw people to vote for the Seri Ruam Thai Party and send MPs to all 400 districts nationwide today (April 3, 2023). Recruitment Atmosphere for District MPs at West 2 Sports Building, Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese) Din Daeng District Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes Leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party He said he had sent MPs to run in all 400 districts across the country. Found to be disqualified 1 person, so today 1 new primaries voted, Pol. Gen. Sereepisut said that this time the problem is more difficult, but the last 4 years have more results. If the old rules were used, it was certain that it would definitely exceed 30 seats, but now it is 2 tickets, asking the people to support the selection of both district and party candidates. In the area, Bangkok believes that the vote will improve and will campaign to meet with the people until close to the election day. How many seats are MPs, including the whole country? Expecting a little more MPs, Pol Gen Seri Pisut said the anti-cheating policy was part of the decision to vote for the party. Therefore, we have to talk to the Cabinet, government officials and people that they must join the ideology of "diligent, economical, honest, self-reliant" in order to properly arrange the budget. Reducing manpower rates and cutting unnecessary budgets for submarines. warship Fighter planes, tanks.
"Riding a scooter and wearing an ancient warrior costume" Election Colors 2023|Colourful candidates for the first day of congressional elections Promoting the concept of riding an EV and riding a scooter to help reduce traffic problems - PM2.5 dust Saranavut riding a horse dressed in ancient warrior costume to recruit MPs in Uttaradit The NHRC carried a king cobra until it had to be stored for safety. The atmosphere of the first day of the election of MPs across the country, many parties have created a memorable image and created a color as well as the supporters who gathered together. Some parties have been waiting since the doors of the venue have not yet opened, starting from West 2 Sports Building, Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese). Recruitment points for MPs from 33 districts in Bangkok Election 2023 Different selling points to solve traffic jams. Flooding, car dust, PM2.5Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The leader of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, Mr. Peeraphan Saliratwiphak, and his party members rode in floats with supporters, with Gen. Prayuth holding up his hands and revealing the election asking everyone to think of the nation, religion, the king and the people. Pointing out that nothing has changed in just one day, the picture that many political parties have seen so they carry their party members and MPs candidates on EV buses. The leader of the party went a long way, as did the Proud Thai Party. Mr. Puttipong Punnakan Bangkok Election Director Mahanakorn Proud Thai Party rides 2 EV buses ready to carry prospective candidates Proud Thai Party MPs arrived at the party office and marched to the Thai-Japan-Din Daeng stadium at 6.15 a.m., while strong girl "Madame Deer" at 5.49 a.m. Watanya Bunnag or Madame Deere riding an electric scooter. Riding an electric motorcycle led the candidates for 33 congressional districts to be recruited. There are also tuk-tuks and electric buses. Energy saving electricity and upholding the policy to solve PM 2.5 dust problem. Thai Phakdi Party Leader Arrived with Bangkok MP candidate and brought Napier grass for former Uttaradit MP Saranavut Saranket. The Ruam Thai Nation Building Party did not disappoint, "riding horses" and dressed in traditional warrior costumes. On the back, there are 2 steel swords that resemble the double swords of Phraya Pichai, a broken sword. Submit your application for Uttaradit MP District 3 of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party at the community hall. Khon Kaen province, which is designated as a candidate point for zonal elections. mohammed abbasi Candidate for Khon Kaen Congress, Power Pracharath Party He brought a king cobra and a python around his neck. Bring sponsors into the recruitment area. Shocking and colourful candidates from all political parties, Khon Kaen MP and Mr. Supachai Lee Khao Sung Permanent Secretary of Khon Kaen Province, including officials. The SAT has come to clarify the regulations and requested that the snakes be removed from the recruitment area immediately to ensure safety for the first day of recruitment. After admission at the West 2 Sports Building is completed. While Mr. Pitha led the candidate. Bangkok MP went to Wat Phra Kaew and Puttipong Punkant Bangkok Election Director Proud Thai Party Bring Proud Thai Party MPs on an EV ride to pray for sacred things to win the war. Read related news #election66 Energetic! Political party leader leads candidate team for Bangkok district MP "Mor Wong" leans to fight hard for Bangkok MP chair to promote clean energy - fight cheating  
"Trang-Pattani" recruits MPs on the first day of "Den-Tawee" to cheer|The election field is bustling, Trang supporters in all 4 districts come to cheer crowded. Pattani Den Toh Meena came to cheer her daughter up. Let's cheer on the team today (April 3, 2023) at the Gymnasium Building, Thung Chaeng Stadium, Trang-Sikao Road. Thap Thiang This is the place to recruit MPs in all 4 districts of Trang province. The atmosphere is bustling. Early in the morning by the parking area in front of the building. Cars with campaign signs and amplifiers were installed where candidates from each of the four districts came to the area early in the morning to prepare for the launch of the candidates after hundreds of supporters. Accompanied by a garland of marigolds, waiting around their necks to cheer on their candidates. Meanwhile, candidates from each political party that submitted candidates in all 4 districts, such as the Power Pracharath Party. Ruam Thai Nation Building Party Proud Thai Party Democratic Party Progressive Party All of them arrive at the application location before the application time. 08.00 a.m. It is expected that there will be about 10 candidates for today's application, the director of each district will draw a lottery list of candidates to determine the lottery winners first-come, first-served and then the second time for the lottery. To find the application sequence number by yourself, which if qualified as an applicant, it will be the applicant identification number. In their own campaign, Pattani province. The atmosphere is very lively. Candidates from all 5 districts of each party arrived early in the morning. Applications open at 8:30 a.m. Want to get a number of top candidates in addition to each party's candidates. The trip was also celebrated amid cheering crowds holding banners for each candidate. Each party came to cheer overwhelmingly Proud Thai Party there. Mr. Den Toomena, former Interior Minister The father of Dr. Petchdao Toh Meena, candidate for District 1, also came to cheer with the Democratic Party. There's Lt. Col. Tawee's surveillance. The General Secretary of the Prachachart Party came to support the candidates of the party in person to build confidence among the party members to win all the MPs seats in Pattani provinceRead related news"Pitha" confident of 3 strengths to help win 33 seats Bangkok MP "Thai Build Thai" Let's be a way to save the country - end politics 2 poles of PTT to raise policy strengths and send candidates to fight the election in Bangkok. 
"Pitha" leads a team of candidates for MPs in 33 Bangkok districts on a speech bus after capturing the number|Congressman steps aside to get on speech bus after grabbing candidate's number Bangkok District Councillor "Pitha" He pointed to this election as an opportunity to create change and the party has an advantage over the future today (April 3, 2023). Candidates from all 33 constituencies boarded a convoy promoting their candidates' numbers through the streets of Bangkok. After drawing the numbers of candidates for each district MP from all political parties. For Bangkok's constituency, start from West 2 Sports Building and follow the path to Victory Monument, Ari, Parliament Building, Sansen, Grand Palace. It ends at the Democracy Monument before the procession begins. Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the Progressive Party said that the candidates of the Progressive Party's MPs have now got their numbers. This election cycle is complicated because one ballot is a party and the other is a district. Therefore, it must be publicized in advance that for applicants, everyone is asked to remember the number. As for the party, the ballot will already have the logo and name of the party, after this the progressive party will focus on simplifying the campaign. It is convenient for the public to remember. Not confusing and not boring. It will try to make politics fun and hopeful for the people, for the campaign strategy will focus on talking about the main policies that resonate with the people to suit each area so that people remember what number each district MP candidate of the party gets. What will the first 100 days of the policy do? He said that what makes the party move forward has an advantage over the new future. Most of the applicants have had the opportunity to work in the area for more than 2 years. The crisis of expensive Low wages and problems, all of which have helped people solve problems in each area. There are different proposals and solutions that are on the spot and solve the root cause, ensuring that the candidates of the far-reaching party will not face problems in being remembered. Definitely liked and trusted by the people in the election. The leader of the party went a long way. Led 33 Bangkok MPs to campaign across Bangkok through Victory Monument, Parliament House, Grand Palace and Democracy Monument, along with Mr. Viroj Lakkhanadisorn, MP candidate, Roster and Mr. Pijarn Chaopattanawong. A former MP from the far-right party list who did not make the party list this time round to help campaign for Mr. Pitha's candidate, said he intended to come to the Democracy Monument because Thailand's democracy is not yet in full swing and the party wants to volunteer to solve the country's problems under the concept of "good politics, good stomach, good future". Therefore, a weak democracy makes Thailand unable to concentrate on solving economic problems. Mr. Pitha said that the campaign is halfway through and with more than 40 days left, it has been well received by people from all regions, not just in Bangkok. The Progressive Party is confident that many people want change, because if it is the same, it will be the same. Now I think people want a new generation to use it, whose candidates are diverse. Specializing in each area is a young, energetic person who can work however. The Progressive Party has a strategy to preserve the old district. New districts and districts with existing owners are added. The Progressive Party came in second place, which was found to be less than 5 percent defeated, so the Progressive Party will definitely cheer up. Open mind not to party list a lot of work reasons, stay less than 2 years, there is "Peeraphan" representative "Prawit". I don't have a number in mind, but I wish I had a single number. Yan refuses to join DBET, warns MPs to get "don't campaign" number 7 April wins zoning court 
SAT warns MPs to get "don't campaign" number 7 April wins zoning court  |The SAT is satisfied with the first day of recruitment for MPs, waiting for another 7 days for qualification examination. Don't campaign for a carnival. Waiting for the court to hear the district on April 7. Today (3 Apr 2023) Mr. Thitichet Abdullah Member of the Election Committee (SEC) Revealed after observing the candidates for 33 districts of Bangkok that the overall The SAT is satisfied that the first day of application went smoothly. After the authorities have been preparing for more than a month by various problems that had arisen in the recruitment of MPs in 2019, the lessons were learned, and each MP has visited the observation area in each province. Believing that there will be no problem in this recruitment, Mr. Thitichet said that candidates who have already received their ID numbers can campaign immediately. Some applicants have already applied and have not prepared complete documents. It was found that the certificate of submission of the party leader was not submitted. Applications are still open until April 7, as well as asking for cooperation in placing campaign signs that block the visibility of road users. I would like to make adjustments because if there is no amendment, the authorities will collect the case in case the Central Administrative Court is scheduled to hear the verdict on the delimitation of electoral districts on April 7. Mr. Thitichet said, "Let's not step forward. I would like to wait for the Administrative Court verdict on that day first, but the SAT has already prepared various preparations and read related news"Riding a scooter - wearing an ancient warrior costume" Colorful candidates for the 2023 election "Prayuth" is not worried about the election 66 Ready to fight "Prawit" in a warm political style! "Chiang Rai" recruits deciduous MPs "Father sends son" to fight the election 
"Big Tu" Open your mind not to the party list due to a lot of work, less than 2 years with "Peeraphan" representative.|Gen. Prayuth reiterates not to shake hands with all parties There are no conditions to form a government. Don't talk to Thaksin if you don't go through the process. As for the reason for not joining the party list, the RTTC is very worked, but if it is less than 2 years, there is a "Peeraphan" representative today (April 3, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister of the ruling Thai National Building Party (RTTC) said today that he would like to thank everyone and all political parties for following the procedures of the SAT in a neat manner. I met with several parties, most of whom were familiar with each other. But at the end of the day, it depends on who the people will choose personally, what they decide to stay in the party. Because political ideology is done for the nation, religion, the monarch and the people, which "has done, done, done" has many things. Have to start from this section and fill in something new. What needs to be done next is physical, digital infrastructure, platform utilization, there are crises, opportunities, and risks if some parties say they will overcome the conflict. Gen Prayut said there was no contradiction. People see differently, but they never get angry. If it's conflict and violence, it's before I came in. Conflict or no answer. Gen Prayut said that if he returned as prime minister, he was not worried about disagreements because he had a duty to understand Gen Prayut said the most important thing "Thailand must move forward with peace, security and stability". Protest, clash, I don't want it to happen anymore, and the reason why I decided not to join the party list was because there was a lot of work. Number 1 is Mr. Peeraphan Saliratwipha who has the same ideology as himself. The next day, who told himself to stay for 2 years, Mr. Peerapan will continue to do so. As for the 2-year term, he can be anywhere he can be an adviser, Gen. Prayuth said, "I have confidence in the people for 8 years, what has changed? Is the country peaceful? Every country, the West, says they need strong leaders to bring peace to the country. What 2: Leaders who can solve national crises I asked if I could solve the problem, including COVID, tourism, and the economy, with a foundation in the middle, and the top of the chain that told me to cut off the top completely. Soldiers don't have to. Asked if he would stay, the reporter asked if Thaksin Shinawatra would return to Thailand, ready to talk. Gen. Prayuth replied that he would come back and go through the legal process and talk. Is this the principle? I'll be back and let the judge decide before we talk. He could not talk to the guilty, Gen Prayuth insisted there were no conditions for forming a government. Not all parties shake hands. Why don't you think you've got the most voice?
"Warawut" confident in the work, begging Suphan people for 800,000 votes|"Warawut" Identify the Thai nation of development, do not underestimate More than 800,000 Suphans, both people and party numbers, asked the SAT to design ballots, and do not confuse the people today (April 3, 2023). Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha The leader of the Thai Patana Party said in an interview in Suphan Buri province that he led the candidate of the Thai Patana Party. Suphanburi Province to worship sacred things before applying at Suan Dusit Rajabhat University Suphanburi Campus Elections in all 5 districts of Suphan Buri Of course, the Thai Pattana Party is not careless, even though we have had the opportunity to work for a long time, but times change, so carelessness will be the way to defeat. This is what Mr. Banharn Silpa-archa taught and is the way that the Thai Pattana Party has always adhered to in all 5 districts. All the candidates are careless candidates and work intensively, closely following the area where there are many parties interested in running in Suphan Buri province, which is a welcome thing, a beauty in democracy. Each party has a different approach, but the Thai nation is confident that by working in the area for a long time and adding carelessness. Our party will be able to win the votes of the people of Suphan Buri in all 5 districts, as we have done before, I would like to convey to all 800,000 Suphanburi brothers and sisters that this time gives the Thai Pattana Party the opportunity to serve the people of Suphanburi. One more time. We never say that Suphan Buri belongs to any political party or family, but we have been working hard since the time of Banharn father to this day. It has been two generations and we still volunteer to work for the people of Suphan Buri to Mr. Warawut said that as for each district with different numbers, it is a matter for the candidates in each district to find a strategy to work because on April 4, there will be a list of numbers, which means that whoever gets the same number as the party is lucky. In order to design both types of ballots, how they will look like, I would like to ask the SEC to design which method to avoid confusion with the people in reading the relevant news about the election. 66 Photo Gallery Recruitment for Bangkok MPs On the first day, "Prayuth" is not worried about the election 66, ready to fight "Prawit" in the political style "Seri Pisut" Chu to defeat cheating. Pull people to vote "Seri Ruam Thai"
On the first day, the recruitment of MPs for Bangkok zoning was completed.|The first day of the election of zoning MPs is very busy, and Bangkok is ready to apply for the list on April 4. Today (3 Apr 2023) kajit chatchavanit Permanent Secretary of Bangkok together with Mr. Chatri Wattanakejorn and Mr. Suksan Kittisupakorn Deputy Permanent Secretary, Bangkok Visiting candidates for the House of Representatives (MPs) Zoning at West 2 Sports Building, Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese) In the Din Daeng area, the overall atmosphere is neat and bustling. Candidates from various political parties are willing to show their intention to run for the election before 8:30 a.m., which is the time when a large number of applications start. For candidates for the election of members of the House of Representatives (MPs) Zoning The application period is 3-7 April 2023 at 08.30-16.30 hrs. Din Daeng district on the same day. narong ruangsri Deputy Permanent Secretary of Bangkok together with Mr. Pasakorn Siripakayaporn Director of the Office of Election and Referendum Management 1 visited the area to inspect the preparation of candidates for the election of members of the House of Representatives (MPs). The political parties resolved to propose to the House of Representatives for approval to appoint as Prime Minister during 4-7 April 2023 at Bangkok Room, B2nd Floor, Airawattana Building, Bangkok City Hall. The overall picture is in order, the Deputy Permanent Secretary urged the responsible agencies to take care of the preparation of the recruitment site and to comply with the established legal regulations, including preparing for the large number of people who will come to apply for the election. Prepare a place for the media to follow up on the news of candidates, as well as perform their duties and perform related duties with care, orderly, pure, fair, and prevent any complaints that may arise. 
"Rome" leads the prospective candidate team. All 10 Nakhon Si MPs are confident of raising the orange flag.|Moving forward, starburst sign up MPs across the country The lively atmosphere "Rangsiman Rome" leads the candidate team. All 10 Nakhon Si MPs are confident this round can put up the orange flag. Let's go a long way in electing a new person to change the country, give good politics, good stomach. There is a future today (April 3, 2023) Rangsiman Rome, spokesman for the Progressive Party. Led a team that the candidates for Nakhon Si Thammarat MPs in all 10 districts of the party went to apply for MPs and win numbers at the Nakhon Si Thammarat Municipality City Hall. Rangsiman said that the party is determined and confident that this time there is a chance to win all districts because we are ready. The 2019 election and this time were completely different. We have seen that the people are open to progressive parties. So we are confident that this time we come to win the flag in Nakhon Si Thammarat. The people will give the party a chance to move forward. Elect a new person to change the country. Thailand Change Mr. Rangsiman said that he had previously traveled to Surat Thani province to coincide with the start of the 2023 military enlistment season, so he traveled to Khiri Rattananikhom district to organize a campaign to abolish military conscription. One of the main policies of the Progressive Party is to reform the army and abolish forced conscription by switching to a voluntary system. Those who enlist in the military will receive more salaries and benefits from the state, such as health insurance that covers their families. Scholarships and post-discharge career grants are available. Able to advance to military rank and contract with the right to promotion up to lieutenant colonel. In addition, our policies will promote respect for human rights. No physical or mental harm. Currently, Thailand is entering an aging society, which means that we will have fewer working-age populations, which he and his party believe is the most wasteful use of the country's personnel Many people have had to quit their jobs that are going well. They have to leave families with babies or from parents who are aging and understaffed. Just to become a private servant, fighting ants against grass for 1-2 years before being discharged without any welfare to support them, it's time for the army system to change. Our country needs to change. The Progressive Party has invented 300 far-reaching policies to solve problems for all citizens. Today, he is very happy to see that the people of Surat Thani have opened their hearts to accept us and give a happy response to this field, so I ask for an opportunity from all brothers and sisters for the party to go a long way to serve the people of Surat Thani. Choose our candidate to represent you on the council. Elect new people to change the country so that Surat Thani and Thailand have good politics and good stomach. Have a good future for all our Thai children for the candidacy activities of the Progressive Party today. Occurs simultaneously in all regions of Thailand. Bangkok led by Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. All 33 Bangkok MPs are candidates for election at the Bangkok Thai-Japan Youth Center (Thai-Japan Stadium Din Daeng), Chonburi province, led by Chaithawat. Tulathon, secretary-general of the Progressive Party, led the candidates for Chonburi MPs in all 10 districts to board a minibus from Ang Sila to the recruitment point. Ban Suan Municipal Multipurpose Building When finished, the float will be taken from Ban Suan Municipality to Buddha Sihing Hall, Nonthaburi Province, led by Prith Watcharasindhu. Led a team of Nonthaburi MP candidates in all 8 districts to apply for MPs at OTOP Nonthaburi Center, Chiang Mai Province, led by Thanathorn Chuengruangkit. Chairman of the Progressive Party and Progressive Party Campaign Assistant At the 80th Anniversary Anniversary Auditorium of Chiang Mai Provincial Administration Organization, Khon Kaen province led by Pannika Vanich, a member of the Progressive Party and a campaign assistant for the Progressive Party, Phuket province led by Karunpol Thiensuwan, the candidates from all 3 districts of Phuket went to Phuket City Hall to apply for their MPs at Phuket City Hall before riding a float around the city and Nakhon Si Thammarat. Led by Rangsiman RomeRelated News: #เลือกตั้ง66 Energetic! Political party leader leads candidate team for Bangkok district "Pitha" leads team of candidates for 33 Bangkok districts to the speech bus after capturing the number "Pitha" confident 3 strengths to help win 33 seats for Bangkok MPs
#เลือกตั้ง66 Many parties slap their feet on partylist MPs |The SAT opened applications for MPs on the list of political parties at Bangkok City Hall 2. Symbolic expression of cleanup today (4 Apr 2023) Reporters report on the recruitment climate for members of the House of Representatives (MPs). Roster Form at Airawattana Building, Bangkok City Hall DindaengMr.Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way, along with Mr. Rangsiman Rome and Mr. Prith Watcharasindhu. Make an appointment at Thai Summit Building before taking the NGV bus to the recruitment point. List of MPs of the Leader of the Progressive Party He said he was ready to submit his candidacy for the party's only prime minister. The list of candidates for MPs was reduced to 92 from 94 due to personal reasons for candidates who may not be ready or have health problems. However, rest assured. More than 30 party-list MPs From the good response in the area while Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party, along with the leadership of the candidates. MPs have arrived at the recruitment site as well. Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family of Pheu Thai Party, along with Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Party Leader for Thailand Mr. Chaikasem Nitisiri Mr. Settha Thaveesin The Pheu Thai Party leader arrived at Bangkok City Hall 2 with a smiling expression on his face and said, "If I get the number, I will quickly announce what the Pheu Thai Party number is." Artisanal Arts The leader of the Thai Pattana Party came with Miss Kanchana Silpa-archa, stating that politics has its ups and downs. Even today, the trend of the Thai National Development Party may not be as strong as it should be. But please keep an eye on each step from now on, also tell the Prime Minister candidates of each party not only to look at him as the Prime Minister, but to be the Prime Minister of Thailand that the world has been waiting for. Insist on staying with a majority government. Not a minority government, Ms. Pavisarat Tiyapairath, head of the For the Nation Party, along with the party leader, led the candidate. A list of 38 MPs arrived at Bangkok City Hall with the goal of the For the Nation Party, saying it wants to reach millions of votes to confirm that it represents the people. The picture includes both zonal and party-list MPs. He wants to win 25 seats in order to have the right to nominate a candidate for Prime Minister and ask to pin the Bangkok MP for the first place. The registrar of the Proud Thai Party said today that it is ready to apply for the candidacy. Under the electoral law, the party submitted candidates for all 400 constituencies and 98 candidates, confident that what had been done to the public would give them another chance. And confident that it has gained more trust than before, but it depends on the decision of the people. Naqvisut or "Knot" The leader of the Change Party, who came to the recruitment site, stated that there are expectations in all districts because they have already been selected and there is a good response, while the party list is aiming for 3 million votes, while Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit came to Bangkok City Hall 2 with a coconut broom to draw the road as a symbolic gesture.
"Chuvit" sweeps gray politics, reveals that the party bought 60 million MPs per district|"Chuvit" came to Bangkok City Hall 2 with a coconut broom. He stated that today he came to clean and clean up the day of the election of MPs because there are some political parties that bought MPs, which is seen as an illegal act today (April 4, 2023). Reporters reported that at 6.30 a.m., Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former politician, came to Bangkok City Hall 2, Din Daeng. Fountain area In front of Airawattana Building, Bangkok City Hall Mr. Chuvit revealed that today he brought a broom to sweep the front area for symbolic activities against gray politics. He said he would help clean up politics because some political parties were dirty and would wait to meet the leader of each party to make it clear which side they would be on, not when it was time to enter parliament to change it later to become a government. Is it a discredit to any political party? Mr. Chuvit admitted that "Yes, I discredit the Proud Thai Party", also mentioning that some political parties have bought 60 million MPs per district.    
"For Thailand" 310 MPs - 3 names announced for prime minister's candidacy tomorrow|Pheu Thai Party does not dread partylist numbers Just let the people remember. Still aiming for it. 310 MPs are set to announce three candidates for Prime Minister tomorrow (April 5) today (April 4, 2023). Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family for Thailand and Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Party Leader for Thailand Mr. Chaikasem Nitisiri Mr. Settha Thaveesin The Pheu Thai Party leader arrived at Bangkok City Hall 2 with a smiling expression on her face, Ms. Paethongtarn told the media that even if the number is caught today, people should remember it. If you get the number, you will immediately announce it and confirm that you will join the stage on April 5, where the party's prime ministerial candidacy will be unveiled. It is also possible to go to various stages in Bangkok if the Pheu Thai Party does not get 310 votes, is there a chance of joining hands with other parties? Ms Paethong Tarn said the aim was 310 votes and would look at the time and see the opportunity again. Where MPs are on the list and can work for the people is important, which the Constitution does not stipulate that they must be on the party list and all positions of the party are close to the people. Even though she was 8 months pregnant, she was still close to the public, the reporter asked if Thaksin Shinawatra was worried or gave any advice. Miss Paethongtarn replied that her father was worried about his health. We are always checking with the doctor. He is still moving forward and is ready to answer questions about whether Mr. Thaksin supports running for MP. Miss Paethongtarn said no, and everything is her own decision. He reiterated that he intends to do so in management. It is the duty of experts while Dr. Chonnan said the party submitted all 100 names, and the expectation would exceed 50. As for the landslide, it will have a consequential effect, because as far as the popular vote list system is concerned, it is better than the district, so 50 lists are safe zones. The number 310 is the goal, which is confident that the Pheu Thai Party's approach will reach that point. The prime minister's candidacy will be convened this afternoon and will be announced tomorrow (April 5). He said the Pheu Thai Party has been ready for a long time, both personnel and policies. As for himself, he decided not to join the party list because his specialty is the executive, not the legislative side, and his job today is to publicize the policies of the Pheu Thai Party. From now on, he will go to the area every day to meet the people for the position of Prime Minister. I don't want to put pressure on the executive director of the party, who personally has administrative abilities. If he is not prime minister, he is still the chairman of the advisory board to the head of the family for Thailand and is still a party member who is confident that he has the qualities to be able to contribute to the party in many ways.read related news#election66 Many parties slap their feet on the candidates of the partylist "Chuvit" Sweep the gray politics unfold with the purchase of MPs in each district 60 million "Anutin" is not worried about meeting with "Chuvit" I've known each other for ten years.
Check Now! "RTSC" Soi No. 22 "For Thailand" 29 Beautiful Lexiber Party|First day! Political parties enter the lottery for elected party numbers in 2023 Pheu Thai Party No. 29, Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party No. 22, Power Pracharath Party No. 37, and Far Step Party No. 31 and Proud Thai Party No. 7 today (April 4, 2023). First day, the atmosphere at the Airawattana Building. Bangkok Metropolitan Administration Din Daeng, which is the place of candidates for the election of members of the House of Representatives (MPs). and inform the names of persons whose political parties have resolved to propose to the House of Representatives for consideration and approval for appointment as Prime Minister. According to the announcement of the SEC that applications will be open between April 4-7, the leaders of major parties and leaders of large political parties gradually arrived early in the morning amid the supporters and supporters of each party. And every entrance and exit of the building has a crowd control troop officer to watch to maintain order, while in the recruitment room, there is a space divided into 4 points as follows: Point 1: Time stamp Point 2: Receive documents and evidence Point 3 is to pay the application fee and Point 4 is to issue the application form while outside the application room there is a space for representatives of political parties to prepare documents and the legal department to consult by providing closed-circuit television to broadcast the application and draw the party identification number from the registration room to the media. The SEC shall draw lotteries for the names of political parties to rank the political parties that have the right to draw lotteries in order of submission of applications and the second lottery to the head of the political party or the executive committee of the party. The political delegate conducts the lottery in order according to the results of the first lottery. When the party draws any numbers, it shall be considered as the order in which the list of candidates is submitted, later at 09.55 a.m. the lottery begins, in which the first party, the Fair Party, came up to draw the lottery, the first party got number 3, then the Thai Ruam Thai Party No. 12, the Thai Local Party No. 4, the New Party No. 1, which created a buzz with those who came to win. Meanwhile, the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party (RTTC) sent Mr. Peerapan Salirathvipak. The leader of the party came up to capture number 22, and the "Change Party" of Panthawat Nakvisut or Not. Lottery Plus Division got the number 20, while the 10 major parties got the numbers as follows: Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai National Building Party held up both hands similar to the Y2K pose after Mr. Peerapan caught the number 22. Read related news#election66 Many parties slap their feet on the candidates of the partylist "Chuvit" Sweeping gray politics unfolds with 60 million constituency MPs bought 
"Sudarat" wants to break the cycle of coup d'état - create a party to lead the people to win|"Sudarat" Choo 4 Election Policy 2023 Amend the written version of the Constitution from the pen of the people. Let's lead the Thai Party to build Thailand to lead the people to win. After 9 years, the coup d'état wiped away the tears of the people in general trouble. Today (4 Apr 2023) At 7:41 a.m. Mrs. Sudarat Keyurapunnu The leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party said in an interview that the problems of politics prevented the country from moving forward. Thai people have always lost. The decades-long political war that took place during the 2006 coup led to conflict and two coups, so no more coups were needed. One coup d'état degraded the country. The public was troubled when asked if he was a candidate for prime minister. What will be the difference between the party? Khun Sudarat said the party will focus on 4 things: return democracy to the people; If the Constitution is still a walking version, the Constitution must be locked, the Constitution must be rewritten. From the pen of the people, not from the barrel of the coup, the next issue created the economy for the majority of the country. Building against corruption, such as expensive electricity bills. Contract slaves for people to pay, will dismantle and rebuild the electricity bill must not exceed 3.50 baht and take care of Thai people to have a good quality of life from birth to old Read related news "Chuvit" Sweeping grey politics unfolds with 60 million MPs per district#Election66 Many parties slap their feet on partylist MPs 
"Diary" is not worried about meeting "Chuvit" I've known each other for ten years.|"Anutin" is not worried if faced with "Chuvit". I have known each other for 10 years and thanked the people who made it colorful and the party has become stronger. As for polarizing with "Gen. Prawit" or not, "Anutin" Telling who to eat with is normal. It's not about polarizing grips. Today (4 Apr 2023) Reporters reported that at 7.30 a.m., Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party. He told the media after arriving at the Airawattana Building to apply for the party-list MP with a good mood that he slept well last night because the Proud Thai Party had been preparing everything for a long time. When asked if he had a number in mind. Mr. Anutin said that the number can be anything because the Proud Thai Party sells its candidates and dedication to work while today Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former politician, is working on symbolic political activities. Gray politics and it was targeted this time. Wanting to launch the Proud Thai Party, which uses the system of buying MPs as a political bargain, including criticizing the liberal marijuana policy as drunkenness, Mr. Anutin insists that he does not feel anything. I think it's more of a political color because they usually see each other regularly, they have known each other for 10 years, and then there is no personal discussion, so let it be according to the role of Mr. Chuvit who wants to communicate because if there is anything that does not understand the party, it will be clarified when the reporter asks about political polarization whether there will be dinner with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan after this. Mr. Anutin said that he could join the group to eat with everyone, which was clearly discussed in the past that the Proud Thai Party Which party will join hands only if the election results are officially announced, while acknowledging that the trend of the Proud Thai Party is now better than in the past after the attacks? Polls have shown that the public still trusts them while not being afraid of the trend of candidates. MPs in Bangkok who believe that the Proud Thai Party will not be able to pile on the hearts of the people of Bangkok despite pulling as many as eight former champions from other parties to join the team because they are confident in Mr. Puttipong Punnakant. Bangkok Election Director, Proud Thai Party, and all candidates who have the ability to work for the people, participating in the Debate forum held after this, if they have free time, confirm that they will participate, but most of them will be on a mission to help candidates campaign in provincial areas. : "Chuvit" sweeps gray politics unfolding with 60 million MPs per district
"Knot Division Lottery Plus" submitted 23 applicants. Congressman wades into election |"Knot Gong Lottery Plus" submitted 11 candidates for the party-list MPs. 12 zonal MPs set to win 3 million votes Today (4 Apr 2023) Mr. Pandavat Nakvisut or Not Lottery Plus Division The leader of the changed party came to apply for the candidacy. Of the party's 11 MPs, Mr. Pandavat said his preferred number was number 7 and reiterated that the party had changed to a party on the democratic side. Which party will you join hands with? They have to wait after the election and are ready to work in politics with the party with the majority. The party submitted candidates. Twelve zonal MPs have submitted 11 candidates to the list of candidates who do not bid for prime minister with the aim of going into politics to help people find their way to dinner. Aim for 3 million votes. Nationwide for candidates, the list sent to them consists of himself as the No. 1 list and Mr. Natchanan Arpasrirat. Change Party spokespersons include: The president of the Disabled Persons Association is mainly people who live with the problem and understand the problem for the campaign format mainly through online channels by talking to the people every day through online and live streaming. Mr. Panthawat reiterated that he was not worried and was confident that the legal information had been thoroughly examined.
"Suchat" confident RTTC sweeps 8 seats Chonburi MP|sandeep a RTTC leader confident of sweeping 8 seats Chonburi MP pointed to Gen Prayuth because he wants to see the country's untainted leader today (April 4, 2023) at the Airawattana Building, Din Daeng District, Bangkok. Partylist MP by Mr. Suchart Chomkin The leader of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party said in an interview that he was confident of winning 8 out of 10 Chonburi MPs. When going out to battle, arrange the best warlords that the people love. He was convinced that half of the warlords sent were former delegates. The most important thing is that during his administration he never forgot the Chonburi area, believing that the EEC zone helped increase the value of the land, while the districts that were worried were Bang Lamung and Pattaya zones, but he got the eternal past Wattanasart Sathorn, the former mayor of Pattaya, to come down for him.
"Warawut" said he waited to see the vote but was ready with the majority government.|"Warawut" reveals that no pole has approached to form a government yet. I'm ready to get a number today. Let's be the number that people pour their votes for today (April 4, 2023). Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha The leader of the Thai Patana Party, along with party leaders, came to Bangkok City Hall before saying that today he caught any number, which is the number that made the Thai Patana Party get at least 25 votes, the Thai Patana Party in the past, both the era of Mr. Banharn and Miss Kanchana Silpa-archa, that we used to get every number. Whether it's one number or two, it's fine. from now on The Thai Pattana Party in all districts is campaigning hard. According to the policy of the party that has been given. In order to meet the needs of the Thai people, the prime ministerial candidate of the party is Warawut alone, who has already passed the approval of the party executive committee. As for the flow of political parties, I see that political parties have ups and downs, but the Thai Pattana Party may not be very strong. Because we are saving our power, Mr. Warawut said that until today, we must leave the Prime Minister's candidacy from all political parties, not just as the Prime Minister of the Thai people, but as the Prime Minister. Thai people all over the world are looking forward to it. Because today Thailand has gone a long way. Thailand's work is not alone. Must be able to connect Thailand to other countries. To come to Thailand. Therefore, the Prime Minister of Thailand will depend on the Prime Minister's candidacy from all parties. Please take full advantage of this opportunity, and the case of the current polarization of the government is surprising. When looking at many poles, there is a Thai National Party developing at every pole. So it remains to be seen how the outcome will be on May 15 in the past. If the No. 1 party can form a government, it is a duty, but sometimes we have seen that the No. 1 party cannot form a government, followed by the No. 2 party to form a government. 
"Gen. Prayuth" admits hope to form a government - has not yet captured anyone's polarity|Gen Prayuth revealed that the Ruam Thai National Building Party has not yet dealt with any party to form a government and admitted that he hopes to form a government like all parties today (April 4, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister as Chairman of the Guidelines and Strategies Committee of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party Leaders of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party went to Bangkok City Hall The Prime Minister replied that he smiled every day when asked if Gen Prawit was aiming for the Pracharath Power Party to win the election. Partylist MPs 20 seats What is the goal of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party? Gen. Prayuth replied that there would be 100 Thai Unification Party to build a nation with talented people to go to work. Will he form another government? There is hope, just like all political parties. Currently, the Ruam Thai National Building Party has not caught anything with anyone. It depends on the opinion of the party members as well, who believe that all parties must listen to each other's reasons. RTSC No. 22 "For Thai" 29 The beautiful Lexiber party "Warawut" revealed that he is waiting to see the vote first, but is ready to be with the majority government "Sudarat". Let's break the cycle of coups - create a party to win the people.
Pheu Thai Party opens 100 names of party-list MPs|For Thailand Open the list of top 100 candidates for the top 5 partylist MPs. Maj. Gen. Viroj Sompong Prasert Chusak Chalerm today (4 April 2023) Pheu Thai Party Open list of candidates for the House of Representatives (MPs) The top 100 are Pol. Gen. Viroj Paoin, Sompong Amornwiwat, Prasert Chanthawongthong, Chusak Sirinil, Chalerm Yubumrung, Kiang Kalptinun, Suriya Chuengruangkit, Suchart Tancharoen, Sutin Arlangsaeng and Chai Kasem. Nitisiri      
"Big Tu" shows Y2K moves after RTSC catches No. 22 |Gen Prayuth shows two fingers, two hands and Y2K pose after the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party caught number 22 and did not answer the double number to send him to sit as prime minister. Continue today (4 Apr 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister The chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTTC) said after the party got the number 22, he thought that all the numbers were good when asked by reporters if he could get the number 22 to be able to return as prime minister. Gen Prayut said, "Wait a minute, wait for the election" when asked if his hand hurts. Gen. Prayuth admitted to hurting his hand. When asked if he could raise his hand. Gen. Prayuth raised both fingers in both hands, and the reporter tried to ask if he would act like Y2K. Gen. Prayuth then made Y2K to show the media. Miss Chayika Wongnapachan or Sand Former executive director of the Thai Raksa National Party and Thaksin's nephew, Yingluck Shinawatra, shouted to ask if the 22nd was the day Gen Prayuth seized power, but Gen Prayut did not answer any questions.
"Proud Thai" Open 98 candidates for the 1st Party-List "Diary"|Proud Thai The top 5 party-list MPs candidates Anutin, Saksiam, Songsak, Chalat and Chanmtida are open today (4 April 2023). Proud Thai Party Open list of candidates for the House of Representatives (MPs) The top 98 names are Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Mr. Saksiam Chidchob, Mr. Songsak Thongsri, Mr. Chalat Ratchakitprakan, Ms. Chanmtida Aswame, Mrs. Nantana Songpracha, Mr. Puttipong Punnakant, Mr. Supachai Jaissamut, Ms. Traisuli Traisornakul, Ms. Supamas Issarapakdi and others as follows:         
Just a minute! Political parties will know the official results at 5:00 p.m. |The chairman of the SAT stated the number of "party list" lottery on the first day of 49 parties, it is not clear that the qualifications of candidates must be checked. Previous Congressman If the evidence is incomplete Having to resubmit may change the number of political parties today (April 4, 2023). Mr. Ittiporn Boonprakhong Chairman of the Election Commission He said after the political parties completed the lottery of their list numbers, with 49 political parties drawing the lottery on the first day, that the numbers of each political party could change. If the officer examines the documents, it is found that the qualifications of the applicant for the roster are incomplete. If the party still insists on submitting the remaining list, it can do so, but the party must withdraw all documents to complete the process and then return to apply the next day, which will change the number of political parties. The official number is expected to be completed by 4.30 p.m. (after the first day of filing deadline) and the SEC will announce at 5.00 p.m.Read related news "Big Tu" shows Y2K moves after RTTC catches number 22#election66 Many parties slap their feet on candidates Partylist MPs check now! "RTSO" Soi No. 22 "For Thailand" 29 Beautiful Lexiber Party
"Party number" number - Heng - Like-consolation The chief arrested himself anyway.|"Diary" made a finger show the number 7 and even cried out the number fulfilled. The teacher gave me "Sudarat" satisfied that the number 32 is an auspicious number, corresponding to the policy of the "Jurin" party. "Prayuth" just handmade the Y2K symbol "Warawut" waiting for the SAT to check the documents. The title deed number is 25, after going on stage to grab the ball himself, got the number 7. Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, came down and said that when he knew that he had this number, he had to exclaim, "Ouch" because it was a good number. This is a sign that we will succeed in this election before "thumbs up" the reporter as the answer to question number 7 and move your index finger and thumb up. Number 7: "Fight here, fight here, fight until the Thai people win"Khun Sudarat Keyurapun, leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party, won the lottery number 32, saying that it is an auspicious number because this number is in line with the party's policy of taking care of the Thai people. 32 things, lady Noi said that no matter what number it is, it can win, which number 32 is considered a charity that Thai people win strong and have all 32 organs. Thailand has quite a lot of inequality, especially for the small people. The number 14 is considered a favorite and satisfying number because it is easy to remember, namely the election on May 14. c. It's Gabor 14, but we have to wait for clarity from Therefore, he has not ordered the labels, pamphlets with numbers, must wait for clarity from the SAT again. Leader of the Thai Patana Party He said that at the moment, he cannot announce that the Thai Pattana Party will get number 18 because he will have to wait for the SAT to check the previous party documents to see if there is a problem or not. The Pheu Thai Party leader said that the number 29 was considered the desired number because he wanted a 2-digit number. The leader of the Democratic Party said after catching number 26 that number 26 is good but it will all end only if The SAT officially announced because if there is a problem, the number may have to wait. The SAT announced the ruling Thai National Building Party after party leader Peeraphan Saliratwiphak went up to capture number 22. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha hand-made the Y2K mark instead of the Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP) He said that the number 37 is considered a good number, adding up to 10 and not worrying that it is a number that is deep but easy to remember. He was satisfied. Ask people to choose the number 37, which is the number of Pracharath Power, meaning 3 main policies, and the Pracharath card 700Pitha Limcharoenrat. The leader of the party went a long way. After catching the number 31, he held up his finger to mark the inverted triangle. The logo of the Progressive Party, which means supremacy, is that many people want their brothers and sisters to remember the logo of the Progressive Party. For a ballot on the ballot and remember the number of the county congressman accurately. Remember the county number. All that's left is for the party to move forward. Choose to say that the crow went a long way and followed by the number of the district congressman. Thai Phakdi Party Leader He said after catching the number 21 that it was too difficult to make a sign with too many hands. The number two or 21 communication sign also affirms that the party has a policy to protect higher institutions. Cracking down on corruption and revolutionizing clean energy policies for well-being This leads to debt relief and massive economic stimulus. 
Brave Development Nation Launch of Prime Minister's candidacy "Suwaj-Korn-Devan"|Brave Pattana Party Prime Minister Suwat-Korn-Thevan's candidacy was launched, while Suwat revealed that his candidacy is an experienced person and will submit his list to the SAT tomorrow (April 4, 2023). Mr. Suwat Liptapallop Chairman of the National Pattanaklao Party Mr. Korn Jatikvanich National Pattanaklao Party leader Thevan Liptapallop, secretary-general of the Pattanaklao Party, held a press conference to launch the prime minister's candidacy. After this morning, the party submitted its candidacy for the House of Representatives. The list system of 39 members and the leader of the party caught the number 14. At today's party meeting, there are 2 important matters: 1. To consider the nomination of 3 candidates for prime minister of the Pattanaklao Party according to the constitution, namely Mr. Suwat Liptapallop, the chairman of the party. Mr. Korn Jatikvanich Party leader and party secretary-general Mr. Suwat said that the prime minister's candidacy must be someone who has experience and knowledge in both economic and economic matters. It was determined that 3 of them were suitable persons with important positions in the party. When the meeting passed such a resolution. Tomorrow, the party will file a list with the authorities. 2. Regarding the ranking of the list or party list because the National Pattana Dare Party is not a very big party. Therefore, the order of seats according to the constitution will not be large, especially with 2 tickets. Build the future of the country to help run the party. So we will have different levels of work: who is an MP in the House, who runs the country, it means that the candidates of the Prime Ministers, we try to look at our experience which can be seen in this developed nation. Most of them are young people. There is only one senior. Dr. Wannarat Channukul, who is on the party list, is an elder who at least tells the kids what to do and what not to do. A young woman who wants to push someone here to speak for the council. Mr. Korn and I will be at the mayor's candidacy. Look at the administration if we take part in the administration of the country. The party secretary looks like a housewife in the constituency, so the party list will see new generations like Mr. Attawish Suwanpakdee, Mr. Aran Pandumjinda, Mr. Worawut Aunjai, and Khun Yaopha. Mr. Burapolchai, Mr. Akarawan Charoenphon, Mr. Adul Laohaphol, Mr. Erawan Thapplee, Mr. Yuttana Viriyakiti, and Mr. Busara Related News: Check it out! "RTSC" Soi No. 22 "For Thailand" 29 Beautiful Lexiber Party
"Unite the Earth" pushes 90 artists into the election field to accelerate the economic solution of the poor|Banana Aunt Smile, reveal "Unite the Earth" No. 47 raises military conscription reform policy - increase money in people's pockets today (April 4, 2023) Gen. Chatchai Pattaranavik Leader of the National Unification Party (PDP) Revealed after catching the number 47 that it is a beautiful number, a total of 11 is considered a good sign. This time, I intend to bring the new generation to change, I want a small group of people who intend to be a voice to help the people. In particular, the policy puts more value in the pocket. From buying noodles now, a hundred can get a bag or 2 bags, but the Ruamland Party intends to make 3 bags. He said that he woke up early to win along with the party leader and his fellow members, even though he had not eaten since the morning, but still had energy left. Decided to fight. We're artists. In addition to Gen. Chatchai, there are also celebrities in the entertainment industry who have applied to be district MPs and rosters have come to join the crowd, such as National Artist Mr. Sawang Rungphothong, Mr. Ranaritthichai Khankhet or Rana Rittichai, Mr. Sopatchanon Sespedes or Toon Hiransap, Mr. Aisun Maidan or Lek Aisuorn, Mr. Chokchai Tanprasert or Trin Setthachok, Thanupongsathorn Saktanawat or Aunt Kluai and former singer Rawiwan Jinda, etc. 
Analysis: Why is that number important?|For the candidate numbers of party-list MPs or MPs in the party system, initially 49 political parties passed the qualification examination of the major parties that were active in the news on the media, including the Proud Thai Party (Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul) No. 7 of the Prachachart Party (Mr. Wan Muhammad Nor Matha) No. 11 National Pattanaklao Party (Mr. Korn Jatikwanich) No. 14 Thai Patana Party (Mr. Warawut Silpa-archa) No. 18 Thai Phakdi Party (Dr. Worong Dejkitvikrom) No. 21 Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (Mr. Peeraphan Salirat Wiphak) No. 22 For the Nation Party (Ms. Pawitsarath Tiyapairat) No. 24 Democratic Party (Mr. Churin Laksanavisit) No. 26 New Power Thamma Party (Dr. Ravee Maschamadol) No. 27 Pheu Thai Party (Dr. Chonnan Srikaew) No. 29 Far Step Party (Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat) No. 31 Thai Sang Thai Party (Khun Sudarat Keyurapun) No. 32 and Power Pracharat (Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan) Number 37, based on the lottery standings. The only major party with one digit is the Proud Thai Party (No. 7), but the other parties in the group are in the order of sticking together. No party has fallen outside the group, causing a disadvantage to other parties, even the Pracharath Power Party, which "Big Pom" went up to win the lottery itself, even though it got the number 37, but it is not damaged to note one of the notable for the lottery number candidates. This partylist is going to take quite a long time because the SEC is hoping to show transparency. Prevent any doubts or accusations arising from the lottery. By unfolding and showing the numbers one by one to the party representatives who were in the lottery room to see carefully from the first ping pong to the last, but on the other side, it is also undeniable that the process must be protracted than the previous one because people do not trust the SAT From many works and defects in a row. Even the issue of demarcation of constituencies by taking the number of foreigners who do not have the right to vote into account, or even the division of constituencies that take sub-districts or sub-districts as the starting point. Instead of using districts or districts, red and yellow cards were not counted in past elections, which had very few candidate numbers. Unlike the ballot, district MPs without any symbol are sarcastically called dozen cards, the main problem is how all political parties can create (think and design) lottery numbers for people to easily remember. Or if you can use your hands and fingers to express yourself in the pictograms of numbers. It will be more beneficial for the election campaign, either when meeting or going on the stage to give a speech because the candidate's number is no less important than the candidate's name or even the party logo. The SAT pointed out the number of political parties to know the official result at 17.00 hrs. The chief arrested himself, however, "Gen. Prayuth." Accept the hope of forming a government - still not polarize anyone
53 first day party list candidates, 49 MPs knocked through|The Secretary-General of the SAT stated that the first 53 MPs on the list of 49 parties have already checked the documents and can use the lottery numbers to campaign today (April 4, 2023). Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the Election Commission (SEC) Revealing the first day of the House of Representatives candidate list, he said that 49 fully documented political parties were able to issue all the candidate papers and get numbers in the order of the lottery in the morning. There are political parties to apply for. Additional MPs As a result, there are now political parties filing applications. MPs already list 53 parties and a list of candidates that political parties will nominate as prime minister. A total of 20 members from 16 political parties questioned why. The SAT did not check the qualification documents before drawing the numbers. Political parties must first draw lotteries. Once the number is obtained, the applicant will be checked and paid the fee before the SEC issues the certificate. The SAT can inspect before the recruitment date, but when it is not submitted for inspection in advance, it is necessary to inspect the site by confirming that it is not delayed, adding that if the candidate is found to be disqualified from the list of MPs, the list will be eliminated from the list of candidates, but the candidate can apply to the Supreme Court for consideration according to the law. However, even if some candidates are cut off, it does not affect the entire roster. If the case is elected. The party can move up to the next rank to replace it, while the examination of the qualifications of the prime minister's candidacy according to past protocols does not require an examination. The qualifications must be in accordance with the Constitution stipulating the Secretary-General. The SAT also mentioned that in the case of ballots cast by political parties, the constituency MPs ballots do not have the logo of that political party because the law requires the two types of ballots to be clearly different. By zoning Set check boxes and numbers only The roster section requires a check box, logo, and party name if: Although the color of the cards is different, there may be misunderstandings and defective ballots, leading to lawsuits that the SAT has wrongfully performed its duties and will result in the invalidation of the election.
First day! The SAT concluded that 1,670 MPs from 54 parties had been elected. |First day! As of April 4, 1,670 MPs from 54 parties will be elected, 35 candidates for prime minister will be nominated by political parties this afternoon. On 4 Apr 2023 Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Inform that according to the SAT set the date for the election of MPs on the list of 4–7. On the first day of recruitment, political parties submit candidate lists for MPs and committees or those assigned by the committee have issued candidacy receipts. Political parties received numbers to be used in the campaign for a total of 54 parties, totaling 1,670 people, as follows: Read more News Open 98 candidates Partylist MPs "Churin-Chuan-Canon" 3 First, there are also 35 names of political parties that have resolved to propose to the House of Representatives for approval to be appointed as Prime Minister, totaling 24 political parties, totaling 35 names. However, for political parties wishing to inform the names of persons whose political parties have resolved to propose to the House of Representatives for consideration and approval to be appointed as Prime Minister, no more than 3 names can be submitted to the Committee before the deadline for candidacy by April 7. Headed by Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Party leader Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Head of Family of Pheu Thai PartyRead related news Apply for the first day of the party list 53 Parties knocked through 49 Czech Party! "RTSO" Soi No. 22 "For Thailand" 29 Beautiful Lexiber Party 
Open 98 candidates for the party-list "Churin-Chuan-Canon" 3 first |Open 98 candidates Partylist MPs "Churin-Chuan-Canon" 3 First, "Tan Jitpat" at No. 10, "Madame Deere Vatanya" at No. 11 and Sujashvir at No. 12 today (April 4, 2023). Democratic Party The list of candidates for the 2023 Democratic Party House of Representatives election is open with a total of 98 candidates as follows: No. 1 Mr. Churin Laksanavisit No. 2 Mr. Chuan Leungpai No. 3 Mr. Kantam Norm No. 4 Mrs. Kanlaya Sophonpanich No. 5 Mr. Niphon Bunyamanee No. 6 Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon No. 7 Mr. Narapat Mr. Kaewthong No. 8 Mr. Chaiyot Chiramethakorn No. 9 Mr. Kiat Siddhiamorn No. 10 Ms. Jitpat Tan Kridakorn No. 11 Mrs. Watanya Bunnag No. 12 Mr. Suchatvee Suwansawat No. 13 Mr. Samart Ratchapolsit No. 14 Mr. Pisit Leeatham No. 15 Mr. Issara Seriwatanawut No. 16 Ms. Ratchada Thanadirek No. 17 Mr. Suthat Ngern Ten Thousand No. 18 Mr. Chamni Sakdiset No. 19 Mrs. Mallika Boonmeekul Mahasuk No. 20 Mr. Surab Leungpai No. 21 Mr. Sasiprunt Chandradat No. 22 Mr. Abhichart Sakdiset No. 23 Mr. Bunthee Mr. Witoon Nambutr No. 25 Mr. Bamrung Piyanamvanich No. 26 General Boonlert Kaewprasit No. 27 Mr. Pichet Pattanachote No. 28 Mr. Attaporn Polbutr No. 29 Mr. Guasem Guchinaming No. 30 Mrs. Ratchadaporn Kaewsanit No. 31 Mrs. Darunwan Charnpipattanachai No. 32 Mr. Sukit Kongthornin No. 33 Mr. Teerachart Pangvirulahrak No. 34 Mr. Tanon Vejkornkanon No. 35 Mrs. Monthip Srirattana No. 36 Mr. Abdolrahman No. 37 Mr. Sarifuddeen Sareeming No. 38 Ms. Janjira Rattanapian No. 39 Mr. Storm Chanchamnong No. 40 Mrs. Kanitha Niphakasem No. 41 Mr. Aran Wonganan No. 42 Mr. Thanachai Srisong No. 43 Mr. Sombat Chanasit No. 44 Mr. Chaipong Niyomkit No. 45 Mr. Surachai Surisaeng No. 46 Mr. Prasert Thongnun No. 47 Mr. Chairat Soda No. 48 Mr. Kamnuan Intarakul No. 49 Mr. Taweekiat Jaidee No. 50 Mr. Kan Pingmuang No. 51 Mrs. Surapa Prayongrawikool No. 52 Ms. Supaporn Rathisen No. 53 Mr. Phudis Mr. Mongkol Sinsomboon No. 55 Mr. Rewat Kongchart No. 56 Mr. Wanchai Kongcharoen Commercial No. 57 Mrs. Phusadee Wongkampaeng No. 58 Mr. Rujcharin Thongyai No. 59 Mr. Natcha Likitkitworakul No. 60 Mr. Chatnapat Thienmongkol No. 61 Mr. Tanawat Panyasakulwong No. 62 Mr. Chayapong Thunderbolt No. 63 Mr. Uthai Saneha No. 64 Mr. Chanon Samphantarak No. 65 Mr. Narong Prabpanja No. 66 Mr. Navapol Sukkasem No. 67 Mr. Sukrai Charoenjai No. 68 Ms. Sinat Mahamad No. 69 Mr. Supasit Limtrakul No. 70 Mr. Thachpong Thamphuttipong No. 71 Mr. Yuttana Leaosomboon No. 72 Mr. Santichon Sukonthongcharoen No. 73 Mr. Udomkarn Worakit No. 74 Mr. Chisanucha Nuanpan No. 75 Ms. Laksaneeraya Kananurak No. 76 Mr. Boonmee Boonmeekul No. 77 Mr. Sukritchai Theererengrit No. 78 Mr. Netithorn Pornpitak No. 79 Mr. Sarawut Tubthong No. 80 Mr. Pissanupong Sitthichokkaewmoon No. 81 Mr. Surasak Wongvanit No. 82 Mr. Tanitsak Daraman No. 83 Taiwan Lt. Police Lieutenant Colonel Wanchai Piamsomboon No. 85 Mr. Nattapat Wongpattanadej No. 86 Nawaek Prajak Wangkanon No. 87 Mr. Woradej Chaiyanan No. 88 Ms. Aunruen Sudprasert No. 89 Mr. Boonkong Wilailert No. 90 Mr. Chat Pittayapakdee No. 91 Mr. Nichsan Tesiri No. 92 Mr. Pakornkiat Prasongsuk No. 93 Ms. Payarin Jiarattechanon No. 94 Mr. Charin Rungkanjanakul No. 95 Mr. Chamnan Born Sopha No. 96 Mr. Chanu Peeravasin No. 97 Mr. Phumsan Seniwong Na Ayutthaya No. 98 Mr. Naris Khamnurak
"Prawit" Video Call" Whether or not he will become Prime Minister depends on you.   |"Gen. Prawit" video call to talk to Thammasat students reiterated ready to talk to all parties Don't want conflict. Hope the nation is peaceful and safe. Whether he will be prime minister or not will be with the people to choose or not. 
Yesterday (4 Apr 23) Journalists reported that the Facebook fan page "FC Lung Pom" posted a video clip in which Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party Have a video call with Thammasat University students Rangsit Center The latter led the candidate of the Pracharath Power Party to apply. Gen. Prawit greeted the students, saying, "Hello, I'm fine. I just got back from taking my MP to apply at 8 o'clock," and one of the student representatives asked what sports Gen Prawit played when he was young. Gen Prawit replied, "I love football, golf, rugby, I always played rugby, but now only swimming." Gen Prawit said the conflict I see that we as Thais must work together. We have to love each other in politics. We can't force anyone. Who would think that it is that person, but I personally do not like violence. We must work together as one to lead the country to progress, students also asked about the case of the speech platform of the Pracharath Party. Under the Rama 8 Bridge, there was a violent incident, to which Gen. Prawit replied, "If anyone has anything, let's talk. The Pracharath Party is ready to talk to everyone. The students asked if they did not want conflict or clashes or bad events in the future because society was uncomfortable with them. Gen. Prawit replied that if they were still in the box, there would be no fighting, they would have to be gentle and talk about what they wanted. Talk to each other. My party and I are ready to do and listen to everyone who comes to give their opinions, but political opinions that I would force everyone to have the same opinion would be impossible. But Thai people must have love and unity, must not quarrel without violence. Students also offered words of encouragement and blessings. Gen Prawit became the 30th prime minister and Gen Prawit said it was up to them whether to be prime minister or not. If I choose me, if not, it is okay because I have the idea that the unity of all Thai people is important to make the country progress for the nation quickly and without violence.    
The Prime Minister raised the 6th Amendment. Let's make peace, not crise.|The Prime Minister presided over the ceremony on the 136th anniversary of the establishment of the Ministry of Defence. Identify all parties together to build a peaceful and orderly country. Don't cause crises and quote King Rama VI's thesis "Any nation without love and solidarity will do nothing in vain" today (April 5, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister presided over the ceremony to celebrate the 136th anniversary of the establishment of the Ministry of Defence. Gen. Chaichan Changmongkol Deputy Minister of Defense, accompanied by Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Defence generalissimo Army Commanders, except Gen. Narongpan Jitkaew Commander of the Royal Thai Army, who was on a mission, handed over Gen. Ukrit Boontanon Chief of Army Staff attended the ceremony on behalf of Gen. Prayuth paid homage to the godfather of the Drum Tower and important sacred objects inside the Ministry of Defence City Hall before attending a monastic ceremony at the Pinit Prachanath Room. in the Defence Hall, during which Gen. Prayuth placed incense sticks on offerings during the worship ceremony. Godfather Drum Tower There were some moments that were not good because the right hand was still injured, some of which were slightly startled because the hand was hot incense tips several times for presiding over the inauguration ceremony of Gen. Prayuth's Ministry of Defence, considered his last as Defence Minister of this government, having breakfast with the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Defence. Commander-in-Chief and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces Last year, there was no shared meal because of the COVID situation, Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha said. Prime Minister and Minister of Defence After presiding over the 136th anniversary of the establishment of the Ministry of Defence, he said that today is an important day, showing that the Ministry of Defence has been in the city for a long time. Today, we must help maintain the solidarity of the army and the Ministry of Defence and I would like to say that we must love our home and love our city very much because it is the source of peace and order in the country. If the country is unsettled or has a lot of problems, it will result in many opportunities disappearing immediately, including from a foreign perspective. Even if the nation is ruined until how can a person live happily by asking everyone to remember in case it will make the country more peaceful. This is to step onto the world stage with dignity and dignity, because today the views of each country are looking at each other by asking us to follow the security developments of all countries, especially those around us. Because if the country is peaceful, it will be able to use its full potential in many security domains. These are the most important things to the people and we would like to thank all the media and ask them to help bring the country to safety. Do not allow crises that will damage the nation, both during this period and in the future. He did not respond to questions about the case that came out as a reminder of public order. Is there any unusual signal or turmoil? It simply states that many things already know.
"Srisuwan" The SAT banned the use of campaign floats for illegal reasons.|Srisuwan Ethics to file a petition The SEC banned political parties from bringing cars, pickups, etc. A pickup truck converted into a campaign float. Pointing out traffic laws Today (5 April 2023) at 10.00 a.m. at the Office of the SAT Government Center, Building B. Janya, Secretary General, Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association Come and file a petition with the Registrar of Political Parties/SAT To request the exercise of powers under the Political Parties Act 2017 to inform political party executives to control and supervise members or candidates. MPs act in violation of the law by converting a car into a campaign float, which is considered a traffic law. It appears that there are many political parties and candidates. Congressman brings cars, pickups. A pickup truck converted into a float. This is against the traffic law B.E. 2522 because the Commissioner of the Royal Thai Police has relied on the powers under the Road Traffic Act B.E. 2522 (1979) and its amendments issued on January 30, 2023. Require a minibus to sit on a row. Small Passenger Truck Pickup truck Semi-truck In addition, the vehicle has been converted into a campaign car by installing campaign signs of political parties and candidates for the House of Representatives on the side and/or at the front and/or rear of such campaign vehicle. Such action must first obtain permission from the competent officer or registrar to inspect at the Department of Land Transport in accordance with the regulations of the Department of Land Transport. On the criteria for applying for permission and permission to use amended or modified vehicles in accordance with the Motor Vehicle Act B.E. 2562 (2019). Otherwise, it is considered illegal, it is also found that there are applicants. Some MPs, some parties. Bring pets for activities on election day, such as king cobras. Pythons, horses, may be regarded as animal cruelty. The Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and Animal Welfare Act B.E. 2557 (2014) in Section 22 of the Political Parties Act 2560 clearly states that when an Act is passed to elect MPs, the Executive Committee of a political party has the duty to control and supervise members from acting in violation of the law or unlawfully. Prime Minister candidates, congressional candidates, campaign assistants Violate the law expressly, the Association of Thai Constitutional Protection Organizations. Therefore, the Registrar of Political Parties/SAT strictly enforces the law. Because no law provides for an exception.
Pmove submits 5 proposals to the PDP "Paiboon" to comply with party policy|Pmove submits 5 proposals Formulate policies to solve land problems, rights and freedoms, welfare state "Paiboon" ready to accept proposals from all groups. Get in touch. The number 37 is a lucky number, reflecting the policy of 3 reductions with the State Welfare Card 700 today (April 5, 2023). The People's Movement for a Fair Society or P-move traveled to various political parties ranging from Proud Thai Party, Pracharath Power, Democrat for the Nation, For Thailand and Go Further, a total of 6 parties to submit The proposal for political parties in 5 areas includes: Solving the problem of residential land Resources and housing in the form of community deeds, which still have problems throughout the country, freedom and justice, pushing for status and protection. Ethnic, democratic and community rights Create a welfare and decentralization state, as well as solve problems of state development projects and utilities by requesting to adopt 5 policies as policies of each party because they believe that whether it is the government or the opposition, they will be able to push forward the implementation. Other matters to enrich matters that are completed for the benefit of the people. By many things. Gen Prawit has always been and will continue to do so in line with the party and the people who need to solve problems and overcome conflicts, and tomorrow (April 6) he will join the P-Move group. Therefore, I want Pracharath Power as the government party to push forward, especially if it returns to the government next time. Confirm that you are ready to listen to information from all groups of people. If there is an offer, it is ready to be exchanged. Solve problems for the people, which can be presented at the party, including Tawan or Miss Tantawan Tuatulanond. Political activists, if they want to have any proposals, can make an appointment to discuss them. In order to be the perfect democratic approach it should be, anything that can be done will be corrected, but if it can't, it will be said honestly. Tawan and Bam contacted me to talk to him, Mr. Paiboon also said that the Power Pracharath Party has applied for The list of MPs who have already received the number 37 will be an important choice for the people. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party I can tell you when I combine 10 and I personally see that the number 3 refers to the policy of the civil power 3 reductions that require a reduction in fuel costs. Reduce gas and electricity bills The number 7 reflects the state welfare card policy. 700 baht Related News: Check Now! "RTSO" Soi No. 22 "For Thailand" 29 Beautiful Lexiber Party "Prawit" Video call" Whether or not he will become Prime Minister depends on you.
"Somsak" discusses confident MP candidate for Thailand to flag the South|"Somsak" Open the room to debate the candidates of southern MPs so that Thailand can be confident in the flag for sure. Reveal the sitting session. Minister of State drives to unlock Kratom - Promote bullfighting sports Today (5 April 2023) at the Pheu Thai Party Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, Pheu Thai Party leader and former The Justice Minister revealed that he and Mr. Visut Chaiyanarun Deputy Director of Election Operations Center Pheu Thai Party leader Sutham Saengpratum invited Pheu Thai Party MPs in the southern provinces, such as Ms. Boontarika Yodsurang, the candidate. Nakhon Si Thammarat Provincial Congressman District 1 No. 2 Mr. Thavorarat Kongkaew applicant Congressman for Nakhon Si Thammarat District 6 No. 1 Maj. Gen. Chaosilp Boonpradit Candidate Congressman for Nakhon Si Thammarat District 8 No. 8 Miss Parmaporn Boribun Candidate Congressman for Nakhon Si Thammarat, District 10, No. 10Mr. Hanafi Meensen applicant Songkhla Provincial Congressman District 8 No. 8 Miss Chanisara Phuvijit applicant Congressman for Songkhla Province District 9 No. 10 and Mr. Krish Srifa applicant Phang Nga Provincial Congressman, District 2 No. 4 to discuss how to propose the party's policies to communicate with the people. Especially their own policy that has always developed and promoted the southern region. Both unlocking cottage crops and bullfighting sports, Mr. Somsak said that in the southern region, it is considered a new area that the Pheu Thai Party has not yet been able to flag. Throughout his tenure as Justice Minister, he has continuously visited the southern region to acknowledge the problems and development approaches, including many policies that have already been successfully driven, such as unlocking cottage crops and pushing for the promotion of bullfighting by drafting a law to promote livestock from discussions with candidates. This is a good sign because many people know the problem and approach to the core and understand how to talk to the people. Because if the policy can be presented to the people to understand, there will be an opportunity to gain trust.
Added 2 party candidates to the party-national development dare to submit 3 Candidacy Name|Day Two: Partylist Recruitment Atmosphere Two additional political parties, namely the Thai Progressive Party and the Prachathai Party. This afternoon, "Pattanadara" prepares to submit 3 names of candidates for Prime Minister today (April 5, 2023). Reporters reported that the atmosphere of the second day at the Airawattana Building, Bangkok City Hall. Din Daeng, which is the place of candidates for the election of members of the House of Representatives (MPs). The list of persons whose political parties have resolved to propose to the House of Representatives for approval to be appointed as Prime Minister between April 4-7. Political parties that apply The party-list MP is the Thai Progressive Party. Mr. Watcharapol Yusamongkol The leader of the party came with the number 55 by applying for 13 MPs and sending 2 candidates for prime minister, while the other party was the Prachathai Party. Led by Mr. Bunyong Chansaeng Party leader 15 party names were submitted, 1 prime minister candidate was submitted, and the number was 56, but it was reported that at 2 p.m., representatives of the Pattanaklao Party will submit the list of the 3 prime ministerial candidates of the party, namely Mr. Suwat Liptapallop. Mr. Korn Jatikwanich and Mr. Thevan Liptapallop, while the Pheu Thai Party will reportedly come to submit After officially unveiling the three prime ministerial candidacies today and will be handed over. April 7, which is the last day for recruitment of MPs, lists and constituency MPs, read more related news now! Soi No. 22 "For Thai" 29 Beautiful Lexiber Party First Day! The SAT concluded that 1,670 MPs from 54 parties applied for the first day of the partylist, 53 of which passed 49 parties. 
Chalermchai - Ongarn handed over Thongchai Democrat to candidates in 33 districts to lead victory across Bangkok.|"Chalermchai-Ong" gives Thongchai Democrat to candidates in 33 districts to lead victory across Bangkok "Valiant" "Jurin" ready to become Prime Minister If the people give the election of Democrat No. 26 today (April 5, 2023) mr. chalermchai abbasi The General Secretary of the Democratic Party presided over the event "Flag Chai Democrat leads victory across Bangkok" with Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon, Deputy Party Leader. Ms. Watanya Bunnag, Bangkok Political Innovation Working Group Mr. Suchatvee Suwansawat Chairperson of the Bangkok Policy Working Group and the Bangkok Strategy Team, as well as Ms. Jitpat Tan Kridakorn, Mrs. Darunwan Charnpipattanachai, candidates of the list, as well as all 33 candidates of the Bangkok MP of the party attended the event in unison. Important meanings of the party In addition, the flag of the party. It has been the color of the Democratic Party since its founding in 1946 until today, 77 years old, so blue has been the color of the party that has been associated with the political institutions in the country continuously. By today's event Dr. Chalermchai Srisoft The General Secretary of the party, who is like the chief general and an important person, will hand over the Victory Democrat flag to bring victory to the Democratic Party throughout Bangkok, adding that the handing over of the Victory Democrat flag today is an important task for the 33 warriors of the party in Bangkok in 33 districts to lead the Democratic Party. Party personnel, party members and brothers and sisters of the people who support the party to inform and present the policies that the party has announced clearly that we are ready to work immediately. Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, who is ready to become Prime Minister. If the people give us a chance and elect the Democratic Party No. 26, Mr. Chalermchai spoke before the ceremony to hand over the Democrat flag to the candidates. All 33 MPs for embroidery in 33 districts across Bangkok said the Democratic Party today. He affirmed as the General Secretary of the Party that we are one of the most prepared to go to the election field. Party executive All party representatives Make them confident and confirm that we will definitely plant Thongchai in Bangkok. 100% Constituency No. 1 Phra Nakhon District Samphanthawong District Dusit District (except Nakhon Chaisri Road), Bangrak District Mrs. Jermmas Cheonglertsiri No. 10, Constituency No. 2, Sathorn, Pathumwan District Constituency No. 1 Constituency No. 3 Constituency No. 3 Constituency No. 4 Khlong Toei District Wattana District Pol. Gen. Pongsakorn Kwan Muang District No. 5 Constituency No. 5 Huai Khwang District Wang Thonglang District (except Khlong Chao Khun Singh) Constituency No. 6, Phayathai District, Din Daeng DistrictMr. Thana Chirawinit No. 9 Constituency No. 7, Bang Sue District, Dusit District (Nakhon Chaisri Road only)Mr. Phubet Abhayawong No. 3, Constituency No. 8, Laksi District (except Talat Bang Khen) Chatuchak District (except Chandrakasem and Sena Nikhom) Maj. Gen. Dr. Wichai Sangprapai No. 14Constituency No. 9 Bang Khen District (except Tarang Subdistrict) Chatuchak (only Chandrakasem and Sena Nikhom) Mr. Theerawit Phumdit No. 5Constituency No. 10 Don MuangMr. Thannithi Chawarat Nithichote No. 7Constituency No. 11 Sai Mai District (except Au Ngoen) Mr. Wattikon Hoornsiri No. 4 Constituency No. 12 Sai Mai District (Au Ngoen District only) Bang Khen District (Tarang District only) Lat Phrao District (Khet Bua District only) Ms. Pranee Seokket No. 9 Constituency No. 13 Lat Phrao District (except Khet Bua District) Buengkum District (except Khlong Kum)Mr. Tankhun Jittsara No. 10Constituency No. 14 Wang Thonglang District (Khlong Chao Khun Singh only) Bangkapinaipraprit Chatpraphachai No.15 Constituency Khannayao, Buengkumnaiphanpisut Nuraj No. 1Constituency No. 16, Khlong Sam Wa District (except Sam Wa East and Sai Kong Din Tai Subdistrict), Ms. Kesakanda Inchuai No. 14, Constituency No. 17, Nong Chok District (except Khok Faet, Lam Phak Chi and Lam Toi Ting) Khlong Sam Wa (only Sam Wa East and Sai Kong Din Tai) Miss Natthida Taufez No. 2Constituency No. 18 Nong Chok (Khok Faet and Lam Toi Ting only) Lat Krabang (Lam Pla Thio only) Min Buri District (Saen Saep only) Mr. Anan Rerkdee No. 9Constituency No. 19 Minburi (except Saen Saep) Saphan Sung (except Thap Chang) Mr. Sunan Meenmanee No. 3Constituency No. 20 Lat Krabang (except Lam Pla Thio) Mr. Supoj Rerkdee No. 11Constituency No. 21 Prawet (except Nong Bon) Saphan Sung (Thap Chang only) Dr. Kitpol Cherdchukitkul Constituency No. 22, Suan Luang District, Prawet District (Nong Bon only), Mr. Chakrawee Wisutphol No. 5, Constituency No. 23, Phra Khanong District Bangnanaisuthi Panyasakulwong No. 8Constituency No. 24, Thonburi (except Wat Kanlaya, Hiranruchi and Bang Yirua) Khlong San District Ratburana District (Bangpakok only)Miss Siripa Intaravichian No. 11Constituency No. 25, Thung Khru District, Rat Burana District (except Bang Pakok District), Mr. Chayin Phungsai No. 7, Constituency No. 26, Bang Khun Thian District (Tha Kham District only) Chom Thong District (except Bang Khun Thian Subdistrict)Mr. Suwat Muangsiri No. 12Constituency No. 27 Bang Bon District (Bang Bon Tai and Khlong Bang Bon Subdistrict) Bang Khun Thian District (except Tha Kham Subdistrict)Mr. Sakol Muangsiri No. 6Constituency No. 28 Chom Thong District (Bang Khun Thian District only) Bangbon (except Bang Bon Tai and Khlong Bang Bon), Nong Khaem (Nong Khaem only), Wanicha Muangsiri No. 9, Constituency No. 29, Bang Khae (Bang Khae Nuea and Bang Phai only), Nong Khaem (except Nong Khaem), Watchara Petthong No. 6, Constituency No. 30, Bang Khae (except Bang Khae Nuea and Bang Phai), Phasi Charoen (Bang Wa, Bang Duan and Khlong Khwang only), Thanu Chayanan Panpurpur, No. 5, Constituency 31, Thawi Watthana Taling Chan District (except Bang Sue Leather Subdistrict) Dr. Polwit Charoenpong No. 3Constituency No. 32 Bangkok Noi District (Siriraj District only) Bangkok Yai, Phasi Charoen (except Bang Wa, Bang Duan and Khlong Kwang) Taling Chan District (Bang Sue Nang only), Thon Buri District (Wat Kanlaya Subdistrict, Hiranruchi Subdistrict, and Bang Yirua Subdistrict)Mr. Vilas Chanpitak No. 2Constituency No. 33, Bang Phlat District, Bangkok Noi District (except Siriraj Subdistrict) Mr. Chanin Rungsaeng Number 7 Related News: First day! The SEC concluded that 1,670 MPs from 54 parties had applied for the party-list and 2 had applied for the party-list. 3 Candidacy Name
The list of candidates for the Bangkok Pheu Thai Party in all 33 districts has been opened.|Open list of candidates Bangkok MPs in 33 districts, Pheu Thai Party, former "MPs-Dara" Piap List of candidates (MPs) Pheu Thai Party in all 33 districts of Bangkok with election numbers for 2023 District 1: Bang Rak, Phra Nakhon, Pom Prab Sat Phai, Dusit (except Nakhon Chai Si Road), District 8, District 2, Sathorn, Ratchathewi, Pathumwan, Leelawadee Watcharobol No. 5, District 3, Bang Kho Laem, Yanawan, Penpisut Chintasophon No. 5, Klongtoey District, WattanaMr. Nawathan Thawatwongdechakul No. 11, District 5, Huai Khwang, Wang Thonglang District (except Khlong Chaokhun Singh), Mr. Kajonsak Pradit No. 5, District 6, Din Daeng District, Phayathai District, Mr. Phatra Phomrommontri No. 1, District 7, Bang Sue, Dusit District (Nakhon Chai Si only), Mr. Rattapong Rahong, No. 8 Chatuchak District (except Chantharakasem and Sena Nikhom), Laksi District (except Bang Khen Market)Mr. Surachart Tianthong No. 2, District 9, Bang Khen District (except Tarang), Chatuchak District (Chantharakasem and Sena Nikhom only), Laksi District (Bang Khen Market only)Mr. Anusorn Panthong No.2District 10 Don MuangMr.Suthanapoj Kittanapitak District 10, District 11, Sai Mai District (except Au Ngoen), Mr. Unity Hongsakul, District 12, Bang Khen District (Tarang only), Sai Mai District (Au Ngoen only), Lat Phrao District (Crocodile Bua only), Mr. Yankit Hoongsap No. 10, District 13, Lat Phrao (except Crocodile Bua), Buengkum (except Khlong Kum)Miss Sakawjai Poonsawat District 4, District 14, Bangkapi, Wang Thonglang District (Khlong Chao Khun Singh only)Mr. Pongsakorn Rattanaruangwattana District 6, District 15, Khan Na Yao, Bueng Kum (Khlong Kum only), General Phum Wipattopo, District 7, Khlong Sam Wa (except Sam Wa East and Sai Kong Din Tai), Mr. Jirayu Hoongsap, No. 11 District 17, Nong Chok (except Khok Faet, Lam Phak Chi and Lam Toi Ting), Khlong Sam Wa District (Sam Wa East and Kong Sai Din Tai Subdistrict) Mr. Paitoon Issarasereepong No. 13, District 18 Nong Chok District (Khok Faet Subdistrict, Lam Phak Chi Subdistrict and Lam Toi Ting Subdistrict), Minburi (Saen Saep only), Lat Krabang (Lam Pla Thio only)Mr. Pairoj Issaraserepong No. 15, District 19, Minburi (Saen Saep only), Saphan Sung (except Thap Chang), Mr. Wichan Minchainun No. 9, District 20, Lat Krabang (except Lam Pla Thio)Miss Teerarat Sudanvanit District 6 District 21 Prawet District (except Nong Bon Subdistrict), Saphan Sung District (Thap Chang Subdistrict only). Nitipon District No. 13, District 22, Suan Luang, Prawet (Nong Bon only), Mr. Thakorn Laohapongchana No. 9, District 23, Phra Khanong, Bangna, Mr. Kaweewong Yuvijit No. 3, District 24, Khlong San, Thon Buri (except Wat Kanlaya, Hiranruchi and Bang Yirua), Rat Burana (Bang Prakok only), Mr. Silpwit Noisommit No. 8, Thung Khru, Rat Burana (except Bang Prakok), Kittipol Ruayfuphan No. 14, District 26, Chom Thong (except Bang Khun Thian), Bang Khun Thian (Tha Kham only), Bangbon District (Bangbon Tai and Khlong Bang Bon only)Miss Kamolpat Pungbangkadi No.4District 28 Nong Khaem District (Nong Khaem only), Bang Bon District (except Bang Bon Tai and Khlong Bang Bon) , Chom Thong District (Bang Khun Thian only), Mr. Wan Yubumrung No. 10, District 29, Bang Khae District (Bang Khae Nuea and Bang Phai only), Nong Khaem District (except Nong Khaem)Mr. Krishnon Aiyapanya No. 9District 30 Bang Khae District (except Bang Khae Nuea and Bang Phai), Mrs. Supaporn Kongwuttutpanya No. 13, District 31, Taling Chan (except Bang Sue Nang), Thawi WatthanaMr. Jirawat Aranyakanon No. 2, District 32, Bangkok Yai, Phasi Charoen (except Bang Wa, Bang Duan and Wang Khlong Kwang), Thonburi (only Wat Kanlaya, Hiranruchi and Bang Yirua), Taling Chan District (Bang Sue Leather only), Bangkok Noi (Siriraj only)Mr. Arum Tum Noi No.13 District 33 Bang Phlat, Bangkok Noi (except Siriraj)Mr.Thitiwat Adisornpankul Number 13  
The SAT can hold campaign floats and sing party songs, but no festive performances are allowed on the buses.|The Secretary-General of the SAT Yan, the campaign assistant, can do everything like a candidate. Warn against breaking the law. Remind them to use campaign floats. Party singing is allowed, but festive performances are prohibited on the bus. If there is a complaint, it will be considered on a case-by-case basis today. (April 2023) Election Commission Secretary-General Mr. Pilgrim Boonmee said that the campaign floats of candidates for the House of Representatives (MPs) elections can only be used when there are candidates or party members as well as candidates for the prime minister of the party on board and can only play songs or sing party songs. But there are a lot of floats with festive performances on the bus, do not. So if there is a complaint that comes to The SEC must consider on a case-by-case basis, while campaign assistants of political parties can do everything the same as candidates. But don't do anything illegal and can go on the Debate stage if the party sends a representative and wants the media to give opportunities to all political parties to contest their policies on the Debate stage. The activities of the campaign assistant shall be accounted for at the expense of the entire party, except in the case where the husband or wife of the candidate is considered the same person according to the law. Therefore, even if the spouse is a star, singer or performer, they can help campaign without charge. Related News : First day! The SAT concluded that 1,670 MPs from 54 parties applied for the first day of the partylist, 53 of which passed 49 parties.
"Go the extra mile" Open list of 33 candidates MP Bangkok |List of 33 candidates revealed Bangkok Progressive Party "Toto Piyarat" to enter District 23, "Phra Khanong-Bangna", "Equal Earth" to District 24, "Thonburi-Klongsan-Ratburana", "Natcha" to District 11, "Bangbon-Bangkhuntien". List of candidates The 33 Bangkok MPs with the following numbers are as follows: Constituency No. 1 consists of Phra Nakhon, Pom Prab Sat Phai, Samphanthawong, Dusit (except Nakhon Chai Si Road) and Bangrak Parames Wittayaraksan No. 5. Ratchathewithisana Chunhawan District No. 13Constituency No. 3 consists of Bang Kho Laem District, Yannawa Charyut District, Chaturapornprasit District No. 4, Constituency No. 4 consists of Khlong Toei District, Watthana Pandil District, Nuam Jerm District No. 2, Constituency No. 5 consists of Huai Khwang District, Wang Thonglang District (except Khlong Chao Khun Singh District). Kulalert No. 12The 6th constituency consists of Phaya Thai, Din Daeng, Kantapon Duangamporn. No. 3The 7th constituency consists of Bang Sue District, Dusit District (Nakhon Chaisri Road only), Passarin Ramwong. No. 7The 8th constituency consists of: Laksi District (except Talat Bang Khen), Chatuchak District (except Chantharakasem and Sena Nikhom) Constituency No. 9 consists of Bang Khen (except Tha Raeng), Chatuchak (only Chandrakasem and Sena Nikhom). Laksi District (Bang Khen Market only)Suphanat Minchai Nan No. 10The 10th constituency consists of Don Mueang Independence District. Udom Amnuay Constituency No. 11 consists of Sai Mai District (except Au Ngoen Subdistrict), Sasinan Thamnitinan District No. 3, Constituency No. 12 consists of Sai Mai District (Au Ngoen Subdistrict only), Bang Khen District (Tha Raeng Subdistrict only), Lat Phrao District (Khet Bua District only), Phuriwat Jaisamran District No. 5, Constituency No. 13 consists of Lat Phrao District (except Khet Bua District). Buengkum (except Khlong Kum)Thanadet Pengsuk No. 7The 14th constituency consists of Wang Thonglang District (Khlong Chao Khun Singh only). Bangkapi Sirilapat District No. 9Constituency No. 15 consists of Khan Na Yao District, Bueng Kum District (Khlong Kum District only). No. 6The 16th constituency consists of: Khlong Sam Wa District (except Sam Wa East and Sai Kong Din Tai) Pimkarn Kirativirapakorn No. 8Constituency No. 17 consists of: Nong Chok (except Khok Faet, Lam Phak Chi and Lam Toi Ting) Khlong Sam Wa District (only Sam Wa East and Sai Kong Din Tai Subdistrict) Weerawut Rakthiang No. 7, the 18th constituency consists of: Nong Chok (Khok Faet, Lam Phak Chi and Lam Toi Ting) Lat Krabang (Lam Pla Thio only) Minburi District (Saen Saep only)Theerachai Phanumas No. 8The 19th constituency consists of Min Buri District (except Saen Saep Subdistrict), Saphan Sung District (except Thap Chang Subdistrict), Kanpong. Prayoonsak No. 5Constituency No. 20 consists of Lat Krabang District (except Lam Pla Thio), Chumphon Lakkham No. 9Constituency No. 21 consists of Prawet District (except Nong Bon Subdistrict), Saphan Sung District (Thap Chang Subdistrict only), Nattapong Prempulsawat District No. 7, Constituency No. 22 consists of Suan Luang District, Prawet District (Nong Bon Subdistrict) Supakorn Tantipaiboontana No. 8The 23rd constituency consists of Phra Khanong district. Bangnapiyarat Chongthep No. 11The 24th constituency consists of Thonburi (except Wat Kanlaya, Hiranruchi and Bang Yirua). Khlong San District Ratburana District (Bangpakok only) as far as the earth. Lim Painter No. 9Constituency No. 25 consists of Thung Khru District, Rat Burana District (except Bang Pakok Subdistrict), Ansiri Walayoknok District No. 9, Constituency No. 26 consists of Bang Khun Thian District (Tha Kham Subdistrict only). Chom Thong District (except Bang Khun Thian) Chaiyampawan Manpianjit No. 11The 27th constituency consists of: Bangbon District (only Bangbon Tai and Khlong Bang Bon) Bang Khun Thian (except Tha Kham)Natcha Boonchai Insawat No. 1The 28th constituency consists of Chom Thong District (Bang Khun Thian only). Bang Bon District (except Bang Bon Tai and Khlong Bang Bon) Nong Khaem (Nong Khaem only)Rakchanok Srinok Constituency No. 4Constituency No. 29 consists of Bang Khae (only Bang Khae Nuea and Bang Phai), Nong Khaem (except Nong Khaem), Tisarat Laohapol No. 8, Constituency No. 30 consists of Bang Khae (except Bang Khae Nuea and Bang Phai), Phasi Charoen (Bang Wa, Bang Duan and Khlong Khwang) No. 4The 31st constituency consists of Thawi Watthana district. Taling Chan District (except Bang Sue Leather Subdistrict) Sirin Sanguansin No. 13Constituency No. 32 consists of Bangkok Noi District (Siriraj only). Bangkok Yai, Phasi Charoen (except Bang Wa, Bang Duan and Khlong Kwang) Taling Chan (Bang Sue Nang only) Thon Buri (Wat Kanlaya, Hiranruchi and Bang Yirua) Pawitra Jittakit No. 9The 33rd constituency consists of Bang Phlat, Bangkok Noi (except Siriraj). Yod Muang Charoen Number 6 
Open list of candidates Bangkok 33 districts, Ruam Thai Nation Building Party  |The list of candidates for the election of Bangkok MPs in all 33 districts with the numbers as follows: Constituency No. 1: Bang Rak, Phra Nakhon, Pom Prab Sat Phai, Samphanwong, Dusit (except Nakhon Chaisri Road). Constituency No. 1, Constituency No. 2, Sathorn, Pathum Wan, RatchatheveenMs. Sirinan Siripanich No. 10, Constituency No. 3, Bang Kho Laem, Yanawanai Nevinthu Chochaithip No. 8, Constituency No. 4, Khlong Toei, Wattana, Lao Thammatat No. 10, Constituency No. 5, Huai Khwang, Wang Thonglang (except Khlong Chao Khun Sing), Ms. Bharani Wattanachote No. 11, Constituency No. 6, Phaya Thai, Din Daeng District. Pettat No. 4Constituency No. 7, Bang Sue District, Dusit District (Nakhon Chai Si only)Mr. Choong Kong-Udom No. 1Constituency No. 8, Laksi District (except Talat Bang Khen), Chatuchak (except Chandrakasem and Sena Nikhom)Miss Aranya Maneejam No. 12, Constituency No. 9, Bang Khen District (except Tha Raeng Subdistrict), Chatuchak District (Chantharakasem and Sena Nikhom only), Laksi District (Bang Khen Market only)Miss Patcharanan Kosolsombatnond No. 7Constituency No. 10 Don Muang District Miss Natwarinthorn Bowonpakwutsiri No. 8Constituency No. 11, Saimai District (except Au Ngoen)Mr. Supadit Airrerk No. 5Constituency No. 12 (Au Ngoen only), Bang Khen (Tharang only), Lat Phrao District (Crocodile Bua Subdistrict)Mr. Sarram Phumchai No. 11, Sai Mai District, Constituency No. 13 (except Crocodile Bua Subdistrict), Buengkum District (except Khlong Kum)Mr.Sukol Gulsingh No.5, Lat Phrao District, Constituency No.14, Bang Kapi District, Wang Thonglang District (Khlong Chao Khun Singh District only)Ms.Thitipat Chotidecha Chainan No. 11Constituency No. 15 Khan Na Yao District, Bueng Kum District (Khlong Kum District only)Miss Kanchana Pawakranon Constituency No. 16, Khlong Sam Wa (except Sam Wa East and Sai Kong Din Tai), Mr. Nattanan Kalpyasiri No. 6, Constituency No. 17, Nong Chok (except Khok Faet, Lam Phak Chi and Lam Toi Ting), Khlong Sam Wa District (Sam Wa East and Kong Sai Din Tai Subdistrict) Mr. Rerkaree Nana No. 11Constituency No. 18 Nong Chok District (Khok Faet Subdistrict, Lam Phak Chi Subdistrict and Lam Toi Ting Subdistrict), Constituency No. 19 Minburi District (Saen Saep only), Saphan Sung District (except Thap Chang Subdistrict), Mr. Attawit Sewiset No. 2Constituency No. 20, Lat Krabang District (except Lam Pla Thio), Mr. Ranachai Sangkamitol No. 4Constituency No. 21 Prawet (except Nong Bon), Saphan Sung District (Thap Chang only), Mr. Prasit Mahamad No. 5Constituency No. 22, Suan Luang, Prawet (Nong Bon only), Mr. Pongpol Yodmuangcharoen Constituency No. 12Constituency No. 23 Phra Khanong, Bangna District Ayrada Bumrunrak District No. 1Constituency No. 24 Khlong San District, Thon Buri District (except Wat Kanlaya Subdistrict, Hiranruchi Subdistrict, and Bang Yirua Subdistrict), Rat Burana District (Bang Pakok District only) Constituency No. 7Constituency No. 25 Thung Khru, Rat Burana District (except Bang Prakok)Mr. Tosaporn Thongsiri No. 12Constituency No. 26 Bang Khun Thian District (Tha Kham only), Chom Thong District (except Bang Khun Thian Subdistrict)Mr. Min Lakstanon No. 7Constituency No. 27, Bang Bon District (only Bang Bon Tai and Khlong Bang Bon Subdistrict), Bang Khun Thian District (except Tha Kham Subdistrict)Mr. Pasakorn Ngerncharoenkul Constituency No. 28, Chom Thong District (Bang Khun Thian only), Bang Bon District (except Bang Bon Tai and Khlong Bang Bon Subdistrict), Nong Khaem District 8 (Nong Khaem only)Mr. Pana Rattanabanangkoon No. 8Constituency No. 29 Bang Khae District (Bang Khae Nuea and Bang Phai only), Nong Khaem (except Nong Khaem)Mr. Kriangkrai Chongcharoen Constituency No. 30, Bang Khae (except Bang Khae Nuea and Bang Phai), Phasi Charoen (Bang Wa, Bang Duan and Khlong Kwang) No. 7, Constituency No. 31, Thawi Watthana District Mr. Prawet Sawangsuk No. 5Constituency No. 32, Bangkok Noi (Siriraj only), Bangkok Yai, Phasi Charoen (except Bang Wa, Bang Duan and Wang Khlong Kwang), Thonburi (only Wat Kanlaya, Hiranruchi and Bang Yirua), Taling Chan District (Bang Sue Leather only)Mr. Itthiphat Settayuganon Constituency No. 33, Bang Phlat, Bangkok Noi (except Siriraj) Number 5  
"Peace" Men Xinsatak 37 Bad luck This number is blue ordered.|"Peace" Men Xinsatak 37 bad number to fire auspicious Tell this number to the sky ordered to catch 2 rounds to get the same Believe if "Gen. Prawit" sits as Prime Minister and follows the policy. 2 times (5 times) (April 2023) Mr. Santi Prompat, Secretary General of the Power Pracharath Party He confirmed that the number 37 that the party received from the candidate for the list of MPs is definitely an auspicious number that sticks to the brain. Easy to remember The small number is in front of the number, the lot is behind it, and it doesn't contradict anything when asked if some people say it's an auspicious number. Mr. Santi emotionally asked, "What is not auspicious? 37 This is already auspicious. If it's 6, 4 is another matter. Prejudice has nothing to do with luck. What's wrong with 3? What's wrong with 7? 37 is very good. And it's even good because of the candidate. Most of our MPs get a single number, so they don't have to get confused and don't have to adjust anything to make it easy to remember because it's easy to remember when asking if the Pracharath Party got this number since the queue and the number. Mr. Santi said that this number was ordered because when the president The SAT caught us 37 times, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The head of the Pracharath Power Party caught 37 is already considered an auspicious number, who is there, is there any party that has the same number like this, Mr. Santi also mentioned about adjusting the strategy to match the number 37, that we have 3 accelerated policies and 7 sub-policies that are auspicious numbers that people like. If the public were united when asked if there was another sin, that this number would cause serious internal problems, but it would result in Gen. Prawit can be prime minister for 2 years, saying that if the people are united to choose for him. Gen. Prawit is the Prime Minister and policies come out. He is confident that he has been 2 times even at the end, Mr. Santi continued to say that he has not yet shown the number 37, so he left the media to think of a smart move with related news. Urgent check! "RTSO" Soi No. 22 "For Thailand" 29 Lek Siu Ber Beautiful Pmove Party submits 5 proposals to the PDP "Paiboon" to say in line with party policy
List of candidates for Bangkok "Power Pracharat" in all 33 districts  |List of candidates for all 33 districts of the Power Pracharath Party in Bangkok with the number "Film Rattaphum in District 22 Prawet and Gen. Sonthi's son in District 31 List of candidates for the House of Representatives (MPs) Power Pracharath Party, all 33 districts, Bangkok with election numbers 2023, District 1, Phra Nakhon, Samphanthawong, Dusit, Bang Rak, Mr. Sarit Pairthong No. 11, District 2, Sathorn, Ratchataweep, ThumwanMr. Panit Wittayapat No. 11, District 3, Bangkorlaem, Yannawan, Chayapa Thandamrong No. 15, District 4, Klongtoey, WattanaMr.Phuwakorn Prangpornpitak District 8 District 5 Huai Khwang Wang ThonglangMr. Kan Kittiampon Number 4District 6 Din Daeng Lieutenant Governor Rachat Pisitbanakorn No. 10, District 7, Bang Sue, Dusit, Lieutenant Colonel Wattanarak Amnaksaradej No. 12, District 8, Chatuchak Laksi, Mr. Rangsan Current Kip District 7, District 9, Bangkhen, Chatuchak, Laksi, Mr. Pramote Petcharrit District 8 District 10 Don Muang Suchada Wesarachattrakul No. 3 District 11 Saimai Commander Aranyanak No. 7 District 12 Bang Khen Saimai Ladprao Noppawan Heartman Noppawan Heartman No. 12 District 13 Lat Phrao Wang Thonglang Mr. Phakdi Hans Golden Snow District 8 District 14 Bangkapi WangthonglangMiss Narumon Rattanapuban Number 5District 15 Khannayao BuengkumMiss Nirin Ngernyuang District 8 District 16 Khlong Sam Wanai Kitiphum Neelapaijit Number 12 District 17 Nong Chok District 10District 18 Minburi LadkrabangMr. Peerapong Rasmee No. 4District 19 Minburi Sung Bridge Nang Nathaya Dangbunga No. 10District 20 LadkrabangMr. Boonrung Dengjongdee District 1 District 21 Prawet Sung Bridge Miss Praew Kitsuwan No. 2, District 22, Suan Luang Pravetnairattaphum Tokongsap District 1District 23 Prakanong BangnaMr. Trisit Siriwan No. 5District 24 Klongsan Thonburi RatburanaMr. Sansana Suriyayothin District 1 District 25 Thung Khru Rat BuranaMr. Rapeepat Sumethchotimetha Number 2District 26 Chom Thong Bang Khun Thian Mr. Anuchan Kwangthong Number 3 District 27 Bang Bon Bang Khun Thian Mr. Saroj Seungpaisankul District 12District 28 Nong Khaem Bang Bon Chom ThongMr. Manop Marungruang Number 1District 29 Bang Khae Nong KhaemMr. Ekachai Pongjit District 7, District 30, Bangkae, Phasi Charoen, Mr. Sitthichok, Solar No. 11, District 31, Thawi Watthana Talingchan.Lt.Nithi Boonyaratklin District 1District 32 Bangkok Noi Bangkok Yai Phasi Charoen Taling Chan Thonburi.S.Bunanda Supiyaphan District 6District 33 Bang Phlat Bangkok Noi Mr. Komsan Panvichatkul (incomplete document) 
Analysis: Partylist|Unite Thai Nation Building (RTTC), although it is a party that breaks away from the power of the state and is considered a rival in the electoral field, but there are both similarities and interesting differences. When looking at the list of MPs in the list system or the party list, Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha as the prime minister's candidate in the Ruam Thai Build the Nation party list. He did not run for party-list MP and may be good at administrative work, but Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan is both candidates for prime minister. Power Pracharath Party and run for the party's No. 1 partylist MP as well as ready to work in the legislative field. Even by personality, he may not be good at working in the House of Commons with a laconic man. Big House Nakhon Ratchasima including Pim Aswame Daughter of Mr. Poonphon (brother of Mr. Chanmsawat) and Mrs. Prapaporn Aswame. Heir of the Great House Aswame In addition, there are "representatives of Ban Yai" in many provinces. Reflecting the traditional political strategy has not changed, however, it is believed that these "big houses" will definitely flag MPs for the party. No need to sit back and win like other political strategies as the Ruam Thai Party builds the nation. Try to collect the "big house" as well, but the level and number will be less, such as Mr. Suchart Chomklin, still has the status of just a "new house", Chonburi must exert force to measure the potential with "Big House", Khun Pluem or Mr. Chaiwat Paopiemsap. New house Chachoengsao to win "Big House" like Shine and Tancharoen that is a bigger bone than even more partylist MPs are mostly planetary groups, not stars with their own light or have MPs affiliated with it in chunks. This group will aim to live Gen Prayuth is a selling point, rather than a booster to the party's number of MPs. Also prepare a lawyer like Mr. Paiboon Nittawan at the ready. For the operation "Seize the Parliament", which was the beginning of the vote to elect the Prime Minister from the members of the Pracharath Power Party. He also secretly hoped that "Ban Yai" would help fill the partylist votes to make the top 10 lists a "safe zone" area, while the Ruam Thai National Building Party had to secretly hope that the poll results would be converted into real points in practice so that the top 15 lists would be "safe zones". The main leaders of the party in the Northeast region who may have to win like "ghost children", the party list of "Big Pom" still has a chance to go on even if it does not win the number 1 among all political parties.
R.A.60 Open the "Candidates" field. The Prime Minister doesn't have to be a party-list congressman.   |According to the 2017 constitution, the candidate to become prime minister does not have to be an MP. Therefore, it is not a statutory requirement when the Constitution does not provide for it. This case has been controversial since the 2019 election, in which many political parties are of the opinion that the nominee for the post of Prime Minister must also run for election as an MP. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, Ung Ing, Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Settha Thaweesin, two of whom were listed as Pheu Thai Party candidates, and Korn Jatikwanich. The leader of the National Development Party dared. The question was raised whether the grace of the Prime Minister should come from MPs to have a source of attachment with the people. Gen. Prayuth has been questioned all along. Meanwhile, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The head of the Pracharath Party also expressed his opposition to Gen Prayut by saying that although the constitution does not stipulate that the prime minister must come from a list system or a district MP, Gen Prayuth's death card has significant implications that raise the question of not joining the party list or not running for district MPs. What should be the ladder of the rise to the post of Prime Minister? Don't flip the dart to Thailand filed "Pae Thongtarn-Settha-Chaikasem" Prime Minister's candidacy   
Don't flip the dart to Thai filed "Pae Thongtarn-Settha-Chaikasem" Prime Minister's candidacy |Don't flip the dart. Pheu Thai Party submitted the party's prime ministerial candidacy. "Pae Thongtarn-Settha-Chaikasem" today (5 April 2023) prasert a The Secretary-General of the Pheu Thai Party submitted the list of the 3 prime ministerial candidates of the Pheu Thai Party to the Election Commission (SEC), namely Ms. Paethong Tarn Shinawatra, Mr. Settha Thaweesin and Mr. Chai Kasem. Nitisiri The three Prime Ministers' candidates will unveil on the stage "Think Big, Act for All Thais" and show their vision at Thunder Dome Stadium, Muang Thong Thani today (April 5) at 5.30 pm.
"Thai Built Thai" Open list of candidates Bangkok 33 districts |"Thai Built Thai" Open list of candidates All 33 Bangkok MPs with the number "Keng Karun" in District 10 with new candidates List of candidates for the House of Representatives (MPs) The Thai Party created all 33 districts of Bangkok with district number 1, Phra Nakhon, Samphanthawong, Dusit, Bang Rak Suwadee Panpanich No. 7 District 2 Sathorn, Ratchataweep Thumwanthawatchai Piyanonthaya No. 8, District 3 Bang Kho Laem, Yannawa Narutchai Bunnag No. 11, District 4 Klongtoey, Wattanasaranyapakorn Sunthornpiyakulpat, No. 4 District 5, Huai Khwang, Wang Thonglang Pannarat Panitsirinun No. 7, District 6, Dindaeng, Phayathai Rattanamongkol, Lerttaweewit District 8 District 7 Bang Sue Dusit Taweechai Wongpairojkul Number 2, District 8, Chatuchak Laksinicha District 3 District 9 Bang Khen Chatuchak Laksi Lt. Col. Dr. Kriangkrai Krainara Number 4 District 10 Don Mueang Karun Hosakul Number 2District 11 Saimai Somchai Wesarachattrakul Number 9District 12 Bang Khen Saimai Lat Phrao Prawet Wallopbanhan Number 3District 13 Lat Phrao Wang Thonglang Pattaradanai Mai Phranet Number 12District 14 Bang Kapi Wang Thonglang Trirat Sirichandropas Number 12District 15 Khannayao Buengkumman Charoenwan District 3, District 16, Klongsamwapiyanuch, Jongbanjerd Number 5, District 17, Nong Chok. Khlong Sam Wa Mangkon Sirisripho No. 12, District 18, Nong Chok, Minburi, Lat Krabang, Lt. Col. Wathit Thanakitkasmanee No. 12, District 19, Minburi, Saowalak Bridge, Yongwanijit, No. 13, District 20, Lat Krabang, where Lt. Yingnuchanat is manned. District 14 District 21 Prawet Sung Bridge Waranya Andaris No. 10 District 22 Suan Luang Prawetthanwa Krairirk Number 11 District 23 Prakanong Bangna Panitan Prachuap Ideal District 4 District 24 Klongsan Thonburi Rat Buranapat Nijsiriphat Number 12 District 25 Thung Khru Rat Burana Amornsak Sinlai Number 1District 26 Chom Thong Bang Khun Thian Thawatchai Thongsima District 1 District 27 Bang Bon Bang Khun Thian Setsan Chanthong Number 10 District 28 Bang Bon Chom Thong Somporn Kong Korad District 6 District 29 Bang Khae Nong Khaem Kiti Wong Rose District 10 District 30 Bang Khae Phasi Charoen Peer Rojanadara Number 3 District 31 Thawi Watthana Taling Chan Dr. Kantapong Deechaiya District 7, District 32, Bangkok Noi, Bangkok Yai, Phasi Charoen, Taling Chan, Thonburi Nithisani Odor Panphanhiran, No. 10, District 33, Bangplad, Bangkok Noi Natthawat fairly Number 12 
Court orders "Chuvit" not to campaign - alluding to "Proud Thai" marijuana knot|Supachai said the court banned Chuvit from campaigning or alluding to the Proud Thai Party about marijuana until ordered otherwise. Today (5 Apr 2023) Mr. Supachai Jaissamut said yesterday (April 4) The Proud Thai Party authorized itself to file a lawsuit in the civil court. In the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Offences against the Proud Thai Party In spreading the news, breaking the news, violating the reality causing damage to the party, suing for infringement and seeking damages, as well as filing a request for interim protection and an emergency hearing. Mr Chuvit was prohibited from proceeding with the indictment, which was a misrepresentation against the Proud Thai Party yesterday (April 4). After the Tribunal considers that the petition is It may be an indictment, which may affect the constitutional freedom of expression, which the petition is not specific, it is a general petition, so the petition was dismissed today (April 5). The Proud Thai Party has filed a request for interim protection. Another emergency hearing was requested, and the hearing was completed this afternoon as follows: Considering the evidence of the plaintiff, the facts can be heard that the defendant gave interviews to various media outlets, including radio, television and electronic media, as well as using broadcasters to announce the facts according to the complaint in public to make the general public understand that the plaintiff has policies that are not beneficial to the public and that the members of the plaintiff are not suitable to be elected as members of the House of Representatives. The facts as stated by the defendant or widely disclosed to the general public have not been proven to be true as claimed by the defendant or not. Therefore, the act is repeated and continued. The plaintiff alleges that the defendant committed an infringement. After considering the plaintiff's statement together with the defendant's video and audio recorded by DVD at the end of the indictment and the object of witness No. 1, it was determined that on April 4, 2023, The defendant said to the general public with the message, "No pride in Thailand, no marijuana madness." In addition, the defendant used a sign that read, "Marijuana sales party, youth addicted to marijuana because...", which can be understood by the general public as referring to the plaintiff. Even if the defendant has freedom of expression. Speaking, writing, typing However, such actions must not violate the rights or freedoms of other persons under the law. When the plaintiff is protected under Section 423 of the Civil and Commercial Code, which prohibits anyone from making widespread statements or dissemination of news. If the statement is contrary to reality, damages the reputation or honor of the plaintiff, or damages the way of earning or prosperity of the plaintiff, the plaintiff is of the opinion that the suit against the plaintiff has sufficient grounds and grounds to apply the pre-judgment interim relief for the application for a temporary injunction prohibiting the defendant from doing so. In campaigning for the people not to elect the plaintiff in the election of members of the House of Representatives, it was observed that such action was specifically prohibited by law under Section 73 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives B.E. 2561 (2018), which is a criminal act. The court does not need another interim injunction if the plaintiff asks the court to restrain the defendant from making any statement or acting in any way in relation to the auction of the Orange Line project related to the plaintiff. The defendant has repeatedly or continued by saying or acting in any way in relation to the auction of the Orange Line project in relation to the plaintiff. Therefore, there is no need for a temporary injunction in this respect and therefore an injunction restraining the defendant from making any statement or acting in any way only with respect to marijuana relating to the plaintiff pending consideration until ordered otherwise. In order to mitigate the damages that the plaintiff may continue to suffer due to the actions of the defendant under Section 254 (2) of the Code of Civil Procedure. He said the court officials had already sent the restraining warrant to Mr. Chuvit. 
"Chuvit" pointed out silenced. After Proud Thai petitioned the court to ban talking about marijuana|"Chuvit" pointed to silence in case Proud Thai Party petitioned the court to ban speech about marijuana Stating that it is the legitimate right of the people to oppose unregulated cannabis from the court order banning "Chuvit Kamolvisit" from campaigning or alluding to the Proud Thai Party on cannabis until ordered otherwise, today (April 5, 2023) at 6.30 p.m., Mr. Chuvit posted a message on Facebook "silence the people" stating that the Proud Thai Party petitioned the court to "silence" me in opposing marijuana. The first request for an emergency interim hearing was made yesterday (April 4). The court dismissed the petition and refiled it today (April 5). "I affirm that it is the legitimate right of the people to oppose unregulated cannabis. Unlocking marijuana from drug accounts Formed by the Proud Thai Party, led by party leader Anutin Charnvirakul and Health Minister, the opposition will continue. I will never back down, even if the law is used to silence me." Read related news Court bans "Chuvit" campaign alluding to "Proud Thai" marijuana knot 
"For Thailand" Big Speech Chu 11 Policies Moving Forward Land Slide |"For Thailand" Grand Speech and Launch of 3 Prime Minister candidates "Paethongtarn-Settha-Chaikasem" announces 11 policies to reduce the burden of living Generate income and improve quality of life Moving forward with the landslide Yesterday (5 Apr 2023) The Pheu Thai Party held its first major speech with the event "Think Big, Act for All Thais" at Thunder Dome Stadium, Muang Thong Thani, and unveiled the three Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidates, namely Ms. Paethongtarn Shinawatra, Settha Thaweesin and Chai Kasem. Nitisiri at the event has executives. Member of the Executive Committee of the Party Candidates 100 MPs from Pheu Thai Party's roster system, district system MPs, party members Pheu Thai Party supporters and the public attended the event. The Pheu Thai Party has opened 11 The policies announced by the Pheu Thai Party's Prime Minister candidate at the event were: 1. Stimulate the entire economy. Top up 10,000 baht for everyone to spend 4 km closer to home for all Thais aged 16 years and over with a validity period of 6 months.2. Reduce inequality Every household earns at least 20,000 baht per month3. Enhance quality of life Minimum wage 600 baht per day Bachelor's degree 25,000 baht per month by 20274. 1 Family 1 Soft Power Free education, jobs, 20 million jobs created Income 200,000 baht per year5.BTS 20 baht throughout the line The Pheu Thai Party will negotiate with various sectors to reduce the fare price of the sky train to 20 baht throughout the line to reduce the burden of expenses and increase the quality of life for the people.6.Reduce fuel prices. Electricity, LPG It will accelerate negotiations on overlapping areas to increase cheap natural gas resources, allowing the state to earn royalty revenue, as well as supporting clean energy. 7. Debt moratorium for farmers for 3 years and increase income to 3 times within 4 years to reduce the burden of livelihoods.8. Expedite the issuance of title deeds, amend the law, prove rights. Procurement of arable land 50 million rai Increase green space nationwide.9. Bureaucratic reform, convenient and fast. Reduce corruption with digital government10. Crack down on drugs Effective in 1 year by cracking down on manufacturers and sellers full and turn the eater into a patient11. Solve PM 2.5 problems at every root by pushing for the Clean Air Act for basic human rights. Solve problems immediately with advance dust alerts. Evacuate vulnerable groups to safe areas. Solve the problem at every sourceDr. Chonnan Srikaew The Pheu Thai Party leader made a speech stating that today The Pheu Thai Party has submitted the list of all 3 prime ministers to the Election Commission (SEC) and the Pheu Thai Party has already drawn the party number 29. Two feet stepped into the booth for Thai No. 29, ending General Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Removing the Prayuth regime along with 250 senators and a network of 3 MPs, Dr. Chonnan added that he had repeatedly confirmed and made it clear again that the Pheu Thai Party would not shake anyone's hand. There are no secret deals with anyone and the 3 prime ministerial candidates. The Pheu Thai Party is confident that it is a person who is ready with qualifications, has no prohibited characteristics and has a heart that truly wants to serve to take care of the people. While the Mr. Chaikasem Nitasiri Pheu Thai Party's prime minister candidate declared his position as a candidate for prime minister in this election, saying that he still adheres to the rule of law and good rule of law and believes that the law is a tool of the state to regulate the activities of society. He also discussed in detail 3 policies that will create good jurisprudence, promote a better economy and good lives for everyone, namely, make the justice system equal to justice, reform the entire bureaucracy to return to the heart of the people, and amend the Pheu Thai Party Constitution. Lagging laws It will upgrade government agencies to digital so that people can access government services in one place and be able to monitor through blockchain transparently, switch fee payments to electronic systems, and use "Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC)" in government outsourcing and operations. To prevent corruption in the bureaucracy and upgrade the country's financial system, as well as to support the establishment of "Open Government" to provide access to information to all sectors in order to benefit the Constitution and protect people's freedoms. It must come from the people's choice and there must be a clause for preventing a coup to be an offence of treason. There is no statute of limitations, as the Pheu Thai Party has previously proposed, in order to make the Thai constitution a democratic system with the King as head of state. not being used as a tool to seize power again while Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidate Paetongtarn Shinawatra reiterated her landslide stance. The 30th prime minister of the country came from the Pheu Thai Party, although only one of the three candidates was elected to lead the government management team and push forward the Pheu Thai Party's policies to reclaim democracy and create wealth for all people. Economic stimulus policy in many matters, including "topping up digital wallets" Finding a market for Thai manufacturers Pushing for soft power policiesInfrastructure development that is on par with the world systematically From systematic irrigation management to PM2.5 solutions, Mr. Settha concluded that the enemy of the Thai people is poverty. Inequality Victory, victory over those things, is the real goal of his determination to come to work so that the people can have a better life. Therefore, we must ask all Thai people to help as a force. Send for Thailand to form a government to have the 30th Prime Minister from the Pheu Thai Party. The whole party, to forward a brighter future. There is hope for our children.
"Jurin" Won "Democrat" back to support  |"Jurin" pleaded with "Democrats" to come back to support "Democrat No. 26" to ensure the institution of politics. Today (6 Apr 2023) Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party told the media that many people were waiting at the party on the occasion of the 77th anniversary of the Democratic Party. As the party executive, he must lead the Democrat army into the upcoming elections, which the Democrats are very ready, along with the people, with policies, and along with the party leader who is the next candidate for the election campaign, will focus on organizing 3 armies, as already emphasized: 1. The army of the party leader. 2. General Secretary of the Party 3. The army of former party leaders who will campaign all over the country, and we are confident that the results of this election Democrats will be better received by people from all regions in Bangkok, North, South, Northeast, and Central from our continuous field visits for the party members who left us last time but this time we urge them to come back and help us, come to help the Democrats, let's join hands in solidarity with the Democratic people to lead the Democrats to success in the elections, not for us but for a better and sustainable future for our country. with honesty and integrity and for the common good. When asked by reporters about the outstanding selling point of the Democratic Party is that it has been a political institution for 77 years, unlike other political parties, Mr. Jurin said that this is an important selling point, and if people choose us, they will not be disappointed and can be trusted. To serve the people, Mr. Jurin said that everything we formulate as policies to drive the country in this campaign is based on responsibility for what we think. We have done it and crystallized it all for the whole Thai people when asked by reporters for their opinion on the launch of a political party's candidacy and the announcement of policies that may or may not be promised. Mr. Jurin said he did not know and asked not to judge other parties, we did ours by asking our brothers and sisters to help us elect Democrats. He asked not to be alluded to because he saw this as the best way to campaign and what the people wanted, Mr. Jurin said. Furthering the format of the Democrat campaign, there will be no unnecessary mention of other parties unless there is an allusion in a way that the party is damaged or the people are misunderstood. The head of the Democratic Party said it had planned several forms of at least three troops to patrol the country. But some provinces are divided and will try to reach the whole country again before election day. Small speeches, including caravan patrols to meet the people in the village. As for the Democratic Party's main speech in Bangkok, which will be held at the Town Hall tomorrow (April 7, 2023), Mr. Jurin said that in the Bangkok area, it must be learned that Bangkok is the breath of democracy. We hope that we can recover all the lost feedback from the last election when we look at the constant feedback that we have been on the ground and we have never left the people of Bangkok. In the face of the COVID crisis, Democrats are one of the few parties that have continued to provide care by setting up emergency centers that can provide 5-6,000 beds for patients. So by the time of the election of the Governor of Bangkok, even though we were not elected, the Democrats came in 2nd place, winning many political parties that competed, 9 seats for the Senate and 7 seats for 2nd place. This is my beacon to those who left us last time. Let's come back and support the Democratic Party to continue doing it for the country." The head of the Democratic Party speaks every April 6 every year. The Democratic Party will hold a merit ceremony for the anniversary of its founding at its headquarters. This year, the Democratic Party's 77th anniversary and 78th anniversary has held merit ceremonies for all 3 religions. The ceremony of the sacrifice of Mother Earth squeezed the hair boxing and the Buddhist ceremony with the prominent figures of the party. Mr. Abhisit Vejjajiva Mr. Kanchan Norm Mr. Chamni Sakdiset Mr. Niphon Bunyamanee Mr. Suthat Ten Thousand Mrs. Kanlaya Sophonpanich Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon Prof.Dr.Suchatvee Suwansawat Ms. Watanya Bunnag, Mr. Naris Khamnurak to MPs candidates from Bangkok and other provinces. Supporters and members of the public attended the event in large numbers, attending the ceremony as vigorously as every year.
"Sim Khamsa", candidate for Congressman District 7 Nonthaburi disqualified|Pheu Thai Party prepares to field new MP candidate in District 7 Nonthaburi to replace disqualified "Simmon Khamsa" Found not used to repair voters. Today (6 April 2023) Mr. Simmon Khamsa, Pheu Thai Party MP candidate in the 7th constituency, Nonthaburi province Posting on Facebook, he wrote, "Thank you for supporting me and the Pheu Thai Party. The day has ended as a candidate. I'm sorry I couldn't follow my ideology," the Election Commission of Nonthaburi reported. It was found that Mr. Sim did not go to vote to repair the municipal council member (MP). In the past 8 months, the Pheu Thai Party will select new MPs and conduct primaries. Applications are expected to be made by April 7.
"Proud Thai" makes merit to the 15th year "Chaiwut - Santi" Panting Basket Congratulations |Proud Thai Party enters its 15th year by launching candidates Zonal MPs are ready to release the song "Anutin as Prime Minister" today (6 April 2023) at the office of the Proud Thai Party. The party celebrated its 15th year and launched candidates for the House of Representatives in constituencies and lists, led by Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party. Politicians from various parties also came to congratulate him, such as Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn. Minister of Digital Economy and Society As Deputy Head of the Power Pracharath Party and Mr. Santi Prompat, Deputy Minister of Finance as Secretary-General of the Power Pracharath Party, with a basket of flowers to congratulate the party, the Proud Thai Party side was Mr. Songsak Thongsri, Interior Minister, Deputy Party Leader, and Mr. Supachai Phosu. The former Deputy Speaker of the House of Assembly represented Mr. Chaiwut wishing him success in the election and reiterated that he would win together. While Mr. Songsak said that the Proud Thai Party has joined the government for 4 years, which has always worked for the people, and Mr. Chaiwut said that he hopes to continue working together, Mr. Santi reiterated that joining the government from now on depends on the people, but with good relations and working policies, and is confident that this election will be able to coexist with the government. Revealed that after getting the party number, he went to more areas. He also stated that the Pheu Thai Party launched the 10,000 baht digital money policy, saying that he personally did not want to criticize other parties but was confident that the Proud Thai Party's policies were useful and people could rely on them. The policy must have a good quality of life, not ask for it, and the party must respond to everything, which if done this is considered disrespectful to the people for a while, Mr. Anutin emphasized that in the last 4 years, The Proud Thai Party continues to grow and dominate the media space, which is the hard work of the party's seven ministers, including the vice president and party leaders, who are committed to working for the party's reputation. The results are evident in this election. There are many people who join Proud Thai and will make everyone believe that this is the last place to make merit to the party today is merit making of 2 religions. On the occasion of entering his 15th year, Mr. Anutin reiterated that the Proud Thai Party will not cede the position to anyone. If the most will be the mainstay to form the government and be confident that in this election, the Proud Thai Party will get a 3-digit number of seats and send itself as prime minister.   
Phuket MP candidate "goes a long way" Supporting art using hand-drawn posters on campaign floats |"Thitikant", a candidate for the Far Congress, Phuket Use hand-drawn posters on campaign floats Reveal the idea from a movie float Calling for public feedback, reiterating the far-reaching policy aimed at encouraging people to make arts. From a trend that went viral on social media. In the case of Mr. Thitikarn Thitiprutikul's campaign float applicant Phuket MP for District 3, the Progressive Party, which has brought movie poster artists to hand paint campaign signs on cars instead of printing campaign signs in general, has become one of the colors of the campaign in Phuket province. I have seen pictures of movie floats with hand-painted posters like this running everywhere as usual. In a world where technology is not as technological as it is today. It takes a painter to paint a movie poster on a car, parading around various areas. As a result, many float painting people lost their jobs. And now this parade is gone when the election campaign begins. He who is interested in party policies goes a long way. In terms of promoting the creative industry, especially Thai films, such a format has been used instead of hiring a printing house as usual, when it appears that many people, especially the elderly, who have experienced the image of movie floats in the past, began to think of the atmosphere of old memories. As a result, many people began to turn their attention to the party more and more, including the Thai film industry, which is one of the important soft powers, a creative industry that can be exported to the world. The Progressive Party has a policy to promote Thai people who make movies to have welfare and freedom of work. Progress must always take the same things and develop them better and more contemporary to enrich the lives of all people, no matter how the world progresses. Everyone gets to do the job they love, a job that creates value. No one lost Mr. Thitikant's job. It is also stated that in the Phuket province. In addition to tourism, we also have many opportunities and potential in creative industries that can enhance the potential of the province. It will provide Phuket residents with a stable income throughout the year. No need to rely only on tourism revenue. This is the policy that the Far Step Party cares about, and I would like to leave the Step Forward Party as one of the choices of the Phuket people as well.
"Chuvit" appeals ban on marijuana policy|Chuvit prepares to appeal ban on criticism of Proud Thai Party's marijuana policy Tomorrow (April 7) Affirmed its opposition to free cannabis today (6 April 2023) Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, former politician Held a press conference with an invitation to symbolize, wore a black shirt, covered his eyes with a black cloth and used black tape to cover his mouth. To convey the deprivation of people's rights and liberties. After the civil court granted a temporary injunction as requested by the Proud Thai Party, Chuvit was banned. Speaking about cannabis-related Proud Thai Party during trial Yesterday (April 5), Mr. Chuvit revealed that he as a citizen has the right to freedom to speak out against the disadvantages of cannabis, a policy of the Proud Thai Party that was unlocked without a vote in parliament. There was no public hearing, only the announcement of the order of the Ministry of Health, and there was no clear law to regulate it. This led to more liberal use than medical use, but the Proud Thai Party offered only the advantages of Mr. Chuvit. The assertion that the respondent to this matter does not intend to overstep or violate the court order, but it is desirable to do so. Tomorrow (April 7), the appeal will be filed in court. If the appeal results in any direction, they are ready to follow the court order, but in their own way, and will continue to oppose free marijuana and insist that the marijuana policy is a public policy that political parties use in their campaigns and that the Proud Thai Party is not an individual or a juristic person, so people can criticize such issues. If the Proud Thai Party will attack back. He's ready to fight. 
"Chaiwut" is confident that the response to Lopburi people is very good. Expect the "NHS." Won the provincial lift|"Chaiwut" is confident. Lopburi sounds good, especially the policy of 700 Lopburi people. I like it very much. Identify like " Gen. Prawit" because it's true. Do it for real. Today (6 Apr 2023) Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn, deputy leader of the Power Pracharath Party, went to Lopburi province to help the candidates in all 5 districts of Lopburi campaign by opening a forum to listen to people's opinions in District 5, Chaibadan district to help Mr. Sanan Promsuk, the candidate. No. 6 Power Pracharath Party, Mr. Chaiwut revealed that today he came to Lopburi to be confident that Lopburi MPs have a chance to win the province because the people have responded very well, especially the 700 baht policy of Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the Power Pracharath Party and a 1-year State Welfare Card will be 8,400 baht, if you stay for 4 years, it is 33,6000 baht, which will help with living expenses and truly benefit the people. The public is very popular.
Ting "For Thai" gives away 10,000 baht digital money for populist campaign|Echoing the case of Pheu Thai Party's prime minister candidate Settha Thaweesin, announced a policy to distribute 10,000 baht of digital money to 16-year-olds and older. Politicians face the original joke indication. People aren't paupers. Academics are just campaigning, risking budgets. In the case of Mr. Settha Thaweesin One of Pheu Thai Party's prime ministerial candidates announced a policy to top up digital wallets of 10,000 baht for people aged 16 and over. Spend in 6 months by shopping from shops within a 4km radius around the property. This isn't the first time policies have been contested by numbers. Adjusting the campaign method after getting the Parlist number 37 using the same slogan as Uniting Thailand to Build the Nation, which Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha had previously announced to increase the state welfare card to 1,000 baht. Economists think the policy is to give away 10,000 baht if it is actually done. The advantage is to stimulate the economy, but believe that this year the economy will already expand, and there is already more than 96 billion baht from the election period that stimulates the economy, so this policy is more about campaigning than Chaiwut Thanakhamanusorn, deputy leader of the Power Pracharath Party, sees this policy as the old joke of the Thai people, such as the old 1 million baht per village fund. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, said he did not want to criticize but was confident that the party's policies were useful and practical, and reiterated that the people were not paupers, but benefactors to the party. Therefore, the quality of life of people must be improved. And the party gave everything just like Assoc. Prof. Pichai Rattanadilok Na Phuket, Dean of the Faculty of Social Development and Strategic Management Nida. The Facebook post questioned "What is Thailand doing?" and analyzed that 54 million Thais aged 16 and over if they had to pay 10,000 baht each, it would cost more than 540,000 million baht. Confident that the response to Lopburi people is very good. Expect the "NHS." Won the provincial lift 
"Chatchat" threatens to keep campaign signs blocking entrances and exits|Bangkok governor warns political parties to be wary of placing campaign signs and not obstructing them after villagers started complaining and opened more than 20 areas for political parties to hold campaign speeches. Today, the NCPO-NHRC gave a big speech today (April 7, 2023). Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok Come to the area to see the arrangement of the place in the courtyard of the city people, which today has requested to use the space to prepare a big speech stage in the election campaign of the Democratic Party. In addition, there will be a speech platform of 2 other political parties, namely the Pracharath Power Party. Held at Benjasiri Park Khlong Toei District and the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party Held at Benjakiti Park At the same time, the posting of campaign signs at various places in Bangkok has now started to receive complaints from the public. If there is a problem, Bangkok needs to keep cluttered signs. Untidy or placed in a way that conceals the entrance and exit of the alley that requires careful reading related news, examining a close female friend. Head of Revenue Department Ratchathewi District Found 5 million in circulation.  
"Sublime" Claiming to have bought and sold the NCC card. Northeast Thailand Pre-register for the election|"Sublime" Claim: There is an ID card trading at Amnatcharoen province, Ubon Ratchathani, pre-registration for the election, preparing to submit The SAT inspected and pointed out that the city affairs had already taken place. (April 2023) prasert a Pheu Thai Party Secretary-General said there were complaints from people from Amnat Charoen province in Ubon Ratchathani province claiming that there were alleged fraudulent actions in the election of members of the House of Representatives (MPs). In the area, by the way, a number of people have made a request for an ID card. Buy ID cards of voters in Amnat Charoen province, Ubon Ratchathani, collect them in large numbers and then pre-register for the election outside the constituency, which is open for people to register through the website and Smart Vote application until April 9, 2023. After this, the Pheu Thai Party will file a complaint against the Mr. Prasert said that what happened reflected that the Pheu Thai Party's assessment of the situation that the political banking would be widespread during the election period has already occurred. Bargaining with money power to gain dominance just because you want to stay in power. This was done out of fear of losing power, despite failing for almost 10 years, which is the abomination of all democratic rule. The Pheu Thai Party is campaigning hard to win elections because real power must come only from the consensus of the people. Therefore, it will be considered as real in the rule of Thailand, related news. : Ting "For Thailand" gives away 10,000 baht digital money to campaign for populism "For Thailand" big speech Chu 11 policies to move forward with land slide
"First debut" to evade Speech after the dissolution of Parliament|"Chuan" with "Jurin" Lead the army The NCPO took the stage to address the people of the city this evening.  Aim to continue campaigning nationwide until before election day, asking the NCPO to elect good people without corruption in the country to parliament today (April 7, 2023). Mr. Churin Laksanavisit revealed that the party's main speech at Bangkok's People's Square on Friday, April 7, will start at 5.30 p.m. onwards. leader The NCPO led the army of Bangkok MP candidates, the NCPO and the list of MPs candidates, and Mr. Chuan Leekpai. The former Speaker of the National Assembly, the former leader of the party, will also take the stage for his first major speech. After the completion of the main speech in Bangkok, Mr. Chuan along with the candidate A number of roster MPs. Will join the walking group to help campaign for the candidate. Ahead of the nationwide election on Sunday, May 14, 2023, the NCPO is confident that Mr. Chuan Leungpai and party members across the country will be an important part of making the people see the determination of the Meanwhile, yesterday evening (April 6, 2023) went to Tha Tern market. Klongsan District Help guide Miss SIRIPA INTAWICHIAN applicant Congressman for District 11 to get to know the people of Klongsan. Ask the people to choose good people to govern the country, reiterating that the NCPO has been around for 77 years because it works with integrity and integrityRead more: "Chatchat" threatens to keep campaign signs to obstruct - close the entrance and exit of "Prasert" Claiming to have bought and sold the NCC card. Northeast Thailand Pre-register for the election
"Thanks. Sweet Glass" to run for Partylist MP upholding wage policy of 712 baht per day |"Thanks. Sweet Glass" former mainstay Class 2 candidate for Social Democratic Party's partylist MP got number 58 to raise wage policy of 712 baht per day to bring PTT back to the state. Petrol price reduced by 10 baht per liter yesterday ( 6 Apr 23) Reporter Report Mr. Savit Kaewwan, former leader of the People's Alliance for Democracy Class 2 and leader of the Social Democratic Party, ran for the list system of MPs with the political party identification number 58. Tackling inequality affecting workers Peasant farmers Ethnic people Poor people Provide universal social welfare. Free education up to a bachelor's degree, debt cancellation, raising the standard of the public health system, free treatment for all diseases. Expand social security entitlement Build hospitals, labor banks, collect taxes, reform land and release unfair debts for farmers. Farmer promotes environmental protection Promote the protection of the cooperative system and promote the unionization of workers into unions. The federation and of the people, all walks of life, stopped the privatization of all forms of state enterprises. Energy reform Transportation to reduce public expenditures oil, gas, water, electricity, transportation, transportation costs must be fair. PTT returned to the state. Reduce the price of petrol by 10 baht per liter and adopt the convention. International Labour Organization (ILO) No. 87 Freedom of Expression No. 98 Right to Bargaining Female workers are on maternity leave for 180 days with full pay. The husband is on 30 days of paid leave to take care of his wife and children. Universal subsidy 0 - 12 years 3,000 baht/monthShort-term termination temporary Government employees must be equated as full-time employees. Receive money from the national budget. The minimum wage must not be less than 712 baht per day and must establish a wage structure system and issue measures to control the prices of goods necessary for living seriously. The list of 5 MPs is as follows: No. 1 Mr. Savit Kaewwan (Party Leader), No. 2 Mr. Charlie Loisung (Deputy Party Leader), No. 3 Ms. Sanae Hongthong (Registrar of Party Members), No. 4 Mrs. Aphantree Charoensak (Party Spokesperson), No. 5 Mr. Somsak Manop (Party Director). The Social Democratic Party of Thailand has also submitted 5 candidates for district MPs in 2 provinces, namely Chonburi 4 districts and Nakhon Si Thammarat 1 district, with the following names: 1. Mr. Paitoon Bangrong in District 2 No. 10, 2. Mr. Nattawat Wangsuddee in District 3 No. 10, 3. Mr. Supoj Thapmongkol District 6 No. 11, 4. Mr. Mongkol Triphan District 7, No. 9 and Nakhon Si Thammarat Mr. Sittipong Chouvong District 2, Number 11 
"Chuvit" revokes ban against marijuana - Sued "Lawyer Tam" 100 million|"Chuvit" filed a civil court petition. Request to revoke temporary protection order in case Proud Thai Party bans criticism of marijuana policy While filing a lawsuit against "Lawyer Tam" for defamation and demanding 100 million baht for allegedly receiving money from online gambling sites - Inspector Sua today (April 7, 2023) Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit and Mr. Sakonchai Limpsisawan The lawyer filed a petition with the civil court seeking to revoke the order in case the court granted a temporary protection order. Proud Thai Party Request to ban Mr. Chuvit from talking about liberal marijuana policy During the campaign by Mr. Anantchai Chaidej The lawyer said on his behalf. As a lawyer, he said that criticizing the policies of political parties is a fundamental constitutional right and that marijuana is now widely used and has appeared in the news many times that it has a negative effect on people and youth who have free access to cannabis. Lawyer filed a lawsuit sajjad aamir Lawyer to the Criminal Court In the case of defamation from the case of Mr. Sithra Held a press conference for the media such as March 23, 24-27 last year, with content stating that Mr. Chuvit received 10 million baht from online gambling websites and Inspector Sua. The image of two paper bags containing money led to widespread news content. It caused discredit to Mr. Chuvit and his other son because Mr. Sitra also accused Chuvit's son of accepting digital currency, Mr. Anantchai stated that from the damages incurred, he filed a lawsuit against Mr. Sitra for defamation by advertising and demanded damages of 100 million baht 21. Mr Chuvit revealed that the court had already received the case and scheduled a hearing in the afternoon. On June 19, he confirmed that from now on, even if Mr. Sitra contacted to apologize, there will be no compromise due to the 100 million baht. According to this lawsuit, on Monday, April 10, he will petition the Lawyers Council to examine the lawyer's ethics because there are many behaviors that fall under the lawyer's ethics. The penalty may be as high as removing his name from the lawyer's house, Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit mentioned the issue that Mr. Sonthi Limthongkul Senior media criticized the development of the land "Chuvit Garden" At the mouth of Soi Sukhumvit 10 is a project. A large 51-storey commercial building that in the future this may require services. The lawyer is ready to ask back. Mr. Sonthi said that he may be confident that he has majestic power, has a network, but asserts himself to have good intentions. Now, I don't want to retaliate, but when the time comes, I have to do it by arranging a press conference to clarify in the future. In the meantime, he asked Mr. Sonthi to say everything he wanted to say, insisting that no one knows this better than himself and remarked that he had been attacked about it. After launching a campaign against free marijuana, which is the main policy of the Proud Thai PartyRelated news: Court orders "Chuvit" not to campaign - alluding to "Proud Thai" marijuana knot "Chuvit" pointed to silence After Proud Thai petitioned the court to ban talking about marijuana
"Genius" submitted to "Pol. Maj. Gen. Ekrak" for accepting bribes on gambling websites|"Genius" goes ahead and blames Maj. Gen. Ekrak Limsangkas The Deputy Secretary-General of the POC recently brought evidence to the prosecution, claiming that Pol Maj Gen Ekrak had demanded bribes from the owner of the gambling website Kingpin 88 for more than 500,000 baht today (April 7, 2023). President of the Crime Victims Support Club. to file a complaint against a criminal prosecution; Maj. Gen. Ekrak Limsangkas Deputy Secretary-General, Anti-Money Laundering Office For being an online gambling bribery officer. In the case of receiving more than 500,000 thousand baht from the owner of online gambling website Kingpin 88, Mr. Smart claimed that he came to complain to the investigation officer of the Anti-Corruption and Misconduct Division (OIC). After the evidence that on January 12, 2021 Mr. Pakin, the owner of Kingpin 88 gambling website, transferred 560,000 baht to Pol. Maj. Gen. Ekrak because this online gambling group had been arrested by the Region 6 police. Pol. Maj. Gen. Ekrak, who is a printing shop in the area in Bang Khun Thian district, paid 1,500,000 baht per month for 18 months, totaling 27 million baht. Date 8 Jun 2022 Bangkhuntien police station Served a warrant to raid the printing shop. Pol Maj Gen Ekrak's wife arrested 3 people, namely Mr Pakin and 3 others, all of whom were released on bail and the case has been pending for 2 years and there is no progress on the money slip. Mr. Genius said he had information that Maj. Gen. Ekrak had consulted the rank police. One lieutenant 2 days ago. About fighting this case, which I believe will eventually Pol. Maj. Gen. Ekrak may claim that this money was the money for buying and selling cars with Mr. Pakin, who himself believes that from the evidence can definitely be prosecuted for demanding bribes, Mr. Genius said that today at 3.00 p.m. he will go to complain to the secretary of the PPP to conduct an investigation. Pol. Maj. Gen. Ekrak and his wife about this case by reading related news "Chuvit" to appeal the ban on talking about cannabis policy "Chuvit" filed to revoke the ban against marijuana PTT - sued "Lawyer Tam" 100 million "Chuvit" pointed to silence After Proud Thai petitioned the court to ban talking about marijuana
"Thanakorn" hijacks the SAT to check the policy of PTT top-up 10 thousand, pointing to the numbers to draw points|Thanakorn noted the policy of topping up 10,000 baht in the Pheu Thai Party's digital wallet. Pointing out the numbers in hopes of gaining points, but regardless of the damage to the country, with a pendant. SAT Inspection Today (7 Apr 2023) Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana Minister in the Prime Minister's Office As the guideline and strategy committee of the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTTC) and chairman of the Southern Strategy, he said that he did not want to criticize it because he did not see the details of how it would be done. Because giving away 10,000 baht per person, there are about 50 million people who will receive it. It requires 500,000 million baht. But if it is cryptocurrency, you have to see how it is obtained. If using real money to support the issuance of digital money, where will the money come from, or if it is a digital baht that is like printing new money? You have to talk to the Bank of Thailand (BOT) because it could have an impact on the overall financial system in the country when asked if this kind of policy is populist. Mr. Thanakorn said that it is seen as taking high numbers to create a buzz to make it interesting. It is a marketing that the Pheu Thai Party is good at, but does not take into account the damage to the country as a whole. The SEC helps to ensure that the policy is in compliance. Because every policy must enumerate the details of the origin of the budget, read other news "first debut" to evade Big speech after the dissolution of Parliament "Savit Sweet Glass" to run for Partylist MP upholding wage policy of 712 baht per day "Prasert" Claiming to have bought and sold the NCC card. Northeast Thailand Pre-register for the election 
Supreme Administrative Court dismisses case against Bangkok-Sakonnakhon-Sukhothai election division case|The Supreme Administrative Court dismissed the case against the demarcation of Bangkok-Sakon Nakhon-Sukhothai constituencies, pointing out that the SAT complies with the law, the number of people in each constituency does not differ more than 10 percent per MP today (April 7, 2023). Reporters reported that the Supreme Administrative Court The judge dismissed the case filed by Mr. Attawish Suwanpakdee In the case of demarcation of electoral districts, the Administrative Court found that the Election Commission (SEC) Approval of the Bangkok zoning scheme according to Form 1 is done in good faith within the scope of the law, the number of people in each constituency does not differ more than 10% of the number of people per MP in the Bangkok area, including listening to opinions from political parties and the people. As for the case of the electoral division in Sukhothai and Sakon Nakhon provinces. Supreme Administrative Court The case was dismissed as well.
"Attawitch" points to new norms Court dismisses zoning case, dreaded NCPO confused|"Attawitch" points to new norms The court dismissed the zoning case. People are confused. MPs are harder to work with. Reduce space engagement
Today (7 Apr 2023) Mr. Attawish Suwanpakdee Deputy leader of the Pattanaklao Party said after the Supreme Administrative Court dismissed the case filed to revoke the announcement. In the case of demarcation of constituencies, Bangkok said today's ruling will create a new norm for the SAT to consider future zoning based on the criteria of no more than 10% of the population and after this, zoning will be uncertain depending on the SAT to determine the conditions, but fears that people may be confused. The reasons he proposed were compared to 2011 and 2014, but the verdict compared to 2019, which is a different electoral system. The SAT has been intentional since the beginning, and for the first time, it has been used. If the SEC requires less, it can be done from the details that the SEC clarifies the election form at But the bond between MPs and people in the area will be more difficultMr. Attawish said that no matter what form it takes, he believes that all parties are ready to fight in all forms of zoning, but it will be the new norm in the future in the zoning system that there will be uncertainty. Dismissal of Bangkok-Sakonnakhon-Sukhothai constituency division lawsuit "Cho" to help Chai Nat MP candidate "go far" campaign Adopt a policy to abolish military conscription.10 Prohibition of election campaign, violation, heavy penalty, revocation of rights - dissolution of the party 
"Cho" helps Chai Nat MP candidate "go far" campaign Promote the policy of abolishing military conscription.  |"Cho Pannika", the party's campaign assistant, went to the campaign area to help the candidate of the far-reaching party, Chai Nat province. In front of the conscription unit, the army reform policy reduced the number of generals to 400, the reduction of personnel by 30-40%, the abolition of military service, and the change of the budget for the purchase of weapons to the welfare of the people on April 7, 2023. Ms. Pannika Vanich, executive director of the Progressive Party and campaign assistant of the Progressive Party, went to Chai Nat province to help Songpol Patrapirom, the candidate. Chai Nat Congressman, District 1, Progressive Party No. 2, campaigned and recommended the party's policies to create good politics. Good stomach mouth There's a future phase of the field. Ms. Pannika and Songpol campaigned for the abolition of military conscription at the military enlistment unit at Saphaya District Office Auditorium. Since April 1-20 is the period of military service in 2023, as announced by the military, during the campaign, many parents reflected that it was a pity that the election was delayed. Therefore, military service cannot be abolished in time for this year. Many of the children caught with red cards and had to go into the military for 2 years, although their parents had previously tried to enlist in sacred things so that they would not have to be conscripts, but to no avail. A total of 80 candidates were selected and 30 red cards were issued. Parents are stressed because they do not want their children to have to enlist involuntarily, losing time in their lives to follow their dreams, make a living, and live with their families. Ms. Pannika said the party has a policy of reforming the military to stop the cycle of coup. In addition, the Progressive Party has a policy of reducing generals to 400 generals and reducing the overall force by 30-40%, along with increasing the protection of junior soldiers in terms of human rights. This includes changing the budget for purchasing weapons to universal public welfare in order to create stability in the lives of all people from birth to death. Read related news "Savit Sweet Glass" to run for Partylist MPs upholding wage policy of 712 baht per day "first debut" to invite evasion Big speech after the dissolution of the Parliament "Thanakorn" hijacks the SAT to check the policy of PTT top-up 10 thousand, pointing to the numbers to draw votes
10 Prohibition of Election Campaign: Violations face heavy penalties, revocation of rights - dissolution of the party|Office of the Election Commission Emphasizing the prohibition on MPs' election campaigns, violations could result in fines or imprisonment. Revoke the right to vote throughout the dissolution of political parties today (April 7, 2023). The Election Commission has announced the deadline for 14 May 2023 from 08.00 - 17.00. On Election Day, the Office of the Election Commission would like to emphasize that it prohibits any candidate or person from doing anything to induce voters to vote for themselves or for other candidates or lists of any political party. Here's how1. 2. Give, offer or promise to give money, property or any other benefit, whether directly or indirectly, to communities, associations, foundations, temples, educational institutions. Shelter or any other institution3. Advertise the campaign by organizing entertainment or festivities.4. Catering or receiving any person.5. Deceit, coercion, coercion, influence Slander with falsehood or misleading influence on the popular vote of a candidate or political party6. Election campaigns of candidates and political parties Must not contradict or contradict the guidelines set forth as the policy of political parties in accordance with the law accompanying the Constitution on Political Parties7. No candidate shall arrange a vehicle to bring voters to the polling place, or Take it back from the polling place or arrange for the voter to go or return to vote. without paying vehicle fares or wages which are normally payable.8. No person shall act to induce or control voters to vote for or not to elect any candidate.9. No person who is not a Thai national shall take part in the election campaign or do any act for the benefit of the election in a manner that is favorable to you or detrimental to any candidate or political party, unless the act is an aid to the government or a normal occupation. in good faith of the person.10. Government officials are prohibited from unlawfully using their positions and duties to do anything to favor or harm a candidate or political party, for more details from the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives B.E. 2561 (2018) and the Election Commission Regulation on Campaign Methods and Prohibited Characteristics in the Election of Members of the House of Representatives B.E. 2561 (2018). Practices and prohibitions on campaigning for candidates, MPs, political parties, political office holders and government agencies must be strictly followed. Violators may face fines or imprisonment, revocation of voting rights, and dissolution of political parties. : The SAT can hold a float and sing party songs, but do not perform festive acts on the buses.
"Narutchai" sells tattoos to call for points, confident to serve the people.|"Narutchai" sells tattoos to claim points, shows as a candidate The only MP with a lot of tattoos has been insulted as unruly but proved to have graduated and served the people today (7 April 2023). Mr. Suphan Mongkolsuthee and Ms. Sidha Tiwari Thai Sang Thai Party Prime Minister candidate Narutchai Bunnag MP for Yannawa-Bang Kho Laem district at Wat Worachanyawat Mr. Suphan said that the Thai Sang Thai Party will help people solve debts that hinder their livelihoods, manage debts in the system and informal debts, with a policy of public credit or people's payday loans of 5,000-50,000 baht per person with 1% interest. As for solving debts in the system, interest will be paid, in addition, it will hang laws that hinder livelihoods. There is a policy to study for free, reduce school time, allow people aged 18 years old to graduate with a bachelor's degree, and those earning less than 300,000 baht do not have to pay taxes. Restored the lottery tickets that were eaten during his 60s as Mr. Narutchai introduced himself to the people of the area and revealed that he was a candidate. The only MP who has a lot of tattoos and reveals them to the public. Even though I've been insulted for being unruly. But it has been proven that even with tattoos, he graduates and can work to serve the people.Mr. Narutchai said that he will push for soft power about tattoos to support tattoo shop operators by reading related news.10 Prohibition of election campaign, violation, heavy penalty, revocation of rights - dissolution of the "Thanakorn" party, hijack the SAT to check the policy of PTT top-up 10 thousand, pointing to the number to draw votes"Savit Sweet Glass" to run for Partylist MP upholding wage policy of 712 baht per day 
Last day without candidate for "Ubon - Songkhla"  |The last day to apply for the election of a lonely congressman Ubon Ratchathani province without shadow candidate Songkhla is equally lonely. while The SAT prepares to check the qualifications before announcing the names of all candidates. Today (7 Apr 2023) Reporters report on the recruitment climate. District MPs at the Admissions Center Pripayom Hall Ubon Ratchathani Rajabhat University said that in the morning, no candidate had submitted his candidacy even though it was the last day, causing the vendor to sell marigold garlands that supporters bought to the candidates to wait for Ubon Ratchathani province. On the first day, a total of 122 candidates from 20 political parties submitted their applications, on the second day there were 4 more applicants, 1 in the 2nd constituency and 3 from the 6th district, and on the 3rd day, 2 more from the Klong Thai Party and the New Alternative Party. A total of 128 candidates from 21 political parties submitted candidates, with the parties submitting candidates in all 11 districts being large political parties and small parties submitting some districts "Songkhla". The last day of the election was quiet while the last day of the election for MPs in all 9 districts of Songkhla province at the Sports Training and Development Center of the Songkhla Provincial Administration Organization. Songkhla district is the last lonely. There are 95 candidates, including 80 male, 15 female, 9 in District 1, 12 in District 2, 11 in District 3, 10 in District 4, 10 in District 5, 9 in District 6, 9 in District 7, 12 in District 8, and 13 in District 9. Qualified MPs by April 14 Mrs. Payia Sirichote The director of the Songkhla Police Commission stated that he has now driven the election of MPs according to the process, including campaigning for people to come out and vote at least 85 percent. 
"Dharmarak" helps candidates Chaiyaphum MP campaigning to focus on the NCPO access to policies  |"Gen. Thammarak" to the area Chaiyaphum province helps campaign for PDP candidate Ask the applicant to expedite the publicity of the number. People access party policies today (7 April 2023) Gen. Thammarak Isarangkoon Na Ayutthaya, an advisor to the head of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP), which is in charge of the Northeast region, went to Chaiyaphum province to help the candidate of the Power Pracharath Party. Campaigning in the area with a total of 7 people. No. 3 District 1 Chaiyaphum District (except Huay Ton Thahin Miss Suntree Chaiviratana No.4 District 2 A.Square A.Noen Sanga Ban Khwao A.Sub Yai Mr. Sanan Patcharatechsophon No. 7, District 3, Bamnet Narong District Thep Sathit Nong Bua Ra Huan.S.Kanchana rhythm No.5 Nong Bua Daeng Phakdi Chumpol Muang Chaiyaphum (Huay Ton only) Kaset Somboon (Nong Kha only) Mr. Suksan Chuenjit No. 6 District 5 Kasetsomboon District (except Nong Kha) Khon San Mr. Peerapol Tiusuwan District 7, District 6, Phu Kheaw Ban Thaen and Mr. Akarnsankiri Lohweera No. 7, District 7, Kaeng Khro District. Khon Sawan, Muang Chaiyaphum (only Thahingom and Sap Thong) Gen. Thammarak reiterated to all Pracharath Party candidates to perform their duties with full force. He asked to publicize the party's number to the public and move forward to the area to uphold the party's policies for everyone to understand. In addition to taking care of the mouth of the villagers to live well. Earn more It must also focus on taking care of social problems to ensure the safety of life and property. Protecting children and educational personnel away from drugs is important to build Thai society beyond conflict according to policies. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the Pracharath Power Party who has always been determined.   
"The role must be clear." Nada-Sompor Discussing migrant and refugee issues Accelerating sustainable solutions|"Nada Chaijit", spearhead of human rights, to discuss the problem of migrant workers and refugees "Equality Party" proposes 3 important jigsaw puzzles to solve sustainable problems on April 6, 2023. Security and management of migrant workers and refugees" Nada Chaijit, an MP candidate from the Equality Party, expressed his vision for the project, saying that the issue of transgender workers and refugees is a complex issue and that Thailand is a strategic area of the ASEAN region that must clearly define its role. The principle of establishment of the ASEAN Community is to improve the lives of people in the region. Establish competitive cooperation with the world trade arena. It also reiterated practical feasible policies to complete the jigsaw. Solve the problem in a concrete way. These include the 1951 Convention on the Status of Refugees, International Organization Conventions 87 and 98, as well as the withdrawal of the 22nd Convention on the Rights of the Child to encourage the entry of immigrant or asylum children. Humanitarian and fundamental human rights are protected, and calls for amendments to laws related to access and status of citizens with migrants. Both labor and asylum were systematically used once they became a government. The enforcement of the National Human Rights Plan and the National Action Plan on Business and Human Rights must be taken seriously. Read more: "Narutchai" sells tattoos to claim votes Confident to serve the people "Cho" helps Chai Nat MP candidate "go far" campaign Promote the policy of abolishing military conscription.
"Cool Dog" invades to help stepmother Tik take the stage to give a speech pushing her granddaughter of a former air conditioner of new blood in politics  |"Jeet Dokjik" helps Phrae MP candidate of Ruam Thai Party build the nation "Stepmother Tik" Leading 3 candidates launched with the granddaughter of a former airline flight attendant as well. Mr. Yoswarit Chuluk or Cool Dokjik Chairman of the Patriotic Coalition Former Leader UDD turned to support the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTTC) along with Mrs. Siriwan without enemies or stepmother tick applicant List of MPs of the Ruam Thai National Building Party No. 22 gave a big speech at Muang Phrae district. Phrae Phrae MP candidates were launched in all 3 constituencies, including Ms. Chankanan Supasiri. applicant Phrae Congressman District 1 No. 3 Mr. Chanathip Supasiri applicant Phrae Congressman for District 2 No. 5 and Mr. Prasong Chum Choi applicant Phrae Congressman, District 3, Number 4. Thousands of people attended the speech. In the speech, candidates were launched. Phrae MPs in all 3 constituencies, which is considered the new blood of politics to serve the people of Phrae province in particular. Ms. Chankanan, a former flight attendant who is Siriwan's niece who quit her full-time job to become a Phrae MP, also clarified the details of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party under the continuation of the "Do it, do it, do it" policy so that people can now stay and succeed Mr. Yoswarit. Revealed that the people of Phrae province welcomed the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party very well. He reiterated to the people of Phrae province and people in the north that "stepmother Tik", who is running for the list of MPs of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party No. 22, is considered a symbol of Phrae province, just like Mr. Banharn Silpa-archa. Mr. Sena Thienthong is a symbol in Sa Kaeo province and Mr. Chuan Leekpai is a symbol in Trang province, so the stepmother must keep tick because it is considered a symbol of Phrae province. The leader of the Ruam Thai Party builds a nation for the people. Phrae has deeply understood that he is an expert lawyer, not a politician who comes to hope for a win because he is not a party capitalist, not an old man to manipulate the party, but a political gentleman. From successfully solving problems in Thai Airways and Hopewell. 
 "Waranchai" is not a political clown.|The National Party has made its stance clear on sending "Waranchai" to fight the Bangkok district elections, ignoring the "hunger for democracy" charges today (April 7, 2023). Ms. Chutima Kumar, spokesperson of the National Democratic Party, gave a press conference on the case that the party sent Mr. Varanchai Chokchana to run for the election in District 1, Phra Nakhon district, Pom Prab Phai district. Samphanthawong District Dusit district (except Nakhon Chaisri Road) and Bang Rak district, Bangkok, that it was the resolution of the party's nomination committee. The party sees it as a commendable hunger for light because it is a light of democracy. He was one of those who spoke out for social justice. Do not stand still, let injustice consume the righteousness of society down to the side. Pol Maj Gen Dr Chayut Mannerat, director of the Bangkok National Party constituency, said he had always met Mr Varanchai and he was one of the most candidates but was never elected. This time, he applied on behalf of the Pheu National Party because in the past, no political party had the opportunity to join the party. equality He decided to join the National Party, Pol Maj Gen Dr Chayut said that Mr. Varanchai's sincere words made the party's executive committee and the party's nominating committee decided and agreed to support Mr. Varanchai ran for election on behalf of the For the Nation Party while he admitted that he was a light-hungry person, but that he was a light-hungry man of democracy. He wanted to fight for democracy, never had the heart to side with dictators and is now over 70. This election may be the last time in his life, so he would like to ask for an opportunity from the people to become an MP. Chief Strategist "In the past, most politicians chose to run for election only if they were confident that they would win, but Mr. Varanchai even though he knew that he would lose the election, but he chose to fight. Mr. Jarupol said read related news "Narutchai" Selling tattoos calls for points, confident to serve the people, "Dharmarak" helps the candidate Chaiyaphum MP campaigning for the NHC to access the policy "The role must be clear" Nada-Sompor Discussing migrant and refugee issues Accelerating sustainable solutions
First time! The big party "NCC-RTSO-DDC" big speech Bangkok|First time! Major parties held speeches in Bangkok, both the NCPO and the NHRC after launching the party's prime ministerial candidacy and candidates to fight in 33 Bangkok constituencies, keeping an eye on "Chuan" to take the stage in the city square for the first time after the dissolution of Parliament today (April 7, 2023). Reporters reported that the atmosphere of the 2023 election campaign in the Bangkok area. Today, 3 major political parties use the space of Bangkok that is open for speeches for both the Democratic Party (PDP). The Power Pracharath Party (PDP) and the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO), starting from the city square, Bangkok Democratic Party will give a big speech by providing a venue for people to listen to the speech. Initially, it was reported that there will be key party leaders coming to the stage at 5.30 p.m., led by Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit. The head of the Democratic Party will lead the army of Bangkok MPs, NCPO candidates and MPs candidates on the list to meet the people while the atmosphere at Benjakiti Park, where the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) held its first speech. Bangkok election field elected after launching prime ministerial candidacy and MP candidate by Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha prime minister As a candidate, the RTSC will take the stage for its first speech and unveil its candidates. MPs in all 33 constituencies, while after the RTTC released the song "Where is Uncle Tu", version 2 reinforced the popularity and created a viral hit online again. The content created public relations to create public awareness about the RTTC affiliation and campaign in the number 22 of  Gen Prayuth went viral on social media as the Power Pracharath Party (PDP) held a speech in South Bangkok at Benjasiri Park, Khlong Toei District, at Benjasiri Park, Khlong Toei District. Mr. Sakonthee Pattiyakul Miss Narumon Pinyosinwat Member of the Executive Committee of the Power Pracharath Party and candidate for MP for Khlong Toei District, Prawet District, Yan Nawa District Bangna, Saphan Sung, Prakanong Read related news "Chatchat" Threatening to keep campaign signs to obstruct and close the entrance and exit for the first time." to evade Grand Speech After Dissolution of Supreme Administrative Court Parliament Dismissal of electoral division case Bangkok-Sakon Nakhon-Sukhothai  
"For Thailand" confident of 10,000,000 digital dollars to help the NHC revive the economy|PTT confident in "Digital Wallet" 10,000 baht for economic recovery The revenue collection budget is expected to be 260 billion baht. Jai Pa launches 2 digital savings accounts for people aged 16 and over to have money to spend today (7 April 2023) Mr. Settha Thaveesin Prime Candidate Pheu Thai Party, Dr. Bramin Lertsuridej Chairman of the Economic Committee Pheu Thai Party, Mr. Phoom Rojanasakul, Deputy Secretary-General of the Party, and Mr. Chakkrapong Saengmani Party Executive Committee Press Conference on Pheu Thai Party's Speech on Stage at Muang Thong Thani On April 5, Mr. Settha Thaweesin According to the Pheu Thai Party, the policy is to stimulate the economy by opening a digital wallet or digital wallet to enhance the spending of local people by using blockchain technology to top up the digital wallet for 10,000 baht. Define spending areas and restrict them from improper use in the expansion of use areas in remote areas and the use of debt by financial institutions. The party will take time to talk to the people. As there is still time left, Mr. Settha said, concerns about whether it will reinforce poverty or not. He sees this as helping people because the policy for Thailand is to take the Thai people out of the black hole, poverty and digital. The wallet will be the starting point for Thai people to get up and make a living again. If the government is formed, it will begin operations by January 1, 2024. The Chairman of the Economic Committee said that after the COVID-19 situation passed, Thailand's economy falls behind ASEAN The villagers had additional expenses, but they did not have enough income, so they did not want to drop boiled rice water to submit their deaths, but they had to pump their hearts to recover quickly and strongly." Wallet is a short-term measure. Reviving the purchasing power of Thai people Economists say that stimulating consumption may not be the right way. The 10,000 baht wallet in the agricultural sector is very meaningful because it can make a living in agricultural plots, and during 6 months there will be measures to support it, which is considered a short-term measure, allowing for more income and competition with foreign countries." Dr. Prommin said that the budget for this policy is expected to collect 260 billion baht more revenue, 100 billion baht from various taxes, and budget from other projects that do not need to be combined. A wallet that automatically binds an ID card 16 years of age or older, which provides a digital key for citizens to access this account. Attract users by putting 10,000 baht in the bottom of the bag to all citizens. It is conditional that it will be used within 6 months, which will stimulate the tourism economy, helping SMEs at the end of this project. The country will also step into the modern financial system. It will make Thailand the center of the region's digital economy. Huge earnings Job creation, employment will happen, all are high-return investmentsRead related news"Thanakorn" hijacks SAT policy review PTT tops up 10 thousand, pointing to numbers pulling "bouquet" points to help Chai Nat MP candidate "go far" campaign Lifting the policy of abolishing military conscription "Attawitch" points to new norms Court dismisses zoning case, dreaded NCPO confused
For Thailand to send "Phudis" instead of "Simmon Khamsa" to win Nonthaburi MP    |"Phudit Nontapimonchai" Nonthaburi MP candidate for District 7 Pheu Thai Party instead of "Sim Khamsa" confident "Nonthaburi" sweeps Today (April 7, 2023), from the case of Mr. Simmon Khamsa, Pheu Thai Party MP candidate in the 7th constituency, Nonthaburi province, disqualified the candidate. MPs for not voting to repair municipal councillors (MPs) Last 8 months ago Pheu Thai Party sends Phudit Nontapimonchai to election Nonthaburi Provincial MP District 7 instead of Sim Khamsa at the OTOP Center in Nonthaburi province by successfully applying and getting the original number 8 of Mr. Sim. Mr. Jirapong Songwataraporn applicant Nontubri Provincial Congressman, District 2 No. 8, Pheu Thai Party, said that today the candidate team Nonthaburi MPs have come to support Mr. Phudis, who came to support his candidacy. Nonthaburi Provincial Congressman District 7 to replace Mr. Model the application went well. Got the number 8, which is the old candidate's number. Absolutely uninterrupted because Mr. Phudit is a native of Nonthaburi province since birth. He understands the problems in the area and has always worked closely with the Pheu Thai Party's candidate team, Mr. Jirapong said. I always get echoes of the economic downturn. As a good hand in the economy, many policies have already been put in place to help. The policy to top up digital wallets to 10,000 baht per person to stimulate the economy in the community, which the people gave a good response and felt happy that the Pheu Thai Party would return to government. Help the people again read related news "Sim Khamsa" candidate for District 7 Nonthaburi disqualified   
The total number of candidates for 70 constituency MPs was 4,781, and the party list was 1,899.|The SEC concluded the recruitment of 4,781 MPs from 70 parties and 1,899 from 67 parties, while 63 candidates for prime minister from 43 parties were nominated today (7 April 2023). Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the Election Commission (SEC) Briefing the candidates for the constituency and list elections, he said that today is the last day to apply. Candidates will be elected from April 3 to 7 with the deadline for applications at 4 p.m., and the list for candidates from April 4 to 7 and close at 4 p.m. The provinces with the most candidates are Bangkok (498), the list of 67 parties with a total of 1,899 candidates, and the nominee for prime minister of 43 parties (63). In case of undeclared person, the petitioner can file a complaint with the Supreme Court within 7 days and the court will consider at least 3 days before the election day if the name is declared as a candidate but the petitioner is not qualified. Voters and candidates can continue to petition. SAT by Application Zonal MPs shall submit to the office. Provincial Commissioner and List of Submissions The Secretary-General of the Election Commission reiterated that the campaign during the Songkran Festival must be looked at appropriately because it is considered an important tradition in Thailand. If it is a traditional watering of the head, it can be done, but it will not be given in the form of a silver envelope.
"Anutin" campaign in Nakhon Sawan Announcement aimed at work - not creating conflict |"Anutin" went to the campaign area in Nakhon Sawan province to declare his intention to work without creating conflict. Raise all kinds of policies, reiterate, say and do if you get enough MPs ready to lead the government today (April 7, 2023) at the Central Stadium, Nakhon Sawan province. Deputy Front of the Party, Mr. Supachai Jaissamut Registrar of Party Members, Ms. Mananya Thaiset, went to the area to help the party's candidates campaign for the upcoming election on May 14, 2023, which overflowed the venue to listen to the speech. The MP in this area is Mr. Manop Sriphung. Which enters as a link with the central area to solve various problems in the area, but this time with the work that has been done would not ask for too much. If we can hope The number of MPs increased from 1 to 6 who lived next to Mr. Weerakorn Khampak. This is a multi-session representative. Good work. Brothers and sisters, trust He was dedicated, diligent, and the council work was not impaired. It's an example of a quality MP who met him when he was Minister of Health. As for you being in another party, when you went to Sawan Pracharak Hospital, you liked each other because people working together want to work together. That this is all working people and do it understandably, knowing the area for the Proud Thai Party. We're a party of say and do. This word We didn't say it ourselves, but it came from the people. When I went to the area, many times my brothers came to thank me. What the party did, such as free dialysis policy, cancer cure everywhere, marijuana as medicine, removal of guarantor conditions from loan applications. Interest rate reduction These saved a lot of people's lives. We focus on work, not creating problems. We focus on making friends, not making enemies, who think well of the country, we can do it all. I would like to reiterate that if the Proud Thai Party becomes the government, we will raise the level of life, economy and health, the reporter reported that Mr. Anutin presented many of the party's policies, such as pushing for compensation increases. MCO, MCU Funeral Policy, Rich Agriculture Policy Contract Farming Know the price before planting Receive money before selling Damage has a life insurance policy of 60 years and above. Seniors aged 60 years and over will be entitled to become members of the life insurance fund and have a life insurance policy immediately. The right to take out a loan to take care of themselves in the amount of 20,000 baht without a guarantor. Make sure to guarantee yourself 2. On the day of passing. The elderly will inherit for their descendants, heirs and families. 100,000 baht per person, etc. for candidates of Proud Thai Party In Nakhon Sawan province consists of: Constituency No. 1 Miss Patravadee Niroj or Nong Bass Constituency No. 3, Constituency No. 2 Mr. Weerakorn Khampak Polling No. 10, Constituency No. 3 Mr. Apiwat Khemnkhetkit Polling No. 9, Constituency No. 4 Mr. Manop Sriphung Constituency No. 1, Constituency No. 5 Mr. Peeradej Sirivansan Polling No. 5 and Constituency No. 6 Mr. Abhisit Inthasit Polling No. 6
The court revoked the temporary injunction. "Chuvit" can talk about marijuana.|Civil Court Revoke the temporary protection order of the Proud Thai Party, which requested the court to ban Chuvit. Talking about cannabis policy that affects the Proud Thai Party, the court considered it to be a general opinion, discussing the benefits and harms of cannabis today (April 7, 2023). Earlier this morning, Mr. Chuvit has petitioned the court to rescind the protection order in the matter, which the Proud Thai Party had previously petitioned the court for a protection order. Because Mr. Chuvit has slandered the Proud Thai Party about the free marijuana policy. During the party's submission of members of the House of Representatives (MPs) The court has already granted a temporary injunction prohibiting Mr Chuvit from speaking or acting in any way related to cannabis during the trial until ordered otherwise. At 7 p.m., the court lifted the temporary injunction because it found that Mr. Chuvit had said or expressed his opinion about cannabis in general, including the benefits and harms of cannabis. Mr. Chuvit's remarks were made in accordance with the opinion of the Psychiatric Association of Thailand. The Royal College of Physicians of Thailand's proposal on cannabis Medical Panel Proposal on Thailand's Cannabis Policy and Concerns of the Secretary-General of Consumer Organizations Mr. Chuvit did not specifically mention or comment on the Proud Thai Party, Mr. Chuvit's remarks or comments made the public aware of the benefits and harms of cannabis, so it can be considered as beneficial to public health mostly. Therefore, there are grounds for quashing the said temporary injunction. The plaintiff filed a request to compel Mr. Chuvit to comply with the temporary protection order. At 7.10 p.m., Mr. Chuvit posted on Facebook, "Urgent! Victory lies with the people, not political parties. The court has "lifted" the temporary protection order. Chuvit can campaign against the Proud Thai Party's marijuana policy. Thank you to the court for providing justice to the people"Read related newsCourt orders "Chuvit" not to campaign - alluding to "Proud Thai" marijuana knot "Chuvit" pointed to silence After Proud Thai appealed to the court to ban talking about marijuana, "Chuvit" filed to revoke the ban against marijuana. - Prosecution of "Lawyer Tam" 100 million 
The SEC pointed out the policy of distributing tens of thousands of dollars. PT can do it illegally. |The Secretary-General of the SAT pointed out that the policy of distributing ten thousand PTT money is not illegal. It does not fall under the promise of giving today (April 7, 2023). Mr. Pilgrimmee, Secretary-General of the Election Commission, said that the Pheu Thai Party's campaign has a 10,000 baht wallet top-up policy, saying that it is already a policy that uses the national budget. If you go to the government, This kind of policy will not be illegal to promise to give, which the policy that will be considered a promise to give is the use of money that is not the money of the land, but the policy of the Kamuang Party must be announced to the people and sent to the SAT as well. 1. Policy name 2. Required amount 3. Where money comes from or how to make money 4. Cost-effectiveness and benefits of policy implementation, 5. Impacts and risks in policy implementation, and 6. The policy must be approved by representatives of political parties in each province so that people can have information to vote whether this policy is pleasing to the people or not. In order to provide complete information on each party, Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the Election Commission, signed the invitation letter. Secretary-General of the Pheu Thai Party to provide further information. The SAT about the case revealed that there is now information about complaints from the people. From Amnat Charoen province, Ubon Ratchathani, there was a group of people demanding to receive ID cards. Buy voters' ID cards, collect them in bulk, and then register for pre-elections outside the constituency, along with distributing money to choose a political party.
"Jurin" to release the position of the NCPO does not solve M.112 If it's a mainstay, count on one remedy. |"Jurin", the first major speech in Bangkok, supported the amendment of the Constitution, but the position was not to repeal Article 112 and asked to be a political party of all generations. The founding party is heading into its 78th year if it leads the government to solve the economy today (April 7, 2023). At 7.35 p.m. in the courtyard of Bangkok, Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party, in his first major speech in Bangkok, said that the Democratic Party has the number 26 auspicious for the year 66 because 2+6 equals infinity, meaning infinite, just like the Democratic Party yesterday (April 6), the anniversary of the founding of the party from April 6, 1946 to yesterday (April 6, 2023), exactly 77 years and moving towards its 78th year, becoming Thailand's most sustainable political institution. M.112, the leader of the Democratic Party, said he was ready to affirm that it is a political party of all generations. If Churin is the leader of the government and counts on one to solve the economic problems for the country immediately. Because they are stuck after 3 years of COVID, they have to borrow 2 trillion baht in 2 years, but it is not enough to inject money. Set up a village bank in every 2 communities. Million Baht In addition, the money will be taken from provident fund. 30% of the Social Security Fund to solve debts and to have money circulating in Mr. Chuan's system. The former Speaker of Parliament, the former leader of the Democratic Party, will also make his grand debut. Given that the party poll mother will be at the bottom of the list, please trust Mr. Jurin and the Democratic Party read the related news first! Major Party "NCPO-RTSO-PDP" Bangkok Grand Speech "For Thailand" confident of 10 thousand digital money help NCPO - Economic Recovery Summary of candidates for 70 constituency MPs: 4,781 MPs, 1,899 partylists       
"Uncle Tu" insists not to leave the country to inexperienced people.|"Gen. Prayuth" speaks at Benjakiti Park stage Tell anyone who will do something and accept it. Never mind. The NTSC has both lovers and haters, but there are still people who do not decide who to choose. We must find a way to get votes from this group of people today (7 April 2023) at 18.00 hrs. Chief Strategic Advisor Ruam Thai Nation Building Party Led his first campaign speech in Bangkok at an open-air amphitheater. Benjakiti Park is ready to unveil candidates for all 33 districts at one point. Gen Prayut said that if the ruling Thai party could build the nation, he would be able to build the nation. What will be the 33 congressional districts? Some people like it, some don't, but there are still people who haven't decided who to choose, so we have to get this group of people, and the upcoming Songkran Festival will be the first full-scale Songkran celebration in 3 years after defeating the COVID-19 crisis. Fast business opening People can return to their normal lives because Thai people cooperate, discipline and the government manages to solve problems effectively. The world today and the future are full of uncertainty. We need a government that is visionary, experienced, and ready to keep working. Therefore, it is not possible to leave the country to people who have no experience. It requires people with extensive and diverse work experience to help each other, and most importantly, must be someone who can be trusted to take the country all the way to the shore. Gen. Prayuth said that at the APEC meeting, foreign leaders said they did not think Thailand would change this much. If the country is unstable, who will dare to invest? If we're still fighting, While today's world is not the same world, it is a complex world. He also stated that what Wad hopes to do as foreign countries do, and is currently waiting for the opening of 2-3 more lines after completion that I can't remember the color and will create economic space for all the routes that the train passes through. A new community was born. Solve Bangkok's congestion problem by expanding community space, read related news first! Big party "NCPO-RTSO-PDC" gives big speech to Bangkok "For Thailand" confident of 10,000,000 digital money to help the NCPO - revive the economy "Anutin" campaign in Nakhon Sawan province Announcement aimed at work - not creating conflict 
 "Chuvit" moves forward against marijuana, insists no one is behind it|"Chuvit" continues its campaign against marijuana After the civil court revoked the temporary injunction. Confirm no one is behind it today (7 Apr 2023) Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Organize campaigns and communicate the harm of marijuana use. After the court revoked the temporary protection order. The Proud Thai Party filed a request for interim protection pending the trial to prevent Mr. Chuvit from referring to the free marijuana policy of the Proud Thai Party. Ratchadapisek Road by motorcycle to come to the speech area. Stated a message against the use of marijuana and the harm of marijuana to be attached. Mr. Chuvit said that after the court revokes the order, he will continue to campaign against it. The liberal marijuana policy immediately continued because it saw that the Proud Thai Party was like the leader of drugs into Thai society. Instead, the Health Minister legalized marijuana and there was no law to regulate its use, making it unique to Bangkok. There are more than 3,000 cannabis shops, some of which are open 24 hours a day. Mr. Chuvit presented a placard to Mr. Chuvit stating that the woman was only one of those affected by the liberal marijuana policy. There are still many people who have been affected and there are still people who have complained to him both online and at the point of his speech.Mr. Chuvit said that the movement against the marijuana policy has no one behind the scenes. Because I think it's wrong. Even though in the past time someone has brought up their own other issues to talk about to deflect issues, such as the case of Chuvit Garden and receiving money from gambling sites, all matters they can prove themselves. 
Last day tomorrow Register to vote in advance|Warn the public Pre-registration for early voting - overseas Tomorrow, April 9, is the last day today (April 8, 2023). MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister's Office Remind people who are unable to vote on May 14, 2023, do not forget to register to vote in advance through various channels at the Office of the Election Commission (SEC). Tomorrow, April 9, 2023, is the last day to register to vote before the out-of-constituency election and also the last day to register to vote outside the constituency. According to the SEC, voter registration before the election day outside the constituency is a voter who has been outside the constituency in which he or her name has been on the house registration in the constituency for less than 90 days from the date of the election can cast a ballot. Voter registration must be submitted 30 days before Election Day outside the constituency. 3 Channels 1. Submit in person or in person or can submit a group application by assigning another voter to file on his behalf. 2. Submit by post with postage stamp date as the priority. The following documents must be submitted- Application form to vote before the election day outside the constituency (individual or group of persons)- Copy of national ID card or copy of photo card issued by the government and certified true copy of national identification number 3. Submit via internet, website, or SMART VOTE application on both iOS and Android 24 hours a day. In 2023, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs reported that after the opening of overseas voter registration from March 25 to April 9, the current status of registered voters stood at 72,779, while the last overseas voter registration in 2019 stood at 119,313. Election patterns vary from country to country. There are 3 types of elections: booth elections, postal elections, and other elections, and how embassies and consulates decide which election to hold depends on the factors and differences in each country and area by Thais abroad. Register to vote online at https://stat.bora.dopa.go.th/Election/popout/#/popout If you have any questions, you can contact the embassy and consulate at any time through various channels. Related News : Summary of candidates for 70 constituency MPs: 4,781 MPs, 1,899 partylists10 Prohibition of election campaign, violation, heavy penalty, revocation of rights - dissolution of the party 
SAT organizes reconciliation election activities for candidates for MPs in 33 districts|Selection Committee Organized an election-based political integrity reform project to educate about legal regulations for candidates in 33 Bangkok constituencies today (April 8, 2023). Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the Election Commission, presided over the inauguration ceremony of the Electoral Integrity Reform Project based on election reconciliation activities for candidates for the House of Representatives. Bangkok has divided into 33 districts to introduce campaign guidelines to candidates and political parties, as well as provide information on expenses and filing accounts of election income and expenditures of MPs, telling them about offenses and penalties under the election law, Mr. Sawang clarified. The public can hold festive events during the normal way of life. Candidates and political parties are welcome to participate, but be careful not to go to the festival themselves and distribute items or contribute to the campaign when asked how many complaints there are after the candidacy deadline. Mr. Sawang replied that the Office of the Election Commission Today, there are no complaints about these matters. But in the past, there have been complaints such as asset giving and impartiality of government officials. The office is still taking care of these mattersRelated News: Last Day Tomorrow Pre-registration to vote in advance of the SEC points to the policy of distributing tens of thousands of dollars. PTT did not break the law, the SAT summed up the number of candidates for 70 constituency MPs, 4,781 party-list 1,899 people. 
Urgent! Chai Kasem sent to the hospital to find a dried blood clot in his brain.|Urgent! Chai Kasem sent to the hospital to find a dried blood clot in the brain, but the condition was mild. He is currently under medical attention and is recommended to repeat the examination in Bangkok today (April 8, 2023). Reporters reported that Mr. Chaikasem Nitisiri Candidate of the Prime Minister of the Pheu Thai Party (PTT) He did not attend the speech at Rajamangala University of Technology Lanna Stadium, Nan Campus. The event was held this evening because he was suddenly ill. Prime Minister's candidacy and Chief Advisor and Family for Thailand clarified that this afternoon Mr. Chaikasem walked to Wat Phra That Chae Haeng Royal Monastery, but was a little tired because of the hot weather, so he had to stay at the hotel with a doctor to take care of his symptoms and report that he had a slight headache. He did not know if Mr. Chaikasem had returned to Bangkok for treatment immediately, but he is currently under medical treatment. Found a dried blood clot in the brain. Probably been around for a while. There are no serious consequences at this time. But the doctor made a diagnosis and recommended a thorough examination at a hospital in Bangkok.
"Phra Nativit" Submission of a statement on non-military service - late April|"Phra Netiwit" issued a proclamation not to "enlist in the military" via Facebook Teacher Sulak, claiming to be stuck in the Pali exam, revealing that at the end of April he will leave his legs to handle secular business. Today (9 Apr 2023) Reporters reported that the atmosphere at Theparak Subdistrict Municipality, Samut Prakan Province, which is the point of selection for the 2023 Armed Forces Surplus Army, is the place where Phra Netiwit Charanasomponno or Natiwit Chotiphatpaisarn had to be elected but found out that he did not travel today. A personal statement was issued on Sulak Sivaraksa's Facebook page. The thematic content is as follows: On September 10, 2014, while I was still a high school student and reached the age of 18, I considered many factors, including myself opposed to forced military conscription, which is considered to encroach on my human rights and freedoms. The ordination to the umbrella of the pastor from July 10, 2022. Study the Dhamma teachings of the Lord Buddha with faith. Without forced conscription, then my ego He wishes to continue practicing himself in the Book of Discipline as long as he pleases. But in order not to accuse me of breaking the vows that I had given almost 9 years ago, I came to live in the shadow of the religion and escaped military service both to not go against the Dhamma discipline, however, because I had previously been engaged due to the examination of Pali sentences 1-2 through translation but not grammar. I wish to pass the exam on April 15-16, so I asked for time to complete this task first and asked for time to prepare for my legs by the end of April. Must undergo military selection or catch a black or red card. After the waiver is expired because he has reached the age of 27, which according to the Military Enlistment Act must be examined even if he is still studying. Attended the temple on July 10, 2022, and was nicknamed "Charanasomponno", meaning "one who arrives with Charanatham" in the past. Phra Netiwit is an activist who advocates for issues of school uniforms, school hairstyles, abolition of military service and religious reform. Read related news "Aof Thanakrit" former star Put sick children in military bed.
"Somchai" leads "For Thai" team to visit Sikh-Hindu temple, pleads for confidence in economic policy|"Somchai" leads candidates to Sikh temples - Hindu temples, asks for opportunity to choose for Thailand, confidence in economic policy Puangphech urged candidates to understand the policy after getting the number. Meanwhile, the economic team prepares to send a letter clarifying the policy of digital top-up of 10,000 baht after The SEC requested that the details of the source of the budget be submitted today (April 9, 2023). Mr. Somchai Wongsawat, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pheu Thai Party, Mrs. Puangphech Chun-leap. Chairman, Bangkok Area Political Coordination Committee Mr. Danuporn Punnakan Bangkok Campaign Committee Chairman and candidates from the list of MPs and MPs of the Pheu Thai Party visited the Sikh temple. Pahurat Rd., Hindu Temple, Sao Ching Swing Rd. to pay homage to sacred things and campaign for Mr. Somchai's party candidate to give an interview. He expressed confidence that the well-studied policies of the Pheu Thai Party will be able to solve the problems that arise in Thailand. The whole mouth of the economy. He believes that the Pheu Thai Party will have the opportunity to gain the trust of the people to work on the temple site today. Mr. Somchai said that it is part of the party's policy related to religion that it wants to reflect that democracy can be used by all communities and groups. No matter what religion and religion, we help people. The Pheu Thai Party has these policies and Mrs. Puangpetch said that the Pheu Thai Party has a policy for all candidates to rush to the ground after getting their numbers. In order to tell the candidates' numbers, including the party numbers, which everyone has to work hard in very little time, especially to tell the people what the Pheu Thai Party's outstanding economic policies are in order to revive the country economically, especially digital policies. The 10,000 baht wallet must be explained to the public, Mr. Danuporn said, the Pheu Thai Party's economic team will prepare a written document that the money will be used to help the people. Where is it taken from to submit to the Election Commission as required by the SEC? Clarify the details of the policy to top up digital wallets for people aged 16 years and above, how to use more than 500 billion baht from which part of the money they will use, and believe that after 6 months, if Thailand becomes the government, there will be no need to top up the system anymore. We are confident that within four years, GDP will grow by an average of five percent. Let the people know that the party has done its homework all around. applicant The MP for District 1, Pheu Thai Party, is confident in this candidacy because he has always been in the field and has the policies of the Pheu Thai Party that can actually do it. Meanwhile, the response from people in the area is confident and wants to give the Pheu Thai Party a chance, not worried that the last time he became an MP was because of the Power Pracharath Party because he had the opportunity to work and read related news. Morning Market Campaign Greetings - let's take a picture Indicating that it is time to change, "Warawut" Luisuphan Wonga both cards "Party number - person number"
"Warawut" Luisuphan Wonka both cards "Party number - number of people"|"Warawut" marches on Chu No. 18 float of Thai Pattana Party Specify not to confuse 2 cards into the booth. The whole man-party side "Kanchana" pleading with Suphan people. Choose a lot of number 18 to send "Warawut" to parliament to be the 2nd Prime Minister of Suphan people today (9 April 2023). Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha Head of the Thai Patana Party Mr. Praphat Potasudhon, Secretary-General of the Thai National Development Party, Kanjana Art-Archa Chief Advisor to the Head of the Thai National Development Party lady jamsai silp archa Mr. Jongchai Thamtham party member mohammed abdullah Member of the Executive Committee of the Party, together with List of MPs such as Miss Suchitra Songmacha Miss Patcharee Pothasuthon boarded a float to meet the people from Sri Prachan - Samchuk - Old Bangna Buwat - Dan Chang - Nong Ya Sai - Don Chedi Suphan BuriMr. Warawut said, "Today we brought the whole party. Many of the elders of the party came. Mr. Jongchai came with him and came like James Bon to change clothes on the car in the middle of the road. Thank you, and I assure you that in 35 days we will be at the polling booth with 2 ballots. Choose the Thai Patana Party No. 18 and choose the candidate according to the number 18. Relatives tell relatives. Wherever you are, you can vote for number 18 all over the country. Miss Kanjana said, "We came all over the house to give our hearts to all aunts and uncles. Please help each other, which he dreaded the party number very much, because the Thai Pattana Party is not a big party, but a small party with hot peppers, let's help each other to choose a lot, send Warawut as the Prime Minister of Suphan Buri, the capital of the Thai Pattana nation. If we don't help each other, Warawut won't get into the council. He is not the 2nd Prime Minister of Suphan people. Select Number Choose the party number of the Thai Pattana PartyRead related news "Somchai" led the "For Thai" team to visit Sikh-Hindu temples, pleading for confidence in economic policy
"Knot" morning market campaign Greetings - let's take a picture It's time for a change.|"Knot" to campaign for the morning market The response is good, it's time for a new generation to change. Say you like the party's policies today (9 April 2023) Mr. Panthawat Nakvisut or Not Former Lottery Plus executive Change Party Leader and Mr. Natchanan Arpasrirat The spokesman of the Change Party walked to the first campaign stop at Saphan 2 Market, Wang Thonglang district, from 06.00 a.m. to introduce himself to the vendors and people who came to shop, which received a lot of response from both vendors and people asking for photos, talking and greeting and encouraging that fight and fight with a fun and friendly atmosphere and use this opportunity to make merit to give alms and receive blessings. Bangkapi district has received feedback from both vendors and citizens. There are people who come to shop. Inquire about the policy of selling lotteries. Panthawat said the policy of selling tickets must be done independently. It also lowers the price and asks for opportunities for the new generation to act. Every problem ends with the party changing. He intends to work in politics and is grateful that the people like the policies of the party, which the policies used to campaign even though it is a small party but have thought out well. He then boarded a campaign float along Ladprao 101 Road and Pattawikorn Market before finishing his campaign today at Owl Market. Nonthaburi province read related news "Somchai" led the "For Thai" team to visit Sikh-Hindu temples, pleading for confidence in the economic policy "Warawut".
Army Region 3 "Sorry" knot mother brought "Of" sick to enlist bed|Deputy spokesman for Army Region 3 apologized to the family of "Of-Thanakrit", a former film actor who was bedridden after an accident. Come and get recruited. It is legal practice but creates difficulties for parents. Point out other cases to inform the Select Committee today (April 9, 2023). Col. Rungkhun Mahapanyawong Deputy spokesman of the 3rd Army Region clarified the case of Mr. Thanakrit Wuttirothong or Aof. The actor of the movie 16 dashing 19 boiling, bedridden patient brought by parents to be selected for regular military service in Muang district, Lamphun province. Col. Rungkhun said in the middle of the month. Last Feb. The parents of the extra soldiers came to inform the priest. Amphur Muang Lamphun said his son is Mr. Thanakrit. Born in 2002 Military domicile 47/3 Moo 7 Wiang Yong Lamphun province was hit by a car and was bedridden. Unable to attend the election on April 8, what are the guidelines for the process? Explain to parents the legal requirement to follow the colloquial language that can be easily understood that if the patient is unable to show up, the guardian must bring the medical history and medical certificate to inform the committee on the day of the selection. When the Select Committee has examined the selection and is still a 3rd class person for a total of 3 times, the call shall be abstained. Patients (EMS) of Wiang Yong Municipality bring patients to the selection examination and park them in front of the selection site. Once the committee has determined the classification, the patient will be rushed home. The results of the selection examination will end on the day of the screening, which the parents understood and confirmed that they will bring the patient to be screened on April 8 at the Muang Lamphun District Auditorium, Deputy Spokesperson of the 3rd Army Region said that on April 8 at 9.30 a.m., the parents brought the patient to be screened. Elective Examination Results The medical director examined the body and found that the patient had a collapsed skull. The Select Committee concluded that Mr. Thanakrit was a person of the 2nd class (a person whose body was apparently not as good as the 1st class but not yet infirm) handed over the certificate of the elective examination result (Sec.43) to the parents to receive, totaling 10 minutes. It is not convenient to show up for the examination as in such cases. Inform the Select Committee with current photographs of the candidates selected by the 3rd Army Region and instruct the Committee to facilitate them by going to the home or hospital in the district on the day of the selection examination and handing over the certificate of the results of the selection examination (p.43). Submission of a statement on non-military service - late April 
"Settha" asks people to spread crows to "For Thailand" to raise the province to open more food and fruit markets|"Settha" swinging Phrae MP candidate to walk to Thung Hong market See the largest production sites in the North Aiming to expand - export Before invading the orchard, volunteer to open the market. PTT sends Thai produce, pleads for votes of Phrae people to lift province To push forward the policy, Sad "Prayuth" has never opened up new markets to luxury countries. Suggest to Africa Today (9 Apr 2023) Mr. Settha Thaveesin Prime Candidate Pheu Thai Party, together with Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue, Director of Families for Thailand Mr. Chakrabong Saengmanee Registrar of the Pheu Thai Party, Dr. Tossaporn Serirak Candidate Phrae Congressman No. 4, District 1Dr. Niyom Wiwatthanaditkul Phrae MP candidate No. 7, District 2 and Mr. Worawat Euapinyakul, candidate Phrae MP No. 5, District 3, walked to Thung Hong Market, the largest production area of Mo Hom and tie-dye fabrics in the North, to greet vendors and people. Mr. Settha and his group wore Mo Hom shirts for activities in Phrae province. Today, Mr. Worawat said that during the Thai Rak Thai Party government. Thung Hong Market used to produce a large amount of Mo Hom fabric both for sale and export, but now the number of production is decreasing due to the deflationary economy. As a result, domestic sales have declined, and the government has not pushed this unique product abroad as it should. Mr. Settha said that if the Pheu Thai Party were the government, We are a leading and soft broker. The Prime Minister from the Pheu Thai Party will be a salesman who sells people's products to foreign countries, while there are vendors in various shops to support the Pheu Thai Party, asking to become a government and leave the issue of stomach problems because the traders are the ones who are hardest hit. People from other provinces who came to shop came to ask for a photo with the Pheu Thai Party leader and identified the landslide of course. Phrae MP meets fruit farmers and farmers in the area Wang Chin The farmers reflected on the low prices of produce, including the document of rights to land for livelihood and the water system used for cultivation. The problem is better than the current one, which Mr. Settha said that he was a businessman who had never been here, and the atmosphere was friendly and warmly welcomed. He affirmed that the Pheu Thai Party will build dual-track roads and railways to expand the market for all farmers to have a better life and expand the country's agricultural export market. But he asked not to be named. It does not open up new markets for farmers. There are many countries that want to eat durian. Not just China, Mr. Settha said that today he will seek votes for the Pheu Thai Party. Not pretended at all. If you want the policy to come true, please choose number 5 for Mr. Worawaj, who is a long-time local man who has been together since the days of the Thai Rak Thai Party. The People's Power Party and Pheu Thai Party are the main forces of the party from the past to the present because we intend to solve problems for the people of Phrae seriously. We need 376 votes. Phrae MP To get the prime minister from the Pheu Thai Party, then Mr. Settha and his group went to Mae Tha district, Lampang province to meet the people before traveling to Mueang Lampang district. To participate in the float activity around the city, Lampang province and speak on the float at the intersection of the clock tower, Amphur Muang Lampang, Lampang province.
"Dr. Chon Nan" Identify "Chai Kasem" symptoms are not worrisome. Still able to speak normally.|"Chon Nan" updates "Chai Kasem", the Prime Minister's candidate for Thailand, said overall there is nothing to worry about. Able to talk normally, have a slight forgetfulness and staggering. Now close care doctors today (9 Apr 2023) Dr. Chonnan Srikaew Pheu Thai Party leader discusses Pheu Thai Party's prime minister's illness Mr. Chaikasem Nitisiri said, "Thank you for your concern. He stayed with Mr. Chaikasem all the time from the morning until he was sent to the Skydoctor in Nan province, where the overall symptoms were normal. But being conscious or answering questions is still normal when Mr. Chaikasem is put in a wheelchair. Speaking of which, there will be reporters waiting to be interviewed. Mr. Chaikasem also said that it was okay to come to interview him, before jokingly saying, "This time for Thailand, Nonma won decisively." Only now under close medical supervision.
"Setha" thanks poll for backing as Prime Minister and repeats the case of digital money|"Settha" thanks Ubon poll for supporting Prime Minister to rise to 4th place, saying it is encouraging Wade to listen to the problems of the people during the last 30 days, pointing out that the election results on May 14 will be decisive "Chon Nan" confident. After the release of the 10,000 baht digital wallet policy, the popularity poll for Thailand will rise today (9 April 2023). Mr. Settha Thaveesin Prime Candidate The Pheu Thai Party said that in the case of the NIDA poll of Ubon Ratchathani people, which party did they choose, the poll found that 45.55 percent chose Ms. Paethong Tarn Shinawatra who supported her as Prime Minister. Settha, in fourth place with 7.45 hundred, said it was encouraging without making any changes in the Pheu Thai party's campaign during the last 30 days by reiterating his commitment to dialogue with the people. For example, today after listening to the problems of the people, they will bring it back to the party leadership to find a solution. Whether it is about land rights documents in Lampang province or opening up the market for overseas trade, when asked if the polls are currently high, is a good sign of the Pheu Thai Party's target of 376 votes. Setha said: "We try to go as high as we can. At the same time, he must respect the voice of the people and will work hard as before. And reiterated that on election day, May 14 will be the decisive day, but today we still have to continue to work.Mr. Settha said that the policy of topping up 10,000 baht in digital wallets has not yet been bombarded by both the Democratic Party and the Progressive Party, saying that the policy of giving out the last money to the people will be extorted taxes. I don't want to drop boiled rice water 500-1,000 baht at a time, paying 10,000 baht at once will help people get out of poverty. There is a clear management and clarification to the SEC. The SEC still has more doubts and is ready to clarify, which will make people have no doubts about what it says will increase the debt burden for the country. Settha said the ratio of debt to GDP must be looked at, which the Pheu Thai Party will try to maintain at the current level. But don't forget that the bigger the country's debt, the more GDP grows with the amount of money that the Pheu Thai Party has put in place for this policy. This will bring another 500 billion baht into the system. This money will generate value-added tax, which is in accordance with the old law. Insist there will be no tax increase and it will allow more people, shops and industries to buy and produce more goods, which will increase the corporate tax rate. We keep the same taxes, but collect more taxes. The Pheu Thai Party leader added that the 2024 budget is already set at 3.5 trillion baht, which the Pheu Thai Party still uses in this framework without additional borrowing, so it does not increase the debt burden as alleged. On April 8 in Nan province about government corruption. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, of the ruling Thai National Building Party, has hit back at the claim that corrupt leaders are not. Prayuth, Thaksin Shinawatra and Yingluck Shinawatra, former prime ministers, said they had mentioned polls conducted by independent foreign organizations, which are the standards we measured, but did not want to talk about it. He added that Thailand's corruption ranking fell to 110th place, an international organization in the CPI survey, with a score that fell considerably, with 35 out of 100. Let's make a new choice. "The way to survive Thailand" takes away from 2-pole politics "Dr. Chon Nan" Identify "Chai Kasem" symptoms are not worrisome. Still able to say normally, "Settha" asked people to spread the crows to "for Thailand" to lift the province. Contract to open more food and fruit markets
"Sudarat" is a new option. "The Way to Survive Thailand" Leads Beyond 2-Pole Politics|"Sudarat" shed tears in the middle of the stage after people shouted "Madam, Prime Minister of Isaan". Identify Thailand Build Thailand as a New Alternative "Survival Thailand" is ready to fight for "victory of the people" to overcome the two-pole political war today (9 April 2023). Mrs. Sudarat Keyurapan Thai Sang Thai Party leader and Prime Minister candidate, along with Mr. Thakorn Tantasit, Party Secretary-General and Party Executive Travel from Nakhon Phanom province to the stage of the speech "Thai Build Thai, Isan Prosperity" to plant the Sakon Nakhon flag at Sakon Nakhon Pattana School. Sakon Nakhon province ready to launch candidate for Sakon Nakhon MP The Thai Sang Thai Party has more than ten thousand people interested in listening to the speech. Khun Sudarat burst into tears in the middle of the stage after several people rushed in to hug and cry. With shouts and cheers, "Madam, Prime Minister of Isaan", Khun Sudarat said, "I have traveled all over the country and witnessed the terrible suffering of my brothers and sisters who ran in to hug and cry. A drop of tears dripped down my shoulders. I absorbed my brothers' suffering with all my heart. The suffering of brothers and sisters is the suffering of Thai Build Thai that I and the Thai Build Thai Party must solve the suffering of brothers and sisters successfully, which is why I intend to use my knowledge and 30 years of experience and motherhood mentality. Let's do one last mission. Build the best Thailand for future generations, what makes this country impossible to move on. Is the power struggle of 2 poles of politics over the past 17 years until 2 coups d'état causing misery to the people, so the people have always lost no matter which side wins. In the same way that has been looping for 17 years, we have wasted time long enough until the country is stuck all the way, we cannot go on, we must help each other to clear a new way to choose Thailand to build Thailand to win. Both the "S" party No. 32 and candidates in all districts to be a real way of survival for ThailandRead related news "Settha" Thanks to the poll to support the Prime Minister and repeat the case of digital money "Settha" asked people to spread "for Thailand" to lift the province. Contract to open more food and fruit markets
"Army" did not issue an arrest warrant, "Phra Netiwit" did not come to enlist in the army. |The Bureau of Investigation for the absence of 66 military recruits will be invited to investigate the cause. As for "Phra Natiwit", there is no grace and no examination will be invited to take the exam, just like everyone else. No arrest warrant was issued following the misunderstanding. Today (10 Apr 2023) Maj. Gen. Ying Sirichan Deputy army spokesman Nga Thong said as the news of the military selection was presented. In case of those who do not report to be elected according to the summons of the government, including the case of Phra Netiwit Charanasompanno, which still has a misunderstanding of that reality, is now the army. He is in the process of selecting regular troops, which has received good cooperation from Thai men. However, there are a number of Thai men who are unable to attend the screening on the date and time specified by the government. Those who do not report for the elective examination or who are absent from the elective examination. In the next step, the staff will act. Read more news Army Region 3 "Sorry" knot mom took "Aof" sick bedridden for military service for the case of Phra Netiwit  This year, it is on the list of people who have been cleared of grace. of Muang Samut Prakan District and must attend the selection examination according to the summons of the sheriff as scheduled on April 9. The committee is ready to listen to the reasons for the necessity, limitations, or needs of all candidates and lead to appropriate action and solutions. It is based on both the principles of law and political science. To facilitate the public under the provisions of the law fairly, read the relevant news "Netiwit". Submit a statement not to enlist in the military - late April to leave the mother's leg "Aof Thanakrit", former star Bringing sick children to bed enlisted in the army to postpone "conscripts" to the department on May 15 to vote
More than 2.1 million people voted in advance|Preliminary results of registration for the 2023 preliminary election from March 25 to April 9, the last day of preliminary voting, totaling 2.1 million people. 111,069 people were elected outside the Kingdom on April 9, 2023. Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the Office of the Election Commission (SEC) A Facebook post about the number of people who registered to vote in advance on May 7 showed that as of 5 p.m. yesterday, a total of 2,153,450 people had registered (from March 25 to April 9) and there may be more people registering because online registration is open until 12 p.m. and some postal registrations have not yet reached the registry office. However, it turns out that from around 8:00 p.m. in the evening until 11:45 p.m., there were a lot of voters who wanted to register. As a result, the registration website and Smart Vote application have problems loading pages slowly and cannot open the page, some people who have completed the registration cannot check whether the registration process is successful or not, even though the relevant agencies are trying to speed up the correction to return to normal operation. Some people have taken hours to complete their registration, resulting in Twitter users using the hashtag #เลือกตั้งล่วงหน้า, most of them citing problems that cannot be registered, as well as posting that the SEC responsible for organizing elections cannot solve the problem and demanding that the registration period be extended if the registration cannot be done by 12 a.m. for early voting information (April 9). 2,153,450 There were 2,042,381 local and non-district electors and 111,069 overseas elections. Director General of the Department of Consular Affairs Ministry of Foreign Affairs Opening of the Overseas Election Coordination Center Situation Room Within the Department of Consular Affairs Chaengwattana Road to serve as a center for coordination with agencies related to election management missions. Outside the Kingdom both domestically and internationally, consisting of 1. Department of Consular Affairs Ministry of Foreign Affairs 2. Office of the Election Commission (SEC), 3) Ministry of Interior and 4) Thailand Post Company Limited (POT), as well as coordinating with the Royal Thai Embassy. The Royal Thai Consulate-General and the Global Trade and Economic Office of the Situation Room will monitor overseas elections to ensure that the Embassy's procedures are implemented. The Royal Thai Consulate-General and 94 Thai Trade and Economic Offices around the world will use information technology to track through the Overseas Election Monitoring System (OVMS), a web application system developed by the Consular Information and Information Management Center. The Royal Thai Consulate-General and the Thai Trade and Economic Offices around the world as a whole closely follow various procedures and gather data or statistics. 24/7 holding of overseas elections  
Analysis: For Thailand to hope "Bang Sud Ku" to give away 10 thousand digital money|Pheu Thai Party launches latest policy Create a buzz all over the place. When announcing the distribution of 10,000 baht in digital money to Thais aged 16 years and above. It hopes to stimulate the economy at the foundation level of the country by allowing people to shop in designated areas, which will create a flow of money in the economy. Meanwhile, the state will have revenue from tax collection in 2024, which the Pheu Thai Party announced will start the project immediately, will increase by 267 billion baht. He also announced during a conversation with Lampang residents via Zoom that he would raise 400 baht per day immediately in his first year as a government, i.e. by 2023, thus acting as a superpower to boost the momentum for the Pheu Thai Party to achieve its landslide goals. Although such policies are "political parties cannot think" or do not have them, many of them, whether announced on the campaign platform, on the party's website or interviews with leaders, are related to the use of money. The giveaways and giveaways are almost completely crushed. But it may not be as impressive as that of the Pheu Thai Party, which is more specialized and skilled, as well as many other people, feeling that the last 8 years as Prime Minister of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha will be miserable. Things are already expensive. The country's economy will start to move up since the opening of the country to foreign tourists. Post COVID-19 It's getting worse. At the end of 2021, however, the key issue that is linked to the current situation is that the country's overall economy over the past 8 years has been severely traumatized, deeply absorbed, long-seeped, long-lasting, as the Pheu Thai Party leader reiterated. How practical is collateral in practice? Actual beneficiaries of this project are not counted. Although the radius is set at 4 kilometers, in practice it is believed that there may be exceptions or the radius of digital wallet use must be extended. For many types of bright-headed people. As can be seen from many projects that have come before, such as traveling around Thailand, paying half per person. In addition, the fact that people get money is easy. Spending will also be easy. Without much thought as well, including the aftermath of selling and consuming populist policies, it will be even more stimulating for both political parties and the target audience is the general voters. There are channels of support from the government in terms of increasing efficiency, effectiveness, developing and utilizing soft power in Thailand. Returning to focus and obsess over the struggle to distribute fish to villagers using their own money instead of teaching and recommending techniques on fishing that is sustainable. South and Central American countries, especially Argentina and Venezuela, will find this an important lesson that should not be taken as an analytical model: Prajak Mawongsa read related news The SEC preliminarily concluded that more than 2.1 million people voted in advance of voting.
Last post: "Somkiat Osotsapa" Don't draw a war into the house to win politics.|"Somkiat Osotspa" died Leave one last message to the Thai people The world has changed a lot and is about to change big. Hit a good problem. Don't draw a war into the house just to win each other politically. Let's make sure the war doesn't come to this area today (April 10, 2023). The Facebook page of political science and economics scholars mourns the passing of Assoc. Prof. Dr. Somkiat Osotsapa, former dean of the Faculty of Economics, Chulalongkorn University and an economics scholar who wrote articles on border security and trade. International politics and social alarm analysis on bitcoin and cryptocurrencies The page recently posted a message after Assoc. Prof. Dr. Somkiat died "If my son had posted this message on Facebook, I would have left this world"I grew up in an era when Thailand was very poor, lagging behind many countries in this area. Thailand is the most modern and perfect country in many ways. In my lifetime, We've weathered the war. It has been economically and politically many times. We survived all the world's circumstances. This face I created to stop the Civil War 9 years ago. Thailand is no different from Ukraine now, 4 years ago we came through the abolition. Now we can see that a country that has missed out has destroyed its culture. How longing for identity. The world has changed a lot, and it's going to change again. Let's hit the problem carefully. Don't draw a war into the house just to win each other politically. Let's make sure the war doesn't come to this neighborhood. We are interested in making money around here but finding money for gold and this face will be left open. My son must have written some more. He helped me with this face from the beginning. I wish you all a long life, thank you for being friends for a long time, that you will stay a little longer, but when the time comes, you have to go. That's all life is all it takes. Dr. Somkiat passed away on April 9 last year and prayed for the funeral at Sala 13, Wat Chonprathan Rangsarit, Royal Monastery. Pak Kret district, Nonthaburi province will have a fire meeting ceremony today (April 10). 14.00 hrs.
"Alongkorn" bluffs village bank's policy to be more sustainable than 10,000 cryptocurrencies|"Alongkorn" ready to discuss "Economy" to exchange economic perspectives Vogue Village Bank Policy The NCPO is more sustainable. 10,000,000 digital money today (10 April 2023) Mr. Alongkorn Polbut, economic team of the Democratic Party, said that there is a difference between the Pheu Thai Party and the Democratic Party's Village-Community Bank. Argue, clarify, exchange views with oneself. In particular, criticism of the Pheu Thai Party's 10,000 baht digital money distribution policy, he reserves his opinion and does not mention the issue. Contrary to the election law or not, but only proposes Democrat policies to compare with village bank policies. Community banks in every village in 77 provinces have established a local banking system to provide deposit and loan services as well as other services. Using digital banking technology (Fintech), artificial intelligence (AI) and blockchain (Blockchain) to back up management with 200 billion baht Mr. Alongkorn said that having a village and community banking system would be the biggest banking reform in more than 100 years. To solve the problem of access to dams and capital of both rural and urban villagers. There is money in circulation to stimulate the economy. It can solve the problem of debt poverty and solve the problem of informal debt." Able to use the services of the SME Startup Fund 300,000 million baht I think that the policy of village banks and community banks of 2,000,000 baht will answer both the needs of stimulating the economy and accessing credit for villagers sustainably, and maintaining the country's fiscal discipline with the least impact on public debt, better than the digital money policy of the Pheu Thai Party, or Mr. Settha would argue. We welcome the democratic exchange of views."
"Wannor" rides train to campaign for Thai people in Malay|"Wannor" brings members of the Nation Party. Get on the train to vote with Malaysian Thais confident if they join the next government Peace talks will be completed today (10 April 2023) Mr. Wan Muhammad Nor Mata Leader of the National Party Maj. Gen. Thawee Surveillance More than 40 members and candidates from 19 constituencies traveled by ETS from Padang Besar Railway Station to Kuala Lumpur. Malaysia The meeting was attended by Dato' seri Diraja Dr. Zambry Abdul Kadir, Foreign Minister of Malaysia and Dato' seri Saifuddin Nasution, Minister of Interior Malaysian Wan Muhammad Nor said the People's Democratic Party is running in every railway constituency in the province. Malaysia thought about developing high-speed rail, he did it immediately. The faster the development of high-speed rail, the more profitable it is for the people. The cost of construction is economically cheap. The public is comfortable. Prosperity has occurred within 10 years, but Thailand has only developed roads which are not mass transit developments. I came to Malaysia by train because I wanted to see it for myself. The campaign wasn't just on floats. But we also boarded the train, so we got the idea of how to develop the train in our house, Mr. Wan Muhammad Nor. "We should accelerate the development of high-speed rail as soon as possible because it is a mass transport and cargo transport and has high safety. The electric train will also help protect the environment. Energy-saving The Thai landscape is conducive to the use of trains as well, from north to south for thousands of kilometers. In fact, we should have a high-speed rail before Malaysia. Malaysia built a 1-meter-wide rail system because it wanted to connect the railway with Thailand, but we were slow, which resulted in a loss of opportunity. He said that the main issue of the Prachachart Party was to join the fasting with the Thai people in Malaysia. Especially many groups of entrepreneurs and workers of Tom Yum shop. Malaysia's Interior Minister and Foreign Minister will discuss the work permit. The age of workermits has been shortened, from 50 years to 40 years, so we need to discuss to expand opportunities for our residents to work. We often visited each other and discussed developments together. He said he would also help with peace talks between us and those who have dissenting opinions, mediated by the Malaysian government, and that the government of Prime Minister Anwar, who has already expressed his intention through the media, wants it to end well. There is still hope that this Malaysian government will succeed and if the nation becomes the government in the next election, the negotiations will be concluded as soon as possible. "Election 66"Last post "Somkiat Osotsapa" Do not draw a war into the house to win politicsAnalysis: For Thailand hopes "Bang Sud Ku" gives away 10 thousand digital money 
NCPO holds policy to inject 1 trillion baht Hoping to push GDP growth beyond 5%|"NHC" ready to inject 1 million baht Strengthening economic foundations Income diversification No increase in government debt, reduce household debt Today (10 April 2023) The Democrat Economic Team held a kickoff press conference "Democrat injects 1 trillion baht in economy. Who gets what?" to present guidelines for the use of 1 trillion baht injection. To stimulate the country's economy and generate income for the Thai people, led by Mr. Pisit Leeatham, former Finance Minister and Chairman of the Democratic Party Policy Committee. Mr. Kiat Siddhiamorn Former Chairman of Thai Trade Representative Chairman of the Foreign Committee Democrat Mr. Samart Ratchapolsit, former deputy governor of Bangkok, an expert in transport, infrastructure and large-scale projects, and Mr. Sasiprunt Chandratat. Former private bank executive with Mrs. Darunwan Charnpipattanachai Deputy Spokesperson of the Democratic Party Mr. Pisit Leeahtham The chairman of the Democratic Party's policy committee said the Democratic Party has macroeconomic policies and economic stimulus measures with 1 trillion baht. The goal is to create economic growth above 5% per annum while closing the gap between populations without creating public debt or undermining the functioning of the financial system and reducing household debt in order to make the economy strong, stable and sustainable. By increasing liquidity to solve working capital constraints by dividing them into foundation levels by establishing village and community banks. According to the People's Financial Institutions Act B.E. 2562 (2019), the mid-level limit will unlock the Government Pension Fund for civil servants in the amount of 100 billion baht and unlock the provident fund for company employees in the amount of 200 billion baht. The two funds totaled Baht 300,000 million. BUY A HOUSE OR REDUCE HOUSING DEBT AT THE SME LEVEL BY INCREASING SMES AND START-UP CAPITAL BY 300 BILLION BAHT. In addition, there are long-term measures to restructure and unlock restrictions to increase efficiency and productivity by dividing it into land matters, issuing title deeds for 1 million plots, granting arable rights to state land, subsidizing 3 million baht for consolidation of large plots of land, fisheries, relaxing IUU measures on labor, providing free education to bachelor's degrees in fields that the market needs. Technology The remaining 6 measures will have an effect on reducing inequality and diversifying income: 1. Income insurance for 5 main agricultural products 2. Farmers receive 30,000 baht from land 2,000 baht per rai, not more than 15 rai 3. Local fishermen 100,000 baht per group4. Livestock dairy farmers will benefit from 365 days of school milk, 5. Elderly clubs 30,000 baht per year, and 6. One ID card for free medical treatment and medical examination, which in total is expected to spend 220 billion baht. from the impact of the crisis compounding the crisis, both from inflation. Deficit with foreign countries Fiscal deficit, especially revenue missing from COVID-19 impact. Over the past 3 years, more than 3 trillion baht have already been implemented by the state in aid measures, namely loans under the COVID-19 Act. The total revenue collected is about 1.5 trillion baht, including revenue collected about 500 billion baht lower than the forecast (2020-2022). Therefore, there is still a revenue hole that is missing another 1 trillion baht. The Democratic Party will plug the income hole here to keep the Thai economy moving. The key condition is to reduce household debt from 90% of GDP and not create public debt from above 60% of GDP. This must be done within 3-4 months, of which Thailand already has 800 billion baht waiting in the fiscal system. The other 200 billion baht will be from restructuring the budget system and managing revenue collection and extrabudgetary funds. Read related news "One Nor" Take a train to campaign for Thais in Malay until no later than 4 p.m. Know the unofficial results "Election 66" "Alongkorn" bluff village bank's policy is more sustainable than 10 thousand cryptocurrencies
The SAT will not later than 4 p.m. to know the unofficial results "Election 66" |The Secretary-General of the SAT confirmed the report of the election results 66 earlier than before 4 p.m. Sorry pre-registration crashed last night. 2.4 million people requested early voting. 80% of voters are expected to vote today (April 10, 2023). Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the Election Commission, presided over the opening seminar to strengthen knowledge and cooperation with media network partners to elect members of the House of Representatives. There may be some mistakes or confusion, which is not related to the media, but it may be related to the people who go on the show, so ask them to study the law because some people are socially respected, but giving an opinion without studying the law may cause confusion because the election is almost 100% rules. Clarify what is not useful, Mr. Sawang. He said the May 14 election results would not be reported in real-time as demanded. After closing at 5:00 p.m., it is unlikely that no later than 7:00 p.m. will be able to start reporting and no later than 10:00 p.m. should know almost 100% of the results. Be transparent and verifiable, Mr. Sawang said about the case. He apologized to the public for possible delays since 21 last night (April 9). Normally, the system can accommodate 4,000 users per second, but last night it was probably more, causing a problem, which the registry tried to solve. Earlier this morning, coordination was carried out, and if there are people who have already registered in the system, they must inform them of which areas have voted because the early voting is not complete. Elections so far The SAT also asked for an amendment and could not answer whether to extend the registration period. More than 2.4 million people have registered so far, and the number of registered users is expected to be similar to 2.6 million in the 2019 election, with 80% voter turnout expected in this election. 10,000 baht per person within 7 days because the source of the money has not been told The condition must be told to inform the people to make decisions regardless of what kind of populist policy they are, which without detailed information may be considered contrary to the law on elections (5), but at this time it is not considered guilty because failure to notify is not considered wrong on the part of Mr. Srisuwan. etiquette Secretary-General of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association submitted to The SAT examined whether the policy of topping up tens of thousands of baht into the digital system would be considered as a promise to give assets or other benefits that could be calculated as income and was deceptive or misleading in the popular vote of a candidate or political party, as prohibited in Section 73 (1) and (5) of the Election Act of 2018. Mr. Sawang said it is the right to proceed to read the relevant news "Alongkorn". Bluff on Village Bank's policy to be more sustainable than 10 billion digital money, NCPO upholds policy to inject 1 trillion baht Hoping to push GDP growth beyond 5%, "Wannor" rides the train to campaign for Thais in Malay
"Juree" Tik Tok Star Southern politics point to eat bloated belly - close opportunities for the new generation|"Juree", the favorite Tik Tok star of the South, helps "Korn", the head of the National Pattanaklao Party, to lead the team to Chumphon to help "Lawyer Destiny" campaign Ask for a chance for villagers' children Don't choose a big house with high walls. Southern politics point to eat bloated belly - close opportunities for the new generation Today (10 Apr 2023) Mr. Korn Jatikvanich The leader of the Pattanaklao Party, along with Mr. Juree Naumkaew Laenglao or "By Jury", the southerner's favorite tik tok star, candidate for District 2 in Songkhla province, went to the area to help Mr. Likit Srichart or lawyer Likit, the candidate. District 2 MP Chumphon Naikon said the party sent a quality representative who is the son of a villager, lawyer Likit Srichat. The former deputy prime minister ran for MP more than 3 years ago as a small party that stood up to capitalists and did not rely on the support factor of big capital at all, so he dared to speak up and do what met the needs of the people. Agricultural prices must be sustainable. Farmers must be capitalists, setting prices for goods, Mr. Juri said, this election will be the most money-intensive election. He saw the people as fish, so he used bait to lure the villagers to eat his bait. We have to teach them a lesson that Chumphon people eat bait but not hooks. By giving the villagers a chance to become a representative, while the lawyer said that if they elect representatives from the villagers' children, not people with big houses with high walls, because if they get in trouble, they will not see their heads because the walls are too high. If you receive his money on May 13th. The election on May 14 and May 15 is gone. Take a train to campaign for Thais in Malay until no later than 4 p.m. Know the unofficial results "Election 66"Last post "Somkiat Osotsapa" Do not draw a war into the house to win political
"Change Party" Can't stop enlisting in the military because of hidden interests.|"Knot", the leader of the changed party, supports voluntary military conscription, suggesting that every April 1 is military enlistment day and everyone wants to become honorable, but today he cannot quit conscription because of hidden benefits today (April 10, 2023). Mr. Panthawat Nakvisut Speaking about conscription, the leader of the Change Party said that the Change Party opposed conscription, wanted to abolish and use voluntary recruitment instead, and made it clear that April 1 would be the recruitment date and determine the number of soldiers required each year to pursue a military career. Have a sufficient salary to be able to make a living. Until there was a scramble to take the exam to become a soldier, the leader of the Change Party said that conscription could be a business channel. Earn from black cards, red cards. Starting at the middle rate of about 40,000 baht. Or when the training is finished, do not have to return to the Divisional Department, deduct half of the salary queue bounty. I have to go to work for your house. This makes it impossible to cancel military service. Read related news No later than 4 p.m. to know the unofficial results "Election 66", the NCPO holds a policy to inject 1 trillion baht Hoping to push GDP growth beyond 5%, "Alongkorn" bluffs village bank's policy to be more sustainable than 10 thousand digital money
"Phongsa" pointed out the Green Party without big house capital - money domination. Not in the eyes of the media.|"Phongsa Choonam" Green Party Leader Out of the eyes of the media, the reason is free from the dominance of the big gray house, lean forward with the election campaign and raise the planting of trees on arable land to help solve the problem of reducing PM2.5 dust more sustainably than spending more than spending money. Use modern technology today (10 Apr 2023) Mr. Pongsa Choonam The Green Party leader said the election The Green Party is a global party that is free from the domination of the big gray house, so it has escaped from the mention of the Thai media, so I would like to question whether the Thai media chose the party name with numbers to present by what motive, probably not because they used to attend temples to make merit together, and probably not because of random numbers to present, but because the media believes that Thai people are foolish, pyramidal with bad facets. He never paid anyone even though he heard that if he did not pay the light, he would not shine. For the sun and the moon are equally responsible for the light of wisdom and the light of Dhamma. The light of silver and gold is the light of greed, not the light of wisdom. Mr. Pongsa also mentioned that solving the PM 2.5 problem that using modern technology and large budgets is the immediate solution, but planting trees in all types of arable land for villagers will solve the problem sustainably. Tik Tok Star Southern politics point to eat bloated belly - close the opportunity for the new generation until no later than 4 p.m. to know the unofficial results "Election 66" "Alongkorn" bluff the village bank's policy is more sustainable than 10 thousand digital money. 
"Go the extra mile" demand SEC extends pre-election time - outside the district|"Go further," demanded. The SAT extends the date of early voter registration so that people do not lose their rights. After the website crashes on the last day today (April 10, 2023) Rangsiman Rome, spokesman for the Progressive Party. Call on the Election Commission (SEC) Extend early voter registration Out of bounds Outside the Kingdom of Thailand The Election Commission (SEC) Scheduled to take place between March 25 and April 9, 2023, yesterday (April 9) was the last day to register, but it turned out that the registration website was down. Many people were unable to register, Rangsiman said, adding that in 2019, people registered to vote in advance. Out of bounds Outside the Kingdom 2.63 million This time we heard that there are a total of 2.1 million people registered, so compared to 2019, there are 500,000 people who may definitely be missing, so it is the duty of the SAT and the Ministry of Interior to make the website available according to the time marked. As for claiming that because there are a lot of people using it, it is normal for the website to crash. It must also be seen that the people who registered to exercise their rights. How is this possible on the website of the SEC, which comes from citizens' tax money? There is time to prepare for work, and it is already expected that many people will access the website. "I urge the SAT to use its powers under Section 106 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of MPs to extend the registration date, such as the Songkran festival, to accommodate people who missed the registration even though it was not their fault can register. The progressive party will not stand still," Rangsiman said.
"Commandment" to Krabi, "Jurin" to Mahachai, selling ideas to help fishermen|"Commandment-Madame Deer" Lui Krabi helps "Pimrapi" campaign to elect the first female representative of the province Yan PDP trend improves, confident Southerners still choose while "Jurin" helps Samut Sakhon candidate campaign focusing on commercial fisheries policy today (April 10, 2023) Mr. Commander Norm Norm, Chairman of the Advisory Council and former leader of the Democratic Party. Ms. Watanya Bunnag, Chairman of the Political Innovation Working Group, visited the area. Khlong Thom Krabi province to help campaign for Miss Pimrapee Panvichatkul Krabi MP candidate for District 3 No. 5 of the Democratic Party, Ms. Watanya said that today the Democratic Party is ready and confident, although everyone may have heard the news that the Democratic Party is bleeding out, but today he will say that the Democratic Party still has a lot of new blood flowing in and that the blood that flows in comes with intention and ideology. Not a bloody outflow with buying. Bidding and selling Ms. Watanya continued: Today, the tide of the Democratic Party in Bangkok is getting better because he already knows that the last 8 years have entrusted his life to Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Political parties that live alongside Thai people The only political party that has been trusted for 77 years is the Democratic Party, while Mr. Kantam said he is confident that the people of the South, especially the people of Krabi, will definitely decide on the Democratic Party, both people and parties. Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party with his team went to help the Samut Sakhon congressional candidate. Mr. Jurin said that fisheries is a big problem because some measures have resulted in the closure of many commercial fisheries. Damage to the economy to 4-500 billion In the past, Therefore, the Democratic Party has a policy of "unlocking commercial fisheries" so that there are measures equal to IUU only, not measures beyond the IUU as it is today. Mr. Jurin said that we do not reject foreign workers because it is necessary to help develop our economy and will allow industries and SMEs to move forward while Thailand faces labor shortages. In particular, it is not possible to do business by yourself in Thailand like a Thai person. Read related news "Going Further" demand SEC extends pre-election time - outside the "Phongsa" district, pointing out the Green Party has no big house capital - money domination Not in the eyes of the media "go far" demand SEC extends pre-election time - outside the district
"Dr. Rewat" Summer campaign warning for "heat stroke" risk|Dr. Rewat, Pheu Nation Party prime minister candidate, warns of summer election campaign risks "heat stroke" hijacks government to speed up preparations for doctors and nurses Date (10 Apr 23) Dr. Rawat Wisarutvej, Pheu Nation Party Prime Minister candidate, said this summer. I would like all Thai people, including politicians who are campaigning, to be aware of heat stroke symptoms. Observe the symptoms. The patient can have symptoms ranging from swelling to finger pain, muscle aches, headache, dizziness. When the body temperature rises, it causes the body system to malfunction, and if the temperature cannot be lowered, seizures or loss of consciousness may occur. From irregular heartbeat to death, Dr. Rawat said heat stroke is a concern right now. The government should act as soon as possible, not remain silent like this, at least to alert the public to the dangers and symptoms so that people can monitor themselves and their families. Hospitals across the country prepare teams of doctors and nurses. A tool to deal with heat stroke patients The public health system must have training on how to properly save CPR, both medical personnel and training with rescuers.
"Saranavut" confident RTSC Surge There are selling points. There is FC.|"Saranwutt" Point to Thailand spinning hard sale stream to give away 10 thousand can not do Wo villagers like "Uncle Tu" RTSC good stream today(10 Apr) Mr. Saranwut Saranket Uttaradit MP candidate for District 3 of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) said that the current trend of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party is good day and night because the villagers love Lung Tu card. As we fight against false democracy, democracy robs the nation and makes the locals eyes open. After having been fascinated by a political party, even though it is not a true democracy, Mr. Saranwut said that if he heard Mr. Jatuporn Promphan unfold. The Pheu Thai Party has changed the tide. From the beginning, people didn't know much. Causing more people to know the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation that used to believe in the Pheu Thai Party has decreased, to add to the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation more, plus he himself has a lot of FC selling points, Mr. Saranavut mentioned the policy of the Pheu Thai Party announcing the distribution into digital pockets of 10,000 baht that there is a hidden agenda. It is made to spin current, also known as hard cells. Announce it first and fix it later, and if it is true, I still don't know where to get the money from. This party likes to announce policies like this. 
"Chatchat" orders strict control of election chests, prepares to install CCTV cameras to prevent loss  |Governor of Bangkok orders chest guard - control card chest Vote higher. The basic standards that the SAT oversees are prepared for the election day in advance on May 7, 2023 and the election on May 14, 2023 today (April 10, 2023). After the Bangkok Executive Meeting Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan The Governor of Bangkok reiterated the security measures in preparation for the election of MPs in the Bangkok area by assigning Pol. Gen. Adis Ngamjitsuksri, an advisor to the Governor of Bangkok, to oversee the process of unloading the card chests, preserving the card chests, and handing over the chests to the authorities. The election will be held on May 7 and the May 14 general election on April 12. Pol. Gen. Adis will consult with relevant departments both the district office and the Bangkok Police Commission to see the possibilities. The advanced security approach is higher than the initial measures adopted by the Central Government, such as installing GPS devices on election equipment during storage and transportation, as well as the use of CCTV cameras to capture images. The area where the card chest is stored so that there is no problem. Lost ballot boxes or other problems that may affect Bangkok's election arrangements.
"Prayuth" thanks to the number 1 poll celebrities want to play Songkran water|Gen. Prayuth thanked the Bangkok Poll results as a celebrity that society wants to invite Songkran to play in water. Thank you for encouraging the Prime Minister. Gen. Prawit silently answered questions from the media about not joining hands with the three major political parties today (April 11, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister thanked the people. The Bangkok Poll found that Gen. Prayuth is a celebrity in society who wants to invite him to play Songkran water with the most. After this will find an opportunity and time to make merit, the Prime Minister also thanked the people for encouraging the Prime Minister and considered it to everyone and the whole Thai people. Thanking the Prime Minister's kindness, Gen Prayuth said that tomorrow (April 12) there will also be merit making by the Cabinet, but did not say where the Songkran festival will go or not. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the Power Pracharath Party He did not respond to press inquiries. On the refusal to join hands with the Pheu Thai Party and the Progressive Party. Power Pracharath Party During Songkran Festival, Gen. Prawit still did not open his house to party members to bless his head during Songkran Prime Minister. Thanks to the polls, it is a celebrity in society that people want to invite to play Songkran water with the most. May good things keep happening in society. Let's not mind each other, because the nation is the most important. #ThaiPBSnews pic.twitter.com/AZBE6KUwlo Read related news "Bangkok Poll" reveals that city people want to invite "Prayuth-Chatchat-Chuvit" to play in Songkran water the most"Songkran Silom" No road closures - Czech 198 swimming spots April 11-13
"Diary" to answer the clue "Doctor is ready" to drop the question to the Permanent Secretary|Anutin Charnvirakul brushed off the clues of "Doctor Ready" information leaked, related to the election? Deputy Prime Minister and Health Minister Anutin Charnvirakul said that hackers have taken personal information into the doctor's system and are ready to publish it. Dr. Opas Karykwinpong, Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Public Health, has collaborated with the Ministry of Digital Economy and Society (DES), which is a matter in the Office of the Permanent Secretary for Public Health. When asked repeatedly if the doctor's information was really ready to be leaked, Mr. Anutin stated that he did not know. Officials haven't reported it yet, because it's information from so many places. The investigation is conducted as a matter of authorities. The Ministry of Public Health is a service provider, whose details were asked to ask the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Health, who himself had already given the policy, when asked if many parties were worried that the information would be used for the upcoming elections.
Jurin reiterated that he has not shaken hands with any party pending the results after the election.|"Jurin Laksanavisit" The head of the Democratic Party assessed the response. Better NHC. He reiterated his position that he has not joined hands with any party to form a government. Let's wait for the results after the election. Do not criticize the 10,000 baht digital money policy. But I think we must not risk taking the country to die with a sword in the face today (April 11, 2023). Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit, Deputy Prime Minister and Commerce Minister, as the head of the Democratic Party, said that the Democratic Party still has silent power. Many more will come back to help the party in the upcoming elections. Nakhon Sawan province was well received. Tens of thousands of people attended the speech and supported the Democratic Party. It shows that these powers are better feedback. Visualize more concretely, capturing polarization after an election that may not be the same. Mr. Jurin said that the matter asks the people to make an election decision, which he has always insisted on and will adhere to this principle. Which polarity or shake hands with anyone must be entirely post-election. Whoever shakes hands first doesn't mean it's going to be that way. If you capture the polarity and form a government, There is no need for elections, so how can democracy be achieved? It must start with an election, and the people will be the first to answer which party will form the government and lead to the formation of the government. The people will be the first to answer, and whichever party shakes hands first is a matter for each party, but the Democratic Party insists that the voice of the people must be respected first. Affirmative thinking never changes. Have a clear ideological position policy. Therefore, people are asked to trust the Democratic Party, and most importantly, not to lead the country astray. Whether it is monetary policy, economy, society, while the Pracharath Power Party He said he would not join hands with the Pheu Thai Party and move forward. Mr. Jurin insisted that he would not interfere with each party because the NCPO has a clear position and has never been distracted. Mr. Churin reiterated that the party has a policy based on responsibility and enumerates the sources of income and the use of money, so that the country can definitely move forward. Therefore, he did not criticize the Pheu Thai Party's 10,000 baht digital money policy, but viewed that the policy of political parties must not lead the country to die with a sword in the face. Therefore, it is thought that policy corruption should not occur again because it would be considered as destroying the country. Destroying democracy in Thailand must be something that must be realized, recognized, and history as a lesson.
"Thammanat-Virat" opens Nakhon Pathom stage Holding up the policy of public card - senior citizen allowance|"R.A. Thammanat" leads the candidate Nakhon Pathom MP opens speech stage Chu Citizen Card Policy – Elderly Allowance to Overcome Conflict and Strengthen Vulnerable Groups April 10, 2023 Power Pracharath Party Opening speech at Don Tum District Governor's Field Mr. Virat Rattanaseth, Deputy Party Leader R.A. Thammanat Prompao Chief Election Strategist Giving a speech on the party's policy along with Nakhon Pathom MP candidate Mr. Wirat gave a speech on the stage that the Pracharath Party wants The MPs of Nakhon Pathom province that we are going to be in government together. In the 2019 elections, the representatives of the people of Nakhon Pathom had more opposition than the government. Today, he is not angry at all that many people have moved to different political parties, but this must be the government side. We ask everyone to choose the Pracharath Party because our policy this time is better than before, such as the last Pracharath card gave people 300 baht, but this time it will increase to 700 baht. When it was released, it came out whether it would last a long time or not. But today proved that we can help the people for 4 years." During the past COVID situation, I was able to eat, I asked for this card. By Today Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the Power Pracharath Party Said 300 baht wasn't enough. In Nakhon Pathom province, there are 300,000 people who have received Pracharath patents. Mr. Wirat said that in addition, the Power Pracharath Party has a policy to take care of the elderly by increasing the stepped allowance from the age of 60 to 3,000 baht per month, the age of 70 years and above to 4,000 baht per month, and the age of 80 years and above to 5,000 baht per month. In a speech on the stage, Thammanat said that the Pracharath Party has made it clear that we will strengthen the vulnerable before we give them a hook to make a living. If a person is still sick, lying in bed, Even if we give him the hook, Will he be wise to go fishing? Therefore, first of all, we need to keep them healthy, so we have established these policies such as the State Welfare Card for low-income people. As soon as you run out of breath, the state will provide a security deposit of 200,000 baht so as not to burden your children in organizing black and white events, which can be withdrawn immediately. "In the last four years, the administration of the country under the leadership of Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha has been able to stay because the only person I can say with full mouth is that he can live because of Gen. Prawit. He instructed organizations, ministries to look at and solve problems for the people. In times of this situation, Gen. Prawit is the most suitable to be prime minister." R.A. Thammanat Read related news "Jurin" reiterated that he has not joined hands with any party. Waiting for the results after the election, smile on your cheeks! Thank you for being ranked No. 1 poll celebrities want to play Songkran water. 
"Rome" Jang "Senator Upkit" questioned discrimination in money laundering case |"Rome" Answered "Senator Upkit" after opening a list of 86 companies receiving money transferred from drug case accounts. Questioning why only one person is being condemned. Confirm there is strong evidence, accelerate the NCC-PPP. to condemn After finding litigation related to Narcotics-filing false property accounts Not yet updated today (11 Apr 2023) Rangsiman Rome, spokesman for the Progressive Party. According to the second press conference of Senator Upkit Pajariyangkur, who pry information that the horse accounts in the drug money laundering case were transferred to 86 other accounts of both natural persons and juristic persons, why was only one person convicted? If Rangsiman Rome doesn't discriminate, doesn't think about bullying. If you don't expect political results, you should also investigate those 86 people/companies. Mr. Rangsiman said that he was aware that the Senator Upkit handed over the information to the prosecutor, who wanted to help determine if anyone else was guilty of drug money laundering, it was your right to do so. But if I did it just to accuse me of treating you unfairly, I must say that I was able to talk about money laundering and drug trafficking. There needs to be a lot of supporting evidence, such as financial connections being one of them, but if there is only this evidence, as you cited 86 persons/companies, it is not enough to debate it. Didn't you say that a drug dealer buys and sells anything? This does not necessarily mean that those merchants are all money launderers, but it must be considered on a case-by-case basis, in the case of Senator Upkit, if the evidence is only about the financial routes between drug dealers and Allure Group. I didn't bring it up for discussion in the first place, but I decided to bring it up because there were other evidence, such as chat messages or testimonies of Tunminlat and others who had been arrested earlier, which I considered strong enough to speak out for the society to be aware and help monitor the case process so that it didn't freak out. Today, Senator Upkit still says the translation is wrong. He said that the text messages are very basic. It is not beyond the understanding of people who have studied English. Still claims to be talking about the cement plant. About some gold, I've said before, that's just a little bit of a distraction. Most of the chats talk about running Allure. When I came around, there was also a claim that the police had edited their old chats to slander them, I think we will follow up on the next case to see if it will be as you claimed. Trying to link it to the party to which they belong, they must reiterate that they intend to bring this matter to the general debate agenda because they think it is important. They don't have any power to determine when the debate will take place. It is not that there are 2-3 incidents and then you can speak quickly and believe that society has enough judgment to see that what they say is just a metaphysical smear or credible information. He doesn't support this party, so I think it's okay if you show me the lease. Part of the thing that you stuck with this net is because the Ruam Thai National Building Party side is not clear about this itself. Senator Upkit doesn't have anything outside of it, and there's no harm in revealing it. In addition, now that it is known that the tenants took it to make a political party. Senator Upkit should also consider not renewing the lease to avoid further charges, Mr. Rangsiman said. The real authority more than myself who has been a voice in the past are the agencies and government officials in the justice system that I have mentioned and complained about before. The NACC and the SEC have to move forward with the investigation and consider both the case and the peculiarities, so far there are still many issues that are pending. Senator Upkit has not been charged with drugs despite the same testimony as Tunminlat and his associates. Has the seizure of assets been carried out to prevent embezzlement? Whether the judges involved in the withdrawal of arrest warrants are progressing and how is the filing of false property accounts? Not to waste the strength that the junior civil servants work actively and honestly. Senator Upkit said there would be a "gift" for you. If it is an exercise of legal rights, it can be done. Confirm that they have performed their duties in good faith and are ready to fight the case to the end. Just don't play outside the rules.
SEC prints 57 million ballots - 2 still untapped |The SEC printed 57 million ballots out of 52 million voters, confident that fake ballots had not been tapped to clear the color of the district-list ballots.  Today (11 Apr 2023) Mr. Kittipong Boribun, Deputy Secretary-General, Office of the Election Commission (SEC) He said about 52 million voters will print about 57 million ballots in this election. There is no cut-off or separation because ballots cannot be paid according to the number of voters in the polling station. Some cards must also be reserved, but as few as necessary. If the reserve is large, there will be problems for the Deputy Secretary-General. The SAT said that as part of the anti-ballot counterfeiting measures, the card has a security system that can check whether the card used is real or counterfeit. There is a process to check the color of the printed paper texture. It prevented card impersonation, but could not disclose details of the verification process when asked if political parties are currently There is publicity that the roster ballot is a green card. Mr. Kittipong said that the ballot The SAT had publicized it before that. The intention is for the public to be aware of the format of how each type of ballot is important. It is not tied to the color of Mr. Kittipong's ballot. It said the zonal ballot format only defines checkboxes and candidate numbers. List-based ballots include party number, party name, party logo, and checkboxes, unlike ballots cast in 2019 with a single ballot. Because district scores must be used to calculate roster scores, it is designed to link political parties, in addition, up to 20 district candidates do not exceed the capacity of the people. The size of the ballots varies, but the details of the ballots are large because there are 67 parties, but in front of each polling station there are signs announcing candidates and political parties. To facilitate people to vote, he reiterated that ballots must be strictly required by law. Because Section 84 clearly defines it, read the relevant news, smile cheek-to-cheek! Thank you for being ranked No. 1 poll celebrities want to play Songkran water "Chatchat" Strict control of election chests and prepares to install surveillance cameras to prevent loss of "Dr. Rewat" Summer campaign warning for "heat stroke" risk
"The Nation" Malaysian Minister seeks to discuss Thai labour problems |Malaysian Foreign Minister Let's talk after the election and discuss the issue of Thai labor work permits. I wish you to join the government and hope to strengthen Thai-Male relations in all dimensions.  Today (10 April 2023) at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Malaysia. Mr. Wan Muhammad Nor Mata Leader of the People's Democratic Party, Pol. Gen. Thawee Surveillance The General Secretary of the party and his team met Dato' seri Diraja Dr. Zambry Abdul Kadir, Minister of Foreign Affairs. Malaysia to discuss work permit issues Joint economic development as there are currently more than 100,000 Thais working in Malaysia. Matha said he was grateful to the Malaysian government for taking good care of Thai nationals who come to work in Malaysia and acknowledged the problems faced by Thais who are in Malaysia to seek the courtesy of the Malaysian government on many issues, such as the work permit application for Thai nationals which has a lot of steps. Previously, only people under the age of 45 were allowed to work here, especially cooks. The 45-year-old restaurant is also in good health and has a lot of culinary experience. Therefore, he would like to consider extending the age criteria for applying for work permits so that Thai people can work legally and have skilled personnel with work experience, as well as considering granting work permits to other occupations such as waitresses in restaurants. Will definitely expedite this process. Malaysia also wants talks between Thailand and Malaysia. On many topics, such as solving economic problems, technology and other matters, read other news "Dhammanus-Virat". Opening of Nakhon Pathom Stage Holding up the policy of the state card - elderly allowance "Rome" Jang "Senator Upkit" questioned discrimination to investigate money laundering case "Big Joke" announced the closure of the case of carrying out the killing of Chinese students coordinated the request for the repatriation of the accused to Thailand
Rome urges SEC to extend early voter registration Warning, beware of being sued.|"Rome" continued the pendant. Don't be silent. Extend early voter registration Warning to be careful of being sued by people to lose their rights. I didn't want it to be like that today (April 11, 2023). Rangsiman Rome, spokesman for the Progressive Party. Ask the Election Commission for answers Extending the date of early voter registration The far-right party proposed to add until Songkran that the SAT must have an answer to this matter, not just to issue a sent-end apology, but it cannot be clear how the SAT will ultimately proceed. This event should already be predicted. There's billions in taxes, there's time to prepare. Why still let this happen, Mr. Rangsiman continued. If the SAT still does not have an answer, it must warn that it is wary of being sued by the people because Article 50 of the Constitution stipulates that elections are the duty of the Thai people. The inability of one citizen to exercise his rights. Even if he does not want that, he will be disqualified from several clauses for up to 2 years as specified in Section 35 of the Election of MPs Act, such as not having the right to sign a petition to contest the election of an MP, not being eligible to apply as an MP or a member of a local council or local executive or senator, and being disqualified to hold a position as a political official. "Is it not a matter for people to be restricted even though they have done nothing wrong? He wanted to go to the polls, but the election authorities couldn't accommodate him. Both are the main tasks of the organization. If the SEC does not pay for this kind of taxes, it may be sued by the people, so hurry up and give an answer to whether to extend the date of early voter registration or what measures are taken to protect people's rights. Not to be affected by the SAT itself's own mistakes," Mr. Rangsiman said.
Noppadol pointed out that the digital wallet policy is new. If you don't understand, go study.|"Noppadol" evaluates 10,000 baht digital wallet policy to resonate with people The party can clarify the SEC on all issues. Respond to criticism The distortion of the same regulars, it will no longer work today (11 April 2023). Pheu Thai Party candidate Noppadol Padma said that after the party launched its 10,000-baht digital wallet policy, the party would not be able to do so. The public welcomed and agreed with this policy to stimulate the economy in a big way. It is considered a coalition of reversals of this policy because it makes the public aware of this policy even more widely, but for some minority politicians and regulars, who may not yet understand the content of the policy and are quick to distort the facts. And read the statement of the party leader who continuously clarified the 10,000 baht digital wallet policy, such as distorting that the 10,000 baht digital wallet will be like a crypto coin, which is not true because the 10,000 baht digital wallet is not a cryptocurrency and is not a new currency and that distorts the slander that private companies will be involved in the implementation of the 10,000 baht digital wallet policy. It is not about any private individuals, the party thanks to constructive criticism. The distortion and slander of policy by the regulars, reflecting the prejudices and attitudes of critics, will be in vain. Politics in this era is a race for policy, not a race to lieRead related news "Rome" hijacks SEC to extend pre-election registration Warning to be wary of being sued "The Nation" Malaysian Minister meets to discuss Thai labour problems "Thammanat-Virat" Opening of Nakhon Pathom Stage Holding up the policy of public card - senior citizen allowance
"For Thailand" If the distribution of cryptocurrencies is not fined 500,000,000|To Thailand has not yet enumerated the origin knots. Digital wallet policy He did not report a fine of 500,000 tow a day until it was completed. Reveals that the party has not yet been dissolved for the SEC to consider today (April 11, 2023). Maj. Gen. Natthawat Sengiamsak, Deputy Secretary-General The SAT in charge of political parties said: The SEC has not yet been informed by the Pheu Thai Party about the origin of the money and the amount of money required to campaign for the distribution of money in digital wallets to Thais aged 16 years and above. 10,000 baht per person The S.A.T. has a letter to report back soon, but I don't think it will be long. The party will be informed by this. The SEC has not only given clarifications to the Pheu Thai Party, but will send notices to all political parties that have submitted candidates in accordance with the procedure. If the office The S.A.T. has already written and hasn't come back yet, so it will be offered. The SAT issued an order. If this is not done, there will be a criminal penalty of a fine of 500,000 baht from the date of notification by the SEC, and a fine of 10,000 baht per day until the procedure is correct. Confirming that the SEC must enforce the law in accordance with the framework, when asked if there is currently news that political parties may be considered disbanding after the election, the Deputy Secretary-General The SAT said that when a complaint is made, the SAT must take steps. If the investigation finds that there is no basis, the petitioner will be notified, but if it has weight, it will be proposed to the SAT for consideration, which at the moment does not have any petition to dissolve any party to propose to the SEC meeting to consider reading related news. If you don't understand, go study - don't say "Dharmanas-Virat". Opening of Nakhon Pathom Stage Holding up the policy of public card - senior citizen allowance
"Thammarak" to go to 3 northeastern provinces, confident candidates ready to solve problems in the area|"Thammarak" to go to the Northeast, confident that the PDP candidate is ready to work for the people, announcing that all problems must be solved "Gen. Prawit" never leaves anyone behind today (April 11, 2023) Gen. Thammarak Isarangkoon Na Ayutthaya, advisor to the head of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP), visited Nakhon Ratchasima province with Mr. Kasem Suparanon and Mr. Prapit Nawamkoksung and Mr. Sukrit Watcharamaleekul Candidate of the Pracharath Party Districts 1, 2 and 13 to listen to the problems and needs of the people in the area. Gen. Thammarak also visited Buriram and Surin provinces to meet and give a speech to publicize the policies of the Power Pracharath Party with the people. It is considered a good vision, which will allow the new generation to participate and play a greater role in politics, leading to development in a constructive way. He proposed a project to develop agriculture that would stimulate the local economy, which everything that could be done would have to elect the whole party in order for the Pracharath Power Party to form the government. To push various policies into realityRead related news "For Thailand" If the digital currency distribution is not fined 500,000 kg, the printing of 57 million ballots - still not knocking the color of 2 ballots. Malaysian Minister seeks to discuss Thai labour problems
"Not Yan does not play politics to rejuvenate. Hoping to solve the problem for people to find breakfast and dinner. |"Not Exceptional" Insist on not playing politics to rejuvenate purification, ensuring more than 3 million votes. Moving forward with policies to help people find breakfast and dinner and have welfare. Eligibility Have a place in society today (10 April 2023) Mr. Panthawat Nakvisut List candidate and leader of the Change No. 20 party gave an interview on The Politics House News. Politics that the Change Party intends to change the lives of morning seekers with policies based on firsthand experience in their own lives that have always been difficult and do not have opportunities, which is more difficult than success, has a business of tens of billions, so it understands how difficult everyone is. He added that the main policy proposed by the party is the idea of raising money, supporting and helping people find breakfast and dinner and wanting to solve the problem of lottery by printing more so that people can buy things cheaply. And when the state gets the money, it will be used to open an opportunity bank for all morning seekers to have access to finance past self-employed people. Online sellers have always been exploited. Therefore, they want to be registered into the state system to be protected. Both basic welfare and take care of claims. When exploited, such as night workers, they may be forced into incest, but they cannot be sued. Because it is not legal or in the case of riders who are now being paid a reduced share without standards or legislation, the party will change to ensure that everyone gets justice. He added that he grew up with these problems that were never solved. From leaving home at the age of 17 until today at the age of 43, he has come up with a policy to answer the question of how to make people find breakfast and dinner. Mr. Panthawat also insisted that entering politics is not to rejuvenate himself because if elected as an MP or a minister, he certainly does not have the power to go beyond the courts. He assured that all the cases involved were not guilty and that he had clarified all questions to the DSI and that playing politics this time was because the people were able to solve the problem fully with skill and brains for the brothers who find breakfast and dinner and are on the side of democracy. Any party that gets a lot of votes from the people is ready to work with if: Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, the prime minister elected by the people, can participate, but the point is that the people will choose. Gen. Prayuth or not, and personally still disagree with the Senators who are appointed and today. As the leader of the party, change confidence. Online campaign guidelines And the team that is working fully to get 3 million votes according to the target or more than intended, because the Change Party has a policy to take care of the people from below so that people who are struggling or who do not have the opportunity to receive better welfare And if the base below is better above, it will be good Therefore, everyone is asked to choose the Change Party No. 20
ACT reaffirms NCPO vote, declares position on anti-cheating policy|Secretary-General of Anti-Corruption Organization Identify poll results reveal anti-corruption policy It has the greatest effect on people's voting decisions. Calling on parties and politicians to announce practical policies amid the campaign atmosphere of political parties. The 2023 election agenda is ongoing and especially active during the Songkran festival because each party is focused on intensifying its field ahead of the May 14 election day. Secretary-General, Anti-Corruption Organization (Thailand) He said that while people were offended by the corruption crisis, political parties remained silent or pretended to speak out against corruption policies to win votes. Although politicians are the top of the pyramid of corruption because they have both the power and influence to defeat cheaters or to rob the nation themselves, the organization and its network partners have joined together to campaign to expand the voice of the people according to the poll results, with 95% saying that the anti-corruption policies of the party and politicians It has the greatest impact on voting decisions. The poll results or "Public Opinion Poll on Anti-Corruption Policies of Political Parties and Politicians in the 2023 Election" are from a collaboration between the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce. The Anti-Corruption Organization (Thailand) and the Foundation for the Thai People prepared and published the results at the beginning of the month. Unlike previous surveys, the survey found that the country's most important problem to solve was corruption, while education ranked third for economic inequality, with 91 percent saying that the political sector must play a clear anti-cheating role and 86.2 percent saying that if the party did not have an anti-cheating policy, it would not choose that party because it was not transparent in the first place. Until now, Most political parties have not yet announced a clear anti-corruption policy. The cause is likely to be corruption, so it is a matter that society is watching. And the days are over with sweet but metaphysical words, such as to run the country transparently, adhere to good governance, have ideology, and maintain integrity for the party that gets votes from the people because it believes in the anti-corruption policy. In the end, whether it is the government or the opposition, it will be followed by the people to ask about it. Do you really do it? However, I believe that if it is done but stuck, the people will support it. vice versa If the people in the party go crooked to rob the nation themselves. The public will be doubly reproachful and will lose their faith in the party and politicians. As many examples, you can study the results of the poll "Public Opinion on Anti-Corruption Policies of Political Parties and Politicians in the 2023 Elections" [click link to read: http://bit.ly/3mym1Km.]  
"Big Tu" confident The NTSB has surpassed 100 MPs. The "Big Fort" established the government.|Gen. Prayuth is confident. The RTSC has surpassed 100 MPs in parliament, warning political parties to make flashy policies to be wary of the magnitude of damage that will follow. Answer "The President." Play 2 pages announcing not to shake hands for Thailand - a step forward Get talk of "Big Fort", but it is general, there is no talk of forming a government.

Today (11 Apr 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister As chairman of the guideline and strategy committee of the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTTC), he did not confirm whether he would participate in the political party's dbet forum. The RTSC said it had followed up and saw that it was okay and asked people in the party to join the stage with modesty. Do not quarrel with anyone, whose policy is not to go with other parties. Whether you know it or not, read more news. SAT prints 57 million ballots - 2 still untapped Gen Prayuth said the response from the RTTC is still good. As for the election campaign in the final stretch. Strategies are already in place. Every day is a strategy. What should we do to be careful, to take advantage of the interests of the people and the nation, how to not be affected by doing something new? If you make a new one, the old one won't get it at all. Personally, I don't want to argue with anyone. Please use good judgment and trust Mr. Peerapan Salirathvipak. The head of the RTTC party, if everyone wants something flashy, they don't know what to do, but they have to be careful to cause large damage that will follow, reporters reported that during the press conference, a man shouted outside the Government House and spoke about the prime minister. The Prime Minister said that Phaiboon Nititawan, deputy leader of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP), has refused to form a government with the Pheu Thai Party and the Progressive Party, and does not see whether the Power Pracharath Party is playing a two-page role in politics or not. Just look at what the government can do for the people. in the future and do not burden others. After the press conference, the Prime Minister got his signature on the letter above the clouds. In the meantime, he answered a question that asked, "Do you think the Pheu Thai Party will get 310 votes?" If the distribution of cryptocurrencies is not fined 500,000,000 
"Watchara" hijacks the Prime Minister, adjusts military regulations, orders an investigation into the case of demanding money under the table|"Watchara" hijacks Prime Minister to speed up the selection of conscripts Set up exams for all armies. Calling money under the table to avoid military service, proposing to use strong drugs, the PPP examined the financial route today (April 11, 2023) Mr. Watchara Petthong, a former MP of the Democratic Party, submitted a letter through Pansak Charoen, a mass expert. Office of the Permanent Secretary, Office of the Prime Minister to Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister asked for the revision of the recruitment criteria and the establishment of a committee to investigate the facts of all armies as to whether they were called 35,000-40,000 baht each to avoid enlisting in the army. To confirm that his son is indeed a bedridden patient because he must follow the protocol that happened. The Prime Minister should instruct him to resolve the issue as soon as possible, namely, to be appropriate to the current situation, in addition, to check whether 35,000-40,000 baht per person is paid to avoid enlisting in various ways, and whether there is a control system in place to prevent corruption and claim benefits to preserve justice for the children of Thai people across the country. How will the army commander be responsible? He also asked the Anti-Money Laundering Office to be instructed. Complete a review of the financial trail of soldiers responsible for recruiting recruits nationwide within 15 days.
Expected this evening, "Mo Chit" crowded, the NHC returned to many hometowns. |Bangkok Chatuchak Mochit Bus Terminal 2 prepares for people's return to their hometowns during Songkran and expects today to be another busy day. Especially in the evening, it is especially crowded. Today (11 Apr 2023) Reporter Report The atmosphere at Bangkok Chatuchak Bus Terminal (Mo Chit 2) Before the Songkran Festival on the 1st floor of the building, Mo Chit Bus Terminal is bustling, but it is not crowded because it is not yet a long weekend and some people still have to work for another day. Since the morning until now, more than 30,000 people have traveled, most of them short buses up to 300 km, and the number of passengers is expected to increase by about 20% more than in 2022. During 11 - 12 April 2023, the number of passengers using the service at all 5 Bangkok Bus Terminals will increase, with an average of 60,000 passengers using buses per day. In addition, non-commuter buses (registration number 30) have been prepared to supplement the routes of about 700 buses, capable of accommodating up to 100,000 passengers per day. 
"Gen. Prawit" Open to the media to water their heads on the occasion of Songkran Day. | "Gen. Prawit" wishes Thai New Year Open to the media to water their heads on Songkran Day, thank you for working together. Today (11 Apr 2023) At 4.00 p.m. at the Power Pracharath Party. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister and the head of the Power Pracharath Party gave the media an opportunity to water their wishes for the Songkran Festival 2023 as per Thai tradition before the start of the party executive committee meeting. Mr. Santi Prompat, Deputy Finance Minister, General Secretary of the Party Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn DES Minister, Deputy Party Leader Mr. Sakonthee Pattiyakul Bangkok Team LeaderMr. Paiboon Nititawan, Deputy Party Leader Mrs. Narumon Pinyosinwat, Treasurer of the Power Pracharath Party Mr. Warathep Rattanakorn, Policy Committee and Administration of the Power Pracharat Party, Mr. Sonthirat Sonthijirawong, Executive Director of the Party, etc., attended by the media who work in the party. Amid a warm and cheerful atmosphere with a bright expression and a friendly smile, Gen. Prawit gave his blessing to all the media. Have strong physical health, live a long life, travel safely, money pours in, and experience success. Happy New Year Thailand and thank everyone for their hard work. All in all. Gen. Prawit also said with humor that he wished to elect the Pracharath Power Party No. 37 everyone.Gen. Prawit also sent his best wishes to the people on their way home during Songkran Festival 2022, saying that they wish their brothers and sisters a safe and disease-free return home. Wishing you a happy New Year.
The battle for the chair in 3 districts, the MP of Phatthalung "small field" but boiling fire|Naris Khamnurak, Deputy Interior Minister and former MP for Phatthalung in the line of "Niphon Bunyamani", the deputy leader of the Democratic Party, this time Naris chose the list of MPs on the list at 98, which is too far to return to serve as an MP in the Phatthalung Assembly. MPs on behalf of the party to retain their seats and base that the 2019 election was phenomenal. When the Democratic Party lost its seat to the Proud Thai Party in 2 districts, while "Supacharee Thampetch" Ban Yai Thampetch Failing in District 1 and Nipit Intarasombat Failed the exam in District 2 and survived "Naris Khamnurak" in District 3 alone this time. Proud Thai Party under the leadership of "Jeh Pia" Min Ratchakitprakan The party's southern commander, whose base is in Phatthalung province, sent "Phuchong Woras" to District 1 to fight "Supacharee Thampetch" from the Democratic Party, who is looking to reclaim the area. An aspiring new politician from the Power Pracharath Party is the seat of District 2, which is an area that needs special attention "Chalong Thodweerapong", which last time was able to defeat Nipit Intarasombat, a former 8-time MP of the Democratic Party, but soon served and was placed out of politics for allegedly violating serious ethical standards. In the case of inserting the card interchangeably during the consideration of the draft Budget Act for the fiscal year 2020, this time he sent "Worat Thodweerapong" or "Permanent Secretary Porcupine". His son ran for district congressman instead. The old landlord waved goodbye to the Democrat to join the Power Pracharath Party, staying with "Uncle Pom", Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan, in charge of the southern region with the name on the 18th party list. When the house is big "Thampetch" sends "Nitisak Thampetch" Son of Visut Thampetch Phatthalung Provincial Governor and Deputy Leader of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party came to contest with the 3rd constituency. Mr. Naris' youngest son wins the chair with "Prathueng Montri" Brother of "Min Ratchakitprakan" from Proud Thai camp and Pracharath power camp sent "Wattana Ruangkaew" to challenge even though it is a small field. Only three constituencies, but processed, boiled as well as the big field.
"Chai Kasem" recovers at home and is expected to return to help the party in the run-up to the election.|Chai Kasem, Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidate, has returned home to recover. Doctors administer medication to dissolve the blood clot without surgery. He is expected to return to help the party in the run-up to the election on April 11, 2023. Reporters reported that after Mr. Chaikasem Nitisiri Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister and Pheu Thai Party Political Strategy and Direction Chairman was admitted to Siriraj Hospital on April 9 after finding 2 large dried blood clots on the left side to press on the nerves involved in the memory causing drowsiness. Another lump on the right side of the left hemisphere of the brain is a small lump that touched the postural nerve, Mr. Chaikasem has recently returned to his private residence for treatment. The doctor used medication to break up the dried blood clot without surgery, but asked Mr. Chaikasem to take some time to recover to get better. It is expected to resume activities with the Pheu Thai Party in the run-up to election day. Read related news Urgent! Chai Kasem sent to the hospital to find a dried blood clot in his brain. 
"Pyramids" Targeting MPs' numbers - still not thinking about capturing political polarization|"Pyramids" Rounding up the number of MPs I'm going to get will do as much as I can. Pointing out that the RTTC does not issue extreme policies, pointing out that it may affect the country. Confirming that he is not yet thinking of capturing political polarization today (April 12, 2023) After paying homage to Brahma at Government House for the auspicious Songkran Thai New Year. Prime Minister's Secretary-General and leader of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO), Peeraphan Salirathviphak, said that the campaign of Prime Minister Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, the party's prime minister candidate, and the D-Bet forum that Gen. Prayuth will make his own decision. stated that he still believes that the popularity of the party The NTSB is still good.  Personally, there is no set number of MPs expected to be But insist on doing it. Most MPs. The policy of that party. Gen. Prayuth set the guidelines. Policies must be accountable to the country. It's not just about getting the votes of party leaders. The RTTC said Gen Prayuth had given the party guidelines on how to formulate policies. It must be taken into account that it does not affect fiscal discipline, nor does it affect the budget. If possible, it will try to maintain the budget. More importantly, do not compromise economic security when asked if digital cards may go to cancellation. State welfare card, or require the cardholder to choose one or the other. Mr. Peerapan said that people must consider not all because there are gains and losses, not everything can be used, but whether it is really important or not, and whether this pattern affects the state of international confidence, such as the baht must be considered depending on the party. Not criticizing, Mr. Peerapan said that he was not worried about the campaign. Insist on fulfilling your duties. The part that used to talk about haters to leave the country insisted that what they said meant it. Because everyone's mindset is different. When asked about the Pheu Thai Party's popularity poll for prime ministerial candidate being the highest and Gen Prayuth's popularity still second, he said: Mr. Peerapan Indicate that it's okay. I personally work in politics casually, it all depends on the people. He said he did not think about polarizing politics to form a government. For political parties to work together, they must have the same principles and ideologies "the nation, the religion, the king, and the interests of the people." 
"Madame Deer" cites "YOUNGOHM" as an example of success. State bolsters entertainment industry|"Madame Deer" cites "YOUNGOHM" as an example of success. The government is encouraging exports of the entertainment industry, not just waiting for success claims. Thailand's Ten Billion Billion Ideas Fund for Soft Power today (12 April 2023) Ms. Watanya Bunnag, chairman of the Bangkok Political Innovation Working Group, shared a post by YOUNGOHM, an artist who has gone viral online, about the success of this song that she invested 1,200,000 baht in her personal money is still so popular. "Dear Watanya Bunnag" who shared this post reads as follows: "Thai people are not beaten by any nation in the world!!! In addition to losing to each other, tired of having to sit and watch talented people push themselves to fame and finally claim that it is the pride of the nation throughout the past period of the Thai entertainment industry has never been looked at by the government. Dear is confident that the talent and creativity of Thai people are second to none and how ???good it would be if one day the state would turn to support the Thai entertainment industry. To export the culture of dressing, eating, drinking, traveling of Thai people, earn money. All these ideas are the position of #กองทุนไอเดียหมื่นล้าน #โอกาสที่ทุกคนเท่ากัน Pushing Soft Power Thailand through the Entertainment Industry With 1. Funding, 2.Knowledge, 3.Empowering people in the industry to boost the Thai entertainment industry to grow leaps and bounds. Successfully compete with other countries.
"Chuan" worried about corruption epidemic, pointing to the era of "cheating against the Constitution"|"Chuan" worried about corruption epidemic pointing to the era of "cheating against the Constitution" and not "Constitution against cheating" Won Phetchaburi residents to promote honest politicians today (12 Apr 2023) Mr. Chuan Leekpai, former leader of the Democratic Party and former prime minister, campaigned in Phetchaburi province by pouring water on the occasion of Songkran festival at Wat Mahathat Worawihan and receiving blessings from Phra Kruwateeworawat. The abbot then greeted the people and boarded the campaign float along with Mr. Alongkorn Polbut, candidate for District 1, Mr. Apichart Supapang, candidate for District 3, Mr. Attaporn Polbut, candidate. MPs from the Democratic Party roster roamed the Phetchaburi municipal market and welcomed the delivery of flowers, fruit garlands, rice soaked and sweets to support the entire route. The first term, along with Mr. Alongkorn Polbut, was elected as the Phetchaburi MP. The Democratic Party for the first time promoted Phetchaburi province as a special investment promotion zone in District 3, resulting in a lot of investment and job creation in Phetchaburi province as well as the construction of a bridge across the mouth of Bang Tabun Bay. The Klong Khon-Cha-am road is beneficial for travel and coastal tourism. Phetchaburi In addition, millions of Thai children have been helped to have educational opportunities with the Student Loan Fund initiated by the Democratic Party government, including more than 30,000 children of Phetchaburi. Although previously people said that this Constitution is a "cheating constitution", but it is actually an era of "cheating against the constitution" in which people can solve corruption problems by supporting honest and honest politicians, so they are asked to help elect Alongkorn Polbutr in District 1 - Kampol Supapang in District 2 - Apichart Supapang in District 3 No. 7, former Phetchaburi MP in all 3 districts and Democrat No. 26
"Dharmanas" Claims have ex-military, used influence to help District 3 candidates.|"Thammanat" boils down to claim the big house of J. L. Phayao, including the heads of famous former non-official military officers. Screaming at local leaders. Use armed military force to intimidate candidates into helping their candidates. Constituency No. 3 today(12 At 10.30 a.m., R. Thammanat Prompapa, Phayao MP candidate of the Power Pracharath Party and chairman of the Northern Election Strategy Facebook post He said that after I spent my time giving speeches to help candidates in several provinces in a row. Starting from the southernmost border of Siam at Sungai Kolok District. Narathiwat province back to the northernmost places Chiang Rai, Chiang Mai, Phichit, Kamphaeng Phet, Lampang, Phrae, Sukhothai, Tak, Samut Sakhon, Pathum Thani and Nakhon Pathom. Said it was heading north yesterday. I made an appointment with my ethnic brothers and sisters at Ajiko Village. Si Thoi Mae Suai District, Chiang Rai Province, but I couldn't go because I had a hot headache and had to go to the doctor at the hospital immediately. The doctor gave me 5 days rest because my body was weak and overdone for several days, I intend to turn off my mobile phone to rest according to the doctor's advice", but I can't rest anymore because there are leaders all over the local area from the Commissioner of Police, Mr. Kamnan, the chief of the house (in District 3) waiting to meet at the leaders' house, worried about their safety after being called into the main house. L. District Attorney Pong Phayao, who is the older sister of a candidate for Phayao District 3 of a party who is now acting as an influential figure, a local leader, told me that when he reached Ban Che L, there was almost 1 platoon of soldiers carrying weapons (shotguns) under Seth's control. (Seth's henchman. And threatened to deal with the leader decisively if he did not help the candidate, he would start an operation by using military forces to search the homes of all leaders who disagreed." I graduated from the Royal Thai Military Academy. I've been through a lot. Brothers and sisters, don't throw away your future as a man in Phayao. The military brothers and sisters came into my hometown and threatened my Phayao brothers and sisters. I think it's too much. I will not let you do this again, so brothers and sisters, hurry back to the regiment and order an urgent bite. Before his future in government service is over. I have all your names and affiliations, and today I have instructed the People's Front to gather evidence so that I can make a report to your superiors.
 "Future Change Party", a new political freshman to claim the rights of people with disabilities|Opening the mind "Akarnan Ariyasripong" Leader of the Future Change Party No. 65, a new political newcomer to claim the rights of people with disabilities, hoping to change 3 things for Thai society Reinstate persons with disabilities, build community enterprises, and solve poverty Asst.Prof.Dr.Akarnan Ariyasripong The leader of the party changed the future. Just a month before the opening of the 2023 elections, which the party applied for almost the last day (April 7) and got the party number 65, he said that before doing politics, he used to do various businesses such as EVs, building inspections, but the turning point of deciding to form a political party was two things. The study found that 2,102,384 people with disabilities did not have access to their rights when the idea crystallized. Asst. Prof. Dr. Akarnan then set up the Change the Future Party with 5,000 members and one of the partylist MPs in Rayong and Nonthaburi provinces who will be the voice of the disabled with the slogan "Reclaim the rights of PWDs". Change community enterprises, 1,000,000 baht per chun enterprise fund and solve debt until the party leader changes the future. The first change is to change the lives of families with disabilities to have full access to the rights of people with disabilities. The reason is because indeed many disability rights if given a disability card. Right to medical care, social security, allowance Due to public relations, even making a disability card is difficult to access, the second change policy aims to find a community enterprise fund of 100,000 baht per fund to invest in various communities because some communities are skilled but lack of funding, have to borrow money outside the system to invest, and make weak communities not stronger. He questioned what more addicts and people owe money now. The answer is that people owe more, so if they can't get people into debt, they'll be addicted to fewer drugs. The reason people are addicted to drugs is because they are stressed and unable to sleep, but solving debts makes them not suffer. 20 percent per month party leader changes the future Accepted as a small party just constructed before the election. I have been registered for only 1 month, so I would like to ask for votes from families with disabilities to use their rights to help promote people with disabilities and help solve debts for the Future Change Party. There are 22 candidates for the 6th District in Wang Thongluang in Wang Thongluang, District 14, 15, 22 in Surat Thani Province, District 5, Number 12 and District 4, District 14, Nakhon Sawan District 12, District 5, Bangkok, Bang Sue District 13, District 7, Khon Kaen Province, District 5 and District 15. Expected to return to help the party in the run-up to the election, "Madame Deer" cites "YOUNGOHM" as an example of success. State urges entertainment industry to "invite" to worry about corruption outbreak, pointing to the era of "cheating against the Constitution"
Analysis: The incident occurred on the stage of DBATE Korat - Pattaya.|The Debate Forum or showing the vision of representatives of political parties that are frequently held in Bangkok and other provinces is positive for people to know the guidelines or positions in each political party's matters. It is also considered a communal contract that the political party Confirm with the people through the representatives of the party who attend the forum or the platform to express the vision of the representatives of political parties. It's a random forum for black-faced debate. From representatives of participating politicians Just hope that people will think or believe the way they think and must refute others who participate in the DBET stage, especially political parties and politicians who are rivals to the point of getting up and confronting them. Snatch each other's arms at Mr. Seksakol Atthawong. Leader of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party He was recently appointed as the deputy leader of the D-Bet Party, Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thao Suranari Monument Square. In front of Ya Mo, whom Korat people respect the faith, is just one of the latest examples that have emerged from the Debate stage, with supporters and cursing squads stirring up encouragement because different sides already have different positions. One party came on behalf of the terrorists, while the other They had to respond to allegations that the Red Shirts were tricked into protesting. When did this talk happen? The band broke up, and then the two of them had a lot of trouble. They stinked in the way before. Mr. Seksakorn and Mr. Prasert Chanthawongthong were both former Nakhon Ratchasima MPs affiliated with the Thai Rak Thai Party since 2001. Mr. Seksakol, who is also the executive director of the Thai Rak Thai Party, will be disqualified from politics for 5 years due to the dissolution of the Thai Rak Thai Party. When acquitted, he returned to the Pheu Thai Party before moving across poles to the Power Pracharath Party, leading the 2019 elections, while Mr. Prasert remained loyal to the Thai Rak Thai Party. The People's Power Party and Pheu Thai Party became the party's general secretary in 2018 in this election. Pheu Thai Party also got "Kamnanpo" Mr. Weerasak Wangsupakitkosol Billions of flour Iam Heng, a former deputy minister of two ministries, is from the Proud Thai Party. Strengthened later when "Sia Po" sent his heir to run for MP himself and he turned himself into the political arena full-time. Before the 2019 election, Mr. Seksakorn had complained to the Nakhon Ratchasima Commission accusing the MP candidate from a rival party. Use MCU to winch to get ID cards from locals. Claiming to make a poor man's card that was dropped became a buzz in the media at that time. Even though Mr. Seksakol is not clearly named. But it is well known who that means. Which party is Pheu Thai Party a contender in the Nakhon Ratchasima election field? As "Teng Ja", he will be the "champion" of more MPs than any other party. Mr. Seksakorn used to stage a big speech for Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha to give a speech. At the end of February 2023, claiming that people would attend the hearing, including preparing 50,000 seats, but the actual time was not as bang as discussed, at the Debate stage at Pattaya City Hall, Chonburi province on April 8, 2023, there was a boiling list. When Mr. Suchart Chomsmell Representatives from the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party stood up and tried to respond and pointed fingers at Mr. Thanathorn Rungruangkit's face. As a representative of the Progressive Party, he repeatedly alluded to the coup d'état that undermined democracy in Thailand and claimed that there was a group of politicians who were committed to serving the dictatorship. Especially when it comes to reforming and reducing the size of the military. Abolished military service, while the party that raised "Big Tu" as prime minister was devalued by the far-right party as the military party of Chamlang.2 The events on the Debate stage reflect political implications on different sides. Mixed or incompatible, the chances of political handshake are difficult. Ghost type does not burn, shadow does not tread. The argument isn't over. When politicians are not finished arguing, how can people get out of conflict thanks to the news image: NATION.TV Analysis: Prajak Mawongsa Read other news "Setha" leans ready to clarify "digital wallet" every day, believing that it is talked about because it resonates with "JST". Yan did not hack the data of 55 million Thai names, but bought them from the dark web "Aee" hidden sachets of electrolyte-collagen drinks sold through social media.
"Setha" leans ready to clarify "digital wallet" every day, believing that it is talked about because it resonates with you.|"Settha" reiterated that he is not afraid to criticize the 10,000 baht digital wallet policy, ready to clarify every day, even with 200 billion left, it can move forward without interruption. Mr. Settha Thaveesin Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidate continues to insist that the 10,000 baht digital top-up policy is practical and resonates with the people. There is no problem with the fiscal status of the country because the Pheu Thai Party's economic team has thought carefully about it, but if you want to compare this policy with other political parties, it would not be their own way if you study the policy, you will find that some political parties spend quite a lot of money, for example, in the case of paying 700 baht per month to more than 20 million eligible people, the budget has already spent more than 800 billion baht. After the people have been in trouble for a long time, Mr. Setha He stated that as the Prime Minister candidate of the Pheu Thai Party, he has a duty to meet the people and distribute the policy to the people and receive opinions to be adjusted to meet the needs of the people. Confident that all legal policies will be able to clarify with the SAT and once it becomes the government. It will be possible to move forward the policy without hindrance and will be in time for the announcement that it will start as soon as the beginning of 2024, but it will depend on the announcement of the endorsement of MPs as well as how quickly the process will be taken by the country's fiscal authorities. Worried about the 2024 annual expenditure budget, the remaining 200 billion baht may not be enough to implement that populist policy. Confirming that the Pheu Thai Party can raise money to fill it up. Under the same taxation rate. Both VAT and personal tax, which the economic team has already thought about how to finance the budget and does not affect the value of the baht. However, it is believed that many parties have come out to criticize this policy, perhaps because it is a policy that resonates with the people, has received a lot of attention from the people, and other parties may be worried that Pheu Thai issued this policy. If the attack continues, they are not worried and are confident that it will not affect public confidence. If people ask every day, they will answer every day, while the SAT reminds the Pheu Thai Party to clarify the details of this policy. Settha said the SAT was aiming to convict the Pheu Thai Party, but the SAT did its duty and the party was ready to respect the duties of independent organizations.
SAT reveals 2.3 million early voter registrations |The SAT summed up the number of people who registered to vote in advance on May 7, 2023. Outside the constituency Outside the Kingdom 2,350,969 registered users today (12 April 2023) Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Summary of the number of people who registered to vote before Election Day Registration is open from March 25, 2023 until April 9, 2023. The number of people who requested to register to vote before Election Day was premature. A total of 2,350,969 people classified their pre-election registration (as of 10 April 2023, 8.30 p.m.) 1. Voter registration outside the constituency 2,216,950 persons - Internet registration 2,156,578 persons - Registration at the district registrar office or local registrar office 60,372 persons 2. 18,880 people registered to vote in their constituencies-18,880 registered at the district or local registrar office3. Voter registration outside the kingdom 115,139 people - Internet registration 109,442 people - 5,697 people registered at the district or local registrar office   
"Yingluck" Happy New Year City - Worried about dust problems making people play in Songkran water less  |Yingluck Happy Thai New Year reveals concern about PM2.5 dust situation affecting public health People may not come out to swim during Songkran Festival as they used to today (April 12, 2023). Miss Yingluck Shinawatra, former Prime Minister Facebook post Worried about PM2.5 dust situation affecting public health People may not come out to swim during the Songkran festival as usual, and wish people a safe return home. Tomorrow is the start of Songkran. Normally, every year in Thailand must return to Chiang Mai to celebrate. Unfortunately, poor air quality is a health hazard. Many people may not come out to swim as they used to, I would like to see the North return to good weather. We need a visionary government. Be serious about solving problems, negotiate with neighbors, push for necessary laws to be enforced quickly to eliminate PM2.5 and restore clean air to Thai brothers and sisters who return home during Songkran Festival. I wish you a safe journey, spend time with your family and loved ones, and don't forget to take care of your health." This person is always looking for a new year in your country.
"Seri Ruam Thai" campaign "Mo Chit" to wish people safe travel|"Napaporn", deputy leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, visited Mo Chit Bus Terminal 2 to bless people traveling upcountry during Songkran Festival today (April 12, 2023). Miss NAPAPORN PECHCHINDA Deputy leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party visited Mo Chit Bus Terminal 2 to wish people traveling upcountry during Songkran Festival and inspect the order of vehicles and drivers of transport companies limited and private tour bus companies. Bus and van Ms. Napaporn said that she used to work as the Transport Authority, so she came to inspect the order of public transport and compiled it for information in the next work. Thank you to all parties for their cooperation in preventing accidents during Songkran Festival when transportation will be congested throughout the country. Wishing Thai people happiness, safety, and adherence to democracy, Ms. Napaporn said the party also has quality people such as Mr. Mangkon, who is a former MP and former prime minister. Roi Et came to apply to be a list MP and help take care of the Northeast region so that the party has MPs in many Northeast areas, confident that Mr. Mangkon will definitely help the party to move forward with its goals. Party leaders and candidates MPs found that the party's popularity in the areas where the party introduced itself has improved many times over four years ago because the public sees the work of the party leader and the party, despite being the opposition, has been praised by the people for their hard work. It can punish people who break the law a lot, the country needs a lot of good, quality and honest people like the leader of the party. He replied that he was grateful and asked to support the candidate. Because the party has already selected the right person to work for the people in the next four years, the deputy leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party also said that he is confident that the party will More MPs than 30 days remaining. The party will go to areas across the country to get 25 or more MPs to nominate the party leader as prime minister in order to implement 14 party policies to create happiness for the people. Thais are asked to remember the number 25 and vote on the ballot for that district system. Please remember the ID number of the candidate of the Seri Ruam Thai Party because the numbers do not match in 400 districts, but please remember and vote for the 2 ballots for the Seri Ruam Thai Party. However, there were many political controversy. He advises all parties to stay focused. Creative Campaigns and Debates Do not use harsh words because it will create an atmosphere that is not conducive to democracy and elections, the policies of each party believe that the party leaders analyze carefully and then propose it to the people for consideration and judgment. Therefore, I implore politicians that it is best to create a good atmosphere between now and election day.  
"Somchai" Question: Is it appropriate for the SEC to fly to see the election work outside the city?|"Somchai", the chief policy strategist of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, questioned the case of the 6 MPs who went to see the election work abroad at the same time. During April 4-14, 2023, whether it is appropriate and at the right place at the right time?  Today (12 Apr 2023) Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn, Chairman of Seri Ruam Thai Party's Policy Strategy and former Election Commissioner Facebook post Questioning the 6 SEC candidates' trip abroad together between 4-14 April 2023. Is the foreign work of the SAT in the right place at the right time? Every time there's an election, The SEC will set a portion of the budget for the Board of Directors. For examination. Follow up on the holding of elections outside the said budget. Set it on two legs, the office. part of the SEC and set aside it at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Therefore, it may not be clear how much the total expenditure is. It's important. If chosen for the right reasons, it should be chosen for countries with a large number of Thai people and expect to have problems in exercising their rights, such as Taiwan, South Korea, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Malaysia or other Middle Eastern countries, and should go during the exercise period to see the problems that arise so that there are at least half of the SAT left in the country. In case of problems, it must be diagnosed. There will be at least a legal commissioner in case the 6 SEC members travel abroad together between April 4 and 14, 2023, choosing Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, Switzerland, South Africa, and the United States. He also answered questions that it has helped Thai people abroad to access elections better, such as requesting more postal elections. If it is not useful, it deserves to be criticized by society.  
"Himalayan Seth" The case of "Dhammanus" Claims of ex-military officers threatening local leaders|"Himalayan Seth" Confirmed irrelevant to the case of R.A. Thammanat. Claims of ex-military officer threatening Kamnan chief not to help PDP candidate District 3 says the party trend is quite good right now, there is no need to do anything like that today (April 12, 2023). Mr. Himalayan Skinphan, coordinator of the National Uniting Thai Building Party (RTTC), said in an interview that in the case of R. Thammanat Prompapa, the candidate Phayao MP and Chairman of Northern Election Strategy Power Pracharath Party A personal Facebook post saying there were soldiers with subordinates. A prominent non-official sergeant threatened a local executive in Phayao province and warned the group of soldiers to leave the area, denying that he did not know who Thammanat was referring to, but he was not involved. On April 11, he went to Chiang Rai province to prepare to help the candidate campaign and met with Mr. Pairoj Tanbanjong, the candidate. He then traveled to D-Bet until 11.00 p.m. and sat down with the MP candidate about planning his campaign and returned to Chiang Rai province to sleep, so he did not have time to do anything like that, Mr. Himalayan added that on April 11, he received a line message from Thammanat stating that he denied that he had never done it and informed him that if that happened, he should go to the police because he did not intend to do anything like that anyway. Although there have been people who have used this method before. 
"Siripong" thanks the Administrative Court Judge wins the case against the Green Line|"Siripong", Proud Thai MP, thanked the Administrative Court for winning the case. The Green Line is proof of that. The work of the Proud Thai Party Preserve the interests of the people and be the norm in other cases today (12 April 2023). Mr. Siripong Angkasakulkiat Applicant Sisaket MP Proud Thai Party said: In case the Administrative Court revokes the Bangkok Notification Regarding the fare schedule for the Green Line project of 65 baht throughout the line, the Proud Thai Party MPs consist of: Himself and Miss Supamas Isornphakdi List of Congressional candidates, County Commissioner Phokhai applicant Bangkok MP, Mr. Chotiphipat Techasophonmanee, Bangkok MP candidate, Mr. Phitsanu Abdullah Pathum Thani MP candidate, and Mr. Anavil Rattanasathaporn The Pathum Thani MP candidate who filed the complaint said that he would like to thank the court for giving mercy to the people, especially those who travel via the skytrain. Today should prove to society that the Proud Thai Party has been fighting. Not wasted, Mr. Siripong also said that about the Green Line, no matter where people come to use the service. He has the right to demand and reflect. Despite being a Sisaket MP, in reality Many Sisaket people come to live in Bangkok. Other provincial people, he has used many different public services, it is normal for anyone to speak. Proud Thai Party MPs have been asked to ask representatives of the public sector to request that they be innocent to the villagers, and this ruling is the norm for the Constitutional Court or other organizations. Keep looking at whether to raise fares is against the law. This cannot be done. 
"Charupol", the Prime Minister's candidacy "for the nation", holds 5 main policy lines Pull votes | "Jarupol Ruangsuwan" Candidate of the Prime Minister of the National Party" Chu 5 main policies Emphasis on Education, Economic Development - Public Health Aiming Push Rider Act hopes to reduce inequality in society today (13 April 2023) Mr. Jarupol Ruangsuwan Pheu National Party Prime Minister candidate said that the key policy will help attract people's attention and pour their votes for Pheu National Party by putting its position first because the party's position is the most important thing. The siblings' opportunities disappeared. This is the position and heart of the National Party to reduce inequality and create equality in all areas in all dimensions. Therefore, the policy to reduce inequality is 5 pillars: The first pillar is education, how to make Thai people equal in education anytime, anywhere, free of charge, and the second pillar is the Green Revolution. We took industry to bring agriculture even though we as an agricultural country could produce our own food. The National Party will change "agriculture to lead the economy", farmers will not be second-class citizens, they must be honorable. Earn good income through Agriculture Plus Policy, Seed Bank, etc. If the Pheu Chat Party were the government, what we would be is that we will be salesmen for Thai products by combining power from all sectors, the 4th pillar is the Rider policy. Rider Act to provide protection. This will protect both riders and entrepreneurs as well as users of the 5th pillar service. Public Health The Pheu Chart Party announced that when Thailand faces an emerging disease in the future, Thais must be vaccinated along with other countries.This is the main thing that the Pheu Chart Party wants to do its main public health policy, which is what is called preventive medicine. Therefore, the main policy of the Pheu Chat Party is how to ensure that Thai people do not get sick, such as the policy of free health check-ups for all Thais. On April 23. The Pheu Chat Party will give a big speech at Fang district, Chiang Mai province, the 26th at Met Phra district, Tak province, and the 28th in Sukhothai province. 
SAT reiterates precautions for "campaigning" during Songkran Violations punishable by dissolution of the party.|The SAT emphasizes "political parties-MPs candidates" Precautions Election campaign during Songkran festival violated the penalty of dissolution of the party.
Today (13 Apr 2023) Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Emphasis on the 2023 MP election campaign regarding the Songkran Festival election campaign Care must be taken not to commit illegal acts in accordance with The Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of MPs B.E. 2561 and the Election Commission Regulation on Campaign Methods and Prohibited Characteristics in the Election of MPs B.E. 2561. Practices and prohibitions on campaigning of candidates, MPs, political parties, including holders of political offices and government agencies must be strictly followed. Violators may face fines or imprisonment, revocation of voting rights, and dissolution of political parties for prohibitions that violate election laws during the Songkran Festival, such as arranging, proposing, promising to give or arranging to give property or any other benefit which may be calculated as money to any person, including offering or promising to give money. Property or any other benefit, whether directly or indirectly, to communities, associations, foundations, temples, educational institutions. Shelters or other institutions throughout the campaign advertising by organizing festivals or festivities and catering or catering to any person. Candidates and political parties must be especially careful, including government officials, not to use their positions as punishment for political candidates or parties, as the use of their positions may involve political impartiality with relevant news. Question: Is it appropriate for the SAT to fly to see the election work outside the city?The SAT revealed that 2.3 million people registered to vote in advance, the SAT printed 57 million ballots - 2 ballots were not tapped.
SAT Jang bin to see overseas election work It does not affect the plan.|SAT clarifies abroad View overseas elections Confirm that it does not affect the implementation of the election plan, revealing that every time there is an election outside the Kingdom to listen to problems and obstacles. Elections will be taken into consideration today (April 13, 2023). Reporters reported that the Office of the SAT issued a press release clarifying the case of 6 SAT trips to monitor election work outside the Kingdom. He said the trip was in accordance with the overseas election preparation and monitoring program. In the election of MPs, which is held every time an MP is elected outside the Kingdom, to monitor the preparation, listen to the conditions of the problem, and administer the election in each country with different restrictions according to the internal laws of that country. Geography This will be used as information to facilitate voters or to amend the law. Regulation to be more efficient Before running the office The SAT has been in consultation with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. How to make the election of voters living abroad They can exercise their right to vote in accordance with the spirit of the Constitution and achieve as many objectives as possible, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs subsequently issued an invitation letter to the Election Commission. Travel to participate in the overseas election preparation and monitoring project of embassies and consulates in various countries, which the SEC considers to be beneficial for the development of the overseas election management system in the future. Therefore, the appropriate moment was considered. It shall not affect the work according to the action plan already defined, including travel during a period of time that will not burden the arrangement of overseas elections of embassies or consulates in foreign countries. Therefore, the travel period is scheduled to take place between April 4-24, 2023, with each route not traveling at the same time. Only 4-5 officers and officers involved as necessary. The SEC has already formulated an election action plan for the Office of the Election Commission and its supporters. However, even if traveling abroad, regular Election Commission meetings can be scheduled via electronic media, and if there is an urgent matter, the meeting may be scheduled in addition to the usual meeting. As a result, the petition for the 10,000 baht digital money policy and the extension of the pre-election registration period cannot be considered. Please note that such observations are still inaccurate from reality. 1. In the case of a 10,000 baht digital money campaign policy petition, it is a petition that there is an offense under the law related to elections and political parties. When a petitioner is filed, the Office of the Election Commission reports to The SEC is aware of the preliminary investigation and has followed the procedures of the Election Commission Regulation on Investigation. The 2018 Inquiry and Arbitration Act and its amendments are scheduled before being submitted to the Election Commission for further consideration. This must follow a defined timeframe and procedure. In addition, there are currently only 6 political parties reporting on the policy used to campaign under Section 57 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on Political Parties B.E. 2560 (2017), out of a total of 70 political parties running candidates, or some political parties are still in the process of submitting additional documents, so it cannot be considered.2. Extension of early voter registration In the event of a problem, some registrants will not be able to register between 21.00 a.m. and 12.00 a.m. on April 9, 2023 due to the limitations of the system that has the potential to accommodate only 5,000 simultaneous registrations per second. The Office of the Election Commission has been informed to the Election Commission since the incident and continuously and has coordinated with the Office of Registration Management to find solutions to the problem. It was concluded that during this period, the system was able to record the information of those who wish to register but show that the registration was unsuccessful. The system can extract information from those who wish to register and form a list of almost all registered voters in advance. Therefore, the Office of the Election Commission found that there was no need to extend the registration period and reported it to the Election Commission.
"Pokin" Looking to give away 10,000 baht in digital money It does not create economic sustainability. |"Pokin", the deputy chief strategist driving the Thai Build Thailand Party, sees the policy of giving away 10,000 baht of digital money to not create economic sustainability, "Thai Build Thai" would like to systematically take care of Thai people of all ages today (13 April 2023). Mr. Pokin Polkul The chairman of the Thai Sang Thai Party's national strategy made a press conference by mentioning that the Pheu Thai Party has a policy to distribute 10,000 baht of digital money through wallets, questioning whether the policy of giving out money is correct, which should be done at a limited level in order to stimulate internal consumption and stiffness. Early on, because it did not produce any yield, money, QE or monetary policy that broke the traditional policy rules. As for cryptocurrencies, worth millions of dollars, there has been inflation that the Fed (The Federal Reserve) has had to raise interest rates since 2022 until worries about a recession crisis and anti-domination of the USD. Give to the poor around the world, especially during Covid 19 in various ways. But back to the rich, the Thai Sang Thai Party saw how the Constitution and related laws stipulate people's right to a good life. In the womb Article 48 The rights of mothers before and after Article 54 The State shall provide all children with 12 years of free education from preschool to compulsory education with quality. In paragraph 2, young children are cared for and developed before entering education. Paragraph 3 People receive education according to their needs. Paragraph 5 according to paragraph 2 and paragraph 2 and paragraph 3 to help those who lack funds who will have a fund to contribute to Section 77. Repeal or revise unnecessary laws It hinders livelihood or occupation without delay so as not to burden the people. Article 48 Paragraph 2 Retirement Age Persons who are over 60 years of age and do not have sufficient income for subsistence and persons in poverty shall have the right to receive appropriate assistance from the State as provided by law. To have a dignified and stable life at all ages, to build people to have knowledge, skills, health, to Liberate and Empower people, to establish justice, to eradicate corruption and gray business, the Thai Sang Thai Party has a strategy to solve the whole system. This requires a budget of 600,000-700,000 million baht. Not necessarily, 10% of the annual expenditure budget will receive approximately Baht 300,000 million. Putting the underground business on the ground will be able to collect revenue. An estimated increase of 300,000-400,000 million baht is expected to generate money flow throughout the year. If there are only 3 turnovers from 700,000 million baht, it will multiply to 2,100,000 million baht. If the money circulates like some parties do 6 times in 6 months, there will be a huge economic turnover. He said the whole policy drive is not the kind of populism that makes people beggars. They must not make people beggars, slaves of each pole, live in poverty, hate each other according to beliefs bound to their favorite poles, be deceived into pain, fall to death. Family life has been falling apart for 90 years, especially these 17 years have been the worst, so it takes money to create people, employment. Reduce stress and risk at different ages Enrich knowledge, skills, opportunities Use digital technology to facilitate Build Power The people must not be fooled or victims of persuasion, so that some parties can gain power and lead the country even more corrupt must rise up to revolution.  
Political people get wet. Swimming - Cool off in Songkran|Unlocking Political People Play water to cool off Songkran 2023 with fun "Gen. Prayuth" watering for blessings "Gen. Prawit-Gen. Nupong" Gen. Thammarak, an advisor to the NHRC, opened his home to his children. People close to you are watering today (13 April 2023). Songkran 2023 amid the election atmosphere has seen many political parties continue to campaign along with playing Songkran water with the people. Let's start with Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister and his wife presided over the Songkran Cultural Tradition 2023 at Phakdee Bodin Building Government House since April 12, while Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party Opportunities for youth The 6th generation of soldiers and their friends celebrated Songkran Festival and National Senior Citizens' Day at Ramintra Army Golf Course. Joined as Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha reportedly The Prime Minister went to water for the blessings of Gen. Prawit and Gen. Anupong Phaojinda. Interior Minister on the occasion of Songkran Festival 2023 at the Forest Joint Foundation in 5 provinces and tomorrow (April 14) Gen Prayuth will wear a flower-patterned shirt to campaign for the Thonburi election. Along with the leaders of the party, including Mr. Peeraphan Salirathviphak, the leader of the party. Mr. Eknath Promphan, General Secretary of the Party Gen. Thammarak Isarangkoon Na Ayutthaya, an advisor to the head of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP), opened a private residence for his children. Family and close persons, including Pathum Thani MP candidate of the PDP, watered for blessings on Songkran Day. The atmosphere is simple and friendly. Candidate for Prime Minister of the Pheu Thai Party and Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand Mr. Panthong Genuine Shinawatra Mr. Suriya Jrungruangkit Mr. Kitti Sapvisut applicant Phetchaburi MP Pheu Thai Party, District 1 Mr. Chainam Wongwai Candidate Phetchaburi MP Pheu Thai Party and Mr. Panumas Angkinand, candidate Phetchaburi MP Party for Thai Songkran Water Walk Phumrak rd. Muang Phetchaburi The atmosphere is very lively. People splash water, patch flour. Mr. Settha, Mr. Panthongthuk and the Pheu Thai Party had fun and asked for a photo, stating that it was a good occasion, a new year, a new day and a new beginning. In about a month, we will have an election on May 14. We invite all citizens to exercise their rights in all areas. While Lady Sadarat Geyurapan Thai Sang Thai Party leader and Prime Minister candidate The Thai Build Thai Party No. 32 visited several areas such as Bang Kapi, Huai Khwang - Wang Thonglang, Bang Khen and Bueng Kum - Khan Na Yao with MPs to meet with the people on Songkran Day, as well as water the wishes of the elderly and brothers in the community. Mr. Intim Chontanasiri, Khon Kaen MP candidate for District 2 from the Progressive Party. Use the water campaign method to cruise along the Ban Gotha Canal. T. Sila On April 12, "Principal" Attapol Buapat and former Folk U.S. novice Sukkamlah from the People's Group helped campaign while Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat Mr. Pitha and his team attended the Songkran Festival at Insongyot Road Soi 5, Lamphun province with the people. Ms. Watanya Bunnag, Chairman of the Bangkok Political Innovation Working Group, Prof. Dr. Suchatvee Suwansawat, along with the MP candidate for Thawiwattana-Taling Chan district, joined the Buddhist water pagoda and built a sand pagoda at Wat Pathum Wanaram Raja Worawihan along with a tuk-tuk parade to play in Songkran water at Siam Square and Chulalongkorn Centennial Park under the activity name "Songkran Siam Khao Ma Let Go Joy". Leaders and candidates of MPs sprayed water with tourists who came to participate in the activity, and the youth came to greet and play in the water. The leader of the Democratic Party (PDP) wrote a cartoon "Oudda". Holding up the Happy Songkran 2023 banner posted on Facebook "Jurin Laksanavisit Aoodda" to wish Songkran 2023, it is noted that especially the number 2 and number 6 are particularly colorful. Also at the bottom. There is also a smiling gray cat with a blue bowl with the number 26 attached to the bowl. Read related Czech news before splashing! Lawyer loudly warned Songkran splash not guilty M.391 Chiang Mai bustling "Songkran 66" park also accelerated to extinguish the fire near Khao Yai, the SAT reiterated the precautions. "Campaign" during Songkran Violations punishable by dissolution of the party.  
"Dharmarak" can aim Isaan MP for each province - do not close the door to shake hands with "PT" |"Dharmarak" Open the house in Muang Ek area for close people to water for Songkran wishes for Thai New Year. aim Each Isaan MP is satisfied. The point of forming a government is based on the election results. Today (13 Apr 2023) Gen. Thammarak Isarangkoon Na Ayutthaya, Advisor to the Head of the Power Pracharath Party Open the house in Muang Ake Rangsit district to a retired former general and close military officer who used to work together. Watering for blessings on the occasion of Songkran Thai New Year at the residence in Muang Ake Rangsit area without the presence of military officers who are still government officials due to the policy. Director-General of the Bureau of Neutrality during the election of Gen. Thammarak Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan revealed that his return to politics did not set any particular goals. Head of the Pracharath Party Approached to help in politics And personally, there is a reason for the policy of the Power Pracharath Party that meets his heart, namely the policy of reconciliation, which he personally had made a policy of reconciliation when he was a soldier of the policy 66/23 under the umbrella of Gen. Thammarak mentioned that joining the Power Pracharath Party is a polar opposite to the Pheu Thai Party, which was formerly the Thai Rak Thai Party, which used to be affiliated that the former Thai Rak Thai Party was dissolved, it is considered quit and now it is a different party from the Pheu Thai Party that used to be. In the past, there were 126 districts but now there are 133 constituencies. He admitted that he had been working for a short time and did not select any candidates for MPs, only to reinforce and push. Therefore, the goal of winning the old MP seat would be impossible. But I personally will drill into which districts are possible by assessing the direction of the electoral field. Aim for at least one congressman in the Northeast. On average, one candidate per province is considered satisfied and admits that the Pheu Thai Party is good, but some candidates are still weak. Civil power will scramble there, and it is unacceptable that polls show that civil power will Four MPs in the Northeast, each aiming for an average province, are confident that they will be able to do the area because the time of the visit is still known. The base of voices came to welcome the view that even after 10 years, coming to the area once is not considered too late. In the campaign in Chu area that the Pracharath Power Party must have A lot of MPs, even if it's the government, will push through the announced policies. If the people choose little as the opposition, they cannot push any policy. Therefore, if you want to see the policies that we announced, please choose us a little more, Gen. Thammarak pointed out how the election results came out. To know whether the Pracharath Party will become the government or not. Therefore, to say whether they are confident or not confident now, and the party leader has already said that he must look at the election results and does not know about the handshake with any political party. The party leader has already said that in such an interview, personal opinion is not a party consensus. It is still considered that the door is not closed to shake hands with the Pheu Thai Party. Other political parties go to all extremes. Policies go hand in hand, they go hand in hand. Gen. Thammarak also opened up that he did not hope for any political position. I left politics a long time ago to help with ad hoc tasks, which I didn't think about.
Today, the National Park Department is open to Thai people for free on the occasion of Family Day.|The government invites people to take vacations. During Songkran Festival - Family Day at national parks in various areas across the country. NPS Department Free admission to Thai people on Family Day 14 April Today (14 April 2023) Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Deputy Secretary-General of the Prime Minister for Political Affairs Acting spokesman of the Prime Minister's Office revealed that April 14, which coincides with the National Park Department's Family Day. Fauna and Flora The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment has waived entrance fees to national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and hunting zones nationwide for Thai nationals and vehicles on the occasion of Family Day on 14 April 2023.In order to raise awareness and awareness of the importance of natural resource conservation and promote good family relationships, the government invites Thai people to travel and relax at national parks in various areas across the country on the occasion of Family Day and Songkran Festival holidays to build family bonds and promote tourism and nature education at the same time. There are service and tourist assistance centers in national parks during Songkran Festival at local conservation area management offices and branches covering the country. There are staff at the center 24 hours a day to assist tourists as well as within all national parks. There is a tourist convenience point. There are staff and equipment ready to perform duties in case of emergency, supervise various recreational activities of tourists to fully facilitate and ensure the safety of tourists. In National Park Tourism The National Park Service advises visitors to plan their trips before traveling, as some popular national parks may have a large number of visitors from national park tourism information during the New Year holidays. 2023 of the National Park Department, statistics of tourists visiting national parks during 30 December 2022 - 2 In January 2023, a total of 554,345 people, with a total income of 17,705,415 baht, with Khao Yai National Park in Nakhon Ratchasima province winning the largest number of tourists with 18,132 people. Phulankha National Park, Chaiyaphum province has announced the reopening of tourism. After being closed to nature for rehabilitation for 2 months, Phu Lan Kha National Park will be open for tourists to visit the beautiful stone pillars at "Mo Hin Khao" and the natural beauty of Phu Lan Kha National Park from April 11, 2023 onwards. Visitors can check tourist information in national parks on the National Parks Bureau website https://portal.dnp.go.th/p/nationalpark National Parks of Thailand Facebook page or National Parks and Forest Park Facebook page.
Keep an eye on political parties, bluff the "numbers" policy to give-pay. |From choosing 3,700 baht for Thailand to offer 10,000 baht for top-up wallets, the latest Total Thailand Build the Nation released a clip of "more real than 10,000 baht" with a welfare card Plus scan of political policies that offer to pay people who are bluffing or competing with numbers fiercely, such as Pheu Thai's policy offering to distribute 10,000 baht in digital wallets. Used up in 6 months while the civil power After getting the number 37, he upheld the policy of choosing the power of the state for 3,700 baht, both increasing the state welfare card and paying the elderly allowance. Top up for low-income people every month Water, electricity, gas, and car bills are more than 10,000 baht per year with the slogan "Earn money using money". Noted that populism "who pays more than whom" analyzed that the power of the state only welfare card 700 baht per month. 4-year budget expected to exceed 400,000 million baht It is expected to spend more than 2,000,000 million baht for Thailand to distribute 10,000 baht into digital wallets for people aged 16 years and above, once spend more than 500,000 million baht, including Thailand to build the nation only welfare cards 1,000 baht per month, it is expected that in 4 years it will spend more than 600,000 million baht, Seri Ruam Thai public pension 65 years and above 3,000 baht per month, 4 years spend more than 1,000,000 million baht. Therefore, it is the observation of political parties together. to the budget burden that must be applied to these policies.
SEC launches 4 channels to report election fraud - Maximum prize of 1 million baht  |The SAT Office has launched 4 channels to report information about election fraud for MPs, with the SAT having a maximum prize of 1 million baht. Today (April 14, 2023), the Office of the Election Commission has opened a channel for whistleblowing of fraud. The general election of members of the House of Representatives through various channels by people who witness election fraud, such as the distribution of money and goods, can report the situation and prevent election fraud by reporting clues or evidence of election fraud through channels. 1. The "Pineapple Eye" application can be downloaded via the Election Commission's website or App Store and Google Play, which supports Android mobile phones version 8 or higher and iOS version 11 or higher. The "Pineapple Eyes" application can report the situation by text, image, audio or video.2. Election Fraud Whistleblowing Center Tel. 0 2141 8860, 0 2141 8579 and 0 2141 88583. Hotline Service SAT 1444 for whistleblowers of election fraud The Office of the Election Commission provides support rewards to whistleblowers who are useful in investigating the case. The prize fund ranges from 100,000 - 1,000,000 baht depending on the importance of the data. The Office of the Election Commission has cooperated with the Royal Thai Police to provide maximum security for election fraud whistleblowers. It is not considered to be a petition to contest the election in accordance with the regulations. Election Commission on Investigation Inquiry and Judgment Act 2018 and as amended to (No. 3) B.E. 2023 and must not be intentional or deliberate. To cause damage or damage to other persons, including not making false statements.
The SAT sent the ballot to the election. Outside the Kingdom in 66 countries |The SAT sent overseas ballots registered by Thais in 66 countries, with "green" list ballots and "purple" zonal ballots. Today (14 Apr 2023) The 3-party joint working group consists of: Election Commission (SEC) Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Post Office The delivery of materials, equipment and ballots for the first day of overseas pre-election was carried out by Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the SAT Mr. Pongstorn Wisetsuwan. Senior Executive Vice President, Thailand Post Company and Mr. Narong Boonsatiwong Deputy Director-General of the Department of Consular Affairs, Office of the Election Commission, Department of Consular Affairs, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and Thailand Post Service jointly delivered ballots and equipment. In 66 overseas elections, 94 destinations for overseas elections were registered by voters. List-based ballots use "green" and zonal ballots use "purple." The amount of voter registration outside the Kingdom From March 25 to April 9, a total of 115,139 people registered for the exercise, including 109,442 registered via internet and 5,697 registered at the district or local registrar office. It does not affect the plan.
"Big Tu" wears a brightly colored shirt and wields the leader of the RTTC to pay homage to the monk.|"Big Tu" In a good mood, the leader of the RTTC, wearing a brightly colored shirt, patrolled 3 temples, left the people crossed out the number 22 and prayed for the peace of the nation.  Today (14 Apr 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The prime ministerial candidate of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, led by a team of leaders, candidates and party members, wore colorful shirts with Gen Prayut wearing a tie-dye shirt in turquoise blue and white to pay homage to 3 famous temples in Khlong San, Bangkok Yai and Bangkok Noi as soon as Gen Prayut arrived at Wat Pichai Kinkaram. There are citizens. Gen. Prayuth thanked and made the party symbol No. 22 for the people to choose the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party and its candidates. By telling them to do good deeds from the heart, to love the nation, religion, king, to love others and share, to give good feelings to each other, which they will do their best to make everything better and wish everyone to fulfill their wishes. Finding the right good solution, the nation is the same. The important thing in doing good deeds is to do them from the heart. There is no heart for everyone, who does not have it? The heart is for self-love, love for others and love for national institutions, religions, monarchy. This is our vital power, and what can be achieved is pure from our determination, Gen. Prayuth said, "Every progress Thailand has to be stable and sustainable. If you do something, it all knocks you down. A nation has many structures. Giving importance to all structures, Gen. Prayuth said in a brief interview that he had prayed for the nation. The people are happy, the institutions are safe, the political action of our home is successful, and the families are happy. When I pray, I ask a lot of others to come back to me and emphasize that all actions are for the people according to the policy. I did. I did. Subsequently, Gen. Prayuth also visited the Hong Temple and Bell Temple. Before the afternoon, go to meet the people at Wang Lang Market. However, it is noted that today Gen. Prayuth had a good expression and a good mood and greeted the people in a friendly manner. It is about appearing and performing missions to the media and meeting people in public. After not appearing for several days during Gen. Prayuth's visit today, Nuns and monks warned those who came to practice the Dhamma to be wary of the lack of precepts because they came to take pictures, shake hands, perch and hug. Gen. Prayuth to renew the precepts tomorrow. (May 15)
NACC reiterates MPs must submit assets and liabilities after dissolution of Parliament within 60 days|office NACC reiterates members of the House of Representatives The assets and liabilities must be submitted after the announcement of the Dissolution of Parliament Act within 60 days or no later than May 19. Secretary General of the Board The NACC, as a spokesperson for the Office of the NACC, revealed that after the Government Gazette published the decree on the dissolution of the House of Representatives B.E. 2023. On 20 Mar 2023 As a result, the membership of members of the House of Representatives is terminated according to the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand B.E. 2560. According to the Constitutional Assembly Act on Prevention and Suppression of Corruption B.E. 2561, Section 102 (1), which requires the filing of assets and liabilities accounts. For the filing of this asset account, the date of dissolution of Parliament shall be March 20, 2023 as the date of retirement, and the asset account must be submitted within 60 days from March 21 to May 19, 2023. The NACC said that if MPs fail to submit their assets and liabilities within the said period, they will not be able to submit their assets and liabilities within that period. The application for extension must be submitted before May 19, 2023 for 3 channels for filing assets and liabilities accounts: in person at the central NACC office or provincial NACC office, submitted by registered mail to the NACC Office at 361 Nonthaburi Road, Thasai Subdistrict, Mueang Nonthaburi District, Nonthaburi Province 11000 and on the https://asset.nacc.go.th/ods-app/ website. For more information, please contact us. Contact us at Tel. 1205 or at regional NACC offices nationwide.
SAT raises donation of 26 million baht to Thailand 12 million|The SAT distributes the amount of political party donations in the month. January finds Thailand to build a nation (RTTC) 26 million baht Pheu Thai Party 12 million baht She gave the Thai National Party 9.8 million baht development today (14 April 2023). Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Publish donor lists and amounts donated to political parties. It was found that political parties such as the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) had 19 donations totaling 26,004,500 baht. Special Assoc. Prof. Dr. Duangrit Benjatikul Chairungruang donated 5 million baht Miss Suttapat Amornruangtrakul donated 5 million baht Miss Saowanee Anukul donated 5 million baht for Special Assoc. Prof. Dr. Duangrit is a former Dean of the Faculty of Political Science and former Vice Chancellor. Bangkok Thonburi University was an assistant. Labour Minister (Mr. Suchart Chomklin) He is the political heir of Dr. Charnchai Chairungruang, a famous former politician and former leader of the For the Land Party. Khaoyai Paradise on Earth Head Office donated 500,000 baht NS Interlaw Co., Ltd. donated 1 million baht Siam Handthong Co., Ltd. donated 1 million baht, while Pheu Thai Party donated 5 items totaling 12 million baht, all private companies, namely Clean Clean Co., Ltd. 3 million baht. Imperial Company World Ice Skating Co., Ltd. 2 million baht World Technology Co., Ltd. 2 million baht Business Town Co., Ltd. 3 million baht Tang Seng Hong Nongkhai Co., Ltd. donated 2 times totaling 2 million baht while the Thai National Development Party (CHPA) There is a beautiful lady in the arts. Wife of former Prime Minister Banharn Silpa-archa donated 9.8 million baht Previously, in August 2022. Khun Ying Chaemsai had donated 9.8 million baht to the NDP party, while other interesting parties such as the Progressive Party. Donation 571,919 Baht Democratic Party (PDP) The total donation amount was 527,000 baht, the Proud Thai Party received 1,970,000 baht. Donation amount 1.7 million baht Among these are Mr. Attawish Suwanpakdee. Party Secretary-General donated 1 million baht to the Thai Economic Party, donating 710,000 thousand baht Thai People's Democratic Party Donation amount 300,000 baht Unite the Power Party, formerly known as the United Nations Party of Thailand Donations amounted to 800,000 baht, Thai Sriwilai Party donated 1.3 million baht and Prachachart Party donated 830,000 baht.
Prime Minister says he doesn't know about Min Aung Hlaing's daughter|The Prime Minister doesn't know about Min Aung Hlaing's daughter. Drop the transnational arms trafficking case. Q. The media should use Section 112 policy. Campaigning or not, Pushing muscles show, still fighting for 8 years today (April 14, 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister spoke about the news that Gen. Min Aung Hlaing, the leader of Myanmar's military dictatorship, He contacted Thai authorities to request that his daughter's name be withdrawn from a case involving transnational arms traffickers. Ask the media who said that. He hasn't heard of it yet. Therefore, whatever you do, you have to do the facts first if there is evidence or not. Do you have any documents or matters? If not, what can he do while some political parties are campaigning with policies to amend Article 112? I asked him again, what do we think? When the media responds that it shouldn't. The Prime Minister said to speak out loud and write it down. It's not a time. The whole land idolizes it. What are you going to do it for? Gen. Prayuth also said that he thinks of the people. Even though I did not visit the people of all provinces, but by road, water. Before asking the media who did it, Gen Prayut also said he was healthy and in a good mood and was in a muscular position, and said that if he did not fight, he would stay for 8 years or while Gen Prayut was in the car. Love you. I forgot to tell you.
"Big Tu" surprise wielding water gun playing Songkran Khaosan Road |"Big Tu" Surprise Khaosan Road Grab a water gun and play Songkran in the sun. Fans flock for selfies He said he hasn't played Songkran water for 50 years since he was in the military today (April 14, 2023). Reporters reported that at 1.30 p.m., Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha Prime Minister along with Mr. Peeraphan Salirathviphak, head of the National Uniting Thai Building Party (RTSO) Party Secretary-General Eknath Promphan arrived at Khao San Road, where Thai and foreign tourists settled down to play Songkran water on the second day amid the scorching heat. Even though the whole body was wet with water, there was still a smiling expression on his face.  Ready said additionally, Gen. Prayuth also said he was visiting. And on the occasion of Thai New Year. May everyone be happy and prosperous, whatever blessings they have given, may they return a hundred times a thousand times All merchants and club plans ask for selfies and autographs and wave hello along the way. In addition, during Gen. Prayuth's Songkran water play. A group of teenagers shouted, "Why are you here?" but General Prayuth didn't answer. "Uncle Pom," the reporter asked if it was fun. Gen Prayut said that if tourists flock to Khao San Road to play Songkran, it is crowded and many sides fear a tragedy like in South Korea, saying that the agencies involved have already been instructed and the agencies know their duties because there are rules and procedures in place. In taking care of many people, the atmosphere of tourism that is lively is good. Tourists are good, the economy is good. The trading business is good. Read related news 4 p.m. tonight to play Songkran "Khao San Road", "Big Tu" wearing a brightly colored shirt to wield the leader of the RTTC to pay homage to the monk.  
"Settha" sees "Uncle Tu Plus Card" as a drop of boiled rice water, adding dried fish.|"Settha" sees "Uncle Tu Plus Card" as a drop of boiled rice water, adding dried fish after bluffing back more than 10,000 baht, asking people to judge whose policy is better today (April 14, 2023). Mr. Settha Thaveesin Pheu Thai Party president candidate mentioned the case of the SAT revealing the color of the zonal ballots. He said he had to find a way to communicate clearly because the shades are similar, but he believed that under the same rules and standards, he would be able to communicate with the public to distinguish the color of the card but did not know if it would cause more bad cards. Because the color has just been announced, it must be given a chance. The SAT has clarified the publicity, but the party will communicate with the people in parallel. Will more bad cards affect Pheu Thai Party's popular vote? Since there may be confusion in the color of the card, Mr. Setha admitted that it is possible so. The party will work harder and reiterate that all parties are subject to the same rules, but the party is still confident in its policies and candidates, which will allow more people to choose Pheu Thai Party and be able to distinguish similar ballots. Mr. Settha said that he personally did not know the information yet, but he was confident in the legal department and the economic team of the party because the party's policy is quite resonant and there may be other policies that may need to be clarified in more depth and confident in clarifying while the welfare card plus policy that gives 1,000 baht per month of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party if compared to 1 year will get 12,000 baht, which is more than the digital wallet policy. Mr. Settha reiterated that he personally does not usually criticize the policies of other parties, but clarified in the policy for Thailand that 10,000 baht is Use local areas to stimulate the community economy once in a big way. Not to be concentrated in big cities, other party policies that give more is the belief of that party and also see it as a drop of boiled rice, but this time it is like adding dried fish, believing that there is nothing, Mr. Setha also mentioned that the policy competition of each political party at the moment must look at the policy as well, not just the money that will guide that the people will always benefit. Not giving little by little, like dropping porridge water. Adding a little dried fish will always mean that people will benefit more, so do not criticize the rival political parties for adjusting the policy figures accordingly. Reiterating his confidence in the policy for Thailand, Mr. Settha also spoke about confidence in the Prachuap Khiri Khan province despite winning the last election. But the former is a long-dominated Democratic Party area, said after a morning market walk with the candidates. MPs also believe in policies such as improving tourism. Upgrading Thai passports and helping pineapple farmers is expected to be better. Whoever the next prime minister is, The Pheu Thai Party continues to engage in trade negotiations around the world because new markets are important. Don't speculate on numbers. MPs of the targeted party 376 What percentage will it be, but let's move forward with the work of disseminating the party's policies. If the policy is communicated completely and correctly, it is confident. There's not much time after this. Let's go on a campaign with full indomitability.  
For Thailand, the movement to buy the NHC card to exercise the right to vote in advance|"For Thailand" bulging election fraud movement, sweeping the ID card to exercise the right to vote in advance and demanding The SEC does not remain silent and expedites the investigation today (April 14, 2023). Mr. Sutin Armoury The Pheu Thai party-list candidate told reporters that during the past week, People in many areas in the Northeast, including Mahasarakham District 6, which is their hometown, came to discuss their grievances that some party leaders in the village had asked to borrow ID cards. He claimed to check the voters, but later learned that the group Apply for early voting. When he challenged the group, he offered 500-1,000 baht in exchange for advance exercise and chose his own party's candidate, which the people refused because they saw it as a scam and persuaded them to commit illegal acts. This kind of incident has been found in many areas by candidates of the same party acting as a process. Therefore, I would like to leave it to the Election Commission (SEC). Do not remain silent on this. Urge investigation, restrain and convict these people noted whether the issue of whether to request an extension of the time for the SEC to exercise their rights in advance will go through this party. As for the people who have been subjected to this, Please report the case to yourself and arrange a lawyer to assist in the process.
 "Super Poll" unfolds new data, landslides don't exist. |Super Pole New Land Slide Data Point Does not exist. Although 60 percent of people intend to go out and vote, polls show Pheu Thai Party has the highest chance of winning more than 130 seats, followed by Proud Thai Pracharath Party. Today (14 April 2023), SUPER POLL presented the results of a study on the 3rd MP Election Poll: New Land Slide Data? A case study of voters from all walks of life aged 18 and over in 400 constituencies and an estimate of 100 seats in each political party's list. 53,094,778 voters nationwide The project studies data sources for both quantitative and qualitative research. The number of samples in the approximative study included a total of 6,073 samples between days 5–13. Interestingly, the poll found that a majority, or 61.4 percent, intend to go out to vote for MPs this time, or estimate that about 32.6 million people will go out to vote. However, 38.6 per cent did not go, or about 20 million people would not go to the polls.Interestingly, the study estimates 500 seats and the lowest percentage of MPs of each political party. To the maximum of each political party, both constituency MPs and list MPs are classified as follows:  Pheu Thai Party will get 133 constituency MPs or 33.3% of the 400 constituency MPs and 27 list MPs are expected to get a total of 160 seats with the lowest value at 135 seats and the highest value at 185 seats belonging to the Pheu Thai Party. List of MPs of the Proud Thai Party Total 20 seats The Proud Thai Party will get 121 seats, with the lowest value at 96 seats and the highest value at 146 seats belonging to the Proud Thai Party. List of MPs of the Power Pracharath Party Total 11 seats The Power Pracharath Party will get 64 seats, with the lowest value at 39 seats and the highest value at 89 seats belonging to the Power Pracharath Party. List of MPs of the Democratic Party: 8 seats in total The Democratic Party will get 52 seats, with the lowest value at 27 seats and the highest value at 77 seats. The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party will get 43 seats with the lowest value at 18 seats and the highest value at 68 seats. There are 24 constituency MPs and 14 list MPs. Other parties will get a total of 38 seats, with the lowest value at 13 seats and the highest value at 63 seats, according to the Super Poll. According to the new data from this study, the landslide does not exist with any political party in the whole picture, but it may occur in some areas, such as the South, where the Democratic Party still finds traces of a landslide that may have ceded provinces in many areas, especially in the Gulf of Thailand, while the Proud Thai Party is still in the middle of the country. It will be scattered in different sectors in a way that is almost a landslide, but the Pheu Thai Party will have a fairly clear picture in the landslide in the upper Northeast and the Northeast, but there will be a Proud Thai Party in the lower Northeast. The Power Pracharath Party is also prominent in Korat and Lower Northeast, such as Prachinburi, Sa Kaeo, etc. The northern part is still clear in the Pheu Thai Party, but the central region is a mix of political parties in the area. In addition, the results of the 4th MP election poll by region will be presented on Sunday, April 16.Read related news "Big Tu" surprise wielding water gun to play Songkran on Khao San Road for Thailand bulging winch movement to buy ID cards to vote in advance
Political parties propose policies hoping to win the votes of the elderly.|In this election, many political parties presented their policies in hopes of winning votes from the 12 million senior citizens. In contrast to many elderly people plan their lives in advance because they do not want to burden their relatives. And do not want to rely on welfare from the state today (15 April 2023) at the nursing home, Swangkanives, Thai Red Cross Society. Bang Pu, Samut Prakan There are many elderly people who used to run their own business but did not want to burden themselves with siblings and relatives. So he planned his life, brought money to work. Choose to move yourself to live here, pay the entrance fee of 650,000 baht in exchange for the room size of 33 sq.m. Buy security and meet new friends, each with a different story line. Thai Red Cross Society Said that the elderly who came to contact the room. 70% are single and have no children. At present, there are 400 rooms and have the right to stay until the end of life. Activities In 2022, Thailand has 12,698,362 elderly people, or 19.21% of the country's total population of more than 66 million people, and it is projected to increase by about 1 million every year. There are 3 policies, namely the Thai Sang Thai Party, which has 2 policies, namely the Progressive Party, which has 3 policies, namely the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, which has 4 policies, namely the Proud Thai Party, which has 3 policies, namely the Pheu Thai Party. There is no increase in money, but it will increase the efficiency of 30 baht to treat all diseases so that the elderly can use the services at the nearest hospital. No need to wait long to see a doctor and modernize the service by using only one ID card. COVID-19 warns Songkran visiting relatives to beware of "Super Poll" Unfold new data. Landslides don't exist.
Threaten to slaughter! Warn the big house - new house do not act influential.|"Seri Pisut" campaigning for votes in Chonburi province Warn Big House and New House not to act like an influential person and threaten to slaughter if they become the government today (April 15, 2023) Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes The leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party went to campaign area at Lan Pho Naklua Market, Ban Na Kluea community. Naklua New Market Chonburi Province Ready to introduce Mr. Piyapong Songsuk Chonburi MP candidate for District 8, Seri Ruam Thai Party No. 1 and the policy of the Seri Ruam Thai Party leader, said that coming to Chonburi province again today is like coming back to the old country because he used to serve here. Using unused state land for construction during this election, he said that there should be no influence of the Big House or the new house in the campaign, which was earlier when he was in the police service, he subdued many provinces and asked the people of Chonburi province to vote for the candidate of the Seri Ruam Thai Party. Even now, it is not possible to estimate it. But he hopes to get about 3-4 people, including asking for a chance for people to choose the No. 25 Seri Ruam Thai Party on the list of MPs, insisting that the 14 policies of the party will surely relieve the burden of the past 8 years and that Thais will smile all over the country as the Prayuth regime is nearing its farewell. The prime minister candidate of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party went to Songkran to play in Khao San Road, saying he saw Gen Prayuth trying to portray him as approachable to win votes. Gen. Prayuth went around with security all over the city, so he wanted to ask, "What are you afraid of?" Does Gen. Prayuth dare to go to the wet market alone to ask people if they are eating better? If you dare to go alone and not be evicted, or go to play Songkran water alone and not be splashed with hot water. He will give a thumbs up for encouragement. Gen. Prayuth, however, believes that he will not dare to challenge him," Gen. Sereepisut said, reading related news "Big Tu" surprise wielding water gun to play Songkran on Khao San Road. For Thailand, bulging the movement to buy tickets, the NCPO exercised the right to vote in advance, the SAT announced the disqualification of 1 candidate, the Prime Minister pointed out that he must petition the court within 7 days if he does not agree.
The SEC announced the disqualification of 1 candidate, the Prime Minister pointed out that he would appeal to the court within 7 days if he disagreed.|The SEC announced that 67 political parties have the right to apply for election, disqualifying 1 candidate for prime minister due to prohibited characteristics, including 9 candidates for party-list MPs. If they disagree, they must appeal to the Supreme Court within 7 days on April 14, 2023. Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Resolved to approve the announcement. The SAT on the list of political parties submitting the list of candidates for the election of MPs on the list (MP4/23) Announcement on the list of candidates for the election of MPs on the list (MP4/24) and announcement Notification of the names of persons that political parties will propose to the House of Representatives. To consider and approve the appointment as Prime Minister (MP4/31) according to the The SAT proposes the results of the qualification examination and prohibited characteristics. In the candidacy and notification of the names of persons whom political parties have resolved to propose to the House of Representatives. It was found that all 67 political parties are political parties that have the right to submit a list of candidates. List of MPs because they have all the qualifications required by law to check the qualifications and prohibited characteristics of candidates for election. Of the 1,898 MPs on the list, 1,889 were found to be eligible candidates and nine were not recruited due to disqualification or prohibited characteristics under the law for evidence review. Notification of the names of persons whom political parties resolved to propose to the House of Representatives for approval to be appointed as Prime Minister in 43 political parties, of which 63 were found to be qualified and not prohibited in total, 62 persons and 1 person was disqualified, namely Mr. Rattan Peerawitthanapak, belonging to the Ratwithi Party, because he did not have a bachelor's degree or its equivalent according to Article 160(3) of the Constitution. The election director of the constituency will announce the names according to the form MP4/14 and the provincial election offices in all provinces will publish the announcement. Next, candidates for the election of MPs at the SAT and the Director of Elections do not apply. The applicant can apply to the Supreme Court within 7 days from the date of publication of the list, without paying court fees for the proceedings, the reporter reported. The list of 9 MPs found by the SAT to be prohibited from running for election includes: Read more: Political parties propose policy to win votes among senior citizens, NACC reiterates MPs to submit assets and liabilities after dissolution of Parliament within 60 days
SAT sets color of 2 ballots for "purple" district MPs - "Green" roster|The SAT announced that the constituency MPs ballot is "purple" and the list-based MPs ballot is "green" today (April 15, 2023). The Office of the Election Commission publicizes the color of ballots in the general election of members of the House of Representatives, according to the Election Commission (SEC). Sunday, May 14, 2023 has been designated as Election Day, where voters will receive two ballots to vote for council members. Constituency-based and list-based House of Representatives. The Office of the Election Commission would like to publicize the color of the ballot for members of the House of Representatives. The House of Commons is used in this election. As follows: Zonal ballot for members of the House of Representatives. The election is "purple" and the ballot for members of the House of Representatives on the list is "green". Related News: SEC announces disqualification of 1 candidate The Prime Minister pointed out that he will appeal to the court within 7 days if he does not agree with the SAT to distribute the maximum donation of "RTSO" 26 million - for Thailand 12 million.
"Setha" campaign for Ban Pong Won NHC Don't let anyone be undervalued, give away 10,000 cryptocurrency.|"Settha" swings Ratchaburi MP candidate for Thailand to campaign for Ban Pong market Let's get an opportunity for Thailand to solve the country's problems. The villagers asked to shake hands and tell them to shake hands so that they could get rich as well. Voluntary military conscription and 10,000 digital wallets plead with citizens not to undermine the policy today (April 15, 2023). Mr. Settha Thaveesin Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidate along with MP candidate Chaworakult Chinthammit to Ban Pong Market Ratchaburi province met people and vendors, some of whom asked to shake hands and said that their hands were very soft and they shook hands with rich people so that they could get rich along with complimenting how handsome they are. Ask for an opportunity for the Pheu Thai Party to come in and solve the problems that accumulate at the moment. Mr. Settha expressed his gratitude that so many people gathered today and that there are still 30 days left for the Pheu Thai Party to conduct its campaign speech, stating that the past 8 years have been a time of suffering for the people and that the work of Pheu Thai has paved the way for a better solution for the future. But the current government has been working for 8 years, which cannot be claimed. Why do people have to endure the current conditions? Both the problem of expenditure, increase income, reduce PM 2.5 dust, deprive people of their rights and freedoms, and some people do not want to be forced. Conscripting the military for the Thai Party, therefore, proposes a policy to voluntarily enlist the military"I understand well. Ratchaburi province is a military zone. Military institutions are institutions that we can rely on. Have the right to choose to engage in any profession, including the right to enlist in the military that it deserves. It's not that anyone who doesn't want to be a soldier to leave the country is forced to accuse them of hating the country, but it's their right to choose a career, so the Pheu Thai Party encourages voluntary enlistment," Settha said. At the same time, the current Prime Minister can almost fully say that he has never negotiated to open the market abroad to the Thai people. Whether it's not being able to speak English or being disinterested. Instead, the Pheu Thai Party government is elected by the people, regardless of the prime minister. An important matter to be carried out is to open up the market to foreign trade, simultaneously also clarify the subject of Digital wallet campaign policy of 10,000 baht, which if any house has 4-5 members, receive the full 40,000 - 50,000 baht. Don't let him tell you that this policy is bad. Everyone is 16 years old and above. And the price of digital coins does not go up and down according to crypto. He added that there is an additional policy of the Pheu Thai Party, including a minimum income of 20,000 baht, if surveyed. Which family does not reach us, we will replenish it. Raise the policy of 30 baht to cure all diseases. Lean to take care of the people from birth to follow. Let's choose for Thailand, the whole party, for Thailand to push the policy related news. : The SEC announced the disqualification of 1 candidate of the Prime Minister, pointing out that he will appeal to the court within 7 days if he disagrees, "Settha" sees the "Uncle Tu Plus Card" as a drop of boiled rice water, adding dried fish to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, raising the donation of "RTSO" up to 26 million - for Thailand 12 million.
"Warawut" to campaign for Phak Hai-Sena Abbot of Wat Latchado You can be Prime Minister.|"Warawut" voicing the candidate's banner - the banner of the Thai Pattana Party has been pierced, leaving only the frame pendant to fight with better policy while getting on a ten-wheeled car - Tuk Tuk parade for votes Phak Hai and Sena districts. He can become Prime Minister today (April 15, 2023). Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha Minister of Natural Resources and Environment As the head of the National Thai Development Party (CHPA), Mrs. Suwanna Silpa-archa, his wife, a member of the National Development Party. and Mr. Santi Kiranand, deputy leader of the National Development Party, the leader of the National Development Party. Went to Phak Hai and Sena to help Mr. Prawit (Pu) Suwannasorn. Candidate for Congressman Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya District 5 (Bang Sai, Phak Hai, Lat Bua Luang, Sena) No. 12 campaigned by 09.00 a.m. to cut the ribbon for the opening ceremony of the Coordination Center of the Thai Pattana Party at Phak Hai district, Ayutthaya province, then boarded a float which was a pink ten-wheeled car followed by a tuk-tuk which is a symbol of the way of life of Phak Hai people that are still used by passengers today. Campaign around Phak Hai Market and pay homage to sacred things at Wat Lat Cha Do. Phak Hai District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province and pay homage to Phra Kru Wimonpattanakitkosol. The abbot of Wat Lat Chado told Mr. Warawut, "I can be the Prime Minister, and Ayutthaya and Suphan Buri are sister cities. Prawit's puppet is probably an MP who has already told Pravit to listen to the voices of the people and take them into consideration because not all projects can do it all, but we have to see what the villagers want as needed. Do it first, do it after, in order. It's okay to be a little tired at first. I wish to be elected Prime Minister and become an MP so that I can help develop a prosperous country so that people will be happy. May all wishes be fulfilled," Mr. Warawut said, "Amen, Father, and I will help develop Phak Hai Ayutthaya to be like Suphan Buri And there is still a lot of work to continue. Wheat intersection, line 340 has arrived, and we need Pravit to help us do the job. My brother is young, he's still strong, he's got a lot of work to do. I was a little tired at first. The next session is even more tiring," Mr. Warawut said in the 4 districts of District 5 Ayutthaya, regardless of the election, but what he reiterated to Mr. Prawit is that the work must be continuous. Brothers and sisters in these 4 districts Who is in trouble to tell Mr. Prawit if the Thai Pattana Party joins the government? We will be able to fully support our brothers and sisters, the biggest difference is that after the election, they will disappear altogether. But for Pravit, he had time to help with his work, and this first period was not easy. It takes time. He would like to encourage everyone to stay with the Thai Patana Party for a long time because we live together as a family. Some people who already wanted to become ministers went to other parties, but until now they have not been Mr. Warawut said from the area in Phak Hai district, Sena district, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province. It was found that the campaign banner of the Thai Pattana Party No. 18 and the campaign sign of the candidate Mr. Prawit No. 12 were destroyed at least 30-40 banners. Because every political party has a duty to present both the party number and the candidate number, Mr. Warawut said that from what was destroyed, it was done with absolute intention, not an accident because only the wooden frame was missing, some was missing, some were drilled, and some of other political parties were destroyed as well. Let's give the Thai nation a chance to work for our brothers and sisters in Ayutthaya, competing for better policies, not using so-called unconstructive methods to make politics something that is worth participating in for all people. Set the color of 2 ballots. "Green" roster
"Pitha" reiterates victory Shape the next government|"Pitha" Thanks to the people pouring their votes for the sitting Prime Minister. Who's next? Reflecting the Thai people enough with the old politics, ready to work hard at the last bend, reiterating the victory "moving forward" to shape the face of the next government today (April 15, 2023). Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. According to a poll conducted by Matichon News Agency in collaboration with the Daily News Agency, which surveyed 84,076 people online across all regions, all age levels, occupation, education and income, and voted without IP address between April 8-14, 2023, Mr. Pitha said he would like to thank more and more people for supporting the party. The poll's score is in line with what we can experience in every province traveled to, and in line with the numbers online. that the public expressed their support for the Progressive Party. Clearly more than in the past New Future Party in 2019, both want to see him as prime minister. And in the big picture, I want people to run the country as people who go far, the support that we have received reflects that over the past 4 years, we have proven to work for the people that the party MPs have gone far. How to work outstandingly and different from other political parties that have ever existed until receiving praise for working far, straightforward. The work is worthwhile and aims to solve the problems that the party leader went a long way in the last 30 days before the election. We of the Progressive Party must work harder, both to open speeches across the country, both online and through the media, and to knock on doors, to reach as many people as possible because in this election, the victory of the Progressive Party will be the decisive factor in the face of the next government, how trustworthy it will be, and whether there will be a military party in the government as well. Set the color of 2 ballots. List of "green" SAT disqualifies 1 candidate, the Prime Minister pointed out to petition the court within 7 days if they disagree.
Nida Poll backs "Ung-ing" sitting Prime Minister "Pitha" ranks 2nd - "Prayuth" ranks 3rd|Nida poll 35.70 percent support "Ung Ing" sitting prime minister, followed by "Pitha" while "Gen Prayuth" in 3rd place - elect the party for Thailand both zonal and list today (April 16, 2023). Reveal the results of public surveys. The "2nd Election Battle 2023" will be conducted during April 3-7, 2023. From citizens aged 18 years and over Spread across all regions, education level, occupation and income nationwide. The survey asked who the public would support to become prime minister in this election. It was found that for the political parties that the people will choose to be MPs on a zonal basis, it was found that for the political parties that the people will choose to be MPs on a list, it was found that when considering the general characteristics of the sample, it was found that the sample of the age range of the sample of related news : "Super Poll" unfolds new information. Landslide does not exist, catches the eye of political parties, bluffs the "numbers" policy to give-pay.
"Prayuth" ignores poll as deputy PT-step forward Confirm the NTSC to more than 10 thousand.|"Gen. Prayuth" Confirm not discourage poll results Party popularity and prime minister candidate is secondary to Thailand - a step forward The point is the decision of the people. Reveal the knot of welfare payments to more than 10,000 baht, reveal the submission of the party's policy in time according to the framework set by the SAT today (April 16, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, as the Prime Minister candidate of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, along with Party leader Peeraphan Salirathvipak and his leadership team met people at Bon Marche Market and AOT Market, where Gen Prayuth apologized to the people on behalf of the ruling Thai National Building Party that may have been affected. On the campaign trail. At the same time, thank you for your hospitality and good friendliness. He wished the people success. In trade At the same time, I have homework to rethink how I can do better. He reiterated that he would continue to do and do something new, adding that Thailand's problems with the small market of shops are many. It's a lot of production capacity, but it's too little purchasing power. I repeat, it goes both ways. Sellers and buyers depend on each other to increase income for the basic economy. For Thailand today and tomorrow, if it can be distributed locally, there will be more money circulating in the system. The additional government budget is investment, especially new investment from abroad, which has already undertaken some work and will be seen in the coming years. Asserting that both will be replenished to make Thailand stable, prosperous and sustainable, Gen. Prayuth also clarified the welfare card Plus, which raises the legal figure calculated at 1,000 baht per month for 12 months to 12,000 baht, while the rival party's policy gives 10,000 baht once and then takes 6 months. Radius of use? Gen Prayuth said it should be because it works in all areas and do not forget that some shops that expect to collect money have some problems. Some shops aren't registered, they're small shops, and we don't know what to do to make them better. Because without registration, it cannot be developed and cannot be taxed. At the same time, I sympathize with the shop as well, reiterating that this kind of comparison does not criticize anyone. In private, I have stated my own reasons. As a fiscal executive, If not targeted, will there be enough in principle, Gen Prayuth said? budget The party's campaign policy believes that it will be delivered in time according to the framework set by the SEC, which has been completed for several days because it knows that there needs to be clarification on where the SAT comes from the budget and how it comes from. He is still the deputy of the Pheu Thai Party and goes a long way that it does not discourage the people, which is a matter for the people and the nation to get what will be next, which is the decision of the people. He was unable to do anything when asked if the campaign strategy needed to be adjusted to bring the party's popularity back to the top spot. Gen Prayuth said the most important thing is how to make people understand and cooperate. If the campaign is only for giving, what will happen in the future? A lot of things have happened, and have you ever gotten anything back? Therefore, today every country in the world Take specific approaches to taking care of people, groups that earn much, what they deserve, and what they deserve or what they deserve. If you say it all by yourself and people like it, it is the fate of the nation, then Gen. Prayuth went to the market to help the candidate. The Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, Chatuchak District, Bang Khen campaigned The atmosphere was lively as people and fans came to ask for photos and cheer along the way for a while. Gen. Prayuth spoke with a famous durian shop vendor in the market, saying that the old seller teased that he had been living for 30 years and had never received money from Uncle Tu and wanted to sell durian to Uncle Tu. Gen. Prayuth even turned to ask the team if they could buy it and pointed to the back that he would take care of it before the vendor handed the durian to him. Gen. Prayuth tasted it, which Gen. Prayuth tasted, and before asking how much kilograms were sold. The merchant replied that 12,000 baht Gen. Prayuth even shook the merchant's hand and asked if it was a diamond, so the merchant jokingly replied that it was a weapon in case anyone didn't speak in their ears. Gen. Prayuth even gave a thumbs up, and the merchant said he had been a farmer for a long time and a real farmer. Gen. Prayuth then praised this as a smart farmer and shook hands to admire the merchant. Gen. Prayuth arrives at the food court of the market. He apologized to the people who were having lunch, saying he sincerely apologized for not wanting to cause any noise. You're not going to eat well. What we saw today, I saw a lot more problems, especially trade, I will try to continue to do better, our problem today is that there is an imbalance between buyers and sellers. Lots of salespeople. The purchasing power is relatively small, but how to increase the purchasing power more to create a circular economy in the area, which we must discuss and all parties must work together consciously. This is the policy of our party. If it is done temporarily, it is the same. Before asking the public if they forgive. Today, to which the people replied that they forgive. The Prime Minister thanked everyone. Enjoy your meal afterwards. Gen. Prayuth walked to order the food himself. At the restaurant, the curry rice is delicious, which is a menu of bamboo shoots stir-fried with chicken, masman, stir-fried lettuce, palo, chai porn with eggs, related news. : Nida Poll backs "Ung-ing" sitting Prime Minister, "Pitha" ranks 2nd - "Prayuth" 3rd
"Rome" pointed out "long way" is going up, confident to penetrate the South successfully.|"Rangsimant" pointed out that the long step is up, ignoring the word "Pitha" as the Prime Minister of Social Society, confident that this election will definitely penetrate the southern MPs today (April 16, 2023). Rangsiman Rome, a spokesman for the Far Step Party, told Thai PBS that if you look at the results of the 1st and 2nd NIDA polls, there is a significant difference in the first time, "Ung-ing" Paethongtarn Shinawatra, a candidate for Prime Minister from the Pheu Thai Party, received 38.20 percent of the vote, the second time it fell to 35.70 percent, while "Tim" Pitha Limcharoenrat received 38.20 percent of the vote, while "Tim" Pitha Limcharoenrat received 38.20 percent of the vote for the second time. The candidate for prime minister from the Progressive Party scored 15.75 percent to 20.25 percent, and the NIDA poll was in line with other polls in the direction that the party's score improved significantly. He said that although Pitha was not ranked No. 1 in the Nida polls, do not forget that in the past, polls from other bureaus have given Pitha the No. 1 that people want to be prime minister. It was found that people are more open to the party's policies and positions. Pitha's recent bate and other party members have distinguished themselves from the basis of good party policies, helping the party gain more popular votes. The Progressive Party has proven its quality as an opposition party over the past 4 years and has created 300 policies for this election, which has made it more and more popular with the people for their opinion that Pitha can only be the "social prime minister" because he only has a lead in polls or good trends on social media. A spokesman for the Progressive Party commented on the matter, saying that many people see social media as a safe space to express their opinions and many people express their opinions through this channel rather than in everyday life. He said that such a controversy has been going on since the days of the New Future Party. Even if it gets this big, the party has more than 80 MPs, and if you don't find the odd formula of the SEC, the New Future Party must get it. The 88 MPs are the third party that may be able to form a government, so even if they are somewhat discouraged, the party will continue to work hard. "In the last election, The New Future Party doesn't have any MPs from the South. This area is therefore a challenging area for the Progressive Party, but this time the Party is confident that the Progressive Party will But he did not want to mention the name of the district or province because he feared that it would put local MPs at a disadvantage and have to work harder.Read more: Nida Poll backs "Ung-ing" sitting Prime Minister "Pitha" ranked 2nd - "Prayuth" 3rd
"Somsak" delighted with the results of the Prime Minister's candidacy poll for Thailand to increase the landslide actually happening|"Somsak" landed in Phitsanulok province to announce the collapse of the big house to extinction. After being confident, he doubled his chair. Poll of Prime Minister candidates for Thailand increased, landslide actually happened, while "Sutham" pointed out that the atmosphere is like when Thai Rak Thai formed the government today (April 16, 2023). Mr. Somsak Thepsutin, Pheu Thai Party leader and former Minister of Justice, along with Mr. Sutham Saengpratum, Pheu Thai Party leader and former minister Mr. Wiwattanachai Na Kalasin, Pheu Thai Party campaign assistant and former A multi-term congressman on the ground. Phitsanulok province to give a speech to help Miss Nattarat Champoonda, Phitsanulok MP candidate for District 1 No. 1, Pheu Thai Party. Mr. Sutham said that the Pheu Thai Party has its roots in the Thai Rak Thai Party, which has accomplished many policies such as the village fund that does not require the people to borrow outside the system, which is valid until now, but when he seized power, he did not want to help the poor, so he did not continue to water the village fund. No need to let the lieutenant colonel lead us anymore because in the past 8 years, we have been in trouble due to the economic downturn. Mr. Somsak said that today was a good opportunity to meet with the people to present the good policies of the Pheu Thai Party. Miss Nattarat Prasad said that she is sure that she will definitely be the star of the council because she speaks easily and is friendly, so she would like to ask for an opportunity to be a representative of Phitsanulok people. Popular parts of the Pheu Thai Party in each district. Confirming that it is second to none, but to maintain the flow, It must depend on the people's brothers and sisters. He had the opportunity to travel to many districts in the Lower North. Since he became an MP in 1983, he has not seen people like the policies of any political party as much as the Pheu Thai Party. Ms. Nattarat said, "We meet today because we have one heart, and 28 days will be until the day that will decide our future again. Faced with the problem of lower income. Agriculture is not profitable and you have to go into debt. We will pump the heart of the economy to recover with many policies, and after the economy is good, the quality of life must also be good. Drugs must be gone, marijuana is returned, and health system problems are eliminated, which does not have to wait for hospitals from 4 a.m., but until the examination is from afternoon to evening again, Mr. Somsak told the media after the speech. Regarding the overall visit to the lower northern region, he said that he had traveled with Mr. Sutham in 7 provinces 2 times each, which was proud because the people responded a lot to the policies of the Pheu Thai Party. Some provinces thought it was a closed city, but when they touched it, they found that the people's response was overwhelming. This ensures that the Pheu Thai Party will double the number of representatives in the lower North. The big house groups in each province are almost gone, making the word landslide come true, so from now on, there is more than 1 month to emphasize to the candidates, do not underestimate to go to the area continuously to present the party's policies and create understanding with the people. NIDA Poll Results He sees that the Pheu Thai Party's prime ministerial candidates have increased in popularity because we have 2 candidates who are on the list. Mr. Sutham said that the atmosphere of today's campaign It reminded him of the atmosphere during the Thai Rak Thai Party, which had presented its policies and the people's brothers and sisters responded so much that they were finally able to form a government. Therefore, the current trend of the Pheu Thai Party, similar to the days of the Thai Rak Thai Party, makes it evident that the power surged, plus Mr. Somsak, who is the government every time, came to help drive it, thus ensuring that it can win the landslide election because from the field, seeing the eyes of people who have put their hopes in the Pheu Thai Party, which is very pleasant because it is a real collaboration between the people and political parties that have joined together to build the People's Party. Causing big families in each province to lose their families for Thailand for sureRelated News: Nida Poll backs "Ung-ing" sitting Prime Minister "Pitha" ranks 2nd - "Prayuth" at 3rd "Settha" campaign for Ban Pong Won NHC Don't let anyone be undervalued, give away 10,000 cryptocurrency.
SAT disqualifies 71 district MPs from 31 provinces - Songkhla maximum 8 candidates|The SAT informs the results of the qualification examination of prohibited characteristics of applicants. District MPs have failed to endorse 71 candidates out of 4,781 candidates, who are disqualified can petition the Supreme Court within seven days today (April 16, 2023). Reporters reported that the SAT has concluded the candidacy for the constituency elections that ended on April 7 with 4,781 candidates across the country in 70 political parties. Such candidate may apply to the Supreme Court within 7 days from the date of publication of the list, without any fee for proceedings. Those who are not eligible to apply for election can file a petition at the office. In the case of applicants for zonal divisional lists, they can submit to the provincial SAT office within 7 days from the announcement of the list for provinces with no application report. There are 8 MPs in Songkhla constituency, 7 in Chiang Mai province without declaring candidates, and 5 in each province undeclared in Kalasin, Bangkok. Meanwhile, provinces with 4 candidates are Ubon Ratchathani, Nakhon Ratchasima, Nonthaburi, Satun, Phetchabun, 3 are not declared, and 2 provinces are Lamphun, Bueng Kan, Surin, Phayao, Rayong, and 1 province each is not declared as candidates. Suphan Buri, Chonburi, Kanchanaburi, Phatthalung, Nakhon Nayok, Saraburi, Buriram, Sakon Nakhon, Phichit, Khon Kaen, Samut Prakan, Chiang Rai, Mukdahan, Nakhon Sawan, Nong Bua Lamphu, Udon Thani and ChumphonRelated News: SEC disqualifies 1 candidate for prime minister, suggests he will appeal to court within 7 days if he disagrees with the SAT Set the color of 2 ballots. "Green" roster
"Economy" is not afraid of popular trends, "go far" hit shallow - people shout for the Prime Minister|"Settha" swings candidate for Bangkok MP to campaign for shopping mall in Liabduan Ramintra district Tell me not to dread the popular vote trend, the party went far and hit shallow. Continue to communicate party policies Meanwhile, people lined up to take photos and shouted for the Prime Minister today (April 16, 2023). Mr. Settha Thaveesin Prime Minister Candidate and Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand, Mrs. Puangpetch Chun-leang Chairman of the Bangkok Area Political Coordination Committee, along with Pheu Thai Party MP candidates such as Pol Phum Topography Candidate Constituency 15 Buengkum, Miss Sakawjai Poonsawat applicant Constituency 13 Lat Phrao, Mr. Pongsakorn Rattanaruangwattana applicant The MP for Constituency No. 14 Bangkapi visited the area to meet and ask for votes from the people of Bangkok at a shopping mall in Liabduan Ramintra district. Shoppers And vendors, including tourists, came to ask to take pictures with Mr. Settha. Mr. Setha spoke to the people who asked to take photos in a friendly manner along the way. Many people who came to ask for a photo with him called Mr. Setha "Prime Minister, please take a picture with the Prime Minister, definitely choose for Thailand, have been waiting for the choice for a long time", etc. Dogs can be brought into the mall, so there are some people who ask to take pictures. Ask about dog and cat public space policy. To which Mr. Settha replied that at present, housing in Bangkok is cramped, where animals are few. If Thailand were the government, it would make public spaces more pet-friendly. You can get your pets out of the house after you go to the area. Mr. Settha said that although the party's trend has become shallow, we will continue to communicate policies, especially in the Bangkok area, including the 10,000 baht digital money policy, the voluntary policy for military service, as well as the policy to increase pet-friendly public spaces, as well as the policy on solving the PM 2.5 dust problem. Mr. Settha drove a Fiat 500, an electric private car, from home by himself. In another field trip with related news. : Nida Poll backs "Ung-ing" sitting Prime Minister, "Pitha" ranks 2nd - "Prayuth" 3rd
Prosecutors postpone hearing on Senator Upkit's case after applying for justice|Prosecutors postpone hearing on charges of money laundering in drug cases Upkit appealed to the Attorney General to investigate the money laundering of other companies receiving money from Tun Min Lat and claimed they were politically persecuted today (April 17, 2023). Reporters reported that after Mr. Kosolwat Induchanyong A deputy spokesman for the Attorney General's Office said at the end of the month. Last March Senator Upkit Pajariyangkur has been charged with three counts of conspiracy to launder money, money laundering and participation in a transnational criminal organization in connection with the case of Tun Min Lat, a Myanmar arms dealer. The prosecutor has already received an investigation statement from the investigating officer of Narcotics Suppression Police Headquarters 3, who has scheduled a hearing on the case today (April 17) to decide whether to comment on whether to indict the accused. Mr. Kosolwat He said the hearing had been postponed today because Upkit had submitted a request for justice to the Attorney General. On April 3, Mr. Upkit stated that the money in the account allegedly was drug money. In addition to the accounts associated with Mr. Upkit, There are also transfers to many leading companies in Thailand, including state enterprises in the country. However, the investigation team rejected charges against Mr. Upkit and asked for justice for the Attorney General to investigate whether it was political persecution because he had given the building of land to the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. He recently rented the building land for the party office, adding that the prime minister is seen as a senator, which is seen as a political attack to affect other people. He said that the application for fairness this time. As a result, the prosecutor will have to submit the matter to the investigating officer for consideration together with the investigation working group set up by the prosecutor. Therefore, it is necessary to postpone the case today (April 17).
"Piyabutr" admitted to the charge under Section 116. |"Piyabutr" travels to Nang Leng police station acknowledged charges of sedition under Section 116 after being arrested by former advisor to the Chief Ombudsman Litigation Today (17 April 2023) Mr. Piyabutr Sangkanokkul Progressive Party Campaign Assistant The lawyer met with the investigating officer of Nang Loeng police station to acknowledge the charge of inciting disturbance in the city under Section 116. The former advisor to the Ombudsman chairman filed a complaint in 2021 without disclosing the circumstances of any kind of wrongdoing. He revealed that he had not known about it until he returned from his campaign in the Northeast. It was found that a summons had been sent to the house. It was submitted on March 7, which is a case that was filed 2 years ago without knowing what it is. However, since the campaign is currently underway, the investigating officer requested to postpone the campaign but the investigating officer refused. It claims that campaigners in each party have multiple teams. The presence of the investigating officer would not affect the party's campaign. As a result, the provincial campaign had to be postponed to meet with the investigating officer today. Mr. Piyabutr did not want to see whether the investigating officer issued a summons to report the charges after 2 years had political implications or not. However, the optimism is that the investigating officer has exercised full discretion for up to 2 years to consider the issuance of the summons, it will wait to see if after the investigating officer has fully exercised his discretion, which statements will be considered sedition, and if the case is dismissed in the prosecution and court, then the exercise of the investigating officer's discretion is wrong. From past statistics, it was found that many cases filed under Section 116 were all dismissed, and will the case be filed against Mr. Nathaporn or not? Mr. Piyabutr said he did not want to sue anyone, especially for defamation, but if it was for making false statements, he would consider it first. Always be careful when expressing your opinions and ensure that all statements spoken do not fall under the charge of sedition. Piyabutr also said that Section 116 of the law has a very broad scope of serious security charges. As if Thai citizens have had this much trouble with the Thai state, or even so many complaints, it means that the law itself must have problems, and the use of this law has problems. The prosecutor postponed the hearing on the case of "Senator Upkit" after applying for justice.
Know "2 ballots" before going to the polling booth May 14|The SEC recommends getting to know 2 "purple-green" ballots to prevent confusion before going to the polling booth on May 14 today (April 17, 2023). Facebook Page Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Post an image with text He said he knew 2 ballots before going to the polling booth before going out to vote to understand to prevent confusion in voting. In this election, there are 2 ballots, namely the constituency MP ballot and the 2 ballot list MPs ballot. Candidate number and field for cross without candidate name and party logo 2nd : The MP election ballot (green) has the symbol or mark of the political party and the party name on the ballot on 14 May 2023 at 08.00-17.00 hrs. Ballot box Choose your loved ones and choose your favorite party. Set the color of 2 ballots. List of "green" SAT Disqualification of 71 District MPs from 31 provinces - Songkhla maximum 8 candidates
"Seri" pointed out that the senator elected the last prime minister must be very careful.|While many political parties are campaigning intensively for elections every weekend, it has been noted by many parties that the winning party may not form a government or may get a prime minister from the minority party in the House because there are variables from the joint vote to choose the prime minister of Senator 1 in the Senate predicts that after the May 14 election, the process of choosing the prime minister in the House will not have many options and senators will discuss before voting based on the conditions of decency and taking into account the peace and order of the country today (April 17, 2023). Mr. Seri Suwanpanon, Senator Indicating the trend of voting to elect the prime minister of senators, there are many factors that affect the decision of senators, both the timing and the situation that is different from the election in 2019. Unlike the 2019 elections, the idea of some senators who tend to elect a prime minister on the list of winning parties is the reason for each senator, but believes that it should not be the only principle used to make decisions. Because if it is based on only a majority vote in the House, there would be no need for senators to participate in the selection of the prime minister, so the duty of senators to choose the prime minister for the last time must be very careful. If a unilateral MP gets more than 300 votes, what happens is a parliamentary dictatorship and the people may not be able to accept it. Senators may now be divided into factions, but in the end, the election results will decide and senators will discuss again before voting on who will be the prime minister. Read more: Piyabutr acknowledges charges under Section 116Prosecutor postpones hearing on "Senator Upkit" case after applying for justice 
ACT unveils '10 years of cheating cases' of politicians, signals NCPO election|ACT unveils data on corruption cases of politicians in 10 years, finds 61 cases and 68 politicians commit crimes from both large and small parties Forming a network with regular government officials in hopes of raising awareness among the people hurt and remembered. Do not elect corrupt people to run the country today (April 17, 2023). The Anti-Corruption Organization (Thailand) or ACT has published the "10-Year Report on Cheating Cases of Thai Politicians". Judgments by the Supreme Court, Criminal Division of Political Office Holders and the Criminal Court for Corruption and Misconduct during 2012 To date, there have been 61 cases and 68 politicians have committed crimes. auspicious vision The ACT Secretary-General revealed that 61 cases could be classified according to the nature of the offence. And for politicians, 68 here mean MPs, senators, the NRA, Ministers from small parties, big parties, both the government and the opposition, this information is a lesson in the corruption caused by corruption by politicians. The organization is prepared in good faith and does not want to deliberately slander anyone, all of this is a matter of learning together to find a way to prevent a recurrence. The Secretary-General of the Anti-Corruption Organization said that in general, large-scale corruption cases are often backed by politicians, networked and involving government officials. However, it was found that most of them were government officials who were prosecuted, such as unless the case had strong evidence that they were by politicians. The cases identified as damaging to the country in 10 years include not only that, but only 8 cases related to procurement, procurement and auction. The total damage is about 52 billion baht each year due to scandals and complaints against the company. But only a fraction of them were identified and convicted and convicted of crimes in all ministries and government agencies equally, not limited to the fact that the guilty had to be ministers with executive powers, but MPs, commissioners and networks could be linked. And politicians, both elected and appointed, have the same chance of corruption. Mr. Mana said the report also provides interesting information that in 2021, there were no cases where the NACC found politicians guilty, and in the 2023 elections, many politicians who were charged with corruption returned to run for election as MPs. It was found that politicians had reported their assets to be more or less abnormally wealthy. The strange behavior of politicians when a lawsuit arises or implies that there will be a lawsuit, such as registering a divorce from a spouse, changing name and surname, etc., and having a case of a former prime minister. The ACT Secretary-General said it was difficult to assess because it was not possible to calculate the ongoing damage that affected agencies and citizens, such as poor or delayed purchases by the state, resulting in obstacles or inferior quality of public services, as well as economic damages. Trade injustice or conflict in society followed.
"Uncle Pom" wishes FC good luck in Thai New Year and is blessed back as "30th Prime Minister"|Uncle Pom Talk Shop Operator After the Songkran festival, ensuring that the economy will continue to improve, fans asked for tight photos. May I be the 30th Prime Minister.
Today (17 Apr 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party Travel to a shopping mall in Soi Rangnam To ask restaurant operators about trading during the Songkran festival, Gen. Prawit asked the operators. With concern and encouragement, I hope that the situation from now on. Trade economic conditions will improve. More tourists came in and also visited and talked to various shops as well. To which the vendors replied in the same voice that the trade began to improve continuously while visiting the shops. "Uncle Pom" and tourists came to ask for many photos, which Gen. Prawit took photos with fans with friendliness. Before returning home, he wished his fans good luck in the Thai New Year by reading more :ACT releases data on "10 years of cheating cases" of politicians, signals the NCPO to recognize "2 ballots" before going to the polling booth May 14
"Rome" Disappointed, NSA postponed appointment "Senator Upkit" worried about leading to case dropping|Rangsiman Rome, spokesman for the Progressive Party. Disappointed with the Attorney General's order In the case of postponement of the hearing of the case "Senator Upkit", worried about leading to the dismissal of the case, repeating the case of Boss-Yuwittaya today (April 17, 2023) Rangsiman Rome, a spokesman for the Progressive Party, said the Attorney General had postponed the hearing of Senator Upkit Pajriyangkur's case, which was originally scheduled for today, to be postponed indefinitely due to Senator Upkit's request for justice. Stating that it is necessary to examine the company information related to more than 80 Senator Upkits, Rangsiman said these 2 matters do not need to be combined. If combined, it should be combined with the case of Tun Min Lat, a Myanmar businessman who has already been indicted for drug-related offences and money laundering. Seeing that if the prosecutor acts like this, society will question the transparency and help those involved in drug trafficking cases and does not want the matter to repeat the case of Mr. Worayut or Boss Yuvithaya. Myanmar Media Senior Gen. Min Aung Hlaing reported. Leader of Myanmar coup d'état Attempts were made to negotiate with Thai authorities to withdraw his daughter's name from Tun Min Lat's case, which was linked to the case. Senator Upkit, a spokesman for the Progressive Party, thinks that the Thai government must be fair to this issue. Do not let other governments interfere in the judicial process while alluding to the work of the NAPO and the PPP for doing nothing against their children's assets. Senior Gen. Min Aung Hlaing may be questioned whether the Thai government has a stake in drug trafficking and violence in Myanmar.Read more :Prosecutor postpones hearing on Senator Upkit's case after applying for justice "10 years of cheating cases" of politicians reveals NCPO election signals 
At the end of the election, many political parties rushed to adjust their campaign strategies.|Many political parties have already used the opportunity during Songkran to go ahead with the election campaign and then resume their final campaign strategy before the election. Meanwhile, the RTTC released a new campaign clip and PTT launched a public health policy to appease the MCO and the NHS today (April 17, 2023), Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, announced the welfare policy of village health volunteers and Bangkok Public Health volunteers. Anutin reiterated that the essence of the policy will be to push for the law to establish the National Institute of Public Health Volunteers to promote public health and improve the quality of life. MCO and OSU lend 100,000 baht interest-free and pay funeral expenses MCO of the Thai National Building Party released a video clip asking for people's votes. Both people and parties are elected by Thanakorn Wangboonkongchana, deputy head of the RTTC. He said the clip was made to remind people to choose their party's zonal MPs and ask them to choose MPs on the list as well in order to get a prime minister named Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, and the RTTC is reportedly in the process of briefing the campaign strategy in the final stretch, especially Gen Prayuth's field trip and the opening of the main speech stage. who are prepared to launch more sound strategies after the Songkran holiday. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Party leader Spend the weekend dining at a department store on Soi Rangnam and greet restaurant operators with questions and ask for votes for the PDP. The Pheu Thai Party, led by Phaethongtarn Shinawatra, head of the Pheu Thai family and its leader, will launch its final election campaign strategy tomorrow. Nattawut Saiyakue, director of Families for Thai, announced that he is preparing to visit the area and give a speech in Roi Et, Kalasin, Khon Kaen and Udon Thani provinces this week for the For the Nation Party. Nongkhai speech stage "Lung Pom" wishes FC good luck in Thai New Year and is blessed back as "30th Prime Minister"
"Pitha" Chu 10 years old Isaan healed - healed until Nongkhai Speech Forum|"Pitha Limcharoenrat" Nongkhai speech upholding the policy of Isaan to heal pain and heal until in the next 10 years If it is the government, it can push for the election of the chief minister himself, transferring the power of the provincial administration within 5 days. Today (17 April 2023) Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way, along with the candidates. List of MPs and campaign assistants of the Progressive Party joined the speech stage. Introducing candidates and far-reaching party policies at Nong Khai province in the morning. Open the stage in front of the temple T.Naimuang, Muang District, Nongkhai Pitha Province, said that the Northeast What we have seen all this time is that in the whole House, we have 132 Isaan MPs out of 500, or one-third of the parliament, but the question is, why does Isaan still hurt? There are many water sources, but why is the drought repeated? That means that Thailand's political and democratic system is definitely in trouble. Must be elected governor of his own province. The problem is solved in the hands of the people, and if the party becomes the government, a referendum will be held immediately. Asked if the people agreed to abolish the provincial government and transfer the power of provincial administration to the local authorities in all provinces within 5 years, the party leader went a long way. Economic problems, debt problems, public health and quality of life indicators of all people of the Northeast region are always more than 2 times behind Thailand as a whole, such as Nong Khai province, which is a province that focuses on border economy, which in the past was only "cross-border trade" and not "border trade", just a passage of goods from abroad to Laos, coming to Laem Chabang, passing through Nong Khai, and then passing to Laos. What is lacking is a trade hub in the Northeast, if the border economy is to truly be border trade, SMEs in the border provinces must be stronger, and the party has several policies to promote SMEs along with the creation of a welfare state along with the creation of Thailand's own technology that will lead to new industries and new employment just by waking everyone up in the morning with clean water. Sending your kids to school is actually free. Wherever you go, you have public transportation, you have a good job near your home. You don't have to travel far to find a job, and in the evening, you can come home and eat with your whole family. Don't wait to meet each other every holiday This is a simple goal. Don't think about the intangible elegant numbers. Pitha concluded reading more: "Rome" disappointed, OSO postponed appointment "Senator Upkit" worried about leading to the dismissal of the case "Uncle Pom" wishes FC good luck in Thai New Year and is blessed back as "30th Prime Minister"
Stretcher "State Area" to the hospital.|Stretcher "State area" to the hospital urgently. Heavy abdominal pain, blood transfusions, little rest. The doctor ordered the admission after he continued to force into the area today (April 17, 2023). Reporters reported that the state district, the moral officer, the candidate Zonal MP Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (son of Mr. Anek Lao Thammatat The Minister was suddenly hospitalized while preparing to campaign in On Nut district by the state. The doctor then admitted him to the hospital and injected him with medication to treat the initial symptoms along with blood tests and found inflammation in the body and gastrointestinal problems. This is expected to be the result of little rest and inadequate diet, however. This past evening, The state continued to forcibly ride on the float to continue campaigning in On Nut and Thonglor districts until he recently had a blood transfusion and had to return to the hospital for treatment again. The doctor is in the process of assessing the initial symptoms and admitted him to the hospital for treatment. Reporters reported that the state district was in the process of scoring heavily because of the Khlong Toei-Wattana constituency. There is quite a lot of competition among political parties and it is an area that is being watched a lot.Read more: Piyabutr admitted to charges under Section 116 of the "2 ballots" before going to the polling booth on May 14.
"Jurin" boarded the Bangkapi campaign car, believing the NCPO received better feedback.|"Jurin" Lui Bangkapi asks for support for "Prabhu Chatpraphachai" and "Captain Michael" rides a motorcycle to help his friends campaign for fans to take pictures. Affirming Democrat never left the people of Bangkok, believing it will be better received today (April 17, 2023). Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Leader of the Democratic Party, Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon, Deputy Party Leader Prof.Dr.Suchatvee Suwansawat Chairman of the Bangkok Policy Working Group Mrs. Darunwan Charnpipattanachai The party's deputy spokesman boarded a float to Bangkapi district to ask for support for the MP candidate for Constituency 14, Wang Thonglang, Bangkapi, Mr. Praprit Chatpraphachai No. 1, along with former MP candidates and campaign team at Bang Kapi Market. Market vendors greeted Mr. Churin with familiarity and wished him good luck and never forgotten Democrat No. 26. Mr. Jurin then picked up acacia tablets and told the team, "My house is called Satawbao or Mini Sataw. Green smell just as good" In addition, when Mr. Jurin walked past the fruit vendors. Noticing the small red fruit, he approached and said, "I found a mini-sataw. Now I found Mini Lychee, sweet chick, sleepy since yesterday, wake up", and while Mr. Jurin and his group walked to meet and greet the people. Mr. Panpisut Nuraj Democratic candidate for Kannayao Buengkum District No. 1, who normally works as a pilot but today drives a motorcycle to campaign with Mr. Jurin. Mr. Jurin said in an interview that Bangkapi district is the former Democratic area where we have many representatives. The latest is Nat Norm, so the party has a large number of original voting bases. From walking to meet the villagers today. Many are Democrat fans, and many have said they will choose Democrat No. 26 in the upcoming elections. The Democratic Party has sent Mr. Praprit Chatpraphachai, who is a potential candidate and very qualified, is a lawyer with a degree in Thammasat Law, a master's degree in law from Cornell University and a bar association, and is a law professor at ABAC University, which will be an important force for the Democratic Party and represent the people of Bangkapi. Still standing with the party and wants to come back to elect the Democratic Party again. We have proven that even though the Democrats do not have an MP in Bangkok, we have never left the people of Bangkok and have been working together for happiness continuously. These things are in the hearts of the people of Bangkok, so when it comes time for the election, it is believed that the Democrats will be better received. Related News: Know "2 Ballots" Before Going to the Election Booth May 14
"Jurin" sets up "baby bear" to sit as deputy spokesperson of the NCPO - On a one-day tour in 3 provinces May 19 |"Jurin" Sign "Baby Bear Supermodel" as Deputy Spokesperson of the Democratic Party, Reinforce Party Communications Team Meanwhile, on April 19, the same day three provinces Ratchaburi - Samut Songkhram - Phetchaburi patrol march to meet the people today (April 18, 2023). Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit The head of the Democratic Party (PDP) has appointed Ms. Rasami Thongsiripraisri, who is the deputy spokesperson of the Democratic Party, added one person to complement the party's communication team for the upcoming elections. The important thing is that it is a good political institution that has never been tainted with corruption and has been sustainable with the Thai people for a long time. For this reason, he wants to bring his knowledge and abilities in society and human development to work with the Democratic Party to help the people. Deputy spokesman for the Democratic Party said on Wednesday, April 19, 2023. Mr. Churin is preparing to bring "Churin On Tour" to Ratchaburi - Samut Songkhram - Phetchaburi provinces to meet with the people and open a small speech platform which will start on the morning of Wednesday, April 19, 2023 to meet the people at Muang and Damnoen Saduak districts. Then continue to Maeklong Fresh Market. In the afternoon and will conclude the "Jurin" On Tour activity at Ban Tanote Noi. In the evening, to meet the people and open the stage of Mrs. Darunwan's sub-speech. He added that Mr. Jurin, as the leader of the party, has devoted a lot of effort to helping the candidates. The Democratic Party has united its leaders, former party leaders, party secretaries, and candidate teams to achieve victory in the upcoming elections. Although in some areas they are new candidates, they are considered to have the potential and are ready to represent the people. : "Jurin" boarded the Bangkapi campaign car, believing the NCPO received better feedback to know "2 ballots" before entering the polling booth on May 14.
"Srisuwan" Singing "For Thailand" exam|"Srisuwan" Rong Tong investigated the Pheu Thai Party, campaigning to distribute 550 billion baht of digital money to Thai people. Citing the risk of undermining the state's fiscal discipline system as required by law today (April 18, 2023). Janya, Secretary General, Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association Submit a petition to the Governor of the Auditor General of Thailand The petitioner asked for the exercise of powers under Section 244 of the 2017 Constitution, comprising Section 6, Section 7, Section 8, Section 53, Section 54 of the National Audit Act B.E. 2561 (2018) to investigate whether the campaign policy of political parties to distribute about 550 billion baht of digital money to Thai people risks undermining the state's fiscal discipline system as required by law. Pheu Thai and Pheu Thai Party's prime ministerial candidates campaigned by distributing 10,000 baht each to 55 million Thais aged 16 and over to motivate voters to vote for Pheu Thai and its candidates. This may be an action that violates many laws and may cause severe consequences or damage to the interests of the broader public, both positively and negatively, and has been heavily criticized for having a significant impact on the fiscal discipline of the state. This may be contrary to the State Fiscal Discipline Act 2018 and the Budget Procedures Act 2018. People cannot take the Election Commission (SEC). Yes, because I'm too busy traveling abroad to check elections. It is only the Governor of the Auditor General of Thailand who can find answers for the Thai people because Section 244 of the 2017 Constitution stipulates that the Governor of the Auditor General of Thailand has the power and duty to examine spending policies that may prevent the election from being conducted honestly or impartially by submitting an opinion or notifying the Election Commission (SEC). and the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) and other related agencies. The SAT and the NACC have made it easier to diagnose the campaign policy on how it will affect the state's fiscal discipline and other related laws. The Association of Thai Constitutional Protection Organizations has complained to the Governor of the Auditor General of Thailand to request that they exercise their powers under the Constitution and the National Audit Act 2561 to investigate the Pheu Thai Party's 10,000-baht cryptocurrency distribution policy as potentially illegal on the fiscal discipline of the state? If there is a risk, it is wise to notify the relevant authorities to take action in accordance with their authority to suspend or restrain potential financial damages. The fiscal of such a state is broken, read related news "Jurin". Set up "baby bear" to sit as deputy spokesperson of the NCPO - On a one-day tour in 3 provinces May 19
Analysis: Poll shows liberal polarity leaves conservative pole "Settha" overtaking "Prayuth"|There's no denying that polls have played a huge role in almost every election. This is especially true in polling groups with high reliability costs, such as NIDA Poll of the Institute of Development Administration. Only about half or about 50 MPs out of 100 plus or minus only 2-3, but interestingly, the Progressive Party rose about 4 percent, from 17 percent to almost 22 percent, as a result of the popularity of the younger generation and those who want to see rapid political change. For example, in the case of 10,000 baht cryptocurrency. This resonates with both the new generation in the digital world and also the general foundation group if this is the case. Chances of conservatives or previous governments forming a government to run the country. There will be quite a few possibilities, even with the sound. The senator is in the hands of 250 votes. Senators are important, even if they can scramble to form a government. Instead, it will be a minority government immediately, and it will be filed a motion of no trust in the government. It is inevitable to fall out of government if you look at the Prime Minister's candidacy, whether it is from the NIDA poll or the results of the polls of 2 media giants in journalism, namely Matichon and the Daily News. The prime minister's candidacy from the opposition pole is still leading, including Pitha Limcharoenrat who leads the No. 1 position with 29.4 percent, followed by "Ung Ing". Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra with 23.2 percent and Mr. Settha Thaweesin with 23.2 percent. He overtook Gen Prayuth at 16.6 percent to 13.7 percent, while Nida polled. In the 2023 election, Ung Ing still leads by 35.7 percent, although it is down from the first time, while Pitha got 20.2 percent, Gen Prayuth ranked third at 13.6 percent and Settha rose to 6 percent. Gen. Prayuth while polling by Matichon and Daily News Popular Rating Gen Prayuth also lost to Setha by 3 percent, between 16.6 and 13.7 percent. Gen. Prayuth began to face the temple, walking more Mu lines. Instead of campaigning in 2-3 provinces a day, as Settha and Pheu Thai are doing now, one of the key factors contributing to the rise or decline in the popular vote of candidates from 3 parties and 2 poles is their personality either on the stage or off the stage when giving interviews to the media. Gen. Prayuth continues to look the same, with repercussions, irony and counterattacks to opponents that do not change, even about 10 thousand baht in cryptocurrency. He immediately blurted out where he would get the money from, but for Mr. Settha, it was the opposite, almost never showing an aggressive reaction. In addition to showing humility, Gen. Prayuth often reiterates his younger age. He is mature and willing to accept criticism to improve, which has always been the character of the politician of the Thai people's dreams, but it is all about the story and the results of the polls of the past day. There are still 26-27 days left for changes or political complications. Singing "For Thailand" exam to distribute digital money "Churin" set up "baby bear" to sit as deputy spokesperson of the NCPO - On a one-day tour in 3 provinces May 19
Start today! Check your voter turnout 2023 through 3 channels|The SAT invites voters to check the list of MPs through 3 channels starting from April 18 today (April 18, 2023). The 2023 House of Representatives general election is open for voter checking, which is scheduled for Sunday, May 14, 2023 from 08:00 to 17:00 as the election day, and the pre-election date for Sunday, May 7, 2023. Check the list of voters in person at the polling place. City Hall, District Office, District Office, Subdistrict Administration Organization Office Municipal offices, chiefs' offices, or communities near the house2. Check the list of voters at the website of the Office of Registration Management www.bora.dopa.go.th or via the Smart Vote application 24 hours a day.3. To the district registrar or local registrar for online voter list verification. This can be done quickly and easily. Just fill in your 13-digit ID card number to access the information you are entitled to. Election date, province and eligible district The place to vote when going to vote has a number of prohibitions that constitute an illegal act, punishable by both imprisonment and fine. The prohibitions are as follows:1. Do not use a card other than the ballot received from the officer. 2. Do not put a ballot in the ballot box without lawful authority or do anything to cast a ballot in addition to the truth. 3. Do not remove ballots from polling stations.4. Do not make other marks or symbols on the ballot.5. Do not take photos of absentee ballots. 6. Do not present absentee ballots to others.7. Do not damage or make a valid ballot.Related News: SAT kicks off election preparation 66
SAT kicks off election preparation 66|SAT kicks off election preparation for 66 elections "Ittiporn" confirms all departments are ready to hold elections in an honest and fair manner, reveals overseas visits to prepare for overseas elections The budget has been confirmed to have passed through the House of Commons, while 32 election-related complaints have been filed today (18 April 2023). Mr. Ittiporn Boonprakhong Chairman of the Election Commission Launch a campaign The election of members of the House of Representatives will take place on May 14 under the kick off activity "Thai Vote The main objective is to encourage voters and all sectors to be ready in 3 aspects: readiness to study information about elections, readiness to participate in the election process, and readiness to go out and exercise their right to vote with quality with the cooperation of government agencies such as the Ministry of Interior. Ministry of Education Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation Ministry of Social Development and Human Security The Ministry of Public Health, Bangkok and the private sector Mr. Ittiporn would like to thank representatives from both public and private sectors. From all sectors who sacrificed themselves and their affiliated personnel to support the successful election according to the will of the people. And it is the people's election. Therefore, I would like to assure everyone that the SEC and related agencies are ready to move forward to make this election honest, fair and lawful and facilitate the exercise of rights for all voters equally. In South Africa, Kenya and Morocco, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it was a trip to check voters' readiness to conduct pre-elections outside the Kingdom to ensure that the elections were conducted honestly and fairly, and to ensure that the ballots cast were returned in time for the election. The ballots must be returned by May 9 for sorting and counting in time, Mr. Ittiporn said. Kenya and Morocco are three of the seven embassies that will oversee the 57 African countries where there are many Thais, which will facilitate overseas voters to exercise their full rights, either by mail to vote at embassies or at the places that each country will provide. At the same time, there are about 13 countries where diplomatic staff will come to deliver ballots on their own because there are no airlines that can fly directly to Thailand or may take a long time, such as South Africa and Latin American countries. If there are urgent matters to consider, online meetings can be held, such as in the past when candidate names were certified, it was an online meeting, confirming that they are ready to work anywhere, even when they are not in the office. On this trip to see the event. Mr. Ittiporn confirmed that when elections are held, the budget will be set aside for travel abroad. To check the readiness for overseas elections already by the office. The SAT will manage the budget, which has already been approved by the House of Representatives. Mr. Ittiporn also confirmed that the two ballots were revealed to have two different colors and the method of printing was in accordance with the regulations and that all ballots were printed with security and security in a confidential layer that could be verified as real or counterfeit. At the same time, it is kept safe at the printing house, the security room is guarded by staff and CCTV 24/7. Just as ballots are sent to other provinces, they are staffed around the clock as well, and election complaints so far have come in. 32 matters were divided into 15 cases of slander and 8 cases of vote buying. Does the SAT have the authority to consider the investigation? If accepted, it is accepted that most of them will not be completed before Election Day because it takes time to examine witness information and evidence. The SAT chairman reiterated that those who have not registered to vote in advance must go to the polls on May 14, but if they are unable to travel, they can report the reason why they cannot exercise their rights through various channels before and after the election day. Disqualification of 71 District MPs from 31 provinces - Songkhla maximum 8 candidates 
Keep an eye on the "250 votes" of the Senate after the election.|Although many polls suggest that PT has the popular vote leading to No. 1, not all poll answers are parliamentary answers. When what needs to be watched is the 250 votes of the Senate that must be voted on to end this prestigious function. "For Thailand" poll results are summed up, winning the election, but the landslide does not exist. "Paethongtarn Shinawatra" is the most suitable for the prime minister's seat, followed by "Pitha Limcharoenrat" and Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha. Will the polls flip again? In the final stretch of the campaign, each party announced a strategic revision, but above all, 250 votes of the Senate to elect the prime minister. After the election to watch especially In the midst of the trend, will the Senate intervene, or will the Senate itself interfere with the outcome of the election, or will it violate the consensus of the people through the election? The first answer from Prof. Pornpetch Vichitcholchai, President of the Senate, was in an interview confirming that but in reality, "250 senators." Mr. Seri Suwanpanon pointed out that there are "many conditions-factors" that affect the decision making because even the political parties have "changed-split-split" before pointing out that the vote to elect the prime minister must choose someone who does not cause problems. When a majority of votes are obtained. It must also be noted that if there are too many votes in the House, there may be a parliamentary dictatorship, but if it gets too few votes, it will not be stable, so even if the election results are decisive, they are not the only reason to make decisions. It will depend on the mechanisms and systems designed by the Senate to vote for the prime minister. It remains to be seen how the Senate will vote for the prime minister. In the next 26 days, each political party has launched its final campaign strategy. In the midst of speculation that politics and elections are heating up even more, and they have to win, but "polls" are "polls", not election results, in which voters must make choices based on their individual political will. Don't get caught up in polls analyzed by: Saowalak Read more news: Hack Thailand 2032 Idea Explosion and Transform Thailand Kick Off Election Preparation 66
"Prayuth" satisfied with economic recovery Ignore the poll results - don't want to fight with anyone.|The Prime Minister thanked all parties for taking care of the situation during the Songkran Festival, ensuring the country's finances, economic stability, and tourism recovery. The DEA is closely monitoring PM 2.5. Polls change every day. It is not seen as a conflict and will not conflict with anyone today (April 18, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister He stated after the cabinet meeting that the economic situation in the country has recovered well, both tourism and foreign affairs. He thanked all the officials who took care of the people tirelessly, and the troops along the border also faced a difficult situation, and the Songkran situation was reported at the Cabinet meeting about the statistics of accidents that may be increasing, but the fatalities are decreasing. Most accidents are caused by speeding, especially motorcycles. For recent travel issues, Agoda ranked Khon Kaen as a destination in Asia Pacific. Which is something to be proud of. Other provinces have seen a surge in tourism and tourists, but the important thing is to take care of safety and health and has instructed the Pollution Control Department to monitor the problem of PM 2.5 fine particulate matter, which all parties must be careful and do not do anything illegal, including cooperation with neighboring countries. Indicating the results of the polls, the preparation of polls is said to be the same because they change every day. He did not see it as a conflict because he never had a conflict with the media. Do not conflict with any group of people or conflict with anyone, except in the case of people who break the law must be prosecuted, which all countries have rules and laws that operate the same as the use of force to end violence, but Thailand is considered the lightest. But if anyone commits a crime, they must be punished because the country is made up of many groups of people. If you still hate and do not trust each other, the country cannot go with asking to see that Thailand has changed a lot, such as having many electric train lines, but some people have never noticed or failed to catch up. I don't see the hardships of the past, but today I want something better. The government does not just look at one group, but takes care of all groups, so let's look at these things as well.
Hack Thailand 2032 Launches Explosion and Transforms Thailand|"Hack Thailand 2032: 48 Hours: Transforming Thailand into a Post-Election Future", a process that presents solutions to problems in various dimensions of the country by the people, organized by Thai PBS in collaboration with network partners, includes: National Innovation Agency (NIA), Thai Startup Trade Association, Office of the Science, Research and Innovation Promotion Board (NIA), National Directorate for Health Affairs (Helsedirektoratet), National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA), Friedrich Nauman Foundation Thailand (FNF), Thai Health Promotion Foundation (HSF), Institute of Social Research, Chulalongkorn University, Youth In Charge Leadership Academy, UNDP, The Institute of Community Organization Development (Public Organization) and the Institute of Anakot Thai Studies to obtain a "post-election vision" that aims to solve real national problems and pass them on to the new government. Waewweerakupt Director, Center for Social Agenda Communication and Public Policy Thai PBS shares its vision of the future by organizing public hearings in 8 areas in all regions, which is the precursor of 9 missions, 6 issues and 12 topics that led to the Policy Hackathon today. The first election was held in 1933 and on May 14 it will be the 27th election if the government has worked continuously until the end of the term, that is, 4 years, but the people stayed longer, so we did what we call Post Election because our future is 4 seconds beyond the election and 4 years of government. Director of the Center said Prof. Rakpong Wongsaroj Vice President for Research and Academic Services, NIDA, one of the key academic forces supporting this event, said, "We have used the results of academic studies from the past 5 years, which have images of Thailand in various dimensions, as a challenge to talk to villagers to see what Thailand will be like in the future, between "not adaptable", "indefinitely" or "transitional" in 6 important areas of Thailand's future. Research Director, Forward-Looking Forecasting The Institute of Thai Future Studies said it would like participants to use data collected from eight areas to look for the future they wish for in the next 10 years as a starting point for process design. projects, guidelines or policy proposals to obtain A vision that responds to Reno Meyer, the UN Development Programme representative to Thailand, said: "In a democratically governed country, Elections are a critical moment. A time for the public to express their opinions. But another important thing is that we listen to the needs of the people as well, so voting will not only be about who the people like, but also listening to the people's own ideas and vision for society. This is an activity organized by our partner Thai PBS called Hack Thailand, an activity that invites people to discuss and issue policy ideas on the 12 topics selected "Hack Thailand 2032: 48 Hours: Transforming Thailand to the Future After Election". To co-formulate the policy, the country executives can follow the live broadcast on Facebook@ThaiPBS and The Active and watch Hack Thailand 2032 with 48 hours to transform Thailand. On 29 and 30 April 2023 at 10.05 p.m. on Thai PBS Channel 3 or watch live on www.thaipbs.or.th/live website and watch the replay at www.thaipbs.or.th/HackThailand2575 
constitutional court Standing command "Sak Siam" Stop performing ministerial duties.|The Constitutional Court dismissed Saksiam's petition seeking to revoke the order to stop performing ministerial duties. No additional facts have been identified which would cause the change of the original order. Today (18 Apr 2023) The Constitutional Court dismissed Mr. Saksiam Chidchob's petition. Minister of Transport In the case of the request to revoke the order to stop performing ministerial duties, the Constitutional Court considered that there were no additional facts which would cause the change of the order to stop performing the original duties. Therefore, the petition was dismissed and informed Mr. Saksiam in connection with the petition of the Speaker of the House of Representatives. The petition of the opposition political party asking the Constitutional Court to rule on the ministership of Mr. Saksiam Chidchob. Minister of Transport Whether or not Section 170 paragraph (5) of the Constitution is terminated in conjunction with Article 187 of the Constitution in which there is a petition that Mr. Saksiam remains a partner and remains a shareholder and true owner of the limited partnership. Buri Charoen Construction, which involved Mr. Saksiam in the management of shares or the business of the partnership, is prohibited under Article 187 of the Constitution and Section 4 (1) of the Minister's Partnership and Shares Management Act of 2000. Mr. Saksiam filed a petition dated April 10, 2023. Request to revoke the order to stop performing ministerial dutiesRelated News: Constitutional Court orders "Saksiam" to stop performing duties Minister of Transport
"Seri Pisut" selling ideas Pick number 25, the mafia will disappear.|"Seri Pisut" Prayuth asked Prayuth to review himself. The reason for releasing the country to the Thai-international mafia dominates confirms if Gabor 25 this kind of problem runs out of the country today (April 18, 2023). Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes The leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party visited the Lung Perm flea market. Vibhavadi-Rangsit Rd. introduced Mr. Anupan Tharadrattanakorn, the applicant. Laksi-Chatuchak District No. 4 The Seri Ruam Thai Party is ready to present 14 party policies, including campaigning for people to vote in the May 14 elections. Nothing hidden. Frankly, there's nothing in return these days. But after the election, the party policy will be used to give back to society that campaigned according to the promise of the community. 4 years ago Their party is recognized by all parties. Today, too, reiterates that the 14 party policies stand out. People across the country will definitely benefit, Gen. Sereepisut said. Their party is not a big party, focuses on meeting the people and does not spend a lot of money. Not knowing whether other parties overspend and illegally, Pol. Gen. Sereepisut said that the party's policy is 7. Defeat corruption, conquer bullies, pastoral good people. Return the budget to the people, and 8. Police reform is guaranteed to be done for the past 8 years. A gray business with Thais and foreigners working together. Many lawsuits have occurred that shamefully that Thailand is a place to rest and eat for foreign mafia and Thai people who have already broken the law, recently some Thais led Chinese people who committed crimes and then escaped arrest warrants from China and then came to live in Thailand. Ask the Prime Minister and the Royal Thai Police if they are ashamed. I don't know how to open the door to this kind of offense," the two party policies he stated. I can be convinced that I can do it for sure, just a pure vote for the Seri Ruam Thai Party. Ask people to vote for the Seri Ruam Thai Party without embarrassing other parties. They will solve these problems that arise during the Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha runs the country himself. It won't take long. These rubbish under the rug will definitely go away in his time as a government."
"Economics" Warn not to be fooled by crypto policy impairment|"Pae Thongtarn" Um "Nong Thitarn" begging for points of Roi Et people Tell Thai is the best answer of the people. While "Economics" Warn not to be fooled by the 10,000 baht digital policy impairment Looking at the poll, he pointed to Thailand at number one but the vote declined because he had not yet fielded today (April 18, 2023). Mr. Settha Thaveesin Prime Candidate Pheu Thai Party and Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand visited Roi Et province with Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidate Paetongtarn Shinawatra and Nong Thitharn said via Zoom that because Pheu Thai Party is the best answer for the people at this time, it will bring about real change. He also reiterated the Pheu Thai Party's policy to make Isaan people richer. Not unemployed, earning money to support the family. If in order for Thailand to become a government, brothers must live well, eat better, have a better life, so I would like to leave all 8 candidates of the Pheu Thai Party in 8 districts to land slide at Roi Et, Mr. Settha reiterated that the people have waited for 8 years with the government that does not value the people, May 14 will be the day to change Thailand. Everyone will have a voice and reiterate the policies that big thinking has always been and done. The policies since the Thai Rak Thai Party has done are still there, such as 30 baht to cure all diseases, and today for Thailand, it has expanded to use only one ID card, while the 10,000 baht digital wallet policy has been criticized badly. Do not wait to receive 500 or 1000 baht at a time from the government that does not see people's heads, do not be fooled by anyone who is inferior to the policies of the Pheu Thai Party. Roi Et brothers and sisters will only have a smile on their faces, do not let anyone deceive them to suggest that there is a sister party, even if they have a color card or similar name. Ask everyone to submit their vote for Thailand slide to the palace Mr. Settha interviewed about the news report. Pheu Thai said the party's economic team and legal team also agreed to clarify the Election Commission (SEC). Regarding the 10,000 baht digital wallet policy, he said that on April 17, he sat in a meeting with both teams. Confirming that there was no disagreement and consensus, there were reports that the state welfare card would be canceled. Mr. Setha said it was a mess. That's not true. Reaffirm the non-cancellation of the State Welfare Card, and the Economic Working Group and the Legal Department are not splintered. Everything is the same. The budget collection section confirmed that it was sufficient when asked, the SEC said. The Pheu Thai Party has not yet sent details of clarification. Settha understood that the Pheu Thai Party would send a statement to the SAT on the same day (April 18). Don't worry. No problem The party will clarify everything every step of the way according to the SAT queries, while polls show that although Pheu Thai Party is in 1st place, the popular vote has declined, and the party has advanced to 2nd place. Settha said he had not looked at this yet, but he had taken everything to analyze which districts the Pheu Thai Party had dropped in votes, perhaps because the Pheu Thai Party had not yet fielded the Pheu Thai Party's majority base in the Northeast. Today is his first day in the Northeast. If he were to go to more areas and meet with the people, he should be able to understand the good policies of the Pheu Thai Party, but the polls are different, but the Pheu Thai Party's base may be offline, which he listened to and will analyze well when asked if the Pheu Thai Party's strategy can stand first in the polls. Mr. Setha stated that he was confident. The Pheu Thai Party also has opinion polls because we want to know the real data to make a journey forward, solve problems and strategize the final curve. It is natural that the strategy will be adjusted throughout the course of almost 30 days, will the Pheu Thai Party have any more surprises? Mr. Settha said it remains to be seen what the news is related to. : "250 votes" in the Senate after the election, analysis: Polls show liberal polarity leaves conservative pole "Settha" overtaking "Prayuth"
"Go Further" launches 5-step plan to reduce electricity bills|"Go Further" Open a 5-Step Plan Believe If You Can In the first year, reduce electricity bills by 70 sat/unit immediately, and in 4 years, liberalize the solar roof. Turn the sun into money and challenge the "sleeping tiger", a big group of energy capitalists who slash profit insurance through electricity bills. Even without running the power generation machine today (April 18, 2023) Miss SIRIKANYA TANSAKUL Deputy Leader of the Progressive Party for Policy and Head of the Economic Team of the Progressive Party, gave an interview on the issue of electricity bills of many countries. The house has become more expensive lately, saying the party has a 5-step ladder plan that is prepared to push in. If it were the government, which she believes if it could do this, People's electricity bills will be reduced by at least 1 baht per unit while dreaming of a new landscape of liberalized Thailand's electricity business. People were not tied up to buy electricity from capitalist Miss Sirikanya. He revealed that the first step of the party's step will change the policy of natural gas allocation from contributing capital to favoring the people using the mechanism of the Energy Policy Oversight Committee (EGC). This can be done within the first 100 days and the result in the electricity bill can be reduced immediately by 70 satang per unit in the first year, while accelerating the negotiation of natural gas concessions in the Gulf of Thailand overlap area to reduce dependence on natural gas imports in Stage 2. Unlock the Net Metering system so that every house that wants to install solar cells on the roof can do it correctly and install solar cells on the roof of the house to reduce costs by itself. He believes that within 4 years, he will see an increase in the installation of solar cells on the roofs of houses throughout the country. No need to be tied up to buy from the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand. Just like in other countries, people can choose to buy electricity from their own power producers. Electricity bills will be lower from the competition. In addition, the consumer of electricity can determine what energy to buy the electricity produced from it. Some people may choose to buy from 100% clean energy. Stage 4 collides with the Big Tiger Sleeping Capital Group, negotiates power purchase agreements and concessions with the New Energy Capital Group to reduce costs arising from the 'availability cost' of power plants that are not operating, and revises the policy to favor the Energy Capital Group to reduce electricity bills for the people to increase." A large number of power plants have been approved for energy magnates. Finally, Thailand had 60% more power generation capacity than it needed at the end of last year. Thailand's 13 large power plants have not been operational for a single day, but it turns out that people still have to pay for services to these energy capital groups that do not operate at all. Because the government has entered into a profit guarantee contract with the energy capital group that even if it does not operate, it will get money from us hidden in our electricity bill. This is something that needs to be resolved." Progressive Party prepares to move forward with PDP Net Zero plan to not increase fossil power plants "This is the 5-step ladder plan of the Step Forward Party that we are preparing to propose to completely change Thailand's energy policy, to make the country's electricity production more beneficial to the people than the capital group, to be freely produced and traded with clean energy technology. Miss Sirikanya said.
RTTC Adopts Policy to Solve Stomach Economic Problems - Help Low-Income People|"Pyramids" The NTSC has adopted a policy to solve economic problems. Aiming to open up free imports of finished oil, it will make domestic oil prices cheaper. Help low-income people – Farmers use only 3.90 baht per unit of electricity in hopes of reducing the cost of living. Plus welfare cards can be legally processed today (April 18, 2023). Mr. Peeraphan Salirathvipak The head of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTTC) spoke about the policy of taking care of people's livelihoods, especially livelihoods and the economy of the people, saying that the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party recognizes the importance of economic security for all groups of people, each of which has different needs. In the current cost of living. By finding ways to reduce the cost of living for people as possible. The case for expensive energy Oil Price Matters The party has the idea of allowing liberal imports of finished oil. This will make the price of oil in the country cheaper because oil is a community product. If you bring in how much, just see how much you will sell if the Ruam Thai Party forms the government. Agencies related to public utilities, whether it is oil or electricity, will have to follow government policies such as electricity bills, prices will be set for low-income people or farmers who use electricity to live or make a living to ease the burden and reduce costs. 3.90 baht per unit is the policy of the government of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, the leader of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, said that if the party's welfare card is compared to the policy of distributing digital money, he said that he usually does not respond to it, but when asked, it is necessary to answer that the digital card that says that he will give away 10,000 baht is not real money, but the welfare plus card that is built on the Uncle Tu card will get 1,000 baht per month, 1 year will get 12,000 baht, more than the digital money of 2,000 baht, if in 4 years it will get up to 48,000 baht, which is real money. When we run the country, there will be money that comes gradually and not suddenly, we will take all the budget money at once. Because 8 years ago Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha has already laid the foundation for economic stability and financial system, so we know what to do next so that people can benefit as well. It does not lose fiscal discipline and does not affect the country's economic condition. And most importantly, foreign confidence in the baht and the Thai economy.
 NHRC reduces household electricity bills to 2.50 baht/unit |The PDC. Push the policy to reduce electricity bills, hoping to reduce the burden on people and households to 2.50 baht/unit, industry 2.70 baht/unit today(18 days). Apr) Mr. Mingkwan Saengsuwan Policy Steering Committee of the Pracharath Party Press conference after the meeting of the Board of Directors to conclude on solving economic problems. cost of living The electricity currently used comes from 4 major companies, namely large private power producers, small private power producers, foreign power purchases, and the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT). The country consumes about 200 billion units of electricity per year, with the largest number of electricity users being industries with more than 60%. Let's add it up, so it comes out as an electricity bill per unit. Currently, electricity tariffs of ASEAN countries Thailand is considered the most expensive. Therefore, the Pracharath Party must solve this problem for the people urgently. By dismantling and restructuring the entire energy price system. Under the framework of financial and fiscal discipline1.Electricity prices in front of the factory according to the new contract. On March 8, 2023 Natural gas deliveries in the Gulf of Thailand, which will be used as fuel for electricity generation, will be cheaper than ever. During the restructuring, EGAT will use the EGAT moratorium of approximately 150,000 million baht for 1 year, which will reduce the electricity price by 0.9827 baht/unit. from 4.77 Baht per unit If implemented according to the policy of the Pracharath Party. "The current electricity price is 4.77 baht, we will push to reduce the price of residential electricity by 2.27 baht, people will be able to use electricity at 2.50 baht per unit, while in the business sector, the electricity bill will be reduced by 2.07 baht, leaving only 2.70 baht per unit. Thai people will immediately use the sixth cheapest price in ASEAN," Mr. Mingkwan said, adding that committees from all sectors will be set up to inspect and report to the people, which will be a major restructuring of energy to take care of the people.  
Analysis: 100 stone constituencies: 4 Samut Prakan districts are all "rocks"|Election 2019 Samut Prami MP 7 People of the People's Democratic Party Led by the "Big House", the Aswame family is back to rise again, sweeping up to 6 people, not counting Mr. Aswame. Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame's cousin, who is a roster MP after the previous one. Disappeared from the national political system since 2001 when the Thai Rak Thai Party fielded its candidates. One seat belongs to the New Future Party or the current Progressive Party, while the Pheu Thai Party does not have a single MP in the 2023 election, Samut Prakan has 8 more MPs. In the shadowless era of Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame. He also lost 1 MP, Ms. Pailin Thiensuwan, to the Ruam Thai National Building Party. Under the direction of Seth On. Gen. Kanit Charnpreechaya in charge of the central region and "Sia Heng" Mr. Suchart Chomklin. Labour Minister while the Pheu Thai Party this time is a mix of "veterans" in the field, such as Pracha Prasopadi, the former Interior Minister, back to fight for the seat of District 7 MP with the new generation, including Mr. Pinyo Kitlertpairoj, heir to war lawyer Kitlertpairoj. Owner of Imperial Mall Constituency 1 Mr. Akarawat Aswame Power Pracharath Party People from the big house to defend the championship against Miss Praewpan Pookpiboon. Another person who cannot be overlooked is Miss Panida Mongkolsawat, a 30-year-old former flight attendant in District 2, Mr. Yongyuth Suwannabut. MP 2019, former municipal president of Phraeksa Subdistrict Municipality I'm tired. When Mr. Pinyo Kitlertpairoj, heir from the Kitlertpairoj family. Let's wash my eyes from last time. Another person to watch is Miss Ratchanok Sukprasert. Representatives of the new generation from the party went a long way. Note that District 1 and District 2 in the previous election. Power Pracharath Party is just over ten thousand votes away from the 2nd place, which is compared to the current trend of young people in the area. District 4 champion is the only one from the New Future Party or the current progressive is Mr. Wuttinan Boonchu. This time, the original competitor Mr. Jaturon Canary son Mr. Songchai Canary Governor Rajathewa, famous for his Kinnaree electricity pole, moved to District 5 because of the change of constituency. Power Pracharath Party Send Mr. Woraporn Aswame from the Big House family. The former chairman of Bangpoo Subdistrict Council hopes to flag the party in this district. Another major competitor is Mrs. Samrit Hem. Mr. Worachai Hem's wife Former congressman and former Red Shirt mass leader in District 7, heir to the big house in the far future. Mr. Tosak Aswame This time, I got into the Somjai zone. After the last time, he had to step down to the list of MPs due to the Pracharath Power Party. There are 2 teams of MPs who rival Mr. Tosak, namely Ms. Pailin Thiensuwan, a former MP in 2019 who used to belong to the same party but moved with Mr. Suchart Chomkin to the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party. No one's going to back down this time. The rivals in this constituency have a past. Interior Minister Mr. Pracha Prasopadi 5 years of political disqualification in case a member of the National Legislative Assembly or the NRA decides to remove him from office Deputy Interior Minister In 2016, another candidate, Mr. Boonlert Saengphan, a new generation candidate from the Progressive Party in just 4 constituencies, was a big challenge to Aswame's old house. At the time of the recent loss of a young head of state. Mr. Chanmsawat Aswame to dampen Not counting at least 2 other constituencies that will be equally intense. District senators don't include congressmen on the roster system who have another heir from the big house. Song Sister Ms. Chanmtida Aswame, who is running on the Proud Thai Party list, will make the crosshairs of this election in Samut Prakan. Increase the complexity of decision making of Paknam residents even more thanks to the image from AmazingThailand. 
 Election 2023: Raise interest-free money for households to install solar cells to escape expensive electricity supply|Not out of trend "Korn" proposes to separate EGAT network into state-owned enterprises, pushing the NHC to produce and sell electricity, supporting interest-free payment of 200,000 baht for solar cells. April 2023) Mr. Korn Jatikvanich The leader of the Pattanaklao Party said the government announced the electricity tariff hike on May 1 in accordance with the resolution of the Energy Policy Committee chaired by the Prime Minister. The electricity bill for households was increased from 4.72 baht to 4.77 baht, but the industrial sector was reduced from 5.33 baht to 4.77 baht. There is no logical reason to explain why this is happening now, Mr. Korn said, adding that the main cost of electricity generation is importing natural gas. In the past, we used gas mostly from the Gulf of Thailand, but lately there have been problems with gas supply naturally decreasing. The other part is the transfer of concessions that are problematic arising from the work of subsidiaries. PTT is PTTEP. When the amount of gas produced from the Gulf of Thailand decreases. In addition, during the Russia-Ukraine war, prices have increased. As a result, the cost of electricity during that period is higher. However, if you look at the movement of LNG gas prices from its highest range of US$70 per million BTU and has dropped sharply within 6 months to $11, the cost of the main fuel for power generation has decreased. Why do you have to increase your electricity bills, Mr. Korn said, and the solution is to dismantle the system. Build electricity now. In the past, electricity generation had to rely on electricity to build large power plants or rely on private individuals. Therefore, people must be encouraged to be producer+consumer or prosumer, which means that the structure of electricity must be dismantled," Mr. Korn said, adding that the party has proposed that the network or transmission line in EGAT must be separated into a separate state-owned enterprise. Splitting the line Exporting it will allow anyone to generate electricity and sell it to anyone through a transmission line system that is considered a national treasure. Just like when PTT entered the stock market, there was a separation of gas pipelines, which is the same idea that the leader of the National Pattana Party dared. He said that the appropriate and correct role according to the current situation must depend on EGAT as the main producer. Even households. Our policy is to create a handicap because not every citizen has 200,000 baht to install solar cells, but how to give people access to this money as interest-free money and then use this 200,000 baht back from saving electricity bills, which is calculated for 5 years to pay back. If this can be done, people will pay lower electricity bills. 
Resolution of 2 committees to revoke PTT overlapping forest reserves - Accelerate the prevention of "Bruda-seagrass whales"|"Uncle Pom" debates 2 committees to revoke the area overlapping the forest reserve - Control garbage disposal from boats - Accelerate the protection of "Bruda whale - Seagrass today (19 April 2023) Lt. Gen. Patchachsak Pareupanon Assistant Deputy Spokesperson to the Prime Minister Revealed that Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister chaired the meeting of 2 committees, namely the National Forest Policy Committee and the National Marine and Coastal Resources Management Policy and Planning Committee. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment and Gen. Sanitchanok Sangkhachan Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Defence at the Forest Joint Foundation 5 Province, Pol. Gen. Patchachsak said that the National Forest Policy Committee No. 1/2023, which the meeting approved. Important matters to solve people's problems In case the self-built settlement area overlaps with the national forest area. Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, with a resolution to revoke Kui Buri Forest National Reserve. Some parts in the locality, Bo Nok, Ao Noi Koh Lak Klong Wan Huay Sai Muang District Prachuap Khiri Khan province and revoked the Mae Tan and Mae Yui Forest National Forest and Mae Haad Forest National Forest that overlap with the area according to the Royal Decree on the Establishment of Self-Build Estates. in Hod District, Chiang Mai Province B.E. 2512 and to present The next Minister, Pol. Gen. Patchachsak, said that the outcome of the meeting of the National Marine and Coastal Resources Management Policy and Planning Committee No. 2/2023, which the meeting acknowledged. Navigation in Thai Waters Act (No.18) B.E. 2566 (2023) announced in the Government Gazette on March 19, 2023, adding provisions governing Measures to control the disposal of marine waste from vessels and platforms to meet international standards and consider and approve Thailand has found seagrass resources covering 17 provinces, the Gulf of Thailand and the Andaman Sea, totaling approximately 160,628 rai, and will be included in the annual situation report. There are currently 116 of them and more than 8,000 tourists per year, which is more likely and dangerous to affect the lifestyle and natural behavior of Bruda whales. in the near future.
Election 2023: "RTSC-CHPOK" announces campaign policy The SAT is still missing 9 other parties.|Unite Thailand to build a nation - Develop a nation - Thailand goes a long way Submit a clarification on the campaign policy The remaining 9 parties have yet to clarify. The project is expected to be completed by the deadline today (April 19, 2023). Reporters reported that as of 4.30 p.m. yesterday, out of 70 political parties that submitted candidates for the election, there were 58 political parties that had clarified the details of the party's campaign policies that had spent money under Section 57 of the Political Parties Act 2017 to the SEC, and 12 political parties had not acted on the data this morning at 8.30 a.m. The Chatpattanaklao Party and the Thai Progressive Party submitted at 4.30 p.m. yesterday, so far, 61 political parties have submitted clarifications, with the remaining nine parties potentially mailed. The SEC will rely on postage stamps to determine whether the operation has been carried out within the specified period or not. New Hope Party Thai National Party Dharma Party Green Party In the case of political parties, political parties must comply with Section 57 of the Political Parties Act 2560 because the law stipulates that the policy formulation of political parties used to advertise any policy must spend money on the publication of that policy. At a minimum, there must be a certain amount of money required and the source of funds to be used to process it. Cost-effectiveness and benefits of policy implementation and impacts and risks in policy implementation If the political party does not provide such a list. The SAT ordered that the process be completed and correct. within the specified period.
Election 2023 : PMO warns of "poison-coated populism" policy to induce debt|"Dr. Rawi" warns of poison-coated populist policies to incur debt The future dreaded economic crisis repeats itself abroad today (19 days). April 2023 ) Dr. Ravi Maschamadol Leader of the Phantom Thammai Party Facebook post Given that electing populism will bring down the whole world. In the 2023 election campaign, political parties are campaigning to use tax money to scatter and distribute it for free to motivate voters. Elect those parties to take control of the state. "I urge the people to exercise restraint and be mindful and reflective in choosing a party that proposes a populist approach because there are empirical consequences from the unknowingly bad experiences of other countries such as Greece, Argentina, Venezuela, etc. The three countries are still in a marginal state, drowning in poverty, and have yet to find a solution," said Dr. Rawi. If Prachon chooses a party that proposes to use the budget to distribute it for free, This is an important lesson before we fall into the lasso of a vicious circle. Populism coated with poison Dr. Ravi also said that all the above countries Fall into a state of failure. The collapse of the financial economy. The governments of these countries are known as bankrupt governments. No fiscal discipline, excessive public debt. Once the loan is taken, there is no cash. There is no income to pay off debts, more borrowing is a cycle in which public debt accumulates repeatedly and inflation crisis occurs. "These things have happened in countries that have already been used as a clear model of failure in global populist policies," said the leader of the Pharnthammai Party. It is unlikely to be the right choice because both parties are proposing populist policies that set a false example that risks leakage of the national budget and future public debt. 
Election 2023 : Screaming with dark hands slashing the sign. "Uncle Tu" Northeast more than 200 signs|RTSC vows campaign sign with image of "Uncle Tu" slashed by dark hands in the Northeast More than 200 banners have been destroyed in some districts, police chiefs urged to convict criminals today (April 19, 2023). Wittaya Kaewparadai, deputy leader of the ruling Thai National Building Party (RTSO) in charge of the Northeast, said he had been informed by the party's MPs that campaign banners had been vandalized in almost all areas in Ubon Ratchathani province. In a single constituency, more than 200 banners were destroyed, especially those with face shapes. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister As Chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee, Ruam Thai Nation Building Party and its prime minister candidate were destroyed intentionally a lot, Mr. Wittaya said the destruction of banners is a big deal for candidates because 1 banner costs hundreds of baht to cause trouble to the candidate. The SAT would not have the strength, so he asked the police in the area not to remain silent, Mr. Wittaya said. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, also took this issue seriously. Destroying a sign is a criminal offense, but the police must track down the vandal. If caught belonging to one of the parties destroyed. The police have to hand it over. Wittaya said that Gen Prayuth's banner was destroyed more today than any other political party, especially in Khon Kaen, Ubon Ratchathani and Udon Thani provinces, signaling that opponents are beginning to fear Gen Prayuth's points that are trailing significantly. If there is no progress from the police next week, they will collect a police report. in each constituency to present to the Gen. Because the banner that was destroyed was a banner with the image of Gen. Prayuth's face, both cut his face and destroyed the entire banner. Gen. Prayuth may not know, but he will have to learn about it. As the person who the Ruam Thai National Building Party has nominated himself as Prime MinisterRead related newsAnalysis : 100 stone constituencies : 4 Samut Prakan districts are all "rocks" elections 2023 : PMO warns of "poisoned populism" policy to incur "Proud Thai" debt Khaosan Road Demanding officers arrest marijuana users.
Election 2023 : Sq.m. to gather hands and throw Campaign car "Pracha Prasopadi"|Phra Samut Chedi Du! 'Pracha Prasopadi' campaign car was blown up The police caught the bad guy. Confessed to being a partisan vote head. The police are preparing to hand over the statement. SAT today (19 April 2023) Mr. Pracha Prasopadi, Candidate Samut Prakan MP The Pheu Thai Party said it was informed by a campaign public relations driver that while driving to Soi Romyen Niwet, he heard a sound like an explosive and threw it at the campaign car and made a loud noise like fireworks, so he stopped the car and rushed to a safe spot when he saw a man running into hiding in a house in the area. Phra Samut Chedi Police Station to inspect the crime scene and collect preliminary evidence from the police. Phra Samut Chedi Police Station arrested the suspect at his residence and brought him to investigate and identified Mr. Somchat, 46 years old, with his ID card. Driver's license, motorcycle license, medication Appointment Form for the Institute of Psychiatry Mr. Pracha said that even though the perpetrators resemble psychiatric patients, they are not psychiatric patients. But now in the final stretch of the election, the police want to investigate in depth the real motive for whether Mr. Somchai is mentally ill due to his ability to drive cars and motorcycles. Even if you have to revoke your driver's license. If he is a psychiatric patient and has been convicted of burglary and has been sentenced to prison and asked for additional searches of his residence because he feared that there would be more dangerous objects hidden in it, Mr. Pracha said he knew that Mr. Somchai's family members had been the heads of votes for the political party for some time. Let the party stop these actions, because real politicians will not hurt each other like this. To get through the crisis of the country is better while Investigators at Phra Samut Chedi police station said that the perpetrators admitted that they were voters for a political party and intended to throw bombs at Mr. Pracha's campaign car. The investigating officer has filed 5 charges: causing fear to others, causing loss of property, attempted assault, causing loud noises in public places, and charges may be filed, attempted destruction of additional evidence if there is sufficiently clear evidence. After this, a police officer. Phra Samut Chedi Police Station The process of reporting the remarks will be coordinated with the Provincial Election Commission next, read the relevant news, cried was a dark hand, slashed the sign. "Uncle Tu" Northeast region more than 200 election signs 2023 : PMO warns of "poison-coated populism" policy to incur 2023 election debt: "Proud Thai" Khaosan Road Demanding officers arrest marijuana users. 
Supreme Court postpones appointment of 3 Proud Thai MPs Insert the card interchangeably.|Supreme Court Postponed reading of verdict 3 former MPs of Proud Thai Party In case of inserting the card interchangeably. At the council's meeting to consider the 2020 budget on May 18, the incident "minutes The King" Ill request to postpone the hearing today ( 19 Apr 2023) The Supreme Court, Criminal Division of Political Office Holders, scheduled to hear the verdict in case No. 3/2022 in the case filed by the Attorney General. sue Mr. Chalong Thodweerapong Mr. Poomsit must have Mrs. Minute. Rajkit Prakan Former Proud Thai Party MP under the Constitutional Prevention and Suppression of Corruption Act B.E. 2561 (2018) for inserting an MP card instead of each other in the House of Assembly meeting. Considering the draft budget bill for the fiscal year 2020, three people were not present at the meeting, and the NACC resolved to point out the cause of the offense on June 8, 2021 and send it to the prosecutor for submission to the Supreme Court, the criminal division of political office holders. Rajkit Prakan Reported sickness, high blood pressure, dizziness, so he requested to postpone the hearing of the verdict, so the court scheduled the hearing for May 18 at 2:00 p.m. Related News: Supreme Court postpones judgment of "Thanikan" MP Interchangeable card insertion case
Election 2023 : "Thanakorn" recommends "Setha" Give away 10,000 digital dollars clearly|"Thanakorn" advises "Economy" before criticizing the government should clearly distribute 10,000 digital money.
 Today(19 reviews) April 2023) Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, Deputy Party Leader and Southern Strategy Chairman, Ruam Thai National Building Party, spoke about the case of Settha Thaweesin. Pheu Thai family leader and Pheu Thai Party prime minister candidate criticizes 8-year administration People's incomes are falling, saying that's not true. Policies under Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and the Defence Minister have improved the well-being of the people and the country has progressed with the results evident before criticizing the government administration's policies. Some Pheu Thai Party leaders are still puzzled as to what exactly is the deal, Mr. Thanakorn said, there are reports that the economic team and Pheu Thai Party lawmakers still disagree, and there are also reports that the state welfare card will be canceled, leading Mr. Settha to come out and say that it is not true. At least let your own party get on the same page. Mr. Thanakorn said that if you compare 10,000 baht in 6 months as a one-time giving, but what we can do every month is targeted at those who are in real trouble. The use of money is not to sow around without caring about the national budget. As for the part that says that it will stimulate the economy, when divided into daily is 55 baht per day. It does not stimulate the economy, so how to stimulate the economy because it is no different from the welfare card. What the government is doing, Mr. Thanakorn said: Today, I still don't know where the Pheu Thai Party will get the money from, agree to digitize it as a coupon coin or what kind and want to deposit it. The SEC should consider the impacts of various aspects and budget burdens that will follow. Don't let this kind of dream-selling policy destroy the fiscal system. 
Election 2023 : RTSC Confirm the submission of party policy documents. SAT on time|Unite Thailand to build a nation Confirm. Send the party policy document. There is a letter signed by the SAT officer clearly, reiterating that the news that comes out may not be expected to be delivered in time. Ask the fans. "Uncle Tu" can rest easy. Reiterate that politics in this era must have standards, not tricks, today (April 19, 2023). Mr. Boonyod Suktinthai applicant A Roster MP and one of the Communication and Public Relations Working Group of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party said that in the case of news from the SAT that 12 political parties have not clarified the details of the campaign policy of the party that has spent money with the name of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party. The party has verified the request based on the documents sent by the party officials to The SAT was scheduled for April 18 at 4.20 p.m. in a letter signed by the officer. The SAT has signed the letter. In the letter of the party submitted. There are 27 sheets of detailed policy and details of the policy formulation of political parties that must pay under Section 57 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on Political Parties B.E. 2560. 13 sheets Therefore, rest assured, the Thai Unification Party to build the nation is serious and sincere. Never imposed a grand palace policy. "The news that comes out may be inaccurate. On the part of the party, it must be clarified according to the facts. I don't want to blame anyone's mistake as a trivial thing. Everyone may be uncomfortable, or fans of the Ruam Thai National Building Party may be worried, please let Uncle Tu fans rest assured that we have already delivered. There's evidence. Everything is an election requirement. Party leader Peeraphan Salirathvipak emphasized firmly that it must be straightforward. Follow all laws. We don't do it because it's the standard of politics in this day and age to be straightforward." Mr. Boonyod said related news: Election 2023: Screaming with dark hands slashing the sign. "Uncle Tu" Northeast more than 200 signs
Election 2023: "Moving forward" confident to maintain the bank's voting base despite many party moves|"Prawit" is not normal in politics if political parties change their stance to form a government, letting people realize that Thai politics should change, get politicians who are faithful to their position today (April 19, 2023). On his Facebook fan page, he said: The power to form a government must look at immediate conditions. People with political experience know that there are many different factors. As a result, the formation of the government may not go as the campaign at the time of the election, said Mr. Pijarn Chaopattanawong, the deputy leader of the far-right party. He stated that the far-reaching political party has Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat as the only candidate for Prime Minister. Whether in front of or behind the scenes, do not shake hands with the entire military party. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha or Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan If these two are in the Cabinet, This is normal for political parties to clarify to voters before going to the polling booth what their position is. Echo through Facebook You think it's unusual. People should realize that Thai politics should change, journalists reported that in the 2019 elections, the former Future New Party won the most seats in Bangkok from the Thanon side, 6 seats. The Progressive Party must retain the same MP seats in 2 districts, namely District 24 Khlong San Thon Buri Ratburana of Mr. Kampiphop Limpainter and District 27 Bang Khun Thian Bang Bon of Natcha Boonchai Insawat and the other 4 districts. He had to reclaim the chair of a future MP who had moved to another party affiliation and had to win two more districts on the Thanon side that no party owned. He said that the recent surge in progressive parties has significantly boosted the popularity of candidates by district, and even though some districts face former Future New Party MPs who have moved to other parties, the party is not troubling. Mr. Pijarn said that in the past, the candidate A congressman from a far-flung district who has to run in areas belonging to the past. New Future Party MPs have firmly understood with the people that they chose to take this step forward. Certainly Cobra MPs, as the far-right party intensively selects candidates today. The Progressive Party opened the speech platform of the 10 Thanon candidates under the Rama VIII Bridge. The atmosphere was bustling with people listening to the candidates' policies, and the seats were almost filled since the event started at 5.30pm.Read related news for the 2023 election: RTSC Confirm the submission of party policy documents. SAT in time for 2023 election: "Thanakorn" recommends "Setha" 10,000 digital cash giveaways to clear the 2023 election: "Warawut" wades eight streaks to help "Chaling No. 8" focus on knocking on doors, reiterating candidates not to underestimate
Election 2023 : PTT has a policy to issue BTS tickets at 40 baht per day to help city people save on travel costs. |"Buddhipong" Director of Elections, Bangkok Proud Thai Party Adopt a 40-baht day ticketing policy to help Bangkok people save on travel costs. Everyone can board today (20 April 2023). Mr. Puttipong Punnakan The election director of the Bangkok Proud Thai Party spoke about the policy to solve traffic congestion by proposing the sky train as a solution for the people of Bangkok where everyone can ride and the fare must not be an obstacle or a problem for all groups of governments to expand the BTS network. The government is the investor. The fare must be reasonable, so it is no longer an option, but to provide a solution for the people of Bangkok, today Bangkok is not just the capital of the metropolitan people, but a metropolis for people around the world, so it must turn to focus on the use of public transport. And the minimum if traveling only one short station is 15 baht, making the cost when traveling 40 baht per day for 5 days is 200 baht per week. to the family, clearly. Reasonably affordable. Tangible. Anyone can board. Everyone has the opportunity to use Mr. Puttipong's skytrain. Given that when more people turn to electric trains, it will cause fewer people to use cars, so it is proposed to use public transport or electric trains as much as possible, it will greatly reduce PM 2.5 because there is a reduction in the use of cars and the use of buses that use diesel fuel emits pollution. Diesel Trucks  
Election 2023: "Warawut" wades eight streaks to help "Chaling No. 8" focus on knocking on doors, reminding candidates not to underestimate|"Warawut" to raise an army Eight streaks speech to help "Chaling No. 8" reiterate to candidates in all areas not to be careless, to knock on the door of the last bend of the house, green card loop, green recommendation 18 today (19 April 2023) Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha Head of the Thai Patana Party Mr. Praphat Pothasuthon, General Secretary of the party, along with party leaders such as Mr. Santi Kiranand, deputy leader of the Thai Pattana Party. Mrs. Nantaporn Damrongpong Deputy General Secretary of the Party Opening the main speech stage at Bang Kwan intersection, Muang district, Chachoengsao province to help Mr. Chaling Juchamras applicant Chachoengsao Congressman, District 1, Thai Patana Party Mr. Warawut said in an interview before taking the stage that the Thai nation developed a speech in the Chachoengsao constituency in District 1 to help Mr. Chaling, who we are considered a freshman in this area. Therefore, we hope that we will have an opportunity from the people to give the Thai Patana Party and Mr. Chaling the opportunity to serve the Thai Patana Party by emphasizing on working like a family, and when working, there will be a bond with the people in the area, so by opening this speech, I hope that I can ask for votes and gain confidence and give confidence to the people of Chachoengsao in District 1 that I will give the Thai Patana Party No. 18 and Mr. Chaling No. 8 a chance. Because I have always said that in all areas of Thailand. Even in Suphan Buri, we never underestimate Every election, from 50 to 50, the chances are the same. If the candidate is negligent, Mr. Warawut said that the strategy in the final stretch of the Thai Pattana Party is to knock on every inch of every door, which he admits is not easy. It is hoped that Mr. Chaling will be able to knock on every door like a Thai national development MP in all areas. For the current trend that the Thai Pattana Party is not in the polls 1 in 5, we initially did our best to go to the area. Place the network as tightly as possible. As for the outcome, it will be a lesson for us to prepare for the next time, I have just taken over as the leader of the Thai Patana Party for more than 6 months, not as much time as other party leaders, but always remember that in every work, carelessness will be the foundation, so every candidate of the Thai Patana Party can take the exam or not. Still have to keep working. Poll results are just a part of encouraging us to work more carefully and thoroughly. However, the Thai Pattana Party has its own polls as well, some areas are as expected, but in some areas the flow is not yet reached, so we have to urge the candidates to accelerate the implementation of the plan because there are only 20 days left, Mr. Warawut said. If you open your ballot and see the party logo, you can check the party, and if the other card only shows the numbers, you can check the candidate for the district. In the case of the Thai Pattana Party, the green card for Gabor 18 to recite that it is green 18, Mr. Warawut also said that the destruction of campaign signs. As for the Thai Pattana Party, it is no less affected than other parties, which would like to ask for sympathy, all political parties have a duty to present their policies to the people according to the law. I would like to appeal to those who are thinking of destroying the banner that we are in politics together. Working in politics together If a party loves a candidate, it is appreciated by expressing it by choosing him. Don't use destructive methods because it's unconstructive political work.
Election 2023 : "Sonthirat" announces upgrade of "STAT Hospital" to Front of House Hospital|"Sonthirat" announces upgrade of "STAT Hospital" nationwide to be a front-of-home hospital Link online medicine-treatment technology and create a central database Effectively link patient treatment across the country April 19, 2023 at Wat Saman Rattanaram Chachoengsao Mr. Sontirat Sonthijirawong Chief Political Strategist Power Pracharath Party gave a speech on the policy of the Power Pracharath Party, led by Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Party leader and party executive Mr. Sonthirat said in a speech that the illness of brothers and sisters' children is the heart that we care about. When siblings go to the hospital, they have to book long queues and take a long time. If the PPP becomes the government, we will resolve the sickness of our brothers. By raising the status of Sub-district Health Promoting Hospital (Sat Hospital) Nationwide to be able to take care of brothers and sisters as a hospital in front of the people's homes. You don't have to pay for a car to travel across the province to see a doctor, but you will use technology to help. Use mobile phones so that siblings can communicate with doctors from major hospitals with high quality and can prescribe medicines via mobile phone. No need to sit in line in addition. Power Pracharath Party In addition, it has linked treatment information of patients across the country, no matter where they are sick or in an accident, to have access to treatment information. Convenient for medical treatment Mr. Sonthirat also reiterated to the people that in order to enter the election booth, if any party is to be examined, consider whether that party has a chance to become the government and has policies that meet the problems of life for the people. Gen. Prawit, who is the leader of the majestic and experienced party, is ready to lead the party as the glue, cooperate with all parties in forming the government, overcome conflicts to overcome poverty and ensure the well-being of the people.
The Royal Gazette announced the remuneration. New SAO Rate Start 1 Oct 23 |Government Gazette announces remuneration The new SAO rate will be effective October 1, 2023.  The president of the OA receives a total of up to 75,000 baht per month.  Reporters reported that on April 19, 2023, the Government Gazette website published Regulation of the Ministry of Interior On the remuneration of the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization Deputy Commissioner, Subdistrict Administration Organization Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Vice Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Member of Subdistrict Administrative Organization Council Secretary to the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization and Secretary to the Subdistrict Administration Organization Council (No. 3) B.E. 2023 with the following contents: Whereas it is desirable to amend the Regulation of the Ministry of Interior on Remuneration of the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization; Deputy Commissioner, Subdistrict Administration Organization Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Vice Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Member of Subdistrict Administrative Organization Council The Secretary to the President of the Sub-District Administration Organization and the Secretary to the Sub-District Administrative Organization Council shall be in accordance with the present circumstances by virtue of Section 5, paragraph one. of the Sub-District Councils and Sub-District Administrative Organizations Act B.E. 2537 and Section 86 of the Sub-District Councils and Sub-District Administrative Organizations Act B.E. 2537, as amended by the Sub-District Councils and Sub-District Administrative Organizations Act (No. 5) B.E. 2546, the Minister of Interior has issued regulations. As follows Clause 1, this regulation is called "Regulation of the Ministry of Interior on Remuneration of the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization, Deputy President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization, Chairman of the Subdistrict Administration Organization Council, Vice Chairman of the Subdistrict Administration Organization Council, Member of the Subdistrict Administration Organization Council, Secretary to the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization and Secretary to the Subdistrict Administration Organization Council (No. 3) B.E. 2023"Article 2 This regulation shall come into force from the day following the date of notification in the Government Gazette onwards. Deputy Commissioner, Subdistrict Administration Organization Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Vice Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Member of Subdistrict Administrative Organization Council Secretary to the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization and Secretary to the Subdistrict Administration Organization Council B.E. 2554 and shall use the remuneration rate account of the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization. Deputy Commissioner, Subdistrict Administration Organization Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Vice Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Member of Subdistrict Administrative Organization Council Secretary to the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization and Secretary to the Subdistrict Administration Organization Council The following shall be added to the second paragraph of Article 7 of the Regulation of the Ministry of Interior: On the remuneration of the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization Deputy Commissioner, Subdistrict Administration Organization Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Vice Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Member of Subdistrict Administrative Organization Council Secretary to the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization and Secretary to the Subdistrict Administration Organization Council B.E. 2554 "In the case of budgeting expenditures and disbursement of remuneration of the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization Deputy Commissioner, Subdistrict Administration Organization Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Vice Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Member of Subdistrict Administrative Organization Council The Secretary to the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization and the Secretary to the Subdistrict Administration Organization Council shall use the total amount of self-collected income and the income allocated by the State according to the statement of financial position of the preceding fiscal year as the basis for calculating the rate of remuneration." Deputy Commissioner, Subdistrict Administration Organization Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Vice Chairman of Subdistrict Administration Organization Council Member of Subdistrict Administrative Organization Council Secretary to the President of the Subdistrict Administration Organization and Secretary to the Council of the Subdistrict Administration Organization according to the list of remuneration rates at the end of this regulation from October 1, 2023 onwards, announced on March 27, 2023.    
Election 2023 : The NTSC has adopted a policy to work with the state instead of debt relief. |"Peeraphan" reveals that the RTTC has adopted a policy of "debt relief through work" to solve the problem of government debt crookedness. Give them the opportunity to work for the public sector instead of using rebates. Starting with debt. Believe in both sides today (20 April 2023) Mr. Peeraphan Salirathviphak, head of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTTC), said the "debt relief with work" policy is a policy that the party will use to solve government debt problems, such as debt from the student loan fund, which has been argued much before whether to cancel or sue those who refuse to pay the debt of the fund. After borrowing, seeing that the student loan policy The main objective is to provide opportunities for underprivileged children to grow up to be educated people. Many children do not have enough funds to study, so a student loan program has been created. Many people refuse to repay their debts, funds, borrowing until it becomes a problem for the younger generations. Next, Mr. Peerapan said that if you look at those who do not repay their debts, it can be seen that they can be divided into 3 groups, namely those who intend not to pay back their debts at all. This type of people needs to be dealt with decisively by filing lawsuits because they are people who intend not to use debts, causing the younger generation to lose opportunities, the second group is a group that does not intend to cheat but still has problems not being able to find a job or getting a job but the salary is not enough. And the 3rd group is that they have a job and money, but the burden on the family is large, even if they have a salary and income, but not enough to pay off debts. Meanwhile, the state needs knowledgeable people to help society. Therefore, the concept of "debt relief through work" and the SEC Fund as an example do not need to sue each other, but rather provide an opportunity to help the state in order to discharge debt instead. "The prosecution got a piece of paper, it was the verdict that won the case. When we sent him to knowledge, Why don't we give him a chance to use his knowledge to contribute to society for the state? These groups, which he did not intend to cheat but had a family burden without a job, were able to get out of their debts by using knowledge to work for the state instead."
Election 2023 : "Dr. Wong" The people of Song Kwai asked for the position of Prime Minister. | "Dr. Wong" pleaded with Phitsanulok people to have a chance to run for the post of Prime Minister to release this election to determine the future of the country. Some political parties are worried about bringing war into the house and are the party that has taken a stand to defend the institution. Today (20 Apr 2023) DR. WORONG DEJKITVIKROM Thai Phakdi Party Leader Opening the main speech in Phitsanulok province by stating that it is the intention to come back and ask the people of Phitsanulok for permission to run for the post of Prime Minister because the country has many problems and the person who will become Prime Minister must be considered an employee of the people now that electricity bills are expensive. But the Thai Phakdi Party will do agriculture for energy, bringing the electricity bill to 2.50 baht per unit, cooking gas 225 baht per cylinder, urea fertilizer 750 baht per sack, and debt relief for farmers within 3 years. Today, there is a movement to overthrow the government. M.112 In the election of a provincial governor who wants to transform the country into a federation, Thavorn Sennium, chairman of the Thai Phakdi Party, said that Dr. Worong has never had a tainted record, has courage, clean hands, and is a well-known corruption investigator. Read related news in 2023 elections: "Sonthirat" announces upgrade of "STAT Hospital" to Front of House Hospital
"Nipit" Pendant "P.T." Apologize to the people.  |"Nipit" Demanding "P.T." Apologize to the people. After Phatthalung No MP served for almost 3 years today (20 Apr 2023) Mr. Nipit Intarasombat Candidate List of MPs of the Power Pracharath Party The Facebook post stated. The Supreme Court postponed the reading of the case. 3 Proud Thai MPs inserted their cards interchangeably. As follows: Cities with Democracy Disabilities – Yesterday (April 19, 2023) was the day the Supreme Court scheduled to read the verdict. In the case of pressing the card interchangeably, the former MP Phatthalung The Proud Thai Party (including the list of 3 members) was ordered by the Supreme Court to stop performing its duties for almost 3 years, but yesterday one of the defendant former MPs was ill with blood pressure and the court had to postpone the reading of the verdict.-I have no opinion on the case to say in public what the outcome of the case will be, just a personal assessment from the legal profession on how it should turn out.-In other words, Phatthalung has not had a representative for almost 3 years.-I once said that this kind of thing. The Supreme Court needs a speedy hearing. Don't leave it for long, because some areas don't have representatives to act on behalf of the people – whenever the people think they can have a representative. If not, we can live or choose whoever we are, it's all the same. That's a "crisis of democracy." There are 3 engines: legislative, executive and judicial, all 3 engines must look at each other's work and "balance" each other's power. If each party acts. Democracy is hard to come by—at the same time, I used to call for it. Proud Thai Party to "apologize to the people" for former MPs elected by the people Didn't serve on the council until today. The Proud Thai Party did not "apologize to the people" until there will be new elections, then came back to ask for a chance from the people again, and now it is past time to apologize to the people – it is a matter that all parties in sovereignty, political parties and people must be aware of, otherwise we are living in a city where democracy is crippled. 
Election 2023: "Big Fort" has not yet reached the time to form a government |"Big Fort" Sift Little Letter No. 9 Poke is not yet time to polarize the government. Do not bind political parties. It must be a party resolution. For example, the lessons learned from the 2019 election have changed their minds on the job. Today (20 Apr 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the Power Pracharath Party The ninth Facebook post said it would "form a government." However, the message states that Thai politics are now complex. Explain what happened and think "forming a government" should do, that "Thai politics is complicated right now" because there are many factors that are used to determine the possibility of political power in all matters. Let's start with the "election results" to see which party the people have chosen. How many MPs are elected in each party? See each party's numbers and place them before coming to the stage. The Prime Minister must be nominated by a political party with at least 25 MPs and supported by members of Parliament. This means that not less than half of the MPs and senators combined, i.e. about 376 people, the process of acquiring the Prime Minister is a formal step, the first step after which the government is formed. It is to find a consensus on which party to join with which party. In the way it should be, it must be combined with at least half of the MPs in the House of Representatives, i.e. more than 250 votes. You have to understand this first, but in practice. There are more complicated issues to consider, such as the legitimacy of the political parties that get the most MPs, the right to form a government before the political parties polarize. / Together with whom, get a better response to the offer. Who is the real power between the power of elected MPs and the hidden powers in the constitutional mechanisms, which has more influence or can dictate the formation of governments, and many more matters that are important to decision-making are conditions that have not even happened. There is always information that talks about the changes of the party in order to benefit the nation and the people as much as possible. For example, in the last election in 2019, the leaders of many political parties declared themselves. It must be attended for another reason, such as the Democratic Party. Party leader Abhisit Vejjajiva has refused to allow Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha to continue as prime minister. The Democratic Party was joined by the new party leader, just Abhisit resigned, with many benefits of the people to claim, as Anutin Charnvirakul said in a news interview dated March 8, 2019. He said he did not agree with the senators electing the prime minister on the opposite side of the military and the NHRC and gave another interview. In a news article on September 10, 2022, that the year 2019 has shaken hands. The PDP formed the government because I did not want to stay with the NCPO system, even the Pracharath Power Party, which Mr. Suriya Rungruangkit had announced that he would not take office. If you become a government but end up as the Minister of Industry, it is not wrong or bizarre. "This is the normal thing in Thai politics" Even if the Thai media and society do not accept it, all matters of Thai politics depend on negotiations according to immediate conditions, especially important issues at the level of "how to form a government, who to join the government". It is essential to wait for the proper procedure. The decision to declare that it must be like this. It is known that it is just a campaign. The truth is to negotiate for a specific reason. Everyone in the party must carefully evaluate and then act according to the so-called "party resolution". The management of the decision of the "political party" must be in the name of "party resolution", not one person will smash the table that the party must handle it like this. As an example, the size of the party that has accumulated the most credibility. Even the leader must resign if he announces anything beyond the party's resolution, the political truth is like this, every step requires negotiation on the most current specific conditions, the difference is that it is the party that decides the immediate conditions by whose interests, so the question answers, "What kind of government will the PPP form, how, with whom, which party?" It depends on careful negotiation and must be in the name of "party resolution", not for any one person to announce the decision. If there is to be decisiveness, it is certain that the "civil power" will make all decisions, everything for a reason, must work together to "overcome conflict" with the belief that it is the only way to lead the country towards development that creates equal opportunities for happiness for the people. Rest assured that "we can form a government that is the best hope for the country," Gen. Prawit said. Stated that I would like to end the 9th issue of Facebook and the next 10th issue will tell the facts. That we're going to get What is a victory that does not have to be cracked, which has already been achieved in the House without accusing dissenters of being racist? Follow us on Facebook No. 10 Read related news about the 2023 election: "Dr. Wong" The people of Song Kwai City seek to be the Prime Minister in the 2023 election: "Sonthirat" announces the upgrade of "STAT Hospital" to the hospital in front of the house for the 2023 election : PTT has a policy to issue BTS tickets at 40 baht per day to help city people save on travel costs.
Analysis: Song Kwai City 3 Toughest Constituency|Muang Song Kwai or Phitsanulok is one of the few provinces in Thailand that has never had a political party. Only one party can occupy all the MPs. Although most of the 2019 MPs moved according to the popular trend of politicians, especially the Proud Thai Party, which is a magnet for many MPs in the top rank, other political parties are also prepared to cope in District 1. Send Miss Nattarat Champoonda, former deputy mayor of Phitsanulok municipality, to run but it is not easy because of the former champion. "Dr. Ong" Mr. Padipat Santipada. There are rumors that there may be a party transfer, but in the end, still applying on behalf of the Progressive Party, it is a big neckbone and not only for Pheu Thai Party candidates. Also included Mr. Bowondej LaSource, a former MP candidate of the Thai Raksa National Party. In 2019, this time he ran as a candidate on behalf of the Proud Thai Party. Direct Line "Principal" in Buriram province who came to overtake the curve cut off the other 2 candidates of the party in the end Democratic Party. Send Mr. Jak Panchupet, former academic Former OIC rally participant He hopes to replace the passing of Dr. Worong Dejkitvikrom, a former MP who moved to form the Thai Phakdi Party, the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party. Under the command of Seth Hi Himalayan Skin Pan assigned to the upper northern region and parts of the central region. Another candidate who will cut votes in this constituency is the Power Pracharath Party." Wiwattanat son Mr. Monchai Wiwattanat Phitsanulok Provincial Commissioner opposite District 2 MP Noppol Luengthong Nara in 2019 is still settling down for the Pheu Thai Party. The candidate hopes to retain the MP chair for another 1 term according to the landslide that has not yet fallen. A worthy contender is yet to be seen, as is Chet 4th Election Niyom Changpinit, the 2019 MP with 40,000 votes. This time, he moved from the Pheu Thai Party to the Proud Thai Party. There are still 2 districts that will be definitely stone districts of Phitsanulok, namely the 3rd constituency and the 5th constituency. Power Pracharath Party Beat Mr. Pong Manu Thong Nak from the Democratic Party with only 200 votes in the new election, Mr. Anucha moved to run as a candidate for the Proud Thai Party in District 5, the previous champion. Mr. Manus Onai is an MP for the Power Pracharath Party. This time, he didn't run because of health problems. You win, you win, you're weak, you're a candidate. MPs under the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, with Seth Hi as the main dart submitted to the contest, but later irrational problems arose. In the end, you win. Launched as the Thai Sang Thai Party MP candidate of Khun Sudarat Keyurapan Thai National Building Party Launch Pol. Col. Thorthawat Jamudomchot, former director of Wangthong police station and former director of Nakhon Thai police station, is running for replacement, thus proving the prestige and potential of the 2 major parties, but must not be nervous. Mr. Tanwin Rojsoonthornkitti from Pheu Thai Party concluded that District 1, District 3 and District 5 are considered stone constituencies. Undoubtedly bloody eyes. It must not be forgotten that Phitsanulok province has the 4th Infantry Division and King Naresuan the Great Camp. sit Part of the vote came from the soldiers. Analysis: Prajak Mawongsa Photo thanks: www.phitsanulokhotnews.com
Election 2023: "Thanathorn" apologizes for minor sinking post on impact flight P.N.D.|A letter to "Thanathorn" on the flight caused "Thai Airways" to suspend his job. Political expression 
Today (20 Apr 2023) Mr. Thanathorn Rungruangkit Chairman of the Progressive Party and Progressive Party Campaign Assistant Post a picture of Thai Airways International Public Company Limited announcement On Twitter @thanathorn_fwp he wrote, "Sorry that my tweet worried THAI to the point of having to make this statement, I hope that the officers who encouraged me will not be punished because it did not damage the organization or involve the organization in politics like when some THAI employees came out to support the coup." I reaffirm that I am deeply concerned if the staff will be punished for this," Thanathorn posted on April 17 a bag containing Thai Smile airline snackboxes distributed to passengers along with a note that read: Read related news about the 2023 election: "Big Pom" has not yet reached the time to form a government in the 2023 elections: "Mor Wong" The people of Song Kwai City seek to be the Prime Minister in the 2023 election: "Sonthirat" announces upgrade of "STAT Hospital" to Front of House Hospital
Election 2023: Sakonthee raises 300,000 million baht public fund to take care of Bangkok's economic district|"Sakonthee" to help "Sarit", candidate for District 1, Bangkok, raise 300,000 million baht in public fund Take care of the new economic districts all over Bangkok Today (20 Apr 2023) Mr. Sakonthee Pattiyakul Executive Director and Team Leader of the candidate team of MPs of the Power Pracharath Party visited the area of Saphan Han area together with Dr. Sarit Pairhong. Candidate for District 1 (Dusit Phra Nakhon Pomprab Enemy Phai Samphanthawong) No. 11 to meet the people, Mr. Sakonthee said. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The party leader has instructed the party to devise a policy on oral matters. Reducing the cost of living has come out to help the people, including reducing the price of gasoline by 18 baht, reducing diesel by 6 baht, or reducing the price of gas to 250 baht per cylinder, which can be done as soon as the latest government has issued a policy to reduce electricity bills by adjusting the price structure that has a lot of redundant charges, which will reduce electricity bills by almost 50% to only 2.50 baht per unit. The candidate for District 1 No. 11 has come to the area of Saphan Han, which after COVID-19 has become an economic district connecting Phra Nakhon and Samphanthawong districts, a new tourist destination that attracts both Thai and foreign tourists. Bangkok should receive tens of billions of baht to help develop the area. Maintain and build tourist attractions in different neighborhoods or use them to build public transport and additional necessary utilities. Dr. Sarit said that what everyone sees as a landslide. I'd say that's not true. In terms of working and solving problems in the area, District 1 is mostly about tourism. This is the selling point of District 1 and is where the party is going to increase and develop in the fund already 300 billion baht. The upcoming establishment will be about managing the development of additional tourist attractions and will clearly improve the economy in the area.
Election 2023 : Son "Wittaya Kaewparadai" flagged the RTTC District 1 Nakhon Si|Son "Wittaya Kaewparadai" announces flag "Unite Thailand to build the nation" in District 1, Nakhon Si Thammarat The "Prayuth" era is the prime minister of the southern fortnight, very developed. I chose a new generation with no intention and no history to speak today (April 20, 2023). Poon Kaewparadai, Nakhon Si Thammarat MP candidate for District 1 No. 8 of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO), revealed that from the field visit, it was found that the people welcomed the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party and Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha Nak, Minister. As chairman of the party's guiding and strategic committee and the party's prime minister candidacy, the flow is getting better day by day. The people of Nakhon Si Thammarat want Uncle Tu to become Prime Minister again. Mr. Poon said that the party's policy that people admire is the State Welfare Card Program, which has become a welfare card Plus 1,000 baht per month and can be used as insurance for emergency loans. Despite his first major political appearance, he tried to walk to meet the people and clarify the party's policies for him as much as possible. Even though he was young, he had more than a hundred determinations, walking down the ground every day. The leader is Gen. Prayuth to show the people what he has done, Mr. Poon said, as the son of Mr. Wittaya Kaewparadai, a former Nakhon Si Thammarat MP who has done many good for the province. In particular, bringing the budget to develop the province also contributed to himself somewhat. But I'm in the past. The congressman in Pak Phanang district, he came down in Muang district, which is different from his father's house. He was born in Muang District, so he had to fight in this area. He has never had a problem with corruption, and the former mayor's secretary has absorbed his work. Even though I have a father who is a politician I know. But I was taught to be honest with the people. I can't go to Pak Phanang because I'm Mr. Witthaya's son. I had to come down to Muang because I was born and raised here and I thought I would die here, however, I am sure that I will definitely plant the flag of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party for Gen. Prayuth in the 1st constituency.
Thai PBS Hosts 10 Political Parties on Big Stage|Thai PBS big bets full of 10 political parties, how does the country go next? The future of Thailand in the hands of politicians See you tomorrow (April 21) It's so fresh, it doesn't get any better. Hard, hard, full. Every question from civil society must be answered by 10 representatives of political parties clearly. All questions were answered by Thai BPS from 15,900 people on LINE@ThaiPBS / LINE TODAY and www.thaipbs.or.th/VoteforDebate. Corruption in the government system 17.35%, universal and equitable health welfare policy 12.81%, environmental policy, clean and sustainable air policy 11.82%, debt relief policy 10.64% and policy for the elderly. Born well, live well, old and old 9.06% The program format will be divided into 3 phases, representatives of political parties will have 3-4 minutes to think about the answers to each question. If the government is in the first 6 months, how will it change the image of Thailand? The second part of the question will be to answer questions from the votes of the people and the forum in the region, which will give representatives of political parties 3-4 minutes to answer questions. Populist policies and police reform The big stage will be held on Friday, April 21, 2023, live from 6.00-8.30 pm. The survey came from 39.6% of the elderly aged 59 years and over, followed by 39.1% of those aged 43-58 years, 53.4% of whom were males, 44.5% of whom were employed as company employees, government officials and state enterprises, and 37.5% of them were in Bangkok, followed by the Central, Northern, and Northeastern regions, respectively.
Election 2023: No problem! Broken signs, check congressman's name online. |No problem! The sign broke. Lost badges Check here "Tipanan" Invite Thais to check the list with applicant number. District MPs, Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, via website www.unitedthaination.or.th today (20 April 2023) Miss TIPANAN SIRICHANA applicant The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) MP said that during the Songkran festival, the atmosphere of tourism, trade and economic activities has resumed. It is undeniable that this is partly due to the work and determination of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Prime Minister candidate and Chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party As a result, the revenue forecast spread across the region is 18 billion baht. From the field experience to the feelings of the people who are warm and confident if Gen. Prayuth will lead the country further. Coupled with the MPs of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party who have proposed themselves to serve from all generations, Ms. Tipanan said that in the past, despite the case of campaign banners, Introduce the candidate in the destructive area to the detriment. It's broken, it's gone, but you can still check the names and numbers of the candidates. The party's district MPs were able to access online channels which received praise from the people that the party created an interactive app to check candidates' names, numbers and pictures. The party's zoning system is convenient and modern with an interactive touchscreen system that at your fingertips will be displayed on the map by provinces and districts, and information about local candidates will be displayed, making it easier to remember through this website. map66.unitedthaination.or.th Members of the public can check candidates in your constituency today. www.unitedthaination.or.th You can also type in search by province/district (sub-district) and search in detail.
Election 2023: "Warawut" Chong Rath pays half a person - Reduce the process of installing solar cells to reduce electricity bills|"Warawut" brew the state pays half to the people. Solar cell installation Solve the problem of expensive electricity bills It's a tougher summer year. Warn people to deal with El Nino. Solar cells as soon as possible today (20 April 2023) Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha The head of the Thai Pattana Party spoke about the case of helping the people. The problem of high electricity bills that the solution to the problem of high electricity bills in the short term right now is to encourage them to "Solar Rooftop" And most importantly, the power trading between the people and government agencies must not talk about the purchase price, but rather the sale of units to ensure fairness. In addition, some houses may have income from selling electricity to the government as well, while the long-term solution is that 70% of today's electricity bill comes from electricity generation fuel. From the problems of the Russia-Ukraine war. Therefore, in the future, there will be renewable energy, whether it is solar, wind energy, they are unstable energy. It also does not mean that it will stabilize the lighting system in Thailand. Therefore, to develop a more sustainable battery system. To be able to reduce costs further will be one of the long-term solutions and another important thing that can be done initially is to negotiate with the operators now, in which the government must pay compensation to manufacturers. Even if it does not produce electricity. This money is a contract that thinks that the private sector would not be willing to negotiate with if they were to ask for a reduction, but they thought that they should ask for a reduction and at the same time negotiate a contract for a longer term. Because there is currently a demand for solar rooftop installation on a house-by-roof basis to reduce electricity prices and alleviate the cost of living of each household, Mr. Warawut said that in this short-term measure, the Thai Pattana Party proposes to push the installation of solar rooftop as much as possible and as soon as possible. During the period of high oil price measures. The Thai Patana Party will propose to the government to support the installation of 50:50 with the people, that is, the state to issue half and the people who install solar rooftop to the other half, to alleviate the situation with such high electricity bills.
Analysis: The work of the SAT does not quit the knot of tours outside the work|Even Mr. Ittiporn Boonprakong The chairman of the SAT will confirm the need to travel abroad to see the election preparations and the budget used is within the specified limit and has been approved by the council. There is a time lapse, but it does not cause suspicion and confidence in This SEC in the sense of a part of the people. The positive effect was as it should have been after criticism on social media about the trip abroad of As election day approaches, there is a strong movement on the issue. Whether Mr. Srisuwan Mr. Watchara Petthong, a former Bangkok MP for the Democratic Party, submitted a petition to the chairman. The SAT clarified the budget and opened the list of visiting groups while Mr. Nattawut Buapratum, the deputy leader of the far-reaching party, and Mr. Somchai Srisuthiyakorn, chairman of the Seri Ruam Thai Party's strategist. The SAT enumerated to clarify including the SAT Travel Quote to see readiness Instead, choose only countries with luxury. The top 3 countries where Thais registered to vote in 2019 were Australia, the United States, and China. There are 80,000 Thais living there, but they don't go, or even South Korea has tens of thousands of Thais or Malaysia who have had problems in the past. The SAT did not choose to travel even on one side. Mr. Ittiporn, chairman of the SAT would have hoped to reduce friction if the SAT went only to civilized countries, so he chose to go to South Africa to see the event. Kenya and Morocco instead, but because of the distrust in the organization, the SAT has been accumulating for a long time. Therefore, it is undeniable that it will be criticized and questioned anyway, the importance of lingering in the SAT has many implications and significance than souvenirs that However, it is a matter of integrity and transparency, which is an important task of the SAT for organizing and ensuring that elections are pure, fair and easily accessible to all parties while the time system of the SEC collapses. In the last day of early voter registration, April 9, 2023, some people Failure to register by the deadline of midnight is the latest case that has caused "work in". After the previous one, there was a matter of taking foreigners who do not have the right to vote to be included in the division of constituencies for MPs for the SAT or the Election Commission. It is one of the independent bodies according to the constitution. Since the 1997 version, the SAT has been set up with the important goal of conducting and holding elections in place of the Ministry of Interior, which is a government mechanism that is seen as being able to use its powers and mechanisms, including its officials, to benefit any party. The first batch of SAT was admired by people because they were serious. The kind that politicians still threaten because of their decisiveness and seriousness, which is a refuge for elections for everyone at all levels, is something that the SAT must be aware of and must be called back to the SEC.
Election 2023 : NCPO ready to push "Hat Yai", an international financial center|Democratic Party Chu restructured the economy of the South, pushing "Hat Yai" to become an international financial center in the region, attracting investors and generating sustainable income for local people today (20 April 2023). The Democrat Party's Economic Team held the 2nd press conference on "Guidelines for Economic Development at the End of the Axe of Thailand" led by Dr. Pisit Lee-Atham, former Finance Minister and Chairman of the Democratic Party's Policy Committee. Dr. Samart Ratchapolsit, former Deputy Governor of Bangkok, an expert in transport, infrastructure and large-scale projects, and Mr. Sasiprunt Chandratat. Former CEO of Krungsri Securities Public Company Limited and Mrs. Darunwan Charnpipattanachai Deputy Spokesperson of the Democratic Party, Mr. Niphat Udomaksorn, candidate for Songkhla District 2 of the Democratic Party, attended at Crystal Hotel Hatyai, Songkhla Province. All of the Democratic Party's policies focus on the economic strategy of "Create Money, Create Jobs, Build the Nation", which is meticulously designed and is the only party that raises money for its policies without incurring public debt or relying only on the national budget like any other party, but relying on untapped extrabudgetary management for southern economic development policies. The Democratic Party will restructure the economy of the South, especially by creating a new growth pole of Hat Yai City to become the new economic center of the South by pushing to become an international financial center in the region. In addition to attracting tourists and foreign investment. If Hat Yai becomes a new source of funds, it will be good for SMEs and startups in Hat Yai. and other provinces that will have easier access to capital and loans. Borrowing costs will be lower and the business will be upgraded to an international level. This will have a chain effect on the growth of key provinces in the South and the country as a whole, and on other economic sectors such as cross-border trade in the South with Malaysia. Indonesia, transportation, tourism, manufacturing, as well as hiring workers in Hat Yai is now time to develop into a financial hub as well, so that capital from China, India, Arab and ASEAN can bring in money. It can be used as a center for international financial transactions. Hat Yai is a city with a good business environment. It has excellent infrastructure. High competitiveness Dr. Pisit said that to create a good business environment to make Hat Yai City a financial center. The state has to put tools into it, such as tax incentives, immigration laws, telecommunications infrastructure, data technology, among other environments, if the Democratic Party takes the lead to form a government, Hatyai City will be developed into Hatyai International Financial Center, as has happened in many places in the world. Hat Yai residents will have more opportunities to work in fintech startups and will be a source of sustainable income. As an international financial center, which will have higher per capita income than industrial or agricultural income, Mr. Sasiprunt said that in order to make the country and Hat Yai a city that will attract investment, it must be equipped with complete infrastructure to achieve economic growth and prosperity throughout the country, not concentrated in Bangkok, creating economic corridors to spread out, such as the Northeast region will be the Corridor for agriculture, Bangkok for Healthcare, Southern Hat Yai to be the Corridor for trade and finance.
Election 2023 : Open the queue "Prayuth" to go north and south to ask for points.|Open queue Gen. Prayuth marches north and south starting April 21 Chiang Mai April 23 to Phitsanulok, followed by Udon Thani market on April 24 and flying south on April 29-30 at Songkhla and Satun today (April 20, 2023). Reporters reported that Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha's schedule was announced. The Prime Minister, as chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) and the party's prime minister candidate tomorrow (April 21), will launch his campaign in Chiang Mai province. Mr. Peeraphan Salirathvipak, Party Leader Mr. Eknath Promphan, General Secretary of the party, along with the party leaders, traveled on a chartered plane. The flight to AirAsia and the return flight to THAI Smile will depart at 10.00 a.m. from Don Mueang Airport, arrive in Chiang Mai at approximately 12.30 p.m., have lunch before 3.00 p.m., travel to Mon Chaem district to meet ethnic people, then at 5.00 p.m. travel to meet people at Si Bunrueang Flea Market (Mae Rim). Congressman for District 5, Thai National Building Party In addition, Chiang Mai has applicants. The party's MPs include Mrs. Kingkarn Na Chiang Mai in District 4, Sophon Kochum in District 6 and Santi Tansuhash in District 7. Gen. Prayuth will visit Phitsanulok province to pay homage to Buddha Shinraj. Wat Phra Sri Rattana Mahathat Woramahawiharaya to enhance the auspiciousness and pay homage to King Taksin. The trip to the Northeast region on April 24 will visit 3 Udon Thani areas by walking the market to meet the people and opening a small speech platform in the southern region on April 29. Gen. Prayuth on the campaign trail In the morning, walk to the market in Trang city, then go to the opening speech stage. Phatthalung province and overnight in Hat Yai. Before the morning of April 30, he will go to Satun province to campaign and in the afternoon return to campaign and open the stage of a big speech in Hat Yai. Read related news about the 2023 election: No problem! Broken banner to check MPs' names through online election 2023 : NCPO ready to push "Hat Yai" International Financial Center Election 2023 : Son "Wittaya Kaewparadai" flagged the RTTC District 1 Nakhon Si
Election 2023 : "Big Pom" announces Isaan Pracharath policy Ketubland Slide|"Big Fortress" leads the army NHRC announces "Isaan Power Pracharat" policy to win landslides, launches 5 giant projects to build dual-track railways in 6 industrial estates and wants to lift all 133 districts, stating that if they don't think they have votes, they will not think of this project today (April 20, 2023). Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister and Head of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP), along with Mr. Santi Prompat, Deputy Finance Minister, as the Secretary-General of the party. Gen. Thammarak Isarangkoon Na Ayutthaya, advisor to the party leader Gen. Tanya Kiatisan Member of the Party Executive Committee Jointly announcing the launch of the "Isaan Pracharat" policy to develop the Northeast region with the Bueng Kan-Utapao dual track railway, Gen. Prawit said that the Northeast and the Eastern region will be developed into a dual track railway from Bueng Kan province. The railway development project will pass through 13 provinces, namely Bueng Kan, Udon Thani, Sakon Nakhon, Kalasin, Roi Et, Surin, Buriram, Nakhon Ratchasima, Sa Kaeo, Prachin Buri, Chachoengsao, Chonburi, Rayong, and also connect 11 provinces namely Nong Khai, Khon Kaen, Chaiyaphum, Nakhon Phanom, Mukdahan, Ubon Ratchathani, Amnat Charoen, Yasothon, Sisaket, Nong Khai and Nong Bua Lamphu. The total distance is about 480 km. Affirmatively do it for Isaan people especially so that Isaan people have a job. We created this project for the people of Isaan, especially the Northeast, which 133 districts are one-third of the country. Gen. Prawit even cried that the Mega Project to the Northeast alone would make other sectors less happy or not. Gen. Prawit said, "We do the Northeast first. Will the North and South continue for this project, focusing only on the campaign period? Gen. Prawit said that only this project One project has been thought about for years, so don't think about it tomorrow, because if you finish tomorrow, do it. Thank you for your concern, but I'm not worried. Don't ask about other sectors just yet. Take the Northeast to prosper because 133 districts, which is one-third of the country for this project, expect to get more votes in the Northeast? Gen Prawit said Finance Minister Santi Promphat, as the party's secretary-general, said he would develop the Northeast. Open our Northeast to the world, as we look at each political party. The people of the 20 northeastern provinces and the 5 eastern provinces have asked for a landslide, but they have never seen any political party that thinks that they will develop the Northeast out of poverty or invest huge money to develop. No, only the NHS cares about the people of the Northeast. Over the past 20 years, the Northeast has not undergone any development. Mr. Santi said he is confident that the people of Isaan will have to choose all 133 districts for the NHRC. And 133 votes elected to the House of Assembly will raise their hands in favor. Gen. Prawit is the Prime Minister at that time. Therefore, the PDRC intends to construct a dual track railway project from Bueng Kan province, which is at the top of the Northeast, running straight down through the entire eastern Northeast region to Laem Chabang Port. Map Ta Phut Port and U-Tapao Airport to open the world for Isaan people to read related news in the 2023 election: Open queue "Prayuth" to go north and south to request votes for the 2023 election: Son "Wittaya Kaewparadai" flagged the RTTC District 1 Nakhon Si
Election 2023 : Check Political Party Rating Sticking to the flow of expensive electricity bills|But now almost all political parties are crushing energy policy to the extreme, especially during April-May. Every household faces a terrible electricity price, which May 1 will be the actual burning day after the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) sent a bill to collect electricity bills to their homes due to the continuous increase in FT fees due to the country's overflow of electricity reserves and the purchase of nearly 5,000 megawatts of additional electricity from the private sector. Meanwhile, the Energy Regulatory Commission (KGB) announced a new FT fee increase in May-August 2023 at 4.77 baht per unit nationwide, up from 98.27 satang per unit despite energy policy being the country's main problem. But all previous governments have never had a clear definition and management of energy. Whether it's alternative energy such as solar, wind, coal. Thus, monopolies and villagers run out of options. Must surrender to pay to the Pracharath Party of "Uncle Pom" Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. The government has a policy to reduce household electricity bills to 2.50 baht per unit and the industrial sector to 2.70 baht per unit. He said he had to reduce the electricity bill to 70 satang per unit or an average of 150 baht per house to have electricity trading with the new energy concession. Open the market to buy electricity from renewable energy Sold to private businesses and social activities like Lady Sudarat Keyurapun's Thai Build Thai Party, which refused to fall off. He said that as soon as he became the government, he would reduce the electricity bill to 3.50 baht per unit within 1 year. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha provides opportunities for farmers and low-income groups at 3.90 baht per unit and promote the liberal import of finished oil while Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha The head of the Thai Pattana Party suggested that short-term measures must be taken to solve the problem of high electricity bills. By encouraging the installation of solar rooftop and reducing the process of intergovernmental power trading on the small party side of Dr. Worong Dejkitvikrom. The leader of the Thai Phakdi Party has come to promote the use of alternative energy from energy plants, namely Napier grass, by reducing electricity bills to 2.50 baht per unit, but Phaethongtarn Shinawatra's Big Party for Thailand said it is ready to reduce energy costs by immediately lowering fuel and electricity prices and supporting the use of clean energy to reduce dependence on traditional energy. The head of the Pattanaklao Party proposes to dismantle the power generation structure and the network or transmission line in EGAT by being a separate state-owned enterprise. Solar panel mounting With a subsidy of 200,000 baht to install solar cells, the blue blood party "Democrat" Churin Laksanavisit proposed to review the electricity variation or FT and support clean energy has not yet reached the final corner, but all parties are ready to crush each other and leverage various strategies to compete. Not even one party. Follow up after the electricity bill is over, which trends will be shown to solve the problem again?
Election 2023 : SAT waits for embassy to determine election plan After the Sudan-Ukraine war|SAT president announces Sudan-Ukraine fighting Wait for the embassy to plan an election outside the kingdom. Believe me, no problem. If you have to evacuate back to Thailand, you may lose your right to vote, but you can report force majeure. 100% Overseas Election Confirmed Today (20 Apr 2023) Mr. Ittiporn Boonprakhong The chairman of the Election Commission said that if fighting in Sudan and Ukraine could affect the elections abroad, the Thai embassy in Cairo, which oversees Sudan, has formulated an election plan by setting up mobile polling stations, but it may be necessary to consider whether it is feasible. The decision will lie with the ambassador because it is close to the situation in Ukraine, where one person has registered to vote. DHL, which will be paid by the SAT so there should be no problem, Mr. Ittiporn said, adding that those who have migrated back to Thailand will not be able to vote on May 14 and should not be considered disqualified because they cannot vote outside the Kingdom. However, if you are afraid of losing your rights, you can report the reason for not exercising your right to return the ballot to Thailand. In order not to repeat the problem, the return of overseas ballots in 2019 was not counted. Mr. Ittiporn said the matter had already been rehearsed with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The overseas election process will run from April 24 to May 5, 2023, and the first lot of cards will be sent back to Thailand by May 9. When the card arrives in Thailand, it will be picked up at the airport and delivered to the post office before being distributed to various provinces and counting the votes simultaneously on May 14 after 5.00 p.m. onwards. Confirm that the overseas election is 100% readyAnalysis : The SAT will not quit the tour outside the 2023 election tour : No problem! Broken signs, check congressman's name online.
Election 2023 : SEC recommends checking voters' names before May 3|The SEC advises hosts to check their eligibility before going to the polls in advance on May 7 and May 14, if they cannot find their names or have other people's names on the house registration, they can add and withdraw their names before May 3 today (April 20, 2023). Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Voters are asked to check their names on the voter list before going to the May 14 and May 7 early voting days. If the voter or host sees that he or the person whose name is on the house registration is not on the voter list, he or she must submit a request to the district registrar or the local registrar and attach a copy of the house registration and ID card or any other ID card issued by the government. Where the person is not listed in the house registration, the voter or host shall submit a request to withdraw the name of the non-voter. Leave the voter list to the district registrar or local registrar. Voters can check the list of voters in or near the polling place, only the polling stations in the district or polling stations in the local government area, or the notification letter to the host or the smart voting application to read related news about "2 ballots" before entering the polling booth. May 14 Thai PBS holds 10 political parties on the stage of the 2023 election dbet: Check Political Party Rating Sticking to the flow of expensive electricity bills
Election 2023 : "Thanathorn" Chonburi Campaign Keep the same vote. Take back the chair from Congressman Cobra.|"Thanathorn" to Chonburi Province Retaining the same vote base, pulling back the chair from Cobra Hao MPs, confident that the party's popularity is growing steadily. If the formula to form a government is PT, join hands with the NHRC, fine. People can see what's what. Do not fear that the long step will be isolated because the friends of the party are the people today (April 20, 2023). Mr. Thanathorn Rungruangkit Progressive Party Campaign Assistant with Miss Benja Sangchan, applicant Progressive Party List MPs Went to Pattaya and Bang Lamung, Chonburi province to help District 8 candidate Charat Khum Khai Nam and District 9 candidate Yodchai Phungporn. and stop for a speech on a float at Takhian Tia Market. To invite people to come out and vote for both far-flung ballots part of the content of the speech. Thanathorn talks about building a country where there are no more coups. Build a complete democracy, all for the future of our children. We want to decentralize power to the local area so that budgets and projects are not concentrated only in the central area. The gap between rich and poor must be narrowed, and more importantly, the rule of law and rule of law must be created. The rich and the poor must be equal in law and state: Don't believe what people say goes to extremes. Developing a country as prosperous as Japan is not extreme. To get enough votes to form a government while the evening Mr. Thanathorn and Miss Benja went to help Mr. Worat Sirirak. District 1 Chonburi City Reporters reported that in the 2019 election, the former Future New Party won 3 seats out of 8 districts, but when looking at the scores that sent the new future to the MPs in each district, it was found that they won less than 5% of Pracharath's candidates, which is very close. The other 5 districts belong to the civil power. It was found that the scores of MPs candidates from the former New Future Party However, the ballot rules in the last election were not the same. In this election, Chonburi province has 10 districts out of the original 8 districts, Mr. Charat Khum Khai Nam, a former MP who stepped forward, had to retain the same seat in District 8 Bang Lamung. While Mr. Krit Chivathammanon Candidates for the next step must compete against Kwanler. Panichmat, a new future MP who moved to Proud Thai in District 6, Sriracha, Koh Sichang Meanwhile, Mr. Yodchai Pungporn, a candidate for District 9, must reclaim his seat from Kavinath. Ta Key, a former future MP who moved to the Pracharath Power Party, is now Mr. Thanathorn. He said that the field must reassure the people that the candidate of the far-right party is no longer a cobra. Strong ideology. Do not betray the people and intend to solve problems for the people. But he thinks there's not a lot of people addicted to Cobra. This problem is over. A new problem of concern is the systematic creation of fake news. Slander that a step forward will abolish public pensions. The news is not true, Chonburi province is both a tourist and industrial city. This causes traffic jams. Pollution, waste problems, water supply problems, as well as problems of the fisheries sector. The Progressive Party thinks that the party is ready to solve problems for the people in order to maintain the base of the New Future Party. 3 MPs in Chonburi province and penetrated the base of rival parties to gain More MPs in this area. Mr. Thanathorn said that the party and its candidates are trying to communicate to the brothers in the broader picture that the party wants to build a democratic country. No more coup. In terms of economy, the party wants to create a Thailand that gives its children jobs. Have own technology, not have to import from other countries unilaterally. There are good hospitals and schools close to home, campaign assistants go a long way. He said the party's trend continued to improve after the dissolution of Parliament as people became more interested in political news and elections. The party's candidates are even smarter, better, and more qualified than they were in the New Future Party. When the public sees the candidate's qualifications and party policies, as well as the party's work over the past four years, the party's popular vote has increased over the remaining 20 days. You have to walk a lot so that people understand the party's policies. At the national level, the party itself uses various debate platforms. A forum to inquire about various policies, proposing the policies, determination, determination and ideology of the party to reach as many people as possible. I don't think it's a long way and for Thailand is always fighting for votes from the same base After talking to people in many areas, there were people who had chosen Lung's party before, but this time he made it clear that he did not want it anymore and switched sides to vote for the opposition party in this round. He replied that in this part, I would have to go back and ask Mr. Pae Thongtarn or the Pheu Thai Party itself. Because in terms of moving forward, it is clear that they do not shake hands with the shifter soldiers because these people have brought Thailand to this point, which is a failure, either economically or politically. In the end, it may be for Thailand to join hands with the power of the state. And ready to act in opposition, Mr. Thanathorn concluded that who will isolate the party and how far the party is not worried because the party's friends are the people. Related News: Election 2023 : Check Political Party Rating Electricity bills are expensive for the 2023 election: SEC recommends checking eligibility to add and withdraw voters' names before May 3, 2023 elections: No problem! Broken signs, check congressman's name online.
Election 2023: "Big Tu" walks away, "Chuvit" pops up to question marijuana stance while campaigning for Chinatown|Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha leads the party. RTTC went to meet people at Lumpini Park and came to walk to Chinatown market to meet Chuvit Kamolvisit. He tried to talk and ask about his position, but Gen. Prayuth did not respond and immediately walked out of the noodle shop. Date 20 Apr 2023 Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, leading the party and candidates of MPs in the Bangkok area, met people at Lumpini Park and walked to Chinatown Market, stopping to patronize shops, pastry shops and eating fish noodles. Gen. Prayuth then tried to question the position of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party on marijuana policy. Gen. Prayuth walked out of the store. Enter Soi 2 that can go through to Texas alley, Gen. Prayuth Given that today is about the party. Before I concluded that I would hurry back today because I had documents to sign and my throat hurt. I said a lot earlier today. Gen. Prayuth pays homage to King Mongkut's Monument In front of Lumpini Park Before walking, greet the public for points and join in kicking muzzle with people who come to exercise for almost 20 minutes.
Election 2023 : "Big Tu" celebrates the 241st anniversary of the City Pillar Buddha|Gen. Prayuth led a merit making ceremony to celebrate the 241st anniversary of Rattanakosin Today (21 Apr 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Minister The Ministry of Defence presided over the 241st anniversary of the establishment of the City Pillar Buddha in 2023. Deputy Defence Minister Gen. Sanitchanok Sangkhachan Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Defence Gen. Santas Nontiphakhiran, director of the war veterans, attended the ceremony of Gen. Prayuth to pay homage to the Buddha image on the Buddha Tower and offer garlands and birthday bowls, then perform a ceremony to worship the City Pillar Buddha inside the City Pillar Shrine building with tartan cloth and garland offerings. Put incense sticks on the sacrifice machine, then start the monastic ceremony. There's King Maha Weerawong. The Secretary to the Patriarch of Wat Ratchabopitsathit Mahasimaram Ratchaworawihan presided over the monastic ceremony along with 9 monks to perform the ceremony. His Majesty the King spoke with Gen. Prayuth after leading the auspicious prayers. 38 Today is the day when the pillars of the city are raised. Rattanakosin on April 21, 2325 at 06.54 a.m.Bangkok will turn 241 years and turn 242 years, it is reported that Gen. Prayuth embroidered incense sacrificial offerings. Most of them are sweets, fruits, ducks, crabs, shrimps, pigs' heads. I got hit when I put a pig's head. I couldn't embroider 2-3 times, so I chose to embroider in the ear hole, so I embroidered it by the 2nd pig's head, so I embroidered in the pig's ear, so it was easy to embroider to read related news Thai PBS organized 10 political parties on the big debate stage. 
Election 2023 : The SEC reminded all parties to submit income and expenditure accounts. After May 14|The SEC warned all political parties to prepare to submit income and expenditure accounts for the election of MPs within 90 days after the May 14 election. Transparent at a specific time Today (21 Apr 2023) Election Commission (SEC) Invite representatives of political parties to attend a workshop to clarify the preparation of income and expenditure accounting for the election of members of the House of Representatives. By Maj. Gen. Natthawat Sengiamsak, Deputy Secretary-General The SAT stated that as a result of the Constitutional Assembly Act on Elections, Section 67 requires that within 90 days from the date of election. Political parties that submit candidates for MPs must submit an account of their election expenditures in a factual and lawful manner within the time and limit specified by the Deputy Secretary-General. The SAT said it was concerned about all political parties during the election campaign. In addition to focusing on the correct campaigning according to the regulations. It is also necessary to consider the preparation of income and expenditure accounting in accordance with the law because during the campaign there are expenses incurred all the time. Therefore, political parties must gather evidence to make it clear that political parties can submit income and expenditure accounts from May 15, 2023. After the May 14 election, in which 2019, there were candidates of political parties who had problems filing income and expenditure accounts in time. Therefore, political parties must be reiterated to do the right thing because it is their duty. The SEC must ensure that the elections are conducted successfully. The Election Commission held a workshop to clarify the preparation of election income and expenditure accounting for political parties. Be aware of the filing of expenses in accordance with the law and The Provincial Commission and Bangkok can clarify political parties to take legal action.
Election 2023 : The SAT pointed out that the color of the ballot is not the same as the color of the political party. |The chairman of the SAT pointed out that the color of the ballot is not the same as the color of the political party. Aim to reduce bad cards, accept 2 cards as a challenge with intensive tutoring. No tiptoe cards. Today (21 Apr 2023) Mr. Ittiporn Boonprakhong Chairman of the Election Committee Regarding the color of the ballot, he said that there are two types of ballots, the zonal election will be "purple". As for the "green" roster, When considering the color of the card, I thought of a color that would not be duplicated with the color of the political party. Therefore, the chosen color of the card will not be affiliated with any political party. In the case of ballots that need to be packed with numbers on a single piece of paper, it may be a hindrance for the elderly. Mr. Ittiporn said that from the sample card seen at the meeting, SAT It is not very compact, because if it exceeds the amount, another size of paper will be used. And if it is a principle, if there are few candidates in the constituency, it may be a suitable size paper or A4 size, but if there are a lot of candidates, it may be a larger size paper, and if there are many people worried about the column in the ballot, the first column and the latter will confuse people or not. The ballots cast this time are similar to the 2011 and 2014 elections, during which time there will be two ballots, zoning and list. This time The amended Act on the Election of MPs states that two things must be done differently, so what is done is in line with current practice and law. When asked about the number of bad ballots that will occur in this election. Mr. Ittiporn said aim to minimize losses. In the last election, it was 4 percent, and this time with two cards, I realized that it was different from the last time and it was a challenge. Therefore, the process of continuously publicizing to the public must be done even more. Hopefully, if there is strong publicity, it will reduce confusion and bad cards. And in front of the polling station itself, there will be a public relations board as a preliminary information. In addition to the candidate's profile, for example, it is important to be careful not to take a photo of the ballot at the polling place. Do not take the ballot outside the unit. The 2019 tiptoe card is, according to the data we have, 8 polling stations out of 92,320 polling stations, if the percentage is less than 0.01, but that's not something we won't try to make it happen. In this regard, we have trained the members of the Election Unit (MPA). Again, intensely what should be done to prevent tiptoe cards? A good example is seen in the 2022 Bangkok election, there are no tiptoe cards at all, so this time we hope there are no tiptoe cards, or if there is, keep it to a minimum. The SEC reminded all parties to submit income and expenditure accounts. After 14 May 2023 Election : "Big Tu" celebrates the 241st anniversary of the 2023 election : SEC recommends checking voters' names before May 3
Analysis: "Tight" alliance of "Big Tu"|Whatever the situation, Chaokhun Thongchai or currently King Maharaj Mongkolmuni, assistant abbot of Wat Traimit Wittayaram. The central primate is often a spiritual reliance and helps to boost morale and strength for "Big Tu". Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha always lasts. Gen. Prayuth's visit to the Buddhist monk ceremony or prayer at Wat Traimit on April 19, 2023 The ceremony was organized by Khun Thongchai, who was there to greet him. Gen. Prayuth and walked to the temple while Gen. Prayuth was in a smiling mood before and after the ceremony. Amid the cheers of FC and some Buddhists who attended the ritual, it is believed that the day Jupiter moves the zodiac sign is an event of consolation and confidence. At a time when the opposite pole was led by 2 major parties, namely for Thailand and beyond. They are moving with great enthusiasm, marching to meet and address people in several forums a day and reinforcing policies that resonate with the people. In particular, the Pheu Thai Party's 10,000-baht digital wallet and the implementation of military reform policies, including the abolition of military conscription, have reflected in the results of the polls. The popular vote is still at the top of the table, but the popular vote of Gen Prayuth and his allies polarized the previous government. I can't move up, but on the other side. Attending temples to worship sacred things is considered a fundamental Dhamma day of Thai political society that no matter what Thai politicians have to do, but this time others do not dare to use it as a selling point, unlike Gen. Prayuth, which is considered to expand the voting base among Buddhists who respect the faith in the elder monks or temples corresponding to the faith of "Big Tu" because each image has a disciple of all the followers while Khun Thongchai. It is a senior monk that Buddhists generally worship and has the distinction of having connections with famous people and playing a role in Thai society today. Policemen, businessmen and politicians and used to award the Lord Shivanathraj Medal as a way to empower them. Increase the prestige of Gen. Prayuth when he presided over the ceremony to raise the main pillar of the reception building. At the beginning of March 2023, Chaokhun Thongchai also performed a prayer ceremony for Gen. Prayuth during a visit to Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. At Sala Pun Temple Including the installation of the Norasing statue on the balcony on the 2nd floor of the Thai Khu Fah Building, it is said that Khun Thongchai performed the ceremony in hopes of eliminating dangers and bad things from entering Thailand. In mid-2021, it was not only Khun Thongchai who was an ally and backup morale for "Big Tu" because in attending the prayer ceremony at Wat Traimit also appeared the body of "Chao Sua Thanin". Mr. Tanin Jiaravanon CP Group senior president and his important heir, Supakit magnate, also attended the ceremony and at the same time they arrived, they got out of the car at the same time and followed Khun Thongchai side by side to the temple of Wat Traimit to attend the ceremony. Gen Prayuth would later say he had not made any appointments with anyone. Mr. Tanin is already scheduled to attend the ceremony. It was an accidental encounter, but for scholars like Assoc. Prof. Oran expressed an interesting view that "in politics there is no coincidence". Many MPs and leaders of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party will secretly rejoice deeply.
Election 2023: "Big Tu" Aew Nuea FC welcomes "Kingkan" to bless sitting Prime Minister Another reign. |"Big Tu", leader of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, helps MPs campaign for "King Kan" Lanna wishes to come back as Prime Minister again. Walking the local market warmly welcomed. Taste the famous rice soi. Today (21 Jan 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister as Prime Minister's candidacy The ruling Thai National Building Party (RTSO) has taken administrative leave to the north, along with party leader Peeraphan Saliratwiphak, Anucha Burapchaisri, who has been elected to the north of the country. The party and his delegation traveled to Chiang Mai province to help the Ruam Thai Party candidate campaign for Gen. Prayuth and his group went to pay homage to the monks at Yang Kuang Temple. Then, Mrs. Kingkarn Na Chiangmai, candidate for Chiang Mai MP District 4, led the candidate for Chiang Mai Congress. The Ruam Thai Nation Building Party in all 10 constituencies watered Lanna-style wishes for the New Year and wished him to become prime minister again after the election. Be in good health and have the strength to work for the country. Gen. Prayuth along with Mr. Peeraphan and Mr. Chinphat Kitlertsiriwattana Chiang Mai congressional candidate for District 1 No. 9 walked to meet vendors and people at Kom Market. At Yang Kuang Temple to ask for support to choose the candidate of the No. 9 Party and choose the No. 22 Party, with vendors and people who came to the market interested in shaking hands and asking to take photos with Gen. Prayuth, many of them then stopped by Lungprakit Restaurant, an old traditional restaurant in Chiang Mai province and one of the dishes to serve APEC leaders 2022 before traveling to Doi Mon Chaem. The SEC reminded all parties to submit income and expenditure accounts. After 14 May 2023 Election: "Big Tu" celebrates the 241st anniversary of Thai PBS, presenting 10 political parties on the big debate stage
15 days to strike Supreme Administrative Court orders NACC to open information on "Big Pom" case to borrow a friend's watch |The Supreme Administrative Court ordered the NACC to release the information on the property report, the opinion of the officer, and the minutes of the inquiry meeting. "Prawit" borrowed a friend's watch within 15 days today (April 21, 2023) Supreme Administrative Court The judgment was given to the Office of the National Anti-Corruption Commission and the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC). Disclosure of fact-finding reports and evidence gathering All documents related to the hearing. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister deliberately filing false property statements or concealing facts that should be known. The case does not show that there are many wristwatches and rings of the NACC, as well as the opinions of the authorities. All persons responsible for such investigations and the minutes of the Board of Directors' meetings. According to the decision of the Committee on Information Disclosure, Social Branch. Within 15 days from the date of the Supreme Administrative Court's decision, the Supreme Administrative Court reasoned that when the Committee on Information Disclosure made a ruling, the Office of the NACC and the NACC disclosed the fact-finding report and gathered all documentary evidence related to the investigation. Gen. Prawit deliberately submitted a false asset statement at Veera Somkid's request and binding it on the office. The NACC and the NACC must comply with the Government Information Act B.E. 2540 (1997), so the failure of the NACC and the NACC to disclose such information to Mr. Veera Somkit is a neglect of duty as required by law.
Election 2023 : "Thai PBS" Holds "Big Bet" for 10 Political Party Leaders with 5 Questions and Thailand's Future 6 Months After Election|"Thai PBS" Hosts "Big Bet" 10 Political Party Leaders with 5 Questions and Future of Thailand 6 Months After "Election" by Sutthichai Yun and Pornwadee Lattanadee with 2.5 hours of questions and answers today (21 April 2022) at 6.00 p.m. at Convention Hall. Public Broadcasting Authority of Thailand (Thai PBS) organizes big debate The 5-point question was asked for leaders of 10 political parties to share their ideas and approaches to each political party ahead of the elections that will be held on May 14. The program runs for 2.5 hours and is divided into 4 sessions. Asked all political parties "In the first 6 months, if I become a government, how will it change the image of Thailand?" Universal and equitable health welfare policy- Environmental Policy and Clean and Sustainable Air - Debt Resolution Policy - Policy for the Elderly in the Third Phase Each political party shall exchange views and present the party's approach. On issues of interest to society, such as military reform. Overhaul of the police and populist policies, etc., and in the last period, each political party. This was followed by the final question, "If you were a government, you wouldn't choose to do anything for the country", with the 10 respondents of the political party leader, Korn Jatikvanich. Leader of the Pattanaklao Party, Warawut Silpa-archa Head of the Thai Patana Party, Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes Leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, Jurin Laksanavisit Leader of the Democratic Party Dr. Prommin Lertsurudej Policy Chairman, Pheu Thai Party, Pitha Limcharoenrat Leader of the Progressive Party, Khun Sudarat Keyurapan Thai Sang Thai Party Leader, Anutin Charnvirakul, Proud Thai Party Leader, Mingkwan Saengsuwan Power Pracharath Party and Wittaya Kaewparadai The Ruam Thai Party built the nation at the very beginning. The moderator asked, "In the first 6 months, if I become a government, how will it change the image of Thailand?" and where the budget will be spent, representatives of political parties starting from Anutin Charnvirakul, the leader of the Proud Thai Party, said, "We mainly focus on quality of life and stomach. It will accelerate the remediation of damage caused by COVID, such as giving a 3-year moratorium on debt free from flower-free trees to be repaid in the 4th year, setting up a negotiation fund to buy people's debts. In order for people to be able to create themselves, Thai people can borrow 50 thousand without a guarantor after 30 days, repay 150 baht per day. Our party will issue a life insurance policy for Thais aged 60 years and above. What will be done will be sooner than 6 months. The leader of the Pattanaklao Party said, "We focus on increasing money in the bag, meaning in terms of increasing income opportunities. Reduce the cost of living Solve the problem of expensive Start solving 3 expensive product problems, such as dismantling the structure to reduce energy prices. Oil, electricity, unfair taxation, increase borrowing opportunities of Warawut people Paresthesia Art The head of the Thai Patana Party said: "The first thing we will do is Asia Pacific. Carbon Credits Regions Next is to procure an MP to amend the Constitution. Just like when Banharn Silpa-archa was Prime Minister and next year we will experience El Niello. We must urgently find water for our brothers and sisters. We have done so many things today, but we will make it to every village. Electricity bills today are very expensive. If the FT is as high as 60 satang we will encourage people to install solar cells at home. The government will pay half of the cost. The people are out half-witthaya. The Ruam Thai Nation Building Party said that we will take care of people who need state welfare cards and will continue to do so immediately. There are now 12 million people who are using this card, which we can do immediately when people earn 1,000 baht, they should have a source of loan. Don't be afraid of going into debt because the Government Savings Bank will deduct it in half. We solve midstream, downstream, but we don't take upstream seriously. How do you finish when you get stuck? As for where the money will come from, it is already 12,000 million baht a month. The government can find Maj. Gen. Seripisut Temiewes. The leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said that the most urgent thing to do without relying on a lot of budget is that the drug problem must be zero and polls already exist that the best person to defeat it must be me. Another normal budget is to suppress corruption. I've been in charge of anti-corruption my whole life, no matter what the law. When I was a policeman, I still bought votes in Buriram for 11 million baht. Never had I been able to defeat corruption. The DEA is working too much to consolidate power. About soaking there. We split the power of the DEA. Corrupt bureaucrats bring them to the police to do their job the same way. Let me take care of this place, so there's going to be a lot of money left to run the country. Laksanavisit, head of the Democratic Party, said the immediate action is to guarantee farmers' income, cassava, rubber, corn and fruit prices must be improved. Inject money into the economy nationwide into community village banks, provident funds, totaling 300 billion baht to lend to buy a house or use house debt which is a large debt. Pheu Thai Party Policy Chairman said: "It is important that we have experience. We have to change after the 2014 coup. Transforming an obstacle state into a service state and promoting it is to make the people Earn more A plan has already been put in place to revive the farmers. Knowledge to adapt Find a market, which we have to look at both domestically and internationally. Debt relief farmers according to The CBA, we've been there. We go to prepare a large sum that we will top up in the digital wallet. We have a 6-month mechanism management should be ready for Pitha Limcharoenrat. The leader of the far-right party said, "Do anything. We will send Sirikanya Tansakul to be the finance minister and do this job, the next thing is to help farmers, it will be about the land of the self-built cooperative estate, which has 16.5 million rai of land. No need to amend the law, amend the Constitution Khun Sudarat Keyurapan The leader of the Thai Sang Thai Party said, "We look at the economy first, the little people, change the economic shape to the image of rugby ball, propose laws to support the little people. The 1,400 laws that oppress people are often exploited are those related to obtaining permission and not allowing mascot Saengsuwan. The Power Pracharath Party said it opened the energy issue 2 months ago about how much to reduce the price of gasoline, 18 baht per liter of gasoline, 6.30 baht for diesel. Now the price is 420 per barrel. And ask for a reduction of 15 kg of gas to just 250 baht back during the 5 prime ministers.3. Now the price is 4.20 baht and will rise to 4.77 satang will reduce the FT fee and if the house is left at 2.50 baht per unit and the private sector will not charge the FT Read related news in the 2023 election: "Big Debate Stage" Thai PBS: 10 Parties Aim to Solve 5 big national problems 
Election 2023: "Big Debate Stage" Thai PBS: 10 Parties Aim to Solve 5 big national problems|Political parties on the big dbet stage Thai PBS announces solutions to 5 key issues If he runs the country, corruption in the public sector. Universal Health, Environment and Clean and Sustainable Air, Debt Relief, Poverty and Policy for the Elderly today (21 April 2022) at 6.00 p.m. at Convention Hall. Public Broadcasting Authority of Thailand (Thai PBS) organizes big debate The 5-point question was asked for the leaders of 10 political parties to share their answers to the Thai people about the ideas and approaches of each political party ahead of the election on May 14. The program ran for 2.5 hours, with the second session answering questions from the people's votes and regional forums with 5 issues: - Anti-Corruption Policy in the Public Sector- Universal and equitable health welfare policy- Environmental Policy and Clean and Sustainable Air - Debt Resolution Policy - Policy for the Elderly Khun Sudarat Keyurapan Thai Build Thailand Answering the question of debt resolution policy: Debt resolution is important because our debt is very high, so we have to solve debt in the whole system. For SMEs, the so-called Code 26 is that they have good debt before and then become bad debt due to the government's policy during COVID, they will suspend their debts, including farmers, to suspend their debts for 3 years and interest free for 2 years so that they can get out of the ICU. From food must be the center of world cuisine. Farmers must be able to set their own selling price. Travel spread throughout the country. There are high-quality tourists. The high-income and verifying hub will replace the medical hub that was done 22 years ago, which will sell super soft power for 5 million within 3-4 years, will expand the commercial market from 70 million to 3000 million. Thailand connects China and India. To increase the country's trade market immediately and use Thailand's location to become a global gate of the region and the world, Khun Sudarat will push the Thai canal and study it seriously. It will create an investment area. Attracting investment from the whole world to live in Thailand by studying seriously and pushing true science. Kaew Paradai from Unite Thailand to Build the Nation said that there are two types of debt: borrowing debt to generate income and debt in the bureaucracy. The debt in question is the debt from poverty found in rural areas. The Ruam Thai National Building Party will solve immediate problems from the welfare card of Pitha Limcharoenrat. Progressive Party proposes 3-T policy on health welfare 1. Increase equity in the system. Currently, 1 doctor in Bangkok accepts 300 patients, but doctors in Bueng Kan have to accept 3,000 people. 2. Increase the pace in the system, must keep pace with prevention rather than treatment by more than adding more vaccines, screening 6 cancers for people without requiring doctors to order screening, including dental mental and physical health3. Reduce the endurance of doctors and nurses. Nowadays, working 100 hours/week or 14 hours/day, 500-600 healthcare workers have to move in. Private hospitals because they can't stand it. The Progressive Party proposes to work no more than 60 hours per week, all 3 of which cost 25,000 million baht, said Anutin Charnvirakul from the Proud Thai Party. Answering the question of anti-corruption in the state system, the current Constitution There are enough penalties for corruption, but I hope that enforcement will be most effective and non-discrimination during the private sector. For 4 years, there is no discrimination at all, and ATK is open to buying at affordable prices. As for the transport that said that his party was corrupt, but when the matter reached the court, the court dismissed all the cases, it was considered that there was no corruption, but the people had already lost the opportunity. The complainant was hit by The NACC asked for an opportunity for people to participate in monitoring and investigating corruption in the field of Dr. Prommin Lertsurudej from the Pheu Thai Party: If compared to the previous period, corruption has increased. Because the state gives bureaucrats too much power, which doesn't shake their heads. The tail does not wag, must be suppressed from above, making the various systems of the government transparent at every step. Law enforcement is not a business tool, and drugs and gambling are part of what officers do for a living. The Pheu Thai Party will use the asset seizure law for environmental policy. Warawut Silpa-archa from the Thai Patana Party Answer environmental and clean air policy questions According to the report, 70 per cent of the city's traffic comes from the streets, and it was found that during the COVID-19 pandemic, the long-term good weather will promote the use of electric cars and public transport. Agricultural provinces will have to import and burn in a medium-term greenhouse gas emission reduction system, will propose the Transboundary Haze Pollution Act in Singapore. If investing abroad Laos, Myanmar will punish Long-term push for carbon credits when asked why being Minister for 4 years is unsolvable. Mr. Warawut "Because the situation is not severe from COVID and La Niña, but now people are back to their old way of life. Next year will be tough enough as this year, and when asked if he would like to come back to work at the polls, Churin Laksanavisit from the Democratic Party said that PM2.5 problems come from within the country and from neighboring countries. If you look at the numbers, 25-40% of open air burning, followed by traffic 20-30, factories and construction 15-20. Jurin said there is a law to deal with it, but he understands farmers can't grow if they don't burn it. They have to go down to understand because it will not be worth spending and find other incentives for farmers, the reporter reported. Responding to a question on the issue of corruption, Mr. Jurin said that what will help is that the people must not support politicians who buy votes. The losers are people getting 500-1,000 baht instead of 100 bridges and 1,000 hospitals. 20,000 schools will not be complete.
Election 2023: "Big Debate Stage" Thai PBS Recommends Combating Cheating, Fighting Vote Buying, Reducing Generals, Pulling Black Business Up on Earth|Leaders of 10 political parties propose comments on "Big Bet Stage" Thai PBS recommends anti-corruption and vote-buying to block the withdrawal of politicians' capital, reform the military, require everyone to come voluntarily and reduce generals to use the budget for other developments. - Pull black businesses up on the ground or lose taxes today (April 21, 2023) Public Broadcasting Authority of Thailand (Thai PBS) organizes big debate The 5-point question was asked for the leaders of 10 political parties to share their answers to the Thai people about the ideas and approaches of each political party ahead of the election on May 14. The program ran for 2.5 hours with the third part of the program. The MC asked each political party to exchange views and present the party's approach. On issues of interest to society, such as military reform. Police overhaul and populist policies Dr. Brahmin Lertsuridej from Pheu Thai Party Answering questions on economic and populist issues, he said that real politics is for the economy. It has to make the populace popular. The Pheu Thai Party will triple farmers' incomes, expand tourism incomes, and support the state sector to support businesses. Anutin Charnvirakul from the Proud Thai Party said the same issue said that Thailand needs to be strong in the economy by driving 4 pillars: government spending, foreign investment. He visited several ambassadors. Everyone says the same thing, 10 years from now, Thailand and ASEAN. To be the economic center of the world. We must create opportunities for Thailand to become a "health hub" to care for the elderly around the world. The Proud Thai Party will use populist policies rationally. Don't get drunk on the people. It does not burden the country in the future when asked if cannabis has ever been said to be an economic crop – stimulating the economy. Anutin said the Proud Thai Party's marijuana had already been achieved. Remove marijuana from drugs Most of the parties approved the principle of marijuana legalization, but for political reasons the marijuana law has not yet passed the House, but it has not fallen. If the party goes back, it will push this legislation for economic-populist issues. Mascot Saengsuwan from Pracharath Power said that Thailand must not forget who we are and gave examples of 3 countries that can become economic powerhouses, such as Japan, South Korea and China. We have agriculture in our hands and if the NHRC is the government, it will cause economic growth rate greater than or equal to what Thailand claims mascot. End of the motto of the NHRC to overcome conflict If we can stop fighting, we will solve problems and overcome poverty. The NHRC has a poor card. It has an elderly policy. It has an energy policy. It will reduce the cost of living. Fuel, gas, and electricity costs Pitha, from the Progressive Party, said the fight against corruption is the price we have to pay when allowing a coup in Thailand. That was 8 years ago. Thailand's corruption index was over 80th but has now fallen to over 110th, with Vietnam once ranked 90th and now up to 70th. The equation for corruption, to put it bluntly, is the discretion of the authorities. There is a monopoly on data and there is no liability for such processes. What needs to be done is to reduce the discretion of the authorities, reduce the law. Reduce time to know the results License Cancel unnecessary licenses Monopoly of non-transparent information must be entirely open. Don't use royal funds to promote yourself, and people need to be large enough to be impeached. Meanwhile, Churin from the Democratic Party focuses on the problem of corruption because it is considered to destroy the economy, foreigners do not come to invest, money under the table is high, and if it has to seize power in political negotiations such as FTA, Europe does not negotiate, and when it changes to an elected government, it is now counting. Jatikwanich from the Pattanaklao Party said the problem of corruption is important to the system. And then catch and then have to be punished real Therefore, from defeating corruption, we cannot let people be good people alone. The main root cause of corruption is the bureaucracy with complicated procedures. Judgment is exercised by law, with bureaucratic rules, must be dismantled entirely with technology, and the knots that cause corruption must be solved by turning tribute into taxes. Underground business, gray business A business in the dark that's a source of dirty money. If possible, why not put it on the bright place? In addition to tackling corruption, the problem will be solved as state revenue. In order to take care of the people while the issue of military reform. Police overhaul Maj. Gen. Seripisut Temiewes The leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party joins DBATE with 2 other political parties. It states that reform, whether police or military, must reform people. Police reform organization and work system in terms of personnel The prosecution class will accept bachelor's degrees, and the diploma class will also accept the bar code. In addition, the defense and suppression tasks will be divided separately, while Witthaya from the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party said about military reform, saying that the state must have soldiers to protect its sovereignty, but the process of joining the military must have dignity and dignity, such as conscripts. They should not be chosen as servants in the House of Police Reform, who are law enforcement, which has thousands of criminal penalties in Thailand. It is seen as consolidating the investigative power, and those in the investigation system will feel that there is less chance because they use the power to investigate alone, but those who have the power to arrest and suppress the power around the kingdom. This is because the Prime Minister became the chairman of the Police Commission, so politicians - MPs sent their own lists to the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister sent the list to the Police Commission and said, "I used to be a policeman, I know". Want to build a professional army Few retired old soldiers still want to stay in power and upset the army by a coup. Sudarat said that when reducing the army, there will be money to develop technology and increase welfare money for the younger generation to solve corruption because they will have to migrate or even if they stay in the same place, they will still have to pay. Sudarat said 90 years of democracy fought between people-elected democracy and military-led bureaucracy, 90 years of competing for power, and bad in the last 17 yearsRead related news about 2023 elections: "Big Debate Stage" Thai PBS: 10 Parties Aim to Solve 5 big problems for the 2023 national elections: "Thai PBS" Holds "Big Bet" for 10 Political Party Leaders with 5 Questions and Thailand's Future 6 Months After Election
Election 2023: "Big Pom" leads the NHRC team Get on the Korat Men campaign train. |"Big Pom" rides the train in 50 years, leading the Pracharath Power team to ride the train to vote for the 66th election in Korat Men "Settha" announced not to shake hands I never said I'd catch it. The situation is conducive to transcending conflict. Tell Thai not to break kingdoms No fighting, like neighbors today (April 22, 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Leader of the Power Pracharath Party, along with party leaders such as Mr. Santi Prompat, Secretary-General of the party. Mr. Virat Rattanasett Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn, Deputy Party Leader Waiting for Thammanat Prompao to come to Bang Sue Central Station to walk to Nakhon Ratchasima province, Gen. Prawit wore a white polo shirt over a blue jacket and jeans, with a smiling expression and a good mood, got on the bogie of a regular class train, which is a train that is shared by the general public, namely the fast train 135 Bangkok - Ubon Ratchathani. Gen Prawit said it was not hot then in the afternoon. Gen. Prawit and his group will pay their respects to the people of Korat before opening the evening with a grand speech at Save One Market. During the procession stopped at Pathum Thani station, there were candidates and fans waiting at the platform of the Power Pracharath Party. Bring roses to cheer you up. Gen. Prawit said in an interview that he was not seated. Trains have been around since they were cadet students or 40-50 years ago. This train trip to Isaan hopes to use the train to develop the Northeast area. Open the automotive industry and other industries, including vocational schools, to get jobs so that they do not leave the area and help create jobs for the targeted Northeast region. Congressman of the Northeast. Gen. Prawit asked him to ask Mr. Wirat, who is the team leader, because the party leader did not look at the area. This project will connect the eastern region and will make many provinces in the Northeast region prosper. I want to plant a flag in the Northeast, but I don't know whether to be the president or not to be elected in the council for the case of Mr. Settha Thaweesin. Pheu Thai Party's Prime Minister Candidate Announces No Joining Hands with Power Pracharath Party and Uniting Thailand to Build the Nation Gen. Prawit asked the media who When the media reiterated that it was Mr. Settha, Gen. Prawit replied that it was okay. He said he crossed the conflict. I want the whole country to be one and work together. As for political thoughts, who would have thought that? He still can't force the media and asks if he can force it. If not, then why ask for a way to overcome conflict? Gen. Prawit said that this is the way that people know that Thai people must cooperate, must coexist, serve the homeland, must make the land prosperous and accept that this atmosphere is conducive to an atmosphere of transcendence of conflict. The neighboring countries are divided into 4-5 factions, they can still unite and bring prosperity to the country, and we are not very divided. Haven't fought much. I don't have to do anything, but I have to make people feel that Thai people have to repay the merits of the land.  
Analysis: The game of catching the pole "moving forward"|With less than a month to go until the May 14 election, each party's campaign is intense, measuring the popularity of each area to gain an advantage. District MPs, MPs from each party's roster of leaders battled their visions on the latest DBET stage last night (April 21, 2023). Thai PBS Stage from those who attended the stage Representatives of each party were able to measure the trend of popularity at an interesting level. In line with the previous polls, which the party will not mention is "a step forward", it can be seen that in the period after the dissolution of Parliament, the score of the far-reacher. According to opinion polls conducted by both some media outlets and professional polling bureaus. Pitha Limcharoenrat's score has continued to improve. Some polls are even ahead of Paethong Tarn Shinawatra, the prime minister's candidate for Thailand, who has always led to analyze the reasons why the score of the far-right has improved, unlike for Thailand that has begun to stabilize or other parties that move slightly up or down. Get on the Korat Men campaign train PTT does not shake hands in Thai PBS DBS DBET stage "Pitha" credits the entire team, especially Keyman, who went to the campaign area in the form of a starburst while reiterating that the party's position and ideology also contribute to making people's decisions easier like this. Based on data from all polling bureaus, Thailand came in 1st place with a stance of a long way. If he wins as the No. 2 party, however, the conditions for polarization with some parties may be a factor in forming a government. Which is when you talk to someone. Any key man, he's going to be talking in the same direction. If for Thailand, it must join hands with the power of the state. Part of this is because the Red Shirts changed their minds because they started liking the clarity. Yesterday (April 21) at Wang Saphung District, Loei Province. The Prime Minister's candidacy for Thailand said during one of his speeches that there was always a question of whether Thailand would join forces with the civil state or unite Thailand to build the nation because these 2 parties were involved in the coup. He's a small boat. Don't be next to each other. Definitely not together when Thailand adapts its strategy to create clarity. As we said earlier, we have to keep the fish in the pond, and in the remaining 2-3 weeks, we may see a strategy of going far, saying that there will be 2-3 bomb cards, all of which are the conclusion that the rating is good. This may be a game to measure the heart of the Pheu Thai Party to choose to decide whether to join hands with the far-right or the power of the state and the polarity of the previous government.
Election 2023: "Anutin" declares "Proud Thai" stance and has not shaken hands with anyone to form a government|"Anutin" has made its position "Proud Thai" clear that he has not shaken hands with anyone to form a government, the Prime Minister must be a candidate of the party, ready to oppose the movement to dissolve the party, causing the destruction of the atmosphere of democracy today (April 22, 2023). The Secretary-General of the Proud Thai Party has stated the stance of the Proud Thai Party. to the political situation. During the election campaign, Anutin said the party would not consider how to form a government until the official election results announced by the Election Commission were known. Currently, the party has not been contacted or approached by any political party and has not responded or polarized with any political party to form a government after the Proud Thai Party election. Support the political party that received the number 1 vote from the people to form the government first, and ask you to succeed. Other political parties will have the right to form a government, which must be in accordance with the provisions of the constitution. Anutin said the party was opposed to the motion to dissolve political parties that had already begun to make waves because it would undermine the atmosphere of democratic elections.
Election 2023: "Settha" reiterates "For Thailand" resolution Do not shake hands with the "NHRC-RTSO"|"Settha" reiterates resolution "for Thailand" Don't shake hands with the NHS-RTSC Tell "Big Tu" should be elegant to ask the SEC to approve the central budget to solve expensive lights during the election campaign. Today (22 Apr 2023) Mr. Settha Thaveesin Pheu Thai Party's prime minister candidate gave an interview while visiting Phetchabun province. After clearly declaring not to shake hands with the Power Pracharath Party and the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party that it is a party resolution, and Ms. Paethong Tarn Shinawatra, the party's prime minister candidate, also agreed because it is the way it wants to form a one-party government. Mr. Settha reiterated that the Pheu Thai Party has always been clear and has always spoken the truth about what its intentions are. As for whether the people will pour their votes after making it clear that they will not shake hands with these two parties, it is up to the people to decide and want to see the policy that the Pheu Thai Party wants to eradicate poverty. Creating equality for the people Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Pracharath Party Saying that the Pheu Thai Party does not shake hands with the Pracharath Party is okay. Mr. Settha said Gen. Prawit has his own position and policy, which will have to fight over who will make the people heal better. The Prime Minister will ask for permission. SAT approves central budget Solving the problem of high electricity bills, which during the election campaign, said that it is a matter of grace to act because it has been the government for a long time, but people are suffering from water and electricity bills. Energy bills have long been expensive, and I believe people can decide what's right. What's inappropriate? He did not want to criticize anyone's policies or work methods personally did not contradict Gen. Prayuth because he wanted to eradicate poverty for the people. Whether it affects the vote or not. People can make decisions because they don't just look at short-term policies, but also long-term policies to see whose policies their children can live by. Settha said the Pracharath Party has been in government for 4 years, but why are people still suffering? The people themselves are clearly unhappy and confident that the Pheu Thai Party is on the right track to solve problems for the people.
Election 2023: "Do not take photos of voters while entering booths" The SAT reiterated the party's representatives. Follow the rules|With 22 days to go until Election Day, May 14, the SAT reminds voters to vote. Check the information on the exercise of rights and issue a document explaining the authority and duties of the directors of the polling stations and representatives of political parties who will participate in the election observation today (April 22, 2023). In order to observe the voting or counting of votes, the requirements must be submitted by submitting a letter requesting the appointment of a representative of a political party to the area. Representatives of political parties must be present at the designated venue where they can see the operation.Read more: "Settha" reiterates resolution "For Thailand" Do not shake hands with the "NHRC-RTSO" by prohibiting them from doing or responding to directors or officers of polling stations who are engaged in performing their duties, and prohibiting recording of duties, prohibiting recording of voters, and complying with the requirements of polling station officials if they violate them. The director of the central election unit shall warn or order or may leave the polling place. The place of counting the votes, depending on the incident and the case that occurred, shall be carried out by the security officer and recorded in the incident report of the election with a "diary". "Proud Thai" has not shaken hands with anyone to form a government. The SEC also reminded voters to check voter usage information, polling stations or near polling places, or notification letters to the host or via the Smart Vote application by checking the list of names which use only the national identification number. Before going to the early voting Sunday, May 7 and Sunday, May 14 general election day, "Big Pom" leads the NHS team. Get on the Korat Men campaign train.
Election 2023: "Moving Forward" Speech Calls for New Generation Vote In front of Samyan Mitrtown|"Pitha-Thanathorn-Piyabut-Pannika" Join forces to raise the voice of the people of the city. Calls for "far-reaching" choice in hopes of the administration of the country More efficient Not in a coup whirlpool like today (April 22, 2023). The Progressive Party held a big speech. Samyan Mitrtown courtyard Bangkok People's Campaign Titled "Big Army Goes Further, Last Curve Before Elections" The warlord called for votes in the heart of the capital. Headed by Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. Mr. Thanathorn Rungruangkit Miss Pannika Vanich and Piyabutr Sangkanokkul The atmosphere was full of people who lined up to listen to the speech. Approximately half an hour before the start of the event and immediately from the moment the door is opened. All seats were reserved by the crowd until the stage was opened. Miss Pannika, the party's campaign assistant stepped forward. He said the party's leap in popularity was caused by natural voters, that is, all the people who supported the party. "Today all polls averaged combined, we were 21-22%, the day the New Future Party was dissolved, our highest point. Every day we were destroyed. The New Future Party's popular vote stands at 31%, with 22 days left, let's all help us change the popular vote from 21% to 31%. Let's get the strength of all of you today, we are here to win and to become a government, not for 400 people to become district MPs, for 100 people to become list MPs, but today we work together to prove that our beloved Progressive Party is a party that needs to exist and will last forever in Thai politics," Pannika said as Piyabutr, secretary-general of the Progressive Party and campaign assistant of the Progressive Party, said that Thai society must dare to dream of a better future. The 1977s were a time when Thai politics was in the era of "half-baked democracy", with the 1978 constitution allowing elections ranging from having the military as prime minister and allowing the military and bureaucracy to control the government. Political parties gather candidates, MPs win elections with local influence and money, and then each party comes together to form a coalition government, supporting the general to become prime minister. In the 1997s, Thailand had a 1997 constitution aimed at stabilizing the government. There is a system to monitor the government and guarantee people's rights and freedoms. The Thai Rak Thai Party was born to gather MPs from other parties to sell modern policies. As a result, the Thai Rak Thai Party won a landslide election in 2001 when it was the government that was able to deliver good policies to the people, Piyabutr continued. That the upcoming elections must not bring the country back to the past, both in the 1977 model where economic policies led to tribute to the big capitalists. There are many parties without ideology, forming a party to gather enough MPs to ask for a division of ministerial chairs, and the 1997 model where economic policy only thinks about stimulating the economy. Grow the big cake and grow the capital and share it with the little ones through some policies. One big party dominates. Bring all the MPs together without thinking about ideology. Think only to win the election. When there was a political crisis or coup, they moved sides to the military, and one day they came back, politicians used their majority to negotiate with the customary elite. "Political struggles in Thailand often take memories of the past to imprison their view to the future. Political parties run for election. I want to have an MP very much. I want to be the leader of the government. Consider who has the opportunity to become an MP. Have money. Have a network of influence. Go and suck in. Geji, a political guru. Evaluate who will win the election. See which party has the most MPs ever been popular. Whoever you choose, you have to choose strategically. Choose the person who has the best chance of winning because you're afraid of picking and losing. 'Landslide' can't change the Prime Minister. Not with hope," Piyabutr said, adding that Chaithawat Tulathon, secretary-general of the Progressive Party, stressed that more than 10 years ago, he had been a leader in the country. Thai people's livelihoods are in decline. Because we leave it to one party that wants to freeze Thailand, and no one stops. One coup is not enough. Repeated coups Does he dare to dream? Even set up a government in a barracks, even shoot political protesters in the heart of the city. He seized power, wrote the constitution, appointed an independent body. Back in the day, Mr. Chaithawat said that the work of the MPs of the far-reaching party over the past 4 years has been very successful because they dare to think and dream. I wish to believe that change is possible and if I really want to change this May 14, I ask the party to go a long way to destroy Mr. Thanathorn. The party's campaign assistant said he would like to have the power to push forward as a government. The country is not the same. I would like to be a government once in a while and will build a Thailand that goes beyond this for all to see. Create a welfare state because the challenge now is to dare to think, dare to act or not, and go a long way without fear of being isolated. To collide with the root of the problem because it is believed that the people are friends of Mr. Pitha to speak last on stage. He said that the party's campaign is now very far into the pod. With 20 days left, we will change Thailand together for those who are undecided. He wants to say that the Progressive Party is reliable. Straight Cover "There is no uncle without us, and we have no uncle", ask everyone to go a long way to achieve 9 changes based on the strategy. Good politics, good stomach. There's a future from tomorrow. Each party leader will scatter across the country and every region to campaign for the final round, and then they will all reunite in the capital on May 12, two days before Thailand's future day.
Election 2023: "Virat" cuts off PTT to issue policy to distribute 30,000,000 farmers|Deputy Leader of the PDP He insisted that he did not cut ahead of the Pheu Thai Party in the case of issuing a policy to give farmers 30,000 baht and ignoring the poll results. At least 12 Isaan MPs are confident in Korat today (23 April 2023). Mr. Virat Rattanaseth, deputy leader of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP), said that the policy to give 30,000 baht to 8,000,000 farmers is not a new policy, but only an increase in the credit line for farmers to finance their farming. Mr. Wirat also questioned the Bank of Thailand (BOT) that there is no movement on the 10,000 baht digital money policy that can be done or not. Because if you ask the Pheu Thai Party, there may be more new currency coming out, but I would not assess whether this policy will survive or not, while some polls estimate that the Power Pracharath Party will win only 35 MPs. Mr. Virat said, "I don't want to say much because we come from the real thing and do our own polls all the time. Korat at least 12 people already"Read related news"Settha" reiterates the resolution "For Thailand" not to shake hands with "NHRC-RTSO"."Anutin" declares "Proud Thai" stance and has not shaken hands with anyone to form a government "step forward" speech calling for votes of the new generation In front of Samyan Mitrtown
Election 2023 : "Uncle Tu-Top" met in Don Muang, each flying to help the party campaign.|"Uncle Tu-Top" met by chance at Don Mueang Airport. While Uncle Tu is going to Phitsanulok. Warawut will go to Chiang Rai to help his party campaign this morning (April 23, 2023). Reporters reported from Don Mueang Airport that at 8.40 a.m., Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister, as chairman of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party's Guidelines and Strategy Committee, will travel to Phitsanulok province to help Ruam Thai Build the Nation campaign while Mr. Warawut Silpa-archa The leader of the Thai Pattana Party came to board the plane. To help the party campaign as well, meet and greet each other at the exit gate where different people will board the plane with each other. Miss MANANYA THAISETT Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives However, there is interest in both Gen. Prayuth and Mr. Warawut asked for a photo as a souvenir. The Prime Minister wished Mr. Warawut good luck reading other news in the 2023 election: "Virat" cuts off PTT's face to issue policy to distribute 30,000,000 baht to farmers in 59 provinces to cope with summer storms Thunderstorms and strong winds April 23-26 "Gen. Prayuth" to receive people beside him to do the "Big Pom" way.
Election 2023 : "Gen. Prayuth" accepts the separation of "Big Pom" but does not break|Thai PBS Exclusive Interview Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, candidate for the Prime Minister of the RTTC Accept the person next to the "Big Fort" Cause of separation. I repeat, no fighting. On May 14, at least 25 seats returned to Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, as the prime ministerial candidate of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO), to interview "Sutthichai Yoon". On the World Breaking News List Thai PBS has an interesting issue in the case of separation of pathways with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Prime Minister candidate of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP), Gen Prayuth, insisted there was no problem. No fighting. I don't have any political subordinates because "Pom" did it, but today there are enough good new politicians. So they talked about it was time to do it themselves because there was limited time and Gen. Prawit did the same. Keep going. When asked, there is a problem with the person who recommends. Gen. Prawit or not. Gen. Prayuth replied that he did not know anyone and never gave up. Gen. Prawit in case of distrust during the debate R.A. Thammanat Prompao made a statement to break it. Gen. Prawit replied that he asked not to be named. Gen. Prawit said there was no break, but his work might be uncomfortable. It's natural for politicians, MPs to want something in their area, but they can't do that. If you ask for it, you have to get it right, the part that has good news about which party gets it. More MPs than sitting prime minister, Gen. Prayuth Confirming that he had never discussed this with Gen. Prawit before, many people offered themselves to be number 2, but the feeling was unlikely, so he isolated. These days, we talk about general health. Not talking about politics, Gen. Prayuth mentioned that the former opposition party had declared no "Uncle Tu" said that it's okay, everything is with the people, but if you get less than 25 seats, go home. But polls are getting better now, and 30-40% on social media are still unanswered, hoping for more than 25 seats when asked if they will form the same coalition government after the election. Gen. Prayuth replied that most of them were familiar with each other. There is no problem, but it all depends on the decision of the people after the May 14 election, as well as whether the policies of each party can go together or not, not the promise made today.
Election 2023: "Puttipong" reiterates PTT policy to install solar roof free to help NCPO reduce expenses|Proud Thai Party raises policy to install free solar roof for people in hopes of reducing expenditure "Puttipong" Reduce electricity bills by 450 baht per month today (23 April 2023) Mr. Puttipong Punnakan  The election director of the Bangkok Proud Thai Party (PT) said that during this hot period, people have to turn on the fans and turn on the air conditioner to help reduce the temperature. Bringing in renewable energy is necessary and can be done immediately. Solar cells or solar roofs use sunlight to their advantage. If installed for every household, it will be able to reduce electricity bills for people up to 450 baht per month, which the government will install for free to reduce the burden on the people and what the government will get is to reduce the power generation from coal-fired factories and save on electricity purchases. As more people use solar cells. This allows the government to use the carbon credits of the entire country to generate income back into the country, Mr. Puttipong said. The Proud Thai Party also has a policy to reduce expenditure. Increase revenue The company also gives the right to buy an electric motorcycle at an installment price of 6,000 baht with 60 installments of 100 baht per month. In addition to saving costs. It can also generate more income for the people because if there is electricity left. It can be resold to the Electricity Authority. To reuse and circulate further, read other news "Diary" "Proud Thai" announces position yet to shake hands with anyone to elect government in 2023 election : "Wirat" cuts off PTT policy to distribute 30,000 farmers money in 2023 election : "Uncle Tu-Top" met in Don Muang, each flying to help the party campaign.
Election 2023: "Seri Pisut" visits "Na Kae" confident to flag Nakhon Phanom|"Seri Pisut" campaign in Nakhon Phanom Let's vote for the Seri Ruam Thai Party and its candidates. The party's list of MPs is confident of 14 policies to solve problems for the people. Announce an immediate crackdown on drugs if it becomes the government today (April 23, 2023). Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes The leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party went to Na Kae district, Nakhon Phanom province. Campaigning and introducing Mr. Chanchai Champa, candidate for Nakhon Phanom MP in District 4Pol. Gen. Seri Pisut, said he was happy to visit his old home because he had served in Na Kae district. Although the area is currently being developed, it is not as much as it should be compared to other areas, reflecting the government's work over the past 8 years in tackling inequality. He said the party has 14 policies that will solve problems for the people immediately. If it were the government, such as allocating public land for people to live and live, as well as debt forgiveness, which would help parents save money on tuition and invest those money in other aspects of life, it would be worthwhile and would benefit the country many times as the drug epidemic If people vote for the Seri Ruam Thai Party and its list of MPs candidates, When the government insisted that the drugs would disappear in a matter of months, the leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party reiterated that the election had sent a candidate. New MPs are running in almost every district and are expected to score better than the previous one. Because the people are aware of the party's performance in the last 4 years, they are confident that the Democratic Party will win the other party in this election and ask the people to help keep an eye on electoral fraud. PTT issues policy to distribute 30,000,000 farmers' money for 2023 elections: "Puttipong" reiterates PTT's policy to install solar roof free to help the NCPO reduce election expenditure in 2023 : "Uncle Tu-Top" met in Don Muang, each flying to help the party campaign. 
Election 2023 : "Uncle Tu" If you don't love me, you won't come.|Gen. Prayuth and the leaders of the RTTC went to the area. Uttaradit Prasad Thapla Tin "Saranwut Saranket" pleaded for votes in all 3 constituencies. Tell the villagers who waited for 3 hours, "If you don't love it, you won't come" and taste the famous fruit. Durian varieties are lost in Lae today (23 April 2023) at 12.30 p.m. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. Chairman of the Strategy and Policy Committee The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTTC), along with party leader Mr. Peeraphan Saliratwiphak, along with his delegation came to Tha Pla district, Uttaradit province to help the candidate. The party's MPs include District 1, Pimanatta Jirabuddhiphak No. 8, District 2, Rosrin Saranket No. 8 and District 3 Mr. Saranwut Saranket No. 4. Today, he has seen the kindness of the people of Uttaradit, so he asked to leave the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation in his heart, must get all 3 MPs, ask the people of Uttaradit to join forces with the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation because the operation in the House will require a majority vote to continue working. After doing it. If you get a lot of votes, it will be easy to continue working, Gen. Prayut said that what he has done so far has been a lot, such as in Uttaradit, the roads have already been done, but what will continue is to expand more, and then people have filed several complaints for Gen. Prayut to resolve and ask about solving the problem of arable land in Uttaradit. Gen. Prayut He immediately replied, "If you don't love, you don't come either. We have to be kind to each other." He called for the election of candidates for all 3 constituencies and No. 22 to elect himself as prime minister. In addition, Gen. Prayuth also ate durian varieties "Obsessed with Lae". Uttaradit's famous durian variety was also shown at 2.30 p.m. Gen. Prayuth and his group came to Prathoman crematorium. T.Naimuang, Muang District, Phrae Province presided over the funeral ceremony of Mrs. Valley Supasiri. Mrs. Siriwan's mother without enemies (stepmother Tik) candidate List of MPs for the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party and return to Bangkok in the evening. 
Election 2023: "For Thailand" to go to Pathum Thani to "suspend debt - adjust wages - solve drugs" on May 14|"Settha" speech at Pathum Thani stage, raising debt suspension policy, adjusting wages, solving drug addiction If Thailand becomes a government, it will push forward as a national agenda. We ask for the support of Pathum to make every policy a reality. "Nattawut" satirized the Prayuth Party giving away 1,000 baht a month, but the electricity bill increased by 2,000 baht a month today (April 23, 2023). Prime Candidate Pheu Thai Party and Chief Advisor to the Head of Family for Thailand Dr. Brahmin Lertsurudej Chairman of the Economic Policy Working Group Pheu Thai Party Mr. Danuporn Punnakan Bangkok Campaign Committee Chairman and Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue, Director of Families for Thailand, took the stage to speak at the courtyard beside Wat Sopharam. The speech was attended by MP candidate Mr. Yongyuth Manbuphachart with Dr. Brahmin Lertsurudej. The Chairman of the Pheu Thai Party's Policy Committee gave his first speech in which he spoke about the policy on debt relief for farmers as well as income generation for the agricultural sector. He is confident that under the Pheu Thai Party's policy, it will be done within 4 years to increase income for farmers, including explaining the expansion of the Pheu Thai Party's 10,000 baht digital money policy, which was well received during one of the speeches. Dr. Brahmin said many people said that the Pheu Thai Party "fought to prostrate" and insisted that the Pheu Thai Party stands for democracy. We have been fighting for democracy since the Thai Rak Thai era until for Thailand. Many former ministers of the Pheu Thai Party have been prosecuted and imprisoned. Casualties In the aftermath of the coup, I assure you that we have always fought for the rules of democracy. Mr. Nuttawut Saiyakue said that no matter which speech Pathum Thani came to, people always voted for the party, but there was a cobra phenomenon in the House of Assembly. Now that the party has moved, the party has sent a new candidate to win back the MP chair, while Mr. Nattawut also raised the issue of high electricity bills. The management problems of Gen. Prayuth's government are likened to the welfare card plus policy. The Ruam Thai Party gave the nation 1,000 baht a month, but the electricity bill increased by 2,000 baht a month, the people in the hot month, but the Pheu Thai Party raised a wallet of 10,000 baht to stimulate the local economy, spending according to specified conditions, and if you choose for Thailand, not only 10,000 baht, but also top-up for households with a monthly income of less than 20,000 baht, and the electricity and gas bills will be reduced immediately. Confirming that if he slithers away, he will be arrested in a sack immediately, Mr. Nattawut also mentioned the relationship between Gen. Prayuth and Gen. Prawit, who understand that the two are separated because of the position of prime minister. Request for Thailand to send 2 uncles home while Mr. Settha Thaweesin Speaking on the stage at Wat Sophanaram Pathum Thani is a province with agriculture. The main problem is debt from farming, which the Pheu Thai Party has a policy to suspend the entire tree for 3 years, there is also debt from expenditures that the previous government lacked to take care of. It does not manage the big capital that makes a living on the hardships of the people. The Pheu Thai Party sees the need for dialogue. It has to be a community that can talk to each other. Because we are capitalists at heart. If we can coexist. Mr. Settha said that the Prime Minister who came from Thailand would sell products from farmers in different countries, thus increasing his income 3 times within 4 years, while any family that earns less than 20,000 baht if he becomes a government will add it, including a minimum wage adjustment of 600 baht per day and a bachelor's degree holder must have a minimum salary of 25,000 baht. The Pheu Thai Party only supports marijuana for medical purposes, and if Pheu Thai is the government, the drug problem will be put on the national agenda, with the Prime Minister from the Pheu Thai Party sitting at the head of the table. Deal with it all without excuses at the end. Setha also said that all this could not happen. If MPs from the Pheu Thai Party do not have support, then May 14, let's choose for Thailand as a whole partyRead related news "Gen. Prayuth" to receive people beside him to break the way "Big Pom" election 2023 : "Seri Pisut" visit "Na Kae" confident to flag Nakhon Phanom in the 2023 election : "Puttipong" reiterates PTT policy to install solar roof free to help NCPO reduce expenses
Election 2023 : Tomorrow (Apr 25) Overseas elections begin. |"Sawang", the secretary of the SAT revealed tomorrow, April 25, 2023 Elections will be held until May 5 in Africa-Sudan, war zones, and the return of ballots will be returned on May 9 today (April 24, 2023). SAT Secretary Mr. Pilgrimmee reiterated the readiness of the election process with 20 days left until Election Day, which is still going as planned, on Election Day 14 May 2023 or Advance Election Day on 7 May 2023, as well as overseas election day that will take place at embassies or consulates in each country between April 25 and May 5. In collaboration with the SEC-Postal-Consular Affairs-Airport Authority-THAI, all ballots will arrive in time for counting on May 14, 2023, and will be returned to Thailand in 400 constituencies by May 9. The SAT also explained the transportation process. Collect your ballots outside the palace that will come in both diplomatic mail bags and embassy staff. When it arrives, it will be distributed to the 400 districts where voters in that district will be kept in a safe place and counted together on May 14. By ensuring the security system prevents counterfeiting of the card because it is a special paper and there is a special security check system in the card that no one knows, so it is believed that no one will make a counterfeit card and the SAT can check it, so it is not a concern in any way. Overseas Elections There are 3 main methods: 1. Setting up booths that allow people to come and vote conveniently. 2. Registered mail elections and 3. Organizing mobile vehicles to go to voters Depending on the situation and legal context of each country and the social conditions of the communities where Thais live, I think the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will take good care of them.
Election 2023 : NCPO encourages unlocking "sex toys" special controlled products|"Democrats" support unlocking "sex toys" as a special regulated product The buyer must be 18 years of age or older. Products must meet quality certification standards.
Today (26 Apr 2023) MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK Member of the Executive Committee of the Democratic Party "Sex toys" or sexual pleasure devices are currently prohibited by Thailand, which is considered obscene, harmful to society and moral, as well as being interpreted as an illegal item under Section 287 of the Criminal Code and classified as a prohibited item within the meaning of the Customs Act B.E. 2560. This not only caused the government to lose revenue from taxation of goods, but also led to the corruption of some government officials who took advantage of the opportunity to demand bribes. In addition, the quality and safety of such products cannot be controlled. Sex toys are not safe. There is a short circuit problem or the user is infected, Miss Ratchada said that sex toys are actually a device used to relax emotions. It helps to increase the efficiency of people with erectile dysfunction problems as well as helping to reduce sexually transmitted infections as well. Sex toys vary in shape depending on how they are used, such as vibrators. In addition, sex toys have social benefits because these products can reduce the trade in services and the problem of divorce due to unbalanced sexual desire, which will help reduce the rate of sex crimes. Statistics of sexual assault and sex crime cases, an average of 5 years of specific rape cases reported to the police. About 4,000 rape cases occur each year and 2,400 criminals are caught, but research has concluded that about 87 percent of rape cases are unreported, which means that in one year, there may be as many as 30,000 rape cases in Thailand. According to a British technavio research company, has predicted the growth of the sex toy market. During 2019-2023, it will continue to grow by 7 percent per year, generating an increase of about 300 billion baht. India and China are the markets with the highest growth rates. Many countries, such as Japan, Singapore, Germany, the Czech Republic, have legalized sex toys. People can possess, sell it, and have sex shops that sell products openly and generate a lot of revenue for Thailand, there is still debate about whether sex toys should be legalized. Although there are supporters, there are others who argue or are concerned about reasons related to religious beliefs or fear that it may affect Thai morality and culture. We support the promotion of the sex toy industry by government agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Thai Industrial Standards Institute (TISI). In addition, sex toys must be separated from Section 287 of the Criminal Code and designated as special controlled products under the supervision of government agencies.
Election 2023 : "Chanchai" Prepare to attack. Central SAT Ask the disqualification clues. Reasons for holding AIS shares |"Chanchai" Prepare to attack. Central SAT Asked about the disqualification of MPs from AIS shareholding despite the year 62, the chairman of the SEC can still endorse the party-list candidate today (April 24, 2023). Mr. Chanchai Issarasenarak, candidate Nakhon Nayok Congressman District 2, Democratic Party, mentioned the case of disqualification to run for MP because he held shares of Advanced Co., Ltd. Info The Provincial Commission exercised its discretion that it was under the prohibited nature of being an MP candidate that he had owned shares in the parent company but was responsible for the subsidiary company that was interpreted as media shares, even though the 2019 election was the same shareholder and had run for office. List of MPs and Mr. Ittiporn Boonprakong The chairman of the SEC has signed the certificate of the previous election and has reviewed the law and order. Nothing has changed since then, causing confusion, so he will come to the Election Commission office on April 27-28 to inquire about how the investigation was carried out, and also about confidential documents to be disclosed to the media about corruption. He said he would wait for the court to hear the case on April 25, as he had requested after 7 days or on May 2, expecting the Supreme Court to issue a verdict on whether to reinstate his candidacy and admit that he was at a disadvantage to his rivals because he did not campaign and noted that it was unusual because there was no audit committee set up and he went to clarify. Use your own discretion. Using his own power without prudence to see whether it was intentional, intentional or anything involved, Mr. Charnchai also stated doubts in the document that The SEC has sent the names of 130 politicians. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The head of the Pracharath Power Party is ranked 53rd and R.A. Thammanat Prompao Leader of the Pracharath Party No. 40, which was not hung like himself, but it is not known whether the two cases are similar shareholdings. 
Election 2023: "Proud Thai" confident piling Making Phuket a world-class health city|"Anutin" raises "Phuket" as a beckoning lady of Thailand, confident to hammer the political pile, asking for the opportunity to work continuously Foster a global health city
 Today (24 April 2023) at Stone Bridge Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, along with executives and party leaders. You build a car, you smell like. Chairman of the Party Advisor and List Candidate, Mr. Supachai Jaissamut Mr. Anutin said that in the election of 2019, no one thought that the Proud Thai Party would have more than 10 MPs from the south, but in the end it happened because of the trust of the people. Past We have developed roads for people to travel more easily and quickly, as well as expanding public health services. Recently, we have successfully pushed the bridge between Phatthalung-Songkhla and the bridge across Koh Lanta. Krabi for Phuket You've proven your potential as a world-class tourist destination. But we will increase your opportunities by developing them into medical hubs. He had to see Phuket as his target, Mr. Anutin said. Come this time, can I pile more piles in Phuket? I think we can do this because the party is focused on the work of the southern region in the supervision of the Ministry of Transport. The Ministry of Public Health and the Ministry of Tourism and Sports, whose ministers are from the Proud Thai Party, have already seen the results. Please trust us to continue working. We will turn the Thai axe handle into a golden axe handle.
Election 2023 : Submit "SAT " London ballot papers with alternating candidates' pictures|Pheu Thai Party "Thanks." Overseas ballot test in London, England After finding the mistake, the image of the Bangkok MP candidate of the Pheu Thai Party alternated with other parties. Point to confuse the public. Today (24 Apr 2023) Mr. Chanin Rungtanakiat Pheu Thai Deputy Spokesperson said that the announcement of candidates for the 11th constituency issued by the ambassador in London for overseas elections was found to be incorrect. Pheu Thai Party MPs, alternating with other parties, said the incident had caused confusion among the people and could lead to a wrong vote while Pheu Thai Party lawmakers are in the process of preparing documents to submit to the Election Commission (SEC). To investigate and clarify the cause of the error and how to take responsibility because this mistake has already caused damage to the Pheu Thai Party. Even though the document has been amended, the people who received it first are still confused. Election 2023 : Tomorrow (Apr 25) Chanin said the action was just one example of the recklessness of the SAT and raised concerns that apart from the mistakes in this document, there would be other documents in the country that presented inaccurate information that could damage the vote and distort the will of the people. Read related news Election 2023: "Chanchai" Prepare to attack. Central SAT Ask the disqualification clues. Reasons for holding AIS shares
Election 2023 : "Jurin" Ayutthaya campaign Buy eels to release to make merit for everyone|"Jurin" leads 5 Ayutthaya candidates Go to the Chao Phrom Market campaign Fans asked to take pictures of the whole market, buy eels for release. Tell merit to all Thais today (24 April 2023) Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Leader of the Democratic Party leads the "Democrat No. 26" team to Chao Phrom Market Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Democrat No. 26 and all 5 candidates are elected in District 1, Mr. Naret Daoruang No. 1, District 2, Mr. Independence Near Sawang No. 8, District 3, Mr. Chaowat Hommonta No. 1, District 4. No. 8 and District 5, Mr. Sun Thepmongkol Thongrod No. 5, with the people's brothers and fans came to greet vigorously. In addition, one vendor persuaded Mr. Jurin to buy eels, saying that if he released the eels, he would work smoothly and would become prime minister. Mr. Jurin then bought eel for release to be a blessing to the next country along with an interview that the area of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province. It is also an important area where the Democrat policy is clear that it will make the people of Ayutthaya And farmers across the country directly benefited, especially the income insurance policy for rice growers, who are the main crop of Ayutthaya province. There is also a policy for farmers to receive 30,000 baht per household. 2,000,000 baht each to be a source of savings and funds to create money for Ayutthaya brothers and sisters, including community enterprises, women's groups, housewives groups, which will be able to borrow money with lenient conditions for their careers. The policy of 1 million Internet points nationwide for people to access knowledge and bring their own products to trade online, while the policy of free education to bachelor's degree in the field that the market needs will make graduates have jobs. Remuneration Policy Section Village Agriculture Volunteer (KM) 1,000 Nationwide, there are about 76,000 thousand people. There are reporters in every village asking about the release of eels, is it related to the story of "Sai Mu" or not? Mr. Jurin said that he is Thai and it is considered merit making because philanit is good. If everyone helps each other to make merit, it is to help each other do good things." Make merit for all Thai brothers and sisters. Make merit for Thailand, including Ayutthaya brothers and sisters. May you receive merit and charity in general. Happiness and prosperity forever Whatever you think, I wish you all the best. We will have a new government that is good, capable, honest, honest and determined to continue working for the country and Ayutthaya." Read related news for the 2023 election: 15 Bangkok Stone Constituency : Capital Field Unpredictable (1)Election 2023 : 15 Bangkok Stone Constituency : Capital field is difficult to predict (2) Election 2023 : "Proud Thai" confident piling Making Phuket a world-class health city
Bureau of Correction - Examination of the General After a young man injured in sex cried for healing.|The Bureau ordered the establishment of a committee to investigate the facts and send to assist the central government officer with the rank of general. After the young man called for healing for the victims and injuries suffered from sexual intercourse, the Army was informed on social media. In the case of a young man in Songkhla province who was identified as a victim and injured in sexual intercourse with a military person. Demanding remedy for what happened, the incident was a personal incident, but as the cited agency, the Army immediately took over the preliminary investigation. It was found that the accused person was actually a soldier at the time of the appointment of an investigation committee at the Army level and ordered to assist in the central service, and if it appears that there is a real wrongdoing, disciplinary action will be taken further, while the alleged assault and the victim will be prosecuted for the crime. Insist that all parties take action on all matters under the facts and in accordance with the law in order to settle such matters properly and appropriately.
Election 2023 : 15 Bangkok Stone Constituency : Capital Field Unpredictable (2)|All 33 Bangkok constituencies are considered stone districts because they will prove to the people of Bangkok who will elect a new generation of representatives. Visionary or senior with guaranteed performance or middle-old, middle-new, who can trust District 1, Pom Prab Enemy Defeat area, Phra Nakhon and Samphanthawong. The most pronounced is a mystery as to who it will be. Senior level like Mrs. Jermmas Cheonglertsiri, former MP 3 The Democratic Party, which has been loyal in the area since the 2001-2005 and 2011 elections, suffered its first defeat in the 2019 elections. This time, ambush is ready to ask for a return to solve the rookie rival. Miss Kankanit Fauasanti, MP, Bangkok 2019, Power Pracharath Party Ex-wife of Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn DES Secretary Currently, he is a candidate for the Pheu Thai Party, Kankanit is the main political heir of Mr. Kaew Haewsanti, a former MP for 6 years. In the 2nd period, my father and son were MPs for Phra Nakhon district at the same time for a time, while the Thai National Building Party secretly won Mr. Phlat Sirikulpisut. Former Secretary to the Minister of Commerce Mr. Sonthirat Sonthijirawong who had to move away from the Pheu Thai Party in District 2, Sathorn, Pathumwan District. Ratchathewi District is similar to District 1 in that the city people will elect the older generation like Orornong Kanchanachusak, who is the heir to Bangkok's local political family, has been an MP or district council and an MP or Bangkok council and is a former MP 2. In 2550, that time was on the same team as Mrs. Jermmas belonging to the Democratic Party, a large district sort of number, and was an MP in 2554 who returned to use a single-numbered district again, but faced a major rival who was a new generation. Ms. Patcharin Sumsiripong, former MP in 2019, former spokesperson of the Power Pracharath Party, but now transferred to the Proud Thai Party. The other is Ms. Sirinan Siripanich, a veteran of education and politics for decades. This time, the party is affiliated with the Ruam Thai National Building Party in District 4, Khlong Toei District and Wattana District. Mrs. Kanit Ngamsukontharatana, former MP of Power Pracharath Party Currently, he is a candidate for the Proud Thai Party. Former Bangkok spokesman Heir Maj. Gen. Knight Kwan Muang Former Bangkok governor, but in the field of the Democratic Party. Former advisor to the Polit Football Team (Police) from the Pheu Thai Party, Khet Rat Lao Thammatat, former List-list MP and spokesman for the United Power Party. Son of Mr. Anek Lao Thammatat Minister of State) from the United Nations Party of Thailand, but this time running for MPs affiliated with the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. Keep an eye on Mr. Phuwakorn Prangpornpitak. Owner of Prontiara Interiors Decorators Renovating houses and condos from the Progressive Party is also not possible in District 6 Phayathai, Din Daeng District, with both seniors and young people competing for the MP chair. Former MP and former chairman of the Bangkok Assembly and former MP of the Democratic Party for two terms in 2007 and 2011. Miss PADAT WORAKANON MP, Power Pracharath Party in 2019, but now moved camp to Proud Thai Party in 11 constituencies in Saimai district. Because it will not only be Mr. Unity Hongsakul. Mrs. Paweena Hongsakul's brother A man from Bangkok's long-time political family, running on behalf of the Pheu Thai Party, faces a major rival, lawyer Jam Sasinan Thamnitinun. An independent human rights lawyer from the Progressive Party who sees the future as far away, but nonetheless a major competitor cannot be overlooked. Sudarat Keyurapun's Thai Sang Thai Party candidate has a very strong base in Sai Mai district. According to the last congressional election, he scored more than 40,000 votes. This district, the Thai Party created Thailand. Send Mr. Somchai Wesarachattrakul, a former Democratic Party congressional candidate, who will stay? Who's going to go to the last corner, keep an eye out for related news on the 2023 election: 15 Bangkok Stone Constituency : Capital stadium difficult to predict (1) Election 2023 : "Proud Thai" confident piling Making Phuket a Global Health City Election 2023: Filed "SEC" London Election Ballot Exam Candidates for the 2023 election election are pictured: NCPO encourages unlocking "sex toys" special controlled products
Election 2023 : 15 Bangkok Stone Constituency : Capital stadium is unpredictable (1)|One of the challenges of Bangkok's election field. If you look at the theory of 2 democratic cities of Mr. Anek Lao Thammatat. Acting Minister of Higher Education As an academic, people from different provinces set up governments, but the people of Bangkok dismissed the government, so political parties hope to win the hearts of the people of Bangkok, but it is not easy because many political parties, both past and present. Despite being popular with provincial people, it has never been. Bangkok Loei MPs such as the Proud Thai Party are examples now, even though they have informed MPs in all regions of Thailand, including the 3 southern border provinces, so they have seen the pull. Mr. Puttapong Punnakan Former Democrat MP, former leader of the PDP, became the chief general of the fight in Bangkok and also got former MPs from both the Power Pracharath Party and Pheu Thai Party as part of the candidate. Bangkok MPs while the Ruam Thai Party builds the nation at "Big Tu" Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha is a selling point. Besides being Mr. Peerapun's big mission. Sali Rathvipak, former Democrat MP and former leader Another DEA member and then Mr. Eknath Prompan Former one of the leaders of the PDP and a "stepson" Mr. Suthep Thauksuban is another strong head, with the previous batch of MPs from Pracharath Power as part of the candidate as well, the last election in 2019 became extinct. After Abhisit Vejjajiva, the then party leader, announced the 3rd option not to support "Big Tu" as prime minister, this time had to make a big adjustment. Drew "Madame Deer" Watanyu Bunnag from the Power Pracharath Party as an aid in the campaign together with Mr. Suchathavee Suwansuwat. Former rector King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang this time even without Khun Sudarat. Keyurapun, the former goddess of Bangkok, led the army, but got Mrs. Puangphet Chun-fine. With both former MPs and new faces for the people of Bangkok to choose another party that may be inserted in some districts, namely the Thai Build Thai Party of Khun Ying Noi, especially in District 11, Saimai District, which has a strong voting base that never falls. This can be seen from past elections for MPs or Bangkok Councillors and in former districts. Veteran Pheu Thai Party MPs who followed, such as Karoon Hosakul and Anudit Nagarthap in Bangkok, had no less than 15 constituencies in the battle fierce. Stay tuned for the next episodeRead related news Election 2023: 15 Bangkok Stone Constituency : Capital field is difficult to predict (2) Election 2023 : "Proud Thai" confident piling Making Phuket a Global Health City Election 2023 : "Jurin" Ayutthaya campaign to buy eels to make merit for everyone to vote in 2023: submit "SAT " London ballot papers with alternating candidates' pictures
Election 2023: Raise the knot of public transport and keep campaign signs in prohibited spots|Thawi Watthana District Clarification of the video of the government car carrying the campaign sign into the car, the officer patrolling the road in the prohibited spot. There were 23 banners from a single political party. Affirmative, not campaigning. Today (24 Apr 2023) Mr. Disha Kongsri, Director of Thawiwattana District Mention the case of a car clip of the Office of Public Affairs, Thawi Watthana District. Carrying a political party's campaign sign in the trunk of a car that said the investigation revealed that it was not an impartial officer. To help a candidate install a campaign sign, but it is a duty because it is a campaign sign of a political party. To install in the spot where the campaign signs are prohibited because they are near the royal palace area of Thawi Watthana Palace from the inspection of 23 collected signs belonging to one political party. Khlong Soi Road (Ladawan Village) To Thawiwattana Road (along Klong Thawi Watthana Road) and Park Road (Aksa Road) Sai 3 (at the end of Nantawan Village)Read more news Election 2023 : Tomorrow (Apr 25) The election started outside the Kingdom by such areas are prohibited from posting campaign signs according to the schedule of the Thawiwattana District Office, which will be assigned by the SAT to the Electoral District Office. The district has already notified the publicity in advance, but because candidates and political parties may not know from the preliminary investigation. On April 22, no campaign banners were found, but they showed up yesterday (April 23). A total of 23 banners belonging to one political party were removed. There was no other party, and the officer kept it at the Thawiwattana district office. And coordinate with representatives of political parties to pick them up and install them at other points instead of reading related news for the 2023 election: 15 Bangkok Stone Constituency: Capital field is unpredictable (1)Election 2023: Submit "SAT " London ballot papers with alternating candidates' pictures
Election 2023 : The SAT opens the formula to calculate the list of MPs.|The SAT publishes the criteria for calculating the list of MPs, in case the number of MPs is not 100, the party with the result is a fraction without an integer. Which party has the most chips? 1 list of MPs in order today (24 April 2023) Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Disclosure of the criteria for calculating MPs on the list according to Section 128 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives and as amended to (No. 2) B.E. 2023 The total number of votes received by all political parties in the nationwide list elections shall be summed up and the total votes received by all parties shall be divided by 100. 1 roster of MPs, calculation of the number The list of MPs that each political party will receive shall be taken into account by the total number of votes received by each political party. Divided by the average score based on the result, only the integer part is the number of MPs on the list that the political party received if the number The list of MPs received by all political parties is incomplete. 100 people to a political party with fractional results. Whichever party has the largest number of fractions shall receive the number of MPs on the list in order until the total number of MPs received by all political parties reaches 100. More than 100 MPs shall be drawn by lottery on the same number of political parties on the date and time specified by the SEC. The number of candidates received by that political party according to the calculation of the election shall be deemed to be in order of number in the list of candidates of that political party until the number of candidates in the list of candidates submitted by that political party shall not exceed the number of candidates on the list of candidates submitted by that political party to read related news for the 2023 election: Tomorrow (Apr 25) Overseas elections begin. Election 2023 : Submit "SAT " London Election Ballot Exam Posting photos of candidates alternating in the 2023 election: "Do not take photos of voters while entering booths" The SAT reiterated the party's representatives. Follow the rules
Election 2023 : "Anudit" Thank you people for supporting Thailand to build Thailand Sue for expensive electricity bills|"Mr. Anudit" Thanks people. "Thailand builds Thailand" to sue for high electricity bills, reveals tomorrow that the Criminal Corruption Court will sue government officials for causing high electricity bills. The public will have to bear the extra costs today (24 April 2023). Mr. Anudit Nagarthap, Deputy Head of the Thai Sang Thai Party Revealed that since The Thai Sang Thai Party has announced an invitation to People signed a petition to sue for high electricity bills, and people signed in support. The Thai Party has created a large number of Thai people, thanks to the people, and believes that many sign-ups are due to the increase in electricity bills this month, more than 30%, and some households have almost doubled." He stated that the people had to accept the retribution because of the policy mistakes of those in power. As many people compare. The electricity bill says stay at home the same. Turn on the same lights. But electricity bills have risen many times or cannot control electricity bills, they should be responsible by resigning, not burdening the people. Anudit said the Thai Sang Thai Party has declared to protect the interests of the people and let the brothers and sisters jointly check the disadvantageous contracts that increase the burden on the people. From almost 60% approval to build more power plants than necessary, or availability and insurance costs. The public must pay for excess electricity that power plants do not have to produce. Even a single megawatt, like a slave contract that robbed the people, the Thai Build Thai Party has made it clear that if the Thai Build Thai Party becomes the government, it will restructure the power. Reduce electricity bills to be fair not more than 3.50 baht/unit Therefore, we invite people to sign together to sue government agencies before the Criminal Court for corruption and misconduct tomorrow day (25/4/66) in 3 parts as follows: 1. Damage from wrong policies by allowing private sectors to enter into concession agreements to generate more electricity than necessary, causing people to pay more expensive electricity than they should.2. The allocation of natural gas from the Gulf of Thailand, which is cheap, to the private sector for other uses, has resulted in the need to import LNG from abroad instead, making fuel costs more expensive. This is the main factor that makes electricity bills expensive. which is contrary to Article 43 of the Constitution and 573. Request for a court injunction. In terms of agreements with private individuals. In order to build power plants that are not yet necessary (demand), the operation should be suspended until the country has real demand. Anyone who wants to join the "sue for high electricity bills" with the party can sign at this link https://forms.gle/gWm2AoZbZP1Dwtj59
Drill a comfortable corner in the style of "Uncle Tu". |Personality reflection "Uncle Tu" Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, acting prime minister, candidate of the ruling Thai National Building Party (RTSO), who is often familiar with the same voice, is "Uncle Tu", a strong man who never leaves his old personality even after entering political mode. Personal life changes, less time, but identity never changes. "Uncle Tu" told Thai PBS Online that he is usually a smiling person who likes to smile, sometimes going downstairs to the House building, encountering questions from reporters, causing him to become frustrated, and when he arrived in the room, he secretly smiled and laughed to himself. Uncle Tu said no, he didn't call it a curse, sometimes he was frustrated because he was asked around and forth. Although I have already answered, but I forgot that people watching TV are people outside, and there has been some adjustment, "Very angry, sometimes it's not about being crazy, angry all day, who is crazy?"When asked if he knew this kind of situation, was complained about at home, Gen Prayuth said he was complaining that he spoke too harshly, why did he scold him? "Uncle Tu" said that the most important thing is to try to find more time to sleep at least 6 hours, "Last night I slept 2-3 hours, came back late at 5-6 pm, before I was sleepy at 1 am, I fell asleep at 1.30 am, and then at 2.30 am I woke up hungry. Yesterday all day went to Chiang Mai. Morning, lunch, dinner, nothing, can't eat, can't eat a bite or two, it burns my stomach, wakes up at 4 a.m., 5 a.m., can't sleep. I tried to stay in the dragon until six in the morning, but I couldn't," Prayuth said, adding that even if he doesn't get enough sleep, he doesn't get sleepy, he may be a little dizzy at work, and he has no other health problems. No congenital disease No high blood pressure and diabetes, maybe taking some medication, it's not dangerous. "I have time to exercise, I walk the belt, I run the belt, I have difficulty going anywhere, just exercising and running in the house, there are dogs everywhere. If it's time to retire Gen Prayut said, "I go to mine, leave me alone, I go to flea markets, what?" Time to pay homage to the monks. But "Uncle Tu" said that on April 21, 2023, to pay homage to the 241st anniversary of the City Pillar Shrine, it was still said to go to "Mu" despite the event organized by the Ministry of Defence every year. He prayed for the nation. He invited me, I went, I prayed, not just for myself, for my country, my religion, my people, my family, to be happy and safe. All I ask is, "Are you sure you've done enough good deeds to take care of it?" Uncle Tu "Oh, no, how can I be Prime Minister, I'm not the Prime Minister, horoscopes, lifelines, I look at some of them, I think it's like everyone else, it's similar." He said it would be more. That's all I'm saying, it's bad enough" for horoscopes, astrological beliefs and fortune teller beliefs." Did the monk defeat the enemy? ?... won't tell. Hang a merciful monk. Monks in general, I have no enemies. Who is my enemy? Announce it""Uncle Tu" said that the most desired thing if not playing politics is to take his family on vacation in the country because for 8 years he has never been anywhere together. Although there is not much time for the family, the children and their wives Don't complain, because we do it for our country. Religion The King has promised since he was Chief of Police that if he retired, he would go on a trip together, and whenever he was, he would not be distorted, but the situation changed accordingly. French bulldogs, tigers are beagles, all raised since they were little, brought from different colds, "went home in the evening to play. I like some glass mastiffs. He's loyal, but sometimes he's fierce. When people go home, they bite everyone. When he sees me, he climbs the dog. It already loves its owner, even when it's apart. He remembers the smell. If not, play along. He will be lonely, but when he meets his face, he is happy as always," Uncle Tu said, who is satisfied with his life these days. As for what the next day will be, let's say it next. This is everyone's life. It's ready to change. "Swollen hands, which are caused by an infected wound, have been dissected and the wound has healed, but you still need to wear a hand cuff because it prevents infection.
Election 2023: "Big Tu" compares himself to "Airplane Captain" with experience|"Gen. Prayuth" Longudorn Campaign to help MPs candidate reiterate his request to stay for 2 years, hoping to continue his unfinished work likened himself to an elderly but experienced "pilot captain" who keeps passengers safe in times of crisis.
Today 24 Apr 2023 Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTTC) and the Prime Minister candidate of the party came to the auditorium in Kut Chap district, Udon Thani province. Thailand is like an old, medium, new plane, but it must be safe to ride. The pilot captain must have experience, like me, despite his age, but experience to be able to fly this aircraft safely. There are many problems in the country that need to be solved gradually, if they can be solved long ago, what I want to remind us of what is proposed to be given. I want to see if the government can solve it. The new generation is born out of time for this change, but wants to see something new right away. You also need to look at the changes in the past. Prosperity takes time, the main thing is not to abandon the main institutions of the nation, namely the nation, religion, the king and all people, Gen. Prayuth continued. Because every area is Thai, they must help all. He must not lie, say anything, must do it today, he is 70 years old, Gen. Prayuth has reiterated at the end that if someone says that he elected another party MP to parliament, he will support Uncle Tu, do not believe it because he belongs to the only Thai National Building Party.
Election 2023: SAT points out 94 Thais in Sudan vote ahead of election|The SEC secretary admitted there was an error in the documents of the candidates alternately in the UK. Last modified version submitted correctly. Initially, 94 Thai overseas voters returning from Sudan were unable to vote. Today (24 Apr 2023) Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the Election Commission (SEC) Mention the information of candidates for the election of MPs sent to 26 agencies related to the qualification examination of candidates, one of which is to the Securities Exchange of Thailand. Check the shareholding, which the agency has returned. SAT 130 List of shareholdings All securities, not just media stocks, follow the process of checking the qualifications and prohibited characteristics of candidates, whereby the office must determine which securities will fall under the prohibited characteristics under the law. If the shareholding does not fall under the prohibited characteristics, it is not necessary to declare it. Not a candidate for the district commissioner by the director. The constituency examines and announces the names of those who are already disqualified, i.e. those who are owners or shareholders of newspapers or mass media. Even if it is forbidden to read more news. Election 2023 : Submit "SEC" Examining the London ballot papers with alternating candidates' pictures, Mr. Sawang also mentioned the problem of candidates' photo data in documents sent to the embassy. Admit there was a mistake, which happened in London, England. The British Embassy has already sent the correct version to the voters, and now inspecting the embassies found that there is only one place in the UK that has problems for overseas elections in Sudan due to the civil war and the Thai government is accepting the Thai people back. The Secretary-General of the SAT clarified that it is in accordance with the election law that stipulates that in the event of a riot, flood, fire, Force majeure or necessity, can set a new voting date 2 times, if it still occurs, voting can be reduced. The incident in Sudan should be in the nature of this law and not to treat those who register to vote as disqualified. Mr. Kittipong Boribun, Deputy Secretary-General The SEC said it will consider whether anyone who registers to vote outside the Kingdom in Sudan can exercise their rights or not. 
Election 2023: "Anutin" releases policy to buy the hearts of Krabi people, pleading for provincial MPs |"Anutin" releases policy to buy the hearts of Krabi residents, suspends debt for 3 years - Elderly Fund - Kidney centers in all districts - Emergency loan pleads with MPs to lift provinces, repeats "Speak and do" On April 24, 2023, Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party and leader of the party, traveled to the area to help the party's candidates campaign, consisting of District 1, Mr. Kitti Kittithornkul No. 2, District 2, and Mr. Thiradej. to commit to work District 4 and District 3 Mr. Saritpong are involved. Former MP of Proud Thai Party No. 1 Mr. Anutin said that today was a very warm welcome. 4 years ago, Krabi province made us a southern congressman. That congressman will be very powerful. When I got it, it turned out that Mr. Saritpong really had more power because he had the backing of the people. He refused because he came as a representative of the people of Krabi, a representative of the Thai people, the most important is the bridge over Koh Lanta. Said the brothers had wanted it for a long time. He listened to Mr. Saritpong talk about the need to push Now move forward and facilitate the people, and with the development of hospitals in Krabi province, tourism is made even better. We repay the grace of the Krabi people who chose us. Krabi Airport The new building is finished, we don't forget about you, and we want to do it again, but it depends on whether there is an opportunity or not. You can choose this alone. The election is on May 14. It is guaranteed that the development will happen in an instant, timely manner, for sure to apply to the entire southern region. Proud Thai doesn't just look at tourism, we look beyond that. There are many provinces that will be economic cities, industrial cities, including Ranong and Chumphon in the future. Many tourists come to Thailand, we must prepare our children, we will have the opportunity to work to build ourselves. At some point, be prepared to go and seek opportunities. Therefore, there is a policy to create stability for everyone. Starting from a 3-year moratorium with a credit limit of 1 million baht. Stop early, interest free before creating stability for Thai people not to worry about debt, have time to think about doing it, 4th year before returning and Thais who have an emergency with money and gold have a loan fund of 50,000 baht so that they do not have to go to borrow outside the system. There is a fund for the elderly to take care of themselves. When you pass away, 100,000 baht will go to your children. Every province has radiation machines. The welfare of the elderly must be improved. Children don't have to use their energy to make a living. Build a body to build an aging male. The government will take over. Proud Thai Party pays tribute to the stability of the people Many of the policies that speak out are what can be done in the first 6 months of government.
Election 2023 : Open procedure for exercising voting outside the Kingdom|A total of 66 countries will be eligible to vote outside the Kingdom at embassies or consulates in each country between April 25 and May 5 today (April 25, 2023), with 19 days left until the election of members of the House of Representatives or MPs on May 14, 2023, and the pre-election on May 7, 2023, as well as the overseas election day that will take place at each country's embassies or consulates between April 25 and May 5. The SAT has assigned the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to run this year's office. SAT completes mailing of ballots to 66 countriesRelated News :Election 2023 : Tomorrow (Apr 25) Overseas Elections 2023 Start: The SAT opens the formula to calculate the list of MPs.
Analysis : Election 2023 : 4 Rayong Stone District proves its majesty "Patriarchy"|If "Baan Yai Chonburi" is your family, "Baan Yai" Rayong is inevitable. Mr. Piya Naik, Rayong Commissioner Mr. Tara, former 3-time Rayong MP and Mr. Sathit Deputy Health Minister from the Democratic Party in the 2019 election, "Big House" can flag 3 MPs, 1 of whom belongs to the Pracharath Power Party. But it is not easy because in the 2023 election, there will be 5 more MPs. Send a direct line "Big Tu" to the "Big House" family, hoping to knock down the elephant District 1, formerly belonging to Mr. Sathit Pitutecha. Make way for Mr. Pasin Pitutesha Nephew of Mr. Piya Nayok, Rayong Football Manager FC and is the eldest brother of the big house. Mr. Pasin is a young politician. Fighting under the Democratic Party while the Pheu Thai Party Send Mr. Panet Wongpaisarn Former member of the municipal council (MP) of Map Ta Phut city to run against the Progressive Party. Send a new generation like Mr. Krit Silpchai, Assistant MP and Advisor to the Chairman of the Land Commission. He is an advisor to CS Beach Youth project, Rayong Sea Conservation Youth, ran for MP for the first time, but the momentum was extraordinary as the party advanced. Get a new generation Miss Kamontas Kittisoonthornsakul, Bachelor of Communication Arts, Burapha University Another promising new generation to the District 3 owner, Mr. Tara Pitutecha. This opened the way for Dr. Kantam Jaetonchan, a three-time MP, to move from District 2 to run for this district instead. Mor Kantam has been in the news to open a brawl in response to the Proud Thai Party. The issue of staging children with marijuana until it became a buzz before rivals in the field from the Pheu Thai Party, Mr. Chainarong Santasanachok. Former local leaders Crossing the floor for the first time on the big stage, as well as the Progressive Party. Send Mr. Nakornchai Khunnaroong, who is running for Congress for the first time, has an interferer, the son of a former Senator, former buster. Lt. Col. Panajeupesh Krishnaraj The former deputy leader of the National Development Party is Pol Ch Krishnaraj. Chairman of the National Pattanaklao Party Launched in 2022, District 4, the original chair holder in 2019 is Mr. Sompong Sophon from Pracharath Power. This time, the camp was moved according to Mr. Suchart Chomkin to the Thai National Building Party. Gen. Prayuth faced the hardest battle this time. When Mr. Tara Pitutesha from the Democratic Party Moving to this district in the hope of reclaiming the MP chair in particular, so it is an elephant battle inevitably because "Sia Heng" would definitely throw in all the strength. A freelance writer from the Progressive Party and an assistant. Rangsiman Rome, another former MP for the Progressive Party, is likely to be Sawangjit Lauharojanapan, former election director of Rayong. District 3 New Future Party In 2019 and 2020, he had previously run for president of Rayong Provincial Administration on behalf of the Progressive Party. This time, running for an MP under the Progressive Party is an important task that challenges Ban Yai Rayong whether it can be achieved or not. If he hopes to maintain his provincial stronghold for the Democratic Party. In an era when the party's reputation is seen as declining, read related news in the 2023 elections: Opening of the procedure for exercising the right to vote outside the Kingdom of the 2023 election: "Diary" Release the policy to buy the hearts of Krabi people, begging for the provincial MPs
Election 2023: NHRC ready to reduce cost of living If it becomes the government, I hope the villagers have money to spare.|"Chaiwut" speech "Sing Buri" hometown to reduce cost of living Gas, gas, electricity are 2.50 baht per unit. Get the country with heavy problems to divide colors - Choose sides, the NHRC asks to overcome conflicts today (April 25, 2023) Power Pracharath Party (PDP) Opening speech at Wat Pikul Thong Sing Buri Mr. Chaiwut Thanakamanusorn, Deputy Head of the Power Pracharath Party Said on stage at one point, the country divided the pods. Wearing colored shirts came out to protest. This makes it impossible for people to make a living. In the House of Representatives, there is still a quarrel, resulting in problems in the country. Thai people are not happy today, just to elect is already fighting. The orange is heavier than red and yellow, because he will solve the problem by changing the country. He said we have to solve the problem at the root cause, which our root cause is not the same, Mr. Chaiwut continued, "Thailand is already good, but we have to change the politicians. Elect good politicians to work for a peaceful nation. People can make a living. The head of the Pracharath Party has always said first and only that he wants everyone to overcome conflict. If everyone is still fighting, how will it live? We elect representatives to work. We have to choose who we love. Choose the party we like to work in. Politics can move forward. The country was peaceful, but after a strange political period. Because there's a conflict. People are fighting because of politics. Some of my dad's got red shirts. I'm wearing a yellow shirt. You wear an orange shirt and you fight all day like this, how can you be happy? The family is also divided. Mr. Chaiwut also raised a policy to reduce gas and electricity prices. He insisted that the first thing the Pracharath Party will do as soon as it becomes the government and Gen. Prawit becomes prime minister is to reduce the cost of living. Reduce electricity, gas, and fuel bills to 2.50 baht per unit to make people have money left over to spend on other parts.
Election 2023: "Dr. Rawi" joins hands with "Srisuwan" to hand over SAT Tooth PTT to distribute digital money|"Dr. Rawi" joins hands with "Srisuwan" to submit SAT teeth for Thailand to distribute digital money in violation of political party laws and elections, warning to hurry to withdraw policy Before the Jack the Giant Slayer phenomenon today (April 25, 2023) At 9:00 a.m. Dr. Ravi Maschamadol The Pheu Thai Party chief said that the Pheu Thai Party has announced a policy to distribute 10,000 baht of digital money to the people of Thailand for 560 billion baht, including 70 policies of the Pheu Thai Party of 15 million to 3 trillion baht. Within 4 years, he said that these policies are people's policies coated with poison by various political parties that may have negative effects on the nation as a whole 21. Janya submitted a letter to the SAT demanding that it be decided whether this policy is illegal or not in accordance with Section 57 of the Political Parties Act 2560. Section 73 (5) of the Election of MPs Act 2018? The SAT urged the SAT to urgently diagnose this issue because there are only 20 days left until the election day because this is a populist policy that may be honey coated with poison to the Thai people. I'm not going to let go. If the SAT ruling is unclear, I will continue to pursue the law to the fullest extent to set an example for political parties to be wary of proposing extreme populist policies," Dr. Ravi said, "In the fight over the amendment of the ball law between the division system of 100 and division 500, I was almost a giant slayer jack because in my second term in the Congress, I was able to flip the win to the division system of 500, but ended up getting punched under the belt. Using the method to make MPs skip the meeting until the joint session of Parliament collapses continuously until finally having to return to the 100 division system. Related News: Election 2023 : The SAT opens the formula to calculate the list of MPs.
Election 2023: Employees exercising their right to vote on May 7 and 14 are not considered leave or holidays. |The SEC informs employees to exercise their right to vote in advance on May 7 and May 14. If the employer violates, the employer will be imprisoned for not more than 2 years or fined not more than 40,000 baht or both today (April 25, 2023) as announced by the Election Commission. The Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand B.E. 2560 (2017) will be held on Sunday, May 14 and early election on Sunday, May 7 from 08.00-17.00 hrs. and Section 142 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives, B.E. 2561 (2018). The Act provides that any supervisor or employer shall obstruct or delay or cause reasonable convenience. If violated, the offender shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding 2 years or a fine not exceeding 40,000 baht or both. Therefore, the employer is asked to cooperate. The establishment allows employees who work in the establishment. Go to early voting on Sunday 7 This May, at the central election where the right has been registered or traveled to exercise the right to vote for members of the House of Representatives. On Sunday, May 14, the election in which voters are named, the Department of Labor Protection and Welfare issued a notification asking employers and establishments for employees to exercise their right to vote without taking leave or holidays as well. "Srisuwan" joins hands with SAT Tooth PTT to distribute digital money 
Election 2023: Prime Minister asks not to link to lower electricity bills, hopes for political results|Gen Prayut asked not to link electricity bills to political matters, revealing that discussions are underway. SAT Today (25 Apr 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister presided over a meeting of the Council of Ministers at Government House prior to the meeting. The Prime Minister gave an interview on the case of the government to the Office of the Election Commission (SEC). To seek approval to use the budget to solve the problem of expensive electricity bills. He said he was discussing writing to the SAT and reiterated that the government has an obligation to take care of as many people as possible. If there is something that needs to be redone, it must ask for permission. and give SAT Consideration Please don't make this a political issue. When asked if the water bill would be considered. The Prime Minister replied that the water supply is being considered, not all of them are the same agency, not the government or the Prime Minister has already ordered it. You need to see if it's appropriate or not, because there are rules and regulations. The government insists that it will take care because it is the government's job, but it has to ask. The SAT made it clear while Mr. Supattanapong Energy Minister Panmee Chau declined to specify the budget amount that would be used to help the people because he had to wait for the opinion of the SEC first. Initially, the same principle will be used and it will be a continuous rescue for the water bill that is prepared to rise. harish a Deputy Minister of Interior As a water supply regulator, He stated that there has not been a coordination to propose an increase in the water supply rate as it is news, but he personally thinks that it should not be proposed for consideration in this government because it is not appropriate because it is still in a situation where people are suffering from the cost of living problem for the meeting. Today, the Cabinet has only 8 agenda items to consider, such as a summary report on the overall results of the recommendations on measures to protect the right to health and children's rights in the situation of cannabis use in Thailand.
Court sentences former Pheu Thai MP Anurak to 6 years in prison for receiving 5 million baht |Supreme Court sentences politician to 6 years in prison for not waiting for "Anurak" former MP for Thailand to demand money Director-General, Department of Groundwater Resources 5 million baht Budget passed today (25 April 2023) Supreme Court Criminal Division of Holders of Political Positions Read the verdict Case No. 4/2022 filed by the Attorney General Mr. Anurak Tangpanithanon, a former Pheu Thai Party MP, is the plaintiff defendant who filed a lawsuit that at the time of the incident, the defendant was an MP, KMT Extraordinary Committee considered the draft Budget Act for the fiscal year 2021 and the Sub-Commission on Integrated Planning 2 in the said Extraordinary KMT Committee. Date 4 Aug 2020 The defendant demanded, received or agreed to receive property or any other benefits from Mr. Sakda Wichiansilp. Director-General, Department of Groundwater Resources Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment, Baht 5 million. To act or not to act in the position of the defendant. Whether it is lawful or unlawful to perform duties and is an unlawful performance or omission of duty in order to cause damage to any person or dishonestly omitted to perform duties, the punishment shall be punished according to the Constitutional Assembly Act on Prevention and Suppression of Corruption B.E. 2561, Section 172,173, Criminal Code, Section 149,157. The defendant called to demand money and job from Mr. Sakda, but the defendant denied it. Therefore, the circumstantial witnesses must be considered. The defendant did not inquire about the budget of the Department of Groundwater Resources as the Sub-Commissioner of the Judges decided by a majority vote that the plaintiff had Mr. Sakda as an eyewitness. As usual, generally. The defendant is vice-chairman of the Integrated Planning Subcommittee 2. It can be assigned to the secretariat of the sub-commission. Get it done. There is no need to call Mr. Sakda in person without anyone else hearing. Both the words that the defendant spoke with Mr. Sakda also related to the application to become a construction contractor of the Department of Groundwater Resources, which was unique to the defendant after the incident. Director-General of the Department of Water Resources and Mr. Surin Worakitthamrong The director of the Office of Groundwater Development listened immediately on the night of the incident and the next day told Mr. Naris Khamnurak. Members of the House of Representatives, listen. Considering the length of time the defendant spoke to Mr. Sakda for about 15 minutes, if only asking for documents would not be required. For so long this time that the incident has been linked to several individuals, it is unlikely that Mr. Sakda planned to tell the three witnesses that the defendant demanded money and asked for a job. The secretary of the Integrated Planning Subcommittee 5 contacted Mr. Sakda to call the defendant before the circumstances occurred that it was not possible for Mr. Sakda to plan for the defendant to initiate contact. Moreover, the next day, Mr. Sakda spoke at the meeting that last night a sub-commissioner called me and slapped me 5 million baht. which is characterized by a repressed response from the events that occurred in the On the night of the incident, the defendant was not named as the person who demanded money or asked for a job. If the defendant does not make a phone call and asks for a job, he does not. There was a reason why Mr. Sakda had to say such a serious matter at the meeting, and then in the afternoon the defendant did not attend the meeting again. In addition, the defendant telephoned and spoke to Mr. Phadol, which was the same act that the defendant had spoken to Mr. Sakda at a similar time. The budget was submitted to the Integrated Planning Subcommittee 2, chaired by the defendant, the next day. The circumstance indicates that the defendant telephoned to negotiate the benefits of the project in which the defendant was taking part in the budget hearing, as Mr. Sakda and Mr. Phadol testified, and therefore Mr. Sakda's testimony was reasonable and consistent. Linking with other witnesses gives credible weight. The evidence adduced at the hearing weighed firmly on whether the defendant had Act according to the allegations in the actual indictment. The defendant is an Extraordinary KMT MP considering the draft of the Act. The Budget of Expenditures for the fiscal year 2021 and the Sub-Commission on Integrated Work Plan 2 in the said Extraordinary Commission are therefore political office-holders and public officials and officials under the Criminal Code. The duty to offer opinions in accordance with the framework of the consideration guidelines, including being able to offer opinions on the downgrade. The budget of the agency was submitted to the meeting of the Integrated Planning Sub-Commission 2 for the meeting to consider and approve and propose to the KMT Extraordinary Committee for further consideration. Even a single defendant has no power. However, the proposal of opinion on the budget at various stages can be considered as the authority of the defendant, which the defendant may offer an opinion to you or give blame to the budget of the government agency considering that the defendant made a phone call to demand money and job from Mr. Sakda is an act of office and duty directly under the authority of the defendant. Therefore, the act of the said defendant is an unlawful demand, acceptance, or acceptance of property or any other benefit for the defendant in order to act or not act in any position of the defendant. and wrongful performance or omission of duty to cause damage to the Department of Resources. Offences under the Constitutional Prevention and Suppression of Corruption Act B.E. 2561, Groundwater and Government Affairs, Section 173 and Section 149 of the Criminal Code, which are specific chapters, are not required to fine the wrong articles or dishonestly omit to perform their duties according to the prosecution. When the defendant's actions are in accordance with the Constitutional Assembly Act on Prevention and Suppression of Corruption B.E. 2561, Section 172 and Section 157 of the Criminal Code, which are other general provisions, the defendant commits the alleged offense, the defendant will be removed from office from the holidays. and must be revoked from running for election forever. They are not eligible to run for election or to be candidates. Elected as an MP, Senator, Member of Local Councillor or Local Executive forever and without The right to hold any political office according to the Constitutional Assembly Act on Prevention and Suppression of Corruption B.E. 2561, Section 81, paragraph one and paragraph two, and the court shall have the power to order the revocation of the right. However, since in the case No. 1/2566 of the Supreme Court, the Court ordered the revocation of the voting rights of the dissidents (defendants in this case) for a period of 10 years from January 6, 2023, the date of the Supreme Court's decision in that case. The heaviest penalty is the majority vote of the judges. Sentenced to 6 years imprisonment with the defendant removed from office from April 19, 2022, the date the court ordered the defendant. Stop performing duties in this case and revoke the defendant's candidacy forever. They are not eligible to subscribe. Election or candidate for the House of Representatives. senator Members of local councils or local executives forever and have no right to hold any political office according to the Constitutional Assembly Act on Prevention and Suppression of Corruption B.E. 2561, Section 81, paragraph one and paragraph two, after the court disputed Mr. Anurak, filed a bail application in the appeal hearing, related news, the Supreme Court ordered "Anurak" to stop performing duties in the bribery of 5 million NACC, pointing out "Anurak" demanded 5 million baht, the Department of Groundwater opened a dialogue. Claim: MPs call for 5 million baht From the Director-General of the Department of Groundwater, who robes? Slap the Director-General of the Department of Groundwater Resources 5 million
Election 2023 : Thailand builds Thailand to sue government officials Make electricity bills expensive.|Thai Build Thai be serious Declare monopoly capitalists, sue government officials. Expensive electricity bills Criminal offences under Sections 151 and 157 causing damage to the state and the people. Benefit private parties from variable electricity bills (Ft) and push the burden of expenses to the people today (April 25, 2023). Thai Build Thai Party by Mr. Thakorn Tantasit Secretary-General of the Thai Sang Thai Party Deputy Party Leader and Director of the Anti-Corruption Bureau of the Thai Sang Thai Party assigned Mr. Priyet Angkurkitti Director of Communications and Public Relations Mr. Jetubun Amrungjitchai, Deputy Spokesperson of the Party Mr. Ranakaj Chin Samran Economic Working Group The Thai Sang Thai Party, together with its legal team, filed a lawsuit against government officials who contributed to the high electricity bills to the Central Criminal Court for corruption and misconduct, revealing that after the Thai Sang Thai Party listened to the widespread impact of the people due to the increase in electricity prices by almost 30%, coupled with monitoring and monitoring data for some time, it was found that the increase in electricity bills was not solely due to the demand for more electricity, but from mistakes in energy policy management of the authorities and circumstances that implied benefits to many private sectors. On approving concession contracts and power plant construction that exceed the country's demand, the 2023 election: "Anudit" Thank you people for supporting Thailand to build Thailand Therefore, the Thai Sang Thai Party has filed a lawsuit against those involved in electricity under the Energy Business Act B.E. 2540 (1997) and the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand Act B.E. 2511 (1968), which have legal duties to determine measures to ensure stability and reliability regarding electricity. However, the respondent has wrongfully performed or omitted to perform his duties, has set a framework or ceiling of the proportion of private electricity generation in the country's power generation system and has determined the reserve amount of electricity in relation to the proportion of private power generation that is more than necessary and higher than consumption or the need for energy security affects the electricity tariff charged to the public is inflated and there is also backup electricity left for consumption that is beneficial or implies fraud or misconduct for the private sector to benefit from the national budget or the money of the people. Make, manage or maintain any property of EGAT has fraudulently exercised its power of office to the detriment of the plaintiff. or being an officer wrongfully performing or omitting to perform duties to the detriment of the plaintiff or the State and the people, or dishonestly performing or omitting to perform duties in order to benefit the private parties to benefit from variable electricity bills. (Ft) and then push the burden of expenses to the plaintiff and the public or the State as an unlawful act which is an offense under Article 12 of the Criminal Code. Section 151 and Section 157, therefore, request the Court to consider the case and investigate the cause of action for the collection of evidence in the possession of the concerned person for further conviction.
Annual Report "Justice Fund" Over 4,000|The Cabinet acknowledged the annual report for the fiscal year 2022 "Justice Fund" successfully assisted more than 4,000 people. Notable works Cabinet Resolution Today (25 April 2023) Acknowledge the Fiscal Year 2022 Report The past performance consisted of the Justice Fund being a government agency with juristic person status. Established under the Justice Fund Act B.E. 2558 (2015) Its mission is to be a source of funds for spending on assisting people in litigation. Application for provisional release of the accused or defendant Human rights violations or those affected by human rights violations, and providing legal knowledge to citizens, as well as coordinating and cooperating with government agencies. Public and Private Agencies System Development Form, methodology and operating services of the Fund to help needy people Read more: Court sentences former Pheu Thai MP to 6 years in prison for receiving 5 million baht
Bangkok Governor says ready to work with all parties|The Governor of Bangkok stated that he is ready to work with MPs of all parties to propose solutions to the PM2.5 crisis and other problems. Invite people to exercise their rights 80-90 percent, reiterating that elections are the beginning of democracy, the first step Thai PBS interviewed Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan, Governor of Bangkok. To the general election on May 14, 2023Mr. Chatchachart : ( smile) I haven't seen the details yet, I have to go see it first, there is still time. Let's go see the history, see the works and other information before Mr. Chatchat: I think it's good, it's very good. There's a lot of information that can reach more people. It's a good atmosphere. Seeing the people he wants to vote for. I also want to come out and vote a lot, maybe 80-90 percent, even better. Governor of Bangkok, because the MP represents the country, represents us, but we are ready to work with him, ready to work with everyone. Mr. Chatchachat: There are many issues that we may have to propose, such as solving the PM 2.5 dust crisis, if Bangkok is doing it unilaterally, it will get a certain level, but if it is done as a whole, as a work plan as a national agenda, it will help to make jobs better, or such as housing issues, sales areas for low-income people, which is only in Bangkok itself. We don't have a lot of space, but while the government itself has agencies that have a lot of areas that they can take care of, such as Treasury Department land or government agencies, if it can be developed into housing in parks or utilized areas, the Hawker Center food court, as well as taking care of trading sites for people to use, will make it easier to solve the city's problems. We need to know our position. We have to work with the people who elected him.Mr. Chatchat: (smiles) Good. Lots of options. I think there's a lot of younger generations. In the end, we have to decide for ourselves where we need to give the most weight, and in the last word, who we trust to take care of us. Chaem Chan School (North Klongton, Wattana) that day. After exercising his rights, he should also visit the polling stations at various points. Announcing more than 20 campaign venues by asking each political party to coordinate to come to Bangkok or district offices first to queue up without overlapping, which I think opening up space for voting or speech will help promote the election atmosphere and a very democratic atmosphere. Bangkok needs to go in and collect the sign at the clutter. However, he insisted that Bangkok is trying to be as busy as possible because it is an election atmosphere where people will have access to as much information as possible.Subject/Photo: Pataraporn Tanngam
Election 2023 : Launching "Kanit" to join the economic team |Power Pracharath Party Launched "Kanit Saengsuphan", former EEC worker "Big Pom", pulled to help the economic team Today (25 Apr 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The party leader, Mr. Santi and the party executive team made the opening statement. Mr. Kanit Saengsubhan Former Chief Special Advisor Eastern Economic Corridor Policy Office Mr. Kanit will help develop 14 southern border provinces and the Andaman coast. As for whether or not it will work, it is up to the Pracharath Party to lead the formation of the government only if he becomes prime minister. Kanit said he had worked with Gen Prawit for 4 years on 30 water projects and had completed 20 projects in the past. However, for Thailand's economic growth, the EEC is expected to expand by at least 7% this year, but he received a challenge from Gen. Prawit to help look at the problems on the southern border of Thailand and northern Malaysia. After discussions between Gen. Prawit and Anwar Ibrahim It is hoped that the project will be a cooperation between the two countries and will be connected to 5 provinces, namely Songkhla, Yala, Satun, Pattani, Narathiwat. Tourism development on both the Gulf of Thailand and Andaman coast Develop major infrastructure such as motorway and landbridge connecting both coasts Making an international food hub electronics etc. Expand energy cooperation between the two countries, as well as support the use of Islamic banks as the main banks of the Special Economic Corridor, aiming to bring 8 million people to the next level. In the 14 southern border provinces, return to prosperity and move out of poverty in the future.
Who do you want for the Prime Minister?|"I never showed my face, but when there was an election, I ran for people like close relatives." The villagers' talk at a Songkran ceremony at a temple in Chachoengsao province is no different from the talk of political causes. In noodle shops, coffee shops, liquor circles and intersections in both urban and rural areas about which party will stay, where to go, and who will sit in the prime minister's chair, amid the introduction of candidates from different political parties on campaign floats that take turns in and out of every alley with less than 20 days left. Whether it is "don't elect us, uncle returns" of the Pheu Thai Party or "there is an uncle, there is no us, there is us, no uncle" of the party goes a long way while the party that is pushed to the power of the state, producing the phrase "Do you want to join the PDP, do you want to join us?" "Paradoxically, it doesn't work. And the Democrat who stated that "there is no policy to take the country to death with a sword in the face", the creation of the words to choose the sides of all parties before the final arc of the election will not end here, but will continue to follow until close to the election day, including organizing a big speech to throw out the lance in hopes of gaining votes from the villagers and the FC. Bang Talat Khlong Keun Chachoengsao said he never missed a vote. The reason is because the chosen place is located not far from the house. The vote will go down to the loved ones, most of whom are different from the party they like, especially the political parties that take care of the welfare of the elderly and the elderly." I don't expect anything from politicians, I go and sleep in parliament, fight, I want good people, I do what I want to think about the country." Yay Payao said while Miss Piyanuch Raksat, or "Som", a professional in the civil service, said she did not expect anything from this election. From following election news and studying political party policies. I found that there is only a populist policy, which I do not know if it can actually be done or not, but I personally see it as a policy to sell dreams rather than "a wage of 600 baht a day or 450 baht, and to really put it into practice, whether each proposed policy can be done or not, and the political party that came up with this policy has asked the entrepreneur whether he is ready to pay the wages, which is his money." He said that if the real answer is that the policy of each party that has come out has not hit at all, and still cannot imagine who should be the Prime Minister in his heart. Miss Jirajya Tantawayo or "Ke" Fresh vegetable vendor at Bang Bo Market, Samut Prakan Province He insisted that he would go to the polls because he hoped for a change in solving the economic problems and the stomach of the villagers. "Even though there are many tourists coming to Thailand now, tourism income is still concentrated mainly in tourism provinces," said the same trader, who said that if possible, he would like wages to be raised at a higher price than at present. Because everything is more expensive, but the villagers have less money to spend. Vendors don't sell very well. No one buys her, she concludes that there are now political parties and politicians in their hearts. And hopefully he'll come in and help with his stomach problems. Make people have money, making the economy more liquid than it already is.
Army clears drama "soup" with soldiers' rice. Just boil Mama.|army Clarify the image of "soup" claiming to be a military side dish that is actually a misunderstanding. Just 1 recruit asked for boiled water to cook instant noodles. Lean quality does not fall to the standard, eat all 3 meals, average budget 70 baht per head today (25 April 2023) Maj. Gen. Yingsiri Chan Deputy Army Spokesman Nga Thong together with Lt. Col. Sakon Meesamrit The commander of the 2nd Battalion, 151st Infantry Regiment, in a statement on social media, presented images of food purported to be catering to soldiers of the 2nd Infantry Battalion in Narathiwat province, demanding that the food quality be checked by confirming that the unit's cooking quality meets the standards of the Army's policy. As for the images that are published, it is a misunderstanding of the Langpol, who did not inspect the banquet on that day correctly, but took to the Facebook page to cause misunderstanding for the details of the incident that occurred on April 23 last year. When they found the plastic box, they mistakenly believed that the soup in the plastic box was guard food. This led to the shooting of information sent to friends on the Facebook page, causing misunderstanding of this incident. This was due to a misunderstanding of the guard's food pick-up. This caused discomfort for the regular soldiers who were on duty to receive food, so they expressed their personal opinions. For the maintenance of regular soldiers of the 2nd Infantry Battalion, 151st Infantry Regiment, the regulations for the use of military allowance for catering at the rate of 70 baht per person per day for 3 meals (rice, side dishes and fuel). For all active-duty soldiers. The Army takes care of welfare rights, allowances, clothing. Bedding Field Machine Nurturing, well-being, physical fitness development Promote education, provide opportunities to further military service, and promote vocational training and salary rates for regular soldiers after new military training. 1st year: Approximately 3,670 baht per month In addition, if soldiers are stationed in the southern border provinces, they will receive a risk allowance of 2,500 baht per month, and when performing field missions, they will receive 15 baht per person per day, alimony 6 baht per person per day. In summary, when soldiers are stationed in the southern border provinces, they will receive a compensation of 15,000-16,000 baht per month. Army by the Department of Quartermaster General of the Army In addition, more than 400 menus have been revised and given to military units to be prepared based on the principles of nutrition, sufficient quantity, hygienic and in accordance with local ingredients or culture. 
Election 2023: "Proud Thai" to prevent "marijuana" from becoming a drug|"Diary" Let's protect "marijuana" from turning it back into a drug, reiterating that the business - marijuana business if done right. Moving forward with regulatory laws  Today (26 April 2023), Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Health, spoke at a panel discussion. Thailand is becoming a leader in the hemp and cannabis extracts industry for medical benefits and health products. Build a long-standing understanding of unlocking Take it slow. Take it slow. Everything is in accordance with the procedural process, Mr. Anutin said, who said that marijuana is free all over the city, reiterating that there is a control notice in place and that more than 100 people have been arrested and prosecuted so far. I repeat that those who run a business, if they do it legally, do not worry because unlocking it is a big deal through the board. P.O.S. Chaired by the Prime Minister. This round, give it to me. Dr. Vishnu Kruangam is the chairman. The judges are all highly qualified and experienced. 
Election 2023 : "Chanin" Caught COVID after a loud bang and hit the door with a broken eyebrow.|"Chanin" No. 7, NCPO, Bangplad-Bangkok Noi District, Bangkok, walked the campaign until he contracted COVID-19, his fever rises high, repeatedly hitting the door at the hospital, his eyebrow is broken, 4 stitches are fresh, asking for a space to campaign until he recovers. Apr) 18.00 Mr. Chanin Rungsaeng Candidate for Bangplad-Bangkok Noi District No. 7, Democratic Party He revealed that he went to the campaign area in the last bend to meet and ask for votes from the people. The fever rose to 39.5 degrees Celsius. During his hospitalization, he was repeatedly involved in an accident in which the automatic emergency room sliding door opened and crashed into his head. This causes the tail of the right eyebrow to break into a deep wound. Emergency surgery doctors had to give him 4 more stitches while he was hospitalized in accordance with the new COVID-19 treatment measures." I was unable to campaign with the people in my constituency, but Mr. Ongaj Klampaiboon, Deputy Party Leader of the Bangkok Region, and Dr. Ratchada Thanadirek, a former MP from Bangkok in this district, joined me on my behalf. Once I have recovered from the disease, the cycle should not last more than 5-6 days, I will go to the area to meet the people of Bang Phlat and Bangkok Noi Mai. We urge all citizens to maintain their health and regularly check for the resumption of the COVID-19 pandemic. I'm worried about everyone."  Mr. Chanin said related news: Election 2023: Employees exercise their right to vote on May 7 and 14, not considered as leave or holiday.
Election 2023: NHRC delivers 3 more policies to fund 30.8 million households|NHRC gives birth to 3 more policies to fund farmers 30,000 baht for 8 million households in hopes of reducing inequality Improve Quality of Life Prepare to submit SAT Inspection  Today (26 Apr 2023) Mr. Chankrit Dejvitak Spokesperson of the Election Strategy Committee Power Pracharath Party (PDP) Revealed that the Election Strategy Committee meeting Pracharath Party with Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The party leader, as chairman, has agreed to issue 3 additional policies for the election campaign, one of which is the policy to help fund the cultivation of farmers. 30,000 baht per household, covering 8 million households, to address inequality and improve the quality of life of Thai farmers nationwide. In addition to being a policy that allows farmers to access financing for cultivation, they also have the opportunity to receive increased income. This stimulates the basic economic system and domestic consumption. Mr. Charnkrit said the policy is to help the target group directly, not a policy in a cranky manner that may affect fiscal stability. More Today
Election 2023: 2.3 million pre-election registrations - Ram University|"Ramkhamhaeng University (Huamark) - Paragon - Huai Khwang District" People choose to register to vote in advance of May 7, the most Bangkok registered more than 800,000 voters. Nationwide, the total number is 2.3 million today (April 26, 2023). According to the Office of the Election Commission (SEC), The general election is scheduled for Sunday, May 14, 2023, and early voting in and outside the constituency is scheduled for Sunday, May 7, 2023, which is open for voters to register between March 25 and April 9. After the registration closes According to the SEC, a total of 2,350,969 people registered to vote in advance out of a total of 52,287,045 eligible voters. There are 74 central polling stations outside the district, and it was found that the central polling station with the highest number of registered voters is 1. Ramkhamhaeng University (Huamark) total 5.2 thousand people2. Royal Paragon Hall, 5th floor, Siam Paragon shopping center, total 40 thousand people3. Buildings and tents at Huai Khwang District Office, total 2.8 thousand people4. Bangkhen District Office Total 2.6 thousand people5. Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese) Din Daeng Total 2.53 thousand people6. Lat Krabang District Office Total 2.52 thousand people7. Bangna District Office Total 2.4 thousand people8. Parking Building, G Floor, Central Rama 2 Total 2.3 thousand people9. Parking lot Wat That Thong, Royal Monastery, total 2.28 thousand people10. Chandrakasem Rajabhat University A total of 2.22 thousand people, however, for those who have applied to vote in advance. They must be able to vote on Sunday, May 7, 2023 from 08.00-17.00 hrs. If you are unable to vote on that day. Must declare reasons for not being able to vote to prevent restriction of rights as stipulated by lawRelated News : Election 2023 : The SAT opens the formula to calculate the list of MPs Set the color of 2 ballots. "Green" roster
"HMS Chang" 792 Navy Claw Reinforcement |Held a ceremony to welcome "HMS Chang" No. 792 to strengthen the navy's claws After four years of shipbuilding in China, it still costs 950 million baht to install weapons systems and radar control for another two years. Lieutenant General Choengchai Chomchoeng Medical The Commander-in-Chief of the Navy, the representative of the Minister of Defence, presided over the welcome ceremony. HMS Chang The Navy's new multipurpose landing vessel ordered from China arrived at Juk Samet Pier at Sattahip Naval Base. Sattahip District, Chonburi Province, the atmosphere at Juk Samet Pier is very impressive. After the ceremony, relatives and HMS Chang They hugged each other with joy. They were separated for more than 4 months while staying at a shipyard in China. HMS Chang It is a large multipurpose landing ship commissioned by the Royal Navy. Chaina Shipbuilding Trading Co., Ltd. was built at Hudongzhonghua Shipyard in Shanghai, China, which was upgraded and developed from the LPD Type 071 that served in the Chinese Navy and took 4 years to build. HMS Chang at Hutong Zhonghua Shipyard On April 17 HMS Chang departed from China on April 18 and arrived in Thailand at 15.45. HMS Chang is a large multipurpose landing vessel supporting submarine operations. With 196 naval personnel and currently commanding the ship, the new landing ship has been named by His Majesty the King as "HMS Chang" (Koh Chang In addition, it can carry up to 600 landing troops when it is already in the Landing Fleet and Combat Service Fleet. The Navy also needs another 950 million baht to install weapons systems and radar controls. It takes about 2 years to be ready for a variety of missions, including amphibious operations, counterterrorism, disaster relief, and civilian rescue. In the form of a floating base of operations, just like HMS Ang Thong, but HMS Chang. Another important task is to act as a submarine escort ship and will have to gradually install additional systems. When recruiting submarines to be stationed, read related news, know "HMS Chang". New Navy Warships
Election 2023: Again! Thai candidate builds Thai voting SAT entered wrong party name|Thai candidates create Thai voicing SAT miss again After the person registers to vote outside the Kingdom Send a photo of the congressional candidate documents for review. Found the SAT entered the wrong party name. Today (26 Apr 2023) Mr. Nattawut Kongchandee Applicant Congressman for District 3 No. 3 Thai Sang Thai Party It was revealed that there were people who registered to vote outside the Kingdom. Send a photo of the document MP 4/1 (Nara) which the SAT enters the name information. The party mistakenly changed from "Thai Build Thai" to "Thai Build the Nation", so I would like to communicate to Parents and siblings living abroad said the document was erroneous and would have a significant impact on people's voting decisions. So let's The SEC has completely corrected and revised this type of documentation because it believes that this mistake is not minor and believes that the same mistake may occur in many districts and with applicants. "I would like to use this channel to send news to correct the wrong information of the SAT in the name of the original party, Mr. Nattawut Kongchandee No. 3, Thai Sang Thai Party, not the name of the party according to the information shown in the documents shown by the embassy. Mr. Nuttawut said. Initially, the legal department has verified the documents of the Election Management Commission and will make a written inquiry into this mistake involved. : Election 2023 : Submit "SEC" London ballot papers with alternating candidates' pictures
Election 2023 : SEC sets award for election fraud report with "news value" |The SEC set up an award for whistleblowing of election fraud with a maximum news fee of 5,000 baht today (26 April 2023). Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Public relations about election fraud reports have a "news fee", which is news information that leads to investigations or investigations in election cases and political parties for a high credit limit ranging from 500-5,000 baht. Be clear. Point out the clues yourself. The persons who are not entitled to receive news are SEC employees, persons receiving salary or remuneration, persons appointed by the SEC to investigate, applicants. MPs and their spouses, successors of candidates in constituencies, political parties or executive directors of political parties submitting candidates, and petitioners filing petitions in accordance with the regulations. The SEC has publicized the notification of election fraud with a maximum reward of 1,000,000 baht with the criteria that they must point out clues by themselves and provide clues to investigators, which must be material information and use their ability to seek facts. The inquiry must be pointed at the SEC office or the Provincial Commission and request for prize moneyRead other news for the 2023 election: 2.3 million early voter registrations - Ram University 2023 election: Employees vote May 7 and 14 It is not considered a leave or holiday. Election 2023: "Do not take photos of voters while entering booths" The SAT reiterated the party's representatives. Follow the rules
Election 2023: "Suwat" Releases Time to Restructure Electricity and Oil |"Suwat" wades in to help Korat MP candidate solve stomach economic problems, announces restructuring of oil and electricity prices, final bend "Chatpattanadara" big speech on April 28 (April 26, 2023) Mr. Suwat Liptapallop Chairman of the Pattanaklao Party to help MPs campaign at Tap Market and Mae Kim Heng Market Mr. Suwat said it was time to take energy seriously. Restructuring the price of oil and electricity prices, which has been used for a long time, and when the situation comes to crisis as a point of concern for the country, everyone agrees. After the election, you have to do that. To pull up the economy. If energy is cheap, investors Tourists will come in. Everything is intertwined with the economy, everyone is trying to present policies in order to help. The public directly said that if this is done directly, quickly, only that they must carefully look at the debt burden budget. How much money is in the hands of the government? There's no problem with helping people. But one has to look at the economic structure. The financial condition of the country, the liquidity of the country on the part of the National Development Party. He sees that the best way to help is to send jobs to the people, jobs that generate money and will be sustainable. Tourism, food production, soft power culture, especially tourism today, are considered heroes in saving the country's economy. At the same time, they have to deal with expensive things seriously, Mr. Suwat said. On April 28, he will give a big speech in front of Nakhon Ratchasima City Hall. Good job, good money, affordable stuff. Reducing electricity and fuel bills is a popular policy. We have to do our best. We're going to win elections. Candidates have to be diligent, knocking on doors, giving speeches with confidence. Party policies are in the minds of the people of Korat. 
Election 2023: "Big Tu" slams coalition party for blaming high electricity bills|"Big Tu" asks the coalition not to blame the high electricity bills on one person who has been in the same government for many years. Campaign, don't attack each other. Today (26 Apr 23) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister stated that the campaign strategy of the Ruam Thai Party is to build the nation. It is something that the government has always followed the same strategy. Therefore, today should not attack each other too much. It is better to tell them what to do when they are in government." So don't throw everything at yourself alone. The meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers was mutually acknowledged. If it's good, it's good together, but if it's wrong, it's a mistake together. However, today it is acceptable. Who's going to say anything? I'm not angry, but I want everything to be rethinkn, not attack each other back and forth and forget that I'm working together."  Gen. Prayut The reporter asked if the energy issue that the people were suffering from was being attacked and left to the responsibility of the Prime Minister alone. Gen Prayut said that he had already talked about it yesterday, there was a clarification in the Cabinet, which everyone acknowledged and understood, while some political parties attacked that the prime minister was not responsible for anything. Gen Prayut asks if related news: Election 2023: Prime Minister asks not to link electricity bill cuts to political outcomes 
NCPO pushes to amend domestic violence law "national agenda"|"NHPO" pushes to amend domestic violence law "National Agenda" with clear strategy and budget today (April 26, 2023) MISS RATCHADA THANADIREK The executive director of the Democratic Party, a candidate for the list of MPs, spoke at a political party policy forum with the hope of tackling violence against children. He said the Democratic Party values this issue and will push the solution to the national agenda to emphasize that government agencies must work in an integrated manner, recognize the severity of the problem seriously, and support all sectors and allocate budget to civil society as a mechanism to help heal victims. It is important that the Prime Minister oversees this issue through the mechanism of the National Committee on Violence Resolution, chaired by the Prime Minister, in order to resolve the issue in a uniform direction. This includes allocating the budget to operate adequately. Most effective in solving problems, Miss Ratchada mentioned the party's policy covering protection, protection, It will be driven in several ways, such as establishing a center to prevent violence at the district level to be concrete. Establish local mechanisms to monitor Comprehensive overhaul of the sex education curriculum to effectively increase the force of female police officers at each police station to support assistance. Facilitating the handling of complaints of violence cases and working with the media to be careful of presenting violent issues, Ms. Ratchada said the party is ready to continue working to solve the problem for concrete results. Domestic violence must be reduced. All sectors must work together to solve the problem. Therefore, he announced his position in support of the proposal from the public sector network. For example, amend the Protection of Victims of Domestic Violence Act B.E. 2550 (2007) to comply with international principles on the protection of victims' rights, improve the violence prevention and resolution plan into a national plan, have a clear strategy and budget, and establish a national mechanism to coordinate "multidisciplinary". Solve violence problems, including increasing social workers at agencies nationwide, etc. 
The Supreme Court has set a resolution. The Act extends the Missing Persons Act on May 18.|Constitutional Court to vote The Act extended the missing persons Act on May 18 at 9.30 a.m. after receiving the ruling on March 23 and will expire on May 22. Today (26 Apr 23) The Office of the Constitutional Court informed that the Constitutional Court judges had discussed leading up to the decision in the case of 99 MPs, which is not less than one-fifth of the total number of members of the House of Representatives. Nominate to the Speaker of the House of Representatives that the amendment to the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act B.E. 2022 B.E. 2023 was enacted to extend the effective period of the Prevention and Suppression of Torture and Enforced Disappearance Act B.E. 2022, Sections 22, 23, 24 and 25 from the original 120 days from the date of notification in the Government Gazette on February 22, 2023, to take effect from October 1, citing budget unavailability. Therefore, the Constitutional Court asked the Constitutional Court to rule on the constitutionality of Article 183, paragraph one, that the Court considered the case to be a legal issue. There was sufficient evidence to make a ruling, so the inquiry was adjourned. According to the Constitutional Court Procedure Act 2018, Section 58, paragraph one, the appointment for oral statement for consultation and resolution will be held on May 18 at 9.30 a.m. Article 173, paragraph two, requires the Constitutional Court to make a decision within 60 days from the date of receipt of the case, which is due on May 22. On March 23 last The Constitutional Court voted unanimously. Get a ruling petition The Act postponed the enforcement of the Disappearance Act and ordered the Cabinet of Ministers and the Police Commissioner to submit their opinions on the documents and evidence within 15 daysRead related news The House passed the Torture and Disappearance Act unanimously! The Court of Justice postponed the application of the Missing Persons Act within 15 days.100 MPs submit court to interpret postponement of enforcement of the Missing Persons Act 
Election 2023 : The SAT lists the code on the envelope for the overseas ballot. |The SAT clarified the case of the constituency code being observed on the pre-ballot envelope. This includes receiving two sets of ballots today (April 26, 2023). Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Clarification of the case of remarks regarding the constituency code entered on the ballot envelope In pre-elections outside the Kingdom, mail delivery is usually provided by Thailand Post Co., Ltd. with postal codes for easy sorting. There are 928 districts or more than 7,000 sub-districts and 1,000 district post points. When a voter receives a ballot Both ballots must be placed in an envelope before the election commissioner checks whether all ballots are inserted. When the director of the election unit has verified the identity, he will sign the seal of the envelope and the envelope must be addressed. By writing the name of the province, constituency and constituency code according to the voter's name. Receiving 2 sets of ballots may be due to the fact that there are 2 voters, eligible to vote in different provinces and different constituencies, have informed the same address for sending the ballots, and the delivery of ballots to the house number will be delivered only by the embassy staff as instructed by the voters. Filed "SAT " London Election Ballot Exam Candidates for the 2023 election election are pictured: Again! Thai candidate builds Thai, vows SAT enters wrong party name
Election 2023 : Bangkok raises security level and transparency to control election chests|Bangkok uses AI system to test card chest guard - card treatment room and polling equipment MPs hope to improve security Real-time abnormal alert instead of CCTV cameras that need to check backward images When the incident occurred during the Office of the Election Commission (SEC) The election will be held on May 14, 2023. Bangkok Way Adopt AI technology to enhance security controls related to ballot security, ballot boxes, and election-related equipment. In Bangkok, all 33 districts are responsible for this system, which Thai PBS introduced to today (April 26, 2023). Mr. Chatchat Sittipun, Governor of Bangkok stated that Bangkok wants to raise security standards. Although standards have already been set, such as having 3 security guards guarding the front of the ballot storage room and ballot box, and having a system equipped with CCTV cameras, the use of people to sit guard can cause unexpected or mistakes. Recording images alone, Bangkok thinks how to extract technology. Can we do it by opening it online for people to watch instead of having security guard 3? The AI system used can write a program that allows it to monitor movements if it finds abnormalities. It is not designed to detect irregularities in the ballot box or ballot box, but to capture sensors. malfunction at the card and equipment storage area. "If someone passes by this point, even though it is forbidden for anyone to get involved, the system will be able to alert in real-time that "Hey, this minute, there is a movement, there is a person in the area, the system can immediately capture the person watching the movement of what is happening, it is more efficient than using CCTV for supervision," the governor of Bangkok said. What time of day is that, exactly, until you find a flashback? The AI system can be used as a real-time alert. The system that Bangkok operates still has to wait for the SAT to allow permission, but we are prepared to build a system like this to support it"We believe that nothing will actually change the outcome of the election, but our job is to build trust. If we are confident in the outcome of the election, we believe that the next administration will be easier. If there is a question, it will make the first step unstable, which is the duty. So we direct the public to trust us, and we have to be neutral. We must ensure maximum fairness," Bangkok Deputy Governor Shanon Wangsangboon explained, adding that he was ready to insert the AI system by allowing the officers to run through the ballot box to collect the ballot box. If approved by the SEC, it will be used to install all 33 districts of Bangkok, as well as consider using it to reach the storage phase of the card chest and develop to see what to do with the vote counting period and use the score data. It appears to the public and follows quickly. "If someone is found to be involved, the AI data will detect and report the results immediately, as well as check the background that the system alerts and records clearly. It is currently under development so that people can see this system together," the deputy governor said. As for concerns about power outages, The machine can use a UPS system or use an emergency lighting system, and the camera, if there is an alert system, may require additional personnel to take care of security. In addition to the election officials who are It is already responsible for appointing and tending to oversee the normal conduct of elections. Pol. Gen. Adis Ngamjitsuksri, an advisor to the Governor of Bangkok, said the AI system could be used to experiment with other issues that Bangkok has already implemented, such as organizing hawker stalls and controlling traffic lights. While waiting for an answer from the SEC, Bangkok is in the process of testing the AI system to detect movement as well. last If the SAT can use this system, we're ready to use it. Instead, we could retreat to the front of the ballot box and ballot box. If all 33 districts are to be implemented, more than one AI camera per district may be required, and a backup system must be set up and recorded throughout the 7-day period until the date the ballot box or device is lifted out of the polling station. SAT unveils code on envelope for overseas ballot 2023 election: "Big Tu" Coalition party blames high electricity bills for 2023 election: "Suwat" releases time to restructure electricity and oil
Election 2023: "Ung-ing" tutors Thai MPs candidates using social media to communicate with the NHC |"For Thai" intensifies MPs candidates to adjust their social media campaign strategies, while "Suriya" insists on 2 times more intensive landing, don't be alarmed by poll results Today (26 Apr 2023) Pheu Thai Party organizes candidate training MPs across the country to adjust their campaign strategy. Led by Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Prime Minister candidate and Head of Family for Thailand (online) with the candidate of MPs in attendance. He wants to attend all the parliaments, so today he came to cheer and thank everyone who is still with the party to help change people's lives better. All candidates must focus on using social media to communicate with the public more. To let everyone know that the Pheu Thai Party has the potential to change the whole country, Mr. Suriya said. Prime Minister's candidacy in all regions. It was found that the response to the policy was better than expected because he saw that the people wanted change, so he urged all candidates to rush to the field regularly to be twice as hard because they cannot be underestimated. The South has seen what worries me is that other political parties are using a lot of factors to fight. Even if he loses in the polls, he will throw at it, which if he is not careful, he may be overtaken. Therefore, every candidate must defend by understanding with the people, both the party's policies and landslide issues, which must select both district MPs and lists in order to win the votes of 250 senators. Most MPs echoed the problem of large vote buying, in some areas where ID cards are collected for early elections, and therefore proposed party leaders to help keep a close eye on corruption. The party leadership has asked all candidates with corruption information. Send it to the party center for further gathering.
Election 2023 : MTA reiterates "Kamnan-Chief" Political neutrality|MTA sent a letter to governors nationwide. to emphasize Resident Chief, District Physician Inspector Kamnan Assistant chief to remain politically neutral in elections, MPs warned against taking photos of candidates or political parties or expressing their opinions online today (April 27, 2023). Reporter reports that Mr. Suttipong Chulacharoen The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Interior signed a letter to provincial governors nationwide. We ask for your cooperation to emphasize Head of House Neutrality in all types of elections, which are not scheduled for general election of MPs on May 14, 2023 and early election date of May 7, 2023. Resident Chief, District Physician Inspector Kamnan and the assistant chief are assists in the district in administering and supervising the people. They work closely with the people and are respected by the people in the area. If the behavior is in a manner that is favorable to you or harmful to any candidate or political party. The Ministry of Interior considers that in order for the election to be conducted honestly, fairly, and to prevent damage to all types of elections, the province shall notify the local sheriff to emphasize the role and duties of the chief. District Physician Inspector Kamnan and the Assistant Chief of the House as follows: Perform duties of political neutrality and cooperate and support in organizing all types of elections to be honest and fair by adhering to rules and laws, including the Code of Ethics for District Medical Chiefs. Inspector Kamnan and his assistant chief strictly emphasized political neutrality. Do not behave in a manner that is favorable or harmful to any candidate or political party, such as expressing opinions on social media or inviting candidates to participate in activities of village districts. Gestures or photographs with candidates or campaign signs of candidates may affect people's decision to vote and publicize and advise voters to perform their election duties as required by law.
Election 2023: "Anucha" confident in family cow policy You can actually do it. |"Anucha", deputy leader of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, upholds the policy of cattle million families. 300 families have been able to earn 10 years and 7 million baht today (27 April 2023). As deputy leader of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, He stated that the policy of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, especially the Million Family Cattle Project, is an extension of the actions already taken in the government. Based on his idea as he supervises the village fund, the project will be an opportunity for local people and Thai children to no longer have to be only salaried labourers because they can raise cattle at home. "The Million Family Cattle Project is not a small project, but a big project that can change the whole country and turn Thai children into millionaires in an easy way if it is calculated as mathematics and science. Cattle eat only grass until the year of giving birth 1 cow 10 months grow 300 kg, if the first year there are 4 cows, borrow 50,000 baht from the village fund, buy 2 female cows, produce 2 cubs into 4 cows, the 2nd year is 6 cows, if 1 cow is sold for 25,000 baht, half the payback has begun, and if raised continuously for 10 years, there will be 7 million baht. According to Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechow, the party's economic team has prepared, it is a great opportunity for Thais and grassroots to access funding.
Election 2023: "Thanakorn" dissects 10,000,000 PTT to go further, difficult to deceive villagers to power |"Thanakorn" dissects 10,000 baht digital money of "For Thai" to go further, difficult to deceive villagers to power The lack of budget warns businessmen to play politics. Beware of repeating the former Pheu Thai Party leader on April 26, 2023 Mr. Tanakorn Wangboonkongchana, Deputy Party Leader As the party's guideline and strategy committee and chairman of the southern strategy, Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party went to the ground to help the MP candidate campaign in Nakhon Si Thammarat.Mr. Thanakorn said that the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party has a policy to develop additional infrastructure and there are many projects that need to be done to stimulate the economy and develop the southern region according to the policy of "Do it, do it, continue it. Both continue the state welfare card policy as a welfare plus card to increase the amount to 1,000 baht, emergency loan 10,000 baht, senior citizen premium 1,000 baht, and remuneration. MC 2,000 baht, People's Emergency Fund 30,000 million bahtMr. Thanakorn said that in terms of the 1,000 baht digital money policy, the Pheu Thai Party could not actually deceive villagers hoping to come to power only because there was no budget and that the Election Commission (SEC) report 560 billion baht from 4 sources, whether it was 260 billion baht. From the increase in income, but came to attack that Gen. Prayuth failed the administration of 100 billion baht. From the VAT collection, the former governor of the Bank of Thailand (BOT) confirmed that the collection did not exceed 38000 million baht. 130,000 million baht From budget management, it would be difficult to cut the ministry's budget, and 90 billion baht from the redundant welfare budget would be to cut the state welfare card budget.
Election 2023 : "Pitha" Pry evidence of my father's funeral. I can't shake my understanding of the election.|The leader of the far-reaching party "Pitha" Jandrama came to his father's funeral. During the 2006 coup, he was detained for 5-6 hours, Yan gave 2 interviews, there was nothing contradictory, with evidence to confirm it. Unwavering to understand the election final arc is typical of politics today (April 27, 2023). Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. Post a message on Facebook I never thought I'd have to explain one of the most heart-wrenching events of my life. That was the sudden loss of a beloved father without a chance to say goodbye. During the 2006 coup d'état, on the issues with which efforts were made. Comparing my interview with Mr. Sorayut not a week ago to compare my interview with Nu Mam Surivipa more than ten years ago, that I gave 2 interviews that do not match, I would like to confirm the truth by 3 pictures to clarify and return to focus on the campaign. Figure 1 shows that my father's funeral lasted for 7 days from September 18 to 24. The answer is half (days 22-24) "and" not half time (days 18-20). Both Mr. Suriwipa's interview with Mr. Sorayut is not contradictory.Figure 2 refers to Channel News Asia reported that on September 21, 2006, a Thai government plane returning to Thailand after the coup landed at the Royal Thai Air Force Airfield. It was around 12:40 p.m. that I was flying on from New York and London. According to the news report, the officer came to detain and inspect the plane thoroughly. I was detained for 5-6 hours before the bus came out, and by the time my car came to pick me up, I arrived home around 8pm. And then we hugged for the first time after losing my dad. As for the news story, someone claims to be my father's friend. Saying that you saw me at my father's funeral on the first day, which was the 18th, must have been mistaken. Is it necessary for my brother? Because the evidence is clear that day. I'm still in America and the third picture is a family photo of me at my father's funeral. On September 22, 2006, after that, my father's body was kept for another 100 days before cremation, as I have said on many occasions. When you get into politics, and especially in the final stretch of elections, there will be attacks from now on, which I know is normal politics. I didn't feel shaken. Let's all concentrate on the campaign and continue to solve people's problems. : Election 2023 : "Thanathorn" Chonburi Campaign Maintain the same ANC vote base, take back the chair from Cobra Hao MPs in the 2023 election: "A long way" confident to maintain the base of votes in the bank's side even though many people have moved parties.
Analysis : Election 2023 : Big House Phetchabun "Santi Prompat"|Guaranteed the level of secretary-general of the big party, Pracharath power, and also the head of "Big House", Makham Wan City, Phetchabun Province. Mr. Santi Prompat must be ready to show the potential of "Provincial Boundary" again in this election, how prestige tight the province is, I do not know, but even if he is not a good speaker to speak, including MPs in the group, do not have to say the water runs out of power. It's hard to find someone to communicate on behalf of the group. Instead, he led MPs in the province group later acquired Mr. Santi Promthaveesit, or Prompat, a very successful businessman. Build an empire for both land development and real estate. The machinery and auto parts manufacturing industry had as many as 25 subsidiaries worth half a billion baht before entering the political arena. Debut as Advisor Minister of Interior Gen. Chawalit Yongjaiyut before running and became an MP for the first time in 1995 for the New Hope Party. People Power Even for the 2019 Thai elections, leading MPs in the cross-polar group to move into the Pracharath Power Party. Ready to sit position Deputy Finance Minister was originally allied with Thammanat Prompapa. The then Deputy Agriculture Minister was named in the 4-H group of the Pracharath Power Party together with R.A. Thammanat Prompapa. Deputy Minister of Agriculture Mrs. Narumon Pinyosinwat Deputy Labour Minister and Mr. Athirat Rattanasett Transport Minister, but after the attempt. "Secret Deal" Far away people do not achieve results. Thammanat and Mrs. Narumon were fined from the Cabinet, but Mr. Santi remained. MPs in the civil power Meet and cheer "Big Tu" at the Prime Minister's office at Parliament. According to media pages for the 2023 election, Mr. Surasak Anankhapun, one of Phetchabun's six former MPs, has laid down his political hand. Mr. Supravee Anankhapan is the political heir to his former District 5 MP under the Pracharath Power Party but still knows whether he is right or wrong. Because Mr. Surasak's base is very strong in this district. Phetchabun Province Since the Thai Rak Thai Party until the Pheu Thai Party in 2554 just entered the power of Pracharath in 2019 with Mr. Santi, it will definitely be a stone district for "Ban Yai". Mr. Surasak's brother also ran for another MP in District 4 in Phetchabun province to reclaim the seat. The MP returned from the Pracharath Power Party, who had to pull out the Speaker of the House of Assembly of Phetchabun Province. Mr. Worachote Sukonkajon Mrs. Wanphen Prompat is running for MP in this district to replace Mrs. Wanphen who moved to District 5, not counting District 1 where Ms. Pimporn Pornprutiphan, former MP 1. In 2019, the Big House must defend the championship against a rival with a big bone. Mr. Suthat Chansangsri Former MP 1 In 2011, from the Pheu Thai Party, this time he ran for the same party. By hoping to rely on the popular trend Ung Ing. Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra for Landslide is a key selling point for the 2023 election, so it is considered a harder battle than ever. If the "Big House" Prompat family hopes to sweep the provincial MPs to help fulfill the dream of "Big Pom" to have a chance to come true, analysis : Prajak Mawongsa read related news for the 2023 election : "Thanakorn" Dissecting 10,000,000 PTT money is difficult to move on, just tricking villagers into the 2023 election: "Pitha" Pry into the evidence of Jandrama's dad's funeral. Unwavering understanding of the 2023 election approach: MTA reiterates "Kamnan-Chief" Political neutrality
Election 2023 : "Pitha" Propose a government roadmap to move forward with dismantling 250 billion baht for NHC welfare|"Pitha" proposes a stepping government roadmap Prepare to dismantle 250 billion baht for public welfare and propose 45 laws as soon as parliament opens to revive the case of dissolving the 2010 assembly today (April 27, 2023) Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. Announcing the government's roadmap to drive the 300 policies of the Progressive Party, Mr. Pitha said that the Progressive Party has laid out a timeframe for driving the core policies that can be pushed forward in the first 100 days, 1 year and first term under the framework of 'Good Politics, Good Mouth'. There is a future' for the first 100 days of roadmap to build 'good politics'. Pitha declared that the Progressive Party could immediately use the executive branch's powers to count on a new constitution by proposing a referendum within the first 100 days to have MPs elected by all the people. Mr. Pitha is also prepared to propose. The Cabinet adopted the Equal Marriage Act for further consideration. Review political prosecutions and propose amnesty laws for all political crimes as Cabinet laws, as well as issue and repeal rules. Ministerial announcements to revolutionize bureaucratic transparency and unlock interior rules that stifle the independence of local governments. 'Good belly mouth' Mr. Pitha announced that in the first 100 days The Progressive Party will stimulate the economy and solve the stomach problems immediately by making a lottery bill policy. Massive increase in purchasing power, stimulating the retail economy to be active throughout the year. The Progressive Party plans to attract trade and investment by using the Competitiveness Fund, which has approximately 10 billion baht left. Support investment in targeted industries that create technology in Thailand Change the formula for natural gas allocation immediately to reduce electricity bills by 70 satang within 1 year and raise the minimum wage immediately by 450 baht, along with measures to help SMEs The state helps SMEs pay social security for 6 months, wages are taxed 2 times for 2 years, another part of the economic policy that can be achieved in the first 100 days is to unlock ministerial regulations and government policies. The Cabinet immediately unlocked the issuance of land title deeds for 6.5 million rai of cooperative and self-built estates and liberalized solar cells (Net Metering) to provide 'income generating roofs' for all Thais to be able to generate electricity on the roof of the last house. 'There is a future' What can be achieved in the first 100 days is to 'revolutionize education'. School rules must not violate human rights. The teacher immediately violated the right to suspend the license and stopped the teacher from sleeping on duty. 'Restore Thailand's dignity on the world stage' by strengthening relations with ASEAN countries Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam to build solidarity among ASEAN countries. and build bargaining power to maintain balanced relations with non-bloc countries and provide humanitarian aid to treat political refugees with respect for human dignity. Sign a health promotion and disease prevention (PP) budget. Unlock HIV prevention budgets that health ministers in Prayuth's government refuse to sign. You can add mental health check-ups to your annual health check-up. Initiate proactive organ donation and suppress PM2.5 dust, immediately set standards to ban imports of agricultural products related to incineration. The Progressive Party is preparing two parts: proposing legislation and dismantling the 2024 budget. Mr. Pitha said the Progressive Party already has 45 laws in its hands that are ready to be proposed as soon as the House. There are 11 political laws, 8 civil liberties, 6 bureaucratic reforms, 8 land reforms, 8 public services, 2 labor laws, 4 economic issues, and 2 environmental issues. The Progressive Party is preparing to dismantle the new 2024 budget, reduce unnecessary expenditures in the bureaucracy and increase the efficiency of tax collection, which will result in a new budget of 250 billion baht. This part of the budget The Progressive Party will be allocated to various projects, such as a fund to prove rights and debt relief for farmers, make a boxset for every child's birth gift immediately. The allowance for the elderly and disabled in the first year has been increased from 600 baht to 1,200 baht and will continue to increase by step to 3,000 baht per person within the 4th year. Whether it's improving public transport. Reduce educational disparities Support travel and examination expenses for annual health check-ups and the creative economy in addition to budget allocation. The Progressive Party is also preparing to do 3 big bangs that can give hope to Thailand: hold a referendum to elect the governor. All provinces passed laws abolishing military conscription, changing to a voluntary system, and reviving the 2010 assembly dissolution case. Mr. Pitha said that in the first What the people will get is 300 far-reaching party policies that will change the country. Whether to get a whole new constitution. Abolish mandatory conscription Election of Governors of all provinces End of land reform, return land to the people. The police are on the side of the people. Transparent state without cheats, welfare reduces inequality Electric buses in every province revolutionize education, raise wages Serious about global warming, lottery receipts help SMEs stay healthy both physically and mentally. Create a country-repairing job. Reduce electricity bills immediately by 70 satang "This is our dream, but if it is a dream, then there is no goal and roadmap. A dream can only be a dream, but the Progressive Party has a clear plan, goals, and preparation of a bill. We believe that every election is an opportunity to make a difference. If this is the Thailand you want to see, it's like the Thailand I want to see. If our dreams match, Both cards for Thailand will not be the same." Mr. Pitha concluded the related news: Election 2023: "Pitha" Pry evidence of my father's funeral. I can't shake my understanding of the election.
Election 2023 : "Seri Ruam Thai" campaign in Chiang Mai Upholding the anti-drug policy|"Seri Ruam Thai" to campaign in Chiang Mai For the 2nd consecutive day, the policy to defeat Yaspetid was adopted. Create a good new memory for the province today (27 April 2023) Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes The head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, along with Pol. Gen. Vishnu Muangpraesi, the deputy leader of the party, visited the area to meet with the people to introduce the candidates and ask for votes for Chiang Mai residents. In Area 1, District 3 and District 4. advise Ms. Uraiwan Rattanatham, candidate for Chiang Mai MP in District 1 No. 10 to the people at Chiang Mai Gate Market, Muang Mai Market, followed by Suthep Road, Nimmanhaemin Road, Huay Kaew Road, Chang Phuak Road, Si Phum Road, all 4 Chaeng (corner of the city), then went to help Mr. Thammanut Wuttulak, candidate for Chiang Mai MP in District 4 No. 11 and went to Chedi Mae Krua Market, Mae Jo Market. , lucky market and help you. Somwang Utas, candidate for Chiang Mai Congressman District 3 No. 2 and went to the area to meet the people. Pa Phai intersection (Cultural Road) , San Kamphaeng Bo Sang Market Mae Tha Flea Market, Doi Saket District, and Night Bazaar Market, Muang District, Chiang Mai Province, the leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, said that the visit to Chiang Mai province was the 2nd day. Seeing the party's work and the party's 14 policies, because the people reflected on the problem, he informed him that the party's policies answered the needs of Thai people all over the country because they had scrutinized them well and he told them that the national budget was spent extravagantly by the government. He will definitely solve to bring the budget back to the people after the election through the party's policies that meet the needs of all Thais, the leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said that in the North, the drug problem still exists and may be a negative memory in the eyes of the whole world despite the fact that the North has a lot of good things. He will curse the drug lord to erase the above memories as soon as possible, the government says there is. More arrests. He was skeptical because the amount of drugs smuggled into it was increasing every year but few cases were caught. Is this working well? On May 14, ask them to vote for their party on both ballots, and they will show that the people are real, the real ones. This has to work.
Election 2023 : Open 5 steps to exercise your right to vote|Know 5 steps before entering the booth Choose someone you like. The right Gabor with proof of identification. The general election for members of the House of Representatives will be held on Sunday, May 7, 2023. For early voter users and Sunday, May 14, 2023 for normal voters. The steps are as followsStep 1: Check the list, check the list of names and rank from the voter list announced in front of the polling station, or check the voter usage information via Smart Vote appStep 2: Submit proof of identity, submit ID card or proof of identity. The Central Election Commissioner shall verify the information and verify his/her identity and sign the voter list Step 3 and receive 2 ballots, namely the constituency MP ballot and the MP list ballot, with signature or fingerprint. Right thumb on both types of ballot stubs, with the election board signing the Step 4 ballot stub, marking the cross into the voting booth. Mark the X in the checkbox on each type of ballot, and only one candidate or political party can be selected. If you do not want to select any candidate or list of any political party, check the X X in the box Do not want to select any candidate or Do not select the list of any political partyStep 5 Drop the ballot yourself when you have finished voting, fold each type of ballot and drop it into the correct ballot box before going to the polls. Check the ID documents that are required as proof of identity to vote in the required elections. Related News: Election 2023 : Election Fraud Notification Award for 2023 Election: Employees to Vote May 7 and 14 It is not considered as a leave or holiday for the 2023 election: Open procedure for exercising voting outside the Kingdom
Election 2023 : "Pol. Gen. Tawee" curative brew Fiscal Discipline Act  |"Lt. Col. Tawee's Surveillance" General Secretary of the Democratic Party Fiscal Discipline Act People must have sufficient income and welfare, the only way to survive the country is to create people. Build a nation, raise research results to solve poverty, give people good education, solve 47%, people have public health, solve 35%. The Secretary-General of the Prachachart Party said on a debate platform in Nakhon Si Thammarat province that the previous administration had let poor people cause people to die, which the current government's way of thinking is relief, which is considered to be a violation of human dignity because it must show poverty and then get relief. So budgeting, where does the money come from? If money is to be good, it must generate GDP for the country, but today the government started from doing a bad economy, so money did not come. If we have the will to make people have a good quality of life, then we have a budget. Firstly, solve. Section 20 of the Fiscal Discipline Act states that capital expenditures shall go only to the construction of roads. This expenditure must be invested in human creation because it has been researched that if the creation of human beings as children will yield 9 times the return. They measure human quality. Therefore, the best solution to poverty is to solve the education system, the second most important is to amend Section 20, paragraph 2 of the Fiscal Discipline Act, which is to write specifically that government personnel and state welfare must have sufficient income. To which we go to add another word. In addition to government personnel. People must have sufficient income and welfare as the only way to survive the country, which is to build people, so that people go to build the nation, if they go to create money first, it makes people have passions, and then creating money first will cause people to destroy human dignity. People are very important because human beings have value and dignity, the country can only go by creating people, so to find a budget, one of the things is that we have to walk to a centralized state. We can draw hundreds of billions to build well-educated people.
Election 2023 : "Diary" Define the game Who, together with PTT, must support marijuana legalization. |It couldn't be clearer! expose If anyone is going to join the Proud Thai Party, After the next election, we must support the legalization of cannabis for the correct use for medicine, health, economy today (27 April 2023). Confirm that this election The Proud Thai Party will have enough members of the House of Representatives to propose a draft Hemp Hemp Act B.E. ... that covers the proper use of hemp and hemp. Certainly entering the consideration of the House of Representatives, Mr. Anutin said that the cannabis law proposed by the Proud Thai Party will go to the consideration of the House of Representatives. The Council approved the principle of Agenda 1 and then in the Committee floor considered until there was an increase in the Section from the Commission which had representatives from all political parties, from 45 to 95 Section 2 times that of the Proud Thai Party. Presenting the law, which must be considered very firm and something useful, however, must be passed but the last time was the end of the parliamentary tenure, so there were political matters involved, fearing that the Proud Thai Party would get too many popular votes. All parties in the commission, including the opposition and the government, gave their approval. In the newly drafted clauses, some parties have opposed the proposed recreational use of marijuana. While the Proud Thai Party never proposed these things, because the Proud Thai Party never proposed them. "Of course, after the election, the Proud Thai Party will propose this draft back into the House of Assembly again. Those who believe in the benefits of cannabis Those who elected the Proud Thai Party entered the last election with the medical marijuana and health policies of the Proud Thai Party. Last time you chose to come in, we removed the weed. From being a drug to you. This time, there is only one Proud Thai Party left to make our marijuana policy. We hope you choose the Proud Thai Party a lot, your worries will be gone," Anutin said, adding that the last government was a condition for joining the government. This time, of course, it must be in this condition. It must be the first thing that needs to be done. Because the draft Hemp Hemp Act is complete. Last time the condition was to remove marijuana from drugs. And we already have a way to do it. We legislate marijuana to make it concise, regulated, reduce the anxiety of society as much as possible. But really, nowadays, the use of marijuana has never harmed society. Never made it a problem, but there are people who are inferior. Try to make slanderous accusationsRelated News :Election 2023: Bangkok raises security and transparency to control polling booths in 2023 election: 2.3 million early voter registrations - Ram University
Election 2023 :  The election results are expected to be released on May 14.|The SEC invited media representatives to rehearse the use of voter data to report to the public. Unofficial voting starts at 6:30 p.m. and unofficial voting results are expected at 11 p.m. today (April 27, 2023). Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General, Election Commission (SEC) Discuss and rehearse the system connection to present the results of the election of members of the House of Representatives. UNOFFICIAL (ECT REPORT) AT THE SAME TIME INVITED THE MEDIA. Representative of the Office of the National Digital Economic and Social Commission Representatives of the Institute for the Promotion of Big Data Analysis and Management, Government Sector and Company Representatives The National Telecommunications Authority (TAT) has joined the discussion and rehearsal to connect the unofficial MPs voting results system in order to present the unofficial report of the election results for MPs on Sunday, May 14, 2023 accurately, quickly and efficiently starting from 7 p.m. onwards. Expected no later than 11 p.m. on election day, Mr. Sawang also said the counting of votes was transparent. The vote aggregator is a statutory election officer and the amendment of the score cannot be done alone, as there are nine officers who will record the votes in the system. It is more accurate than traditional reporting of results: 1) the general election of May 14 and 2) the results of the election. Outside the Kingdom Pre-election in the district and pre-election outside the district is expected at 7 p.m. with the vote gradually entering the system and the concurrent vote crowd around 21.00 p.m. for the unofficial plan of the election report system. Sent between 6.00 p.m. and 7.00 p.m. to the district and county score center, then consolidated into the database reporting system, which will be analyzed and managed by the Institute for the Promotion of Big Data Analysis and Management, the government and the results will be dashboarded and published on the website between 6.30 p.m. and 11.00 p.m. before the Public Relations Office announces the results to be made available to the public every 15 - 30 minutes. 
Election 2023: Fung "RTSO" Currentdee sweeps 3 seats of Uttaradit district MP to lift province|"Cool Dog" Wo "RTS" North - Northeast Shallow Uncle Tu stream does not shine Uttaradit flag 3 districts have a chance to lift the province  Today (27 Apr 2023) Mr. Yoswarit Chuluk or Cool Dokjik Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) campaign assistant said that from visiting the northern and northeastern regions to give speeches to help the party's MPs, the voice flow of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party has improved continuously. Support Points Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha There's nothing but a steady increase. After Gen Prayuth and his party's leaders gave a campaign speech in Uttaradit province last week, the party's popularity improved further. The people can experience Uncle Tu's true identity. He said in one voice that he was a kind-hearted person, the picture was not the same as in the fierce television, Mr. Yoswarit said, confident. Uttaradit province will raise provincial teams in all 3 constituencies, especially District 2 Ms. Rosrin Saranket and District 3 Mr. Saranwut Saranket. Pretty sure, but District 1, Miss Pimanatta. Jira Putta Pak voted against the candidates of the Pheu Thai Party and the Proud Thai Party. Even against the past. Former MPs and former ministers, but the vote Ms. Pimanatta is not much of a deputy while people are interested in the policies of the Maki Party, especially the welfare card Plus, which increases the amount to 1,000 baht per month and can be used as collateral for a loan of 10,000 baht for 1 year up to 12,000 baht.
Election 2023 : Trends.google.com 68% of people searched for the "Progressive Party".|Trends.google.com Open Election Campaign The most searched area was Lamphun, followed by the Pheu Thai Party and the Power Pracharath Party. Proud Thai and Democrat today (27 April 2023) Journalists report on the results of a survey in trends.google.com, which draws data from people's searches about elections. During the past week, i.e. from April 20-27, 2023, the search was divided by Thai political parties. According to the report, 68 percent of the search was conducted for the Progressive Party, 22 percent of the Pheu Thai Party, 4 percent of the Power Pracharath Party, 3 percent of the Proud Thai Party, 2 percent of the Democratic Party, and 1 percent of the people who searched for the term "Progressive Party" in Lamphun province, "Pheu Thai Party" in Sukhothai province, "Power Pracharat Party" in Phayao province, "Proud Thai Party" in Ranong province, and "Democratic Party" in Nakhon Si Thammarat province. As for the "Pattanaklao Party", Phatthalung Province, all of which are for the "Election" category. Identify the "interests" of the visitors in order of Mae Hong Son, Chiang Mai, Phayao, Lamphun, Chonburi, and related searches during the past week in Thailand. The sentences are searched in the following order: 1. If you don't go to the polls, will it be okay? More than 750 percent2. What are the consequences of not going to the election? More than 300 percent3. Election 66 Election means more than 200 percent5. More than 180 percent election donations
Election 2023: "Warawut" is not worried, does not stick to the polls - Coalition party, do not throw wrong "Big Tu" Expensive electricity bills|"Warawut" reiterated that if he becomes the government, it will accelerate the problem of high electricity bills. Suggest that the coalition government should suggest a guideline, not a one. It's useless. While not worried, the party does not stick to the 2023 election poll stream: "Warawut" is not worried, does not stick to the polls - Coalition party, do not throw wrong "Big Tu" The knot of high electricity bills "Warawut" reiterated that if it becomes the government, it will accelerate the problem of expensive electricity bills. Suggest that the coalition government should suggest a guideline, not a one. It's useless. While not worried, the party did not stick to the poll trend. Today (27 Apr 2023) Mr. Warawut Silpa-archa, Deputy Prime Minister as the head of the National Thai Development Party (TAT), gave an interview about the trend of the NHTDA. In the lead-up to the election curve, how will it accelerate that many of the forums we have focused on policies that are hot topics of society, especially electricity bills? There are guidelines that if we come to work, the first thing is how to reduce electricity bills as quickly as possible. Support solar rooftops to use two-way electricity meters. People can sell electricity back because the latter cannot sell it back. We have to make it resale and the process of contracting with the electricity must be fast. It took 2-3 months to do it. Therefore, people must reduce the burden of electricity bills as soon as possible. To what extent can negotiations with the private sector that have contracts with electricity reduce the profits of the private sector, but the reduction of profits must not disadvantage the private sector. Otherwise, it will affect the confidence of the government in the international eye. He reiterated that the problem must be solved for the people as soon as possible. As for future solutions, we will have to look at renewable energyRead the news: Election 2023: "Big Tu" slams coalition party for throwing blame for high electricity bills when asked about the case Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister and Defence Minister Identify the ruling coalition party but blame the Prime Minister. Not jointly responsible. Mr. Warawut said the relevant ministries should help ease the burden as a coalition government. What is presented as a solution should be presented. Continuing to say that does not reduce the electricity bill. As a short-term solution for the people, Mr. Warawut said that criticism of the design of ballots and candidate recommendation cards, both pictures and symbols, in question is something that he has deposited with the Election Commission (SEC) from the beginning that making ballots is costly. And the votes of those who vote outside the Kingdom are sometimes decisive points for one MP. Zonal MPs and candidates Congressional roster to be clear. To prevent public confusion, however. The ballots are now out. The green card is the applicant card. There are 67 MPs on the list, and it is difficult to print the names and logos of the parties down to two rows, and the letters are not very large. Therefore, those who are short-sighted may need to bring their glasses. Sometimes it's too small to see. Can't fix anything. Therefore, it is urgent to understand the people to be careful when voting. While the purple card, which is the applicant card, Zonal MPs are not very confusedMr. Warawut Silpaarcha Revealing the WOW Thailand policy that proposes amendments to the Constitution, he said that the NHTC believes that the country can move steadily. The biggest law is that the Constitution must be recognized as passing the Constitution does not reflect the needs of the country. Today, I hear many parties saying that they will amend the Constitution by having members of the Constitution Drafting Assembly (MPs), but the key is to select a person to be an MP. It must be able to reflect the needs and context of today's society, including occupation, age, gender, and must correspond to 66 million people. If you can. The next constitution will come from the people, Mr. Warawut said. He was not worried and did not exceed expectations, having only been party leader for 6-7 months, unable to produce miracles overnight, and now even closer to election day. Bipolar politics will be a stronger magnet. Therefore, it will cause the small party to lose the popular vote if it looks at the polls. However, let's look at the next election. Wait and see how much it will be. : Election 2023 : 2.3 million pre-election registrations - Ram University highest election 2023 : "Warawut" Chong Rath pays half a person - Reduce the process of installing solar cells to reduce electricity bills
Election 2023 : SAT seeks Thais from Sudan to vote ahead of election Valid May 14 |Secretary-General Chong Commission considers allowing Thais in Sudan to exercise their right to vote in advance outside the Kingdom On May 14, specific legal conditions were met. Prepare to submit your ballot in advance on May 1, confirm your ID card in the "ThaID" app to vote today (April 27, 2023). Mr. Pilgrimme, Secretary-General of the Election Commission (SEC) Speaking about the case of the notice to the host, both the number and the list of the party disappeared, that from the inspection, it was found that there is no place in the manner below. Initially, it was expected to be fake news, while the case of candidate list documents that had news that there were incomplete discrepancies in overseas elections was a daily problem. Today, all provinces have been instructed to check as soon as possible as far as the original check is correct, but when printing it out, it may be inaccurate. As for election fraud, there were 43 recent cases, mostly about vandalism and complaints about vote buying, Mr. Sawang also mentioned the case with the Songkhla Provincial Election Commission. Send a letter to the provincial public health saying MCO posed neutrally in the election that as far as the information is known, the provincial director sent it to his own area, which will be specific to some provinces and not the whole country. In the "ThaID" app, you can use it, not to take a photo of your ID card. However, there must be a rehearsal with the Standing Committee of the Election Unit that if they are present with the ThaID app. Voters can vote for overseas elections where many problems arise. Mr. Sawong said that initially receiving information from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs there was no problem, and tomorrow (April 28) there will be some overseas ballots in Europe to Thailand and 15 other countries will be delivered by the ambassadors. Mr. Sawong said that in this case, by law, the voting must be exercised on the day of registration, but in a similar case such as Sudan, where 94 people registered to vote outside the Kingdom today, 91 people returned and did not know if they were early registered or not. In this case, the SAT will consider it on April 28, however, on the day of the May 7 early election, the SAT and police officers are preparing to deliver the ballots on May 1 to all pre-election districts nationwide. London Election Ballot Exam Candidates for the 2023 election election are pictured: The election results are expected to be released on May 14.
Election 2023: "Korn" Suan, "Energy Minister" Do not push the burden on villagers to be responsible for expensive electricity bills    |"Korn" Suan, "Energy Minister" responsible for expensive electricity bills Don't push the burden on the people. The cost has been reduced. FT must stop collecting FT reflecting the real cost. Today (27 Apr 2023) Mr. Korn Jatikvanich Prime Candidate The leader of Pattanaklao said during a field trip to help the candidate in Roi Et province about the case of Mr. Supattanapong Panmeechow, Deputy Prime Minister and Energy Minister. Opposed to the suspension of FT charges this summer, as proposed by the National Development Party, that the kidnapping charges expensive electricity bills since Jan-Apr 2023 at 4.72 baht is already wrong because gas in the Gulf of Thailand produces more, imported LNG prices have fallen, the baht has strengthened, and the cost of electricity generation has been reduced since December 2022. Jan- Apr2023 The government refused to reduce the electricity bill but instead pushed the burden on the people this summer, Mr. Korn said, having challenged this since the beginning of the year during the cold weather when people used less electricity, but the jackpot was broken in April summer, which is when more electricity is used, but once the cost is lower, the FT fee of 93.43 satang / unit should be reduced to 0 baht for 3 months, which is in line with the actual cost of EGAT's losses. Mr. Korn said that as the acting deputy economic minister himself, who already supervises the Ministry of Finance, he can help adjust EGAT's financial cost structure and not push the burden on the people like this. It must be managed in an integrated manner and have a vision, and it is important to work with thinking about the hearts of the people. In addition, Cambodia must accelerate the Thai gas negotiations because gas in the Gulf of Thailand will run out in 10 years. "Thanathorn" says May 14 to solve stomach problems and politics together with the 2023 elections: SAT seeks Thais from Sudan to vote ahead of election Exercise 14 May 2023 election: "Warawut" is not worried, not in the polls - Coalition party, do not throw wrong "Big Tu" Expensive electricity bills
Election 2023: "Thanathorn" says May 14 to solve stomach problems and politics together|'Thanathorn' campaigning to help Pathumthani candidate reiterates this moment must be ambitious Solve political problems along the way. Thai people join us in 'going the extra mile' of the two cards. Proving that Thais want change today (27 April 2023), Thanathorn Chuengrungruangkit, a campaign assistant for the Step Forward Party, joined the campaign with the candidate of the Step Forward Party in Pathum Thani province by starting with a speech on a float in front of a provincial van terminal opposite Future Park Department Store. Rangsit joined forces with Sakon Sunthornvanitkit, Pathum Thani MP candidate for District 4 (No. 5) and Chetawan Teuprakone, Pathum Thani MP candidate for District 6 (No. 4). Campaigning with Chonlaticha Soon, candidate for Pathum Thani Congressman District 3 (No. 9) by opening a speech on a float in front of the market. Before handing out publicity pamphlets inside the market, both residents and vendors came to ask to talk and take photos with them in large numbers during one of the speeches. Thanathorn said the May 14 election will determine the future of Thailand. After 17 years since the September 19, 2006 coup, By conservatives who don't want to see democracy grow. I don't want to see Thai society change. We want Thailand to stay the same in order to maintain economic benefits and stay in power for the past 17 years. Conservatives have always had the courage to crush democratic power. Inconsiderately. Whether it is the dissolution of democratic political parties 4 times, the siege of people in the middle of the capital until there are casualties, it will freeze Thailand for 20 years, and put a new generation of people who dare to speak the truth that they do not want to hear to the table when they will crush us. They never feared us, Thanathorn continued, so May 14 is the best opportunity. There has never been a time in the last 17 years when the Conservatives have been so weak, both politically and culturally. This is the opportunity to deepen democracy in Thai society. This is not a time of modesty, thinking small, but a time of courage to think ambitiously, and he invites everyone to think ambitiously together. The more you get, the more it is an indicator that Thai people don't want to stay the same. We want to see difficult but necessary reforms for the future of our children, and the ballot for district MPs is what will make us practical, because the power to change comes from the number of MPs, and getting the largest number of MPs is what will allow the party to move forward through important legislation, push forward the progressive agenda in politicsRead related newsElections 2023: Trends.google.com 68% of "progressive party" searchers in 2023 election: SAT expects 5 p.m. to know the results of the May 14 election is not official for the 2023 election: "Korn" "Energy Minister" garden, do not push the burden on the villagers. Must be responsible for expensive electricity bills in the 2023 election: SAT seeks Thais from Sudan to vote ahead of election Valid May 14
Election 2023: "Sujashvir" helps 3 candidates NCPO campaign to push Phuket model city of ASEAN|"Suchatvee" goes south to help 3 Phuket candidates campaign Let's vote for "Democrat" back, push Phuket model city of ASEAN Technology City Center on April 27, 2023 Mr. Suchatvee Suwansawat Democratic Party candidates in Phuket join the discussion The theme is "Modern Education Drives Phuket Together" with a group of experts. From educational institutions and business groups in Phuket Mr. Suchatvee said that he intends Phuket to be a model city for ASEAN and with the modern technology policy "1 million free internet points nationwide" to be a modern selling point to be on par with Korea, Singapore or other countries. Once stepping into a country, they can immediately use their internet signal. Therefore, I would like Phuket to pilot this because it is a city with a lot of tourists and I want Thailand to be modern at this point. Phuket Link The party intends to upgrade Phuket to be a modern economic zone, to be a technology city center, to be a model city for Thailand, and to go beyond the ASEAN level. Phuket must not beat its neighbors, Mr. Suchatvee said. Regarding education, the Democratic Party wants to upgrade Phuket University to have a provincial university with all fields of study and proposes to raise Phuket Rajabhat University to be a provincial university to make Phuket a city of traffic jams. The budget to solve the problem of traffic jams is more than 200 billion baht, but no agency has come to take traffic care in Phuket seriously. This point with the Democratic Party wants. MPs familiar with the area have been working in all three districts, intending to solve the province's traffic problems. The more he is an engineer. Confirm if Phuket has traffic. A complete public system or the current light rail transportation system should be formed in Phuket's economic city. 
Election 2023 : How much money can MPs spend on election campaign?|Open expenses that MPs can use in the 2023 election campaign MPs list of 44 million baht Reveal the cost figures that MPs can use. In the election campaign, it is divided into 2 forms of expenditure calculation 180 days before the SAT announces the date of the election until the day of the election. Spending not exceeding 7,000,000 baht per person - MPs Roster Form Each party shall not exceed 163 million baht to calculate the expenditure spent from the dissolution of Parliament until the election day. - Zonal MPs Spending not exceeding 1,900,000 baht per person - MPs on the roster No more than 44 million baht per partyRelated News :Election 2023 : SAT demonstrates how to calculate MPs election list 2023 Open 5 Steps to exercise the right to vote in the 2023 election : The election results are expected to be released on May 14. 
Election 2023: "Proud Thai" to prosecute "Chuvit" accused of buying votes|"Proud Thai" to prosecute "Chuvit" after accusing him of buying votes Allegations that Lamphun "wrote a line asking for money, but the party never sent it" and in the case of Sa Kaeo, "an election assistant but sent pictures of him lying sick and borrowed money. Therefore, humanitarian aid is not a vote buying." Today (28 April 2023) Mr. Supachai Jaisamut The Registrar of Proud Thai Party members mentioned the case of Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit filed a complaint against Election Commission (SEC) About the candidate line message mohammed abdul kaew Lamphun MP candidate for District 2 Lamphun of the Proud Thai Party and Mr. Songsak Thongsri, deputy leader of the Proud Thai Party, said that in the case of the Lamphun candidate candidate, it was a claim of chatting in the Northern Candidate group. He did not want the party to abandon him and demanded 3-5 million baht. The party has never supported anything beyond the requirements of the SEC, Mr. Supachai said. applicant Sa Kaeo Provincial Congressman, District 1 In case the money transfer slip is an ongoing conversation because the campaign team is seriously ill. Sending sick pictures and borrowing money from the applicant Therefore, humanitarian aid is provided, not to buy votes in case Mr. Chuvit complains. Therefore, the SAT is considered guilty under Section 143 of the Election Act, filed a false complaint against Mrs. Darunee, and committed an offence under Section 101 of the Election Commission Act, which is punishable by criminal penalties. The legal department is currently working on Mr. Chuvit. 
Election 2023: "Virat" believes clip claiming that the PDP bought Korat votes, staged kicks and cut off legs |"Virat" believes Korat candidate was kicked and amputated After a clip was published claiming "civil power" to buy votes, Yan was staging the rival fear of losing. I can't do anything confident because gold is gold day and night.       Today (28 Apr 2023) Mr. Virat Rattanaset, Deputy Head of the Power Pracharath Party Referring to the case of the broadcast of the clip in Nakhon Ratchasima province, he said that the candidate of the party had filed a complaint with the police and the election commission. Prior to the news being presented through the media, because it was known that a video was staged to summon people. Close your eyes and bring a brochure of the candidate of Pracharath with 100 baht attached to distribute and the video has been taken to the relevant agencies. However, we have to wait for the diagnosis of the SEC.
Election 2023 : The NHRC announced a policy to act immediately if "Prawit" becomes prime minister.|The NHRC endorsed 20 policies for campaigning, 3 policies to reduce expenses and 7 policies to increase money in accounts, announced immediately if Gen Prawit becomes prime minister today (April 28, 2023). Mr. Paiboon Nititawan, Deputy Head of the Power Pracharath Party Speaking after the 2nd Annual General Meeting of the Power Pracharath Party, he stated that the meeting approved and endorsed the 20 election campaign policies of the party to be implemented if Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan He became Prime Minister and the party became the government, such as 3 policies to reduce people's expenses. In addition, there are 7 policies to increase money directly in people's accounts, including: Read other news for the 2023 election: "Virat" believes the clip claiming the PDP bought Korat votes, staged kick and cut off legs. Election 2023: "Proud Thai" to prosecute "Chuvit" accused of buying votes in Election 2023: "Suchatvee" helps 3 candidates NCPO campaign to push Phuket model city of ASEAN
Election 2023 : SAT demonstrates how to calculate MPs roster  |The SAT demonstrated how to calculate the list of 100 MPs of political parties that submitted candidates. If the whole number has not yet reached 100, allocate it to the party with the largest decimal fraction in descending order by using 4 decimal digits today (April 28, 2023). Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Open the method of calculating the list of MPs in which the political party has 1 account, not exceeding 100 people. List-based MPs, which are based on the results of electoral votes, MPs from the entire country of all political parties that submitted candidates on a list-based basis. Divide by 100 to get the average vote per MP. The list of MPs of each political party is divided by the average vote per MP1 People will get the number of MPs. For example, the total number of MPs on the list of MPs in the whole country is 40 million, divide by 40,000,000 to get the average of 1 MP is 400,000 votes, then take the election results, the list of MPs of each political party is divided by 400,000 to get the number of MPs of each party, for example, political party A gets 16,300,000 list points, political party B gets 15,000,000 votes, and political party C gets 8,700,000 votes. 37 List MPs and Political Party C 8,700,000 divided by 400,000 = 21.7500 will get 21 MPs, including 3 political parties. 98 MPs, after calculating the number of MPs, have not reached 100, to sort the votes of all parties using 4 decimal places for the political party with the most decimals. Therefore, parties A and C have the most popular votes to get 1 more MP each, summing up political party A with 41 people, political party B with 37 people, and political party C with 22 people, exactly 100 people.      
Election 2023: "Srisuwan" "Pitha" drama for his father's funeral was wrong.|"Srisuwan" to scream SAT exams "Pitha" after being caught on social media over father's funeral Pointing to illegal election deliberate violations M.73(5)Today (28 April 2023) Mr. Srisuwan Janya, Secretary General, Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association Submit a clue petition to the Election Commission (SEC) Investigated, investigated, and diagnosed. In the case of Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The head of the far-right party gave an interview on a news worker program in a flavored manner about returning from the United States to his father's funeral during the 2549 coup, but he slandered and made falsehoods. Section 73(5) of the Election Act 2018 or notMr. Srisuwan For example, Pitha's interview in 2 programs that social media people found to be inconsistent on many issues, pointing out attempts to fabricate stories to tell the same story to look like they were being bullied. He was bullied by the security or military until he could not attend his father's funeral in time and was forced to control his finances for 2-3 months until he could not find money for his funeral. In spite of the fact that many people who were in the incident or knew the truth came forward to post a challenge. Mr. Pitha's interview said. Thus, it may cause viewers to Those who do not know the facts may misunderstand the popularity of Mr. Pitha and the Progressive Party, thus slander with falsehood or misleading motives. In the popular vote of a candidate or political party according to Section 73(5) of the Election Act of 2018, which is punishable with imprisonment from 1-10 years or a fine from 20,000 to 200,000 baht or both, the court shall order the revocation of the person's right to vote for a period of 20 years. The SEC shall conduct an inquiry, investigate and make a ruling on such matters. Read related news on 2023 elections: "Pitha" Pry into the evidence of Jandrama's dad's funeral. Unwavering understanding near the 2023 election: "Pitha" Propose a government roadmap to move forward with dismantling 250 billion baht for NHC welfare
Election 2023: "Phadimchai" Yan Chot Nakhon Pathom fights fully in all 6 districts|"Phadimchai" Yan Chotp Nakhon Pathom fights hard in all districts with confidence of no less than 4-5 districts, revealing the final tactic, aiming to get the partylist vote for the No. 18 party today (April 28, 2023). Mr. Padimchai Agamsap, candidate for Nakhon Pathom MP No. 7, District 6, Thai Pattana Party (Sam Phran District) Chinda Market Khlong Jinda Bangchang Klongmai Tha Talat and Hom Kret) said that in the first round of campaigning, the Nakhon Pathom team in all 6 districts, we focused on asking for votes for the district candidates because the numbers of each candidate did not match in the first stage, so we wanted people in the district to have ties to the individual numbers of the Thai Pattana Party first. The big goal is to remember the district numbers for a while, so now everyone knows what the 6 district candidates of the Thai Pattana Party have. Add more campaign cars to the party-leader badges. Let's play speed at the last bend. When not confused with the number of people, let's add the party number today when we analyze it and make us increase the publicity of the Thai National Party number to develop more to find votes for Mr. Warawut. More party leaders, we're going to have a lot of cars running around 18 in the city, a safe zone, running 18 in people's heads and saying green card number 18. The public knows that until we're sure we're number 18, this is our tactic. It's the final strategic plan. Don't worry too much about the district. We should have at least 4-5 districts, Mr. Padimchai said. At the same time, the Thai Pattana Party is not populist. We have sustainable policies such as 3,700 baht for social security, 3,000 baht for not getting sick. Of course, give away good varieties of rice without carbon and get a refund of 300 baht per rai, we have a non-populist presentation method, but we raise money back and the leader of the Thai Pattana Party has expertise in many aspects. Our team has to be a little exhausted to help spread the word to the public. Today, we have increased the publicity of the Thai Pattana Party No. 18 to improve our roster score. The team will have a meeting to conclude the final curve on April 29. 
Election 2023 :  Overseas elections, each one is different. Based on the embassy designation. |SAT opens overseas election process Based on Embassy-Consulate General Every country is different. Users will receive 2 types of envelopes today (28 April 2023). Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Issuing documents emphasizing overseas voters to follow the detailed information and methods of voting outside the Kingdom. For example, some countries allow one-way postal voting, or some countries have booths opened at embassies or consulates-general, and other places include worker camps. In addition, each country has a different voting period, and voters outside the Kingdom where they reside must follow the procedures prescribed by the Ambassador or Consulate-General and check the 5-digit constituency code, which is not a postal code. A small envelope for ballots or MPs 5/2, which is a small envelope for ballots, has been addressed to the correct voter by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Voters must bring their crossed ballots to cast their ballots. Fold into the envelope and the envelope will have a box for the director of the polling station to sign on the seal to confirm that the voter has inserted both types of ballots.2. Document envelope or MP 5/21 (Nara), which is a large envelope for inserting the ballot envelope that has crossed the voter and inserting a certified copy of the evidence used for voting such as passport, ID card, etc. Sealed and signed at the seal joint and returned to the Ambassador within the specified time. If in doubt, you can ask for more information about the election of MPs at the embassies and consulates general of each country where they reside.
Analysis : Election 2023 : 3 The Big Bang of the Progressive Party|The party's heat has gone a long way, both online and in the polls. This also affects the Pheu Thai Party. Even in opposition poles together. Even the yolk base like the field. Chiang Mai and Chiang Rai even had to raise a large army to help open the campaign platform in hopes of reinforcing the landslide. This includes areas where schools and universities are located, with young people or newvoters who will be able to vote for the first time. According to the survey at the end of 2022, if counting the first voters and young people aged 18-25 years, there are a total of 6.6 million people, or about 12.78% of the total voters, although not much. Compared to other age groups, election wins may not be determined. But there's no denying that it's an active group that wants to get involved in politics, including elections. These New Voters There is communication and exchange of information through the application all the time, especially in the voting results of 2 media giants "Matichon" and "Daily News" No. 1. Overtake "Oung-ing" Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra and Mr. Settha Thaweesin Moreover, the trend of being a party that has been especially watched is coupled with Mr. Pitha's diligence, both on the ground to help campaign for the party members or to take the stage of the big speech, as well as wiring almost every stage of the election debate in the big picture debate and Ms. Sirikanya Tansakul, the deputy leader of the party. The head of the economic team in the economic arena, together with the Progressive Party, led by Mr. Thanathorn Chuengrungruangkit, former leader of the Future New Party, are complementary teams to help in the online and social world. It gets even hotter knowing that the current is coming. The Progressive Party immediately resumed its offensive. As the Thai proverb is, the blacksmith must strike in the heat by announcing a roadmap ready to change the country. In the first 100 days, 1 The first year and the first 1 term if it becomes a government is considered to stimulate fans and people who want to see political change again. Economic, Social and Political In addition to the bureaucratic revolution, dismantling the 2024 budget, unlocking the shackles that hinder it, it also opens up a review of the case. Amnesty for political assemblies and dismantling of charges for dissolving protests in 2010, one of the three big bangs that will make one year for the governorship election, was the result of the Bangkok governorship election where Chatchachart Sittiphan won a landslide vote. It has ignited a demand for people in the provinces who want to have the opportunity to elect their own governor, not wait for the Ministry of Interior to choose them because they will know the condition and know the problem. Know the strengths and weaknesses and know the development guidelines of the province better than outsiders. The main obstacle is the seizure of power and enormous benefits from the Ministry of Interior and the central government, but the main obstacle is the military, which is linked to security and the need for military forces to defend sovereignty or to deal with enemy kingdoms. Not to mention the many obstacles to the law, including the revival of the 2010 protest dispersal case between May 7-19, armed troops and armored vehicles besieged the area to reclaim the area from the group's protest. 87 people were killed on both sides and some were injured. The incident occurred at Ratchaprasong intersection and nearby, and has extended to the burning of several city halls in the Northeast. There will be so many important tasks that need to be rushed that the urgency must be rearranged. Because no matter which party becomes the government, it is expected of all people. The possibilities of these 3 important tasks, and possibly others, may be just the beginning, or just symbolically pinned, but how much can be pushed, perpetuated, or implemented to achieve the goal? Lean current "Uncle Tu" is very good, confident MPs in the 2023 election: Overseas Elections Each is different. According to the embassy, the 2023 election schedule: "Phadimchai" Yan Chot Nakhon Pathom fights fully in all 6 districts.
Election 2023: "Moving Forward" Hits "NACC" Reveal the information luxury watch "Big Fort" to release into the council does not release | Teerachai, Progressive MP candidate "N.C." "Big Pom" luxury watch data revealed, dreaded by society not convinced Today (28 April 2023) Mr. Teerachai Phanumas applicant Bangkok Progressive Party Said after the election campaign in the case of the Supreme Administrative Court. The judgment was given to the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC). Disclose fact-finding reports and gather all documentary evidence related to the hearing. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deliberately filing false property statements or concealing facts that should have been acknowledged in the case of a friend's watch ring as a former spokesperson for the commission. The House of Representatives said the flaw in the NACC's investigation was the lack of in-depth investigations, such as the serial number of luxury watches. The NACC can send the case to foreign inquiries. But they did not do so until the society questioned whether the NACC was easy to believe and deliberately believed too much. He has reiterated in the House that according to the law, there are many conditions that allow the case to be revived. But at present, the work of the relevant agencies is full of delays. There is a delay, not counting the president. The NACC is close to Gen. Prawit and the directors. The current NCPO comes from the 2017 constitution that includes an appointment process by senators from the NCPO. All thus causing society to lack confidence in the performance of its duties. NCC Directors The NACC met and voted by a majority not to disclose such information and agreed to write to the Supreme Administrative Court to review what information can and cannot be disclosed. Thirajchai said that while the Administrative Court acted honestly, the NACC seemed to be trying to delay the matter past the election period.
Election 2023: "Dirty" Lean current "Uncle Tu" is very good, I assure you, Congressman.|"Jue Ratchasih" reveals Songkhla people waiting for "Gen. Prayuth" to go to the area to ask for votes to support the Ruam Thai National Building Party this weekend Hundreds of thousands of villagers grateful for the flood relief funds, they would like to thank Yan Current. "Uncle Tu" is very good, confident that MPs will definitely Songkhla today (April 28, 2023). Mr. Jue Ratchasih, Applicant Songkhla MP for District 1 No. 1 of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party said on April 30. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha prime minister As Chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTTC) as a candidate for Prime Minister. The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party is scheduled to campaign in Songkhla province after completing campaign missions in Trang and Phatthalung provinces on Saturday and then staying overnight in Songkhla province to resume its mission on Sunday. Gen. Prayuth eagerly wanted to thank him for helping until the villagers received money to heal from the effects of the recent major floods. Gen. Prayuth visits troubled people in Rattaphum district Khuan Niang After that, he returned to the Cabinet meeting until the relief money was approved for the brothers and sisters. Songkhla province that was flooded but still left behind, causing Songkhla province to receive relief money that left more than 100,000 people Read the news: Election 2023: "Thanakorn" dissects 10,000 PTT to go further, just tricking villagers into power. The People's City District receives money thoroughly. People who have received relief money want to come and thank you. Gen. Prayuth on the occasion of his trip to the South Gen. Prayuth has benefited the people of the area and the second story Songkhla people want to come to cheer up. Gen. Prayuth has served in a campaign speech for the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party to get a chance to become prime minister again. The people of Songkhla are grateful that they are not abandoned. Uncle Tu will set up a big speech stage at the city square, next to the Ranot bus queue in Songkhla Municipality from 10.00 a.m. to 12.00 p.m. Then will visit the people in Rattaphum district. Then returned to the stage of the big speech at Saphan Dam in Hat Yai Municipality at 6.30 p.m. at both points in Songkhla Municipality as a big speech with tens of thousands of people waiting to listen to the spot to support Uncle Tu." Mr. Jue said, Mr. Jue. He reiterated that two weeks before the election day, the tide of the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation was very good. People want Uncle Tu to become Prime Minister again. We are sure to District Congressman in Songkhla, absolutely. Uncle Tu is sure to become prime minister again. Therefore, I urge the people to come out and elect MPs from the Ruam Thai Party district to raise their hands to support Uncle Tu. Related News :Election 2023 : How much money can MPs spend on election campaign?
Election 2023: "Suwat" ready to unite the party to get the number one vote to form the government|"Suwat" is ready to support political confidence building and unite with the number one party to form a government, asking the SAT to keep an eye on vote buying, fearing that it will affect confidence in the election results today (April 28, 2023). Mr. Suwat Liptapallop The chairman of the Pattanaklao Party and the prime minister's candidacy said after the campaign in Nakhon Ratchasima province that the people's expectations for this election cycle were high. Need economic solutions. Therefore, the party has a policy to amend it. However, in the final stretch of the election, he was worried about vote buying. Assist in the regularity of the elections to legitimize the position of the Pattanaklao Party. Mr. Suwat said that the party has not discussed or discussed with anyone at the moment, but the party is ready to support the political party that is elected by the people first because it is considered to have gained consensus from the people. Is the party ready to join hands with the Pheu Thai Party? Mr. Suwat said that the poll trend is just a poll, so we have to wait and see the election results, but the party has been compatible with all parties. Therefore, they are not political enemies to anyone. Whoever comes first should be the one we support.
Election 2023: Chonburi Election Field Drilling Academics point to fight the fury "Big House-New House-New Politics"|Penetrating the Chonburi election field, political warfare, complicated prestige battles and hiding deep power poles More than 10 MPs seats 2 weeks until the election day for MPs May 14, 2023 "Chonburi" is one of the provinces where the battle is hot. Thai PBS talks to "Assoc. Prof. Oran Tinbangtiao" Lecturer, Faculty of Political Science and Law, Burapha University A scholar with more than 20 years of experience in Chonburi politics to the battle of the Chonburi election field this timeAssoc. Prof. Oran: This election It's not just a national election, it's a "political war", a political war for prestige because Chonburi politics changed after the death of "Kamnan Pao" (Mr. Somchai Khun Pluem). The status of the big house There is no way to stabilize the same way again because there is a new political group that has emerged if we see it as a national political situation, that is, it is a fight between for Thailand, the power of the state, the unification of Thailand to build the nation and the party moving forward. In national politics, but hidden and stacked politics is "personal politics" that pass through the political polarity, which occurs after the split of the big house, 3-4 groups individually, each group that will clash intensely after thisAssoc. Prof. Oran: As far as following politics, Chonburi elections since 2000, I think this year's (2023) MP election will be the most intense battle in 20 years. In each election, the big house has all the advantages. Whether it's the power mechanism, the individual mechanism, it can be assessed from the beginning that the winner is the "big house", but this battleground is not the same, this group we may call the new generation or the middle class who can take care of themselves economically and politically. These are Chonburi people, just like the people who have lived before. But these people want to see a different kind of politics, but politics itself has not changed Prof. Oran: I give weight to "District 1" ( Amphur Muang) because District 1 is the homeland area of Ban Yai ( Mr. Twilight ) and Ban Mai ( Mr. Suchat), but ask if they can compromise. For me, those who follow politics think that there is an opportunity, but there must be a connection and that person must have enough prestige that these two people must have in mind. When there isn't, so the competition in District 1 is very important because it's the home of both of you. The men running for District 1 aren't either starters, but they have a lot of implications, like the big house side. Send Miss Supeephan Homwal or "Sgt. Ae" Which people may wonder why Ban Yai sent Sgt. Ae But because Sgt. Ae is a new generation and is also the daughter of Mr. Pasakorn Homwal or "S.T. Yao" Mr. Pasakorn Homwal, the right hand of "Kamnan Pao" (Mr. Somchai Khun Pluem, the expanse of Chonburi and the eastern region) with which this "S.T. Yao" is very important because he is an important key man of the Big House group who oversees political affairs and takes care of the people's network of Ban Yai all along. His political experience is substantial, and he grew up with a lot of networking. I think this is the decision to send down the MP, and on the other side, if you look at this District 1, the previous opponent was Minister Suchat, which Mr. Suchart may see as his hometown. He can't lose, but if he's allergic to the image, he's allergic to the child. So he had to call on Mr. Twilight to come down and compete with him in this district, which he saw as brave and if Mr. Suchart beat Mr. Twilight in this district. It will deprive the image of the big house. Mr. Twilight did not run for long-term political work. He knows that if he loses, it means his party, how he will live, as well as the political status of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. He has every right not to risk going into a fight. Therefore, he chose to turn to the party list instead, and the 2 people still have reasons to say that it is necessary to take care of the area in the picture as well as the region and the whole country of the party, which both have reasons to listen. Wife's sister Mr. Suchat, who is a local politician, stepped down and was also released later. From the big house sent down the MP, so it is a district level battle of the electoral field very intense, where the election result is not only winning one side but the image of the clan of the political net. Assoc. Prof. Oran: This is an important transitional phase. As I said, complex politics is not just a national election, but it means maintaining a local political status. Especially the big house group. Want to close Mr. Suchat's game because he knows that if Mr. Suchart wins only 3-4 seats. If Suchart wins 3-4 seats, he will be sucking local politicians into a "new power arch". If Mr. Suchart sends down all his own people, it will be even more difficult for the big household. The Big House Group is even more difficult because the real relationship between local and national politics is so close. If you take over the beachhead of local politics, It's that hardship happens and vice versa. If Mr. Twilight's Big House group wins the election and Minister Suchat's new House group loses, it will allow the Big House Group to regain its political status and may restore its former greatness. To the extent that it may be necessary to dismantle the lessons, disassemble the phenomenon that has occurred, or put up a new network, this election of Chonburi province is a continuation. It is an epic election of Chon City. Don't forget, in 2 years there will be an election for the president of the province. It's very fast. After that, it will be followed by the election of the mayor and the mayor of the SAO, which the timeline of each election is short. Therefore, this election, regardless of which side it is, cannot be defeated at all.Assoc. Prof. Oran: If you put it all together. Everybody on all sides says that all 10 landslides have to shut down the other side. On the big house side, Mr. Twilight said that the game must be closed by Minister Suchat. Minister Suchart also said that 10 districts must be closed to close the "Khun Pluem family" game because local politics is not just a trend of one party. Especially when it comes to popularity networks or establishment points, which are all variables. It may not be easy for either pole to get a landslide vote in all 10 districts, or to get 7-8 seats, I think Pheu Thai Ban Yai Party got the most 5-6 seats, because because from the current Pheu Thai Party, who must admit that the current for Thailand has an advantage, the next must be undeniable that the candidate of the Suchart Ministerial Team is interesting, a person with established votes, a network, has a lot of local costs in many districts, 5-6 seats as well, later look at the part of the Step Forward Party, which is a long way itself, estimate that it will get 4-5 seats, but whether or not will it have to wait and see on election day. There was a large bourgeoisie. These people are educated, economically wealthy, and self-reliant. As a citizen, Chon does not like the picture to remember. Traditional politics that must be based on one pole or another. I don't feel like it's the politics he wants, which I think is the base of the progressives who want to see politics in common sense in their minds. I want to see a change, because he pays a lot of taxes. If you look at it, it is not caused by metaphysical imagination at the same time that the PPP seems to have no current now. But if you look at District 2, it is interesting to see that you will get a seat in this district.Assoc. Prof. Oran: For me, people see that the big house competes with the new house because of the trend, but I see that it is not because they are fighting 3 groups: 1. The old power group. 2. New power groups and 3. Future poles where it grows significantly.
Election 2023: "Moving Forward" Open Evidence "The Commissioner" He was ordered to conduct an election poll. Dread favors political parties|Go a long way to open evidence, bureaucrats. The MPC was ordered to conduct polls in the community. Questioning in favor of some political parties, hijacking the MEA and the Minister of Education Quick clarification today (29 Apr 2023) The party's Twitter account went a long way. Open a document with a government official complaining to the Progressive Party that the senior executive of the Office for the Promotion of Non-Formal Education and Independent Education Perform duties contrary to the mission. The MEA is not politically neutral. Bring out the resources of the department, whether it is personnel, Materials, equipment, equipment, and budgets for conducting election polls favor political parties in the complaint papers. Date 22 Mar 2023 09.00-14.00 hrs. The Office of the MEC, under the command of such senior management, has invited the A total of 120 people attended the meeting and invited the Deputy Secretary-General of the Election Commission (SEC). Lecture on "Driving Democracy Promotion in Educational Institutions "After the Deputy Secretary-General of the SAT finished his lecture, the senior management of the NEC assigned the executives. Provincial Commissioner and School Director Nationwide Conduct a poll by providing a survey link for teachers. Sub-district or personnel assigned by the Director of the PEC to fill in the information and import the data into the 4-phase system Phase 1 by March 31, 2023, Phase 2 within 10 Apr 2023, Phase 3 within 24 Apr 2023, Phase 4 within May 1, 2023 and onwards On 2 Apr 2023 The top executives of the Office of the MEC held an urgent meeting at 2 p.m. online and set up a Line group called the Director of the Provincial Council of Provincial 66 to specifically instruct about polling. government official The MPC sent a letter of complaint to the Progressive Party. Indicates that the actions of the senior management of the office The MEA has created awkwardness for the management. Provincial, district, and teacher The District Council, which has to issue space to collect data, may not be safe for life and deprives teachers of credibility with the community that has to conduct this election poll and view such actions as politically neutral. This makes subordinates have to comply because they are afraid that if they do not follow orders, they may be bullied. And most importantly, it wastes teachers' time organizing classes for this poll, which is not the primary task of the agency in the office. The results of the polls are not made public. As a result, government officials who submitted complaints to the Progressive Party noted that this poll may be conducted in favor of a particular political party, especially the Progressive Party. Therefore call for Ed.D. and Trinuch Minister of Education Urgently clarify the facts as to whether the documents submitted to the Progressive Party are true or not. If true, I would like to urgently stop this order because the Progressive Party sees that this is an increase in work that is not related to teaching and learning, and is not the primary task of teachers. NEC to improve the country's educationRead related news in 2023 elections: Chonburi election field drilled, academics point to fight fury "Big House-New House-New Politics"
Election 2023 : The SAT knocked. Thais returning from Sudan The election is May 14.|The chairman of the SAT stated that many overseas ballots have reached Thailand. The last day to arrive is May 9 with all safety measures in place. As for early voting, anyone who registers must use the privilege only on May 7, not on May 14 today (April 29, 2023). Mr. Ittiporn Boonprakhong The chairman of the SAT revealed that today (April 29) The SAT will convene an electronic meeting to consider whether Thais who fled Sudan on April 27 and have already registered to vote outside the Kingdom will be able to vote in legal elections on May 14, Mr Ittiporn said. Between April 24 and May 5 and yesterday, April 28, overseas ballots from Prague, Czech Republic and Kathmandu, Nepal, arrived in Thailand. Overseas ballots After the lessons learned in the 2019 election that ballots did not arrive in time, there was an OVMS tracking system that would notify the status and coordinates of overseas ballot mailbags at every step. And from the lessons of the 2019 election, where are the risks at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs? Such as the point where the machine needs to be transitioned or transferred, which is a risk to the State Department. He handed over the mailing bags to Thailand itself, which has 13 countries, reiterating its efforts to solve the problem. Speaking about the readiness for the May 7 and May 14 elections, the SAT chairman said that people who registered to vote in advance on May 7 would only have to use it on that day. If you do not exercise your right on May 7, you must notify the reason why you cannot exercise your right to vote through legal channels or the Smart Vote application. In the 7 days before the election, from May 8 to 13 or 7 days after the election, which is May 15-21, in addition, 447 locations were held in 77 provinces. Political parties can campaign normally, but are prohibited from campaigning near polling places or circumventing polling stations as it may be against the law, the correspondent reported. The SEC resolved to allow Thais returning from Sudan to vote outside the Kingdom. Eligible to vote on May 14, read related news on 2023 election: "Moving Forward" Open Evidence "The Commissioner" He was ordered to conduct an election poll. Political Party Election 2023: Chonburi Election Field Drilling Scholars point to the fight "Big House-New House-New Politics"
Election 2023: "Warawut" to go to the last bend, campaign in the city to ask for votes for "Thai nation development"|The final bend "Warawut" to campaign in Bangkok, walk to Din Daeng market to help "Worawut", candidate for Din Daeng-Phayathai district Let's vote for Thai nation to develop No. 18 not afraid of the big party trend. Pointing out the problems of the people do not come with the current today (29 April 2023). Mr. Warawut Silpaarcha The leader of the Thai Pattana Party, along with Mr. Santi Kiranand, the deputy leader of the party, as candidates for the list of MPs, went to the area to help. Mr. Worawut Leelanphasak, candidate for Bangkok MP in District 6, Phayathai Din Daeng No. 14, Thai Pattana Party, campaigned for Mr. Warawut and Mr. Worawut walked to meet the residents of Flat Din Daeng and handed out introduction cards to people who came to shop. Vendors in the morning market and walk until you reach Din Daeng Central Market. Prachasongkroh Soi 7 is ready to deposit candidate No. 14 and ask for votes for the Thai Pattana Party No. 18 as well, then Mr. Warawut and his group take a float to the Luesha police flat. When the campaign convoy arrives at the Victory Monument area. Mr. Warawut made the announcement through a campaign car. I would like to vote for the party's candidate, Mr. Nattakan Suwansophon. Bangkok MP candidate for District 2 Sathorn, Pathumwan Ratchathewi No. 2, Thai Pattana Party Reporters reported that while walking the morning market in the 8-storey Din Daeng flat, villagers complained about the rough, bumpy central road. He asked the candidate and leader of the Thai Pattana Party to help coordinate the resolution for the villagers, Mr. Warawut said, adding that it is good that many political parties have offered to serve the people. In this final stretch of campaigning, many issues will be presented. The Thai Patana Party also came to acknowledge the problem because in many areas, the problem is different. But what we want to see is that the candidates of the Thai Patana Party are working for the people in all areas where we send candidates to read the relevant news. Prime Minister asks SAT to approve central budget to speed up energy bill relief for May 2023 election: The SAT knocked. Thais returning from Sudan Election 14 May 2023: "Moving Forward" Open Evidence "The Commissioner" He was ordered to conduct an election poll. Dread favors political parties
Election 2023: "Prayuth" Tell the people of Trang. I would like to raise the province to develop more prosperously.|Gen. Prayuth and his leaders "Unite Thailand to Build the Nation" went to 3 southern provinces "Trang-Phatthalung-Songkhla" to campaign for candidates. Ruam Thai Party MPs build the nation during the holiday today (29 April 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, Prime Minister candidate Ruam Thai Nation Building Party with Mr. Peeraphan Salirathvipak, Party Leader Mr. Eknath Promphan, General Secretary of the Party Mr. Anucha Burapchaisri Mr. Thanakorn Wangboonkongchana and Mr. Visut Thampetch, Deputy Party Leader Party leader Samart Maluleem and party executives went to the southern provinces of Trang, Phatthalung and Songkhla to campaign for the candidate. MPs of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party In the final stretch before the election, Gen. Prayuth went down. Trang Help Mr. Somboon Uthaivienkul The candidate for District 1 No. 3 of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party rode a float from Kantang District Governor's office around Kantang Municipality to meet and greet the people who were waiting to greet him and give flowers and garlands to Gen. Prayuth. Uncle Tu came by himself today. He looks like this. Thank you all for your support. Love Uncle Tu, Uncle Tu also loves people, Kantang loves everyone. Don't forget to choose Mr. Somboon Uthaivienkul. Candidate No. 3 for him to continue working, don't abandon Mr. Somboon's No. 3 and Uncle Tu's No. 22. Gen. Prayuth stopped his speech to meet people in front of Krung Thai Bank. Invite the people of Trang Choosing the Thai Unification Party to build the whole province, Gen. Prayuth said that I admire the people of Trang as clean lovers. Feel appreciated. The city is clean. This is a good thing to keep doing. The dual track rail link to the south will still have to be continued. Even if there are no MPs in this province, but if it is easy to do so, there must be a large number of Ruam Thai Nation Building Party MPs in this province, Gen. Prayuth said of the welfare card Plus. 1,000 baht per month, 12,000 baht per year, and can also be used as collateral for a loan of 10,000 baht. What crops can be planted in rubber plantations, including using rubber for the country as much as possibleRead related news in the 2023 election: "Warawut" to go to the last bend to campaign in the city to ask for votes for "Thai Nation Development" in the 2023 election: "Sudarat" gave the final speech at Yasothon province Announcement of debt resolve-capital replenishment-reduction of election expenditure 2023 : Chonburi election field drilled, academics point to fight fury "Big House-New House-New Politics"
Election 2023 : "Sudarat" last speech at Yasothon Debt Resolve-Capital Replenishment-Reduce Expenses|"Sudarat" announces debt resolution, capital replenishment, expense reduction Remove barriers Making a living helps more than 10 million small people. Give away ID cards as financial collateral. Oil and gas price restructuring, electricity tariff restructuring, dismantling slave contracts today (April 29, 2023) Mrs. Sudarat Keyurapan Thai Sang Thai Party Leader and Candidate prime minister Thai Sang Thai Party No. 32 with Mrs. Supaporn Shuksri candidate Congressman No. 1, District 1, Yasothon, Thai Sang Thai Party, gave a speech at Phaya Thaen Park, Muang District, Yasothon Province, Khun Ying Sudarat said that the Northeast region is the most cultivated in the country, but it is not cheap. Capitalists pressed prices until they had no profit left and had to bear the burden of debt from farming. Most of the debt is from informal loans, with a high interest rate of not less than 20% per month, helping small people to settle down, a retail loan that does not require collateral, low interest of not more than 1% per month, a loan amount ranging from 5,000 baht to 50,000 baht to be used for occupation and as financial security for life, or a community enterprise fund for farmers and their children to gather together to operate businesses from local products. Together with the people's brothers and sisters to sue the prosecutor. Government officials and oligarchs who make electricity bills expensive. to the Central Criminal Corruption and Misconduct Court to examine the approval of concession contracts conducive to private individuals. In addition, we will not tax small people with net income not exceeding 300,000 baht/year or income not exceeding 40,000/month, nor will we tax corporate income for SMEs for the last 3 years is to remove obstacles to people's livelihood. Regarding the application for approval/permission of 1,400 letters for 3-5 years to allow Thai people to get up and make a living immediately, such as applying for FDA permits, which the Thai Sang Thai Party has already proposed a law to parliament while continuing to dismantle the bureaucracy and authoritarianism. By creating a system for people to complain. Participate in monitoring the work of government agencies and officialsRead related news "Warawut" wades into the final bend Campaign in the city asks for votes for "Thai National Development" in the 2023 election: The SAT knocked. Thais returning from Sudan Election 14 May 2023: Chonburi election field, academics point to fight fury "Big House-New House-New Politics" 
Election 2023: Sonthirat wrong queue to elect PDP to choose Prayuth as prime minister |The final campaign is still accelerating into the area. Power Pracharath Party "Big Pom" troops to go to Nakhon Si Thammarat "Sonthirat" wrong queue to choose the PDP to choose "Prayuth" as Prime Minister Call for buzz on April 29, 2023 The final atmosphere of the campaign Found 3 political parties that are viewed at the same pole. The troupe hopes to score points at the end of the curve, starting with Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister and Prime Minister candidate of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO) visited the southern provinces of Trang, Phatthalung and Songkhla provinces to campaign for the first final round in Trang. Floats around Kantang Municipality The atmosphere is bustling, with signs welcoming messages of love. Gen. Prayuth and wants to solve the problem of expensive goods. Before the speech The crowd was so crowded that the chairs provided were not enough, Gen. Prayuth insisted. And the welfare card plus policy that it is definitely 1,000 baht per month, the year is 12,000 baht, not belonging to another party. Then Uncle Tu will come to help, which is not trueRead more news Election 2023 : "Prayuth" Tell the people of Trang. Let's raise the province will develop more prosperously than this. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Led the army to invade Nakhon Si Thammarat. Before taking the stage, he affirmed that he wanted the Thai people to love unity for the country to be peaceful and overcome conflicts. Gen. Prawit refused to answer questions and returned immediately, but what created a buzz was Sonthirat Sonthijirawong's speech. At the end, it was stated that the most suitable person to be Prime Minister was Gen. Prawit. Gen Prayuth's election as prime minister was a mistake in his speech amid a startled and outcry among the party's MPs. From the people who came to listen to the speech of the Democratic Party. Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit gave a big speech at New Market Surat Thani province to awaken the power of Surat people Announce this trip seriously Fight not retreat Many areas have better feedback, so ask for an opportunity for Surat people to help each other move forward the strategy. Make Money - Build People Build a Nation Re-elect the candidate of the Provincial Yok Party for the 2nd round by today. Mr. Jurin will continue his campaign in Phang Nga province in the Northeast, Kantharalak District Office, Sisaket Province. Pheu Thai Party held a grand speech led by Mr. Settha Thaweesin There was a crowd of people listening to the speech. Mr. Settha Given that the most important thing right now is drugs. There are some political parties that propose marijuana, pretending that growing marijuana is a good income, but it is not true, so do not choose a political party that supports free marijuana. Head of Seri Ruam Thai Announcing the campaign at the end of the campaign arc, 10 types of "Seri Me for Go" campaign banners that use AI technology to design reflecting the party's position and identity of "Seri Pisut" and launching 9 army battle activities using 9 warlords to campaign on 9 routes across the country before closing the speech at the city square stage on May 11. Identify the ideal person to be prime minister, Gen. Prawit, ask to choose the Pracharath Power Party. Gen. Prayuth elected as prime minister #เลือกตั้ง66 #เลือกอนาคตประเทศไทย #ข่าวไทยพีบีเอส #ข่าวที่คุณวางใจ #ThaiPBSnews pic.twitter.com/rttHLpyzQw Read related news on the 2023 election: Association of Political Science Kaset University launches poll results "Who's Who" - near the end of the curve 
Election 2023 : Association of Political Science Kaset University launches poll results "Who's Who" - near the end of the curve|Association of Political Science Kaset University opens poll results "Phaethongtarn" will be the prime minister, followed by "Pitha", while district MPs will choose the people of "For Thai" the most, followed by "Go Further" and "Power Pracharat", while district MPs will choose "For Thailand – Go Further – Power Pracharat" respectively today (April 29, 2023). Kasetsart University's Political Science Association (PSAKU Poll) and Institute for Political and Policy Analysis (OPPS) revealed The results of the online opinion poll on "Election 2023" No. 1 indicate that this online survey It was conducted to poll voters in the 2023 general election from April 18-28, 2023 by the Polling Center. Kasetsart University Political Science Association (PSAKU Poll) in collaboration with Institute of Political and Policy Analysis (OPPS) and legal advisory firm The online survey consisted of 2,897 voters, mostly men (50.3%), aged 28-42 (Gen Y) (31.0%), Buddhists (76.2%), neutral political ideology (48.8%), single status (54.8%), diploma-bachelor's degree (59.1%), employees of private companies (26.7%), average monthly income of 15,000 baht or less (32.4%), domiciled in Bangkok and vicinity (34.5%), residents of urban areas (59.2%). The following candidates are required to be elected as Prime Minister.1. Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra (Pheu Thai Party) 28.62 percent, Pitha Limcharoenrat (Long Step Party) 21.73 percent, Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan (Power Pracharat Party) 12.74 percent, Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha (Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party) 9.0 percent. : Online survey respondents Intend to vote for candidates in the district system of the following political parties:1. Pheu Thai Party (34.42 percent), Long Step Party (24.03 percent), Power Pracharath Party (13.34 percent), Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (8.2 percent), 7.4 percent of respondents were undecided or undecided whether to vote for candidates in the district system of any political party on the online list. Intend to vote in the list system for the following political parties:1. Pheu Thai Party (33.22 percent), Long Step Party (24.53 percent), Power Pracharath Party (13.64 percent), Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (9.0 percent), 7.7 percent of online respondents are undecided or undecided whether to vote. In the roster system for any political party that responded to the online survey, pay attention to these factors. In deciding to vote in zonal elections: 1. Party Policy The average is 2.50/3.002. The average value was 2.41/3.00, while the factors that online respondents paid the least attention to were 1. Money/benefits for buying votes The average is 1.12/3.002. Personal relationship with the applicant The average is 1.42/3.00, respectively, on the online survey roster. In deciding to vote in the election, the list form is as follows: 1. Party Policy The average is 2.49/3.002. The average is 2.44/3.00, while the factors that online respondents pay the least attention to are: 1. Money/benefits for buying votes The average is 1.20/3.002. Tendency to post-election conflict The average value was 1.69/3.00, respectively, according to the data analysis results. Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra was elected Prime Minister and supported Pheu Thai Party in this election: Women (426/829), aged 43-57 (Gen X) (281/829), Buddhists (721/829), neutral political ideology (397/829), single status (482/829), diploma-bachelor's degree (508/829), occupation as an employee/employee of a private company (294/829), average monthly income of 15,001-30,000 baht (279/829), domiciled in Bangkok and vicinity (251/829), living in rural areas (481/829). Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat was elected Prime Minister and supported the Progressive Party. In this election, women (355/628), aged 18-27 (Gen Z) (312/628), Buddhists (426/628), political ideologies somewhat liberal (364/628), single status (426/628), diploma-bachelor's degree (465/628), still a student/student (265/628), with an average monthly income of 15,000 baht or less (318/628), domiciled in the south (188/628), living in urban areas (348/628). Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Elected Prime Minister and supported the Pracharath Power Party. In this election: Men (270/367), aged 28-42 (Gen Y) (218/367), Buddhists (273/367), neutral political ideology (193/367), single status (273/367), diploma-bachelor's degree (184/367), occupation as an employee/employee of a private company (165/367), average monthly income of 15,001-30,000 baht (187/367), domiciled in Bangkok and vicinity (206/367), living in urban areas (279/367), who are the supporters of General Prayuth Chan-o-cha and the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party? Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha was elected prime minister and supported the ruling Thai National Building Party in this election: Male (140/262), Age 43-57 (Gen X) (155/262), Buddhist (206/262), Neutral political ideology (129/262), Married (151/262), Master's degree (132/262), Retired or unemployed (70/262), with an average monthly income of 30,001-50,000 baht (76/262), domiciled in Bangkok Metropolitan Area (121/262), and living in urban areas (224/262). Gen Z (18-27 years old) is mostly supportive. While Gen Y (28-42 years old) and Jane X (43-57 years old) mostly supported Ms. Paethongtarn Shinawatra and Pheu Thai Party (266/897 and 281/861), most of them supported Baby Boomer (58-76 years old). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha and the Ruam Thai National Building Party (75/334). Gen Z is the most undecided or undecided group to support, at 15.83 percent, while Gen Y, Gen X, and Gen Baby Boomers accounted for only 5.80 percent, 5.34 and 3.59 percent, respectively. It was found that the majority of online respondents with liberal political ideologies supported it. Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat and the Progressive Party (364/1,079), while somewhat conservative, largely supported it. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha and the ruling Thai National Building Party (114/404), the neutral section, largely supported it. It is also worth noting that those with neutral political ideologies are undecided or undecided on who to support, accounting for the largest proportion at 11.32 percent, while liberal and conservative groups accounted for only 4.82 percent and 5.94 percent, respectively. Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra and Pheu Thai Party and Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat and the Progressive Party in equal proportions (348/1,714), but it is clear that rural areas are largely supportive. Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra and Pheu Thai Party (481/1,183)The results of the data analysis clearly indicate that the democratic policies and positions of both political parties and the candidates themselves are factors that online survey respondents have taken for granted. That means in the final stretch of the election campaign, Political parties and candidates need to focus on both factors against the income of online survey respondents, just as there are significant differences. Among online survey respondents living in rural areas who pay more attention to these issues than in urban areas. The party's stance on Article 112 and the likelihood of the party joining the government are also factors that influence the decision of online respondents. The position and attitude of political parties on these 2 issues is therefore something that political parties must be clear. Especially in an atmosphere where the political temperature is getting hotter and hotter, the results of this analysis of data from online opinion polls have not changed. It is reiterated that as of today (3 weeks before the election) The Pheu Thai Party continues to gain the highest popularity and political support, however, it must be admitted that the "Progressive Party" has become increasingly popular and politically supportive, becoming the only major threat to "cut off votes" as well as an obstacle that is likely to cause the Pheu Thai Party's landslide strategy. It is not possible to form a one-party government, as has been attempted in the election campaign. The government that is likely to emerge this time is therefore likely to be a "coalition government". It began to regain popularity and political support once again. Higher The Ruam Thai Nation Building Party has returned to the mainstay of the weak conservatives and is neutral by continuously proposing a policy of "transcending conflict", although the results of this online opinion poll do not indicate that the overall The tendency to post-election conflict is a factor that influences decisions to a large extent, but about a quarter of online respondents admit that it has influenced them a lot. About a third admit it has some influence. Only about 1 in 5 do not think it has any influence at all."The scenario that many voters want it to be" is that Pheu Thai Party joins hands with the Progressive Party and the former opposition coalition. Form a government The probability of being able to gather votes in the House of Representatives is about 60 percent, or about 300 members, however, since that number has not yet reached 376, which is a condition for choosing a candidate for prime minister according to the constitutional law. The Pheu Thai Party must join hands with the Power Pracharath Party and a number of other political parties to get enough votes to form a government and elect a candidate for prime minister. "Prayuth" told the Trang people. I would like to raise the province to develop more prosperously in the 2023 election: "Warawut" to go to the last bend to campaign in the city  Request for votes for "Thai National Development" in the 2023 election: The SAT knocked. Thais returning from Sudan The election is May 14.
Election 2023: Market Break "Uncle Tu" invades Songkhla for "Jue Ratchasih" to work with "Tu Rajsua"|"Uncle Tu" to campaign at "Songkhla" Villagers wait for encouragement along the way. He urged him to choose a candidate and the Ruam Thai Party to build as much nation as possible to continue his work by entrusting "Jue Ratchasih" to work with "Tu Rajsua" today (30 April 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Minister as Chairman of the Guidelines and Strategy Committee of the Ruam Thai National Building Party (RTSO) and Prime Minister's Candidate The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, together with Mr. Peeraphan Saliratwiphak, the leader of the party, along with the party leaders, went to the area to help the candidates of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party campaign in the morning and boarded a float to help campaign for Mr. Jue. Ratchasih, candidate for Songkhla District 1 No. 1, started the procession from the intersection of Nam Phrae and marched along Kanchanavanich Road into Songkhla city along the route where the procession passed with people gathered in groups to wait to meet them. Gen. Prayuth asked to shake hands and give roses to cheer him up. Along the way, Gen. Prayuth pleaded with the people of Songkhla to choose the Ruam Thai Party to build the nation as much as possible, including the party's candidates in each district and the No. 22 party to continue the work of developing the country that was still pending before stopping for a tea stop at a tea shop on Nang Ngam Road, Songkhla's old town tourist district. Some people were panting for Gen. Prayuth and concluded with a campaign speech at the Songkhla Municipality People's Square reading related election news. 2023: "Sonthirat" wrong queue to elect the NHRC to choose "Prayuth" as Prime Minister  
Election 2023 : Chiang Mai people listen to "Pitha" announce amnesty for forest cases - set up special cultural zones|Chiang Mai people listen to "Pitha" speech at the Three Kings Square Declared amnesty for forest cases, set up special cultural zones for ethnic brothers and sisters. Transform Chiang Mai, the city of business practices, into a Pak Tong city today (30 April 2023) Pitha Limcharoenrat Leader of the Step Forward Party and Pannika Vanich, campaign assistant of the Step Forward Party, along with Chiang Mai MP candidates from all 10 districts, attended the grand speech at the Three Kings Square. In Chiang Mai, with many young people coming to listen, Pannika said that this election has only 3 reasons to choose the far-right party. One is to prove that political parties that work serve the people. Not accepting capitalist money, not being afraid of party capitalists, fearing only the people, it is possible in Thai society to prove that the problem of rights and freedoms, the use of laws to silence the people, and the problem of the stomach. Land, welfare, solved together. Don't select Don't wait, three is to choose a far-flung party. To betray those who dissolved the New Future Party. Remove the nib. Weapons sharper than guns. Use the ballot to say that the New Future Party is the people. No matter how many more parties are dissolved, we can't take our party out of the hearts of the people 4 years ago. The New Future Party has 6.3 million votes. In another 2 weeks, let the natural score head work hard. Let's raise it to 10 million votes. The Progressive Party concluded the speech with Pitha. Appeal to the people of Chiang Mai that the party has gone far. "Clear and ready", that is, obviously, the position is "there is no uncle without us, there is no uncle". Don't just remove it. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, but took Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan They also enacted an amnesty for forest cases and established special cultural zones for ethnic brothers and sisters. Change Chiang Mai Prabxian City About how to make business into a belly city. Make a trade fluent, amend liquor laws progressively. Expand opportunities for the people of the North." This May, all citizens are asked to take out their magic pens. Conjure magic for Thailand to be different, to make Chiang Mai not the same, to make politics good, to have a good stomach. There is a future," Pitha said.
"Ink" gives birth to son "Nong Thasin" - "Thaksin" I'm glad I asked permission to go back and raise my grandchildren.|It's born! Posting a photo with his son "Nong Thasin" Tell me after the strength to continue the campaign. Meanwhile, "Thaksin" tweeted the good news today to have a nephew. Request permission to return to raise grandchildren today (May 1, 2023) Miss PAETHONGTARN SHINAWATRA, Prime Minister candidate Pheu Thai Party posted a family photo of herself. "Hello, my name is Pruitthasin Suksawat, nicknamed Thasin, thank you for all your support, I will wait a few days for my mom to be healthy before going to meet the media," while former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra tweeted at 8.14 a.m. stating, "This morning I am very happy to have my 7th grandchild. The name is Thasin from Nong Ink. All 7 grandchildren were born while I was abroad. I'm going to have to ask permission to go back and raise my grandchildren because I'm going to be 74 years old. May I ask your permission, Ms. Yingluck Shinawatra, former Prime Minister? Posting on Facebook after Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidate Paethong Tarn Shinawatra gave birth to a boy's son, Pruitthasin Suksawat said, "I'm very happy! Congratulations to Lan Ing and Po Na Ja for finally seeing the face of Lan "Thasin" after waiting patiently for her to campaign for a long time. I wish my grandchild good physical health and strong mind like my mother, and I believe that my grandfather can't wait to hold him. I'm looking forward to the day I can hold my grandson. : "Ung-ing" hopes "Thaksin" returns to Thailand, happy with the results of the poll of the Prime Minister ranked 2nd
Election 2556 : "Canon-Invite" asks Phang Nga people to help elect "Ramesh" as MP|"Law" encourages "Jurin" Democrat No. 26 to move forward with great political steps and asks Phang Nga people to give "Ramesh" a chance to be the star of the parliament yesterday (April 30) in Phang Nga province in both districts. Phang Nga Congressional Candidate for District 1 No. 1 Mr. Ramesh Rattanachawong applicant Phang Nga Congressman for District 2 No. 5 and Democrat No. 26. The leader of the party is also Mr. Kantam Norm, former leader of the Democratic Party, Mr. Chinwaron Bunyakiat. Mr. Satit Wongnongtoey, Mr. Suchatvee Suwansawat joined the stage to give a speech to Mr. Kanchan, the former leader of the party, stated that the reason he came to give a speech in Phang Nga province was because he had worked with Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit. Head of the Democratic Party for a long time when he gave a speech in Surat Thani province. He also came to help Phang Nga District 2 because of his ties to Mr. Ramesh Rattanachewong, who is a young man and an important force of the party. Knowledgeable and capable if the brothers give Ramesh the opportunity to work on the council. It is believed that he will be the star of the council in the future, he said, with 3 hours to travel from Surat Thani to Phang Nga. He tried to figure out if there was any reason for Phang Nga people not to choose Phang Nga people together, but over the course of 3 hours, he did not find any reason why people would not choose Phang Nga together. Phang Nga will not support this Jurin to take a big step forward in Thai politics. His experience as an 11-time MP is clear in politics, even Mr. Chuan Leungpai, who is known for being cautious in his work. However, he still appointed Mr. Churin as his own ministerial secretary twice, showing Mr. Churin's trust in Mr. Jurin when he was party leader. In 2005, he chose Mr. Jurin to be the deputy leader of the party. At a time when the Democratic Party was the opposition. When there is a debate about not trusting the government, he often assigns Mr. Churin to act as a summary person at the end every important time when he is assigned as an important minister with many achievements, such as when he was the Minister of Education. During the Abhisit government. When Mr. Jurin was the Minister of Public Health, the health station was upgraded to a hospital in all sub-districts. When he became Commerce Minister, he oversaw the farmers' income insurance policy, which made Isaan people very happy that the global economy was troubled by the COVID-19 crisis. Many countries could not export products, but Mr. Jurin created a record number of exports for Thailand. And a few days ago, a survey showed that the farmers' income insurance policy that Mr. Churin has been pushing for the past 4 years is the policy that benefits the people the most. He stated that he had worked with Mr. Ramesh throughout the past period and was considered to be knowledgeable about the law. There is an opportunity to draft all the Democratic proposed legislation, including the Constitution that passed this approval. Ramesh is a knowledgeable person who serves not only as secretary to the president of the parliament but also as the party spokesperson and to clarify. If he becomes a representative to the Congress, he will work immediately, so let the brothers choose Ramesh No. 5 so that the children of Phang Nga people can continue to work for the country while Mr. Chuan Leekpai, the former leader of the Democratic Party, travels to help. Mr. Ramesh, with a strong emphasis on Thai Muang There was a thorough community campaign float ride where the people gave a warm welcome and traveled to Leng Yao Keng Shrine. In order to pay homage to the sacred things of the shrine and spoke in front of the shrine with people gradually coming to listen continuously, Mr. Chuan mentioned the reason why Mr. Ramesh is his secretary, that choosing someone to be his secretary is not easy, must have knowledge, ability, integrity, in addition, Mr. Ramesh is the future of the Democratic Party, plays an important role, is a new generation that can lead the party in the future, asking his brothers and sisters to support him. And I want my brothers and sisters to support the Democratic Party No. 26 to elect the whole party so that the qualified list of MPs candidates can continue to work in the House after Mr. Chuan meets the people. He then went to Phuket to attend another major speech of the Democratic Party. 
Election 2023 : 7 Early Voting Procedure|7 easy steps to exercise your right to vote outside the constituency for the general election of members of the House of Representatives, which will be held on Sunday, May 7, 2023. For Early Voters There are 7 simple steps to exercise your right to vote. The steps are as follows: Check the names and ranks from the roster. Voters outside the constituency declared at the Central Election where the voter has registered to exercise their rights, or check the exercise information via the Smart Vote app, submit their ID card or proof of identity to the Central Election Commissioner for verification and identity verification, and sign the voter list outside the constituency to receive the ballot envelope and 2 ballots, namely the constituency MP ballot and the MP list ballot with signature or fingerprint. Right thumb on both types of ballot stubs signed by the Central Election Commissioner. In the ballot stub with a list of provinces, constituencies and constituency codes of the voter on the ballot envelope (MPs 5/2) to the voting booth. Mark the X in the checkbox on each type of ballot, and only one candidate or political party can be selected. If you do not want to select any candidate or list of any political party, check the X X in the box Do not wish to select any candidate or do not choose. After voting, fold both ballots and place them in a sealed ballot envelope before leaving the polling booth. Directed at the seal joint of the envelope and cover the seal joint. When finished, the Central Election Commissioner shall hand the ballot envelope back to the voter who will bring the ballot envelope. Put it in the ballot box manuallyRelated News:Election 2023 : The SAT knocked. Thais returning from Sudan Election 14 May 2023: Overseas elections, each one is different. Based on the embassy election schedule 2023 : The election results are expected to be released on May 14.
Election 2023: Crowded escort, caravan delivers early ballots|The police have tightened their security measures. Ballot delivery caravans in all 400 districts started today, sending police with 239 vehicles to lead the procession. The 18.49 million households will be notified today (May 1, 2023). Maj. Gen. Roy Ingkapairoj Deputy Commissioner of the Royal Thai Police As director of the Election Security and Order Directorate, he said the Royal Thai Police has been tasked with supporting operations to secure and facilitate traffic by transporting ballots to polling stations in all 400 districts nationwide ahead of the May 7 pre-election nationwide. There are 78 Border Patrol Police Headquarters, 478 Highway Police Headquarters and 239 convoy vehicles to ensure strict security at all ballot trucks. The Border Patrol Police will ride with the transport vehicles along the way to the constituencies of each province. Then, the ballot security unit of Provincial Police Region 1-9 will continue to provide security to the destinations of each province, while the mission of Thailand Post Co., Ltd. is to deliver the voter list notification to all areas, including the readiness to transport the ballots in advance. Number of Cars The timetable, including a ballot logistics monitoring system, now delivers overseas pre-election ballots to 66 countries and 94 destination cities. Notification of eligible voters has been sent to 18.49 million households, read related news "INK" Birth of a son "Nong Thasin" - "Thaksin" Tell me glad to ask permission to go back and raise grandchildren in the 2556 election: "Canon-Chuan" Ask for the voice of the Phang Nga people to help elect "Ramesh" as their MP. 
Election 2023 : "Sonthirat" Confirm the "NHS." There is no policy to dissolve the NTA.|The NHRC has confirmed that it has no policy to dissolve the NTA. Announcement to continue under the Pracharath Fund with an increase of 200,000 baht per fund under a budget of 16,000 million baht. Yesterday (30 Apr 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Head of the Power Pracharath Party (PDP) along with Mr. Sonthirat Sonthijirawong Chief Political Strategist Power Pracharath Party joins meeting with the Housing Fund Committee To listen to operational problems and propose party policies to solve the debt problems of Khon Kaen brothers and sisters. Speaking after the meeting, Gen Prawit confirmed that the Pracharath Power Party There is no policy to dissolve the village fund. There is no reason to collapse and also intend to upgrade the village fund development project to strengthen the foundation economy in accordance with the civil state guidelines. There will be guidelines for funding the Housing and Urban Communities Fund. 79,610 funds under the Public Fund Not exceeding Baht 200,000 per fund under the budget limit of Baht 16,000 million. The drawdown period is 6 months from the allocation under 5 key objectives: 1. Develop and solve problems. Water Management for Consumption and Agriculture 2. To promote and support the processing of agricultural products. 3. To strengthen and promote the development of public shops of the Village Fund. 4. To strengthen, develop and upgrade village fund products. 5. To promote and support the community transportation system of the Village Fund and 6. To promote and support the careers of youth to become community entrepreneurs, Mr. Sonthirat also affirmed that the Power Pracharath Party is ready to continue the Village Fund project to be a reliance for the grassroots people and a foundation to support the foundation economy to be strong and sustainable. 
Election 2023: Settha reiterates on Sakon Nakhon stage "For Thailand" as government will raise wages immediately|"Settha" took the stage to give a speech pleading with Sakon Nakhon people to choose "For Thai" both people and the party. The government will raise the minimum wage as soon as today (May 1, 2023). Pheu Thai Party leaders led by Mr. Settha Thaweesin Prime Candidate Pheu Thai Party, Mr. Panthong Genuine Shinawatra and Mr. Nattawut Saiyakue, Director of Family for Thai, gave a speech at the King Rama V statue courtyard, Muang district, Sakon Nakhon province. Miss Paethongtarn gave birth to a son named Dr. Pruitthasin Suksawat, nicknamed Thasin, who is considered the 7th grandchild of Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, in a speech, said that over the past 8 years, people have been living in an era of reduced income. Increased expenditures, expensive fertilizers and cheap wages increased by 55 baht on average less than 1% per year today (May 1) Labor Day. He reiterated that if the Pheu Thai Party becomes the government, the minimum wage will be immediately raised to 400 baht in 2024 and 600 baht within 4 years, and 25,000 baht for bachelor's salary within 4 years. People shouted "Prime Minister Settha, Prime Minister Settha" and "No Uncle Tu". MPs of the Pheu Thai Party read related news "Ink" Birth of a son "Nong Thasin" - "Thaksin" Tell me glad to ask permission to go back and raise grandchildren in the 2556 election: "Canon-Chuan" Ask Phang Nga people to help elect "Ramesh" as an MP for the 2023 election: "Sonthirat" Confirm the "NHS." There is no policy to dissolve the NTA.
Election 2023: "National Development Courage" Chu 3 solutions to unfair wage rider problem|"National Development Courage" Holds 3 Solutions for Riders It states that fundamental rights and safety should be deserved, while allowing the state to act as an intermediary to create fairness between "platform-riders". Today (May 1, 2023) on the occasion of National Labour Day. Mr. Korn Jatikvanich The leader of the Pattanaklao Party said that the Pattanaklao Party has a "good job" policy to solve the problems of the people. By stimulating the economy from the community level to the national level, the party proposes to increase the jobs of researchers and product developers at the local level. To support the establishment of 1 innovation development center for processing agricultural products in all provinces. In addition, there is a policy to reduce the number of soldiers from conscription and increase the number of regular soldiers voluntarily using welfare as an incentive, as well as opening 25,000 jobs in various government agencies to support post-discharged soldiers for workers working on platforms such as Ryder. The leader of the Pattanaklao Party said the riders worked more than 10 hours, which is even longer than full-time employees. Ryder is a new industry that has nothing to adjust for fairness to providers, because they are economic drivers and therefore should be given fundamental rights. Setting the minimum wage can be done and we have to see where it should start, but there must be a transparent starting point, Mr. Worawut Aunjai, deputy leader of the Pattanaklao Party, added that from listening to the problems of each rider who has to fight for his life and does not receive justice in many matters, including wages, wages, etc. Therefore, there are 3 solutions to the problem: 1. Solving the problem of unfair wages. The government must be an intermediary between the platform and Ryder to be able to work together fairly. 2. Riders should have basic rights, including the platform must provide accident insurance for affiliated riders. 3. The affiliated platform should encourage riders to have the opportunity to grow as entrepreneurs. Suwanpakdi Deputy leader of the Pattanaklao Party said that the Pattanaklao Party is a party of competition and opportunity. Want the small people to stand equal to the big ones and see an opportunity for the welfare state policy of the Pattanaklao Party, so it does not emphasize the minimum wage. Especially if spoken in advance, it will lead to inflation and expensive goods as a result, but what we focus on is the issue of reducing costs. Anyone with less than 40,000 baht is not subject to taxes. Helping small people open their eyes and mouths, this kind of solution will be a sustainable solution to the problem of the stomach.
Election 2023: "Proud Thai" launches 11 policies for "Thai Muslims"|"Manya-Supachai Patimao" campaign for Thai Muslims Launched 11 policies of the Proud Thai Party. The Hajj Fund, the Zakat Fund, is ready to use politics to lead the military. Today (1 May 2023) Proud Thai Party announces policy towards Thai Muslims led by Miss Mananya Thaisate Islamic Affairs Strategic Working Group, Mr. Supachai Jaissamut Registrar of Party Members and Ms. Patimao Paoitaedao, Candidate Congressional Roster System The Proud Thai Party for the Proud Thai Party policy proposed to Thai Muslims consists of1. Amendment of Islamic Religious Organizations Administration Act B.E. 2540 (1997) The issue of the acquisition of Chularachmantri who wants the Imam to participate in the election2. Establishment of the "Hajj Governance Organization" as an independent agency, similar to Tabung Haji, currently costs more than any other country in the world, and must reduce costs in accordance with actual costs.3. Establishment of the "Islamic Family and Heritage Litigation Division" in the Court of First Instance to consider civil cases in which the parties are Muslims.4. Establishment of "Zakat Business Promotion Fund" To be able to manage donations according to religious principles5. Establishment of the Southern Special Economic Zone Turn the sound of explosions into the sounds of machines Turn secret budgets into investment budgets Create jobs, create jobs Make money in the area6. Support peace negotiations using a "political" approach to lead "military" by repealing special laws. The Decree on Public Administration in Emergency Situations, the Amendment of Martial Law, and the Participation of Women at the Peace Negotiating Table7. Compensation from the state should be given to "Tadeeka" or "Farduine", which was originally paid by the Southern Border Provinces Administration Center (BATC) only in the 3 southern border provinces and some districts in Songkhla province. Cooperative borrowing without interest9. Revise education laws to align with religious contexts and identities in the southern border provinces.10. The Women's and Family Affairs Department shall be established in the structure of the Provincial Islamic Committee. All Provinces11. Set up a dedicated Halal Food and Beverage Inspection Lab Do not mix with other foods for purityRead related news Election 2023: Tight escort Caravan to send ballots in advance of the 2013 election : "Canonical-Invite" Ask Phang Nga people to help elect "Ramesh" as an MP in the 2023 election: "National Development Courage" Chu 3 solutions to solve unfair wage problems for riders in the 2023 election: "Settha" reiterated on Sakon Nakhon stage "For Thailand" as the government will raise wages immediately
Election 2023: "For the Nation" Aiming to solve the problem of minimum wage and labor welfare |"Party for the Nation" Aiming to solve the problem of minimum wage for workers and basic rights welfare and the problem of renewal of migrant workers' cards today (May 1, 2023) Ms. Chutima Kumar, spokesperson for the National Democratic Party, said that she has been in politics for a long time and is aware of the policies of political parties that have put forward the minimum wage as the main policy in their election campaigns, saying that if they become a government or if they run the country, they will raise the minimum wage for workers and all costs will increase. Those in power in the country can only say be patient, whatever is expensive, do not eat just yet, the spokesman of the National Party also said that the minimum wage will not be raised and there is also a problem with belongings. But for migrant workers who come to Thailand to work, there is a problem just like Thai workers because this group of workers is being affected in the matter of legal work card renewal that migrant workers now have to return to their homeland to apply for a labor card renewal in order to work in Thailand legally. Although those who manage the country know very well, but because they are not seriously interested in solving problems, they let go of the matter until today, Miss Chutima concluded. The National Party sees the problem, so it tries to find a solution, and after it has landed on the ground, With many problems of renewal of work cards among migrant workers, the Pheu Chat Party wants to be a part of the administration of the country in order to drive policies and solve problems for the workers, both in terms of minimum wage in terms of welfare and basic rights that workers should receive equally, as well as solving the problem of migrant workers who today still have many problems tucked under the rug that have not been solved. Labor brothers are better.  
Election 2023: "Moving Forward" to Counter Fake News, Cut Salary "MCO-Commander" Hijack Pre-Elected Soldiers at Kamphaeng Phet|"Moving forward" counterattack If it were the government, it would cut the salary of the MCO-director. Identified as News, hijack the SAT to check the news, soldiers from Tak province to choose in advance at Kamphaeng Phet province, favor any political party or not. The deputy spokesperson said he was not afraid of being attacked at the last bend today (May 1, 2023). karunpol tiansuwan Deputy Spokesperson of the Step Forward Party announced the movement of the Step Forward Party. In the final two weeks before the election, the first issue, on the occasion of International Workers' Day, May 1, the Progressive Party, which has a Labour wing and has an MP candidate from the selection of Labour networks, has been elected. I affirm that the government has gone a long way and is ready to join hands with all workers to drive policies that come from real workers. Under the government, workers will have a better quality of life through labor policies that recognize that workers are not just workers in factories or companies. But everyone, every profession, is the laborer who built this country. He also spoke about the growing popularity of the party, saying that the party is ready to take the encouragement of the people to work harder. In particular, the "natural vote head" has demonstrated the power of the people who want to change this country, the part where the party was attacked in the last bend. Because the trend is gaining momentum. He said attacks on the party with false statements, including petitions and news making procedures by the same singers who came out to the light from before the dissolution of Parliament until today, have become more and more common, but the far-reaching party insists that we are not shaken because it has proven that the party has gone further. He also spoke about irregularities in the early elections, stating that many people had put their hopes that the election would lead to change in the country. However, the past performance of the SAT has caused public distrust because it found mistakes of the SAT full of such as the case where many Thais do not have access to exercise their right to vote outside the Kingdom. Counting millions of people, the alternation of candidate and political party information sheets creates confusion, such as the case of Suphanat Minchainun, the candidate. Bangkok Congressman, District 9 Number 10 on the applicant's introduction form Instead, he said that he belonged to the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party, the case of defective pre-ballot envelopes and confusing postal code marks, etc., Karunpol said that the party had also been informed of irregularities, such as a soldier in Tak province informing us that recruits were forced to register for the pre-election at Tak province. Instead of the election in Tak province, the party asked the SAT to clarify whether this is true or not and whether it intends to transport people to the polls in advance to benefit any political party. You can also apply to be a volunteer to watch the election with 3 neutral agencies: 1) vote62 and iLaw, 2) The Watcher group, which is a project that D- Vote group collaborates with Digital Television Association (Thailand), Online News Producers Association, Fintech Association, Thai Metaverse Association and partners, and 3) We Watch groupRead related news about the 2023 election: "Sonthirat" Confirm the "NHS." No collapse policy Election Commission 2023: "National Development Courage" Chu 3 solutions to solve unfair wage problems for riders in the 2023 election: "Settha" reiterated on Sakon Nakhon stage "For Thailand" as the government will raise wages immediately
Election 2023: Analysis of 4 urban areas "Stone Call Pee"|To organize a province where political competition is fierce to the point of blood and death. Ratchaburi, a city on the Thai-Myanmar border, must be included in the 2019 election. The most MPs are the Pracharath Power Party. Under the leadership of "Baan Yai" Nitikarna family of 2 celebrities "Kamnantui" Mr. Wiwat Nitikarna Prime Minister with Mrs. Boonying Nitikarnjana, former Ratchaburi MP at "Big Pom" Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan I used to go to lunch with politicians from the province. In mid-January 2023, it was reflected that the importance was extraordinary, with the other two MPs belonging to the Proud Thai Party and one from the Democratic Party. MISS PARINA KRAIKUPTE Power Pracharath Party Big Pom has a case of offensive in the area. But in a new election, the Democrat had to lose both of them to the power of the state and unite Thailand to build the nation, but must definitely exert themselves because the main rival is inevitable. abanilla abarquez Pheu Thai Party, a hundred million young businessmen Owner of coconut water and good quality jelly export. He has sold hundreds of millions of baht and is a lecturer in the Bachelor of Public Administration program. Chom Bueng Rajabhat University with the interpolation is Mr. Priwan Iamkana. Proud Thai Party and Mr. Napadol Areeprasertkul From the far-reaching party in District 2 "Teng Ja", no one surpasses, Mrs. Boonying Nitikarnjana, former MP for this district from 2019 to the back of the house of the Prime Minister, still in the Pracharath Power Party of "Lung Pom" unchanged. The feedback in the area was very good. The opportunity was difficult to miss with the support of Mr. Chaitip Kamolpanthip, a former Democratic Party MP who won the re-election. Miss Parina hopes to open the way for her nephew but has to break through the barrier. Mr. Sihadet Kraikupte Former Prime Minister Bang Tanote District Office Eh-Parina Kraikupt's brother who was disqualified from politics. In the past elections, he could not win because he was a member of the Pracharath Power Party. He did not complete the legal term this time to run on behalf of the Proud Thai Party, which has many leaders in the area, including Mr. Sorort Klinpratum. Former Ministers and Ex-Ministers Several Ratchaburi MPs came to the rescue in District 4 as an eyewash appointment between Dr. Chaworakit and Dr. Chaworakit. Chinthammit, heir from a large family. The owner of Khon Kaen Sugar Factory, a former candidate from the Power Pracharath Party in 2019 but lost to Mr. Akaradej Wongpitakrot from the Democratic Party by nearly 5,000 votes this time, returned to the election field in this district under the Pheu Thai Party and drew "Ung-ing". Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra and party leaders came to help campaign for the Democratic Party's ratings. Send Mr. Thanakorn Rungruethai Former Deputy Mayor of Ban Pong Local politicians are vying for victory in this district as well, while District 5 is a big battle between Mr. Boonlue Prasert Sopha. Former MP for this district in the 2019 election and former 4-time Ratchaburi MP, former Deputy Education Minister In the government, Mr. Samak Sunthornvej was the deputy leader of the Proud Thai Party with an interlude, namely the candidate from the Pheu Thai Party. Ambassadors Mr. Chairoj's daughter Who will stay, who will go, and will the "Big House" prestige still help candidates from major political parties to defend their titles? Must follow, don't miss the analysis: Prajak Mawongsa thanks photo: kengiroza.multiply.com Read related news for the 2023 election: "Settha" reiterated on the stage of Sakon Nakhon "For Thailand" as the government will raise wages immediately after the 2023 election: "Proud Thai" launches 11 policies to campaign for "Thai Muslims", "Go Further" to counter fake news, cut salaries "MCO-Commander" hijacks pre-selected military inspection at Kamphaeng Phet
Election 2023 : The SEC will hold a political party debate from May 3-11.|The SEC allocates time to contest the candidates' national management policies. The event will be broadcast on radio and television from May 3-11 today (May 1, 2023). The Office of the Election Commission (SEC) has allocated airtime for election advertisements and policy contests for constituency-based MPs and political parties that submit candidates. MPs on radio and television stations according to Section 81 of the Act on the Election of MPs. The SAT is responsible for supporting election advertising for candidates and political parties in accordance with the rules and procedures prescribed by the SAT and the Election Commission Regulations on Rules and Procedures for supporting election advertising. (Debate) as follows: Interested parties can follow and watch the national administration policy competition. For more information on the schedule of the allocation of airtime, please visit the website of the Office of the Election Commission www.ect.go.th read related news about the 2023 election: "The Nation" announces to win 10 MPs to join the government in the 2023 election: "Moving forward" counters fake news, cuts salaries "MCO-Commander" hijacks pre-selected military inspection at Kamphaeng Phet 
Election 2023: "The Nation" Announces 10 MPs to Join the Government |"Muhammad Nor Day" Leader of the People's Democratic Party 10 MPs to join the government with dignity, hoping for 2 ministerial chairs Democratic Government  Yesterday (30 Apr 2023) Mr. Wan Muhammad Nor Mata Leader of the People's Democratic Party with Pol. Gen. Thawee Surveillance Party General Secretary Leader of the Democratic Party Meeting religious leaders and Muslims More than 200 people took this opportunity. Mr. Abdulrahman Malo, former candidate for District 7 and Mr. Mangsod Mateh Former congressional candidate for District 8, Songkhla Province, as well as former candidate Satun 2 constituencies Mr. Romsri Kada District 1 and District 2 leader Paisan Leesen have asked for 150,000 votes in Songkhla, 200,000 in the Andaman provinces and 800,000 in the three southern border provinces to get more than 10 MPs in both systems to join the ruling party. May 14 is the day when everyone is united to change the country. Neutral polls say we will have more than 10 MPs, whether the Nation TV poll says we have won 8-10 seats, we still have time, past the 2019 election, we have 6 MPs, we fought in the House of Commons, amending the constitution and many other things, this election, 2 tickets, this election is an election to end the game, to amend the constitution to make it a full democracy for the people to have real power. It's time to change Thailand. I am convinced that our party's policies will not be defeated by any other party. The Research and Welfare Center is a unit of Thammasat University. He said that the policy of the Prachachart Party is the best, and another thing people say that the policy that benefits the new generation the most, taking care of the new generation is the policy of the Prachachart Party. People build the nation of the Democratic Party with universal welfare. Care for children from the womb of the mother to 7 years 4,500 baht per month. Care for children aged 8 to 15 years 3,000 baht per month. Debt Relief Interest-free loan, no penalty, amendment of the law Free quality education up to a bachelor's degree, farmer families must have at least 20 rai of arable land. Rubber farmers earn 30,000 baht per month. Stable rubber prices are 80 baht per kilogram or more. Amend fisheries laws Set up a fund to take care of fishermen in front of the monsoon. Seniors over 60 years old receive 3,000 baht per month, extend the retirement age of civil servants to 62 years, private sector until the age of 67, and death relatives receive funeral expenses of 7,000 baht. All of these are ready to be done as soon as they become a government," the General Secretary of the Prachachart Party said.
Election 2023 : "TDRI" Campaign Policy Analysis Found 4 parties spending more than 1 trillion|"TDRI" Campaign Policy Analysis Found 4 parties spending more than 1 trillion baht The SAT did not check the campaign policy report. After finding incomplete notice, inconsistent with reality. Political parties are asked to respect the "people" by providing complete information. Today (1 May 2023) Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI) analyzes documents at political parties Clarification of campaign policy Before publishing the article "Remarks on the financial cost of policy and the source of money", it was found that the party that spent the most budget was the Proud Thai Party with 1.9 trillion baht. Next up is the Pheu Thai Party with 1.8 trillion baht. 1.3 trillion baht for the Progressive Party and 1 trillion baht for the Power Pracharath Party. Noted campaign policies There are 5 issues in the budget: 1. Some political parties promote campaign policies but do not clarify or appear in the reports presented to them. It is a policy that creates a high fiscal burden and therefore does not provide complete information to the public.2. Many political parties claim that the announced campaign policies will use the current allocated budget. However, it did not specify which part of the budget was cut. People don't see the impact on what they might lose, just as political parties claim to get more sources of tax revenue, but don't specify which taxes.3. All Political Parties Presenting the sources of money in each policy but not showing an overview of the adequacy of the sources of funds, and some parties may have the characteristics of repeating the sources of money, which may cause the misconception that there is enough budget to carry out the campaign policy.4. Partial political parties Propose that the source of money will be used. Outside the budget, such as funds or taxation, to understand that it does not create fiscal burden, even though the use of funds by state enterprises or specialized financial institutions of the state also creates a fiscal burden.5. Most political parties Present only the benefits of the policy, but neglect the notification of impacts and risks. TDRI also found that no political party analyzed the cost-effectiveness of its campaign policy better than the current policy, along with criticizing the policies of the four high-budget political parties as follows: The Proud Thai Party as the party whose campaign policy spends the highest budget of 1.9 trillion baht. Of these, the use of extrabudgetary funds is more than 700 billion baht per year. To implement an emergency loan program, but did not specify collateral and several campaign policies. It did not clarify the details of the report presented to the For example, a 3-year moratorium on farmers' damage insurance. Radiation treatment for cancer, bus fare reduction policy of 10-40 baht and free solar cell policy with monthly installment of electric motorbikes at 100 baht for the Pheu Thai Party. 10,000 baht per person, citing sources of money from tax revenues that will increase. Other taxation, budget management, and redundant welfare budgets, but did not specify whether the budget would be reduced. In addition, it sees the increase in state revenue and taxation from such policies as an assessment of the economy and the result of the policy is too good to be true. Without evidence or reference to the party's expected outcomes, and also lack of risk assessment in case of tax collection not meeting the target, how will it affect as well as 44 of the 70 campaign policies that cost more than the normal budget framework, which contradicts what the party presents? TDRI sees that the party can clearly enumerate the costs and sources of money to conduct its campaign policies under the framework of the 2027 expenditure budget and does not spend money outside the budget, which can reduce fiscal risks, but the policy of reforming central agencies and the army to reduce the budget burden and administer other policies may be strongly opposed. Local taxes, oil funds, and conservation funds. TDRI said the party was providing misleading information because such actions created a fiscal burden in the form of an increased fiscal deficit and public debt. At present, the oil fund is negative more than 85 billion baht. from intervention in oil prices, as well as tax exemption policies for income earners. Not exceeding 500,000 baht per year will affect the fiscal position and should present a source of income as a substitute. If exempt from such taxes, while the Democratic Party He proposed an out-of-budget campaign of more than 460 billion baht, but did not specify where the funds came from and did not specify policy risks, even though the initial fund was higher than the current funds, including the Wayupak Fund, SME Development Fund and Thailand Fund. The Future Fund of the Thai National Building Party is a political party that presents underestimated campaign funds. Most of the campaign policies have increased the limit from the current policy, such as increasing welfare card money. 1,000 baht each requires at least 175 billion baht per year. But the party reported to The SEC said it spent only 71 billion baht. The policy to increase senior citizens' premiums is 77 billion baht per year. Increase state contributions to workers in the social security system by 78 billion baht. However, the party said in the SEC report that it spent only 29 billion baht, and that the policy to reduce farmers' costs could spend 8.3 billion baht. In directing political parties to provide complete information to the public, the SAT should be able to preliminarily verify whether political parties have prepared a complete campaign policy report or not. In addition, TDRI proposes that political parties raise the standard of quality policy clarification documents. To show respect to the people as sovereign owners who should receive accurate and complete information before voting while The ruling party should not overdo stimulus measures, but should collect ammunition to stimulate the economy in case the Thai economy slows down due to uncertainty, the global economy may enter a recession, and should be wary of increasing public debt from the budget deficit to support increased expenditures from the social security fund from the aging society.
Election 2013 : "Democrat" Chu 12 policies to improve labor quality|"Democrat" raises 12 issues to improve the quality of Thai workers and push for universal social security system to improve benefits and welfare for both informal and informal workers today (May 1, 2023) Democratic Party Mrs. Darunwan Charnpipattanachai Deputy Party Spokesperson and Election Administration Center Spokesperson Team Democratic Party Revealed that May 1 of every year is National Labour Day. The Democratic Party has a clear policy to support and upgrade the quality of Thai workforce in line with changing trends and in line with the economic situation. The chairman of the Policy Committee and the Economic Team of the Democratic Party has announced 12 policies to improve the quality of life of workers from financial problems. Under Strategy Build money – build people – build nation 1. Support the work of the Tripartite Committee in considering the minimum wage in accordance with economic conditions. cost of living 2.Develop and train workers at all levels to have knowledge and skills that meet standards in line with technological changes and in line with the needs of the labor market by collaborating with employers and government agencies such as skill development centers nationwide and vocational qualification institutes, etc.3.Implement a policy to extend the retirement age by another 5 years in both the public and private sectors to solve the problem of labor shortage by complying with the voluntary needs of workers.4.Support And encourage self-employed people who do not have a fixed income to enter the social security system under Article 33 so that workers can receive equal rights, welfare, remedies and protection according to the labor law.5.Promote employment of the elderly and people with disabilities by prescribing a variety of forms suitable for their abilities and physical condition by encouraging groups to work in the form of social enterprises as well as providing a fair welfare care system.6.Implement amendments to the social security law to be fair to those who used to be members under Section 33.Promote employment of the elderly and people with disabilities by requiring a variety of forms suitable for their abilities and physical conditions by encouraging groups to join groups to work their specialties as social enterprises as well as providing a fair welfare care system.6.Implement amendments to the social security law to be fair to those who were former members under Section 3.1.6.Implement amendments to the social security law to be fair to those who were former members under Section 33.6.6 of the Social Security Act. 39 and self-employed groups under Article 40 shall receive the same rights, welfare and protection as compulsory insured persons under Section 40. 337.Provide comprehensive savings for old age by updating provident fund laws to promote savings from the beginning of working age.8.Support the policy of "returning workers" for occupation in the domicile by supporting sources of funds to create jobs and create jobs from the village-community bank mechanism.9.Promote the establishment of quality child centers in the workplace. With various measures, such as allowing expenses to be deducted from corporate tax, etc., and promoting more necessary welfare arrangements in the workplace.10. Amend the law to allow employees And government officials can use money in provident fund and government agencies to provide housing or reduce debt.11.Amend the law to allow members of savings cooperatives to use cooperative shares to solve debt problems.12.Provide a universal social security system. To enhance benefits and welfare at work for both informal and informal workers, covering all aspects and having equal standards, such as medical care. Unemployment income insurance in case of disability, etc., as well as encouraging savings for old age. 
Election 2023 : "Seri Pisut" campaign in Samut Prakan province Chu "Seri Me for Go" volunteers to solve all aspects of problems|"Seri Pisut", leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, went to the campaign area in Samut Prakan province, introducing 2 candidates for Samut Prakan MPs, holding the slogan "Seri Me for Going", volunteering to solve all problems today (May 1, 2023). Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes Seri Ruam Thai Party leader to campaign in Samut Prakan province Lt. Col. Thirasin Jitpongsri, candidate for Samut Prakan MP District 1 No. 2, and Mr. Pakadej Wanpong, candidate. Samut Prakan MP District 5 No. 4, the leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party, asked to leave both ballots for the Seri Ruam Thai Party. 25 for the roster and remember the number of the applicant. Seri Party MPs include Thailand in each district. Be careful not to forget to pick a different party. The introduction card that the campaign party in each district asks you to keep. If he were the government, he would have examined the 14 policies of the party. The leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said that today is Labour Day, wishing all workers happiness. The 14 party policies will definitely reduce fatigue and increase happiness for the Labour brothers and sisters, so leave the No. 25 party and the Samut Prakan MP candidate of the party as well. A few days ago. The party launched a new campaign strategy in the final 14 days before the election: "Free to go". They will wade into solving all the problems that have accumulated over time. The work he performed from his service to becoming an MP. People remember and are confident in themselves, so don't forget Seri Mi is there to go with both ballots on May 14. The head of the Seri Ruam Thai Party said the province has a reputation for negative issues such as the presence of influential groups, election fraud or illegal migrants. Today, he volunteered to avoid the stigma of Samut Prakan people from the skill of a few groups. A few families in this area several days ago had already warned them of a new home. The big houses in each area do not use influence to intimidate the people, but there is a news stream that they are still moving. So one last word of caution, don't do it. If you still violate I assure you, of course, that I will wade through some kind of cleaning bill to the end.
Supreme Court sues "Chanchai" in "King Power" lawsuit for damages of 700 million baht |The Supreme Court dismissed Chanchai's "King Power" lawsuit seeking damages for defamation of 720 million baht, citing all 5 cases of non-guilt and prosecution of those involved. The base cost the state tens of billions. Date (1 May 2023) Mr. Chanchai Issarasenarak, former MP for Nakhon Nayok Democratic Party (PDP) and as vice-chairman of the Education Sub-Commission, suggested and mechanisms to combat corruption and misconduct. National Reform Council Revealed that today, The Supreme Court has rendered a judgment in Civil Case No. 545/2560 and Red Case No. 428/2562 and dismissed the case filed by King Power Group as the plaintiff against him for infringement and demanded damages of 720 million baht and asked for an apology to be advertised on the media. The court reasoned that this case was a civil case related to a criminal case. The Supreme Court has ruled that he did not commit the offence under the indictment and was not guilty of defamation in media interviews in five cases: 1) Contract for duty free shops at Suvarnabhumi Airport and Regional Airport between King Power and Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited or AOT worth more than Baht 1,000 million. By avoiding compliance with the Joint Venture Act B.E. 25352) King Power Group AOT has not installed an Instant Merchandising Recognition System (POS), making AOT unable to control duty-free transactions based on facts and accuracy.3) King Power International Co., Ltd.'s remuneration paid to AOT was not in accordance with the contract.4) Selling duty-free goods at Rangnam Soi and picking them up at the airport without paying 15% of the contractual share is monopolistic and uncompetitive.5) In case of inviting representatives from King Power International Group Co., Ltd. to attend a meeting with the Management and Development Committee of Suvarnabhumi Airport to attend an internal meeting to propose ideas for commercial space design. King Power International Co., Ltd. received more information than any other bidder and eventually won the auction, all of which were 2 Supreme Court battles in criminal cases and 1 Supreme Court in civil cases, a total of 10 cases that took 6 years to fight for facts, including 3 courts. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, Prime Minister of Finance Minister of Transport and the Board of Directors AOT to solve the problem that the Supreme Court has ruled on non-compliance with laws and contracts that have caused damage to the state that has lost tens of billions of baht in national revenue that should have gone to the state over the years, but no one or any government agency has managed to solve this problem. But for the benefit of the nation and the public of the nation as a whole.  
The Cabinet sent the 2nd round of documents to the "SEC". Approved a budget of ten billion to help with electricity bills. |Vishnu reveals that the government has submitted a second round of documents asking the SEC to approve the budget to help with electricity bills of 10 billion baht. Officials have been vacant since before the dissolution of Parliament, pointing out that the process does not exceed 1 week. 

Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Bounce the documents of the Cabinet of Ministers requesting approval of the central budget of more than 10 billion baht. To extend assistance to people affected by rising electricity bills Another 4 months or from May to August today (May 1, 2023) Mr. Vishnu Kruangarm Deputy Prime Minister for Legal Affairs Indicates that the document has been sent back to the SEC. The Cabinet has attached a resolution on the reasons and necessity and confirmed that the operation will not be complicated and may take no more than 1 week since the SAT already meets every week. The Cabinet may have to submit additional evidence again, reiterating that if The Cabinet cannot implement the central budget because the Constitution stipulates in Article 169 that the Cabinet must pass first. Not discussed. Because the central budget has a feeling that if the SEC asks to go and allows the Cabinet to attach it first. Mr. Vishnu admitted that there were some government officials in empty gear since before the dissolution of Parliament. The Prime Minister has assigned Instruct government officials not to cause people to suffer or suffer, read related news, the SAT bounced back the government book. of the Company's tens of billions. Reduce electricity bills to help the NHS 
Cabinet meeting silent parade farewell 14 people |Cabinet meeting quietly farewell to 14 people as Prime Minister confirms preparations to agree to reduce the burden on electricity bills for people Today (2 May 2023) Reporters reported that this week's cabinet meeting Use Room 501, Command Building 1, Government House, instead of the Peace Building. Prime Minister and Defence Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha greeted the media. As he walked up to Command Building 1, he said, "Thank you all and have a happy year. The Cabinet today will consider reducing the burden on electricity bills for the people in the atmosphere of the meeting. The Cabinet is quiet. The 13 ministers resigned as follows: Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister, Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Commerce, Ms. Trinuch Thienthong Minister of Education, Mr. Suchart Chomkin Minister of Labour, Mr. Chalermchai Srion. Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives Mr. Warawut Silpa-archa Minister of Nature and Environment, Mr. Chaiwut Thamkananusorn Minister of Digital Economy and Society, Mr. Akhom Termpittayapaisit Minister of Finance, Mr. Anek Lao Thammatat Minister of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation, Mr. Sunthorn Pansangthong Deputy Minister, Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives, Mr. Sinit Lertkrai Deputy Minister of Commerce, Mr. Praphat Pothasuthana Deputy Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives and Mr. Santi Prompat Deputy Minister of Finance and Mr. Athirat Rattanasett Deputy Minister of Transport 
Election 2023 : "Puttipong" "Prakanong-Bangna" campaign Adopt a policy to reduce the burden of NHC expenses.|"Buddhipong" Campaign area in Phrakanong-Bangna Let's vote for "Maneerat" and raise the policy to reduce expenses for the people today (May 2, 2023). Mr. Puttipong Punnakan Bangkok Election Director The Proud Thai Party visited the community area of Wat Wachirathamsathit Worawihan or Wat Thung Sathit in Phra Khanong district to meet the people and ask for votes. Miss Maneerat Limrattanakarn, Member of the House of Representatives Bangkok Phra Khanong-Bangna Proud Thai Party No. 6. Mr. Puttipong has reiterated the policy of reducing expenditure. Increase income for the people of the Proud Thai Party by reducing the burden of monthly expenses on energy. Fuel and electricity bills if given the opportunity to become a government The government will install solar panels for free to the public and give the right to buy electric motorcycles at the installment price of 6,000 baht, 60 installments of 100 baht per month. Energy saving Save energy with additionally Phra Khanong residents are also interested in inquiring about the public health policy of the Proud Thai Party to install free cancer radiation therapy machines for hospitals in all provinces. Because these 2 diseases are the biggest cause of loss of Thai people, including loss of health, loss of life and enormous economic loss each year, and the insurance policy for the elderly of 100,000 baht is entitled to a loan of 20,000 baht immediately, not collecting life insurance premiums.  
Election 2023: "Anutin" satirical "Setha" inexperienced in the political arena|"Anutin" hit back, "Settha" never said to choose Proud Thai, "Prayuth" teaches boxing new face in politics. Create conditions - not shake hands with some parties, make narrow pathways for Thailand, satirize politics and not business On May 1, 2023, Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party Leave a message to Mr. Settha Thaweesin Prime Candidate Pheu Thai Party to the team to post on Facebook "Anutin Charnvirakul"Mr. Anutin Referring to the case of Mr. Settha, in a speech in Nakhon Phanom province, he said that if the Proud Thai Party is elected, it will Gen Prayut as prime minister is considered to be giving false information to the people and breaking the election law, insisting that if he chooses Proud Thai, "Anutin" will be prime minister because the Proud Thai Party only nominated one candidate for prime minister and never said that he could choose Proud Thai. On the issue of free marijuana, Anutin insisted that the Proud Thai Party does not support free marijuana by enacting laws to control the misuse of marijuana but promoting medical, health and economic marijuana use. At the same time, Pheu Thai and other political parties do not support the legalization of cannabis and hemp, thus giving children the opportunity to access cannabis. Because there is no law to control Mr. Anutin. Setha said Setha was a new face in the political arena and had no experience, but he created the conditions. Therefore, the Pheu Thai Party has narrowed its path. May Mr. Setha work constructively in politics. Some businessmen are not successful in politics because they adopt a business mindset, but politics is not a businessRead related news in the 2023 election: "Puttipong" "Prakanong-Bangna" campaign Raising policy to reduce the burden of expenses NCPO Election 2023: "The Nation" announced to win 10 MPs to join the dignified government Election 2023 : The SEC will hold a political party debate from May 3-11.
Election 2023: Analysis of 3 districts, Phetchaburi, the fate of "Angkinand", the big house in the past|Create a small buzz for the election field in Phetchaburi province. When 3 candidates from 3 constituencies from the Democratic Party, Heng won the number 7 in both District 1 and District 3, while District 2 was originally the candidate from the Democratic Party won the lottery number 8, but when the candidate caught the number 7, there was a problem with paperwork, so he had to withdraw his right to waive the number 7. All 3 candidates from the PDP got number 7 in the 1st constituency where Mr. Alongkorn Polbut, the deputy leader of the Democratic Party, announced his candidacy to replace Mr. Atthaporn Polbut. His younger brother, who missed his speech in the last election, will collide with former MP Yuthapol Angkinand, son of Yut Angkinand, a former large family that has dominated both national and local politics. This time, he is still running on behalf of the Thai Patana Party. Last time it also failed, although most political fans are confident that the District 1 MP will belong to one of these 3 people, most importantly, all 3 are relatives because Mrs. Pheum, Mr. Alongkorn's grandmother, is the sister of Mr. Phad Angkinand. Mr. Piya's father and Mr. Yut Angkinand, Mr. Alongkorn is therefore the elder brother of Mr. Yutpol. 6-time former MP and former The Commerce Minister expressed confidence that the Democratic Party will be able to flag MPs in all 3 districts because of the very good response in the 2nd constituency Phetchaburi, another eyewash battle between Kampol Supaphaeng, a former Democrat MP, and Sathit Ouittrakul, a former MP in 2019 from the Power Pracharat Party. Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha is the Prime Minister. In the last 3 sessions, Mr. Kampol lost several periods. This time, he still secretly hopes to make revenge, but another person who cannot be overlooked is Rerk anyway from the Proud Thai Party, while the 3rd constituency is another fierce duel between Mr. Nuchart Utsaha, a former MP in 2019 from the Power Pracharat Party, but this time running on behalf of the Proud Thai Party, defending the chair of another MP for 1 time, the opponent is Mr. Apichart Supapang, a former MP from the Democratic Party, who lost to Mr. Suchart by a margin last time as well. This time, he hopes for revenge. Kaewkosol, former mayor of Ban Lat Madame Kratae's brother-in-law, who signed as a member of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, ran for the Pheu Thai Party. Dr. Chonnan Srikaew and leaders from the Pheu Thai Party have been on the ground to help campaign once, who will win? Who will be "Mr. Piu" or frustration? We'll soon find out. For the election field Muang Petch Analysis : Prajak Mawongsa read related news Election 2023 : "Anutin" satirical "Settha" inexperience in the political arena Election 2023 : "Puttipong" "Prakanong-Bangna" campaign Raising the policy to reduce the burden of expenses of the NHC, the meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers quietly paraded goodbye to 14 people
Election 2023: "For Thailand" to leverage campaign strategy at intersection Pull the vote of the city people.|"For Thailand" leverages strategy to campaign at 4 intersections in Bangkok in hopes of targeting houses in fences and condos Believe it is the key score to win the landslide today (May 2, 2023). Mrs. Puangphech Chundeang Chairman, Bangkok Area Political Coordination Committee The Pheu Thai Party (PTT) said it had proposed the idea of the party's MP candidate who saw that the campaign approach according to the 4 separate categories is suitable for each person's district, such as Mr. Wan Yubumrung, the candidate. MP, Nong Khaem District, Bang Bon Chomthong, Mr. Suthanapoj Kittanapitak applicant MP, Don Muang District, Mr. Kaweewong Yuvijit, candidate Bangkok MP Prakanong Bangna, Miss Penpisut Jintasophon Candidate for MP for Bangkholaem Yannawa, Mr. Pat Pamrommontri Candidate Bangkok MP for Din Daeng District Phaya Thai Mr. Unity Hongsakul applicant Saimai District MP, Miss Kamolpat Pungbangkadi Candidate Bangkok MP for Bang Khun Thian Bang Bon, Mr. Thakorn Laopongchana Candidate for Congressman for Suan Luang District Pravet Mr. Kritchanon Aiyapanya, candidate for Bangkok MP for Bangkae Nong Khaem and Mr. Arum Tum Noi, candidate Bangkok Yai District MP, Phasi Charoen, Thonburi, Taling Chan, Bangkok Noi, etc., Mrs. Puangphech said that the campaign speech at various intersections in Bangkok is a strategy that the party wants to communicate to people living in gated villages and condos in the Bangkok area. He added that while Saturday and Sunday are holidays, they want to rest at home fully. As a result, this group of people may receive less communication about candidates' policies than other groups. It is observed that polls show that the majority of these people are still undecided on which political party candidate to choose. Bangkok is the most watched polling ground in this election. Some areas have candidates. As many as 7-8 MPs, therefore, the strategy of sending Bangkokians to work in the morning will be to communicate the party's policies to reach this group of people effectively. Completeness will be an important score that results in the party. PT certainly won this landslide election. When the public sees it, it is believed that the photo will be taken to be posted on social media or passed on to each other, which is considered to be publicity for the applicant. It is also a reminder to go out and vote in this election that the party's candidates are ready to volunteer to speak for the suffering of the people of Bangkok.  
Election 2023: 7 Prohibitions on Ballots Violation of imprisonment, fine, revocation of rights|The Election Commission (SEC) has released 7 things you should know about ballots, violating which are punishable by imprisonment, fines, and voter revocation. Do not use any card other than the ballot received from the officer. Penalties range from 1-10 years in prison and a fine ranging from 20,000-200,000 baht and a 20-year revocation of the right to vote.2. Do not put a ballot in the ballot box without lawful authority or do anything to contain a ballot based on the truth. Imprisonment of 1-5 years or a fine of 20,000-100,000 baht or both, and the court ordered the withdrawal of the right to vote for 10 years.3. Do not remove ballots from polling stations.4. Do not mark other marks or symbols on the ballot. Imprisonment of 1-5 years or a fine of 20,000-100,000 baht or both, and the court shall order the revocation of the right to vote for 10 years.5. Do not take photos of absentee ballots.6. Prohibition of presenting the voting ballot to others is punishable by imprisonment not exceeding 1 year or a fine not exceeding 20,000 baht or both.7. Do not damage or damage your ballot as a valid one. The penalty is imprisonment for not more than 5 years and a fine not exceeding 100,000 baht, and the court ordered the revocation of the right to vote for 10 yearsRelated News :Election 2023 : 7 procedure Pre-election voting in 2023: Overseas elections, each one is different. Based on the embassy election schedule 2023 : SAT demonstrates how to calculate MPs election list 2023 : 2.3 million early voter registrations - Ram University
Election 2023 : "Dr. Prem" unfolds in District 11, Khon Kaen has a head to collect the ID card - write down the names of the villagers. |"Dr. Prem" demanded. District 11 Khon Kaen has indicated that there are political parties to vote for ID cards and write down villagers' names today (May 2, 2023). Khon Kaen MP candidate Dr. Premsak Piayura, a Khon Kaen MP candidate for the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party (RTSO), said some political parties have ordered voters to collect ID cards of villagers in villages, saying that when election day is approaching on May 14, they must get their ID cards and pay 500 baht. Ban Haet and Rural are considered illegal actions of Dr. Premsak. He revealed that many villagers contacted him because they were worried that their ID cards would be misused. Because in the past, villagers had lessons such as debt followed. Identification cards are used to buy phones even though the cardholder did not buy them, or some people are victims of call center gangs, and there are various cases that follow later. He claimed that there would be a processing fee for both the leaders and the villagers who were registered as Dr. Premsak. He said that both such cases are happening in District 11 and therefore urge them to stop the action because it is pre-vote buying, illegal election and causes people to lose faith in political parties. Khon Kaen MP's eyes on this constituency in particularRead related news Election 2023: "Anutin" satirical "Settha" inexperience in the political arena of the 2023 election: Analysis of 3 districts Phetchaburi to determine the fate of "Angkinand" Ban Yai in the past election 2023 : "Puttipong" "Prakanong-Bangna" campaign Adopt a policy to reduce the burden of expenses
Election 2023: "Noppadol" defends "Setha" speech not wrong km - only political analysis.|"Noppadol" defends "Setha" campaign speech without illegal message The point is political analysis, if not selected "For Thai", the multi-party vote wins. "Uncle" is not. Today (2 May 2023) Mr. Nopadol Padma, Vice Chairman of the Strategy Committee The Pheu Thai Party said that Proud Thai Party leader Anutin Charnvirakul responded to Settha Thaweesin. Pheu Thai Party prime minister candidate Anutin said it was Anutin's right to respond but he had listened to Settha's speech and there were no illegal statements. It is a political analysis on the speech stage that if the 2 Pheu Thai parties are not elected and the votes are divided among several parties, they will not be able to defeat Lung and change the government. He went on to say that the Pheu Thai Party believes in Settha because he entered politics for a few weeks, but his popularity has skyrocketed, more than many politicians who have been in politics for many years, who have declared that they do not take marijuana for free but only marijuana for medical purposes. It is the Pheu Thai Party's position that recognizes the dangers of drugs and the anti-drug policy within 1 year and does not take marijuana in private places because the Pheu Thai Party clearly does not take marijuana for recreational use. As for the other party's policy, however it is right, in addition to allegations that the Pheu Thai Party voted against the marijuana bill. Is hemp really lacking tools to control marijuana because it is still possible to use cannabis in homes and private spaces? The issue of recreational marijuana remains, yes or no, the Pheu Thai Party continues to tell the people to choose for Thailand to slide. Choose for Thailand to change the government. For Thailand is the answer and will campaign intensively until the last day as required by law. Read related news in 2023 election: "Anutin" satirical "Setha" inexperienced in the political arena   
Election 2023 : The SAT revealed that no one has yet cried for Thailand to campaign for pride.|"Pakorn " SAT identifies case for Thai campaign alluding to Proud Thai Does someone have to file a slander campaign? There are still many issues to buy votes for the exam today (May 2, 2023) at the Office of the Election Commission (SEC). Election Commissioner Pakorn Mahannop said if the Pheu Thai Party campaigned in Nakhon Phanom province with a speech alluding to the Proud Thai Party, it could be considered a slander or it could be an incentive for people not to choose any political party with false statements. There are now a lot of campaign petitions that need to be reviewed, such as the unfolding clip of the vote purchase. Pakorn did not respond to questions about candidates burning their campaign banners earlier. On May 1, 2023, Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party Leave a message to Mr. Settha Thaweesin Prime Candidate Pheu Thai Party to the team to post on Facebook "Anutin Charnvirakul"Mr. Anutin Referring to the case of Mr. Settha, in a speech in Nakhon Phanom province, he said that if the Proud Thai Party is elected, it will Gen Prayut as prime minister is considered to be giving false information to the people and breaking the election law, insisting that if he chooses Proud Thai, "Anutin" will be prime minister because the Proud Thai Party has only one candidate for prime minister and has never said that he can choose Proud Thai. Miss PAETONGTARN SHINAWATRA
Election 2023: Analysis of "Tiyapairat" diversification of risks from 2 parties|No matter what, the famous family. Mr. Yongyut Tiyapairath's "Tiyapairat" is always active and eye-catching, despite many political incidents with Mr. Yongyut and his family since Mr. Yongyut received a red card. After the 2007 election, both MPs and the Speaker of the House of Representatives were disqualified from politics for 5 years due to the dissolution of the People's Power Party, not counting the case of receiving the nickname "Battle of the Refrigerator" received from the media in 2004 after the police commando. Led forces to besiege the house of 2 elderly husband and wife of the "Satakurama" family in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province. According to Mr. Yongyuth, who was then the Prime Minister's Secretary-General, that the house was a source of methamphetamine production and trafficking before the shooting broke out, the house was heavily damaged, including the refrigerator located inside the house. There were over 50 bullet holes. After the September 19, 2006 coup, he was ordered by the coup to report to him, along with Mr. Nevin Chidchob. As a close and direct person who is far away while his wife Salakjarit Tiyapairath was disqualified from politics by the Supreme Court for 10 years after being accused of distributing children's equipment. While campaigning for the election, the president she won, but went on before the next. In the 2019 election, the son Mr. Mitti Tiyapairath, president of Singha Chiangrai United Football Club, entered the national political arena as secretary-general of the Thai Raksa National Party, and was disqualified from politics for 10 years after the Constitutional Court ordered the dissolution of the party just days before the election. Mr Yongyut's daughter, Ms Pavisarat Tiyapairath, is also the leader of the For the Nation Party, the party he helped campaign for in the 2019 elections. The districts of Chiang Rai province will be even more intense in this election. If the province hopes to slide, it will face a big battle in at least 3 constituencies. He won the MP seat in the 2019 election. Move to Proud Thai Party In the other constituency, it was a former Pheu Thai Party MP who moved to the Proud Thai Party. Mr. Rangsan Wanchaitthanawong, heir from "Ban Yai", another house of Chiang Rai province, undeniably challenged the potential and capabilities of the Pheu Thai Party, and Mr. Yongyut undeniably analyzed: Prajak MawongsaRead related news in the 2023 election: "Anutin" satirized "Settha" inexperienced in the political arena for the 2023 election: "For Thai" to leverage campaign strategies at crossroads Pull the votes of the people of the city in the 2023 election: Analysis of 3 districts, Phetchaburi, the fate of "Angkinand", the big house in the past 
"Watanya" holds Open Government for NCPO to audit public sector|"Watanya" Chu Open Government for people to access - monitor the public sector Network auctions must focus on the interests of the people rather than money. Create Digital Democratization against the Media Ethics Act, reiterating that the state must let the media take care of each other today (May 2, 2023). Ms. Watanya Bunnag, Chairman of the Political Innovation Working Group, Bangkok Democratic Party, joined the forum. On the occasion of Press Freedom Day, "Right to Press Freedom from the Perspective of Thai Political Parties" said that the state must respect people's freedom of expression under the law and the Constitution. The state must create an atmosphere that is conducive to the media monitoring, supervising and supervising each other strongly, but it must not infringe on the rights and freedoms of others. And the state itself must be Open Government, thus strengthening the public sector to access and monitor the public sector. Miss WATANYA Expressed the position that it is not possible to use the Computer Crime Act as an excuse for suing for defamation. Silence the media and citizen media and oppose the Act on the Protection of Rights, Freedoms, Promotion of Media Ethics and Professional Standards, but must leave it to the media to regulate among themselves, Ms. Watanya said. We need to figure out how to make the media work according to the ideology that they hold dear to the issue of digital TV auctions. Ms Watanya said that after this, as the media landscape changes, we may need to rethink our view of concessions. Cancel the concession auction by competing for money, but compete over who will be able to promote basic rights and which will benefit the people the most, just like India's digital democratization. But before changing the way of thinking, people must be changed and recruitment must be changed. From recruiting people with rank and positions to do the job, but bringing in people with real media talent.
Election 2023: "Naimon" Wang "PDP" Won 12 Bangkok MPs for the year 62 |"Narumon" to campaign for Bang Sue district confident that the NHC chooses local people to know the problem to work as a believer Thai people He also decided to elect representatives based on party policies, not conservatives or liberals, today (May 2, 2023). Power Pracharath Party (PDP) Led by Narumon Pinyosinwat went to Bang Sue area to help Pol. Gen. Wattanarak Amnaksaradej. applicant MP for Bang Sue - Dusit District, Bangkok No. 12, Power Pracharath Party, walked the campaign by meeting people in Wat Choeng Wai community to visit the villagers' way of life, as well as talking to vendors, vendors and people who came to shop at Tao Poon Market, which is the oldest and largest market in Bang Sue district. He told the people in the area that people were asking about the cost of living problem. Pol. Gen. Wattanarak continues his campaign to build understanding with villagers about the party's policies. Today, we met with many elderly people who are resting at home, most of whom are satisfied with the party's policy on the welfare of the elderly, which will continue to be done as soon as it becomes the country's executive government. It's not just a month as people in the area are worried. He added that the executives and candidates of the Power Pracharath Party will do their best for the country and the people and respect the decisions of the people, but they hope to receive mercy to give the opportunity to elect representatives from the Power Pracharath Party at least 12 MPs in Bangkok, which is the same number as the election in 2019. But today I believe in the policies of the Pracharath Party as well as the party's approach. The Power Pracharath Party is ready to serve the people in every district and area with every potential candidate and the party leadership is ready to push it into reality and ready to do it immediately. The term conservative or liberal democracy should be applied to people over the age of 55 who still believe that people are framed and judged as such. Solve problems of instability or political instability. He's going to give the party a chance. Therefore, the Pracharath Party will move forward in this way. Pol. Gen. Wattanarak said he was confident in the area that he had been in Bang Sue for more than 13 years and had been in contact with the villagers. We have been active and have been through various problems together, which he was born and raised in the area. Therefore, the bond from the villagers is already very large and he believes that all policies of the Pracharath Party can be practical and can be done immediately, especially regarding the policy on energy prices, because it is considered important for the people because if the price of energy decreases, it will reduce the burden on the people and businesses can grow as well.
Election 2023 : NHRC warns of perfect economic storm, advises fighters to prepare for|The NHRC warned of signs of a perfect economic storm and proposed that the next government prepare an urgent response plan to mitigate the impact on Thailand's economic recovery and expansion. Pointing to the need to accelerate competitiveness and address vulnerabilities within the country, propose to do it immediately 3 missions 7 drive today (May 2, 2023). Ms. Nain, Chairman of the Policy Committee Pracharath Party with Mr. Teerachai Bhuwanathnaranubal, Advisor to the Party's Policy Committee, gave a press conference on the topic "Dealing with the Risk of a Perfect Economic Storm: An Urgent Challenge for the Next Government", as economic institutions around the world predict that the global economy will slow down this year and there is a chance of entering a recession due to risks and challenges that continue to arise and may become more severe into a Perfect Economic Storm. In order to drive the economy to revive and stimulate the economy to grow to its full potential along with transforming Thailand to be competitive on the world stage, Mr. Teerachai projected a picture that shows the problems of the global economy, saying that originally the global economy was driven by "3 low prices", namely 1) "low interest", 2) "low prices of goods from China" and 3) "low energy prices", but now these factors have changed to "3 expensive" and are at high risk that it will lead to a perfect economic storm in Western countries and eventually affect Thailand. As a result, hidden problems in the US and European banking systems are beginning to appear and are likely to continue to escalate, so all agencies in Thailand should be mindful and prepared for this storm. Mr. Teerachai also suggested that preparations be made. The Finance Minister should have a meeting with the Bank of Thailand. The Federation of Thai Industries and Chambers of Commerce regularly monitor the global situation and capital inflows and outflows. Mr. Uttam said that the Power Pracharath Party has prepared a plan to lead Thailand through the economic storm perfectly. Under the 3-mission strategy, 7 are driven by 3 main missions. It consists of: 1. Stimulate the economy to recover immediately, 2. Accelerate economic expansion with full potential, 3. Accelerate the foundation of development. Transform the country to grow sustainably, comprehensively, with strong immunity in the 7 driving parts, which consist of: 1. Create the welfare of the people. Develop Thai people to keep pace with the world By expanding the Pracharath project through the skill replenishment project driven by the Pracharath Development Center network, along with a capital top-up of 30,000 baht per 1 Pracharath cardholder, as well as increasing welfare care for Thai people of all ages, aiming to reduce inequality. Helping vulnerable groups while developing skills to create opportunities 2. Accelerate the solution to the problem of the cost of living and the skyrocketing cost of entrepreneurship. By immediately reforming the country's energy structure. Return price justice to the people. Comprehensive debt relief, debt restructuring and replenishment of new capital by public financial institutions leading the provision of new capital for SMEs, such as low-interest loans with special guarantees, as well as the use of a public fund mechanism to joint ventures with startups.3. Build a foundation economy Strong communities, enhancing prosperity of agriculture, linking tourism and community production by providing 30,000 baht per household to help with expenses, production funds, and provision of agricultural technology for tourism. There are measures to provide relief loans for entrepreneurs to repair and build a comprehensive business premises. This includes topping up the village fund of 200,000 baht to invest in infrastructure development in the area, creating jobs and enhancing income for people in the community.4. Spread prosperity and prosperity to Isaan brothers and sisters Building 6 Southern Special Economic Zones in 5 southern border provinces Accelerating the completion of the "Thailand-China Railway" Complementing the 5G digital network to reach every village Expand PromptPay Appaotang to drive the country towards a fully digital economy5.Accelerate investment in targeted industries In addition, the National Champion must create an ecosystem to support investment in technology, innovation, and skill development of Thai people, such as the establishment of the National Sandbox Committee project. Modify the budget system, such as restructuring and expanding the existing tax base. Reconsideration of taxes, such as the carbon/pollution tax, has effectively adjusted the way online transactions are taxed from abroad. FOCUS ON THE USE OF BIG DATA ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGY, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION OF BLOCKCHAIN AND AI TECHNOLOGY. Prevent and manage external economic storms by establishing a mechanism for cooperation and regular exchange of official information. between major economic agencies, both public and private, such as the Ministry of Finance, the Bank of Thailand. The Stock Exchange of Thailand The mechanism set up will enable them to monitor the situation and take immediate action to solve problems in the country's economic uncertainty. This will make the work efficient and timely. Mr. Uttam concluded that although there are currently signs of recovery in the Thai economy, such as the increasing number of tourists, one should not rely on tourism and exports, which have already shown signs of slowing down. Especially in a situation where external risk factors are likely to intensify, the next government must be located in a careless manner. There is no time for trial and error, and we must prepare a plan to deal with various challenges to reassure the public that they can take care if external impacts become more severe as well as push the Thai economy not to recession, but to recover quickly and expand continuously. It can turn the crisis into an opportunity for a better future for every Thai person.  
Boxing Instructor "Political Beginner" from "Me to Pee Nid" |Punch garden does not stop when "Sia Nu" Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party Facebook post to "Sienid" Mr. Settha Thaweesin Advisor to the head of the family for Thailand, who gave a campaign speech in Nakhon Phanom province on May 1, 2023, there was a time when "Sienid" alluded to "Sia Nu", stating that throughout the 8 years of the government, Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha It cannot be left alone by relying on the ruling coalition party and the ruling coalition party like the Proud Thai Party. I don't see the heads of the people. "When I came to the election today, I told my brothers and sisters that the district MPs to choose Proud Thai, the party MPs to choose for Thailand, brothers and sisters must not believe because otherwise Gen Prayuth will definitely come back again because he has 250 senators in his hands." A few days. The Pheu Thai Party is getting narrower every day. Create a condition Don't shake hands with that party. This party underestimates ordinary politicians, has no knowledge, no experience, even though they are the newest face in the political arena and have not enough experience in politics. "Sia Nu" Anutin also chopped his elbow into Mr. Settha's face until it broke. As a senior in politics, I would say that some businessmen do not succeed in politics because they use business thinking to work in politics. All speech arenas From the perspective of his actions, there's nothing more than suspicion, fear of defeat. It must be admitted that the current of Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat of the party has gone far. Trending breathing down the neck of the Thai Party every moment because of "Ung Ink". Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra is on maternity leave, causing her popularity to drop from the polls to a kind called "heartbreaking". Ms. Paethongtarn will return to the area for another big speech despite the unformed battle flag hoisting of "Sienid". The reason is because of false information only villagers who come to listen to the speech. But it also inevitably has political consequences. The reason is if the Pheu Thai Party wins a majority to form the government. Miss Paethongtarn, president of Family for Thai, declared her position clearly, "No 2 uncles". Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan "Uncle Pom" and Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha "Uncle Tu" then in reality. The party with the second vote from For Thailand is inevitable: Go Further, Proud Thai, Unite Thailand to Build the Nation, Democratic Party, Power Pracharat, Prachachart and Thailand Build Thailand if declared "no". The Proud Thai Party has made the choice of For Thai less because the Thai Build Thai Party of Lady Sudarat Keyurapan does not want to join or join the Progressive Party. There are still issues that can cause the score to plummet, so teaching boxing to "new politicians" like "Sienid" Mr. Settha, so as not to slip away from the curve of "Sia Nu", Mr. Anutin should be able to predict the future of what will happen to speak in advance without contemplationRead related news Election 2023: "Anutin" satirical "Setha" inexperienced in the political arena of the 2023 election: "Noppadol" defends "Settha" to make a speech not wrong km - only political analysis.
Election 2023: Czech Republic! Special elections in 23 provinces for the disabled and elderly|The SAT has set up 28 special polling places in 23 provinces to facilitate people with disabilities or the elderly to vote today (May 2, 2023). The Office of the Election Commission has prepared to hold the 2023 general election of members of the House of Representatives. Under Section 92 of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives B.E. 2561 (2018), the Election Commission has been empowered to facilitate the arrangement of voting places of such persons in special cases. According to the announcement of the Ministry of Social Development and Human Security, according to the survey, there are 28 places ready to hold special polls for people with disabilities or disabilities or the elderly to facilitate voting, as follows:1. Bangkok: Social Welfare Development Center for the Elderly, Ban Bang Khae and Ban Bang Khae Nursing Home 22. Kanchanaburi Province: Chalerm Rajakumari Nursing Home 3. Chanthaburi Province: Chanthaburi Nursing Home 4. Chachoengsao Province: Bangpakong Disability Protection and Development Center5. Chonburi Province: Social Welfare Development Center for the Elderly, Ban Bang Lamung Redemptorist Foundation for the Development of People with Disabilities Bang Lamung District and Karunyawet Disability Protection and Development Center6. Chiang Mai Province: Golden Age Nursing Home, Mae Taeng District7. Trang Province Sri Trang Nursing Home 8. Nakhon Pathom province includes Nakhon Pathom Nursing Home and Chalerm Rajakumari Nursing Home9. Nakhon Phanom Province: Social Welfare Development Center for the Elderly, Tha Uthen10 District, Nakhon Sawan Province: Ban Khao Bo Kaeo Nursing Home11. Nonthaburi Province: Nonthaphum Disability Protection and Development Center12. These include the Thanyaburi Homeless Protection Center and the Pathumthani Elderly Social Welfare Development Center13. Ayutthaya Province: Vasanawet Elderly Social Welfare Development Center14. Phetchaburi Province: Kum Sakae Homeless Protection Center, Phetchaburi Province15. Phuket Province: Phuket Center for Social Welfare Development for the Elderly16. Mahasarakham Province: Mahasarakham Nursing Home17. Yala Province: Social Welfare Development Center for the Elderly, Ban Thaksin18. Lopburi Province: Lopburi Nursing Home19. Lampang Province: Lampang Elderly Social Welfare Development Center20. Sisaket province includes a large shelter for the homeless 21. Songkhla Province: Social Welfare Development Center for the Elderly, Songkhla Province22. Samut Prakan Province: Phrapradaeng Disability Protection and Development Center23. Ubon Ratchathani province includes the Ubon Huk Phaeng Disability Protection and Development Center for voters who are disabled or infirm or elderly who wish to exercise their right to vote can go to vote at the polling station where they are listed. The Election Commission has provided voting facilities for persons with disabilities or disabilities or the elderly by providing voting assistance. Under the supervision of the Standing Committee of the Election Unit, in providing such assistance, the person shall vote in person according to the person's intention, except that the physical appearance makes the disabled or infirm or the elderly unable to mark the ballot in this regard, the other person or the Standing Committee of the Election Unit shall act on his behalf. With the consent and intent of the disabled or infirm or the elderly, it shall be considered as a direct and confidential vote. : Election 2023: 7 prohibitions on ballots Violation of imprisonment-fine-revocation of voting rights 2023 : 7 Early Voting Procedure
Election 2023: "Prayuth" to land in Chonburi province to help "RTSO" candidate campaign |"Gen. Prayuth" visits Nong Mon market in Chonburi province to help new home candidate "RTSO" campaign Prepare for the keynote speech Today Today (2 May 2023) Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, the prime minister candidate of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, visited Nong Mon Market in Chonburi province to help the Ruam Thai Party's candidate build the nation. The campaign was attended by Mr. Peerapan Salirathvipak, the leader of the party, as well as the leader of the party. suchart chomkin Mr. Tanakorn Wongboonkong won. Mr. Seksakol Atthawong joined Gen. Prayuth's delegation to the area. Meet the people and vendors at Nong Mon Market Chonburi residents who came to wait for a warm welcome with flowers and asked to take pictures of the couple, and it was noted that most people would call "Pee Tu" instead of "Uncle Tu" after Gen. Prayuth. Gen Prayuth reiterated to the people that he would make them happy and improve their well-being after being asked what he would do for the people if elected. All in all. Gen. Prayuth will give a big speech at Chonburi City Hall. This evening for the Chonburi election field, it is a battle between Ban Yai and Ban Mai and the Progressive Party, and it is a political war of dignity, especially in District 1 where Mr. Suchart Chomklin. Former owner of the area I once challenged Twilight Khun Pluem to compete, but in the end for Thailand to send Miss Supeephan Homwal or "Sor Ae" The daughter of "S.T. Yao" Mr. Pasakorn Homwal, the right-hand man of "Kamnan Pao", competed with Mr. Suchart to send his wife, Ms. Napasanan Arintakunwong." The former deputy mayor of Samet subdistrict ran in the race, which Mr. Suchart Koh the area kind of not let go of the area continuously and Gen. Prayuth's trip today to help trigger additional ratings.
Election 2023: "Chanchai" Hey! Court reinstates candidate for Congressman District 2 Nakhon Nayok|"Chanchai" reveals Supreme Court decision to reinstate candidate Congressman for District 2 The SEC disqualified AIS shareholders today (May 2, 2023) Mr. Chanchai Issarasenarak, former MP for Nakhon Nayok Democratic Party (PDP) The Supreme Court read the verdict on the reinstatement of his candidacy as a candidate for Nakhon Nayok MP in District 2 after being disqualified from running for the election of an MP by the Commissioner of Police in District 2 on the grounds that it violated Section 42 (3) of the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of MPs B.E. 2561 (2018) and the 2017 Constitution because he was prohibited under two laws because he held shares in Advanced Infoservice Public Company Limited or AIS, which the said company jointly invested with 2 companies, namely Teleinfo Media Public Company Limited and Yellow Public Company Limited. PageJess Mr. Charnchai said the Supreme Court is scheduled to read the verdict this afternoon. The judge reinstated him as a candidate. The court detailed in its ruling that the fact appears that he has only 200 shares in AIS out of a total of 2,873,425,791 paid-up shares and the total share capitalization of AIS at the end of 2022 is 579,971,000,000 baht. With a market value of only 39,000 baht on the same day, it is a very small proportion. AIS does not have the power to disseminate useful information to itself and the political party to which it belongs, or to harm candidates and other political parties for the benefit of their elections or their political parties. Therefore, the interpretation of the provisions of the written law provides that he is prohibited from exercising his right to be a candidate for election. Because AIS is a shareholder of only 200 shares, it is not in accordance with the spirit of the Constitution that The Commissioner of District 2 Nakhon Nayok did not declare himself as a candidate for the election of the MP for Constituency 2, Nakhon Nayok Province, thus violating Article 98(3) of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Thailand and the Constitutional Assembly Act on Elections. Section 42(3) of the 2018 Act, the Court therefore ordered that Sgt. Nakhon Nayok Add their names and announce their names as candidates. Democratic Party's District 2 MP reads related news for the 2023 election: NHRC warns of perfect economic storm Preparing for the 2023 elections: Czech! Points in 23 provinces for special elections for disabled and elderly people in 2023 election: "Noppadol" defends "Settha" km - only political analysis.
Jang Yip Yan procures 49 million "jet targets" transparent and verifiable|Navy Spokesman Clarification of allegations regarding the procurement of 49 million baht automatic jet targets Affirmative, transparent, cost-effective Verifiable In case the media presents news on the procurement of automatic jet targets. Project Amount 49.8 Million Baht He stated that the project has been protracted until now. However, the contract has been revised several times and has already paid the selling company 47.3 million baht or 96% of the total price, and there is doubt that the reduction in not buying the discharge rail may be intended to keep the limit within the authority of the approver (Naval Ordnance Department) of not more than 50 million baht and favor the bidding company which does not directly represent the foreign manufacturer. Vice Admiral Rumrong Monthatphin, spokesman for the Royal Thai Navy Clarifying the case, the Royal Thai Navy by the Naval Ordnance Department purchased medium-range jet targets in accordance with Contract No. 46/N.P.2563. worth 49.8 million baht. As the budget for such operations is procured within a limited limit, it is necessary to upgrade the existing release rail to be able to use with the new target purchased this time. The claim that the Naval Ordnance Department reduced the credit limit so that the purchasing authority rests with the Naval Ordnance Department is not true because this procurement is by the selection method, which is in compliance with the order of the Minister (Special) No. 265/65 dated 5 July 2022. Regarding procurement and procurement management of the Ministry of Defence, it has the power to order and order employment once for government agencies under the Ministry of Defence. The Naval Ordnance Department has a power not exceeding 20 million baht. Therefore, the procurement of such targets is under the authority of the Commander-in-Chief of the Navy, not the Chief of Naval Ordnance in any way in the case of the bidding company. is not a legitimate representative company from a foreign company. The Naval Ordnance Department has considered the qualifications of the applicant in accordance with the decision of the Procurement Problem Diagnosis Committee (Wor 521) which stipulates the qualifications of the applicant that in case of being a dealer, a letter of appointment must be submitted. who must be appointed as a distributor from the manufacturer or distributor in Thailand. In this contract, the Procurement Committee of the Naval Ordnance Department has reviewed all documents and evidence. This is in full compliance with W. 521. The reason for this purchase was several rounds of contract amendments. He pointed out that the contract was signed on March 10, 2020, which is during the COVID-19 period, as well as according to the Budget Procedure Act B.E. 2562 (2019), which stipulates that the specified budget can be used within 1 year (September 30, 2020) and the 2019 budget can be set aside for another 6 months and extended for another 6 months. Therefore, the Company has requested to adjust from studying at the country of production to online learning from the manufacturing company and the second time on 30 December 2020 to revise the delivery date and work period due to the COVID-19 situation in order to manage the budget efficiently. This time, FAT (Factory Acceptance Test) and Transfer installments were paid, although no unit had ever done it before, as well as why the Naval Ordnance Department asked the Assistant Naval Envoy in Canberra to do the FAT on behalf of a committee from the Naval Ordnance Department and the training was not provided by the manufacturer because the FAT was during COVID-19 and the Naval Ordnance Department arranged relevant officers to attend training with manufacturers online. On April 19-30, Australia's Air Affairs, a manufacturing company, was acquired from British company Qinetic. At the end of 2022, Qinetic is now working on a letter to appoint CCG as its representative in Thailand and will be able to send engineers to set up work by June 2023, which is past the delivery period stipulated in the contract. CCG agrees to pay such fines if the fine exceeds 10% and the delivery is not completed. The Naval Ordnance Department will consider terminating the contract with a refund so that the Navy and the Naval Ordnance Department do not suffer further damage, a Navy spokesman said. Confirm that the procurement of military equipment has a policy of procurement with transparency. Clearly documented proof of operation The Navy is committed to developing a modern, strong military capable of carrying out its mission of protecting maritime sovereignty and national interests in order to ensure the security of its people and the nation. By taking into account the use of budget for maximum value, transparency and accountability.
Election 2023 : The SEC has an unofficial election report.|The SAT confirmed the unofficial election results. The score is summarized periodically. Post at polling stations, including websites, offices. Provincial Commission today (May 3, 2023) Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Clarification on the case of unofficial reporting of election results According to a message published on Twitter, "The SAT Confirm that the number of bad ballots will not be displayed and do not wish to vote in the dashboard to report the unofficial election results." The Office of the SEC would like to clarify that the unofficial reporting of the election results for members of the House of Representatives in each period will be used to prepare a summary of the results or dashboard to be beautiful and easy to understand by disseminating them to the public, candidates, political parties and the media. Read related news about the 2023 election: "Prayuth" visits Chonburi province to help "RTSO" candidates campaign 
Election 2023: "Anutin" points to "Chuvit" invading the speech stage just as a political drama|"Anutin" reveals understanding of the role of "Chuvit" After storming the speech stage of the Proud Thai Din Daeng Party. On May 2, 2023, Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, leader of the Proud Thai Party, along with party leaders and candidates, opened a speech in front of Din Daeng Police Station. Among the large number of people who attended the hearing during Mr. Anutin's policy recommendation, it appeared that Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit He listened to the speech from outside before attacking through a megaphone and causing a sound to enter the speech stage, which Mr. Anutin, who witnessed the incident, said on stage that he would like to make the most of his time as election day approaches. He then introduced policies such as a 3-year moratorium, interest-free loan for seniors over 60 years old, an emergency loan of 50,000 baht, and the issuance of a day ticket. 40 baht per day, including the free solar cell policy on the roof of the house, Mr. Anutin said after the speech. In the case of Mr. Chuvit invading the Din Daeng stage, he said that he had known Mr. Chuvit for more than 10 years and understood that what Mr. Chuvit expressed was a role. But the basis is to love each other and encourage each other. As for whether the policy will be or not, the election results will decide Mr. Anutin. He also emphasized that what I see today is normal, understanding the role because when I was a businessman, I had to compete for anything. The people behind it are believed to be big businessmen who have a good relationship with each other. So everything is a drama, read related news, teach boxing, "political rookie" from "me to brother nid". Election 2023: "Naimon" Wang "PDP" Win 12 Bangkok MPs in 2023 elections: NHRC warns of perfect economic storm, advises fighters to prepare for
Election 2023: "Ung-ing" to choose for Thailand to slide Don't wait to win like '62. |"Pae Thongtarn", Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister and Head of Family for Thailand Opening up after giving birth that the last election battle must choose to slide the landslide. Make an immediate difference You don't have to win like '62 but can't form a government today (May 3, 2023). Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister and Head of Family for Thai, together with Mr. Pitak Suksawat Husband opens up after birth of son and readiness to fight re-election He stated that Nong Thasin used the caesarean section method because of the disruption, so the doctor recommended that the caesarean section would be the safest and decided to have a caesarean section at all. As soon as I heard my baby crying, tears flowed on both sides, glad that I was healthy and safe because I was very afraid about the caesarean section, and my brother's name was hand-made and the names of the family members, both Khun Pajaman Damapong and Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra, who were really proud. It comes from liking more about the meaning of Mrs. Thasin's face, which many people say looks like Mr. Thaksin. Ms. Paethongtarn said that in fact, Mr. Thaksin had said from the beginning that men tend to look like their mother, when they look like their mother, they will also look like their grandfather. However, it is expected that in 4-5 months he should be able to take his grandchild to Grandpa when asked if Mr. Thaksin Shinawatra has posted a message that he wants to come back to raise his grandchild. See you soon. Miss Paethongtarn said that it is a matter that everyone is excited about because it is the 7th grandchild and my father would be very excited and would have wished to have a moment in front of the delivery room. Ms Paethong Tarn said she sees it more as a matter of hope. Of course, what he said may have implications in politics but also in family matters. It's not wrong to hope, especially on days when things are good at home and I haven't talked to my dad about coming home. Every day I only talk about my grandson when I ask if the Pheu Thai Party is running the campaign in the last corner. Thaksin Shinawatra's announcement of his return home could hurt confidence or some of his voting base. Ms Paethongtarn said she did not see her father's return home as having anything to do with the Pheu Thai Party, admitting it was difficult to separate because Thaksin was the founder of the Thai Rak Thai Party, but her sonhood now cannot be said to be irrelevant. My father always said he wanted to come back and raise his grandchildren but never said he wanted to come back as prime minister. This is true, and it's not relevant, but some people are trying to tie it together now into the final election, and there are 11 left. On the day of the election, everyone in the Pheu Thai Party is dispersed to perform important duties, which will now continue to reiterate its policies and want people to have a clear picture of when we will do it in order to benefit people's decisions in the elections. Will it affect the Pheu Thai Party? Indicates that some polls are reliable. Some of them are unreliable. People must use their judgment to see which party policies can actually change the future of the people. Ms. Paetongtarn also said that the election system must be strategic. The election gave Pheu Thai Party a landslide victory so that it could change at all. Like in '62, we got a majority, but we couldn't form a government. The country can't wait. We have to change. Ms. Paethongtarn also stated that if she leaves the hospital, the only thing she can do is present herself because she can't snap her finger once and change everything as she wants to go out and meet the people. Because the party has 3 candidates for prime minister who are ready to be prime minister to do for the people, they do everything they can. Ms. Paethong Tarn stated that she did not know if it was the trend of the rival party that was trying to spin the trend that we were not clear. Everyone speaks out, not just themselves. Mr. Setha spoke. The elders in the party said that we would not shake hands, but they were trying to spin that it was not clear, I believed it was a political technique, so I did not know that today this affirmation. Will the current still be spinning? 
Election 2023: "Srisuwan" submits SAT to investigate chatline for domination of political parties|"Srisuwan" submits SAT to investigate case of domination of political parties After Mr. Somchai Sawang The senator posted a picture of a chatline between individuals and transferred money to the activity to bring back the Red Shirts to help the political party. Today (May 3, 2023), Mr. Srisuwan Janya, Secretary-General of the Thai Constitution Protection Organization Association, submitted a petition to The SEC has asked for an investigation into the case of Mr. Somchai Sawang. The senator posted a leaked photo of the chatline on Facebook in a manner that could be considered illegal for elections and political parties during the election campaign, which may fall under Section 73 (1) of the Electoral Act, which states that no candidate or person shall give or solicit benefits, and Section 75, which prohibits anyone from campaigning for mutual benefit. If violated, it will lead to the Constitutional Court ruling on the dissolution of Mr. Srisuwan's political party. He said that using money from people far away to spend on election campaign activities may be considered an offence of overthrowing the democratic rule under Article 92(1) (3) (4) because democracy does not provide for vote buying and the SAT can refer the case to the Constitutional Court for decision even if such person is not a party executive director. It is in the public interest whether the images are true or not. Therefore, the SEC must conduct an inquiry with the power to summon Mr. Somchai and other persons who appear to be questioned in order to find out the facts in line with former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra's tweet about whether he wants to go home or not. Mr Srisuwan said he was not sure if they were linked. But if you look at the past incidents that the association has complained about in this way, is there any domination of political parties for such chatlines at the time of this election? Mr. Srisuwan said that the chat line did not specify the date and time, but he had to check Mr. Somchai where he got the chat. He thinks that Mr. Somchai can provide information on this matter for whether this petition is seen as discrediting the Pheu Thai Party or not. Mr. Srisuwan said that there is empirical data and that he thinks there may be illegal statements and what Mr. Somchai's intentions are. He thinks that the way The S.A.T.A. will call for an exam. He sees that such matters are not discredited, but to prove the truth whether it is illegal or not, as a lawyer can make a preliminary judgment that may be wrong, but he is not the final judge, which requires a competent agency to take action. The applicant identified himself as "Tui", called the person he was talking to as "Nai", asked how much money he spent, and spoke about the project to invite the Red Shirts in 6 provinces back home to help win landslide elections and to lead the formation of a government so that Mr. ... could go home. As for you, it was stated that the amount of 1 million baht was sent first. Ask the Red Shirts to check which districts have not been labeled or are not working and indicate that they should do well. No side conflicts. Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, the Prime Minister and Head of Family for Thailand, replied to the case during a press conference on childbirth, saying that it was seen as a technique in the final stretch of the campaign. Confirmed, Pheu Thai Party is not worried If you Srisuwan If there is a time gap like Mr. Srisuwan, he will sue back, but personally confident. There is no penalty for disbanding the Pheu Thai Party.
Election 2023: "Prayuth" drops Surat people love each other Ask for a vote for the RTSC.|"Gen. Prayuth" and leader of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party Cruise south to call for votes in Surat Thani province. Surat MPs enter the House of Commons to continue their work today (May 3, 2023). Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha Prime Candidate The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party, along with its leaders, went to the campaign area in Surat Thani province to help campaign for Surat Thani MP candidates in all 7 constituencies in the first constituency. Gen. Prayuth boards an election float in Tha Kham municipality Phunphin said the weather was clear today, wishing everyone happiness. The country is already good and must help each other to make it better, which the Ruam Thai National Building Party is willing to take care of all Thais on their journey. Suratthani This time, we have seen a lot of changes. But everything needs to be done better and fix the obstacles. MPs of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party take as many seats in parliament as possible. So that they can continue to work. Gen. Prayuth also asked everyone to help make Thailand move forward, go out and exercise their right to vote and not give up their own rights. Gen Prayut told the villagers to unite to choose the candidate of the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party according to the constituency number and choose the number 22 of the party for the list of candidates. Surat Thani MP has 7 districts: District 1, Ms. Kansinee Ophasrangsan No. 8, District 2, Mr. Pipit Rattanarak No. 3, District 3, Ms. Wajiraporn Kanchana No. 2, District 4, Pansak Boontan No. 3, District 5, Dr. Parmet Jina No. 3, District 6, Ms. Anongnath Sergekaew. No. 5 District 7 Mr. Thanin Nuanwat No. 2Read related news for the 2023 election: "Anutin" points to "Chuvit" invading the stage to speak only for the 2023 election political drama: "Ung Ing" to choose for Thailand to slide Don't wait for the 2023 election: The SEC has an unofficial election report.
Election 2023: "Jurin" campaign for Ang Thong confident that "NHPO" can lead the nation out of crisis |"Jurin" with Seth Ai asking for the voice of the people of Ang Thong "Elect a Democrat, the whole party" will lead the nation to survive the crisis. Today (3 May 2023) Mr. Jurin Laksanavisit Leader of the Democratic Party, with Gen. Boonlert Kaewprasit (Seth Ai) boarded the campaign float. Around town from the City Pillar Court during the day, ready to campaign for candidates. Ang Thong Provincial MP Mr. Chawalit Prasitsombat Candidate District 1 No. 4 and Ms. Pattarasuda Busaranan, candidate District 2 No. 7, both are young people supported by the party. The MP in Ang Thong province asked the Ang Thong brothers and sisters to help consider candidates in both districts of the party and support the Democratic Party No. 26 on the green card. Mr. Churin told the media that he apologized to the people of Ang Thong province that he could not campaign in all districts because there was a limited time at the moment, but he always remembered the people of Ang Thong and thanked all the fans. It is clear and well received and believes that as election day approaches, it will be even better.
The court ruled out the revocation of the right to vote in local elections.|constitutional court Pointing out the revocation of rights under the local election law In the case of Krit Nilkhao, it is considered unconstitutional under Article 26, paragraph one, restricting freedom. Today (May 3, 2023), the Office of the Constitutional Court published the decision of the Constitutional Court. Consideration No. 33/2022 The Pathumthani Provincial Court submitted the defendant's argument (Mr. Krit Nilkhao) in Criminal Case No. 597/2565 asking the Constitutional Court to rule under Article 212 of the Constitution that Section 50 of the Election of Local Members or Local Administrators Act B.E. 2562 (2019) provides that "a person who has the following characteristics is prohibited from exercising his right to run for election: (21) has had his right to vote revoked and has not passed 5 years from the date of his revocation until the election date; "Contrary to or contrary to the Constitution, Article 26, paragraph one, or not to read related news on the 2023 election: "Prayuth" drops Surat people love each other. Request for votes for RTTC election 2023: "Ung-ing" to elect for Thailand to slide Don't wait to win like '62. 
Election 2023: Go to the polls What proof of identity can I use?|What can be used? Proof of identity to vote in advance on May 7 and general election on May 14 today (May 3, 2023) According to the Election Commission, the election of members of the House of Representatives will be held on Sunday, May 14, 2023 and the early election day on Sunday, May 7, 2023 from 08.00 - 17.00 hrs. Citizen ID card (expired ID card can be used for identification)2. Card or any other evidence of a government agency or government agency with a photo and ID number of the cardholder, such as a government official ID card, driver's license, passport (passport), etc.3.Electronic evidence opened through the application of a government agency in accordance with the law on electronic government operations. Currently, 3 applications can be used: Related News: Election 2023: Czech! Points in 23 provinces for special elections for disabled and elderly people to vote in 2023: 7 procedure Pre-election voting in 2023: Open 5 steps to exercise your right to vote in the 2023 election: The SEC expects 5 p.m. to know the results of the May 14 election for the 2023 election: SEC sets award for election fraud report with "news value"
Election 2023 : "Proud Thai" goes ahead to blame "Setha" alludes to choice P.T. "Uncle Tu"|"Proud Thai" moves forward to blame "Settha" after being speech alluding to marijuana knot and choosing Proud Thai "Prayuth" pointed to the actor to shop for the position of Prime Minister. If not, go back to sell the housing estate today (May 3, 2023). Mr. Supachai Jaisamut Registrar of the Proud Thai Party announced the case of Mr. Settha Thaweesin Pheu Thai Party's prime minister candidate in a speech alluding to the Proud Thai Party for allowing free marijuana and drunkenness of youth, said the speech was slanderous and false, and insisted that unlocking marijuana was a unanimous vote of parliament with both MPs and senators. Pheu Thai Party members also voted in favor, Mr. Supachai reiterated that the issuance of the announcement by the Minister of Public Health was in compliance with the duties prescribed by law. Not indiscriminate or neglectful when cannabis is unlocked since last month. Dec2021 The Pheu Thai Party has never objected. Meanwhile, the hemp bill has yet to pass the House of Representatives. It is believed to be a game grab for consideration of the bill not to be completed. Mr. Settha's speech is therefore slanderous with falsehood and misleading the public, which may affect the popular vote of the Proud Thai Party MP candidate, which is considered an election law. It has no legal effect, but it is the duty of the party's executive committee to control and supervise. Members are prohibited from violating the Constitution against both the proclamation and the order, while Mr. Settha said that if elected, the Proud Thai Party will Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha as prime minister is considered a false slander because the Proud Thai Party has always declared that Anutin Charnvirakul has been nominated as prime minister. Keep singing. Provincial Commissioner In the case of Mr. Settha, he said that if elected, Mr. Supachai and the Proud Thai Party will bring marijuana liberalization to intoxicate the youth of Nakhon Phanom. There is also the case of Mr. Prasert Chanthawongthong Pheu Thai Party Secretary-General who issued a statement attacking the party and Proud Thai Party members. According to Section 101 of the Political Parties Act, anyone who informs or accuses a political party or person of an offence under the Constitutional Assembly Act knowingly is false. Imprisonment for not more than 5 years, a fine not exceeding 100,000 baht, or both, and the court shall order the revocation of the candidacy if the offender under paragraph one is a political party, including the executive committee of the party, shall be punished with 2 times the prescribed penalty. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan And no marijuana party. If the post-election doesn't go like this, Whether Mr. Setha is responsible or not, Mr. Supachai said that Mr. Setha does not have the power to make decisions, it is just an actor. If you can't shop for the prime minister's position, I went back to sell the housing estate as before, read related news, teach boxing "political rookie" from "me to brother nid". Election 2023 : "Anutin" satirical "Settha" inexperience in the political arena Election 2023 : "Noppadol" Pong "Settha" pointed out the speech is not wrong km - only political analysis.
"Chuvit" Open the Center for Free Cannabis Resistance, ask for the position of all political parties|"Chuvit Kamolvisit" Launch of the Center Against Free Marijuana Continue to oppose the campaign of the Proud Thai Party Aim not to be the government. Prepare to ask the position of all political parties today (May 3, 2023) Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former politician, gave a press conference to launch the Anti-Free Marijuana Center at The Davis Hotel. Aiming not to make the Proud Thai Party a government, Mr. Chuvit claimed that there are big capitalists who farm cannabis in Thailand. Abbreviation T Close to Mr. Anutin If the Proud Thai Party continues to push such policies, it will do everything possible to make the Proud Thai Party the opposition. Mr. Chuvit also estimated that the Proud Thai Party would win no more than 50 seats. He said he would travel to ask all political parties about their stance on cannabis. Starting tomorrow (May 4), he will travel to the Owl Flea Market in Nonthaburi province, where the party has stepped forward to campaign on the spot. The opening message with Mr. Anutin back in 2020 was still good, but when Mr. Anutin presented the marijuana policy, there was no discussion. He also opened a message with Settha Thaweesin. Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidate In the message, Mr. Chuvit asked Settha whether he would support the party's policies. Mr. Setha replied that he did not support it. Mr. Chuvit Continue typing if not supported. Must not join or shake hands with the Proud Thai Party
Election 2023 : Analysis of "For Thailand - Going Forward" Challenge "Big House" Buriram|In this election, "Buriram", the capital and the main yolk base of the "Proud Thai Party", will be another election area that will be challenged by other political parties because while the Proud Thai Party announced to pile up in all regions of Thailand, including Bangkok, it is not known that it is facing a heavy battle from rival parties that will sneak the back of the kitchen, especially the two major parties in the opposition side, the Pheu Thai Party and the Far Step Party. Just invaded the tiger cave Buriram to open a big stage for the campaign. Headed by Mr. Settha Thaweesin One of the candidates for Prime Minister and other party leaders among the red cheering crowds in both Lahan Sai and Satuek districts had announced an invitation to the people of Buriram. If you want to see change happen, you have to choose a Pheu Thai Party and criticize the heart box of the Proud Thai Party. If the government becomes ousted, there will be no marijuana in the middle of the road. In early March 2023, the Pheu Thai Party's big army led by "Ung Ing" Miss Paetongtarn Shinawatra and Dr. Chon Nan Sri Kaew The leader of the party went up to step on the tiger with full intensity for one round and then that time. Reinforcing the no-marijuana policy is one of the no-3-y strategies, but it does not mean the 3-P brothers, but it means combating drugs and not taking marijuana. Opening up trade with neighboring Cambodia increased income for locals and turned eaters into patients to heal the day. 2 The same warlord with a big mouth. Mr. Nattawut Saikua Announcement to reclaim the congressman's chair Mr. Adisorn Piangket An important leader in the past since the Thai Rak Thai era. Energetic to the point of announcing the expulsion of the Chid family like out of the mast hill quite a truth the Chid family like. Since the time of Mr. Chai Chidchob. He has been one of Thaksin Shinawatra's Thai Rak Thai Party leaders since the 2005 election, and after the 2007 election, Chai became Speaker of the House of Representatives in the People's Power Party quota. In place of Mr. Yongyut Tiyapairath, a former MP for many times of Chiang Rai province, and not only Mr. Chai, but also the heir to the family, led by Mr. Nevin Chidchob. In the 2011 election, the Proud Thai Party won 7 out of 9 Buriram MPs, 2 of whom belonged to the Pheu Thai Party, thus becoming the capital of the Proud Thai Party. 8 provincial MPs, another party that challenged Ban Yai Buriram For this election, the "Progressive Party" is hot both online and mainstream media, sending both Mr. Rangsiman Rome and "Cho". Miss Pannika Vanich went down to help campaign in the area during the same time by Mr. Rangsiman to help campaign in Buriram. On 21 April 2023 and that day, actually invaded Khao Kra Mast, the location of Ban Yai, Buriram province, along with opening a brawl in response to Mr. Supachai Jaissamut. One of the leaders of the Proud Thai Party In response to the challenge to flag the far-flung party MPs in Buriram province to get a part. Miss Pannika went to get on a float and walk the street market or Buriram's famous walking street comfortably without any resistance. Reflecting that we are ready to open candidates from other parties as well for Buriram province. There are pictures and stories related to Mr. Thanathorn Thusrungruangkit. When he was the head of the Future New Party and went to the area to help campaign for the party's MP candidate on January 8, 2019, before later there was a problem with the date and time of the transfer of shares in Weluck Media Company of Mr. Thanathorn to Mrs. Somporn Thusrungruangkit, his mother, which Mr. Thanathorn claimed was January 8, 2019 as well, causing drama and leading to debate and news on the media page. How reasonable and feasible it is. On the afternoon of January 8, Mr. Thanathorn was still speaking in Buriram but was able to return to Thanyaburi checkpoint. At 14.57 minutes, it appeared in the Easy Pass document that Mr. Thanathorn brought to clarify the defense, the case ended when the Constitutional Court ruled. On November 20, 2019, Mr. Thanathorn was absent from being an MP due to a media shareholding case and was disqualified from politics for 20 years, making it possible that the Far Step Party may have memories with Buriram province and have a grudge with the Proud Thai Party to some extent as the original capital. Before the later time. The opposition coalition is led by Mr. Pakornwut Udompipatsakul. A number of Roster MPs, the Progressive Party and a number of opposition MPs will petition the Speaker of the House of Representatives to the Constitutional Court to remove Saksiam Chidchob. Transport Minister The knot holding shares of the transport contracting company violated the Constitution and eventually The Constitutional Court unanimously accepted the petition and ordered Mr. Saksiam to cease performing his duties. Transport Minister immediately from March 3, 2023 In the past, it was characterized by "vengeance buried puppets" that may have to settle the vengeance account in the May 14, 2023 election.
Election 2023: "Democrats" aim to set up "Cooperative Bank - Unlock KM" to solve people's debt|"Democrats" announce debt relief Aiming to develop the financial system Build an international financial center in Hat Yai, set up a cooperative bank, and unlock the law Today ( 3 May 2023) Economic Team of the Democratic Party Press Conference Thailand Agenda The 5th "The National Debt Resolution Policy and Financial System Development" and "The NCPO is Full! Pushing the rail system across Thailand to reduce logistics costs - Close the door on "Private Tender" by Mr. Pisit Lee-Atham, former Deputy Minister of Finance, Chairman of the Policy Committee and Economic Team of the Democratic Party. Mr. Samart Rajpolsit, Deputy Party Leader Economic team of the Democratic Party and experts in transport and megaprojects and Mr. Manochai Sudjit Economic Team of the Democratic Party Mr. Pisit Leeatham, former Deputy Minister of Finance Chairman of the Policy Committee and Economic Team of the Democratic Party said that the Democratic Party has a policy on financial system development in 3 main areas: 1. To develop and upgrade Hat Yai City to be an international financial center in the region. In today's world, there are many financial centers such as New York, London, Singapore, etc., which with the potential of Hat Yai, if supported by policy, can push Hat Yai to be an international financial center in the region. At least not inferior to Singapore, develop infrastructure, transport, internet, data centers, fix the functioning of the courts. The adjudication of financial cases to be comparable to international standards in order to have confidence. The area is made into a Financial District. It is believed that being a financial center will be the s curve. Create Hat Yai to prosper in the future.2. Promote and develop the creation of local banks. Because localities all over the country start from Bangkok. SAO and municipalities have large deposits and savings because each year they are legal, and local fiscal regulations require surplus budgeting. The Democratic Party will enact a law to establish a local development bank with localities as shareholders. The government does not have to put money at all, with the main function being to be a source of funding for long-term local development. 3. Establishment of cooperative banks, which currently have money in the form of various cooperatives of not less than 3.3 trillion baht. There is still more money in savings cooperatives than SME banks or savings banks, but nowadays there is no international standard management, so the Democrat will propose to establish a cooperative bank. No public debt is incurred. Raising the status of savings cooperative clubs to become banks so that money from 2,000 cooperatives can be centralized and used for real benefits for the development of the country, Mr. Pisit continued to talk about the policy to solve people's debt, whereby household debt is a terrible suffering of the people. Not weakened. The Democratic Party aims to reduce household debt to below 80% from the current near 90% of GDP in the short term to alleviate the suffering of the people by unlocking three laws that hinder members' financial management and injecting money through village/community banks. The 1 trillion baht project injects money into the economy, causing the economy to expand by more than 5%. People can earn more to ease debt problems. For household debt, there are 2 large chunks: 1. Debt of salaried earners and 2. Debt of farmers. The party will seek about 900,000 million baht to discharge the debt of salaried earners by taking money from provident funds. It will unlock about 200 billion baht for its 2.8 million members to reduce home debt, buy a house, and unlock government funds. Make way for a teacher or a cop in trouble. He can use his own money to reduce his house debt. Purchased a house for approximately 100,000 million baht, totaling 300,000 million baht. It will help about 4,000,000 people to ease debt burden and lower interest without having to wait for the year of retirement to take out the money, including unlocking savings cooperatives to use the capital of cooperative shares to write off debts with that cooperative by amending these 3 laws only 1 section, namely amending Section 5 of the Provident Fund Act to allow the use of funds for housing, amending Section 43/1 of the Government Pension Fund Act to allow the use of funds for housing and amending Section 43/1 of the Government Pension Fund Act to allow the use of funds for housing procurement. Section 42 of the Cooperatives Act allows cooperative shares to be used to deduct the loan debt of such cooperatives. Mr. Manochai went on to say that in terms of solving farmers' debts, the Democratic Party recognizes the importance of farmers and wants to solve the problem of farmers' debt sustainably while injecting new capital for the restoration and adjustment of agricultural production efficiency. The policy is as follows: 1. Restructure the entire debt system by taking the debt of the BAAC and including the debt of agricultural cooperatives and village funds (who agree to sell the debt to the BAAC) to be divided according to individual potential into 3 parts, divided into Part 1: Debtors with no potential who are elderly farmers, over 65 years of age, or with disabilities. There are about 300,000 people with debts of about 70,000 million baht. The Bank of Thailand will forgive debts to elderly farmers in return for the good deeds that have produced products to feed Thai people for a long time by writing off bad debts, which the BAAC has fully reserved such debt and has a fund of approximately 420,000 million baht. Part 2: Debtors who have enough potential and still work as farmers but are insolvent and unable to repay their debts, which are approximately 2,000,000 people, with a debt value of approximately 1.2 trillion baht. The Bank of Thailand will convert each debt into shares held by the BAAC but have an agreement to redeem such shares to be returned to the debtors within 10 years, while the new investment will be in the form of joint business. Instead of being a lender as it is now, the third part is that potential borrowers can choose to join the program as well as potential groups or continue using the Bank's normal loan services. 2. Adjust the role of the BAAC to be an institution for rural development in order to play a role in addition to being a financial partnership provider with risks with farmers and communities (Financial Partnership Provider) in the rural sector. The Bank of Thailand will use funds from the Bank's financial sources, which currently have liquidity to support operations of about 400 billion baht, and from the government's debt repayment under the rice pledge program and farmers' income guarantee that owes about 800 billion baht, totaling about 1.2 million baht, which is sufficient without the need for the government budget. By forgiving debt to elderly farmers and converting debt into capital of about 1.27 trillion baht, the country will reduce the country's household debt by more than 8% of GDP. This will result in a strong foundation economy, resulting in sustainable economic growth of at least 1.0% per year, helping approximately 300,000 elderly and disabled farmers who have been written off from bad debt to escape the misery of insolvency. It affects the quality of life of rural people.
Election 2023: Yellow-Orange-Red-Black Card What does it mean for the election?|Yellow card, orange card, red card, black card What are the penalties for MPs who commit offences under the electoral law, each colour of which affects the election? To ensure that the election was conducted in good faith, there are 4 instruments to punish offenders: red, orange, yellow, black, which means only the color is as follows: Yellow card is the power to order a new election. It is divided into 2 phases: first, before or on the day of the election, when the SAT has investigated or investigated or witnessed acts with reasonable suspicion, or each SAT has witnessed acts or omissions that may cause the election to not be honest or fair or unlawful. The SAT or its directors shall have the power to suspend, restrain, amend or cancel the election and order a new election for the second period. When the election results are announced, there is reasonable evidence to believe that the election in any constituency was not conducted honestly or fairly, but it is not clear that it was the act of the elected official. In the event that the Supreme Court decides that the election was not conducted in good faith or impartiality, the court shall order a new election for that constituency. The SAT temporarily pulls out candidates who are not qualified or have prohibited characteristics from the election. In order to prevent meddling in that election or the new election to be held, it is divided into 2 phases: the first phase before the election day. If a candidate is ineligible for election due to disqualification or prohibited from running for election, he or she shall petition the Supreme Court to withdraw his or her name from the second phase of the list of candidates. If the SAT investigates or investigates and finds that there is reasonable evidence to believe that the applicant has committed or caused another person to act. encouraging or knowingly encouraging another person to do such act or knowing that an act has been done but not taking action to suspend such act; The SAT temporarily suspends the candidate's candidacy for a period not exceeding 1 year, and in the event that the candidate is ranked in order to be elected, the SAT shall order a new election with a red card after the results are announced. If there is reasonable evidence to believe that a candidate or person has committed election fraud or is aware of the actions of other persons, the SAT shall apply to the Supreme Court to order the revocation of his candidacy or revocation of his right to vote if the Supreme Court finds that a person has committed the offence charged. The Supreme Court shall order the revocation of the person's right to apply for election or revoke his right to vote for 10 years. The court shall order that the person shall be liable for the expenses for the election that caused such an order to be made with a black card. After the announcement of the election results, if the SAT has reasonable evidence to believe that a candidate or any person has committed election fraud or has knowledge of the actions of other persons, the SAT shall apply to the Supreme Court to have his candidacy revoked or his right to vote indefinitely, similar to the political death penalty. If any candidate wins a black card, he will not be eligible to run for election or be a candidate for election as an MP, local member or local executive and will not be eligible to hold any political office forever.Related News:Election 2023: Go to the polls What proof of identity can be used in the 2023 election: Czech! Points in 23 provinces for special elections for disabled and elderly people to vote in 2023: 7 prohibitions on ballots Violation of imprisonment-fine-revocation of voting rights 2023 : 7 Early Voting Procedure
"Broken the pen" Which Gen sent whom?|Will the phenomenon of "breaking the pen" of the Progressive Party happen? But of course, the results of the 3rd Nida Poll (May 3, 2023) survey of who the public will support to become Prime Minister this time (May 3, 2023) suggests that Mr. Pitha Limcharoenrat The leader of the party went a long way. The popular vote came in first place at 35.44%. Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra or "Ung-ing", the head of the family for Thailand, ranked 2nd with 29.20% and Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha, or "Lung Tu". Chief Strategy Officer The Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party came third with 14.84% of the vote, with Pheu Thai Party coming first at 38.32%, followed by the Far Step Party (33.96%), leaving only 6% breathing down the neck and Ruam Thai Building the Nation in third place with only 12.08%. In the lead-up to the final stretch of the election. It is more likely that Pitha Limcharoenrat's popularity will translate into a vote for the party to move forward easily and it will not be difficult to result in the party moving forward. Both the list system and the constituency system surpassed 100 seats, and it is very likely that in the Bangkok area, the farther may get more MPs than other provinces. That should explain it. Not unlike the events that happened in Phuket, so it is not strange. If the shake-up will happen to the Pheu Thai Party, even Miss Paethong Tarn Shinawatra "Ung-ing" who is in the recovery stage from giving birth. Set up a press conference at Rama 9 Hospital to confirm that it is ready to fight the final bend and answer questions about the poll results that are both reliable and incorrect. Despite some party's improved poll results, take a look at voter turnout figures for 2023 from the Department of Government. Ministry of Interior There were 52,322,824 first-time voters aged 18-22 years, 4,322 012,803 people There are 14,378,037 senior voters aged 58 and over, if separated by age group, as follows: Gen Z aged 18-25 years old has 6,689,453 people, Gen Y people aged 26-41 years old has 15,103,892 people, Gen X people aged 42-57 years old has 16,151,442 people and Gen Baby Boomers aged 58-76 years old has 11,844,939 people. About 100 MPs Meanwhile, Gen Y, which has reached 15 million people, both generations tend to have different political ideas than Gen X and Gen Baby Boomers. It can be seen that although elections are the democratic way, the campaign of political parties is still divided into 2 poles, namely conservative and democratic. If the polls in the lead-up to the final curve will point the new prime minister to the No. 1 spot in "Going Further" or "For Thailand" based on the voice base of the new generation and other generations who are bored. "Uncle Tu" for a long time, "breaking the pen master" is not difficult to happen, but it should not be forgotten that in addition to the popular vote, there is also a fight back among Gen Baby Boomers or "sick elephants", a group of "retired civil servants" with 12 million people who join forces through various channels to fight for "Uncle Tu" to stay. "Prime Minister" read related news for the 2023 election: Analysis of "For Thailand - Going Further" Challenge "Ban Yai" Buriram Election 2023: "Ung Ing" to Elect for Thailand to Slide Don't wait to win like '62. 
Election 2023: "Moving forward" aims to win 160 seats to form a government and push "Pitha" as Prime Minister|The General Secretary of the Progressive Party has announced that it is aiming to win 160 seats to form a government, pushing "Pitha" to sit as prime minister in the latest polls. The former government will not have more than 180 seats, the final bend is preparing for a big speech in the Red Land on May 12 today (May 4). General Secretary of the Progressive Party Statement at the Progressive Party Office Said that this election People choose with hope, not fear. Choose for change, to move forward, not to go back to the past. 160 MPs to make Pitha Limcharoenrat Prime Minister and step forward to form a government to create change on issues. "Won the election since it may lose to form a government." The General Secretary of the Progressive Party said that the situation is different from 2019 if you look at trends from polls, security polls and polls from political parties. The trend is clear that the former government will not be "There is no need to be afraid of the disagreement between For Thailand and Go Far because according to various polls for Thailand and Go Far, the average vote is 70 percent, as opposed to only 50 percent in 2019. He is confident that the popularity of the Progressive Party will increase further in the last ten days. Therefore, the party has the opportunity to lead the formation of a government under the condition of joining with other parties to form a government. On the creation of a new constitution, reform of the military. Abolish military conscription, hold a referendum asking people whether to hold elections for governors nationwide, which can be seen as the main policy of the Progressive Party. The positive response online is not IO or the party's news operations. The party has never bought a penny of advertising on Facebook. Said the party had reached the final bend. Amid the overwhelming response. The party organized a caravan to go a long way. All roads leading to the Royal Palace are divided into 5 northern roads: the northern route. Headed by Chaithawat Tulathon, Pannika Vanich, and Karunpol Thiensuwan, Southern Region: Southern Inner Line led by Rangsiman Rome, and Prith Watcharasindhu Eastern Region: Burapha Undefeated Line, led by Pitha Limcharoenrat, Sirikanya Tansakul, Benja Sangchan, and Viroj Lakkhanadisorn Northeast: Divided into 2 lines: Isaan bloodline led by Thanathorn Chuengrungruangkit, and Amarat Chokpamitkul, and Mittraphap Line led by Piyabutr Sangkanokkul, Principal. Attapol Buapat, and Apichart Sirisoonthorn, General Secretary of the Progressive Party. He said that this caravan was organized to invite the people to go further in 2 years. Then each caravan will converge on the main speech stage of West 1 Sports Building, Bangkok Youth Center (Thai-Japanese). Din Daeng district on May 12 to send a long step to the Government House.
Election 2023: "Prawit" confident policy can be achieved After the election, ready to catch all the poles, but if you get 300, no one will bother.|"Prawit" leads the economic team Mecca Project Briefing Government of the 7 main policies Hopefully after the election, there will be no mobs down the streets, for the government to move forward to run the country. He is ready to become the Prime Minister to capture all poles to form a government, but if he wins 300 seats, he will not be discouraged today (May 4, 2023). Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The party leader, along with the party's economic team, consisted of: Mr. Santi Prompat Mr. Uttam Mr. Teerachai Bhuwanathnaranuban Mr. Sontirat Sonthijirawong Mr. Mingkwan Saengsuwan Mrs. Narumon Pinyosinwat Mr. Kanit Saengsubhan M.L. Korakasiwat Kasemsri gave a press conference on "Policy Summary: The Last Curve to the Election to be the Power Pracharath Government" before the May 14 election, Gen. Prawit said that he would like to declare a policy that assures that the Power Pracharath Party will form a government and follow the policies that campaign 1. Trade can grow. If there is no protest, come out and march. What is the problem, what will be the amendment of the Constitution, whatever is said in the House, it is time to end the conflict.2. When conflict is overcome There are 2 things to do: water and land will strengthen farmers and reduce inequality. 4. Build a strong welfare system 5. Revive the economy 6. Create social justice and 7. Transform government management services. If it were the government, it would do it immediately. Another important policy is the suppression of drugs that must be prevented and rehabilitated. Procure a lump sum to carry out these matters, especially the Mr. Uttam said 3 main tasks to stimulate the economy to revive immediately. Accelerate economic growth with full potential, accelerate the foundation for sustainable development, transform Thailand by turning crisis into opportunity. For the good future of Thai people, Mr. Sonthirat said that the structure of the village fund for 13 million people and 80,000 funds will push 200,000 baht per fund. under a budget of 16,000 million baht. Strengthening the economy Reduce costs, push fertilizer policy in half. 50% discount to top up farmers' capital of 30,000 baht per household Mr. Mingkwan said the energy policy in terms of gasoline prices will be reduced by 18.07 baht and diesel will be reduced by 6.37 baht and gas prices will be reduced to 173 baht per cylinder. Reduce electricity and electricity bills to 2.50 baht per unit and industrial 2.70 baht per unit. In addition, there is a public premium policy, whereby the elderly 60 years will receive 3,000 baht, 70 years will receive 4,000 baht, 80 years will receive 5,000 baht, except pensioners will not receive Mr. Santi. Speaking about the Isaan Pracharat policy, he said that he intends to develop the Northeast region because it has the most people. To improve the quality of life, the project has been carried out on a double-track railway from Bueng Kan to Chonburi and Rayong provinces, which along the way will have 6 industrial estates that will create jobs and generate income for more than 3 million people in the area. The party's popularity is increasing. Gen Prawit said he was happy if the reporters supported him. The Pracharath Party also improved when asked if he was ready to become prime minister in nine days until the election. Gen Prawit said if the people elected him, he would be ready. Asked if he had seen the party's response on social media, he said: Gen Prawit said he did not look at it when asked if there would be anything to hit the final bend as a knockout finisher. Gen Prawit said: "The media is the choice or not. If you choose, the part that many parties will not polarize with is up to the people. If you get 300 votes, you don't have to touch anyone, let the people decide who to choose. If he wants to talk, say it, and the poll results are now convincing or not. Gen Prawit said that anyone can do a poll is people's idea. Did everyone ask, and did everyone answer? The poll is a poll when asked if from going to the area and having direct contact with the people, including the current trend of the Pracharath Power Party, do you think it will be possible to lead the formation of the government? Gen Prawit said he did not know, but it was up to the people to think ahead. The media responded to it when asked if they believed in the people. Gen Prawit said he did not know it was up to the people but he had confidence because he had been on the ground all year and had not seen anyone scold Gen Prawit also mentioned that he had to look at the numbers after May 14 but was ready to work with all political parties. If the numbers are small, they are alone. If the numbers are large, then alone, then to see who to shake hands with, you have to see each party, whether to join with the progressive party or not, you have to look at the numbers as well. It also depends on the policies of that party. Read related news in the 2023 election: "Moving forward" aims to win 160 seats to form a government and push "Pitha" to be prime minister in the 2023 election: "Democrat" aims to set up "Cooperative Bank - Unlock KM" to solve people's debt
"Seth Hi" advises adults to open their minds and give the right information to the new generation. Stop the "hateful" rhetoric.|"Seth Hi" advises adults to listen to political disagreements, stop using "hateful" rhetoric, dread the new generation and not dare to express themselves. Adult pointers should provide accurate information. Don't let children be used as political tools today (May 4, 2023). Mr. Himalayan Skinphan, coordinator of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party (RTTC) or Seth Hi, participated in a forum on "Hating the Nation: Social Discourse" organized by the Bangkok Youth Development Council at King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT). Mr. Himalayas said it is time for society to stop using "hateful" rhetoric because it will lead to division, especially adults should not use this term against children who have different opinions, and should stop using children as political tools. To build trust in the courage to speak up, because if there is anything that the child reflects, it is not right or still misunderstood. Adults can guide them in the right way in a timely manner. Do not let it be a false belief that will negatively affect society and the child himself in the future, hatred of the nation has the advantage of seeing flaws, so it must be developed, must be corrected, the disadvantage is that we will not see the good that we have at all. Adults need to be open to listening and making changes together. We don't have to agree. We have to reduce the abomination in this society, but today we still have to move on because everyone is patriotic in terms of issues that young people ask in the forum. Regarding the amendment of Article 112, Mr. Himalaya commented that this is a sensitive issue which must first be separated into two issues. Adults who know the legal boundaries of the do's and don'ts must explain to children instead of using them as tools, and secondly, in the context of the law, it must be acknowledged that each law is outdated or unbalanced in each era, but the legal framework is designed to be adaptable or flexible by itself. If there is no crossing of the line, then what should be? Adults need to explain to the youth. Do not abuse children or become political victims. Everyone should respect the laws and common rules of society. If it is to be amended, the parliamentary amendment can be amended. In the past, many laws have been amended because it is democratic, once I negotiated with the youth who came to protest. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister, while attending a public meeting, met with adults who brought these children holding protest signs, who were the ones who directed and controlled behind the scenes, shocking that the person brought his 10-year-old child with him, but did not let his own child carry the sign, while pushing other children to hold it, which means that the adult knew what was done and was illegal, but refused to tell or explain to the child. When the case goes to court, Your court is merciful. This is evident from the political cases in which the accused is a juvenile. Most will receive light sentences and will be released if the behavior is not too bad. Adults need to help children create the right understanding instead of seeing them as political tools, which is even more merciless and cruel.
Election 2023 : "Sitha" Suggest pulling gray businesses up on the ground "Generate income-controllable"|Sitha suggested the government pull gray businesses from underground to the ground to gain control and generate income for the country, including gambling that Thailand has to pay a lot of money to foreign countries and sex workers, which today become a source of extortion today (May 4, 2023). Dr. Sidha Tiwari Prime Candidate Thai Sang Thai Party joins discussion on "Sex Creator, Sex Worker, E-cigarette, Casino" on Sex Creator Ms. Sitha suggested that there are two parts to the problem of sex creators: the social part and the legal part. Sex is not wrong, but when someone watches or receives money from sex, it is wrong while the issue of sex worker, Ms. Sitha sees it as a service facility, a place to extort and pay under the table. Everywhere in these establishments put up signs prohibiting prostitution. Prostitution is prohibited, but employees are required to test for sexually transmitted diseases every two weeks or monthly for e-cigarettes. Sitha explained that what smokers want is nicotine and people need nicotine. At least vaping doesn't contain tar, but it needs to be regulated just like cigarette use. Prevent youth access to casino issues Sitha commented that there should be, but the law must be strictly controlled and enforced because it is usually very difficult for casinos to lose money, with many models to choose from, including Macau, the UK and Singapore. Must be registered, have a ceiling on spending, have a background check to be accurate, and must not be accessible to young people.
Election 2023 : The SAT outlines the procedures for ballot retention.|The SAT clarified the process of ballot storage divided into 3 phases. We urge all sectors to trust and give priority to the safe ballot storage process so that the election will be conducted honestly, transparently and fairly today (May 4, 2023). The Office of the Election Commission (SEC) released information on ballot retention ahead of Election Day 2023, stating that due to concerns about ballot retention before Election Day, how much security is required before Election Day, the Office of the Election Commission (SEC) has released information on ballot retention ahead of Election Day 2023. The SAT would like to clarify that the SEC Regulation on Election of MPs 2023 stipulates how ballots are stored before the election day. Proceed with ballot retention. In addition, the election preservation period is divided into 3 phases as follows: For the preparation of the delivery of ballots to Election Commissioner or Central Election Standing Committee Proceed as follows: Voters, candidates, political parties and all sectors trust that the SEC attaches importance to the safe storage of ballots in order to ensure that the elections are conducted honestly, transparently, fairly and lawfully. Elections 2023: Go to the polls. What proof of identity can be used in the 2023 election: Czech! Points in 23 provinces for special elections for disabled and elderly people to vote in 2023: 7 Early Voting Procedure
Election 2023: "Seri Pisut" Od Democratic Party Don't be so busy sliding that you forget "Seri Ruam Thai".|"Seri Pisut" Od Democratic Party Don't be so busy sliding that you forget the Seri Ruam Thai Party. Vo fans like the slogan "Free to go" because it fits their own style of wading into things that others dare not do today (May 4, 2023). Maj. Gen. Sereepisut Temiewes Leader of the Seri Ruam Thai Party Revealed during the campaign at the municipal market. Trat province said today is the first day of the last campaign. In particular, the slogan "Seri Me is for Going" is favored by the party's supporters because it fits their own style of doing what others do not dare to do. Gen. Prayuth categorically said that the Democratic Party Don't just enjoy the land slide until you forget the Seri Ruam Thai Party, because in the council or the government will not be able to live without a person named Seri Pisut. Otherwise, who would dare to deal with a corrupt person who thinks wrongfully against the country? Who would dare to crack down on child-to-man drugs, or who would dare to reform the police like a real person? If not free, there is for this person for the "Battle of 9 Army" activities, 9 warlords, 9 routes that the party held during the long weekend of May 4-6, divided into 1 army in Bangkok led by Miss Napaporn Petchinda. 2nd Army, Lopburi Province Led by Mr. Wirat Worasasirin, the 3rd Army in the West is led by Nimit Chanwimon, the 4th Army in the Upper North is led by Maj. Gen. Vishnu Muangpraesri, the 5th Army in the Lower North is led by Maj. Gen. Narucha Suwanlapa, the 6th Army in the Northeast is led by Mr. Mangkon Yonttrakul, the 7th Army in the South Northeast is led by Somsak Ratchacharoen, the 8th Army in the South is led by Supachai Naksuwan, and the 9th Army in the East is led by Gen. Seri Pisut.
Election 2023: "Settha" to go to jail to prevent his children from being drunk by marijuana|"Setha" to go to jail to prevent his children from being intoxicated by marijuana He said he was not an enemy of a political party but an enemy of marijuana after being sued for a speech alluding to marijuana policy, announcing that he is ready to become the 30th prime minister today (May 4, 2023). Mr. Settha Thaveesin Prime Candidate Pheu Thai Party takes the stage to give a speech in Chanthaburi province Stated that the public was dissatisfied. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister because of the failure to manage the problems of the country, especially the problem of very expensive electricity bills at the moment, but also came back to say that if not the government again, it will come back to reduce the electricity bills. Believing that even if he comes back again, he cannot do it and still mentions the liberal marijuana policy of one political party, stating that he is not an enemy of such a political party, but an enemy of marijuana and does not want his children to be intoxicated by marijuana. If everyone is willing to give both ballots for Thailand in all 3 constituencies in Chanthaburi province and show readiness to become the 30th Prime Minister of Thailand, read related news in the 2023 election: "Seri Pisut" Democratic Od Don't be too busy sliding to forget "Seri Ruam Thai" Election 2023 : "Sitha" Suggest pulling gray businesses up on the ground "Generate income-controllable" in the 2023 election: "Moving forward" aims to win 160 seats to form a government and push "Pitha" as Prime Minister
Election 2023: Doubt! Signs introducing congressional candidates are dumped near a pile of garbage-funeral boards.|Found a candidate introduction badge. The MP for the 9th constituency in Songkhla province was put in the sun and dried in the rain near the trash can. The other is Yala. Found a guide sign on the funeral message board. Last ordered corrected. Today (5 May 2023) Reporters reported that during the last election stretch in Songkhla province, campaign signs were still being destroyed. Recently, a sign was found introducing the candidate. MPs from Constituency 9, Songkhla Province, and voters' lists were put to the sun in the rain near the trash can. Roadside Rong Poon intersection Khlong Hae Haad District These banners are in a state of decay, making the picture of the candidate a faded MP and the picture of the candidate. Some MPs fell out of the plaque. applicant The MP for Power Pracharath District 9, Songkhla Province, said that the sign was found near a garbage bin on the side of the road and found it while driving out on a campaign drive in the area. And there may be other areas as well, as villagers said that the signs introducing the candidates of the MPs in the area are scheduled to be designated as voting booths for the May 14 election. Officials set up a place for people to check their voting rights and set up in the sun and rain without shelter, causing the banners and names to be erased in Yala province after being published on online media, where photos and details of 14 candidates for the House of Representatives for District 1 in Yala province were attached. Funeral prayer schedule In the polling station inside Niroth Sangkararam Temple. Latest Yala City District Yala Police Department has corrected and expects that it may have been caused by a mistake without noticing and apologized here and emphasized to the officers to be more careful reading related news "singular - Director of Engineering". Rejection of the 3 million land reclamation fee 
Election 2023 : The National Assembly expects the NHC to vote in advance by more than 90%.|More than 90 per cent of voters are expected to cast their ballots today (May 5, 2023). The Election Commission of Constituency 1 Songkhla, along with the Standing Committee of Election Units, the Counting Committee and security personnel of all 187 polling stations in Constituency 1, participated in the understanding exercise. In order to organize the upcoming elections, both the pre-election on May 7 and the general election on May 14, all committees will understand and be ready to conduct the elections successfully. The director of the Office of the Provincial Election Commission of Songkhla said that all nine constituencies are now fully prepared and people are registering to vote in advance. Of these, 27,488 were registered to vote outside the province and 377 were registered to vote in the district, with more than 90 percent expected to turn out in early voting.
Election 2023 : The SEC printed 4.9 million alternate ballots. |The Secretary-General of the SAT outlined 4 principles of printing ballots and 4.9 million ballots in reserve, distributing 1 book per unit because it could not be torn into editions, of which 1 book contained 20 cards, and revealed the number of voters after the "addition-withdrawal of names" 52.2. Today (May 5, 2023), SAT Secretary-General Sawaeng Boonmee posted a message on Facebook about the number of ballots. "The principle of printing ballots is to have enough ballots for voters, regardless of circumstances or circumstances, in the election on May 14, 2023, with 52,239,354 users after their names have been added/withdrawn, 57,200,000 printed ballots (2,860,000 copies, 20 copies each), and 4,960,646 reserved ballots for election purposes. 1. Distribute to all polling stations 1 reserve book because the payment of ballots is not paid in the voting unit version (regular units and special units for the disabled and infirm) 100,000. 2,000,000 cards used for this purpose2. For each unit of the election director (MPA) who can add their names to vote in the unit they are working in on election day, which is 9 persons per unit, for normal units (up to 800 voters) and some units may have more than 9 MPAs. An additional 1 person per unit or if the voter exceeds 400. You can add 1 more MPA, which is 9 people or MPA. For special units for the disabled or infirm, there is a Each unit has 12 personnel, and all units have security guards. Approximately 100,000 units were used for this purpose, totaling 2,000,000 ballots.3. More than 900,000 ballots remained, some of which were used in the same manner for early elections on May 7, 2023 and overseas elections.4. The remainder of Article 3 was reserved for emergency and necessary cases, such as in case of overseas elections in Sudan where riots and elections could not be held. There were 94 people who registered to vote, paid 5 full books and 100 cards, and when the voters returned to the city, they had to allocate spare cards to the voters. On May 14, 2023, related news for the 2023 election: SAT outlines procedures for ballot retention for 2023 elections: Yellow-orange-red-black card Elections 2023: Go to the polls. What proof of identity can be used in the 2023 election: Open 5 steps to exercise your right to vote
Election 2023 : The SEC banned the release of poll results regarding elections from May 7 to May 14.|The SEC has introduced a ban on election day for buying, distributing, and distributing liquor and prohibiting the publication of poll results on voting from May 7 to May 14 at 5 p.m. (May 5, 2023). Reporters reported that the Office of the Election Commission (SEC) Publicize the precautions of voters for the House of Representatives. In the May 14 MP election and May 7, 2023 early election date for offences under the Constitutional Assembly Act on the Election of Members of the House of Representatives B.E. 2561 (2018). 1. No person shall sell, distribute or cater liquor of any kind from 6:00 p.m. on May 13, 2023 until 6:00 p.m. on election day. Imprisonment not exceeding 6 months or a fine not exceeding 10,000 baht or both. Imprisonment of 1-5 years or a fine of 20,000 – 100,000 baht or both, and the court shall order the revocation of the player's right to vote for 10 years and the right to revoke the candidacy of the organizer.3. No person shall disclose or publish the results of public opinion polls regarding voting during the 7 days prior to the election date until the closing time of voting (from May 7, 2023 to May 14, 2023 at 5 p.m.). Imprisonment not exceeding 3 months or a fine not exceeding 6,000 baht or both.4.No candidate shall arrange a vehicle to bring voters to the polling place or to take them back from the polling place, or arrange for voters to go to or from the polling place to vote. Without paying vehicle fares or wages which are normally payable, no person shall act in accordance with paragraph one. To induce or control voters to vote for or not to elect any candidate. The penalty is 1-10 years imprisonment or a fine of 20,000-200,000 baht or both, and the court orders the revocation of the right to vote for 20 years.  5.No person shall execute or consent to the illegal transfer of any person into his house registration for the purpose of election. The offences relating to voting are: 1. No person shall act to prevent the voter from exercising his right to vote or obstruct or delay the voter from going to the polling station or fail to arrive at the polling place within the time to vote is punishable with imprisonment of 1-5 years or a fine of 20,000-100,000 baht or both. The penalty is imprisonment for not more than 1 year. or a fine not exceeding 20,000 baht or both.3.The supervisor or employer obstructs or delays or does not provide reasonable convenience to the exercise of the right to vote of subordinates or employees. Imprisonment not exceeding 2 years or a fine not exceeding 40,000 baht or both.4.Voters are prohibited from soliciting, receiving, or agreeing to receive money, property or any other benefit for themselves or others to vote or not to vote. The offence is punishable by imprisonment of 1-5 years or a fine of 20,000-100,000 baht or both, and the court shall order the revocation of the right to vote for 10 years while the offences relating to the ballot are as follows: 1. Voters are prohibited from removing their ballots from the polling place or deliberately marking them for observation. Imprisonment of 1-5 years or a fine of 20,000-100,000 baht or both, and the court shall order the revocation of the right to vote for 10 years.2. Whoever intentionally causes the ballot to be damaged or damaged, or to make it a defective card, or to make a defective card into a valid card. The penalty is imprisonment for not more than 5 years and a fine not exceeding 100,000 baht, and the court ordered the revocation of the right to vote for 10 years.
Election 2023: "Bright Shinawatra" Confirmed, not because of the money. Move to support candidates for the NTSC|"Bright Shinawatra" Confirmed, not because of political polarization to support the candidate of the Ruam Thai Nation Building Party. The incident seriously solved the problem for the people today (May 5, 2023). Mr. Shinawatra Chankrajang or Bright Shinawatra, former leader of the New Generation Network in Nonthaburi province. Reveals the change in political polarity that has now turned into a campaign assistant for Candidate for Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party in District 1 No. 2 Ms. Wipawan Worawan Preecha and District 2 No. 5 Mr. Chalermpol Niyomsin Persuaded by Ms. Wipawan Mr. Shinawatra said that the response after helping to run the campaign was quite good. Mr. Shinawatra also said that if he moved back to help as a campaign assistant for the Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party because he felt that in Nonthaburi province there were still many problems in the community, social problems, and saw that these two candidates were committed to helping people in the area, as in the past the COVID-19 pandemic and there was no space to treat patients at that time. The Deputy Commissioner and the Secretary to the Commissioner were present and coordinated with them to help. Provide a facility to accommodate COVID-19 patients who are currently COVID-19 patients. More than 2,000 people signed up for treatment because they felt it was useless. Therefore, he thinks that if he turns back to support candidates who are willing to solve serious problems and approach the problems of quality of life of brothers and sisters in the community, it would be a good thing. As for those who do not understand and think that they betray their ideology, they cannot blame him. Because people have different ideas about the feedback of the locals. Miss Vipawan and Bright herself. I must say that it was more than expected, because after he helped to campaign for the election. Feedback now from local polls Mrs. Wipawan has already risen to No. 1, which is very wrong from what I thought in terms of Ms. Wipawan said that in the past, she had been in Member of Nonthaburi Provincial Administration Organization for 3 times and also served as Secretary. President, Nonthaburi At present, he is the Deputy Prime Minister of Nonthaburi Provincial Authority and has many works both related to and with government agencies and personal works, most of which are related to education and environmental matters. In the past, I used to go to the area to help bedridden patients. Poor people Disadvantaged children, including scholarships. In addition, there are many environmental projects and projects that help people in various communities who see future results. This morning, he and his team went to the campaign area in front of the market. Phranangklao Hospital was welcomed by vendors and shoppers.
Election 2023 : "Chuvit" Announcement to support "PTT" Land Slide After "Economics" The answer is obviously no to free marijuana.|"Economics" The answer is obviously not to take free marijuana "Chuvit"  Announces support for Pheu Thailand Slide Party as government and asks not to join Proud Thai Party I wish you to be Prime Minister today (May 5, 2023) before the start of the Pheu Thai Party's activities "For the economy, for the quality of life, for the rights and freedoms" at Park Paragon. Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit, a former politician, spent a while meeting with Settha Thaweesin. Pheu Thai Party Prime Minister candidate to ask about his stance on cannabis policy that Settha reiterated that Thailand has a clear policy not to free marijuana. Only medical marijuana was accepted, and then Mr. Chuvit declared his support for the Pheu Thai Party for Land Slide. And support all political parties that do not take marijuana freely. Mr. Chuvit said that the opposition to free marijuana will continue to intensify during the last 7 days and reiterated that there are no rats in Bangkok and rats in Ayutthaya will follow.
Election 2023: "Prawit" to campaign to help 3 Phuket MP candidates |Gen. Prawit to campaign for final election Phuket helps 3 applicants MPs of the party today (5 May 2023) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The head of the Power Pracharath Party went to the final campaign area in Phuket province by traveling to Wat Phra Thong. Thalang, Phuket The ancient and famous temple of Phuket province is the enshrined Phra Phut according to the characteristics of the Buddha that appears only from the upper part to Phra Ketumala which has the Buddhist merits in the matter of fortune - Gen. Prawit's job. He stated that he did not come to pray for the prime minister, but only for his health. Because if you are strong, you can already walk by yourself, but people want to support each other for Phuket. It has a population of 406,986 with 3 constituencies and 3 constituency MPs, with 13 political parties submitting candidates for MPs. Constituency No. 1 Phuket Municipality is Mr. Jirayus Songyot. Power Pracharath Party, Constituency 2 Mr. Suta Prateep Na Thalang and Constituency 3 Mr. Natthi Thin Sakoo Power Pracharath Party
Election 2023 : Ram University is ready to hold early elections on May 7.|SAT to check readiness Central polling locations outside the district and in the district at Ramkhamhaeng University ahead of the early election on Sunday, May 7. Rest assured that the election system and mechanism will comply with the law today (May 5, 2023) throughout this day, Bangkapi district office officials are gradually installing boards and documents at polling stations in Ramkhamhaeng University to speed up the day of the election or early election. On Sunday, May 7, Mr. Pilgrim, the secretary-general of the SAT followed up the arrangement of the venue because it is a central area. For early voting both outside and in most districts of Bangkok. There are 80 polling stations in Ramkhamhaeng University and more than 50,000 registered early voters. place And tomorrow (May 6), polling station staff will take delivery and prepare to install in booths, with 84 complaints, mostly in competitive provinces. The Secretary-General of the SAT also clarified that the holding of the election of MPs this time, even though the SAT was condemned or questioned on many issues, insisted that all matters could be clarified and asked the people to have confidence in the election management system of the Secretary-General. The SAT also stated that for the exercise of early voting outside the Kingdom, now Two-thirds of all eligible ballots outside the Kingdom will be stored at Thailand for sorting and gathering with districts on May 14 for counting.
Election 2023 : 7th Super Poll "PT" got 139 seats, no "Land Slide"  |The 7th Super Poll "For Thai" won 139 seats, "Proud Thai" ranked 2nd, while the Progressive Party took 3rd place. Congressman Landslide Today (May 5, 2023), Asst. Prof. Noppadol Kannika, Director of SUPER POLL Research Office, presented the results of the ongoing study. The 7th MP Election Poll said that from the survey of the people who voted for the House of Representatives (MPs) in all branches. Nationwide occupations over 18 years old Conduct a project to study both quantitative research and qualitative research with Net Assessment tools. The results of the Super Poll survey are different from other bureaus because they surveyed people who have mobile phones and those who do not. Of the 14,332 samples conducted between May 1 and 5, 2023, with a deviation of plus or minus 5% in the 95% confidence range, a majority or 75.3% or an estimate of a total of 37,431,819 voters would go to the polls, while 24.7% or an estimate of a total of 15,662,959 voters would not go to the polls. The Pheu Thai Party will get 139 seats, divided into 28 seats in 111 districts. The lowest 114 seats were the highest 164 seats, followed by the Proud Thai Party with 112 MPs, divided into 96 district MPs. List of 16 seats, minimum 87 seats and maximum number of seats 137 seats, 3rd place Progressive Party got 63 seats, District MPs 40 seats, List MPs 23 seats, minimum 38 seats and maximum number of seats 88 seats, 4th place Power Pracharath Party got 61 seats, District MPs 53 seats. List of 8 seats, minimum 36 seats and maximum number of seats 86 seats No. 5 Democratic Party got 49 seats, District MPs 44 seats, List MPs 5 seats, minimum number of seats 24 seats and maximum number of seats 74 seats, No. 6 Ruam Thai Build the Nation Party got 46 seats, District MPs 35 seats, List MPs 11 seats, minimum number of seats 21 seats and maximum number of seats 71 seats, No. 7 Other parties got 30 seats, District 21 seats, List MPs 9 seats, minimum number of seats 5 seats and maximum number of seats 55 seats. Even in the Northeast, where the Pheu Thai Party has ever been the highest. The results of this study turned out to be that the party has stepped forward as a divider, winning 20 seats in the Northeast region from the former Pheu Thai. After closing the chest, the Progressive Party's popularity has increased because of the policies that appeal to the new generation. The vote of the new generation poured into the Far Step Party as much as 60 percent, and the new generation who had previously chosen the Pheu Thai Party switched to the Far Step Party. From the policies and speeches that resonated but interestingly, the party joined the previous government. Proud Thai popularity comes as number 1, especially Mr. Anutin Charnvirakul, the leader of the party, who has a kind image and likes to help the sick. But the Power Pracharath Party and the Democratic Party's popularity has remained relatively stable compared to the previous poll. It was found that the popular vote of Mr. Anutin and Mr. Pitha was very close. Mr. Anutin leads by only 0.5. Voters found 30 percent ready to change their minds and 15 percent undecided, said Kriengsak Charoenwongsak, a senior scholar at Harvard University, USA. The president of the National Building Institute (NBI) said that based on the results of the opinion poll, Political monitoring and gambling in the political market also confirms the concept of 4 scenes that will be possible after the election.1. Conservatives To form a government, it will take 126 votes plus 250 senators to not exceed 376 votes, which will be possible in the final week of the election to see how strong the Conservatives will drive. If it is not strong, it loses 2. Pheu Thai Party is the leader to form the government. Based on the latest information The last week will have a big effect, but the chances of a landslide to form a one-party government are impossible, Mr. Kriangsak said, adding that the Pheu Thai Party may join hands with the Progressive Party to form a government and pull the Prachachart Party in. If you want to be stable or plus another party across the poles that is acceptable, but in personal opinion, it is difficult for the Pheu Thai Party to join hands with the far-reaching party. Because the Progressive Party will ride the party for Thailand very much. Negotiate too much for the ministry, and I can't stand it. I should go to another party. Of course, the Democratic Party with 12 votes and the cross-polar party. Small parties by leaving the far-right party to the opposition for their own benefit in the next election. The Progressive Party will be a major contender. If you join the government today, you will have to change it but today if the Pheu Thai Party sees it as the last war that will lead former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. Back home, it may take the far-right party to join, or it may be caught crossing the pole by having the other pole as prime minister so that Thaksin can return home. MPs and the dissolution of political parties, depending on the evidence and sensitivity before the election. If it happens after the election, the party can be moved. If the Liberal vote is awkwardly large, These things are likely to happen in Scene 4 if elected, then the party with the lead If the government is not formed, chaotic protests may occur. And it led to the release of soldiers. It all depends on the last week, the betting market will cause quite a lot of points deviations, and the bullets are just as effective as the flow. It is estimated that up to ten billion baht of ammunition will be used in all areas, but the distribution is not the same as every time, it is not the best distribution because of fear that the ammunition is not fully may give the crows first, or the head of the vote has already received the money and refused to distribute. Today it is a strategic issue. Conservatives made a mistake in allowing two ballots. At the same time, there is another problem of fishing in a friend's pond.
 Election 2556 : "Settha" reiterates ready to be the 30th Prime Minister, asks to choose "PT" for Land Slide|"Pae Thongtarn" Video Call Stage for Thailand in the Middle of Paragon Let's get the whole party vote for the county to slide. Beat 250 senators on "economics" Announced to be the 30th Prime Minister today (May 5, 2023) Ms. Paetongtarn Shinawatra, Pheu Thai Party's Prime Minister candidate, was surprised, appearing via video call to the speech stage "For the economy, for quality of life, for rights and freedoms, for Thailand" at Park Paragon, Siam Paragon, this evening. He listened to the speeches from the leaders and was very excited, that this election is very important because it will determine the fate of our democratic side. Pheu Thai Party as a political party that has always adhered to democracy. We offer a solution according to the tradition. Khlong Dhamma Democracy overcomes unfair rules, Ms. Paethongtarn said, "The policies of the Pheu Thai Party always think big. If we do not think big, we cannot live because of the problems of the country that people encounter today, causing brothers and sisters to not have a choice. There can not be a solution to make a living, we have problems in all dimensions. The more we have to do, we will paint a concrete picture. How will the Pheu Thai Party be elected as the government? If our policy is successful, the sooner the nation will improve, the sooner it will be, so if you choose for Thailand, let the country slide change immediately. Bangkok will become a metropolis full of opportunities, making life easier for all generations. Easier breathing PM 2.5 dust will be resolved immediately. Those who have children today are PM2.5. It is a real life problem, so I understand and want the Pheu Thai Party to be the government. Hurry to solve the problem for the people, Miss Paethongtarn continued, "In life, we feel a lot of pressure and friction that disrupts everyone's life. In order to earn money, we will be safer. Water and electricity bills will be lower, and we must be a drug-free country. In addition, there will be support from the state to pursue dreams from either 10,000 baht digital money or the minimum wage. You have to create a space where dreams can come true. Our children must reap the fruits of democracy that is about to take place on May 14, we will not reap the poisonous fruits of the coup. For Thailand, there is a clear position. Finally, we need This makes the needs of Thai people come true. Under the government of Thailand, May 14 is everyone's chance. Pheu Thai Party and elect their own district MPs. Don't get confused. The Pheu Thai Party is ready to serve the people wholeheartedly. Pheu Thai Party's Prime Minister candidate expressed his vision to the new generation on the topic of looking at the future of the new generation – looking at the future of the people of Bangkok. - And look to the future of Bangkok. Identify and feel sympathy for the new generation and people. Bangkok faces a biting crisis because of the rising cost of living, if Thailand becomes the government and becomes prime minister, what will be done is to solve the problems of the people's stomachs because there are heartless leaders who do not understand the people's hardships. Therefore, the announcement of the electricity bill must be done immediately. Point if the government Gen. Prayuth has done it a long time ago, Setha said, adding that the military is not the only profession that is patriotic. Military compulsion is a deprivation of people's rights. If for Thailand, if it comes into management. Children will not be forced to enlist in the military, and also addressed the issue of accusing people of "hating the nation" of feeling inferior in this regard. Suggestions must have a safe space within the legal framework for discussion. It is unacceptable that people come to tell their children who see different hatred of the nation and then come and kick them out. It is time to change the country and reiterate that it is the duty of the country's leader. To go out and negotiate internationally. Trading Matters Negotiate for foreign investors to invest in Thailand Which was discussed with the EU ambassador. IUU problems in which more than 40,000 fishermen can find 10,000 fishing boats have caused trouble to 100,000 households and he is confident that the 10,000 baht digital money policy will stimulate the economy. If it cannot be changed I don't think so, I have 30 years of experience in the business industry, building a leading company in the country, and being in an effective party since TRT People Power also lifted the 2019 elections, the Pheu Thai Party missed 17 seats, plunging the country into a black hole of poverty and asking for May 14, the day to return sovereignty to the people, and policies would be impossible. If the Pheu Thai Party does not win a landslide election, Ask the people to give the city a chance to choose a party for 2 feet to enter the booth for the Party for Thailand. Thailand changed immediately. Pheu Thai Party MPs alternately spoke on stage. By Miss Teerarat Sangwanich Talking about the quality of life of people in other provinces, upgrading the 30-baht card and the system of access to treatment for the people, Miss Jiraporn Sinthuprai Talk about the quality of life of urban people, Kong-Arkarat Nitipon talks about urban economy and Aom Skawjai Poonsawat talks about the new generation. The overall picture is to reiterate the party's 70 policies in nine areas.
Election 2023 : How to report a no-vote run from May 7-13 and May 15-21|The SAT reminds voters who are unable to go to the polls to report the reason why they cannot go to the polls. The pre-election period is May 7 – 13 and after the election – May 15 – 21, the Office of the Election Commission or the SAT has notified. Voters who are unable to cast their ballots on Sunday, May 14 and Early Election Day on Sunday, May 7 can report their inability to vote. The pre-election period is May 7 – 13, 2023 and after the election is May 15 – 21, 2023. Therefore, the SAT has informed the guidelines for reporting reasons for not being able to vote as follows:1. Voters who are unable to vote must report the reason for not being able to vote according to the form MP 1/8 or in writing which must at least provide their identification number. They must also inform them that they cannot vote for any reason by submitting to the district registrar or the local registrar that they are voters.2. The letter must specify the identification number and address as evidenced by house registration, which can be notified in person or assigned to someone else to submit on their behalf, or delivered by registered mail within 7 days before the election date from May 7-13, 2023 and May 15-21, 2023. Notification of absentee voting online via https://stat.bora.dopa.go.th/Election/abscause/#/main or www.ect.go.th website or Smart Vote application 1. There is an urgent need to travel to remote areas.2. Sickness and inability to travel to vote.3. Persons with disabilities or disabilities or the elderly and unable to travel to vote.4. Leaving the Kingdom and not requesting to exercise the right to vote outside the Kingdom5. Residents more than 100 kilometers away from the polls6. When the District Registrar or the local registrar receives a notification of the cause and considers that the reason given by the voter is not a reasonable cause, the voter shall be notified within 3 days from the date of notification or the voter who has been informed that the cause of notification is not a valid reason. The Provincial Election Director shall have the right to appeal to the Provincial Election Director within 30 days from the date of election and the Provincial Election Director shall consider the petition within 3 days from the date of receipt of the petition if he does not exercise his right to vote and does not notify the cause or report the cause, whichever is not appropriate. The law provides for the loss of certain rights as follows: The 5 restrictions are imposed for 2 years at a time from the date of the election, the time when the voter does not exercise his or her right to vote, and if the voter does not exercise his right to vote again in the next election, the time limit shall be counted. 2 New YearRelated News:Election 2023: Yellow-Orange-Red-Black Card Elections 2023: SEC issues reason for printing 4.9 million alternate ballots in 2023 election: to vote Election 2023: 7 Prohibitions on Ballots Violation of imprisonment-fine-revocation of voting rights 2023 : 7 procedure Pre-election voting in 2023: SEC sets award for election fraud report with "news value"
