title|content
"GDH" "You and Me and Me" will be released on February 9.|'GDH' Debut of the first romantic film of the year 'You and me and me' The directorial work of the twin directors 'Wanwaew–Waewwan Hongwiwat' and the first producer for others of 'Tong–Banjong Pisanthanakul' has created a courtyard in front of the auditorium. GMM Building IT IS A CLASSIC SHOPSPONSORED BY TON-BANJONG, PRODUCER AND TWIN DIRECTORS, EXPLAINING THE ORIGIN OF THE FILM AS WELL AS THE CASTING OF THE UPCOMING CAST. The leaf of po-thitiya Jirapornsilp, who has to play the role of twins Yu-mi, as well as the western hero who has to speak isan. Tony-Anthony Buiseret includes the role of the mother who came to Chipmunk–Supaksorn, who has been away from playing the movie for more than 10 years, and then performed a special song called 'Handkerchief' from Bo-Joyce Triumphs Kingdom, which draws patterns and choreography for the audience to scream and rock along 'You and Me and Me'. Movies that take you back in time "First Love" this February 9 in theaters.
"Nugger" gets hoops "Good Thachai" gets hit by tour down Put the brakes on relationships, stop at "siblings".|From the sweetest jin couple That many people keep an eye on the relationship between Keng-Thachai and Nukker-Krisakorn, the hero of Dr. Lam Isan NakhonSilp. Young Juniors Nugger has been hit hard by the drama, even writing a heavy attack comment. This caused the senior singer to ask for a resting dharma, met Nugger at the event "Doctor Lam Isan Nakhon Silp in the City" at the restaurant in love with Dao Shop, Five Intersection Ladprao, so I asked about the relationship with Keng-Thachai, how is Nukker said, "I am very worried about him. "I understand him and encourage him, and most of the time we talk to each other as brothers. He'll cheer us up, we'll encourage him. He'll teach. It is recommended that when we are with our brothers in the industry, rather than "Is he stressed about what happened?" He told us that if it's not okay, he's a brother and sister. I looked at him as a brother, and now he sees us as a brother, encouraging each other." "SPONSORED is not about the news that happened, so you have to go to the canon, right?" It's like we're a mu line, already doing merit," He said that after the New Year, he would go ahead and flirt with us, but when he found out about it, it forced him to keep his distance with us. He's still the one who introduced us. It's not bad for each other. It's not a distance or a throwaway. I'm still a helping or advising brother, so my brother and I need to see each other anyway. You have to work on a project, you have to make music together." "Yes, it doesn't affect the relationship that has to cut off the brother, or be apart from the good brother. "Yes, that's definitely going to stop the relationship going on to become a boyfriend. Not even that. Stop at the brothers," he agreed, "Let's stop." We talked to each other, we understood, we talked The people who support us, who take care of us. As for his talents, too, there are fans of his club who both like and dislike as well. We're all artists too, so we've got to put our fans first." Who decides to say first, "Agreed, most of the time I'll be his mentor because he's more mature than us, it's up to him." Let's get back to talking. Let's study. "It's possible because I don't have anyone, I don't have anyone, it's possible for both of us." If the fans don't like it, we won't be dating, "Not so much, in the future someday we have to have a family, have a girlfriend and get married. "Nugger has had the opportunity to talk to the fans about what happened, why should they attack him so much?" Yes, because for my part there is already a group of houses that love Nugker, will consult and talk, he understands, but most of the people who come across strong comments will not be fans. If you're a fan, we're a fan. He will understand us. He'll already know who we are. "We have a boundary for the fans not to go too far beyond him, SPONSORED"Yes, because he is more mature than us, we tell the fans to honor him. We're juniors, we have to respect the seniors," we like older or younger people, "No, let's just talk, chemistry, I'm ok. I don't think I have to be older or younger", "Good", "Let's just talk and understand, I'm ok. I haven't seen him very well lately, his job is very tight, he has a job almost every day, and he has a tight job too."
Ong Gewlin He revealed that he stopped working in the industry because he was sick after singing heavily for 8 years.|If you're going to mention the name of a famous '90s actor in the past, you have to have the name of Aon Gewlin, Cotland, one of the most famous and popular actors of that era. She's a talented actress, plays many roles, and is also a singer. When it reaches saturation point, plus there are health problems, Ong Gwelin He decided to take a break from the entertainment industry to take care of himself and start a new career that he saw as challenging for his abilities. Aon Gwelin is long gone, but fans still miss him, and the former actor-singer recently decided to return to the entertainment industry. With a return to the round of 15. Today, we had the opportunity to interview Aon Gwelin for the first time, I must admit that I am secretly excited to interview a very talented former actress. So we started interviewing a famous former actor who today has returned to play for his fans to think about why he is willing to accept the word to return to the play after a long absence. He told us, "In the past, there has always been drama. It is a drama of the old house Camp Kantana and is the doll brother Chitralada, which Aon used to inform about playing the first drama with the doll brother, so it is buried deep in the heart and in this drama Aon has to play 2 characters, if he comes back, I want to have something to play a little bit, not playing any role. It's back and it's time. Cane can arrange time, cane is the one who uses sense to choose a job. Look at the title, hear it, and feel it. I felt that the title was important and I asked to see the script, I knew why she gave this script to Ong (smiling) for work before I worked on a 1-week shoot 2 stories in a row, so I felt that my work would only read my own script, but when I was long gone, I thought about the same work. We still have a fire and this story is almost completely read, when it's fun to read, there's something that can't be put down, so I think it's going to be another story that's going to be a bang, it's something that a lot of people should be able to miss (smiling)." It's more emotional at the same time, and having to wear a mask for the whole movie, so there's a feeling that 2 characters have to play. There's a big difference, so if the director doesn't help us, there can be tension, but for this the director he helps, and the other actors help him to perform without stress. It's very stressful, but it's fun, crying, screaming like a madman. It was a lot of fun filming this drama (laughs). If you're stressed out with your child, you're relieved of the pile (laughs). Because you have to wear a mask, your facial expression can't come out. I have to send it out visually, I have to play with this, but I don't feel stressed, it's hard to play, but it's fun, it's emotional. Director "SPONSORED, but because it's Ong Gewlin, a former talented actor who can play a variety of roles. Is returning to playing with the younger generation a little tense? To which we get the answer to this question: "Ask if the people in the pile are tense. I can feel that there are people who are tense, but it's only in the early days because different people don't know each other, they have been away from the screen for a long time and haven't watched the drama yet, so I don't know who it is. Who is loud, I don't know. He didn't dare to talk to us, but he wasn't used to it. I have to admit that in the past, in the theater industry, when I was 30 years old, most of the time the mother role would come, which, if you ask deeply, if you look at real life, we don't have children, but the mother role comes very quickly. This is why not everyone sees it, but when we have children, it turns out that when we have to play motherhood. It's also about being a mom, so it's a pretty good transfer. As for the pressure from the fans. The play in which he waited to see the performance of Ong. I can tell you that this is not a pressure. Because I am confident that since choosing to play, believe that fans who wait to see Ong's work must be satisfied with this drama (smile) It is a drama that Aon chooses to leave because he believes that it is another drama that everyone will not forget. My first step in the entertainment industry is to become a singer, but no one knows. I made music but I didn't. No one knew about it when I was 15 years old, Jason Young was an artist before Ong, and I had to make his debut in that label. I'm going to promote it tomorrow, but I didn't go because the company was closed, so I threw a cane to cast a theater event. When there was drama, I played for a long time. I didn't dream of being a singer, so I asked to sing in every play. I was singing all the songs (smiling) until one day I went to a show where he invited me to sing, and then a music teacher called. I said I want to make music, I want to be a singer, I want to make music, I want to become a singer at the camp. He started out as a music teacher with Aon when he became a singer of his dream, which was his father's dream that he wanted to see Ong become a singer. He loves to sing, and he knows we're capable of this. But why didn't I sing it? I was disappointed the first time, but my mother wanted me to play, so I told my mom that it's been 8 years since I played for my mom, so I'd like to be a singer for my dad. When you were alive, you would sit behind your dad at a concert. When I had the opportunity, I wanted to make my dad's dream come true (smiling)." People are still asking when they'll be back in theater and singing again. To which we were answered, "Oh, I'm glad and surprised, I think people will forget about it. And this is another reason why I don't come back because I'm afraid people don't remember (smiling) is that I am a high-tech person, I don't play social media at all, so I think people will forget about it. His parents' generation, he remembered. But the younger generation probably doesn't know us, so I want to live in the present because we've been gone for so long. He may have forgotten about us, but when he realized that he hadn't forgotten and still missed, waiting for it to come back, it was very wow (smiling) like when he went to the show to sing over the wall, it surprised me with a very good response, which I wondered why people were so wow with us (smile). He's wowed at us, but deep down, I'm glad. He really didn't forget us, now go around, start to be remembered. But I don't want people to remember it. Because Ong is a highly private person, he asked if he regretted choosing to stop accepting a job in the entertainment industry and pursue another career. He didn't regret it, because he believed that the opportunity had come to him, and he grabbed it. "The reason why many 90s celebrities choose to stop accepting jobs in the industry must admit that over time, from playing the heroine, she has to gradually change the script. He told us, "Besides being a mother. Another reason why I stopped working was because I was sick with allergies after singing hard for 8 years was playing theater for 8 years. Can't do two things. I was singing, I lost my voice, I slept late, I woke up every morning like this, my body was bad, so I didn't accept theater work and just came to sing. When I went to the pub every night for 3 years, I finally had allergies plus there were new opportunities, and when I did, I started forgetting about my job in the industry. When there was drama, I was busy. When he didn't have time to go to the theater, he refused often, and he thought he couldn't take it anymore. "Because I entered the entertainment industry at the age of 15, playing theater, singing, doing this in a loop for decades, until when life had to stop everything, both as an actor and a singer. I don't have a break or anything to do. Things keep piling up and forth, so I do it in tandem, and when I play the play, I sing. When he sings, he runs a business, there's something else to replace it, so it doesn't stop him feeling, who sees the entertainment industry as unsustainable is his point of view, but for Ong, the entertainment industry never dies. But in the end, we can either stay or not, and if we can't do the screen, we can do it behind the scenes. But I didn't have the opportunity to do it there, but I did something else. When I finished singing, I had to get in the van, I couldn't walk anywhere, but when I got back to work in the industry, I felt that everything had changed a lot. Celebrities and fans are so close, I still feel that today's stars are as lucky as they were in our time. In the '90s, I asked if it was uncomfortable because I was a highly private person, so I didn't have to adjust anything, but the entertainment industry never dies, and it still has a charm to draw for many. People are always walking this path (smiling) and those who are still doing their duty with love. Someone who still works here because he has a passion for the profession. I still love this profession, but I just have the opportunity to start learning and doing something new. Today, it's back to playing the long drama again. It feels good and hopefully this drama will live on in the memory of many. Author : Chonticha PinijrobPhotographer : Chutimon Muangsuwan
Cherprang-Pupe-Namsai-before-6 years BNK48 from the first day to the separation date moved to grow.|Traveling as an artist for more than 6 years for 5 girls: Cherprang Arikul, Pupe Jiradapa Inthajak, Namsai Pichayapa. Natha, Previous Vadusiri Phuvapanyasiri, Piam Rinrada Inthaisong of BNK48, a famous female idol group from the first day of deciding to become a member of the 1st generation band until today, through various experiences, there were many smiles and tears, but their friendship remained strong and unchanged. Before almost the entire generation announced their graduation, only a handful of people still chose to continue with BNK48. When asked what it was like 6 years ago as BNK48, Cherprang said, "We started out with a band that didn't know what it was like, there were fans who followed from the sister band AKB48 in Japan. "The band has been through a big peak for a while, but I'm glad that so many fans want to come back and see us." It's nice to be a part of each other's lives. I'm so glad to see you. Whatever brings us together is the best," Namsai said, adding, "It's like we got a big gift from Santa Claus, we first entered the band, we didn't know which direction to go, but first of all, we were all good friends. There is no one who is a bad person, it is a cute person, when the cookie song booms, it feels like a gift again, it feels ok, we have a reputation, everything increases, the fans, the whole team, the work that comes in, but it's exhausting. Love comes with hate, it feels like we've been fighting together for so long. When we got to the point where we had to disperse and grow, I felt very attached, felt that if there was a clutter to each other, it would be connected to each other (smiling)." She's not there, she's lonely, it's just (smiling)." Seriously. Because we're the first generation, or like the roadshow, we have to be MC itself, no one has ever been an MC. We ourselves also grow. All of you are growing up too, so let's borrow the phrases that you say. In 6 years we love each other. Happy to be together. We didn't know how much we loved each other until the day we separated." "Jiwaru DAYS is a song that tells us the feelings that are slowly forming up, whether it's love or bonding, which Pupe says, "It's a song that says we know we're going to have to leave one person, we want him to be with us, but we know we can't, but we'll be watching. "It's a warm reunion of BNK48, the 1st generation, and I don't talk much, but when we get together, we talk a lot, how long apart we are. "Because most of the 1st generation wants a dress that looks like a princess, so it's ok, and then there's a diamond, and I tick it up, put it on and fight the fire, radiate beautifully, so I chose white and diamond, it looks like an angel, a princess, an aura, a diamond." We follow our hearts quite a lot, too. MV too, everything is called the company as it wants to give us gifts. Thank you for listening." Before sharing about the concept, he said, "When I first heard the concept, we got to the point where we told the story of our life in BNK48 for the past 6 years, like everything was included in the MV. I asked if I could see everything. It's not just a sentiment, it's really Jiwaru. At first I was scared to watch MV and cry. I hope everyone who watches MV feels the same way about us." "99% of fans should be crying, at least with tears, and all the fans feel like we're connected, feeling lost, listening to music, watching MV and feeling like we're back in our early years at school, still bright, growing, graduating," Cherprang added. "We've lived for a long time, many fans haven't gone to college until now, some of them don't have children, until they get married and have children, we're shocked too, many people love us like grandchildren, it's a bond. "Before I announced my graduation, I thought my next goal was to continue my studies, but before I graduated, I thought I wanted to try it in the entertainment industry. I've talked about it. Ask if you can reveal it. Anyway, wait and see, it's something that I haven't done yet," and Piam said, "I have a dream of becoming a streamer, I'm going out to play games. Asked how much I liked it, it was like there was a time when there were no classes and farms day and night. My favorite games are Gundum Evolution and Genshin Impact. As for the industry work, please contact me. "I really want to go to college, but I'm in the process of applying for a scholarship, because the budget is not that much, before I can apply for a scholarship, I can work first, I can hire (laughs), I want money to study, I want to study in France, the cost of living is very high, we will go to study internationally, if not France, then look at England or America, but now there is no budget. I want to study wine maker because I studied food science. He made us like this, so I couldn't fault applying for this field. When I graduated, I wanted to go deeper into this and we had passion, so I wanted to learn," Pupe jokingly replied, "I want to win the lottery (laughs)." I used to choose numbers for my dad when I was a kid, and it was never one (laughing so hard). I couldn't make the right choice once. Ask what you want to be. I want to be rich without work (laughs). I want to sleep, but now I can hire because I am not rich now, I want to get money to buy lottery tickets (smile). "He can do it all behind the scenes," he added, "he can be a project manager. I've done concerts, I've been a producer, I can translate songs. You can write a blog. It's easy to do 1 band, you can hire one," Pupe continued, "Yes, I want to do a band, I can hire me, I can do it all, but I can hire a lot of money. But the most important thing is that I want to be rich in the lottery, I want to win the 1st prize." "If I win the lottery, it's good (laughs), but I feel that the opportunity is very small, so I think that I am working hard, I still work hard as before, I have an acting career, this is still the main goal during my 2 years of work, if in the future the goal is really big is to have my own house that is in peace, plant trees, but cher's will continue to work on BNK48 for a while. Pupe teases that when he meets Cher, he turns off his phone. When I called, I closed up. She laughed and said, "It's not that long, it's been a long time, we haven't talked about each other often." Pupe said, "As a group of people who don't see each other very often, except for the clear water, which we see very often, so I feel that when I came to work on this single, I felt nostalgic for the old days when I was still on the same team, playing together, even though I wasn't the same age, but when I came back to work together, we were still close, we talked about everything, it felt like a real family.  According to events (laughs) Most of the time, we met when we were doing singles to get together, but later Cher didn't get on stage with the kids, so I missed the theater. Stage As for the clear water, you will find it at the tower, it is a gang eating in front of the TV, it will be another person who eats in front of the TV late at night, but meets mainly when working. At the meeting, he was a trusted person. If there's anything that's already assigned, give it a little time to submit, but if not, assign it still doesn't (laughs), but trust it. Good responsibility, excellent team care with 2 sweet eyes, clear water will be a lot of chitchat. I talked a lot when I ate, it was Mount Moy 1 person, and when I had a game to play, I wondered if I could play the game. Before I made an MV scene, I used to do Matsuri together," before immediately saying, "No. 1 about the scene, I can hire, I can do MV, I can do the foreground behind the scenes. You can do it all (smiling)." Everyone teases that it's not really hot at all, and then the clear water reveals the impression, "Thanks to the captain for working so everything, because the stage is him who takes care of it. MV is like he's a head. For me, being a captain is not easy, it is very difficult, it is not about putting yourself or your friends at the set. It's about getting the big picture, and I feel like he's very good at taking a step back and looking at the big picture. He's very good at managing everything to make it clear. It's a feeling of appreciation that we're like growing up together. We started at zero together. As we grew older, we grew older. We see more potential for our friends. I feel proud, I feel like he's very good and fit for the position he's been given. I rarely meet because I'm on a different team, but I'm the same gang, but I rarely talk to each other because of different teams, but I'm two lovely friends. As before, there is always something to consult because it is a very calm person. She is very cute, she is always with her and she is very loving. Today it's pink, full of love." "My thing is that we'll be together a lot in the beginning, going to be kids trying to get in with my brothers, and I don't play with them (laughs). Because since Brother Cher is the captain, we will be afraid, will eh, can we do it (laughs)?" During the bad times, there was a clear water brother to help pull it up. My brother and I went to the theater together. I'm excited to see you every time. Seriously. At first I didn't think I would be that bonded, but when I actually put it in, it was. I think it's like being alone, but the truth is not alone. I have a lot of friends," came to the moment before talking about some of my friends, "I started talking to each other when we were doing my concerts. I was the one who helped make the VTR, started talking more, seeing more different angles of pee pee, until today we feel that this is pee pee. As for Brother Cher, I feel that every time I get to be with Brother Cher. Having Brother Cher is like having a pillar of the house. I feel comfortable every time, like I have a mother, and the clear water is the same gang, it's a confession gang, I always love you. As I wrote to (smiling), I'm a little spoiler about whether or not to stop being friends, stay together forever (smile) and I'm the only Oshibe partner. I'm so glad that every time I meet you on the team," Cherprang concluded, "Everyone will have different moments of relationship. Seriously, work together. Maybe there's something to learn, through moments where we may not be satisfied with everything, but understand each other, grow and learn from them. There's already a lot of dissatisfaction at work. Perhaps disagreements make us learn. There's a certain aptitude that I know instinctively"We let the five girls talk about the fans they've been following over the years. At this event, Shepprang quickly asked her fans, "Are you more beautiful?" Before telling them to take a look from the first profile to the present, but there were people who said not to look at it, Cherprang continued, "We've improved." Change your hairstyle somewhat. As for makeup, everyone is better. There used to be fans who used to go to make faces, but the truth was that they used makeup to help, and then Cherprang said, "But taking care of yourself has changed quite a lot, so I want to ask the fans if we look better, better, grow. He should be proud, happy with our changes, but the other thing we feel is his ability to remember the poses. Any rehearsal is speeded up. In the past, 1 song took 2-3 months, now it is 1 day, one night miracle (smile), maybe it's about that, because the work makes us have to do that," he added. "This is something that has changed so clearly that we're still amazed." Hopefully, it will continue to grow, a space where people who come in to learn, to grow and work here, just like we did," he said. Have a feeling with us. Look at MV and cry with us. When we sing, we share feelings. He's probably really attached to us, we're also attached to the fans. When you go to an event, there will always be fans cheering, so it would be lonely without them." We do it today and we want our supportive fans to be more proud of us. I've always said I want everyone to be proud of being a BNK48 fan. Do everything with all your attention and attention so that everyone can be proud of both themselves and us. I hope everyone is proud," he finished, before saying, "I feel like I've seen fans who initially followed us for a while and then disappeared because of the changing times. Everyone grows up. Everyone has their own job. When we had a special single, it started coming back to us. Some of them came back specifically for the event, and I'm grateful that the fans are still coming to us. Thank you so much for allowing us to be a part of everyone's lives."
Gina The Face reveals slimming formula after showing off her beautiful body that fans want tips|It's called standing one pretty puppet story, another chopping of the entertainment industry. For model-actress Gina Viraya Pattarachokchai or Gina the Face, no matter what dress you wear, you will always look beautiful. Make your fans want to know the secrets to making your body beautiful. VERY THIN WAIST SPONSORED LATEST GINA VIRAYA Post IG Stories gives fans an opportunity. Asked a question, a fan asked how to lose weight, to which Gina replied, "I won't eat dinner, but I want you to exercise 3 days a week, 1 hour at a time. I can understand why Gina looks so beautiful all the time. @ginaa.24
The Sword Of The Beau Chakpan Suspended after social media drama|After the young actor Beau Chakrapan Putta faces a serious scandal surrounding his ex-girlfriend who is a novelist until #บิวจักรพันธ์ It trended on Twitter and the camp came out to acknowledge the issue. Before asking for time to judge what happened. Let's hear the story from both sides first. "The announcement of the suspension of Mr. Chakrapan Putta, in addition to the previous announcement regarding the investigation of the dispute between Mr. Chakrapan Putta (Bu) and Ms. Pornchanmon Theosucharoen (Poi), B on Cloud Co., Ltd., would like to inform you generally of the Company's resolution to suspend Mr. Chakraphan from all work and activities, provided that Mr. Chakraphan will be suspended indefinitely. The suspension will take effect until the dispute is resolved and a definitive conclusion is reached. If the Company has any further guidelines regarding this matter, it will notify the public at a later date as soon as possible. Thank you very much for your understanding, and Be On Cloud Co., Ltd. apologizes again for any uneasiness that may have caused to fans and the general public. Chakrapan has now shut down social media including Twitter and Instagram.
Lily is all if refreshed. How many people do you have in the media?|It's a very loving sibling pair for young country singer Jenny, if refreshed, or Rush Nok. Suwanket and Lily have run out if refreshed or Neeranath Chen laem, because if anyone follows these 2 siblings will see the moment of love and care for each other the most, but the latest clip that made fans even like when 2 siblings tease each other in pain and make a disgusted gesture. PUT EACH OTHER ON THE SIDE OF THE COUPLE'S PHOTOSSPONSORED BY JENNY, IF REFRESHED, MADE A DISPLEASED EXPRESSION ON LILY'S SISTER'S PRETTY FACE, AND LILY PUT HER FINGER POINTED AT JENNY'S CHEST BEFORE ASKING IF THIS WAS REAL MILK. Immediately, he said, "Yes, the cheering crowd is loud. As for the sisters, they can only gnash their own teeth, but this work, Lily, does not stop. Q. Jenny, how many people did you tell me you had? After the clip was published, there were fans of Jenny and Lily who commented on teasing the 2 sisters that they teased each other cute.
Rewind the doctor's prophecy as accurately as you can see, have warned before, Buu Chakrapan unfolded|It's a shock to the young actor of the famous Y series, Buu. Chakrapan Putta has been attacked by a woman who claims to be her ex-lover. Dating in the middle of Twitter It has become a hot topic in the social world and has become a trend on Twitter since the end of last year. The A4 fortune teller has warned people in the entertainment industry, and one of them is the unfolding of the predicted thairath entertainment online that in 2023, in terms of being unfolded, it is possible. There are already criteria, there may be opportunities to be male celebrities or celebrities, there will be bad actors who may go to do something and cause a bad image, so if you are going to do something, you need to think carefully before doing it, especially for children who are not yet 30 years old. 
Prawn Gem Launched as a member of the Thai Sriwilai Party, thank you to the MP for giving him the opportunity.|It's become a hot topic. When actress Kung Ploy Kanittarin Patcharapakdeechote or Tik Big Brother He decided to become a member of the Thai Sriwilai Party, which has a famous MP such as Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon or MP Te as the leader of the party, which on Instagram @mama.veeji Kung Ploy posted a framed photo with TE MP and wrote a short caption: "Thank you Khun Te for giving me the opportunity." With fans coming to comment, such as bang, mommy, sign up for congress or what, no matter what you do. I wish you all the best. If you can, I want you and your brother to come back as a family. I'm glad you're back as a family, I wish you all the best, I'll be back with you, I'll be back with you, Mr. Te posted a framed photo with prawns as well, and wrote the caption, "Prepare. Launched Tik Big Brother as a member of the Thai Sriwilai Party." This event has attracted many netizens to express their opinions, but what is the reason why Kung Ploy decided to enter politics?
Ingfa Answer after having the name Ew Primaya Send encouragement Next, get a job, need to check more.|It is still of interest to many. People for Mae's story Primaya Dietary supplement owners Under the brand name PRIMAYA, the accused was arrested by the Nonthaburi Provincial Court. For the offence of fraud or deception. Log on to the computer. False computer information that is likely to cause damage to the public. After using false statements The solicitation claimed to have invested 6,000 baht for 3 months and received 15 million baht. For Miss Grand Thailand like Ingfa Varaha recently attended the launch event as the first presenter for VIV SKIN, a Thai herbal cosmetics brand NO.1 of Jui Waratya and Put Puttichai, at VIV SKIN GRAND CELEBRATION 2023 at Central World Live, 8th floor, Central World. As for the issues that arise, Fah is encouraging Brother Mae, let's get it through, and the legal matter has to be proved. This is probably not going to be intrusive. On the issue of primaya sponsored, how does this affect us?, it really doesn't have any impact as far as I know, because we are presenters. There's a lot of CEOs, and it's a brand, like I said, it's a bra, it's about women, but in the business that's the issue, it's encouraging for him. (Afraid of being called to testify?) I'm not afraid, because we're already convinced that we're going to get a job. We scrutinized well when our names came out in the news, shocked that we were hit again? I'm not shocked, I think I'm used to it. I think that after this, that is already a lot, maybe even more, for the peace of mind of the fans, how long is this contract?probably 1 year, which is still now. It wasn't removed, because on the presenter's part, it didn't have any impact.
The young hero is unfolding, making a pregnant girl. Women have miscarriages due to stress. Men don't want children.|The stories of people in the entertainment industry continue to heat up. Some of the things that have just happened have not yet been cleared to clear the minds of netizens, there are new things happening and keeping netizens busy. Non-resting type And the latest thing that happened in the entertainment industry. I'd say it's a girl's mouth again, because there's a young woman who has to say that the profile isn't ordinary. The actress admitted that she was pregnant with the actress, had a miscarriage due to stress, and that the man did not take the child. I think these stories will only be in fiction to read to enhance the taste, but where can it be in real life, want to tell, want to warn, think about coming to life. If you have a reputation and money in the entertainment industry, you should be good at it, do not have a history of corruption, because if you have already entered and been unfolded, it is said that the chances of returning to society are quite difficult.
Patricia Revealing life after marriage, never thinking of being single at the age of 25, answering clearly whether or not to have a child|Became a guest on channel 3's "3 Zap" show. Good reveals his love for a young hi-so, note, magic, rangsi singhpipat. When the host Af Thaksorn Asked if he ever thought he wanted to get married at the age of 25, Pat replied, "I really want to get married early, I'm someone who, if I'm in love, I want to get married, but I don't think 25 really really aims to be 25." Pat said: "It's quite the same, we've lived together, we've been together a lot, it's been a lot of adjustments, it's almost the same, it's still going back and forth with my family because I don't want to break it. EVERYONE," THE SPONSORED ASKED, "HOW DO YOU TAKE CARE OF EACH OTHER? Pat replied, "I'm as caring as I am, I'm trying to take care of each other wherever I want to (laughs) because he's a lot older than me, he's even more caring for me. Ask if you can make a side dish. She is very good at cooking, and every time she comes to the house, she buys meat to make tomahawks. I'm more of a handmaid, I want to do it, but I can't. He did things fast, so I was an assistant. Very lucky." Ask what is the most adaptable subject. Pat said, "If it's the most, it's probably air-conditioned. He likes to live in the cold, but I'm a cold guy. He snored very loudly. He likes to turn on the lights. I watch TV when I sleep, but I like dark and quiet things, so we adjusted it all here, so we told you what you did. We can sleep. What can't be done? Feeling guilty like a mount (laughs). The air conditioner was cold, it was resistant to wearing socks. He's sleeping very cold," Aff asked his sister-in-law. What advice does Arya have? Pat said, "I don't know what to talk about, but I believe that in the future, if anything, I'll have to consult." I don't know if I should or shouldn't (laughs), but it's exhausting to be happy." He wants to do this, he wants to work harder. When asked if there would be a man, Pat replied, "When will you tell me you want to have a man or a woman? Pat laughed before saying, "It's called natural release." The protagonist, who worked with Patricia in the drama "The Best of Hearts", teased, "It's not a show anymore, maybe there's good news." PATRICIA LAUGHED BEFORE SAYING, "WAIT, IF THERE'S A TIME, I'll tell you for sure." DJ Put teases, "Yes." This work, the young man even cried out. Before DJ Put said jokingly. Aff asked if she wanted to have twins like her mother, Patricia. Still thinking and saying, "Let's take care of nature first, let's see if one person is tired, this is to take care of 2 people at the same time, it should be very heavy".
Beautiful, stunned, Anna, the strong aura hitting the shoulders of the world's celebrities. At Fashion Week|It's a beautiful international chop for famous influencer Anna Vrinthorn, the only LGBTQ person in Thailand who made her debut at Paris Fashion Week spring/summer 2023. Kylie Jenner, Dojakat, and many celebrities at the event, Anna Vrinthorn. Fully dressed in branded suit dresses. Schiaparelli shared a message on her personal Instagram account, stating, "Congratulations Schiaparelli Amazing every season".
"Oat-Bam Bam" The most embarrassing scene of "Mrs. Khoi" is exciting both on and off screen.|Take a break from the mystery. In the drama "Kehasn Nang Khoi" from New Angle Camp that is airing every Monday - Tuesday at 8.30 pm on Channel 7HD press 35, although Pinri, played by Bam Bam Nasommon Niyomdecha and Dip, played by Oat Ratthir Warrojyothin, loves to fight all the time they meet, but actually the couple secretly has a heart for each other without realizing it. Pinri (Bam Bam-Nazmon) complains along the way, and dips into having to peck Pinri to stop talking. Kannakket) and Kak (Christy Louis Namwong) are also giggling together in the back of the car. Pinri kept his mouth pinched in his hand, causing him to take his eyes off the road to look at Pinri's face. Suddenly. The roadside tree fell down and cut off his face, he shouted loudly, turned to see the tree smashing down, hurriedly broke the head of the car to brake suddenly, the two girls behind the car screamed. Pinri unknowingly dodged into the dipper's chest. The dip feels great. The other hand wrapped her arms around Pinri with concern. They both made eye contact, as if the world had stopped spinning, forgetting the danger in front of them. Pinri quickly took herself out of her chest and acted as if she wasn't feeling anything. Behind the scenes, the team had to use wheels to drag the tires again so that they could be pushed together. During rehearsals, the sudden brakes on the car made Bam Bam girl really prick her face until Oat broke out of giggles because she couldn't catch it. Oats was worried about Bam Bam, so he tried to keep his hands from pricking his face again. Until the two girls, Nikita and Christy Louis, who were sitting in the back of the car, even had to tease Oats, "Take care of Bam Bam, don't take care of us," they both smiled shyly. There's also whispers that the pair are secretly working on a special project together to thank their fans. And don't miss this fun in this drama on Tuesday, January 24th, and follow "Khehasn Nang Khoi" every Monday – Tuesday at 8.30 pm on Channel 7HD press 35 and Facebook Live : Ch7HD or watch it back on BUGABOO.TV All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
"Auntie's Apartment" creates new song "God of The Cold Land" to MV Fantasy World|"No one is greater than the coffin lid" is one of the latest songs "God of The Cold Land" at Khun Pa's Apartment Band by members Tul Vaithoonkiat, Piynat Choticsatien, Kant Rujinrong, Phukan Sansuriya, Thasruek Limsila. Intended to be conveyed through the rock and roll spirit that led them to nearly two decades for "God of The Cold Land," a hard rock track with live recording, veteran sound engineer Michael Ross oversaw the recording process. The song talks about a bleak city in the apocalypse, and involves AI or artificial intelligence in the music video through programs and lyric data keys to create a landscape for the music video to see the essence of a cool city beyond imagination. Frog Bore, music video director Using images of cold and tropical cities to develop into a motion graphicSPONSORED by Aunty's apartment, he said, "We don't really know who masterminded our lives, we may not have free will, we may just be artificial intelligence manipulated from outer space."
Janie poses in a stunning sitting position, her bottom is short, fans are very muscular in her legs.|It's getting bigger every day. For the bawdy heroine. Janie Alpachan at Pom Phet, despite being a mother of one, is still beautiful. The slim figure is very thin because he intends to take care of his diet and exercise regularly. To exercise hard, but the latest good health. Janie made her fans melt, couldn't breathe all over her stomach anymore with the latest set of photos in a coffee dress at the café in the morning, with the bottom part short, and posed so much that she could see beautiful thighs, showing off her beautiful legs, seeing the leg muscles very clearly, and wrote the caption "Good morning"SPONSORED. Good body, beautiful legs, impeccable mom, what do you take against me, etc.SPONSOREDT@janienineeleven
"Patricia!" I don't admit it, but I don't deny that I'm pregnant. Plan to have a good baby (video)|Ready to take on screen with another challenging role of the young heroine, Patricia. Good in a full-fledged drama "The Best of Hearts" on Channel 3 opposite the hero Put-Puttichai Real Life Girl Patricia is ready to have a full heir and wait for the chance to win. Q Pat, how did you get started with the drama? "It's my first time working with Pee Phut, and it's a new camp. This drama is very human. We love the mellowness of this story. The cutest, the most lovescene since playing. This chapter fights people, a modern woman, a doctor-level talent. There are quite heavy knots so I have to prove myself, and then take revenge", the love scene directed to improvise first? "He told me to play the script, but when I played it, he said no. We came for 2-3 days and found a love scene, still shy, but full, I want to make it go through quickly, luckily the director, we briefed him because he used to direct the hood, but everyone doesn't have to panic, it's a Korean feel, romantic"SPONSORED, how do you talk to Puth? "We talked about trying it out, but luckily my brother and I weren't wild, but romantic, it was a gentle love, a guy in a cute story, a fuss, a hug, a fuss, a kiss on the cheek. I love you so much, "No, he already knows how, if something is not ok, we don't do it anyway, we have our limits, and the picture is cute, not like, oh, we can't do it (laughs). I never asked for it, I believe he never watched a play, but we would show it. I never asked for it, but I know my limits." "I really want to keep watching, it's our work, I want to see what we do, I'm proud of it, it's a role that we're full of, like the adults on the channel tell Pat to play more thoroughly, I want it to get better every time. I'm really glad people saw the teaser and liked it. It's like we've got a role that's ripped. People would like to see Pat play something other than clear." "I was shocked too (smiling) and I kept doing it, and I saw that it was missing quite a lot. He said he didn't delete it permanently, it just stored it, maybe he didn't see it in public, and then he said it was a new chapter, married and just looking to the future. He said this (smiling) and we felt good about him and looked serious about his future or our marriage." Look crazy, love so much? "Take care of me as well, I'm together, I see you almost every day, now I'm happy that I deleted the picture in my instagram, I just want to make it clear that I'm focused on another part of my life, and then get married and focus on the future. Don't look at the past"Do you feel that he cares more about us than before the wedding? I love you, I still love you, I want you to be like this for a long time, I want you to work hard, he wants us to have something of our own, we will be proud, but I just want to be ready." Luckily, there's just a love game being filmed, probably off camera around April. If you come at all, it's good. Happy "Are you here now?" Pat wants it, Pat has been releasing it since October last year. My friend will warn me since I proposed marriage that having children is not easy, than I am worried, but I am more worried than Pat because he is very old. "I don't really want to be sure, but people say that the first 3 months of pregnancy are high. If after that, the chances of it will be less." "I haven't checked it yet, so I'll tell you, but I'm a good eater. If anyone can see it as nourishing, it's fine. Back to look, we were never skinny women. I'm a cheeky guy all the time"SPONSORED, CAN YOU SAY FULL MOUTH THAT I'm not pregnant right now?", ouch! I'm going to go back and think about it (laughs) and I'll clarify. Give me some time to make sure it's perfect, "Do we need to prepare for the study? "Pat believes it will come naturally, everything that comes in, it's another part, it's another role that we have to learn. The main thing is that it doesn't affect the work, is it enough? "There's always communication. I don't want him to be surprised, April turns off the camera, everything...(laughs) Let's guess that's it. "I haven't watched it yet, we just know that people say it's really a very good year. We never watched it. Ask if you believe it, if someone wants to believe it, but don't hold the trick, you have to see what you see, if you come, we are very happy. Win together I'm planning on this year..."
Ice Apisada takes Leia to see the sea Netizens are very focused on postpartum motherhood.|After Miss Ice Apisada Ganges Group Birth of first daughter Leia On Jan. 10, 2023, amidst the congratulations of family members, friends, adults, close friends, and fans, they congratulated the actress. Ice Apisada reveals a cute moment When I took Leia to see the beautiful sea view, my daughter fell asleep. He posted a picture with his beloved daughter and wrote the caption "Bring Léa to sunset, but she's only asleep." Many people are amazed by the figure of ice mother who has just given birth for only 2 weeks, but the figure is still very beautiful and radiant as before, such as not knowing how to look at the baby's face or being stunned with the figure of the mother after giving birth. Mommy, mommy, mommy, she's as beautiful as ever. Leia can't fall in love anymore, etc.
Dew Arisara unfolded 4 baht, fled the country, and handed it over to the Thai police.|Come out and smash it in full swing again. For the mother-of-one, Dew Arisara, a pure gold, who previously posted the unfolding of her 4-year-old siblings at a big gambling house, also revealed that she did it because she wanted society to change recently. Dew Arisara then unfolded again. He wrote on his personal Facebook page: "4 B. fly all over the country! Wait for the story to be cleared and fly back to life... Note* Police officers can take up to 15 days off work, and police officers have been on leave for 10 days. Good trip! Non-police Police who don't have to work The policeman who drove the Lampo to work. Uh-oh, that's great. Trust in the Thai police (who are not this person) society waiting and following".sponsored
Unfolding male star towards the star tweet Shoot nude shows Life changes in the blink of an eye. The netizens snarled.|Opened in the first month of the golden rabbit year. Our home entertainment industry has never rested. There are stories for fans to follow all the time, which includes both good stories as well as negative news that has been released recently, entertainment journalists such as Tao TV Pool have come out again. The message was posted on his personal Instagram account, the story of a male actor who turned himself into an online showrunner, which reads, "From movie star to tweet star. Life has changed direction to nude photography, gold and cactus inlaid with diamonds, who is he?" At this event, netizens are gradually starting to come in and do their homework.
Immediately enlightened. Tukki 10 posts We have a chance to see the true element. When useless|It's another entertainer who always makes fans laugh. For female comedians Tukky Sudarat Phonamkham or Tukky Ching Roi Ching Lan. It's been a long time since I've seen her post the latest quotes or thoughts. Tukky has posted a picture with 10 captions. The message reads, "People will have the opportunity to see the true element when they travel together for at least 3 days.• See when they are angry • See how they treat people who are useless to them• • When he gets what he wants• When we are useless to him• When we stop being submissive. Stop indulging, stop "facilitating" him. • When we ask for help When taking collective responsibility• When money is involved• When we look at him with "consciousness", not "passion"#ตื่นค่ะซิส #ตัวจริงของเธอ".SPONSORED
Video of Nus sitting and crying Why do people like to scold luck? Extinguished because of my wife (video)|I don't know what happened. In the video, the singer posted a clip of his wife, Nas Jutharat, sitting on her back and crying, and said something in her heart. I cried and said, "Why scold him first?" At this event, Luck comforted his wife, "It's something we can't explain to anyone," before Nus continued, "The truth is, I know how much we have to fight." At this event, Luck and Float said comforting Nuss, "Well, other people don't know this. You don't have to sing anymore. The mistake is just starting over, mom," Nus Juttarat cried and continued, "He's fighting, no matter what. Why did he have to be scolded alone? In spite of the fact that he knows how much he fights," before Chok replied to his wife, "Why are you crying, and what can you say, who will believe it?" Always protecting and fighting with me. Today, I've been scolded and aggravated by everyone. The person who everyone says is good, the mouth is good, he sees this, he has a weak angle as well. Stop scolding. Stop aggravating. That's hard enough. Who doesn't get hit like this, there's no way to understand what the two of us have been through, some days crying dozens of times a day. No one sees this angle at all. Everyone only saw a bad angle, not our cuteness, so it only aggravated each other, but this time me and Nas really couldn't take it. Stop scolding, stop aggravating us".
Nawat clearly said the reason for not taking beauty queen 2 stages as loud. Tired of being alluded to and snatched PD.|After it became a hot topic. When the Miss Grand Thailand pageant led by Nawat Isarakraisorn issued new rules for miss grand thailand contestants in all 77 provinces, the pageant division sent a letter to each province. The letter clearly stated that from now on, there will be no recruitment of contestants from Miss Universe Thailand from 2022 onwards and Miss Thailand from 2023 onwards, as well as contestants of Miss Thailand in 77 provinces. Nawat came as a guest on the show "Celebrity Sit Clear". He gave an interview to the media about the issue and made it clear that the reason for not accepting beauty queens from the famous stage was because he was tired of being hit and did not want to get in trouble with anyone. When we go to the Miss Universe Thailand stage, we should interview the contestants, but after a while, we have a system of 77 provinces in the other stage, and we feel that there are 77 provinces in the other stage, and we feel that there are 77 provinces in the other stage, and we feel that there are 77 provinces in the next stage, and we feel that there are 77 provinces, everyone can do it, but accidentally there is a contact with us all the time. We have a feeling that we want to be ours. We created it with difficulty, we didn't want to hurt each other, so we decided that wherever the beauty queen was going to contest the Miss Grand stage, we stated that if we went to these 2 stages, we wouldn't accept it, but that doesn't mean all. There are many other stages in Thailand. It's just that we're tired of being hit by a concussion, being used in raw materials that are too close." "I have to admit that the Miss Grand stage is the most obvious stage. In this case, we made it clear that we wanted to be alone. We don't want to be associated with anyone, especially the two stages that we've announced, because lately we think we're investing and we're doing a lot of work and some people say we've come up with rules to force women to have some choice. We're not saying don't go. Some people can say it. We never said no, but we said you could go to two stages, or you could choose us. It's not that we're banned from choosing, we're a company too, we have the right to choose what we want. You have the right to choose the stage you want. I think it's fair enough, but to give everything to accept, to be patient, to be percussive, to be concussive, whether it's sponsorship. The judges invited us to sit down and scold us, and then 77 provinces came to sit and contact our PD, and the beauty queen looped like this, we were bored because the stage we were able to get into the beauty pageant trend. Even if he was eliminated, we spent almost 77 people together, it was a loop like this, we didn't want to be involved. Simply put, I'm bored, "Why these 2 stages?" The other stage doesn't have anything. Inviting a net idol to be a director I was supposed to talk about interviewing the beauty queen who qualified, but instead got up and scolded me. Even if I don't say the stage name, I know who to scold, and I think it's not fair, right? We should hurry to ban or ban it, but instead it's the joy and joy of the stage owner or the other judges. SEE US AS MISS GRAND ENTERTAINMENT ARTS OR WHATEVER, SPONSORED, WHICH FRANKLY SAYS WE'RE BORED. Honestly, I'm bored. I don't want to mess around and I don't like that the 77 provinces contacted Miss Grand's PD, so I had to rule that PD should not be involved. It must be understood that Miss Grand has been around for 11 years and the provincial system has been around for 8 years. Anyone who is good or has a beautiful beauty queen has the status or flexibility to organize a good pageant. Of course, it's a goal for everyone, but I want everyone to respect what we create. Anyone can create their own. There's nothing good about getting someone else's stuff. But if we build ourselves, it will be with us forever. I want everyone to learn about this kind of culture, not that anyone wants to be as good as him, and we emphasize that the Miss Grand stage is only for democracy. Annoyed for a while, I decided. We won't tolerate anything anymore because we're doing everything we can to improve us, we're in our box. Since Miss Universe changed owners, we are no longer focused on competing with other stages. We will protect our grand treasures from anyone bothering us so much. But if anyone is going to come in, we're going to tell them to stop there. Because we're going to be the grand who we really are. From now on, we take care of ourselves harder"From now on, will it be issued in writing to PD and the contestants?". That's it, as already announced, PD has already announced. The beauty pageant that will be contested has already been announced, if anyone has passed these 2 stages. PD is prohibited from being accepted as a contestant in that province. If you see or know it, you can waive it immediately, but if PD intends it, you are guilty. As an ineligible person to cooperate, "Can PD send a beauty queen to those 2 stages?" (P.D., we are also concerned about our PD, right?) Yes, everyone cares about anyone's treasure, like Phuket, this was created since I never thought of making a beauty queen, but in the end, I saw many stages as well. That's enough, it's been a long time coming. Everyone has to make their own""But it's a beauty queen from another stage. I only mentioned these 2 stages, which I now want to take a break. We don't want to be more to blame. To be honest, the big reason is that it shouldn't be okay to let the judges sit down and scold me in an interview. I don't dare do it to anyone"That was the last straw, right?". The first straw (laughs) that didn't feel okay, "Do we need to add Miss Thailand World? Because I see that copyright is from the same place?"No, no, did you really get that kind of news?" If it doesn't have any impact, it doesn't mean all of them can still go together. I didn't have a problem, but I felt like everything was getting hit, like the stage owner called me. I turned on the speakerphone, I got hit, I didn't want to play, I didn't want to mess around. I'm not personally angry, but I have to maintain the performance of MGI because this year we have a policy to grow quite a lot."If the forum is talked about or metaphorical, how will we proceed?", it is not an allusion to the law. It's just that we can't bear to listen. If anything has to do with our performance, we're just going to rule it out. As for those who are considered defamatory of the law, we are already dealing with it." Where is it now?", it has now been filed in part, that is, it must be said that there are both lawsuits at the hotel and in court. The progress section will update you. Initially, I sued for defamation because of defamation in all matters".
Netizens share clips of social media, concerts, luck, floats. Make people ask questions (video)|Netizens flocked to share the clip on social media. After a Facebook user posted a clip of the concert being performed, but there were no people in front of the stage, the caption read, "When the red cross guards send it to see, the people are ten hit each other, no worries." There are netizens who have commented on the owner of Facebook who the concert is and commented a lot that some commented that maybe it was when the band was on a soundcheck or if it was just starting to play a concert or not, people were few, some criticized that there were no people to see the concert at all. I'm sorry, but I got it all. THE LOSER IS THE OWNER OF THE WORK, SHOWING THAT IT IS EVERYWHERE." SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Mak Prin disguises himself in the drama scene, playing a big surprise birthday to Kimberly (clip)|On January 22, 2023, which is the 31st birthday of his girlfriend, Kimberly Ann Voltemus on January 22, 2023, which is the 31st birthday of his girlfriend, in IG Story @chuwaab posted a clip of Mak disguised as a thief to enter the drama "Spy Doctor Plague", in which Kimberly starred alongside Nadej Kukimiya. Before walking in, he hugged Mak and laughed so hard, and then Kimberly's brother and sister helped each other raise a birthday cake for Kimberly. The young heroine is so happy that this year's birthday has seen a surprise from her loved ones together. A post shared by Jennifer Ashley Woltemas (@jenzzii_iizznej)SPONSORED
"PP-Krist" Art exhibition "FIRE BOY Experience"|Hot non-stop PP Krit or "PP-Kris Amnuaydejakorn" popped up a chic idea and shook hands with world-renowned Thai artists. "Kongkan-Kantaphon Metheekul" organized the art exhibition "FIRE BOY Experience" inspired by FIRE BOY, phi phi's latest single at Ours Charoennakhon 10 PP-Krist, said, "Actually, the beginning of the FIRE BOY Experience came from the fact that Brother Kongkan talked to Brother Bel-Supol about liking the song FIRE BOY and wanted to design the work for him. From the very beginning, I was just designing the character, when I talked about it, everyone was very busy doing it and I wanted to do my best. To be a space where fans or interested people can come and have new experiences with us. So I made a special version of FIRE BOY music, and Spatchies reworked the music to FIRE BOY (Spat Chies Remix). When combined with the visualizer MV presentation that Kong Gan made by interpreting FIRE BOY as a fire that comes from one's own individuality that shines brightly, it becomes FIRE BOY in konggan's style. Any fans who have already attended the event and love it can also share their impressions through the special collections we have created. For more information, please visit PP Krit Entertainment's social media.
"ENHYPEN" World Tour Card in Thailand SOLD OUT|End of the wait for the hot boy band "ENHYPEN" 7 Hot Members JUNGWON, HEESEUNG, JAY, JAKE, SUNGHOON, SUNOO AND NI-KI AFTER OPENING TICKETS FOR THE "ENHYPEN WORLD TOUR 'MANIFESTO' IN BANGKOK" The first solo concert in Thailand was well received by the ENGENE (Enchinese) or the name of the fan group, both Thai and foreign, because the tickets for both performances were finally fully booked for every seat! The social media buzz of the event has never wavered. Fans are constantly spinning the hashtag #MANI FESTO_ IN_BANGKOK the event, even more so that it reinforces "ENGENE". How long have Thais been waiting for Thailand to have ENHYPEN! If you have tickets, get ready and kill the past and shout out loudly on Saturday, January 28, 2023 at 6:00 p.m. and Sunday, January 29, 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (Thailand Time) at IMPACT Arena. Muang Thong Thani "2 performances" Follow all channels online at Official Facebook: BEXConcert/Twitter: @BEX_ Concert/TikTok: @BEXSpace.SPONSORED
Get to know James Jetpol, the 10-year-old The Star champion, cleared the drama of the inappropriate award.|The winner of The Star 2022 was Young James Jetpol Kanitchat No. 8, who was able to perform a 15-minute mini-concert and won overwhelming votes from Thais across the country for The Star 2022 champion. Today, Thairath Entertainment Online will take you to talk and know more about this young man's identity. And clear the drama of the award that he received did not make sense. Chetpol Kanitchat, nicknamed James, was born on November 26, 1995, aged 27, a graduate of the Faculty of Music, Mahidol University, who participated in The Star 10 contest as a representative of the North, but was disappointed in 2022. We grew up on this stage when we were 17 years old, and at that time around 5th grade, we were addicted to heart dramas, musicals, and we always sang. We were a teenage boy who felt very fiery. We wanted to be an artist, because we liked it and had a clear goal, it made us want to go after our dreams, the family supported us, that year we only reached the last 20, we were very heartbroken, it was like we didn't have any immunity to anything, like we were running and falling down, and because we were always in our own world, and we met our brothers and sisters who were in that year, each of whom was very clear, so there was a lot of pressure and expectations and results that put us under pressure and didn't perform as well as we should when we went to college to study music, a child who loved music, and we felt that music could be one way to make us happy. I want to take it as a career and be an artist. We didn't know much about what it was like to be an artist who wanted to play music with knowledge of music." Night Work There are a few productions, most of them playing music as their main occupation. Life at that time was like a straight line, like being in place all the time. Sometimes it's rare that we have to play at our own pace because we have to play as the store dictates. The chances are very small, it turns out that the future we set out to be in place, without finding ourselves and not wanting to find it. It's just that I'm working there. In terms of income, it's neither good nor very bad. But the joy of playing music is gone. How many stages did the contest take place about two years before coming to The Star? We used to think about leaving the subject of singing no longer and going to college. It's about music, but in a broader form. I want to work behind the scenes, in my heart or someone who has dreams all the time, so I'm going to argue with myself if it's good or not." It's not hard to decide, or with being The Star, and it's the stage we've been in, and it's the way we love it so much. So we tried to fight back and come back. But we have to admit that we were generous because the first time we expected a lot. It's hard to say because we're newbies, so we've had to adapt a lot as well, plus the stress and expectations and the accumulated results. Every day we enjoy it. In exchange for expectations is happiness. I think it lets us know that it's ourselves without any pressure. WE JUST WANT TO GIVE THEM BACK THEIR HAPPINESS"SPONSORED" AFTER WINNING THE STAR. Outsiders who don't watch The Star or aren't fans of The Star come to appreciate and follow. People who aren't fans of The Star come to follow us. Our work really went into his eyes, into his ears. What we do is the answer. And I really burst into tears because it's been 10 years of pride, feeling like I've unlocked everything over the last 10 years, it's been in my mind a lot, but we don't really talk, and when we know we're the ones who won The Star, it's like sugar. And after this we really have to work, thank you to everyone who has been a part of our lives, including myself""As I said all the time, all 8 of us already have clear goals, what we want to do, what we want to be. We want to work in the foreground, we want to work as artists, we want to be stars, that's a lot. Our goal. I think what I get after this, no matter what the job is, is a reward for people who want to get a chance. promote this size. In the future, we may have concerts or maybe theaters. Get to work with great people Working with artists we love It's a big profit for us, but it can't be valued, I think everyone has a right to think. I don't dissuade anyone, because everyone has a lot of ideas, but I think we need to look at what we're here for, what we're doing. I myself made it clear that I wanted to be an artist. I want to do the work I love, and I believe that if I can do the work I love, I will do it. What I get is profit and the opportunity from now on is many times more than that."
"Jeth" has invested more than half a million in dreaming of becoming an artist. Debut single "Parallel Universe"|Dreaming of becoming an artist with the first single from JES Jespipat With a slow, sad, pop-rock song, the content is intense, talking about imagining another world where the opportunities and possibilities of what one hopes are fulfilled, especially to love someone. People we feel very good with but can't love each other in the real world. It's a profound content instead of someone who can only hope that their love will be fulfilled, even if it's just a fantasy of the specialty of this song. Om Cocktail and Toon Three Man Down co-wrote the vocals and melodies, and Mag The Darkest Romance managed the music arrangement and sound design. In the music video, Jeth plays the hero alongside the girl Design-Chutimon. This makes the song visually and emotionally perfect. "I'm so glad that today I have the opportunity to fulfill my childhood dream of playing music and making music. This is a song that I really intend to do every step of the way, thanks to everyone involved. Let's leave the first song and MV "Parallel Universe" Jan. 26 on YouTube channel Jes's First Time.
Jazz Chuan Chuen Hit Again Young Korrachai asked to do a cover for Mike.|In one case, a young man got drunk and snatched the singer's mic. Ask for bass from musicians to play the show. This caused a wave of criticism on social media for etiquette, and the young man responded to the netizens before clearing up with the band on channel 3's "Howling Stream". Young Korrachai Genesis Ploy has left a message to famous comedians such as Jazz Chuan Chuen, Ball Invite Smile, Nui Invite Smile, etc. to cover this event, saying, "What do you hope for this? I'm just hoping for a cover of this event. I'm waiting to see it, I'm smiling. Everyone Khun Nui Many of you. I'm watching"SPONSORED, after Young Korrachai spoke, smiled, shared a picture of the boy's speech and replied, "Yes, sir, arrange for me", Jazz Chuanchuen, when he heard the news, posted a message on his personal Facebook page, Padung Songsang, saying, "There is a cover for Mike since jumping in the water!" At this event, Young Korrachai didn't wait any longer, immediately commenting, "Can you do it for me? One word!" and Jazz replied, "Always 5555555." He also commented that "I forgot to tell you next time", causing fans to giggle and comment on the post.
Erin, crying, sharing her experiences with embryos, swinging emotions, tiredness, and anger.|After getting married This work is a young actress. Erin Yuktatat immediately prepares to become a mother by picking up eggs for ICSI round 2 and telling about the tiredness and revealing the moments of shedding tears as well as the side effects that occurred during the operation. This round is more difficult than the first round, I don't know why, although the eggs are even less than the previous round (last round 5 eggs, this round 4 eggs). The ultimate swing from the start of the injection, to the uncomfortable, bloating, and delaying of the stomach, perhaps because the cycle is also injected and works a lot. I saw anything crying, I saw the dog crying, I was tired, but I was able to get through it, despite how cute Dr. Mon is, but I wish this round would be the last time I saw you again when I was ready to be a mamie (but we can meet outside the round). @benja_6 that is always encouraging and patient, comforting when the guards are in a hurry," SPONSOREDSPONSORED said.
Nook Thanadol speaks from the heart of pity Pai Chatnapa. No matter what they do together, they are seen as adultery.|For singer Nook Thanadol Siriwaw, who has posted a message on Facebook about why in recent times, he rarely posted a picture of Pai Chatnapa. What to do? Many people tend to look at it in an adulterous way. It makes me feel very embarrassed and sympathetic, so I want everyone to help me pull a little bit of consciousness because now all the friends in the group are no longer themselves. For some of you who love the identity of Pai Pai or my best friend, I would like to remind you a little bit of your mind, because right now, to be honest#ผมสงสารเพื่อนผมมากๆ I really can't say it, but let me say it today, some people love so much, love so much that they forget to let their loved ones be themselves, you forget, and then there is an idea to follow what I hoped. I'll have to do what I want you to do. IF YOU DON'T DO IT ENOUGH, YOU'RE DISAPPOINTED, YOU SCOLD AND PRESSURE YOUR SPONSORED, WHY DO I PITY PAI? Is everyone weird these days? Why don't you post a couple photos, don't post a couple clips, go around together with two people often? But why don't you post? Many people will interpret it in an adulterous way. Most of the time, immediately, it makes our friendship impossible to dare to go down as before. Therefore, do not dare to put it on social media, as everyone has seen, it must be said that every group of us will be very close. You can sleep together and sleep in the same room. Because we've been together for so long, we love and are very close as well. Another thing I want people to love. In some people, but most of the people who love Pai or Men Pai, the people who understand are also very cute with Nook, but just want to give some of them a little bit of consciousness. I don't know what you're thinking, maybe you're trying to get over Nook, or you want to knock Nook in a hurry to disappear, but let's think about it the other way around. Nook is very comfortable, but the poorest person is who knows... People who love him very much, not that Pai plays ka-oof, that he is a wife, goes to ka-gap, plays ka-gap, says that the cap likes pai, goes to ka-om, plays ka-om, he giggles, thinks again, if you really love him, you will not think this way because people will think a lot. Don't be yourself, don't dare to play with your friends as before, Pai.....leave it to think#Don't use love to hurt your loved ones. I don't want to be dramatic, I pity my friends. And this is the idea I want to tell everyone. After Nook posted the message, Pai himself commented, "Friendship is always a beautiful thing. Every Amico is Pai's friend. We are friends, but for those who catch jin back and forth, it is comforting because there is only Pai who really understands the feeling. I'm sorry. IF DISAPPOINTED".SPONSORED
"Put-Puttichai" impressed "Chui" said that he chose his wife wrongly, knowing that raising children is very tired.|For Phut-Puttichai Kasetsin, who met himself at the Channel 3 building to promote the drama "The Best of Hearts", but noticed that Put walked with crutches to support himself, so he asked what happened?"Play sports. I've had a fractured ankle for 2 years, but I haven't had a dissection. But when I go back to playing sports to kick the ball, it hurts my ankle, but it's been a long time because I'm addicted to the drama, plus I'm kicking the ball and it hurts again, so I got an ankle dissection "That dissected because we want to go back to kicking the ball?" The doctor said that if you don't dissect it, it will always hurt like this. But if you cut it, it may not come back to hundreds, but you can go back to sports, but it will not be as much action as before. If you work, you may need a cane to support your legs because you can't put on weight, otherwise the bones won't grow out, so you need to use a cane for about 6 weeks. It has the effect of helping you raise your child. We may not be able to carry it, but we can sit and hold it. The splint will be worn for about 6 weeks, then it will be a rehabilitation physiotherapy process so that the leg will not hurt again. When I get to the age of three, it's hard to heal." When I raise my children, I barely do anything. My little one needs to spend more time with my family, but I don't leave it to exercise"My son is going to be 2 months old, how are you?", and I'm fat. Now it's starting to become a ficus root shape. I asked if I was pregnant because I was my first child and we both wanted to have children. I'm really glad I did. When I sat down to feed during the first month, I sat down to feed and tears came, so I thought it was true, right? He's with us. Remember the moment when I was in the delivery room. I heard a cry and I was in tears. It was tears of joy. When it comes to raising us, we help each other because you're already heavy. Where to pump breast milk I'm responsible for feeding, panon. Can you take a shower?" When I became a father, I felt that my life was more responsible and I thought more, not only myself, I missed my children, there was another step of adulthood, and things that were not necessary in life, we would cut it very quickly, such as coffee making equipment that was crazy to buy and eat alone in the house. We feel that we can't choose the wrong person?", we make the wrong choice, today we still say that being a mother is very tiring, we have seen chui since we lost our stomach, carried the stomach since having to inject egg stimulators, we are in the process of having a difficult baby for 3 years, carrying another 9 months pregnant. The milk song popped up when he had to do something for his child: "How do we need to help Tegcare Chui? Some mothers will have postpartum stress?"Fortunately, he is not Mama Blue. Before giving birth, he would be worried too. He was afraid that he would have depression after giving birth, it turned out that no, he was happy, Mr. Chui would have an early period because we had to wake up every 2-3 hours, and Mr. Chui had to pump milk every 3 hours. He would do this every day. We felt that he was much more tired than us. But at the beginning it was not easy because we are new parents, returning from the hospital the first week. Because it's very busy, it still doesn't make sense. At first we talked about raising ourselves without a nanny, but after 1 month we talked about this way because when we came out to work, and Mr. Chui alone he couldn't because he had to have a breast pump as well. I still have one baby left, and now I want to have only one child. At first I wanted to have 3-4 people, now I feel 2 people better. BUT IF THERE IS ANOTHER PERSON, THERE WILL BE ONE NEXT TO EACH OTHER, BECAUSE BECAUSE WE ARE OLD, WE DON'T WANT TO BE VERY OLD, AND THEN THE TEENAGE CHILDREN"SPONSORED, DO WE HAVE TO GO AND SOLVE A LOT? After getting this baby?"We're not on at all, we're just paying thanks every time we go to pay homage to him".
Open mind "Dark-Hasveer" Abysmal Red Label Graduate|Congratulations to the new graduates. The hottest hero of Channel 7HD Dark-Hasveer Pakpongpaisan who has fulfilled the dream of himself and his family. He received a bachelor's degree in communication arts, majoring in acting, a graduate business university in 4 years, both working and studying. Friends of the entertainment industry such as Ning-Panita, Petch-Puttipong, Euro-Yosawat, Ben-Santirat and Pornpimon Manruthai, the organizers of the Coliseum, as well as many fans who came to congratulate each other. Thank you so much everyone. Today's success is indeed I have to thank everyone because everyone is my inspiration and a big support for me to be where I am today. After this, I intend to go full-fledged. Now there are 2 dramas filmed, the wind blowing through the stars, and the glass city. However, I have to wait and see, I will encourage you..."
Lina Chan reveals that her mouth almost fell into the knot. Papaiwong called to clear up Matt|Overtaking curves at all points Lina Chan had to be stuck in the dart until the show "Celebrity Sitting Clear" on Channel 8 had to be invited to clash with the host Yingsak Jonglertjesadawong, revealing the story of Pak Pasue until he almost went to jail. Songkran's father Call Tao TV Pool to solve the news to help Matt Bheerney from the news of Aum Bhattacharya, sorry that one day she satirized this person. "I'm not crazy. It's a character, because on any day I don't scold people watching it in the hundreds. People watched it in the millions. And I never destroyed anyone, because I scolded that person with a bang. That person is loud. That person is rich, "Damn people all day, make waves, but people don't like her, how do you feel?", it's I don't care (laughs) because it's just psychopaths. Psychopathic bisexuals like to come and see me, some of them are fake for hundreds of faces, so they come to scold me, sometimes fake my face to scold me again"SPONSOREDThis case, what about him, including the head of deceiving people, Lina, I don't think so. Beautiful people are educated. Why did she do it? I'm so sorry, shouldn't I have a friend like you?" Channel 8 still reads the news, Big M won the lottery, and we don't believe the big channels, the whole country, the stations, the big news agencies. He offered all the news, so we didn't copy it. Stealing the news, he came to sit live. We don't have journalists"She joined the movement with him, didn't she?" He hired me to review it, like a two-headed, it hired me to interview it, what's wrong? I only went for 45 minutes, and I interviewed him about his life history, and I never stepped on him again. son His employees didn't know. He told me to join the movement, like Mata-l, slander me when I went to jail, and he hired me to review that he won the case. The Government Lottery Office sued him for selling overpriced lottery tickets, and the court dismissed the case. Where am I wrong to hire reviews, we are the media, we need advertising"It's not wrong, but it's not moral. He's wrong, he's right, he's not checked. "Crazy, there's no virtue anywhere, just a hero winning the lottery, it's going to damage anyone, and we're angels, we're not police, we don't have duties, so why are news outlets all over the country down? Why don't you investigate?" she asked, "she's been dragged away, she's going to be sued in jail, is it pathetic?" Where does it stick? That bastard is starving for light. It sticks to my stream. I understand that I have already filed a lawsuit against it for defamation in advertising, and then wait to see if it is a case, and then report another charge, false report to bully others, to be punished with a criminal penalty, the combined penalty of two cases is almost 10 years." I think she's going to jail now. Put her in jail. Call me to scold, give me some respect, come because I'm a celebrity to sit and clear it. I didn't come to you at the end of the show, I went outside and I was like, "Why are you crying? "Are you not comfortable like this?", he didn't hire. I mean, I called it because a reporter sent it to me saying that it was going to the defense, so we called it and clarified, and he said, 'Hey, I took my name out, it stuck and after a while I went up to the bathroom and came down. So I ran. I don't comb. Jump the motorcycle, just in case you find it, you'll slap it in the middle of the defender. I can't find it"SPONSOREDDDD, the pressure is not rising, what do you die behind the motorcycle?", I was disabled that day. I can't walk. You don't see my subordinates carrying my wings, and the police pity me for helping me, right? It's so bad, they're perverse psychopaths, they're more punishable, they're guilty of computer crimes, they're 40 faces down until people misunderstand the whole country that I've been carried into a cell by the police, "Ok, are you innocent?" I, like all journalists, tell the news. On my page, I've been a news story page for 9 years. I don't have a reporter, I steal, like Channel 8 News. Don't worry, we're the same as our brothers and sisters, the whole country has been deceived by him. Don't worry, but I got hit by that guy because he gutted me, and I became a judge for MUT. He was staring at me all the time. Make the whole country hate me?" He never called me, I never called him. I don't have his number, it's two thieves who steal my chat, how to please it, let it buy diamonds, go to the slander like that, it's going to be believed, and what's up? I saw a two-headed bird post on my page. We read it, and we took pity on him, and he was very sympathetic to him. The size of what he did to me was the cause. Take a chat with us to a guy,"Can you talk to him?". There is merit to him too. Help him review when he's sick in the hospital. I helped him, fought until my page was blocked for 3 months, and I didn't have anything to eat, so I set up a new page. There were 10 people watching, live, tears, arrogance in dignity, never going to ask anyone for help. No food, no tap water, "MU stage, are you cheering?" We are Thais, we just have to cheer for Anna. Tiger beauty brand Anna tiger loves to do her best, but why does it fall, why, because Aunt Paula Ngai Ann Chakrapong has to fire Paula. Make her stage, it can't make a profit of ten billion. Take it out. Take the best people. If not, take me to do it with Yingsak"She has no art. "No, it has to change the mindset, mompui, my face is given to Lee, it's curry, anna tiger makeup pile, it's curry, it's bisexual makeup, big nose, you see? It has to be done as a puff, understand? Anna is beautiful, she puts on her own makeup, and she is still being interpreted by Epa in the black room, so why not? I'm a beauty guru. Epa who was in the black room suddenly curryed Anna Tiger, mistranslating it to curry about Aum. What did Bhattacharya mess with him? He's going to quit, he's going to be dating, he's going to stay in love for a while. I'm sorry, why did you mess with him?", my show is a news program, and Brother A Supachai met me at my job, Tim TV Pool came over and hugged me, A told me not to cry, I will cry according to the 10 million people on my page. No wonder why A. Supachai is rich in billions because she is sweet, she is smart. She knew I was the No. 1 star news analyst." It's today. Papaiwong His father-in-law, Matt Bheerney, called Tao TV Pool and said, "This is Tao. It doesn't help Matt. My father-in-law came out to protect me. Protect your daughter-in-law. Tell me why she went to release the news, and Tao said it wasn't me, but ......."Watch the clip.
"Pure The Voice" holds a special show on the stage of the epic jazz event TIJC 2023.|"Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
Nat Kesarin Unfriend Tank Chitramuangnon While in the fc fc fc appreciated doing it right.|It has attracted a lot of fans who follow it. When sexy actress and model Nat Kesarin posted a Facebook post to Tank Chitramuangnon, she said: The famous Muay Thai fighter, who is now entering the yellow-clothed sex match, has made it clear that he would like to stop being friends on social media for a while. If Lasik leaves and then comes back to add friends again. "Tank Chitramuangnon Now that I'm in a relationship, I'd like to stop being friends with you. Let's add new friends. In the facebook with AIG, you will be shocked to disappear from your friends"Which nat posted this message Many people think that it may be because he often posts sexy self-portraits. For example, a good teacher must be like this. Teacher, don't stop being friends with me, teacher, well, the yellow cloth will be hot. Lasik legs are gradually added to the new one. If I ordained I'd temporarily unfollow Nat as well. 5555, do it right, do it right, etc.
Bow Wanda reveals that if he's worried about talking to Flushing, he'll miss his dad, not because he's hungry.|7th Anniversary of Po Theory Shuang Recently, his wife, Bow Wanda, opened up on the show "Mam's Table" with the host of her mother, Maam Surivipa, about her daughter's development. Mali, who regularly talks to pictures of Po's father, clears the drama, cuts her hair short and prepares to have a new husband.7 It's been 7 years since Poe passed away, even though someone we wouldn't see had touched him anymore. He's gone, but he's not leaving us. It's been 7 years that made us stronger and raised Mali, and we've seen him grow up, and he's been 7 years happy. Where are you, sometimes complaining, which in the Instagram clip that comes out, it may seem sad, but the truth is not like that at all. We don't have any drama about being hungry for light. We've been moving on for a long time. Sometimes she asks her dad where she is, and she puts her finger on her nose, a picture of warmth in our hearts that we don't need to be together. 7 years ago we didn't have any explanation. We'll wait for the time to wonder where dad went, and we'll just keep living our lives, trying to make every day happy. When we see him seeping, we will find something for him to do, he will move on quickly, which teaches him to learn quickly, one day he walks up to us and asks us what his father is, how he died, and then he says that death is death. But even though dad is not with us, but 36 years of life, dad has done everything perfectly, even though he only served 2 years as a father, but these two years let us be convinced that dad has done everything for me, we say that he is somewhere, but of course, dad is in our hearts, like this year we give jasmine to light incense for dad, he will say that he asks dad to eat a full meal, asks dad to buy toys for him, sometimes he wonders if dad is on top of mom if dad has an angel. So we said that if dad has an angel, mom can have a man. He wouldn't be able to scold him. Didn't both of us when we were in distress, did we talk to Poe? What's wrong with that? When I finished talking, I pressed the toilet, it floated along the water, like I took something bad and put it in the toilet. On a happy day, we think of family, think of Mali. Because nowadays, I want to do something for my family.7 Last year, Mali showed us that he can understand and cope with it with his inner strength. Everything has changed. Being a mother, we are afraid that one day if he grows up with everyone waiting for him, then we are afraid why this day is not like that day, afraid that he will not understand what happened to his life, but it turns out that he is a very bright smiling person. It's not the same as before, we're comfortable now. We deal with drama because most of the time every time we come to the show, people will say we're stuck in the trend because they've been dead for a long time. So every show he invites us to, if he doesn't ask us, we won't answer, but he asks us because he wants to see about Po. No matter how many years or 7 years we have, we want everyone to think more about the man named Po Theory, because having a new husband is already difficult. Our lives are no longer focused on this. The only thing we fear, we fear our feelings. IT WILL ALSO AFFECT PARENTING.SPONSORED
Open the latest page Poj Anon after 6 months of surgery, very handsome, think that the Korean hero|After the famous director Pachar Anon invested a lot of money in flying into the sky to make a new face. As far away as South Korea, the event was criticized by netizens, who posted a post in the middle of the instagram stating, "Goo went to make a face, didn't make a neck. Look at the face, let's go make a neck and then look at the neck, do you understand? Kogu hasn't done a voicing yet. I understand!!"Recently, time has passed very quickly. After 6 months, his new face is now starting to fall into place. I can tell you that I see a clear change. Looks better. The child's face went down a lot, with the brief stating, "The face is starting to fall into place, how are the 6 months passed? The event attracted a lot of fans to like and comment.
Don't miss the lottery, cotton fluff, show firecracker tail number, hurry to buy before littering the panel (clip)|It has entered the gambling industry and is also loved by many lottery fans. For a good-tempered actress, Pui fai Nattapat. Wipattaradejsakul or Pui Fai AF, who came out to tell many people the best numbers to be directly in several installments, recently Pui Fai has revealed a clip from the firecracker tail number in the last Chinese New Year festival with numbers from incense sticks clearly, without sounding when zooming. THE FIRECRACKER TAIL CAME, AND THE NUMBER ON THE INCENSE STICK WAS THERE, II"THIS EVENT BROUGHT FANS WHO SAW EACH OTHER TO LOOK AT THE NUMBERS TOGETHER AND WRITE DOWN THE NUMBERS TO BUY BEFORE THE NUMBERS LITTERED THE LOTTERY STALLS.
Gina The Face reveals a sexy photo of a long-kept bikini. Each shot is very overblown.|One stands for sexy beauty in the entertainment industry, the other for the other. Model-actress Gina Viraya Pattarachokchai or Gina the Face went to see in her personal I.G. to see a sexy photo showing off her beautiful figure with a slim waist that many people are jealous of. In addition to seeing a beautiful figure, a thin waist, as sexy as ever. Each pose tells me that it is not the same as the actual dress, which he wrote in the caption "Pickled for several months, I want to go again, tell the director to be startled to play @teeaum"This event has made people in the entertainment industry flock to comment in a flash, such as Um Lakkhana sending fire emojis, Benz Punyaporn "The best" and put fire emojis, Nui Sujira "Take another !!!!" and put on tearful emojis, Maprang Alisa "Beautiful", Chao Khun Chakpat Send a blushing emoji, Nat Nisanee "Start Le", Tukki Sudarat "down again", etc., and the personal manager came in and commented, "Don't flinch, pack your bags first, like you're going to 555." BEFORE GINA REPLIED, "KIAM-TU".SPONSORED
Tak Siriporn reveals the evidence Why 5 sofas broke down|For the good-tempered family of the famous couple Tak Siriporn Yudyod and Nui, invite to smile because the couple always take turns posting pictures and writing hilarious captions teasing each other. Tak Siriporn has revealed that the reason why the living room sofa at the house has broken 5 is because of her beloved husband, Nui. By posting a secret photo of Nui sleeping comfortably on the couch and writing the caption "Mehta broken sofa #ตัวนี้ตัวที่ 5"SPONSOREDThis work in addition to having fans flocking to like it in a row, they are ready to tease full IG such as Brother Methadone and wow 5555, Don't curry Brother Metha 5555555, change some places.....Metha, very big pot curry mom, oh 55555555, wondering if the night escapes. I forgot to wash my feet, I actually broke my sofa or a heavy sofa, etc.
Ple Irina Answer obviously after being secretly asked to do a new nose surgery. It looks different because it's slimmer.|It's another person in the entertainment industry who frankly admits that surgery has been done without hiding. For a sexy girl like Ple Irina Sriklao at the latest. He went to sit as a state guest on the unfolding show, but he didn't want to be suspected by Black Ant Kachapa in his nose while sitting there talking. Suddenly black ant kachapa I asked Pell Irina if he had a nose surgery. THE EVENT IMMEDIATELY MADE THE GIRL SAY THAT SHE DIDN'T DO IT, THE SAME ONE WAS THINNER, AND PLE CONTINUED TO SAY THAT PLE WAS ACTUALLY THE FIRST PERSON IN THE INDUSTRY TO DARE TO COME OUT AND ADMIT THAT SHE HAD PLASTIC SURGERY.
Bai fern Khen Mr. Naphat is a man in love, dating today beyond expectations (clip)|Now I want to cheer and my dream come true. Pimchanok also accepted Mr. Naphat's love and also posted a couple photos for fans to see. After a long wait. It's called very sweet. Bai Fern came to attend the Nakhon Sawan Chinese New Year Festival 2022-2023, after finishing the event, he gave an interview about the status now to Mr. "How do you agree with the status now?", I haven't talked about the status yet, as if I wasn't serious about status at all. Nowadays, we meet, we go around and be happy"Can we call each other happy?"Yes (smile)"He said he would flirt with Fern until he accepted him?"I don't define anything, but if he wants to flirt, it's something cute, a good story we have for each other. The next day is a lovely memory"Seeing that it was cold, he gave me ginger juice?". Fern herself had never seen him this part. We don't usually talk like this. If you say it's cold and there's a ginger lotus, it's a snack that we like to eat"SPONSORED, it changes from where we are friends, right?", is the way he takes care of us, or we take care of many things? You'll call ferns baika (laughs). But we replied that legs, and Fern called him Mr. or Mr. Ka, there are some, but it may seem a little strange, not used to "Who is more crazy in love?", if you ask me, I say, "And we don't have that emotion?", "Yes, but we are shy, what are some plays, what are the parts that we talk sweeter, or the parts that we pretend to be nervous about, and still remain"How about going to England? Is the popsicle delicious?", sweet popsicle, it's good, fern feels very happy. We've been working all year. When I stopped for a long time, I was with my family at Noon, everything, and I came to see you. It's all about being happy." When will the couple photos?"We want to post them as memories"Is this Valentine's day a job?"No now"Where are you going?", but I went to my place, but I'm not sure yet"Is it the first Valentine's Day of the couple, what are we expecting?", today it exceeds our expectations. Neither of us expected to do anything like this, as we are today beyond expectations, "How do you want to know the people around you?" Every now and then, he'll come and complain about being bullied. As for Fern, when she answers the phone, it's hilarious. "Want to see ferns use two or three voices too?" is also annoying (laughs). The person next to me was completely annoyed"Boh?"Boob as before"The word girlfriend has to wait for time, right?", we are not serious at all. If it's time or if he wants to ask, we'll let it go. Nowadays, it's so cute," "SPONSORED, people say that love is more beautiful?", it's not pretty, it's the same", many people say it's more beautiful. Do you see it?", no. He said it was already pretty".
The end of the hard line "Han So Hee" Korean heroine unfolds herself Promise I won't drink again.|Han So-hee, who is famous for the series "Nevertheless", recently posted a clip and a picture on Instagram showing her drinking until she was drunk, even lying on the floor, sleeping ignorantly, until her friend had to put her shirt around her. It's called drunk sleeping. The event drew tens of thousands of comments from fans who followed him, teasing him and telling him to drink just right because he was afraid of harming the actress. If drunk sleeps unconscious like this often and gets over a million likes on Han So-hee's posts, as well as a lot of old pictures of Han So-hee while drunk sleeping. Han So-hee became famous for her 2020 series The World of the Married, playing the role of Yeo Da-kyung, a sassy mistress, before landing the lead role in Nevertheless, This Love Can't Be Forbidden, and My Name, which aired on Netflix.SPONSOREDSPONSOREDSPONSORED.
Sara Kazingini Trembling voices and tears in your eyes when you live sell your stuff, ask for time to prove the truth.  |After Daryl The young husband was arrested by the police just before the wedding. Many people are worried about mothers of two. Sara Kazingini No less, and in between, Sara There were a lot of fans who commented on Sara's encouragement, and she read the positive comments sent by the fans and raised her hand to thank her and said, "Yes. Right now, the situation may not seem very good. I want everyone to give me time and give me a chance to speak and tears will flow (smile and not let myself cry). I want everyone to give me time and give me a chance, just like Sara who gives me time and he too, let time be a testament to the truth. Never one (trembling voice) Nothing is one hundred percent good or one hundred percent bad. Everyone is wrong and right, and I want time to prove the truth, anything that goes through all the drama, thank you for all the encouragement, and thank you for all the support."
Kong Huai Rai talks about the behavior of the singer of his grandchildren. It's no wonder why double artists often break up.|It's a lot of laughter. For young country singer Kong Huai Rai When he flew to South Korea to play a concert, he posted a heartfelt message about the singer's behavior. He then understood why the double artist broke the band. Kong Huai Rai posted a picture of him lying on stage and wrote, "No wonder why duet artists are so often split. One of my younger singers loves to come to work with me, and I like to write music scripts to benefit myself, most recently at concerts in Korea. Set yourself up a script for the show first. In order to go out and take money from the fans, I was almost exhausted and then released me to perform, which at that time the fans were so drunk that I forgot that I had just come out. When I started getting drunk, I shouted for a refund because I had given it to the singer. Until there was no taxi fee back, which just came out on its own, it means that the singers who came out before have almost completely taken away their fans' money. You can let me out, but I can't drink money. He was also hit by music fans. Throughout my time playing concerts in Korea, in addition to being drunk and paying fans because he doesn't remember that I just came out," SPONSORED, amid comments from equally high-profile fans, hinted at the fact that it could mean the singer with the acronym "Hag" wearing it. Say that you take the liquor with 555555555, clear 555, write a good song, write a story, still be good at 555, like curry younger, abbreviation "ble", abbreviation Bele Pathum...., Yes, I even have to sleep and sing. etc
A new life, 1 year and a fight Luckily, I didn't die.|A long time away for Muay Supaporn Calcsilp, a former superstar actor who recently opened up to Boy One Entertainment. After a year of living with bipolar disorder, I almost fell out because I was thinking short. I don't want to breathe anymore because I have endured the unstable emotions and conditions I have been experiencing every day for years before being given the opportunity to start over. With the help of friends in the entertainment industry, including Jake Century Dulyavijit Prab Yutpichai and Mrs. Siriporn Ampaipong, who gave money to help with medicines and some daily expenses until today, Muay Supaporn said that her debts are still there, but are gradually repaying until they are almost completely out of debt. MAKE HER MORE AWARE OF THE VALUE OF LIFE, SPONSORED FROM YESTERDAY WHEN SHE WAS DROWNED IN A SHABBY HOUSE, JOBLESS, MONEYLESS, UNINHABITED, EATING AND SLEEPING WITH DOGS. Until the "new life", her house was completely clean and surrounded by people who loved her, back 1 year ago, Muay Supaporn called goodbye to death with Boy One Entertainment saying that she no longer wants to live before Boy One Entertainment held her with a short sentence" From that day. Follow the story of Muay Supaporn's new life all in the entertainment day show. Thursday 26 January 2023 at 12.30pm on Channel 31.
Anna Wannisa, leave it to think. Gossiping about other people doesn't make life better and richer (clip)|I don't know if I left a message that sounded so painful to anyone. For super young models like Anna Wannisa Wongngam Nook Thanadol's ex-girlfriend, who recently recorded a clip and posted it to his IG Story, said: "Let's look at his life and wonder why he has, sometimes gossiping about being evil to other people. He works for money, he has time now, 3 a.m., 4 a.m., it's sleep, he's still sitting at work, it's not a surprise that he has, gossiping about other people doesn't make his life better and doesn't make him richer, but to make himself richer is to make himself richer and work." I don't know who sent this message to, but I just stopped by and listened to it.
Thank you, Pumpui, because my wife is good. If you don't find it, you'll be homeless under the bridge.|Gwint Duval and Pumpui Panthipa have followed their lives since they got married and now they have one beloved son together. Gwint sits down to talk about his love affair with Pumpui. In some episodes, Gwint admits that life has reached this point because he got a good wife, a good wife, and a wife to help with everything, and also said that if they hadn't met, Gwint would have been homeless in England. Living under the bridge, people like to think I'm rich. It's only 77 baht, people think we've got easy money. I may have been born on a pillow quite well, it was like that when I was a kid, but when I was about 20, he would say that now that I'm older, I need to take care of myself. Nowadays, I want to say that I didn't get to this point because of my parents, but I got to this point because I was diligent and had a good wife. My wife helped me with everything, sponsored earlier, Pum Pui took good care of Gwint, gave me money, but Gwint took the money to play the game until Pum Pui no longer gave it until I ran out of money until I had to go to Grab and my parents didn't send it anymore. When I go to drive Grab, I can get thousands of baht a day. I saw the value of the money and started having to find something else to do because I didn't want to drive Grab for the rest of my life, so I started making music. About money, my wife helped me during the absence period, gave me 100-200 a day to pay for eating, sitting and crying with me, eating with me. Then, Pumpui answered the question that the team asked if at that time did not want to break up with Gwint, to which Pumpui replied that at that time we liked good-looking people who did it all because of their appearance. People grow up differently. Pui has been working and taking care of himself since childhood. I had to take care of my family, so I got into the habit of being a caregiver, a responsible person, who at that time didn't run away and left because it was used to it. We felt that dating a star had a price to pay. There are hundreds of reasons in the world to break up with a man, but not because of the difficulty for Pui as a person who likes to buy things for Pui, but rather because of the installment system. I don't want to rush to pay because I have a lot of expenses, Pui and I have separate pockets and help each other take care of the whole house, but I try to go out more so that I can be seen as a family leader. I had to pay to send it to my wife, but I didn't think much of it. I'm happy last time, Pui Po house bill is to sit down and talk because the interest rate was high 3 years ago, like an interest installment, that night there was no conclusion, just said that I would have to put the house together and then go to sleep. When I woke up in the morning, I pressed to see the balance on the bank app, then pressed the money in my account and sent the slip to Gwint, and then in the evening I sat down to eat Mama (laughs) when I was going to enlist in the military, thinking that Pui would definitely quit because at that time there was no money, no profession, nothing that indicated that he had a future, but he was. If today is not dating Pui My life would have been in the outer cities, probably under the bridges in England, homeless, outsiders might see Pui as a strong man, but he was actually the one who took care of his family, which we built together. He's a very good guy, so the question people like to ask why they chose this person. I don't use a lot of reason, but the actions and what we've been through are indicative of this person's greatness. Thank you for making me a father and would like to introduce many men who have a wife or girlfriend. When he's so damn bad, it's a test, I want to tell him to use it, because nowadays I use it. THE FACT THAT HE SCOLDS US, US, AND FREQUENTLY ASKS QUESTIONS IS NOT HIS NAGGING, BUT RATHER A TEST OF WHETHER WE CAN BE A HUSBAND OR A BETTER BOYFRIEND.
Playing politics, solving gambling problems, ever blaming yourself. Now look at the government as the root cause (clip).|It's a lot of buzz. When the news came out that Kung Ploy Kanittarin Patcharapakdeechote or Tik Big Brother, the ex-wife of Young Sarram. Theppitak has been playing politics as a member of the Thai Sriwilai Party, led by MP Te Mongkolkit Suksintaranon. List MP and latest Thai Sriwilai party leader Prawn Ploy was officially launched in the hallway. The parliament building is ready to wear party shirts and congratulate Kung Ploy has given the reason for deciding to play politics, why did you decide to play politics?"First of all, I have worked in the industry for a very long time, and then everyone knows that I have made mistakes about gambling, and then accidentally scrolled through TikTok and found what I have to say about the gambling system. So he wanted to know how we could do it and how we could stand up. Personally, he's terrible. The family broke down. I didn't see my child and I thought that the platform on the application should not actually exist, and then accidentally met Pee Te and found what Pee Te said about the gambling platform. So I have a feeling that this is something that we're interested in, and I'd like to try and get into politics. That's what we've learned more. Something we already know a little bit. We may learn more, and we may be able to improve on what we have gone wrong. I like a lot of goals, but my favorite thing is probably gambling because it's the closest thing to me. I have a feeling that I used to blame myself for mistakes, and blame my family for breaking down, it was probably from myself. I have a feeling that if the government really fixes the gambling platform, it will help the younger generation better. My children now have very easy access to gambling websites, and they are very easy to access gambling sites. It's easier to transfer money to sign up, so I don't think I want anyone or my generation to break down like I used to. So I think I'd like to help you solve it. What I intend to do is enter Pee Te's party and I like his work. Seriously, it's a new generation. Good taste, fighting, and indefatigable heart, which is exactly what I have solved in my life. I can stand up and fight today because I fight. I don't give up, and thank you so much for giving me the opportunity"Does it take a long time to decide before I sign up?" One party has been approached, and the other party has come to talk about politics, and the timing has not been right, so I think I want to fix something in my life first. At least you can set an example for those who make mistakes when it comes to gambling, and then get up and fight those who are mothers who may make mistakes in the same case. He'll have a hero, he'll have his idol. A woman who had fallen and made a gambling mistake, and stood up. It's cool. So I think that's exactly what I'm doing right now. IT'S THE RIGHT MOMENT, SO I THINK THIS PARTY IS THE MOST CONFIDENT PARTY TO CHOOSE IS THE THAI SRIWILAI PARTY."
Grasshopper Chonlada throws cash, pulls back a red car for use in the garden (clip)|Another country singer with a quality voice for Grasshopper Chonlada, a superstar artist who stands for talent and diligence Until fans are admired as the same voice And recently he also made many people who follow Instagram to be stunned when they saw the gift that grasshopper invested money in his pocket to buy for his family, which is a large bright red tractor for use in the garden. After years of borrowing my brother's car, I'm looking forward to it. The event also revealed a short feeling through captions stating "I have my own tractor and I have a cash red sign" and "Cash red sign, grasshopper tractor for use in the garden #ตั๊กแตนชลดาofficial #ตั๊กแตนชลดา #ตั๊กแตน". CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU, CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU, CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU, ETC.
Tanya Arsiam pulls back a new car with a red tag. Fans zoom in on car registration numbers (clip)|For country singer Thanya Arsiam, because in addition to walking the line to get the job in a row, it also walks the line to enhance the bang with a dance. Deposit yourself as the daughter of the serpent and give the lucky numbers of the lottery necks to try your luck. On the morning of January 25, 2023, the singer posted a photo of the atmosphere when she picked up the car, and senior singer Lala Arsiam came to congratulate her and wrote, "Show off your tiredness, success, another life award, a big gift, thank you, thank you, fans, thank you to those around you for always encouraging and supporting. I don't know what to type. I'm so glad I did. He also posted a clip of the atmosphere when picking up the car before the venerable Master came to perform the anointing ceremony for auspicious purposes and wrote "Welcome the new freshman to the house #น้องแจ็คพอต to add a bang, carrying silver and gold #รางวัลความเหนื่อย #ธัญญ่าอาร์สยาม", amid comments from fans who came to admire and congratulate a lot, and also looked at the license plate number to try their luck, which is the number 3529.#น้องจะมาช่วยหาเงินเพิ่ม #น้องแจ็คพอต
17-year-old love affair with 17-year-old boy|It is another model for couples who have gone through a lot of stories of happiness and suffering. For fighter couple Boy Anuwat or Boy Peacemaker and Chick Phichittra who attended the sweet wedding ceremony on January 25, 2019. The couple have been in a relationship for a long time and have been in love for 18 years, and it is another couple whose sweetness never diminishes, and the cuteness comes out to fans to see and smile all the time. Mr. Husband Boy Peacemaker posted a video of his wedding with his beautiful wife Chick Phichittra on the occasion of his @jeab_pijittra 4th wedding anniversary. Shock Feel The goddess of appreciation, not even her own wedding. SPONSORED17 For years, I've been with #ความเจี๊ยบ and I'll be there for her forever. Thank you Chick for taking good care of me every day. Love you #jeabboyzwedding"And chick posted a message to her husband, saying, "Happy wedding anniversary, Brother Boy & Brother Chick. Have a nice day #250123 #boyjeabthelovejourney #boypeace #jeabpijittra #boypeacemaker #บอยเจี๊ยบ."
Baipo Rattiya was shocked when he played a concert and had to end the show (clip).|I play concerts almost every night. For the singer who is nicknamed the queen of floats "Bai Po Rattiya", he recently posted a clip on TikTok while playing a concert in Yang Chum Noi district, Sisaket province, but unexpected things happened when someone threw a bottle on the stage and almost hit the musician. I'm singing, but something unexpected happens. When someone throws a bottle on stage, it almost hits the musician who is playing. The team immediately announced the end of the show. After the clip was shared, it was removed. Bai Po wrote in the comment box, "The authorities have ordered the show to be discontinued for everyone's safety." And "it's very dangerous, don't do it. MANY PEOPLE HAVE COMMENTED A LOT, SUCH AS THROWING A BOTTLE IS TO SHOW THAT YOU ARE RICH, READY TO PAY FOR THE HOST, WHY THROW UP, FIND SOMEONE TO THROW A BOTTLE, ETC.
Erk Lederer explains why he lost 2 months, cheated, betrayed Slander (video)|Disappeared from social media for more than 2 months for Erk Valiant or Erk Lederer. A businessman and social media celebrity, who previously claimed to have received death threats. After that, there was another hot topic. When Lily Wanmani Ponsavan Lao actress The complaint alleges that the other party borrowed money and did not return the amount of 34 million baht. There are also rumors that there are hundreds of victims. The damage amounted to more than 500 million baht. Amid rumours that the famous businessman has fled to Germany, the latest Erk Lederer posted a clip of himself on his personal Instagram account, writing a message explaining why he disappeared: "Two months since Erk's disappearance, Erk will update you on everything that happened about Erk's life and everything else Erk has been through. After being threatened with (business problems), cheated, betrayed, and slandered by some of our business partners during Erk's disappearance over the past two months, including betrayal of someone we once loved, there are still good stories that make us know who really loves us and are ready to listen to the reasons why we were missing at that time. Thank you, Lily, for listening and being ready to be by your side again@lillykalilly THANK YOU TO NORA FOR BEING READY TO GO INTO BUSINESS TOGETHER AGAIN, AS WELL AS TO THE MANY PARTNERS THAT ERK HAS ALREADY CONTACTED WHO ARE READY TO SUPPORT ERK AS USUAL. Wait a minute. I'm trying to get it. But there may be some people who may not ask to talk to because it is damaging. Many people are lazy about Erk and misunderstanding Erk about things that are untrue. People who are worried and confused by what happened. Without telling anyone anything. Because at that time, it was completely absent-minded from all the problems that came into play at the same time. Thank you".  
Kaew Charinya has been revealed a secret, used to have a girlfriend who is a woman - has a crush on the senior acronym. F.Fun|I believe that many people here grew up with Kamikaze, and of course, this event will definitely get to know 3 girls Faye Pornpawee, Fang Thananthorn and Kaew Charinya, who recently all 3 girls have gathered to play a fun game with 3 girls Koi-Natty-Dream in a YouTube clip when answering a brutal question with Fayefang Kaewfang as the one who chooses the question and gets the question of telling the secret of 1 friend sitting on our left or right side. This work took Fang hurriedly to say that Sory, the beloved sister, Faye, hurriedly said that the glass was ok, it was not mentioned before Fang decided to tell the story of the glass, whether Kaew used to have a real girlfriend in kamikaze. unaware Let's face it, there's not a single one. The girls screamed at the answer. The secret glass sits alone. There is no argument, then it is a question that Kaew Charinya picked up and asked if one of the people in the industry that you used to spread the mass to let them know that we like, hint at the following hints: 1 abbreviation 2 professions. Before glass agrees to tell the secret, it is a kamikaze time. He is a senior but a woman. The abbreviation Fr. was both an actor and a singer, before Fang turned to ask. Glass said he really liked it, and the glass sent his eyes as an answer to this question instead of sponsored.
"Gluv Kanavut" excited the first fan meet in the middle of Seoul.|Don't stop! Young Hot Gluff-Kanawut Tripipattanapong walked on fan meeting tour with "GULF THE FIRST ASIA TOUR FAN MEETING 2022" Happy New Year. "Gulf 1st Fanmeeting in KOREA" at KBS Arena SEOUL, South Korea: Fans warmly welcomed at the airportSPONSORED This event, young Gluff prepares many special performances and surprises by singing Korean songs such as I Think I. He drew overwhelming screams and applause, and wrote a message to the ball brothers in Korean, with a message of congratulations on visiting and meeting everyone here. Before ending the fun. Young Gluff handed out autographed balls to his fans, ending with special songs like HOME and "Kana". He also collected projects that fans intended to create, including a café and LED screen at the Sangjin Building in the middle of Hongdae. Gluff said, "I was excited and ended the wait and I came to see my brothers and sisters in Korea for the first time.
"Mind 4Eve" Full Fill! Artists & performers tired but fulfilling happiness, getting single and open their hearts.|After taking the podium as "Red Label Heroine" for singer Mind Four Eve or Artitaya. Tribudarak Shimlang drama "Nang Nak Sa-in-law Phra Khanong" on Workpoint Channel 23. Admittedly, after hanging his head on the beam anyway, the sound of dogs howling. He also had the opportunity to catch Mike singing the theme song "The First Day of the Rest of the Day", telling her views on her love for her so much that she was amazed. As for life off-screen, I'm still completely single, I don't have a boyfriend, but I've never closed my chances, so let's start with...how is the script like?", it's very difficult, it's a distant script, but it's very challenging because it's the first time I've played such a full-fledged heroine. Playing the first thing I found solid, it was a lot of fun too, I liked the challenge, so I was quite happy to shoot and challenge myself. As far as playing the hardest scene, "The birthing scene is the hardest because it's so far away. I've never had a baby, I've never had a baby ache, so it's a distant thing. I can't think of anything like that. It's like we haven't experienced this before, it's a scene that's very tiring, it's far away, it's like we've got a challenge. USING IMAGINATION, USING UNDERSTANDING"SPONSORED WILL SAY THAT SINGING, DANCING IS EASIER THAN "LESS TIRED (LAUGHS)"WHEN PLAYING AS A GHOST HIMSELF, HAUNTING HIMSELF OR NOT. "THERE ARE SOME, LIKE FLIPPING THE CHARACTER. It's like I've played two versions, a person version and a ghost version. If it's a ghost, he'll be calmer. There's a horror that's not scary, trying to be scary, still, there's a scolding in it. It's fun," how scared are the friends in the band about our look? When I saw the picture of Mrs. Naga in the play, she looked like a lady, which wasn't a mind at all (laughs). The person who teases the most is Hanna Punch, who really doesn't have a good four-ev band (laughs)." "Yes, it's normal or not, there's a classic hanging scene, the day of shooting a really old temple, the moment the sling goes up, and the moment the foot steps on the temple beam, the foot touches the howling dog. But I had to keep shooting, and the challenge was good (laughs)." "This is my own belief, I'm lying half-asleep, semi-awake, I'm not sure if it's a ghost or not, I want to wake up but I can't get up, I feel like I've been hit by a ghost, when I close my eyes, I see a woman, like an old person, flashing into my head, but I feel beautiful. Coincidentally, I was given the opportunity to play the role of Mae Nak. The drama is quite full-filled, and we've also been four-eves, with acting opportunities, as heroines, if possible, wanting to do it in tandem. It's a pleasure, we have to fight," Mind sings the theme song, "Yes, the title of the song, the first day of the rest of the day. The original belongs to Four Eve, but it has been reworked. Make new music, change the lyrics in English, Thai. Different mood tones In the four-ave version, it's a thank you to the fans. The Mother Nak version talks about love and the rest of the day. Mother Naga's love for her brother is very strong for this lover. Even though he died, he still wanted to be with him. "SPONSORED, DO YOU WANT TO MEET A GUY LIKE THIS? "But when I play, I feel grateful for the relationship of the two of them because it feels like we have the opportunity to play the mother naga, it makes me understand that two people love each other a lot, the relationship is strong, the bond is intense. "With Mind's love, is there someone to talk to? "Well, I don't know, I don't know, focus on most of the work, like people are not in a hurry with these things already, feel that if it's going to come in, then it's more open, but mainly like to work, stay with friends all day, see each other every day, don't go anywhere. "Do you have any advice for minds? "It's like everyone is putting their time to bed. Nowadays, when we're done, everyone goes home more like that, like we don't really focus on love. But if there is, there is not closed, ready to open the mind, but if there is, there will be teasing, but no one, that's okay, more focused on work, feeling that this time is focused on work, there is an opportunity to come in, we better do it here first, but not close with love." All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Pele Irina is a young Hungarian model. Prepare to fly to Valentine's Day.|It is called a western spec for Ple Airin Sriklao, who often has rice-eyed men selling dumplings. In the unfolding show where he sits down to talk, there is talk of a close friend who is a world-class model. There's a feeling that we take care of ourselves very well and we don't know why someone else is a burden. One day, if it finds it, it's its time. We're not struggling, we're taking good care of ourselves (set the specs high?), not the high or high specs. I've never drawn anything because when I click, people will click from the heart, talk and it clicks, and there's spiritual harmony, but next month the person who used to post here, who is a Hungarian model. He'll come because it's our birthday and Valentine's Day, and he'll fly to us (how did you find the model? She's beautiful. She had to tell) nothing. He came to Thailand and happened to meet, and then he went to Hungary. But he's a world-class model. HE USED TO SHOOT VOGUE COVERS AND ALSO PLAYED IN HOLLYWOOD MOVIES, USED TO PUT THEM ON THIS SHOW, BUT WASN'T A FAN.
Ingfa Varaha recounts a shocking incident where he was nearly raped by a madman next door.|It's another shocking story of a young beauty queen. Ingfa Varaha, who previously shared stories of his past life through the kitchen hit show, and had an interesting point when he was a teenager. M.4 She was nearly raped by a madman next door, but survived with cunning and survival instincts, and she attended the launch event as the first presenter for VIV SKIN, Thai herbal cosmetics brand NO.1 of Chui Waratya and Put Puttichai at VIV SKIN GRAND CELEBRATION 2023 at Central World Live, 8th floor, Central World. With our work in childhood, with the environment, at that point there was a random risk, that is, to be a beggar next to our house. His father was disabled, and the people who would do it badly weren't bad for us. He's an idiot. Let's use the word crazy, because you like to talk alone and you don't normally have the usual consciousness that your mother will always share with him. We didn't think he was going to do anything bad, to trust, and when we were alone, we saw him trying to come in, but we pretended to be yelling on the phone that dad was coming. HE PANICKED AND WENT BACK TO SPONSORED, BUT AT NIGHT HE CAME BACK FOR ANOTHER ROUND. I was in the room and I was screaming and panicking, and my mom and dad woke up, so I managed it in the morning, and when I found myself, I couldn't do anything. One heart wants to take offense, one heart is pitying, because one can't take the matter of a sane person, so he moves away and asks if it becomes a knot in his heart. Nope. It's not like he's a knot because he's a bad person, anything can happen, maybe because we trust too much. As a result of that incident, we become more cautious, not just ourselves. Mom and Dad were more careful at that time, how old I can't remember, but it's around 4th grade. After entering the industry, there is no such thing as this, so it gives us the instinct to survive being in a risk area or being with someone in a vulnerable group."
Cheers, Michelle. Hou Xiu Wins Best Actress at the Academy Award|The U.S. Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced the nominees for the 95th Academy Awards on Jan. 24, U.S. time, and the independent sci-fi film "A24," "Everyting Everyware All at One," also known as "The Multiverse" by directors Daniel Kwan and Daniel Shiner, has been nominated for 11 awards, including Best Picture, Best Director. Best Supporting Actor in a Male and Female, as well as Best Actress for Michelle's Performance. Howl Malaysian actress Made history as the first Asian woman to be nominated for the award, Michelle. Hou had just won best actress for the film on the Golden Globe stage earlier this month. As she struggles with talent like Kate Blanchet. Australian actress Ana de Armas as Marilyn Monroe in "Blonde" and Michelle Williams from "The Fablemans" to become the first Asian actress to win an Academy Award. The German anti-war film "All Queer on the Western Front" and the villainous comedy "The Banchy's of Inishirin" have been nominated for nine awards. LOS ANGELES THEATRE.SPONSORED
Who says oh, M, baby? Post a picture of yesterday showing your real nose, preparing to wait for the new version.|Previously, YouTuber M. Topaz Wongkham lao. The beloved daughter of a famous comedian. Mum Jok Mok The post updated IG that he had undergone nose surgery again. Now in recovery, waiting for everything to fall into place. M. Topaz revealed a photo of his teenage days to his fans, when he hadn't had any nose surgery, and M wrote in the caption, "This time around, the doctor was very surprised. I'd say it's more original than I thought. Who's this? There's a ridge. Just hoo like Peng shi, take a picture of the stock first, the new version is installing", SPONSOREDThis work has attracted hundreds of fans to comment, such as I want to see it and M, Original is so cute, I want to do it too. Mom, I want to follow in my mother's footsteps, the first picture is a beautiful nose already cute, I want to see the new version installing. Just like you want, etc.
Mike Pirat showed off his cute moments when he met Lizzie This work is very hard for Uncle Longlan.|It's a very good moment for me when a young YouTuber, a woman, is pink. The sister of the popular singer duo Golf Pichaya and Mike Pirat Nithipaisankul take Cameron and her brother Elizabeth or Lizzie. THE FIRST DAUGHTER FLEW IN FROM THE UNITED STATES TO VISIT HER FAMILY IN THAILAND. This visit to Thailand by the woman and her family gave Mike Pirat the opportunity to meet Lizzie for the first time. Uncle Mike was so lost to his granddaughter on Instagram that @m1keangelo posted a picture and clip with Lizzie, which is a cute one. When Uncle Mike invited his niece to play together. He smiled at each other in a row, and Mike captioned it: "Finally got a chance to meet my niece. The feeling of meeting my grandchildren for the first time fell in love. Where are you going, how cute are you, uncle Mike is visiting America? Bam Bam!" Aunts and uncles on social media have commented on the cuteness of the little Lizzie in a row, such as Lizzie's very cute grandchild, Little Angel. Mike has a lovely granddaughter, very bright, congratulations, Lizzie... What a cute little girl, what's so cute? You're so cute, etc.
Bow Melda puts on a short dress stacking her motorcycle through traffic jams. My mother just saw me telling her to be willing.|For Bow Melda Susri, who fans are used to naughty but full of cuteness that is regularly seen, and recently there is a picture that reveals the angle of the beautiful but wading beauty of Bow Melda. When you put on makeup and do your hair. WEARING A WHITE MINISKIRT AND BEAUTIFUL WINGS TO ATTEND AN EVENT, BUT BECAUSE OF TRAFFIC JAMS, BOW IN A BEAUTIFUL DRESS HAD TO RIDE A MOTORCYCLE WITH A TRAFFIC POLICEMAN INSTEAD OF SPONSORED. The mother posted this picture and wrote a caption to her daughter, "A rare picture, I just saw it, I just saw it, I'm dying, who's going to die, who's thankful?"
Tak Bongkot reveals the engagement of the magnate Boonchai lightning Misunderstood people are seen as sia children.|As a special guest on the Club Friday Show, Tak Bongkot Benjarongkul opened up about his life and revealed his love in every corner of his heart. Because it's comforting to sit here and talk about it in the first place. That day, someone came to say that it was loud because I used Daotai Tak, I was very angry at that time, Tak went down, so my mother said this. I can see the path that my mother has chosen, and the mother behind me is ready to hit anyone who says that my daughter? It's the anger inside, ready to explode every time anyone asks us about this, is it true that Tak Bongkoch has a girlfriend and is so jealous? Mom will always tell us. He doesn't really love us, you see, isn't it? Every time Tak has a girlfriend, we are very jealous. Singers like this in the past, funny like this. I asked her if she was jealous of a lot of people flirting with us. But it wasn't long before we were the ones who were hard to live with. People flirt with us, he tells you she's beautiful, but she's with her and she's not happy. BHUVANATH: HAVE YOU EVER SPOKEN TO TAK LIKE THIS (TAK WHISPERED TO AHN)SPONSORED, BUT FINALLY BOONCHAI CAME INTO MY LIFE TAK BONGKOT? Now it's single, it's a short conversation, and then it's a misunderstanding, it's a leaked picture, there's drama that it's a babysitter (someone's mounting us). Did he have a wife and go and take him away? Boonchai said the same thing. I think we got engaged first, and Tak said we couldn't get engaged. If I get engaged, how do I withdraw my engagement date? Don't you want to? Both of them. I don't want to get engaged, but I have to get engaged because I saved my face that day, really love enough to be sure?Tak Bongkot: Not called love enough because I just met Tak Bongkot all my life, is he very jealous. I searched my wallet, and there was a woman he called and told him straight away if he was ready to go to the media. If you're not ready, please stop messing around during the loss of your mother, why blame yourself? Mom doesn't have half a skull. Tak couldn't accept it, so he shaved his head and finally his mother left? On April 15, the doctor asked if he could pump his heart, because Tak loved himself, loved his feelings, told him to pump. If the next incarnation really wants to be born smarter, open all the shells of life and love, Tak Bongkoch is on the Club Friday Show on Saturday, January 28 at 12.00pm on Channel 31.
Keep an eye out. The fortune teller predicted. After Songkran, there will be 3 other couples who quit. |Is another famous fortune teller Who predicted unbeatable for Doctor Duole And recently talked about the love of people in the entertainment industry that will be a shock when this couple has to break up And the lottery went out to the couple of super heroines Soup'tar Aum Pacharapa and Hisopok Making many people goosebumps with the prophecy of the doctor Ole today, so we will listen back to the prophecy of the doctor Ole again. Because he said that there will be a hero lover. The heroine had to break up with 3 other couples together. What will Ole predict? Please use your judgment when watching, "Approximately, in the matter of love for herself, it will be visible to 4 couples, counting the first couple, leaving 3 couples, lovers not married, people not married (not Sara's partner. It will be clear after Songkran, there will be news of 3 more couples."
Muay Supaporn launches sweetheart handsome girl The other party, true love, kneels, gives the engagement ring.|Last year, actor Muay Supaporn Calcsilp opened up to Boy One Entertainment that he was so discouraged by his life that he suffered from bipolar disorder that he no longer wanted to breathe. Having endured the unstable emotions and conditions that he has faced every day for the past several years, actor Muay Supaporn has returned to reveal to Boy One Entertainment. Again, with a bright smile, ready to launch a heartfelt person who comes to ask for care forever. "At first I thought I wouldn't have a girlfriend, but I didn't believe the word "popeson niwas" because the past was bad and life got worse, until I met this guy, he watched his behavior for a while, he stopped by to encourage us to ask us about the beginning of this love, he was a fan to help us with live sales, and then we had a conversation, we asked him directly because we felt like we were taking advantage of him because everything he helped us. WHAT DO YOU THINK IF YOU'RE GOING TO TAKE ME AS A FAN? I'm in debt, and I'm 50 years old and I'm going to take an old, fat and not as beautiful person as before. My broken body. He said that he could take care of us for the rest of his life, he was an important encouragement, because he would check everything more thoroughly than the housekeeper. When he came to me, he would be there to cover us with cloth, making us feel lucky to believe that he wouldn't die, otherwise he wouldn't have found him. Thank you for coming into life. Thank you for taking care of me. Thank you very much, we never thought that anyone would really love us without expecting anything"For Tui, the sweetheart of Muay Supaporn worked as a post producer. Behind the scenes of advertising production in the country's leading advertising companies Good work, which is the love story of Muay and Tui. Starting from the other party following the news of Muay during the very difficult life at that time, he was pitying and wanting to help, so he sought to contact him as a fan until he talked and helped to take care of each other after 3 months. If you want to love, ask to be serious and sincere, want to find true love With the sincerity of Tui, who loves and is ready to take care of it, so he promises by kneeling to give Muay an engagement ring, a large diamond ring about 1 carat, costing more than half a million. This engagement, both adults are also aware.
Chui Waratya Show off your beautiful body 2 months after giving birth|It's a red-label mom who still hasn't changed her beauty. For the heroine-theater presenter Chui Waratya Nilkuha The beautiful wife of the young hero-DJ Put Puttichai Kasetsin, who now both have Peirje My 2-month-old son is the latest gold chain, Chui Waratya, to attend his own business event with her husband. This event has attracted quite a bit of social media buzz. When he posted a picture of himself in a party gown, even though he had a suit over it, he said it was a lace shirt and it was very deep. You can see the sexiness of the cabinet, show off your beautiful body. THIS LOOK IS BOTH REALLY COOL AND SEXY.  The event brought people in the entertainment industry as well as fans together to see that mom is very beautiful and very cool, and sent heart emojis to the fullest.
Girlfriend Mon Thanachchai posted a sweet birthday photo of her breakup.|Earlier, rumors circulated that the love affair of teenage actor Mon Thanachchai Vijitwongthong and his girlfriend Baitoey Punnisa. After the couple had been without sweet pictures on Instagram for a while, the event caught the attention of netizens. Most recently today (January 26, 2023), Baitoey posted a picture of her boyfriend Mon wishing her a sweet Heppy Birthday with the message: "Hap my brother y2k. Don't be stubborn, don't be naughty, make it a little bit, ask for years." AFTER THAT, THERE WERE MANY FAN CLUBS COMMENTING AND WISHING A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUNG MON.
"Fang-Wan" joins hands to enter the 7th year, not shaken by paranormal numbers.|A 7-year-old couple, "Fang-Thananthorn Neerasing" and "Wan-Thanakrit Panitwit" have been dating smoothly and simply, stepping into the number 7, which everyone says is a paranormal number for the couple. "My friend has a homestay legacy," and for the first time together, revealing his love for now, "It's been like this for a long time until the 7th year. "Very simple, it's good, I've known each other for many years," Wan said, "It's like an answer that he still doesn't like, but it's okay because it's like that. I've explained that when people get together, they're in a relationship. The longer the time passes, the more forward, but I'm still not sure what day it is. Because it's about two people. Two families who need to talk to each other to understand"Fang "feels weird too, just had an interview like this together"Wan "It's not strange, he knows it all"Straw"(laughs) IT MEANS STANDING NEXT TO EACH OTHER, HEARING HIM TALKING TO US, LIKE WE'RE THE 3RD PERSON, SOMETHING LIKE THAT", "IT'S THE FIRST TIME WE'VE INTERVIEWED A COUPLE"SPONSORED7. "Well, he's been consistent, at first how little, now it's less so (laughs), no, he's caring, he's consistent, he's good-tempered, humorous, he's a little agitated, at first he can't adapt. Now that I understand, maybe it's in my left ear and it's pierced to my right ear so I don't have to think too much (laughs). Okay, he said, you have to divide first, it's a system that is understood, first it's a little puzzling, because you're going to believe it fully. After 50:50", "I'm joking. Addicted to teasing talk. Jokingly, he didn't understand. What a joke, he wouldn't understand, he said that he wasn't real, we said no, when he was just a joke, we grew up with funny videos, but he didn't." Now I understand that it's their language. A little tuning in the language already knows the story. When he reunites with his friends, he looks neat (hua rao) understands that it's a language we wouldn't normally ever meet. When we go to absorb it, we understand that it is normal, understandable. Now I'm used to "Wan" "If you can meet Pop-Oat-ov-Wan at the same time, anywhere", Fang "If you only have been dating for a year and you find that, you may be a little shocked, but now 7 years have been adjusted. I really don't know what to do, because when we go, it's a little softer"We understand why 7 years is a paranormal number, couple life?", "I just talked to Fang about this. I understand why it's a 7-year-old paranormal love, guess what, because it's reached a point where there's a known relationship where you know what's boring to go through. That's what he's like. Long toilet story Manicure is a subject that we are used to. If anyone can skip this boring story, it will go on. But if you feel like you can't move and get bored, you'll stop the relationship altogether. The feeling is the same. The same people. The same behavior is a habit that we have to face this all the time. Which I'm just like, "Straw, paranormal number 7, I've been hearing it for a while, but I don't think about it, because straw doesn't count. Now it's okay, not in disbelief. The two of us don't intend to count how many days, how many months, how many years. Live your life and say that if it's not good. It doesn't have to be 7 years, it can't be good".
“G’NEST” New artist "Tigger" debuts MV single "R U OK?"|Finally, G'NEST. GMM Grammy's record label has launched a new artist through its social media channels with the caption "The first solo artist from G'NEST". Because that little guy is nobody, where? He is Tigger-Ashira Therio. Beloved son of Mother Nicole Therio and Cat-Jirasak Dad Pan Phum, who has been a trainee in GMM Academy for more than 2 years, has attracted fans. Happy with comments waiting to follow the song, but of course, the most excited person right now is probably Nicole's mom, who shared every photo of her son and thanked all the encouragement that followed Tigger, let's raise the position of FC No.1, so let's wait to watch the MV debut single "R U OK?" of Tigger. On February 1st at 6pm on Youtube Channel :@gnest_official #TIGGER_RUOK #TIGGER THERIAULT #ทิกเกอร์ #GNEST#GMM Grammy Artist Tracking Channel YouTube : gnest_ official, Tigger Theriault Instagram & Twitter & TikTok & Facebook : @tigger theriault &@gnest_official and Instagram : @tiggerachira.SPONSORED
"Lipta" dreams of "Genius" joining famous artists to deliver single "I'm worried about how cute she is."|The single was released for the fifth time for Jeanius-Nova Makuklia. The song is also a collaboration with the long-awaited artist themoon willalwaysbewithme, the owner of the hit song Sulupaka. "For "I'm about her cuteness," Ji had the opportunity to work with Themoonwillalwaysbewithme, the first song in her life that wasn't written by Ji, so she shared her story with her instead. At that time, Ji told him that Ji was having the feeling that he wanted to see someone every day. Because he's the only one who makes our boring world brighter than ever, it's probably the main message of this song, like the verse that says, "Although life isn't good, there's still good things in this world." Because I want him to do his best work and then we can try something new as well, which Ji likes very much because we are already fans of his brother. When I worked with him, it was an honor. The response after letting go was also quite good. Music video Genius got involved by shooting himself. Collect footage from your trip back to visit your family. "SPONSORED can now be viewed on YouTube Kicks Records, as well as listen to this song on all music streaming channels MV www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6riptEXWRw
"Mike-Phantharit" awakens the magic, getting the most difficult and rocky piece in the movie "Puppet".|Famous director Mike-Pandharit Chotikrishdasopon The release of a new challenging film, "Puppet", a horror genre that this time comes in an extraordinary way, Mike said... There's another side to it from the fact that I've been to a location in a province. I dreamed of filming here, but the location never allowed me, so I decided to shoot in another province until 4 years ago. I intend to go back to this location again. I kept thinking along the way that if I were to make a real puppet movie, I would shoot it wherever I wanted it to be. Unexpectedly, I tried to get back to Wat Khok Kaew and Master Xuan's monastery, both of which had rejected me during the three films. Both of these rounds allowed me to film easily. I've always heard of puppets, which have two strings: a white belt or a deity cord, a black belt or a dazzling cord. Each line is different by name, both for you to protect and to destroy. That's why in the movie Puppets, I wanted to present it in a multifaceted way. In the story is horror-horror. I think this movie is the hardest job, the most rocky work since I directed the film "SPONSORED" puppet "Puppet" starring Phuwin-Phuvin Tangsaksong, Up-Phumphat Iamsamang, Nik-Khunathip Pin-adorn, Amy-Tosorn Klinnium, Hut-Sivawong Piyakesin, Pop-Suriya Yaosang, Eddie Heng-Somyos Matures, Euro-Warachthip, etc. In theaters nationwide.
Yaya reveals that Nadej gave a gift of diamond necklace for 11 years.|Just got back from a trip to Switzerland. For the young heroine, Yaya Urasya, this trip can be called Puppab Tour because she has booked tickets according to her boyfriend Nadej Kukimiya. This event made many people wonder if there will be good news or not, which Yaya immediately rushed out that there is no last time. Yaya attended the press conference to launch the UNIQLO Spring/Summer 2023 collection under the theme of "The Art of Everyday Life" at Fashion Hall, 1st floor, Siam Paragon Shopping Mall. "SPONSORED IS YAYA TO CELEBRATE THE NEW YEAR WITH HER FAMILY FIRST AND THEN GO WITH NADEJ?"YES, HE WENT WITH HIS FAMILY AND THEN NOTHING TO DO, SO I WENT TO SWISS (LAUGHS)"SKIING IS FUN?", "REALLY, I CAN'T SKI, BUT I USED TO STUDY WHEN I WAS VERY YOUNG", "BROTHER BEAR DU ENJOYED A LOT?"YES, HE WAS ALREADY GOOD, HE TAUGHT AS MUCH AS HE COULD TEACH, BUT THE ASS WAS VERY GREEN, FELL APART, BUT THIS TRIP ALLOWED US TO GET THROUGH THE FEARS, AND MY FAVORITE WAS THAT THE SKI SUIT WAS VERY BEAUTIFUL, SO I felt that it was okay that we weren't good at playing, but we looked beautiful. I just feel like I'm wearing it and I'm beautiful (smiling)"Brother Bear gave me a diamond necklace?"Oh yes, it's a gift that Brother Bear gave me on the 11th anniversary, but it's something we didn't ask for. It's so cute, I also have something I like in the shape of a popsicle horse. "Do you give me gifts for every festival?" But I still can't find the opportunity to wear it, so I put it on there, but it's very cold, I'm very patient." "We wrote the caption, "This necklace my girlfriend bought for me?" This caption has been around for a long time. Think before you take the dress (laughs)." What did he tell us?", "I didn't tell you anything, we were going to give you a gift, we gave it to you normally"What did Yaya give me?"Give me a cake, give me a cake (laughs) Alternately, last year I gave you a big item", can you tell me why it was designed to be this item? Is it the only diamond in the world that I like?", probably because he thought for himself, which at first I didn't see anything. I only saw a diamond ear full (laughs) until he told me this is a popsicle. Is this your heart, do you see it?" Otherwise, the next gift for him, we have to take this (laughs)"MANY PEOPLE ARE WAITING TO SEE IF THE TRIP TO SWITZERLAND WILL HAVE A MOMENT BECAUSE THEY SEE SNOW IN THE SHAPE OF A HEART?"NO (SMILE)"ARE WE WAITING BECAUSE WE SEE THE EYES?SPONSORED"NO, BECAUSE MANY PEOPLE ASK ABOUT SNOW IN THE SHAPE OF OUR HEADS. We're playing with each other, "Are there any wedding moments?" This trip we didn't intend to go on anymore, it was a trip that I went to, "We sensed that he wouldn't ask us to marry?" After he left for 2 days, "In case you bear will carry it with you all the time?" I don't know"When I packed my bags, did I think I had a nice dress just in case?" I don't think so, because it's cold, I can't prepare anything so beautiful"I don't know, but I don't dream of anything like that, but the wedding has already been in my head, I've thought about it since I was a child, and I've told him about it, but someone has to ask me first(smile)"Valentine's day has any special plans?", "Valentine's day works(smile)".
Saipan Apinya wins defamation lawsuit|Fighting for authenticity for more than 2 years. Sai hemp won the case. Diving instructor posts defamatory posts on social media, damaging reputation and business. kriangchai visitsorn The lawyer in charge of the case said, "After the court granted the defendant's motion for bail and refused to cross-examine the witnesses, the court ordered Mr. Sai hemp and his company, who are the plaintiffs in the case, to win, seeing that the defendant had committed the actual offense as charged, and since the defendant committed the first offense, he had to wait for the criminal trial and pay the legal fine, including the defendant to pay the damages to the plaintiff according to the judgment with interest. The defendant is the one who pays the cost and the defendant deletes all the defamatory statements in the suit and if he fails to pay the fine under Sections 29 and 30 of the Code, the defendant shall pay the customary fees on behalf of the two plaintiffs by determining the attorney fee prescribed by the court according to the judgment. The court fee shall be substituted according to the amount of the plaintiff's winnings. "On the hemp side, who has been dealing with this case for a long time. "To this day, it is considered very relieving, I leave it to everyone, it is something that should not even happen and should not take so much of life before posting or printing anything. Perhaps posting and typing only takes a few seconds. BUT THE CONSEQUENCES ARE TIME-CONSUMING, MENTAL HEALTH, AND NERVE-WRACKING." There's a lot more to do. I want everyone to live their lives with respect for each other and respect for each other. Wrong as it is, wrong as it is, right as it is. Today, everything is clear. Thank you to everyone who has always encouraged each other, from family, friends, brothers and sisters. Fans, customers, students, thank you for this experience, thank you to Lawyer Tum and the Thai justice movement. Thank you so much".
Is this the right one? Senior Girl Fr. Kaew Charinya had a crush on him as a singer.|When Kaew Charinya revealed the secrets of the past to have a crush on someone in the entertainment industry through a game book answering a question in one of the shows that one of the people in the industry that you used to spread to him that we like, hint at the following hints 1 abbreviation 2 professions Position in the show Kaew even hesitated to eat strange food or to tell his secret. Before glass agrees to tell the secret, it is a kamikaze time. He's a senior, but a woman. The abbreviation Fr. was both an actor and a singer, before Fang turned to ask. Glass said that he really liked it, and the glass sent his eyes as an answer to this question instead after Kaew Charinya. Answering that question, there are netizens who are fans of Kaew Charinya. When I was a singer, I guessed that I was a senior. For example, "Where Kaew used to spread mass is Brother Four, yes widow, the person that Brother Kaew used to like, is Brother Four, is it senior in Kami, there is only one band because I am the first band of the camp, or will you secretly say to avoid another person who is a couple?, senior The youngest brother in the camp is the only one. And then there's Brother Fang, who is older than Brother Kaew, the older one. There are only 2 people in the abbreviation F. I personally think it's more of a straw brother. BECAUSE THIS COUPLE IS VERY CLOSE, TECH TAKES CARE OF EACH OTHER VERY WELL (SECRETLY FEELS THAT MR. FANG LOOKS TENSE WHEN THE GLASS RESPONDS THE SAME, BUT DOES IT DO MORE SLICK BEATING?".SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Marina clears instead of Pok-Markey after finding out that her brother-in-law has a small house (clip)|It became a hot topic. After rumors emerged that the star's husband had a small house and had a hint that he was tilting left. As a result, many people linked to the couple Pok Passornkorn and Margie Rasri, causing many netizens to flock to Margie's personal Instagram account. Marina Sadanan Margie's sister attended Regal F.C. Year II presented by Chivas the Blend on the 1st floor of the Quartier Gallery, EmQuartier. I saw when it was a hit news, and then I saw what was going on at first, and then who he was talking about, and then someone said it wasn't. He didn't mention this person when we finished reading, so I was puzzled as to why no one called to talk to us. My mom made three phone calls in the morning to talk about her grandchildren and food, so I didn't think it would be that much." Talk to him about something else. I didn't ask about it because I didn't know, and he didn't feel troubled"When was the last time I met Pok-Margie?", "I met before he went to Japan"Everyone in the house seemed to be silent about this news?"Yes, everyone has this guy, busy with his grandchildren because he's already gone to school. He has a lot of work to do, so we don't update each other, most of the time we have work updates because now we have a project together"Called the situation of our sister's family now, is it normal?" "I'm confused as to why this news is linked to my sister?", I don't want to find a place to go. I'm very puzzled because each news that comes to our house is quite unusual. As I was tethered to Pok. I was puzzled as to what we were doing and why he was linking to us, so I went to read the summary that there was nothing. He guessed and then dispersed, "Insist that no one can shake Pok except Margie?" He's cute. He's not shy, "Do we insist?" Maybe annoying too (laughs). I don't know how to confirm it. Accidentally, he might have a third child. We're glad that we're with someone he cares about and is really sincere."We are sure of you?", I am sure. So don't spoil me (laughs). I'm very confident in my brother Pok and I'm very confident in my sister that my sister is taking it."
Indy Intouch-Honey Passorn moves the knot "Who made my mom, see you later", shocking everyone.|It has become an issue that makes many people wonder what exactly happened. When young actor Indie Intouch Liaorakwong The cherished son of famous couple Bee Theerapong Liaorakwong and Honey Passorn Bunyakiat. "Who did my mom, I won't let you see you?" and soon after, Honey Passorn also posted a boiling message on her personal IG to protect her son, Indy. By saying "Who made my baby, mom wouldn't let me know?" recently mom Honey has come out via Instagram, which is just promoting the drama. @pymmy #หลงเงา"SPONSOREDThe apologized to many fans for being shocked and worried, posting a message via IG Story: "Apologies to everyone who shocked me. I don't mean to, I'll leave the drama with a shadowy start February 15th".
Eid Ponglangsaon prepares to send happiness through music at Bangkok Music Festival|Bangkok organizes a Bangkok music performance to send happiness through music to the people of Bangkok by performing music from the Bangkok Sangkit Division together with artists, musicians Famous guest singers At the Bangkok Music Festival "Bangkok Music Fest" throughout New Year's Eve. On Saturday, January 28 and Sunday, January 29, 2022, The Sangkit Division has filled everyone with 2 types of music performances, 2 venues, 2 days as follows: Saturday, January 28, 2022 at West 2 Sports Hall, Bangkok Youth Center (Thailand-Japan). Din Daeng will be treated to a full-fledged Bangkok dance band with special performances from The Thailand Rhythmic Champion and Asia Pacific Champion. Mr. Vajraporn Tigersubphan and special guest singer Khun Phanchai Arunchan are ready to open the floor for rhythmic dancers to join the dance in ballroom and Latino rhythms from 2.00 p.m. and on Sunday, January 29, 2023, ending "Bangkok Music Fest" with Pong Lang Mahanakhon and one of Thailand's best singers. And for Saturday, January 28, 2023, at the lawn in front of Museum Siam from 5:00 p.m. onwards, SPONSORED invites you to listen to music. Recreation Do activities with family on weekends. Spread happiness during New Year's Eve and join bangkok with "Bangkok Music Fest" 2023.
Joey Phuvasit After being thrown in the face, I just want to honor the status of ordinary people.|It has become a hot topic all over the world online. When there was a clip of the famous singer Joey Phuvasit. Anantpornsiri, the owner of the hit single Na Na Thong, Duang Duan, April Will Go Back, Sixth Month Contract, etc., who is performing on stage at a store in Chonburi province and was thrown in the face by a customer. After the clip went viral. Many people have come to comment on the criticism. Joey Pws made his first move, posting on Facebook, "As an ordinary person, I want to just let us love each other and respect each other as ordinary people. Thanks for all the encouragement. I'm fine both physically and mentally, and I hope that my energy will be delivered to my brothers and sisters. Good night#เด็กเกเรกินดึก"The fans who followed sent a lot of encouragement to Joey, such as very good brother, cheering for him, encouraging brother, people growing up in a different way. Fight, fight, victory is not caused by nonviolence, but by being an intellectual. younger brother #3มิติ, take care of your mind and so on.
Pok looked on. The post strikes lightly after being linked to the heroine's infidelity.|From the case of online mounting issues The case of the soup'tar family, whose husband has a small house, which caused many celebrity couples to be caught by hints, has become a hot topic among netizens who want to know which celebrity couple they are. Even guessing from time to time, it's linked to Pok's partner. Passornkorn and Margie Rasri have caused many netizens to flock to Margie's personal Instagram account. Sadanan Margie's sister has confirmed that she is definitely not a sister and brother-in-law's partner. Pok himself has moved through IG Stories. HE POSTED A MESSAGE THAT LOOKED LIKE A CUT-OFF, WHICH READS "ANYTHING X" AND INCLUDES A LOOK-ON EMOJI SYMBOL AS A FINALE.SPONSORED
Zap flick, chipmunk, arsiam, post showing off round buttocks, bounce, we will take care of it.|When it comes to sexy singers, many people must think of Chipmunk Arsiam or Horn Boonyaphan for sure, because it stands one thing about zap. Chipmunk made Instagram almost go up in flames. When he posted a photo showing off his bouncy round buttocks while on the bed, with the caption "Care for mom for...!!!", the event drew a row of fans who followed each other about the spiciness of the photo. It's even said that the chipmunk's buttocks are so out of focus that they don't read the captions. LET'S GIVE YOU THE TITLE OF SEXY STAR, THE MOTHER OF THE ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY.
Unveiling McCue's face Son Seri Rungsawang, who many people have never seen, resembles a love interest.|Another of Thailand's leading country singers. For Seri Rungsawang, who recently wielded a good-sounding son. Sebenz Rungsawang opened the cute moment through the talk show on Channel One31 and revealed the belief of the father who thinks that Ah Yodrak is born as his own son. How do you love each other, kiss each other? We see it every day, when we go anywhere, we have to smell our children, in the morning our children come to smell us. My dad did the same thing in the morning, and then we got stuck. When we raise our children, do we smell them when we smell our father? It's been like this since I was a kid, nowadays it's not me alone, it's all siblings, it's like kissing my dad?: What are the iron rules in this house?A: No, actually, we raise the wrong children. We're too indulgent, we're afraid our kids will be in trouble, right? The car used to hit schoolchildren, and we missed them. If your child walks like this, The car can't hit Gu, but I'm sure there's something with us, so I'm going to buy a van. I TOOK A MAID TO DRIVE ME TO THE FRONT OF THE SCHOOL, AND THEN IN THE EVENING I picked it up, but it didn't satisfy us that when I grew up, it escaped the school.sponsored Sebenz: Actually, I wasn't very good at studying, but I didn't go anywhere, I was in the Thai music room, rehearsing music, and then lying in there, so how could my dad get angry? Sebenz: I don't like going out, I have very few friends, I play Thai music with us. : I don't really teach singing. I don't like to teach, and I don't like to teach anyone. We don't know how good we are, we're afraid of the words he's coming from. I'm going to teach Gu. How good is that? This word is very important to our children at the front of the stage. We'll take a bite. Sing well, and the audience will boo when it sings, the audience will not let the father sing. People boo me, do you say that? What if I don't give him a boo? It has to be sung well, McCue. His real name is Seri Rungsawang, it's his father's name? He was born 7 and a half months. He was bleeding. His mother had to dissect it, dissect it quickly, or he would die. There are 3-4 names when he was born badly, but this name falls on him, it will match him, and it will be very good, promote children, promote father. Ah Seri: How old is Seri Jr., now that he is?McCue: 12 I want to push him to be a model, an actor, but what do we really want to be?Maccue: Scientist Sebenz: When I was a kid, I wanted to be only a drummer. When I went to school, I was afraid. Aseri: Yes, because we went to school like that, we didn't see how he studied, so he hired a teacher to teach at home. Why do you want to study at Home School?Aseri: During COVID, he was born 7 and a half months ago, right? School could be next to each other, so we didn't go to school at that time, we couldn't get vaccinated, so we stayed at home, and now if we can't study, we can't catch up with him, so we hired a teacher to teach at home. Once in a while, it can get stuck. Another thing, the girlfriend has a blood disease. His uterus is attached to the spine, it will be difficult to have a baby, now he has 2 miscarriages, and then his love is gone. I was told that when I was a kid, I was a kid He looked like a lover, and I said no, this is my baby, but we noticed when he was 2 years old, we sang, sailed to find love and thanked the fans. He walked to the front of the stage. He cried out in a flurry of ways. I don't know why. When I slept at night, he said. This person, we say, is not, not a lover born as our child. When I slept at night, he would put his hand, and when my lover died, he would hold my hand. When he died, it was fifteen minutes midnight. This person at night he likes to hold my hand and sleep and have to give me a hug every night, and nowadays it's still like this, deep down, do you think? We observe when he plays. He likes to unwrap his nails. I love you so much, I love you so much, and sometimes when you sleep, you like to smile like a maccue, do you know your love? When I lost my love, I had a miscarriage and a fortune teller told me that I would have to be born again. This is the 3rd person bleeding for 7 and a half months. Mom almost died having to be dissected.
Former celebrity hero Jason Young recently became a police officer in Australia.|Earlier, fans were left heartbroken after the famous bastard hero Jason Young asked for a break in the Thai entertainment industry. He was promoted to Senior Protective Services Officer under the Queensland Police Department (Squad7th/2022) after four months on duty and was selected for additional theoretical and practical training to enhance his recent efforts to maintain order and counterterrorism within Queensland. Jason Young has updated via his personal Instagram account with a changed look. The caption reads, "A great life is a life that can be lived by eating, precept, mercy and gratitude. Sermons Luang Puman Puritatto"This event has attracted a lot of fans to like and comment with the handsomeness in the new look that looks eye-catching aura, such as this comment that says "I like you the way you are so much followed from entering the industry until now. IF IT WAS THE POLICE, IT WOULDN'T BE LIKE TO BE A SPONSORED. I see you in real life, I want to want to be. Thank you for being a good person, a good example, I wish you happiness, I want you to catch fake police who take advantage of the Thai people.
Rumors Famous heroine prepares to make a comeback Netizens flocked to the industry.|Make fans buzz after the news The former drama channel magnetic heroine is preparing a comeback on Ch7hd when the Facebook page 7HDSocietyFc7 posted, "#แอดสายฝัน Former magnetic heroine of drama channel prepares a comeback. Whether or not Ch7HD is real or not, stay tuned. Kwan can come back, I can come back. A sobbing sound in my heart, but I could hear it. This is a #Ch7hd #Ch7hddramafanclub #7สีSocietyFc7 #7HDSocietyFc7" event. . YES, THAT'S WHERE EVERYONE GUESSES OR NOT, LET'S WAIT FOR THE WIN.
Claudia Show off your sexy figure in a bikini The weather is hot, it can't beat the heat.|It's called the passage of time, she can't really do anything for such a talented actress as Claudia. The beauty and zest remain the same, there is no change. Claudia packed her bags for a chilly beach trip with her boyfriend, who went to the beach and didn't disappoint her fans. This works. Claudia It's full of swimsuits and bikinis, with her boyfriend releasing the shutter in a flash. Claudia also posted a picture of herself in a tiny bikini. SHOWING OFF HER SLIM BODY WITH AN S WAIST AND WRITING THE CAPTION "CHOOSE A PICTURE UNTIL #แฟนถ่ายรัวมาก EYES ARE NOT LEFT, IT'S OK, HUH YOU FANS #ร๊ากกกที่สุด"MADE A LOT OF FANS WHO FOLLOWED TO COMMENT BECAUSE CLAUDIO HAS ALREADY MADE A FIRE ALL OVER INSTAGRAM.
Boiling, loud singers, insults to parents Hiso nectar fan Navin Tarr until pungent.|There's more homework to be done. After the sweetheart of young Navin Tarr is busy selling her chicken rice, but there's a headache. When the news came from a close insider that Hiso nectar Paswi Payakkhabutr prepared evidence for the prosecution. Popular singers On the verge of dignity, both dormant, this story says that the work is in. The singer was so popular because he got the news now. Hiso Nectar prepares to prosecute the famous singer Create agitation. Make others misunderstand themselves. In the past, we have always supported the famous singer. The nectar is very boiling. A close friend of the lawyer suggested taking the matter to the extreme, because otherwise the story would not end, and it would also damage the nectar. As for who the lottery is going to go to, this one has to follow.sponsored
Pong Nawat Warn never flirts with girls, prefers the Y2K way of talking.|For the young hero Pong Nawat Kulrattanarak, recently being impersonated by the name of Thakchat to flirt with a girl Until having to come out to post to defend himself that it is not real By Pong said, "From personal experience, I have not encountered any force, the type to trick him, sell directly or something scary. A woman or a female fan cap sends it to look like sending a message to flirt with him, which I will say that if you see it, it is not me. Maybe a lot of them aren't Thai either. Maybe it's a foreigner, and then use Google to translate. You'll know that Google translated. It's funny, it's more like flirting with a woman, but the trick hasn't been found yet, so please don't meet because you're afraid of getting faked a lot?", I didn't catch anything. Simply search for your name on Facebook. Try searching for ig a lot, too. I think all the actors are going to get hit. As I said, I haven't found anything scary or a scam. Ask how to handle it. You help each other report. If I see it, I'll take a screenshot of it and paste it on my IG. This one is fake, it's not good, it's not good, let's fool the villagers and discredit us too, fooling each other, it's not good anyway, this one is definitely "Is someone fooled into believing that it's true?", I don't know. If you're fooled, you won't tell me, which means that as far as people seem to believe, then sue me for falsifying my name. If people believe it, they have to be careful. I played the only one at the official that was a picture of me falling apart. ONE DAY IT MIGHT CHANGE, BUT NOW IT'S THAT PICTURE," SAID SPONSORED, WHO SAID THAT IF YOU SEND A MESSAGE TO FLIRT, IT'S DEFINITELY NOT. But what if we're going to flirt now?", we're 90s kids, Y2K. Yes, Pa likes to meet and talk more, because sometimes, to be honest, being a DM actor, getting hit with some caps (laughs), getting hit with some news, which is not safe. He DM for us, he DM for everyone. I think it's a flirtatious approach that doesn't work. Women are not to be liked. I thought, do you really like the picture? You have to see each other, you can see each other, you can talk like this, "You're afraid of not matching the cover, right?", you're also afraid of not hitting the cover. We're afraid of not covering him either. Everyone, when they post a picture, we look okay, maybe it looks a little better than the real one, maybe it doesn't match the cover with us as well, let's see each other, let's talk, prove that it's really ourselves. I don't know if the modern kid might get it, maybe it's ok, I'm not sure either"The person to talk to now must be someone close to you?". Well, as I said, it's better to see each other, not to DM anyone, it's news. It's disrespectful, but I think it's flirtatious too. Dm to a woman, he thinks, DM can find me, he has to DM to find someone else as well, "Will it be a connection in the friends?", it is not a fixed rule, but how to find it, depending on the horoscope. I don't have one right now. I've been answering this question since I was a teenager, and now I still answer it (do you want any new answers?). It's true, so I answered it this way. If there's anything, go ask the kids, I don't have any hormones (laughs)"And there's a DM girl coming?", I didn't really go in to see it because it's a lot, there's a lot of press, there's some press to see the work, there's Chinese, Vietnamese brothers, there's also the language, we can't read it, we don't answer anything, we look at it."
Cherprang becomes BNK48 director In the past, I worked so much that I felt the loss of my teenage life.|It surprised the fans quite a bit. When the girl idol group BNK48 announced the appointment of Cherprang Arikul. The band leader becomes the new band manager. Cherprang opened up on the table show and revealed how he feels about being appointed to this new role as captain, what is the duty to do?"We take care of the younger ones in training, we are the oldest in the band right now, which we will take care of the overall order, leading the children to rehearse, which we take care of the youngest, it is 10 years old, it is difficult, like from junior high school to college. "Some people who are out of contract go out and grow up?", both as actors and then with their own camps, taking care of themselves, some of them being influencers. Some people aim to be singers, but even then they are still BNK48, because without them, they wouldn't be where they are today."Where did you get into the band in your 20s?", when we first studied in Mahidol University in year 2, where we graduated with 2nd class honours, but unfortunately waited a little longer to get first-class honors. We graduated from international faculties. "SPONSORED, HOW DO YOU USE WHAT YOU LEARNED?" But what the future holds, we don't know, we think the principles of scientific research make us feel like we have experimented and hypothesized, because being in BNK48 is about wanting to know how his idol works and what he finds. I said I'm going to graduate on time and I'm not going to drop it, and I'm going to do both as well as I can. At first the family didn't understand, we were stubborn, but in the end it showed that we were both good at it. We finished one semester late, "Study hard, work hard?" It's been a long time since then, so it makes us feel like we're working hard, isn't it? I used to think about turning around because I didn't have any knowledge of singing and dancing, but I had to try and adjust myself to do my best"Do you want to continue studying?"I really wanted to continue my education, but when I really came to work in this area, I thought, I am not a science professor, I will not be a researcher of that size, but maybe I will manage the care of that."What has BNK given me?"What does BNK give you? As for our natural aptitude, we may have been managing and coordinating things since we were studying management, but we have to wait. Now we have the opportunity to work firsthand, and we are given additional duties. Now that I've been the band manager, "What do you have to do?" and I've been communicating with the band since I was captain. But now it's becoming more and more clear, including taking over the management of artist development, namely the younger members of BNK48, organizing lessons, coordinating with dance teachers, singing teachers and staff, who is going to go where, what events are doing, what roles and responsibilities to talk to. Today, it's still doing its best as it always does. AS FOR WHETHER IT'S LOUD OR NOT, AT LEAST EVERY DAY WILL DO ITS BEST, FOCUS ON THE RESULTS."
Super bang. Anna joins Pink Arya at Fashion Week|It's a beautiful event. For Anna Vrintorn, who previously shuffled on the Paris Fashion Week 2023 runway, creating a buzz at the same time. Anna Warithorn came in a pink suit opposite her mother, taking a photo together at the Valentino fashion show and posting a photo on social media with the caption "I'm so glad I met my mom. Mom came to see Valentino in a terrifying way"And this event, he came out to post, met all mothers of all institutions, gathered at the Valention show, and also posted a picture on Instagram, leaving a message to dear friend Melon Nida, "Get well soon. I met her @melonp.official, our team is addicted to the series #emilyinparis".SPONSORED
Boy Boiling Instead Joey casts a long spell on the couple, throwing money in the face, assuring the other singers don't end there.|From the case of the famous young singer Joey Phuvasit. Anantpornsiri, the owner of the hit single Na Na Thong, Duang Duan, April Will Go Back, Sixth Month Contract, etc., who was performing on stage at a restaurant in Chonburi province, was thrown in the face by a customer after the clip went viral. Many people have come forward to criticize it as unreasonable behavior. This includes senior singers in the industry, such as Boy Anuwat or Boy Peacemaker, who recently released a personal Facebook post. Commenting on the incident, the message reads, "I have a lot of respect for Joey's heart, very calm, very calm control, very good handling of the situation in front of him, what happened to him and what he was doing. It's not that you hold the money and do anything for us, or that we can do anything. Every profession has its own value. Everyone has their own values. We come to work, give real happiness, we get paid in money. But we are not your slaves who will order us to do whatever we please, or to accept being abused, insulted, insulted, honored, and honored. Don't use money to judge people's worth. Please respect and respect each other, SPONSORED, when we are cute with you, you see that we are easy to do anything. When we have regulations that prohibit this, you find that we have a lot, a lot of things. I want you to understand us. I would like to thank those who give money to your favorite singers when you please them. Be gentle. You are a person with a beautiful heart and high respect for others, sir, good luck to you that the singer in front of you, he is a lovely person. Be calm and mindful. Please don't take advantage of his cuteness to hurt his heart and don't let this happen again."
J-Pin shows sweetness on 22nd wedding anniversary despite 3 children, but the legs of the bed are still stable.|It is another couple of showbiz who many consider to be the outstanding family. For the family of singers J Jetrin and Pin Kejmanee, even though their 3 sons are now young adults, the sweetness of their parents is still like a new relationship. J Jetrin posted an old photo with his wife and wrote a message for their 22nd wedding anniversary saying "Happy 22nd Anniversary #27january #jjetrin #anniversary #kejmanee #seadoo #GTX215 #siamwatercraft", and Pin himself posted a cute clip of him walking hand in hand and wrote, "22 years of marriage, 28 years of marriage, flirting".
The ring helps to be the glue for the heart. Good night, clear drama, shake hands, don't tease anyone.|After The Ring Ring Pawarisa posted an IG Story encouraging her friend Aum Phatcharapa who recently broke up with her boyfriend Hisopok President Wong. Pornprabha Until it is considered by many people to be a male man? Last seen Ring attended a press conference on the advancement of early breast cancer treatment at the Grand Hyatt Erawan Hotel. "It went viral, I was shocked, I just came back from Australia and I had a meeting with my brother in the New Year. I actually heard about it and called and told it about, we still don't know the story, it's still countdown, and you tell it just like it's news. When we got back, we made an appointment. Tease each other and we and Puck are close. He's cute, he's our friend, it's like teasing, and then when he holds his hand, like he loves each other, is a brother, that day is a tease to each other, because at that time the issue of hands was not known, still only talked in a small group, which was carried with the fallow ring, and then the next day there was news of the issue of holding hands, which did not come from the ring, of course. I don't want it to be a big deal. I don't want drama. He wants to stop being a matter of two people. I don't want anyone else to get involved. It turned out that the clip went viral, shocked, teased, and he was friends, and he watched it all the time. HE ALSO SENT A LAUGHING FACE, "SPONSORED, DON'T TEASE ANYONE? "NO, TEASE, JUST CARRY IT, HE'S A FRIENDLY GUY. It was like he wasn't talking to me at the time. But we also want him to be friends, cute to both of us. I'm a beloved sister, and I think I can be friends. Let's hang out together. I hope for the near future. We just met last week, and you were cute walking over and saying hello, "People come to see me, like the clip is interpreted as something more?" At first I was still amused because I didn't know who I was talking about, I still laughed, but when the picture of the handshake became even more crushing on the point, at first she intended it to be about two people, and then the issue of holding hands came out, people thought it must be true. Seeing this kind of handshake, who is that woman, so people stare at the woman, so there are other people who get in trouble too. Instead of breaking up for good, it turned out that someone else had come in. I don't have a 3rd hand at all, and I don't flirt with it. He's a good guy," he said, "and they're both too similar, and they've known for a while. During COVID-19, he didn't see anyone, just stayed like a friend. She didn't break up, she just stayed and we met last week. I didn't meet up, I met by chance, I still walked over, I came back to be the same as before, it wasn't like she had anyone else. I hate you, I can't look at each other, it's a couple that I've known for a while, that they don't get along at all. He's been making up his mind for a while," SPONSORED, "CAN YOU STILL BE FRIENDS?" If it's a little lighter, he's ok because he's basically been friends before, but he insists there's no 3rd hand, purely habits, not anger, hate each other." It's more of a different kind of emotion, not hating each other, but if you meet and feel afraid of clashing. It's hot and hot, but when the other one gets cold, it starts talking to the other person. "It's not just a ring. All my friends try to be the glue because they are our lovely friends, and you are kind and loving. Basically, he's been friends before, too. All your friends want to get together, maybe you can see a group photo together, not break up and look at each other. More importantly, it's not about the 3rd hand, it's that he's going to be a western style, maybe a lulla, but there's no femininity during the relationship. After that, it's about him, "Is this gang of support friends shining back?" It's about two people. It's his own decision, but if they come back to be friends, they'll be fine. My friends were very pleased because I used to hang out together, stay together, and I couldn't look at each other, and I wasn't the one who said, I can't be friends with you again. I'll have someone new. Will curse you until the heavens break down. It's not like that. They broke up for good, and thought they could be friends again. Will it return? I don't really know, maybe we'll have to keep watching"Handshake=Friend, it's like we're alluding to Matt Bheerney? I don't know anything about it, but the next day the clip came out. At the time, the show called a lot of interviews, the ring wasn't anywhere, it was about shocking what was going on, and then the ring had a little baby problem. My dad went to the ICU, and we were stressed at the time, and we didn't get much, but I knew roughly what I thought. I haven't entered the year yet, but as far as I'm concerned, I don't have much, and the news came. Brother A came on, became a tour, brother A was very big, that day did not interview anything, but the show itself was a tricolor news on Channel 3, can you please talk about this? We don't want to say nothing, we don't know what's going to happen. He told me to say a little bit, so we insisted on the show that you didn't have a 3rd hand story. So with that youngster. It's not related, but it's true. He's a ring friend, we know each other, no, of course, and then we've been with this couple, and we've seen that he's not flirting at all. Many people may think of Lalla, but during the relationship with Aum, there was no girl at all, so we cleared it. He didn't say anything, alluding to the handshake. It's not about that brother".
"Jenny Panan" This moment feels good about herself, balances life, rushes to find happiness.|It's not just a logo of fun, ha, the talented host "Jenny Panan" or Jenny-Watchara Sukchum is famous. From being the host of the unique travel show "Tay Tourism Thailand" every Sunday at 23.00 on GMM25 channel, we are ready to continue in the entertainment industry with passion. And look at balancing life with points. The 36-year-old was the moment Jenny felt most about herself and asked to shoot a fashion show. Choose to spend time in your present life to be happy because no one knows the future of the day ahead during your GMM trip. Grammy and TrueMove H organized "TrueMove H Pabin To Eat In Hokkaido with Jenny Gotchi Season 2" to bring the lucky winners to Hokkaido, Japan with 2 hot hosts from the Thai travel show. Last year I bought a condo, but it wasn't finished. This year, I thought I'd like to share my working life with other areas, such as a condo to be cleared. Personally, I want to make a resort in the province. Pai came with me, I felt fire, I wanted to find a place to do a resort, so I thought this year I wanted to go there more and take care of myself. Beauty I have more time to take care of myself and I feel like I need to add some skills to myself. In addition to work It really has the skills we can do, but we want to go and practice more. Now we are learning to dance a new skill that I want to wait and see, and another thing that has been a dream since my school days is music skills. We're going to train too, but we're going to have to wait and see this year. The work we do may not be adaptive, but we choose to do more."SPONSORED, where is the turning point for wanting to have this dream?", this has been going on for a while. The first turning point I saw was that since I had my breasts. When we see our changes, we want to keep adding changes until we reach a period of fire during the month. In October of '65, we talked to friends, friends sent us podcasts, and it felt good. We wanted to talk to a psychiatrist, but since we didn't have time, we went to the hospital for physical treatment but didn't have time to consult mentally. I went to see it once because the hospital sent it because of the severe gastroesophageal reflux disease that we are in. One of the reasons for this is stress. Is it caused by stress? Let's talk to the doctor, we went and felt like, oh, it's so good, but I only met once. We want to talk to a psychotherapist again. When I came across the podcast, it was like an indirect psychotherapist. The simple happiness that we find in life, and then we have a feeling that it is good, it fuels us, it gives us energy. It's like we have friends to sit down and tell us, "What about getting up for our 36th birthday?" is that we want to let the world know that we are beautiful (laughs). We have a feeling that when we get sick we take care of ourselves, and then we start to love more beautifully. If you ask me when I was the most beautiful. I feel that at 36 is the age when I am most beautiful. We don't know if we're getting older tomorrow, or we don't know what's ahead. We feel that over the past year people have been close to us. A lot of people around me left. We think life is very short. Certainty is uncertainty. Admittedly, the past year has been very much with this feeling. It makes us feel like we want to do something, want to go anywhere, want to rest, do things that make us happy, hurry up and do it, take pictures, travel, and want to practice various skills. It's called a time when we feel best about ourselves in physical terms. But as for the mind, it takes a lot of work (laughs). I don't think we're any good people, or perfect, but we're ready to listen and ready to change. When we're ready to change it. We see what we have, we see it as good. We want to make it even better, like dancing. People say we can dance, but we want to make it good, really about music, I talked for a long time, but we don't have time, we want to sing first, but we don't have time, we may release a song, not in the name of Jenny Panan, we don't want to see that we use the word Jenny to make music, we want to see that we are artists. We have musical skills, so we're ready. I love going to music festivals, so we have a small dream that if I stand on stage at a music festival, I want to be able to do it"SPONSORED with the show "Tay Tourism Thailand" that has arrived 10 years ago? Many people who are abroad are still watching. At first, people who seem to say that they look at it and miss home, when they look at it, they miss some people who have a difficult time in life. Break up with a boyfriend Have a problem, have a problem, have some exams. See Tay travel to Thailand and help heal help to be happy. When we received these feedbacks, we were glad that we were still the ones who made them happy. Honestly, the show has been around for ten years. It has a lot of different feedback. Jenny "We've never had a meeting like that, but there are groups that send comments to each other, we read it all, which one we improved, which one we watched was a force for us." And many people who have commented that the show is fun, still watching, the show is still his friend." We may be elementary school friends, and now he's growing up with new college friends, but when he has free time, he still thinks about it. I want to say that this friend is still around"10 years, how do we adjust the show?" Asked if there are 10 years of repeated pearls or if there is a play in the same melody, I admit that there is, but there will be new stories that allow us to play jokes. New tease is possible. Sometimes there are special projects that have guests for a long time. Recently, a customer event featuring Palmy's brother came to joy the show went viral. So much fun. "We're still 4 people that everyone remembers, and we're really doing more shows now, trying to expand our online fan base. There is a list on the Thai Travel & Friends page, including 2 cars, vultures, down vultures. Cheerleaders who come out and have bisexual talk By taking a trip to Thailand and friends both ping pong and madame to do it together Want to leave a follow-up here as well "How does it feel that we are happy, the good mood of other people?"The feeling of representing people in a good mood, we feel that we are our nature. Sometimes when someone comes in, we'll be calm first because we see what kind of entry we have, and we have a lot of reasons. We're really crazy. Come in and get in. Ask if there is any feedback on our happiness. It's always been there. Maybe they tagged us or were on social media saying they found us cute. Very friendly. We go back and maybe it's just a short greeting, a little thing we say when we meet, we feel happy." When Jenny became a hot girl. Do people want to get to know us more?", I really think no, no, I don't know who came in, what is it, if it's not clear, I'll brush it off. If you come in and say you like us because we're not confident, we'll interpret them as either liking us as fans or liking the work. Honestly, my love story is very naïve. I'm not afraid, I'm really seeing you on social media that I want to have a boyfriend. In fact, it's not like I'm looking at who's here. I feel like when the time comes, we'll know that this person is right. As for the fear of insincere people coming in, don't be afraid, because the people around me will know that I am not okay with anything, even small things, I will brush it off, or if you come in and feel that they are hoping for a little benefit, I will open my mouth. cut off I can screen it out on my own"Earlier, there was news that there was someone to talk to, but the doctor said that it was forbidden to open?" Our manager teased. So the reporter came and asked, "If we have love, don't we want to open?" I just want to be in love. If we have love, then we can open it, but if we can't open it because the fortune teller doesn't open it, or whatever happens, it can't be opened. I'm not serious. Love is about two people, but we are here, many people may want to know. If we can't let people know, we're not serious. Just the two of us love each other, I'm happy. If I get married, I'll announce it all over the world (smile). I really want everyone to have the love they want, "What kind of person do we have to lose?" Cute character, cute smile, cute face, I lose all, I feel like it's something that makes me feel like it's something that makes me happy. Maybe a handsome person for a long time can get bored. But if it's about habits, if he's the one who takes care of and takes care of it in a very good way. I'm a loser".Subject: Supalak Wuttikreethachai
Revealing the face of the only beautiful woman in the sky Representing Thai people on the world stage|Because I have loved beauty pageants since childhood. The winner of Miss Universe Thailand 2019 and TOP5 Miss Universe 2019 has been relentlessly moving forward with the transformation of herself from a contestant to a director of the pageant to be behind the dreams of Thai women to shine in the global pageant stage. Follow your dreams Whether you've been through marriage or having children, he gives all women equal rights. In this year's contest, Fahsai chose Brother Bee Vipaporn Satyaapithan as a representative of beautiful women from Thailand to participate in the contest because she is beautiful, tall and has a good mindset and attitude. This year, although we have little time to prepare, we are willing to fight. In order to be a voice for good inspiration for the society, however, Fah Sai would like to leave all the beauty queen fans to encourage Pee Bee to go to the pageant on stage. "Universal Woman" with 30 other beautiful women around the world in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on February 2nd, asking if we expect it, we must expect it, but we will always take into account that no matter what contest or work, we must do our best, do our best, we will have to do our best every day.
"James" paired with "Pie" Shy!|"James Mar" and "Pie-Rinrada Kaew Bua Sai" in the romantic drama. "BECAUSE OF LOVE BECAUSE OF LOVE BECAUSE OF LOVE" on Channel 3 is produced by Chonlampi Brothers Co., Ltd., produced by the talented presenter "Must-Chulawut", seeing the novelty James comes as "Singh", the mafia heiress Fak Pie as "Rat Ring", a young bodyguard. Once it's where the two of us can express ourselves, it feels like love is beautiful. It's so cute. It's a bit of a love affair. "If it's a common thing, it's probably a handshake, but it's a prank. Love scenes aren't slap-kissing, they're punching and kissing. THE ACTION SCENES CAN BE CUTE"PIE "LOVE SCENE UNTIL THE HOUSE COLLAPSES"Fans will get a new jin couple Pie-James?SPONSORED James "Hope the fans will like it for the first time playing together. Hopefully, what we convey will make the fans smile. "What was it like working with James?" pie said, "I can say that I feel comfortable because I have known each other for a long time and have worked together before. When I was in the same manager again, I met a lot, and we did this together a lot, and we were already close. When we get to work together. We didn't feel any tension or pressure. James helped us a lot. James was very kind to us, so I felt comfortable. He saved it all the way. "I know you're a very good worker, the more I work with you, the more I feel like it's the way it is. A lot of things, maybe we still have to ask them what they think, it's feedback from each other. Let's work together. "The intimacy that already exists is helping us work more smoothly. James "Let's talk about work. Ask now. I think so. What do you think, make it work fast"Pie "It works up because we don't have a gap of not knowing each other, so it makes it easier to work together"Jin breaks through the screen, is it a new cross-zone match of the industry? "Now I want to let the characters go. It's a matter of the future, it's true, it really means that we're colleagues who work together. We're close, we're always together. If you talk about that, it's about the future. You're a very good colleague. I'm very happy to work with him. We feel like we're colleagues. Brother James has always been our good brother. We're close, we've done a lot of things together, we feel like he's the brother we're closest to." James "I'm glad everyone supported us." "We weren't stressed or shocked by the news, since it was news around us, we were already close," James said. "There's a source of it, I want it to be about the future, I can't say more because there's nothing to say, if the fans support each other, if one day there's a future, then let's talk about it again (laughs)." "I think it's not going to be blocked, what's going to happen, he's so cute, he can't block it, it's not going to be a thing, I say, as I said right now, I don't have anything more to say." Now I can't say much because I'm shy," Pie said, "Pie doesn't block itself, pie doesn't think anything of it. It's about the future." Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Director "Tum Korkorn" comeback to make the film "Mr. Toub Sai Dark, Closed City Bite"|Long gone are the award-winning director Tum-Korkorn, who has done a lot of work like The Psychic Room. Elonza's The last light of Yian Yiyan, the series confirmed, and is currently buzzing, is "Mr. Toub Sai Dark, Lockdown Bites". The reason for being away from the entertainment industry for a while was due to COVID-19. After covid, he was encouraged by his wife to continue doing what she loves and continue to do what she loves, so director Tum-Kornkorn started the project, including writing a screenplay and a script for "Mr. Toub Sai Dark, Lockdown of The City of Bid", which took more than 3 months to prepare, including recruiting more than 2,000 four-legged actors to 6 characters, as well as bringing many actors to the scene, including famous net idols such as Oppa Touchy and Ajamma Namphet. "Mr. Tub Sai Dark, Lockdown Bite" is a film about a gang of four-legged ass hunting for missing children, an adventure in various places, especially the big scene on the embankment, where the director intends not to use any effect. Tracked in all theaters nationwide. This semester.
"Thak-Bharanu" shows off his skills in the kitchen. The best menu in "Yes Chef Onateng" |In this week's "Yes Chef Onateng" show, Freud-Nattapong brings the northernmost guy Thak-Bharanyu Rojanawuttham to the kitchen with chef Bib-Chatchaya Raktaknit, a dessert expert. Thai food and fusion cuisine with a unique fusion menu "Penne rice soi with cheese baked chicken"Who would have thought that Thai curry machine would be able to go well with cheese and come out super delicious. I'm good at !!!", and young Tack's kitchen moves out and the menu tastes like a chef, so let's wait and see and wait and taste at the same time. In "Yes Chef Onateng" on Facebook/YouTube : ZENSE Entertainment
Hisochai Jirat warns his ex-wife not to mess with her children in the grey business. |Hisochai Jirat Petchnanthawong, heir to billion business The post ig story warns ex-wife. Don't mess with bad people. If something happens, I'm always ready to support you." Originally, I never wanted to mess around because you weren't doing business like everyone else, but you were mistaking people into misrepresenting me for spreading the news about your misguided online business, and I warned my ex-wife not to involve my children in bad things. The gray-gray business will be online or whatever. Let me remind you, as a father of a son, and as a father, if something happens, I am always there to support you. #หยุดฟอกเพื่อชาติ #อย่าให้ผมลงมาเล่นกับพวกคุณเลย #อย่าให้ลูกผมอยู่ในสิ่งแวดล้อมเทาๆของพวกคุณเลย #OmeletteFIFA #อย่ามัวปรับทุกข์อยู่ที่ลอนดอน...the weather in Thailand is equally cold".sponsored
First work Pinky After leaving prison, with a post-ig. Conveys meaning|After actress Pinky Savika Chaidesh was freed from prison at the end of last year, she is now living outside. If any fans still miss her, they can follow her latest on her personal Instagram. She posted an Instagram story on the cover of a popular magazine with the message "When I was younger" and an introspective emoji, which looked at her hairstyle and was supposed to have been modeled for a long time in a magazine. TVPool has revealed the cover of this latest magazine on its Facebook page, amidst a large number of fans commenting and sending her encouraging emojis.
Ring ring sharing experience of breast cancer.|It took more than 5 years to heal. Phenchart shared his first-hand experience after suffering from breast cancer as a teenager at a press conference on "Advances in early breast cancer treatment with positive effects on hormone receptors" held at Ballroom 3, Grand Hyatt Erawan Hotel, Bangkok. This works. "Ring is one of those who have experienced breast cancer since the age of 23, I must say that it is good luck to find it quickly and treat it in a timely manner, until today it is said that 99.99% of the time, the more cured breast cancer is, and the chances of recovery are less. Hormonal therapy, chemotherapy, radiotherapy and targeted therapy by medical professionals will determine the risk of individual patients. 20 years ago, when the ring was detected, it was like the world was broken, I felt like I was going to die. In addition to being afraid of dying, he also lost confidence by having his chest amputated. I've been cut almost as much as a tennis ball, and I'm worried about what my breasts are going to be, will it be the same? In short, it didn't lose much of its shape. Nowadays, I can live with it, but I'm afraid it's coming back. I check it up once a year. In this day and age, technology has gone so far, as now we are going to do IVF, it has to do a lot of checking. The doctor who made the baby will be serious about using hormones because hormones are cancer triggers. What to take, what hormones to be aware of because it affects all breast cancer. When it comes to stimulating eggs, you need a team of doctors to sit down and consult. It's quite a big deal, we intended to have 2 kids, but now let's get 1 first. We've been with this process for a long time, so we'll have to try again. Both in Thailand and abroad. If you really don't, you'll probably take it off because the doctor doesn't dare to give you a lot of hormones. It's a special case for IVF, my dad told me that life can't be exchanged, but my son has breast cancer again, and my husband is afraid we have cancer again. I want to have it. There's no pressure on the family, because he knows we're trying. If it doesn't, we're trying our best, and it's okay to have it or not, but we mustn't die. As far as listening to the opportunity, it was 50:50. Science, we've been fighting all the time, I'm wondering if we're going to be late now, the cost is gone, millions. I still say to my parents that millions are part of it, but our bodies, the hormones that we take here, don't know if they have any effect on the inside. In the past, we had to check and then check again. Until I felt like I couldn't do it anymore, I was hit so much, I understood that the doctor had to put our safety first. I DON'T WANT ANY SIDE EFFECTS IN THE FUTURE."
Jaifu Butter Chotika returns to the screen after missing 7 years|Since getting married, having children, having a family, making the famous villain Butter Chotika. Disappearing from the theater screen In addition to dedicating time to raising children, there are also personal businesses and many subordinates to take care of. WHEN BUTTER CHOTICA MADE A SPECIAL GUEST APPEARANCE ON CLUB FRIDAY THE SERIES 14 LOVE&BELIEF, THE THIRD EPISODE PRODUCED BY CHANGE2561 AFTER A NEARLY 7-YEAR HIATUS FROM THE SCREEN. "I decided to play it because of the opportunity and the right time, so I came to play this story, which this time was invited for 1 episode, but the team informed me that I wanted to play several episodes, but with the queue I can't think that next time will come in full.
11-year-old married 11-year-old forgot the anniversary, immediately posted to his wife.|They have been in a relationship for a long time and have been married for 11 years for the famous hero Khet Thap and his beautiful wife Nat Thaksaya, who both started a family together. He has 1 son's heir. The 7-year-old and his wife are seeing the cute family moments on their personal Instagram accounts, but it's the 11th anniversary of their marriage. At this event, Young Khet Dan almost forgot to enter, even had to hurry to post a message on Instagram on the occasion of his 11th wedding anniversary, stating, "I've been married for 11 years...!!! Forget it. If the fans don't really forget, 555 loves boxing as it were@natt_tuksaya Stay together like this forever"Super Wife" #27january #aniversary #khetsnatt"Make all the fans come to congratulate and appreciate the cuteness of the couple a lot.SPONSORED
Grandpa Chan revealed that he was on stage with all kinds of hits, including throwing bottles and shooting plexiglass, but he could only intimidate himself.|From the case of young singer Joey Phuvasit Anantpornsiri was thrown in the face by a fan while attending a concert at a restaurant in Chonburi province, causing a lot of criticism. As well as the fans, they have come to defend and criticize the latest heavyweight. Try Mike or Phitsanu The famous rapper Boon Yuen has shared his own experiences, saying that he has been hit in all kinds of ways as well. But this kind of profession, if retaliated against, is only a waste. All I can do is keep it in mind", I got all kinds of hits as well. Pointing, insulting, and many more. Careers like ours Retaliation is broken, not retaliation hurts. I could only intimidate and tell myself. That's ok MAE GU TAUGHT BETTER THAN MAE MUNG"MANY PEOPLE WHO FOLLOWED CAME TO EXPRESS A LOT OF OPINIONS.SPONSORED
Aom Arakpan Movement IG This year, the 38-year-old is cheering.|I'm on vacation and I'm recovering my body. For the young hero Aom Arakpan Namat, who previously reported that Aom suffered from respiratory illness, causing him to change the actor about the love marks, sins that he starred in, and Aom himself did not move on social media for a while, causing fans to be worried, but recently on his 38th birthday, Aom posted a picture of himself on Instagram with a smile on his face and wrote a short caption saying "Big 38 years old".
Forget the old pictures, Opal Panisara showed off the latest pictures. Netizens flock to see it more and more beautiful every day.|The aura of beauty rises every day. Dr. Oak Smith's beautiful wife, who has recently seen her pictures, must say that the model mother has gone down because both the skin, the international face and the opal mom often come out to show off their pictures on their personal Instagram regularly. Despite being a mother of two, the sexiness hidden beneath her hilarity is not really closed. On January 26th, it received a lot of likes. It reveals a lot younger skin, as if spelling the age at the early 20s. It has attracted a lot of fans to comment on it.sponsored
People tease after seeing the clip Bunny Pannipa sings like it, but the audience is silent. |It was talked about a lot on TikTok after someone posted a clip at the singer. Bunny Pannipa plays a concert at the Red Cross. While the artists sang on stage for a long time, TikTok users shared the clip and wrote, "Standing in the media (why stand still?). In fact, it's fun to #กระต่ายพรรณิภา", the clip has garnered over a million views and many people have commented on it, such as creating another legend, having fun alone, cold or not standing still, rabbits having fun alone. The musicians went not 5555, I stood in front of 5-6 dancers, I was very confused, very calm, very calm, very cognizant, very attentive, etc.
From Pak Bue Chakpan Attacking girlfriend, no apologies, preparing to fight the case in court|From the case of the drama knot that the teenage actors informed were born from the Y Beau series. Chakrapan Putta has been accused by an ex-girlfriend screenwriter of his negative behavior and has been heavily criticized over the past several days. Chakrapan has issued a press release to reopen about the case. He insisted that what he said was heartfelt, and said with all honesty, "Hello, I am Mr. Chakrapan Putta. Today I came out and said it because it was my own wish. As a result of what happened, a social dispute at this point, it has affected the camp, my family and my friends who are like family and people close to me. I want to let everyone know that I Mr. CHAKPAN PUTTA I would like to announce my retirement from being on cloud from today onwards. I insist that I speak from the heart, and let me say that I am honest in all respects. On that day I came out and spoke. I intend to put an end to all that has happened. The incident has affected my life for a while now and I decided that I would have to come out and fight to protect myself. What everyone perceives or sees is not entirely true. I'm a human being. I admit that I wasn't perfect, even though what appeared interpreted how bad I was and what I was hitting was more than I could handle. My life was ruined— my job, my reputation, my society, my family, everything. Even now that I'm sitting and breathing, I'm still wrong. I couldn't have done more. I want everyone to know that it's just part of what happened. From now on, let me take the whole truth and fight it in court. I will fight for the people I love, who still love me. People who believe in me, including myself. I urge everyone to be patient, and I will be patient and strong in anticipation of the outcome of the court case, I still believe that the truth will win in the end, and I believe that justice will give me justice. Be On Cloud gave me the opportunity to speak one last time. I would like to thank you very much (for raising your hand)."
Anna Tiger reveals the secret of an evening gown that she didn't wear to the Universe stage.|After returning from the Miss Universe 2020 pageant earlier this year, Anna Tiger ngam Iam, Miss Universe Thailand 2022, held a grand meet-up. Paragon Cinema Opening Warmly welcomed by "Anna", revealing the LOOK 1 with the national costume "Songkran Devi" from the brand. Ciqure is followed by LOOK 2 "Star of the Universe". Pattaraprasit then meets LOOK 3, which reveals the secrets of the #เสืองามเอี่ยม edition with the "FIGHTER OF THE UNIVERSE" Evening Gown, which elegantly expresses Anna's personality, created by the ATHISPONSORED brand, and concludes with the 'Hidden Precious Diamond Dress', which reveals the beauty of hidden diamonds. After Anna wore it in the Preliminary Competition, Miss Universe 2022, which has been interpreted and creatively thought through the craftsmanship of Ms. Arif Jehwang from the Brand. MANIRAT The atmosphere inside the event was full of warmth, delighted by the attendees, including honored guests, fans, etc. The team and fellow beauty queens who came to welcome us home. Thailand The event was officially led by the head of TPN Global "Mae Pui-Piyaporn Sankosik" with team #MUT2022 including "Aye-Kanyalak Nukaew", "Opal-Suchata Rangsri", as well as the senior beauty queen who presented Anna's head with "Ann-Anchili Scott Cammis" and top 30 - Miss Universe Thailand 2022.
Pat Nappa takes a man on a trip to the beach, but the dress his mother wears loses full focus. |Every weekend, super moms Pat Nappa often find trips to take their sons on trips as mothers and daughters. Nong Racing went to play in the sea again, which this time brought to Pattaya at the same place because it is close to Bangkok. Pat posted a picture of herself in a super sexy dress with the caption "Bring a man to visit #ไม่ต้องสืบพัทยา #ไม่ต้องสืบว่าใครอยากมา", but this event has caused people who see each other to lose focus in a row.
Bruised housewife loves putting a pawn mic in "pawn game"|From a tegcare man After living together, we see the inside of Satanism, the story of the "whistle." A crazy freelance housewife who rides a motorcycle to flirt with Tegcare and take good care of her until she is impressed, so she agrees to be in a relationship and goes to live together. After 2 years, the men began to switch to alcohol. Go home late, but when the whistle whistles, go out and see some friends. The men became jealous, followed him to the store and chained him to his room for 4 months, and one day the man said that he would come back in the evening and take him to eat the pork pan. The room caught fire, she couldn't escape, but screamed until someone broke down the door to help. When he survived, Whistle fled home on his own, until the men followed him and told him to take him to see his family, but when he got to the house, he broke down in tears. WHEN IT WAS DISCOVERED THAT THE MAN ALREADY HAD A WIFE, SPONSORED THIS WEEK, WHISTLED, HELD HIS MOTHER'S HAND, AND ACCOMPANIED HIM TO A RAISED RECORDING MIC TO TRY TO SEE HOW MUCH MONEY HE COULD GET BACK AND WHETHER HE COULD REDEEM THE ITEMS. In "Pawn Game" Today, 6 p.m. Thai Rath TV Channel 32.
"Aff!" "Joey, the golden face", changed his name and screamed!|The rising star singer of the era with 200 million views on YouTube!! Recently, the queue is full all year round. "Yes, it's life changing, things I've never done have done anything I've ever done, I've loved it." "After not having a job in the past, when the song came out, there were concerts every day, and there were commercials." Get to know young Joey, full of funny guys, shock feel. And then I found out that it was the real Mutelu line!! I believe in the subject of name change. "There is a very long work all year round, every day does not stop at all", "Thank you SinSae, fortune teller, all the temples that I went to, thank you to the fans, thank you so much"SPONSOREDto continue with another handsome singer "Jeff Sater", the owner of the hit song "Forgot how to forget". The bastard screamed. Our beautiful mother!! Or is mom going to fall for a child? I'm losing my way to my age!! Mom opened it!! "May I ask you a question?" "How personal?" Feel the pillow from the start!! I don't know what he's talking about! Prepare to sail to see the pace of the eyes. Songwriting for the middle of the stage "3 Zap" in a sweet and fresh way. From singing bruising doubts back to singing love songs, of course. Jeff, let's continue the story in "3 Zap" this Sunday. 15 p.m. on Channel 3HD and watch back on www.youtube.com/polyplusentertainment
The stars rehearsed hard to perform a full karabel of "7 Colors Concert On Tour".|Channel 7HD fans have been delighted since the end of last year for the legendary show "7 Colors Concert On Tour". And recently, they are preparing to carry the army of actresses and heroines south to give happiness to the brothers again at Big C. Surat Thani on February 4, this day is special when "Thai Rath Freestyle" will take a behind-the-scenes look at the preparations of the heroines to attend this concert show. It must be understood that the actor is not a singer. Some may have some skills, but they are not professional singers. Therefore, each show has to be rehearsed. Today, there are actors starting to come to the recording room, including Mike-Pattaradej, S-Kantapong, Donut-Pattarapolt, Oat-Ratthir, Pupe-Kesarin, Grace-Patcharsita, and guest artists like P. Sadad. The advantage of rehearsals is to increase skills, with music teachers sandwiching and guiding, as well as gaining confidence when taking the stage. Everyone was wearing a carabel at every show. Both singing and dancing. Look, everyone is very ready to lean. Sponsored by S-Kantapong, Terten said, "The training atmosphere was very enjoyable after almost 3 years away due to COVID-19. Now I'm very happy because I'll be reunited with fans of Channel 7HD, I have to say that for the past 2 years, I rarely sing at all, so I have to try to update myself, listen to new music, warm up and get ready, but I think it will be fun and go well. The rehearsal atmosphere is full of determination. Personally, I'm a little excited. Please cheer me up. For fans from Surat Thani and nearby provinces, you can see each other. Feb. 4 at Big C. "I'm sorry." In February, residents of Surat and neighboring provinces went to see "7 Colors Concert On Tour" live at Big C Surat Thani (Bang Kung Junction). The event begins at 3 p.m. The game kiosk will receive a variety of prizes including the 7HD 2023 calendar and broadcast live at 6 p.m. on 7HD, dial 35.SPONSORED.
Yo Yoswadee reveals his jacket in a cold bikini (video)|I've always stood for beauty. For model Yo Yosavadee Hasdivijit, who takes good care of herself by exercising regularly. It is a dream figure for many girls because in addition to getting a cool figure, it is also healthy. This event is not only a show of skiing. The clip of her jacket being removed revealed a beautiful, sexy figure in a bikini swimsuit. Because of the freezing cold weather against the full skin, it is a clip that sees both beautiful people and beautiful views as well.  SPONSORED made people in the entertainment industry as well as fans come to comment that the figure is very good, very beautiful, but it seems that Yo's granddaughter Evie did not like this, commenting "Beyond Nothing!!
Thak Bharanu Happy Birthday To You This photo is so cool that netizens rub their eyes.|Age is just a real number for the famous actor-host C Siwat, who turns 41 this year. Actor Thak Bharanu has not waited long to bless his beloved brother through the media, along with a heartfelt photo of his brother via his Instagram. With the caption "Very happy brother @siwat_c healthy and wealthy, don't play late night games, do some homework#ใจพี่มันได้"This work was done by C Siwat, even had to immediately comment on the response when he saw the photo that Tack used to wish birthday through the media, "Can't I take another picture? The event attracted many friends and fans both inside and outside the industry, who liked the photos and wished Young C a happy birthday.
iQIYI organizes iQIYI VIP THANK YOU FEST campaign Thank you for always supporting each other.|On January 25, 2023 at Lido Connect in the heart of Siam, iQIYI Thailand The leader of online video platforms that have captured the hearts of viewers all over the world. The event was attended by journalists, brands/ agencies, television stations, drama/ series presenters and VIP members, the atmosphere of the event was filled with green, which is the color of the iQIYI application. "IIQIYI VIP THANK YOU FEST" has given fans the opportunity to continue the fun, from VIP DEAL and CELEB LIVE throughout the past to the MOVIE & MEET and GREEN CARPET event area to welcome the presenters, actors and distinguished guests to the event. Channel 8 Khun Nongluck Ngamroj and actor Ohm from the drama The whole world for Mr. Lone Tien from the drama Lehluntaya CHANGE2561 Khun Saithip Montrikul Na Ayutthaya, Khun Warrit Vaijiaranai and actors Nat, Pavel, Spy, Kafus, Top Ten, Pop, Pooh, Ping, Etton, Bangpan Kantana, Khun Piyarat Kaljarik, Khun Phonkarn, Khun Disylada Disyanand, Khun Intara Lohkaew and actors Boss, Ping, Guitar, Nino, Peter M Pictures, Mr. Prasad Suwanpodhisri and Actors Best and Yimki from Bangkok Zero Studio Wabi Sabi, Mr. Sivaj Sawatmanikul and Actors Santa and Earth from The 12% Love Series, and O, Great, Te, Benz from the series. Hemp rope and continued, Mick from the series Degrees lost and Boom, Peak from series 7 Project Star Hunter Entertainment, Mr. Chanant Lapananrung and actors Moss and Bank from the series Dragon Eat Yai and Kimmon, Copter, Bas from the series. Cosmos Me Mind Y, Mr. Orawan Wichayawankul and actors Boss, Noeul, Ford, Pete from the series. M Flow Entertainment, Mr. Khobodee Kaljarik, Mr. Kunchpass Pornpaweeworakul and actors Ping, Kankan, Porch, Aam, Games, Music from the series Aylongnai and Ran, Tiger, Leng Lee, Big, Pang Pound, Yoshi from 9NAA Production series, Mr. Warrit Nillom and actors Shahab, Bess, Beam, M from the series That night with Mr. North Star and Ton trumpet, J, Cartoon, Mag from the series. Be On Cloud, Mr. Kanathip LAKSANAPIPATKUL AND ACTORS NEW, JET, FU ICE AND MANY MORESPONSORED AND ENTERED THE OPENING CEREMONY OF THE "THANK YOU PARTY" by Mr. Kelvin Yao presided over the official opening ceremony and welcomed the distinguished guests. "Hello to all the distinguished guests. "IQIYI VIP THANK YOU FEST" is held to celebrate the delivery of premium entertainment of quality content in Asia. Telling amazing stories in Thailand It also recounts the success of iQIYI last year. We are delighted to work with all of our partners. To create and show both domestic and international audiences the potential of the drama. Thailand Series & Content Thank you for the dedication of the cast, crew, people in front of and behind the scenes, as well as all stakeholders. Thank you for trusting iQIYI this year. iQIYI is ready to elevate Asian quality content to deliver the best for viewers forever." Mr. Poppy became Country Director (iQIYI Thailand) from the previous position as Senior Director of Content. Foreseeing and striving to empower Thai content to grow in the streaming business. "Thank you for supporting iQIYI Thailand and driving Thai content to grow strongly on the world stage. audience Tv station network, theatrical partners, brands/ agencies and mass media are considered VIPs and our driving force in driving the Thai entertainment industry to grow significantly with iQIYI", ending with the giveaway to those who attended the party today, including 2 realme 10 Pro+ 5G phones and 2 realme 10 Pro 5G phones, 2 Aconatic Android TV 55" and 43" Aconatic Android TV and 5 Aconatic AN-AFR6013 oil-free fryers.
Breaking the rules, the heroine of the drama "Jackie-Chaqueline" showed off her funny skills in "18 Crowns Tripping Love".|Back to shaking the throne of "heroine" again!! For Jackie-Jacqueline Munch or Mother Bong, ready to break all the rules. Thai drama heroine becomes "Sai Boh Ba heroine" From the drama "18 crowns stumble love" on Channel 3, opposite the pair Petch-Thakrit, tag team show off their funny skills, ha lung rocking, spleen shaken, full of carabelle!! But let's move on to this week's drama "Malai Thai Rath". 18 crowns, jackie showed off her "model" skills with beautiful fashion. From "Fire of the Beast" to "18 Crowns of Love", it takes 4-5 years, but jackie girl is no less heartbroken, but "Tang Kiu", the organizer of the fire, Tai-Nattapon Leyavanich, who took another opportunity, is a completely different change from the original character. "In this story, the character will persecute the hero, maybe not in a gesture that hurts him, but really, being 18 crowns is an assault on the hero because the hero wants to get rid of the 18 crowns"SPONSORED feels about the title of comedy goddess "Thank you very much, but I have to say that all comedies are not caused by Jackie himself. Jackie would be 30 already, but winked. It's quite young in the story, so I feel like I'm talking about it. It's a trendy drama with the "Mige" who isn't "friendly" to anyone, so I have to ask Jackie. How did you study the strategies of the 18 crowns, he said..."It's probably the guys we see in everyday life. When we were filming, there were 18 crowns that were loud, and when we finished filming, there was always news for us to study. But most of the time what we can learn from him will be survival." What are the challenges in this regard? "Probably the director's need, what we can do is do our homework first, what happened before and after this, and then go get everything in front of the set. Just don't play alongside. This is another story that feels cute, like in the beginning we melted our behavior back and forth until later we felt that it melted a lot, back to the same a little bit. After starting to dance a lot, dancing a lot more than us. "When you play as a monk-nang couple, is there anything that needs to be fine-tuned?" Most of the time it's about talking because we already know each other, what scenes to play, we're going to talk about it, I'm going to talk about it, I'm going to do it, but most of the time it's going to be a brother who has to clear it up with himself. Behind the scenes, Love Scene has to talk to her mother, Mind-Tharika (Phetch-Thakrit's girlfriend). He's going to be cute, he's got his cute corners, he's going to ask for it, right? We're in trouble, we're very confused, change gender (laughs), "The organizers spoiled us all?", we have a position. We are noble people (smiling), that is, we have appointed a brother as a hongte, and then there is a wife as an elder. JACKIE WILL BE THE PROTAGONIST." SPONSORED IS NOT ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ACTING. Jackie also showed off her neck skills, singing the theme song "As many times as you want". Rocking It's called a popular song before the drama even goes on, surpassing a million views in the blink of an eye. Jackie admits it's exciting, but it's also pressure because the music has come this far. If the drama is going to be like that, how much will it please the audience, but it will not disappoint the fans because of the bang. "Well, it feels very good, and most of the comments that will come are why the drama is so short, one hour, something like that, the other day I livestreamed watching and told everyone that this hour is only one month, so I have to watch it within a month, who will say that I will watch it backwards, I have to hurry now, because the drama is short, "There will be a point about Jackie being beautiful, afraid that people will see us as heroines addicted to surgery"Actually, if it is not a problem, probably not to do it, but most of the time we do, not that we look in the mirror one day, want to change the nose, not because of boredom, but because of the flaws that we see from all the work. We have known each other for a long time and really didn't make an appointment, we happened to meet in Noon, we felt that a friend came and asked him, he came with the camp, and the rest of the people went to do all the facial work. He didn't do it alone, so he said let's get together. Take her on a 1-day trip, that's it"It turned out that there was a real trend of people wanting jin", it is unlikely to happen. It's been known for 10 years. It shouldn't take this long"With Po, why can't it be possible?" is Po, we've known each other since playing together. I love you, and this gang is so close, I don't know what inspires me. We have an appointment to visit. Eat all the time. Jackie felt close from then until now, but we've never been abroad together." If there's no appointment, there's definitely no two. It had to be about 18 people, so I invited Po to go to a record store, this shop wanted to go for a very long time, but our gang didn't get it. No one went with us, so I invited Po because Po is an artist, must be in with this person, there is a record shop, Po fell away, it was the beginning, it was from the record shop"Not because we already have people who know our hearts?"No, Po is not"Status now"100% single, very single. "Are you really single, so beautiful, is no one coming in?" Insert tasks throughout I don't have time to live my own life"Ask if there are any direct people coming in?"Yes, but most of them don't talk to anyone much"Most of the people who come in are outsiders or in the industry"Outsiders" in the group or managers. Do you recommend this guy?" Now I'm happy, forget to yearn a little. Not closed The specs must be mature. We talked about which we were single for a long time. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Bom Thanin Kanpak wants to tell the truth about Thai tennis.|Suddenly made a young actor. Thanin Manunsilp I was itching to talk about Thai tennis after I saw people talking about it. He tweeted on his @bomb_tanin_tv3 account, which read: "I see people talking about tennis associations. I've been playing and playing tennis since I was 10 years old. I want to tell you the truth, tell me more than you think, and why Thai tennis is stuck in place. #สมาคมเทนนิส""If the best skilled person gets a chance to race abroad before the line boy. Thai tennis can definitely go further (it's been a long time, not just recently). Many people quit playing because the association did not fund overseas competitions. Despite winning the competition, go back to the kids who matched the association #สมาคมเทนนิส lightly." Tanin tweeted the message, and many netizens tweeted the message.
Watermelon Nida house opened after almost 1 year of death, still not for sale but no one exists (clip)|After actress Melon Nida Patcharaweerapong passed away in a speedboat crash on the Chao Phraya River on February 24, 2022, it has been almost a year since the actress passed away. Anna, one of Melon Nida's best friends, also went to Watermelon's house with the caption "Come to the watermelon house". Also not sold sponsored
Reveal the latest images Pinky Savika looks beautiful after being temporarily released. |After being released on bail and released from prison. Actress Pinky Savika Chaidet has never appeared in the media and has made very little social media moves, and Pinky has previously revealed the cover of a magazine that she has covered. He said it was a picture of his long hair, but recently on his personal Instagram account he revealed a short-haired look. Full makeup with a short caption "The Art of Venting" Fans flocked to the event to comment on Pinky's unwavering beauty.
The mother is very good at lying on her side, showing off her beautiful body. See the fullness of the room.|Although he is 57 years old, the actress-theater presenter is a great actress. Nok Jariya Anphone Jonny Anphone's beloved wife is still a very good mother, having previously revealed her sexy photos in IG that have become a sensation among fans. Not least because he's still really beautiful, really sexy. Nok Jariya posted a wow photo with a picture of him lying on his side chilling on the beach. Show off your beautiful body. SEEING THE FULLNESS OF HIS CHEST AND WRITING A TEASING MESSAGE TO HIMSELF, "MAE KAI SHALLOW #รักตัวเอง #ความสุขอยู่รอบตัวเรา"SPONSORED  This event brought people in the entertainment industry and fans who followed IG to tease the tease of Nok Jariya in a row, such as Mae !!! Sexy, Mae !!!!!5555, The beach is hot, the sea is on fire, the beach is very beautiful, the bird is worth it, etc.
Seth Dollar Reveal the latter's answer. Mrs. Spider I asked him why he couldn't see it.|It's an idol couple of many people. Maj. Gen. Patchara Rattakul and Mrs. Spider Mr. Srikamrung Yukol, many of whom were impressed by Seth Dollar's care. Mrs. Spider, who has suffered from many diseases and has been in treatment for many years. It's called round-the-clock care for almost 24 hours. Seth Dollar revealed the illness of Mrs. Spider via IG, "After being in Chiang Mai Hospital for several days, fighting infection because of low immunity with bush disease, with pancreatitis and low platelets, returning to Bangkok for 4-5 days to repair the body. Thank you to Dr. Thann and his team at Chiang Mai. Thank you to Dr. Jaijai and the team in Bangkok for looking so well at #นักสู้ตัวจิ๋ว" SPONSORED. Seth Dollar Take Mrs. Spider to relax and enjoy the good atmosphere at Doi Luang Chiang Dao, Chiang Mai Province. Although Mrs. Spider asked why she brought her when she couldn't see it, she gave her wife an impressive answer, saying, "Meng Mum said why she brought it, we can't see it, we say the most important thing is how we feel together, #เชื่อในตัวเธอ #backinbusiness #ดอยหลวงเชียงดาว" amid comments from fans who were impressed with the answer. I don't need anything more. Just true love for each other. That's more than enough. Unquestionably faith in your love, etc.
Annie Brooke couldn't bear to protect her child. Filed a defamation lawsuit against Keyboard-Page.|Annie Brooke, a strong single mom. Prepare to sue keyboardists and pages without any compromise. After Paige and the keyboard scream made the son. She suffered damage to her reputation and mental well-being, and she informed everyone via her Instagram account. The message reads as follows: "On Monday, January 30, 2023 at 9:00 a.m., Annie Brooke and James' lawyers will go to the Ratchada Criminal Court for the first time due to a page and commenter who formed a younger brother and alluded to him in a negative light. This is a big deal that Annie and James' lawyers agreed should be given priority because it is about the child and the child is still a juvenile, and as a mother who has to protect the child, it is necessary to proceed with the prosecution. Criminal Court 2. Civil Court on charges 1. Defamation by advertising 2. The Child Protection Act reiterates this. There is no compromise whatsoever, whether it's a page or a comment. From now on, and if you see a post or comment, no matter what page it is, you will fight to protect your child. SPONSORED and Annie Brooke also commented, "In the past, anyone who would do anything would ignore their lives and focus on raising their children to the best of their ability, but there would be mean people, some of whom were mothers with warm families who didn't quit and nasty pages that aggravated and weren't enough to put bad messages on their faces. It's time to go into an undivided world and want to see other people suffer because they're addicted to drama in the wrong way."
Pat Nappa lost a family member. Post a tribute - revealing a sad atmosphere|It is a loss in the life of actress-host Pat Nappa Tansakul and the loss of a family member like Amidst the condolences of his family, his surroundings and fans who heard the news on Instagram, @pat_napapa posted a photo of Pat Nappa and Nong Racing. His son attended his brother's burial and wrote a sad caption to commemorate his passing: "Sleep well... Pat's #แพทรักพี่ดามากนะ" sponsored brother After that, hundreds of people in the entertainment industry and fans came forward with hundreds of condolence comments. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to express our condolences.
Da Endorphin gives birth to her first son. My husband was delighted. Strong and safe for both mother and child.|After the countdown, eagerly looking forward to getting his first son's face. At last Singer Dee Da Endorphin Dennis Thaikun's beloved wife gave birth to their first son this morning (Jan. 29, 2023) by Da Endorphin. The latest mom of the industry posted a photo of 3 parents and children on her Instagram with the caption "Boy Damian "Damian" has arrived", while dad Dennis posted the same photo with the caption "No feeling like it in the world shout outs to my wife @daendorphine you did a great job Welcome to the world Damian born January 29, 2023 (Sunday) at 8:01am". Thairath Entertainment Online congratulates both of them.
Sara Kazingini Lifting hemp cord as inspiration Don't put up with people stepping on their heads anymore. |After being kind for a long time. Finally, a beautiful mother of 2 children, Sara. Kazingini will no longer be kind, having posted a message via her IG Story about a lawsuit in which she sued netizens for defamation. Saipan Apinya inspired her not to admit that "anyone who has been sued for defamation has been arrested. Sara was very kind in the mediation class, but seemed unconscious, okay, you can go to court and remember both, when you don't think it's enough to apologize. Also come to mediate like we are vegetables, as fish. You've been inspired. Only people step on their heads."
Nuclear Hansa, dressed in a wetsuit, reveals a picture inside wearing a bikini.|It's a pretty sexy mom, very choppy. For the actress, Nuclear Hansa is therefore innovative. Lately, she has often revealed her sexiness in swimsuits, causing fans to like her and praise her as a very beautiful mother. Before diving into the sea, Nuclear revealed a light sexy selfie in a bikini swimsuit under a wetsuit. BUT ANYWAY, I can't really turn off the sexy at all because I saw the sponsored ambiguity, making fans tease the tease of the beautiful mother, such as too much, the most beautiful, the diving bang, the chopped. Diving mom, very beautiful, very new, chili-like in the garden, etc.
Boom-Boat-Dai Joins the Closing of the 8th ASEAN Film Festival in Bangkok|Great success. For the 8th Bangkok ASEAN Film Festival 2022, film lovers are interested in watching, especially in the contest where short films from Cambodia won BEST ASEAN SHORT FILM, Thailand got JURY PRIZE, Malaysia received SPECIAL MENTION in ASEAN Film Awards. The Philippines won 2 SEAPITCH Awards and SPECIAL MENTION, while Thailand won the Runner-Up Prize. There are a lot of spectators attending the event. Build international relations and income for Thailand Ready to push Bangkok, the cinema center of Asia, at SF World Cinema, 8th floor, Central World Shopping Center, inside the exhibition of Thai identity art from the National Institute of Development Arts. The Minister of Culture presided over the closing ceremony of the 8th Bangkok ASEAN Film Festival 2022 and presented the winners of the ASEAN Short Film Contest. THE ASEAN SHORT FILM COMPETITION AND AWARDED THE WINNERS OF THE ASEAN FILM PROJECT CONTEST. (SEA PITCH) : SOUTHEAST ASIAN PROJECT PITCH) by Mrs. Yupa Thaweewattanakidworn Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Culture, Executive Tutanugarn, National Film and Video Commission, Executive of the Confederation of National Film Associations Film Festival Organizing Committee Delegation of ASEAN Star Film Promotion Agency Thai and international film directors Representatives of the public and private sectors, together with representatives of actors from Thailand. "Boom Supaporn Wongcupthong, Boat Tara Thipa" congratulated "Dai Diana" as the host of SPONSORED Mr. Influence, saying that the government by the Ministry of Culture (Ministry of Culture) together with the Confederation of National Film Associations organized the 8th Bangkok ASEAN Film Festival 2022 from 20-25 January 2023 at Paragon Cineplex and SF World Cinema. And our Asian partners will work together to revitalize and start over to develop the industry sustainably. It is also driving the strategy of promoting the film and video industry. Phase 3 (2017-2021) aims to use the cultural dimension to build good relations between countries. Generate revenue for Thailand and push Bangkok to become Asia's leading film hub. By ASEAN Film Festival The event consists of screening 25 quality films from ASEAN member countries. The event is pleased to receive cooperation from government agencies, the private sector, domestic and international network partners, and the cooperation of Create Hong Kong (CreateHK) to bring 3 Hong Kong films to the festival and launch the Hong Kong-Asian Film Collaboration Funding Scheme By CreateHK, a Hong Kong government grant for a total grant of approximately HK$9 million or approximately 38 million baht per film, which will be given to a total of 8 films. Promote tourism image to stimulate the economy in ASEAN region Driving the region's film industry further on the world stage," he said. In collaboration with asean short film contest network partners The winners of the ASEAN SHORT FILM COMPETITION were awarded 3 prizes: 1. BEST ASEAN SHORT FILM, the winner received a plaque and 2,000 USD in cash, "Further and Further Away", directed by Polen Ly from Cambodia. 2. JURY PRIZE The winner receives a plaque and 1,000 USD cash: All the Things You Leave Behind, directed by Chonsorn Chaikittiporn. Jonathan from Thailand 3. Special Mention The winner receives a plaque and 500 USD cash, namely Dreaming, directed by Nelson Yeo from Malaysia. At the same time, the ASEAN Film Project Contest was held. SEA PITCH: SOUTHEAST ASIAN PROJECT PITCH: 8 FEATURE-LENGTH FILMMAKING PROJECTS BY ASEAN FILMMAKERS WITH IDEAS FOR FILMMAKING IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. There are 3 winners: 1. SEAPITCH Award, winner receives a plaque and 5,000 USD cash: The Boy and The Fight of Spiders, directed by Jarell Serencio from the Philippines, 2. Runner-Up Prize. And 3. SPECIAL MENTION Award, winner receives a plaque and 2,000 USD cash: Rookie, directed by Samantha Lee from the Philippines. It is another achievement of the region's film industry to advance further on the world stage."
Be On Cloud executives apologize after posting a clip of Beu Chakpan|It became a hot drama when Pound Krisda Wittayakajorndej, the ceo of Be On Cloud, posted a clip hugging the young Y-Beau actor. Chakrapan Putta, who has been the subject of a news story about his ex-girlfriend attacking his ex-girlfriend at this time, wrote, "Buu has never been a cute or bad brother to her once, and it always remains that @บิวคนใหม่way. #BoycottBOC After the hot topic, Pound Krisda posted a statement and apologized via his personal Instagram @krispond.w, saying, "Seeing our loved ones like a broken family in front of me is heartbreaking and admits that it's really Lost, people who grew up together, and everything that I know, no matter what side it is, it's shocking to me. His family. There were so many feelings yesterday, that people like me couldn't handle their feelings well enough yesterday when I couldn't post on private social media to take anyone's side or say who's wrong or right. I posted to say goodbye to one of my family who was leaving me, who posted an old video of the first concert the day Buu adjusted from the past that he had made a mistake. I went down, I didn't do anything to protect or admire him. In regards to their wrongdoings against others or society. I posted in a way that he had for me, and I hope that someday in the future he will think and adapt better than that day and the past. As the head of the family who supported everyone to walk together, to this day it is sad about all that has happened. All parties, really, the term president, CEO, or whatever everyone calls it, it's a position that everyone expects, a head of khon, inside is an ordinary person. A person who has feelings and acts as ordinary people. I wish you all the best if you were to say goodbye to someone in your family, you would feel the same way about me now and Poi himself regretting it. And I know Poi is hurt, but maybe with the pictures that I'm really seeing with my eyes right now, it's heartbreaking to me and I've posted like that, but everyone has to bear the consequences of their actions. No matter who it is, I'm too. Wrongdoers need to be punished. I do not advocate all forms of violence and do not protect the perpetrators. Even once, I was sad every time I thought about what had happened to both of you. But we can't go back and do anything. I understand and accept the truth of everything. I apologize and admit my mistakes. Admittedly, it's a personal emotion and I admit that I understand a lot about con cards, and this post to clarify everyone's intent, it's not related to concert tickets at all. IT'S A SUMMARY OF WHAT WE'VE BEEN TRYING TO DO, AND I WILL DO EVERYTHING WITH MY HEART. Do it for my loved ones, for my family. I apologize to everyone for this and I'll take better care of my feelings..."  
"Pring Chutiya" quit "Indy" for a big break, not feeling sorry for time. Let's talk a little bit based on sibling status.|They recently launched a relationship, but they didn't move on! Between young actors, strong charm. Indy–Intouch and Pring–Chutiya Chiarakul The Channel 8 actor, with a recent break, had no sweet moments appearing. Recently, I met a girl who came to join the film "Mon Dam Siam", so I updated the situation of love, how is it starting from... where is the interesting of "Black Siam Magic" and what made me decide to act in this film"In the story titled Ploy, the script is bright and cheerful, cute, but it is something quite heavy because it is like a storyline and a very bright and cheerful child. There's a climax, because it's also about black magic, so it's something that's quite dark and requires a fair amount of emotion. This movie has its peak in many characters, but it differs in many parts. I decided to play this because it was a movie that I felt I was given the opportunity to play. Movies aren't easy to get to everyone. If there's an opportunity, we'll take it, and it's also a development for Pring." No people talking, no girlfriends. I'm working on it now," previously launched as a boyfriend, it's just been dating, but it's been a long time since Miss Grand, and then it's gone. Now they're good brothers and sisters. We've talked about it, we've met for less than a year. When we were dating, there was some adjustment, but with time, age as well. IT'S A TIMELINE OF PEOPLE'S LIVES, BUT IT DOESN'T HURT ANYTHING, IT'S A GOOD SIBLING, BUT JUST A REDUCTION IN THE STATUS OF "SPONSORED" WHEN DATING, IS THERE ANY RULE? "No, people have to work, they work a lot, and if you can't take the time to fight, you can't do it. Now that they are brothers and sisters, do you know who they are?" you know, it's cute, it's cute, it's a chance to meet your parents, you go to dinner, it's cute, it's warm, you meet at a restaurant, your aunt (Honey-Passorn) is cute, greetings are hospitable, the whole house is good." "No, it's too far away, I don't have time and I don't get home. My parents didn't know what to do because we weren't out of the box, we talked normally, we talked to both sides. Must be in the frame. "Did you break up in about 6-7 months?" "Everyone is backwards, everyone is backing down, it's got a job, there's life, the timeline changes"When you love each other, sweetie?" When I was in school, I had some pick-ups and drop-offs, and I waited at the university." Is it our first love? "It's not poppy love because it's love during work, work and study, it's exhausting, it's exhausting." When I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm going to stay with myself and I'm tired, so I'm going to talk about it," broke up for 5-6 months, how is my heart now? Feelings? "No, we're still good brothers and sisters, but we still have some conversations"Why did we break up?" "No, I don't..." Is there a girl story? "No, no, break up, they're brothers, good for each other." "Okay, we don't have any problems." "No, I didn't put it on because if I chose it, I wouldn't have it." "I'm tall, that's enough, yes, I'm hardworking, I'm not flirting, I'm good at it, I'm a woman, I don't want to choose a lot because I personally do it nowadays, I only work, I don't hang out, I don't see anyone, it's not very social."
Proud Fah - Sia Boat Couple Celebrating Wedding Very Beautiful And Beautiful (Clip)|After Proud Sky Karanchida Khumsuwan Famous actress from the drama "Cage Karma" and Siaboat Natdech Vajiratanawong, promoter of Petchaying Boxing Camp. The engagement ceremony took place on December 22, 2022. PROUD FA-SIA BOAT HAS ALREADY HELD A WEDDING CEREMONY ON THE EVENING OF JANUARY 29, 2023 AT THE FOUR SEASONS HOTEL BANGKOKSPONSORED. HASHTAG #prawfarboat1109 SPONSORED WITH FAMILY MEMBERS, FRIENDS, AND ADULTS TO WITNESS AND CONGRATULATE EACH OTHER. Other entertainers who attended the congratulations were Pear Pichapha, Gina Anna, Prim Prima, Patti Pimpaphon, Chanji Chanjira, Tu Piyavadee, Mawin Thaweephon, Yihua Priyakarn, Nat Nisanee, Booky Pimploy, etc.  
Pukluk Raintip Orange reflective bikini I can see my beautiful body.|Revealing the excitement to the fans again. For the young heroine, Pukluk Fonthip Watcharakul, who recently showed off her sexy crush in a swimsuit. ALTHOUGH THE WEATHER IN THAILAND IS COLD DURING THE WINTER MONTHS, IT CAN'T REALLY DIMINISH THE HEAT OF THIS GIRL.SPONSORED ON INSTAGRAM @pooklook_fonthip POSTED A PHOTO IN A BOUNCY ORANGE BIKINI SWIMSUIT. Showing off her slim body, flat belly, full eyes, making a fire and a short caption "Sea you" and wearing a heart emoji, amid comments from entertainment industry insiders and fans who have sent heart emojis and fires to fill up and say that they are very beautiful. Very good body, can't move, I want this kind of figure, etc.
Mind-Atitaya did a lot of homework with the role of the heroine for the first time in her life in "Mrs. Nak, the daughter-in-law of Phra Khanong".|She is a beautiful and talented girl known to fans as 4EVE who sings, dances, plays, performs, performs all roles. Tribudarak (Mind 4EVE) recently became a heroine for the first time in her life. Teen Piraeus Romantic Drama & Comedy "Mrs. Nak Sa-in-law Phra Khanong" produced by Workpoint Channel 23SPONSORED When I got the chance to get this role. Mind Girl "For the first time in my life, I was given the role of a heroine, it was harder than I thought, but Mind was very focused and did a lot of homework as well. Visually, the action seems too little That kung fu brother is worried that people will not be in Because when we play and look a little calm, we have to try more, give more effort, do more homework with this point that he thak come, at first it is very stressful as well, feel why our script is so difficult every scene, and then in the story of having to play with Brother Tong Neng (Rudklao Amaradit) as well, because we are his daughter-in-law, and also have to play with the very good Brother Nine (Jirayu Ongmanee), so we have to dedicate a lot to match the trust that the brothers trust us to take this role. Thank you to the adults who gave Mind the opportunity this time to play the drama "Mrs. Nak, the in-laws of Phra Khanong". Despite the drama from the first scene... But everyone was always encouraging and taught me acting techniques when I had to go on set together. Stay tuned. Mrs. Nak, the daughter-in-law of Phra Khanong, a lot of happy time, happy time. Family time is 1 p.m. every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday on Workpoint Channel 23. Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Fern Anjasa Stopper back hammer After being asked, "Why is the nose so fake?"|Actress Baifern Anjasa was so upset that she had to take the comments of a netizen who commented on her YouTube channel asking about her nose. Fern Anjasa said, "Why is the nose so fake?" The actress replied, "I have money, my personal tastes, other people say it's beautiful, I think it's beautiful," but the netizen continued, "If you have money, then go back and get your nose done. Find a good doctor because we can't tell. When I saw my nostrils, it was weird. I hope you dare to say it directly." Donupop tweeted a reply on his wife's behalf, saying, "His nose is very beautiful and her husband loves it, it's over." "Okay, it's over."
Open behind CG The drama "Tanaosri" creates animals beyond imagination, like real life!|It's a good job in every element and has become a well-rounded talk for The Tanaosri drama on Channel 8, airing every Monday-Thursday at 5.45pm. Mr. Narongkorn Laosrisin, Managing Director of Kabalsai Animation Co., Ltd., who is behind all CG production, is guaranteed with the 12th-13th Natraj Award for Computer Graphics Design. Sponsored by Mr. Narongkorn said, "When Mr. Sataporn, the organizer, contacted me to do CG drama Tanaosri, it reminded me of when we were young when we were watching adventures in the jungle, full of dangers and mysteries. Solving the mystery to find treasure also makes you feel the challenge of making this drama, and then feel the pressure of the difficulty of the work, which must make the animals in the story realistic, including the movements of the animals to look natural, which is a problem that requires a concise plan and enough CG team to make the best work. The design of animals in the play such as the tiger ming. She gave me a guideline that I wanted it to look like a normal tiger. The team then made several designs for her to find the best one, and it came to a mix of black panther and leopard. The team edited it for the director to see. Modified until it's a live version. This process is like inserting a bone into the tiger, after which the animator moves the tiger into different scenes as if it were an actor. Moving the tiger to look natural is a very detailed task. The tiger's posture must be studied from the video, moving one by one. Start with the legs and torso first, because they are the main part, then collect the head details. Facial expressions, tails, even toes are time-consuming tasks. For those who want to see the real work that now the story is going with intensity, you can watch it in the drama Tanaosri every Monday - Thursday at 17.45 pm on Channel 8, dial 27 and can be watched back at the first place at TrueID through 3 application channels, web and TrueID TV box. Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Franc Nareekul Open your mind after a lot of drama. Half of the people are missing from their lives.|From teenage actors until now, Franc Hormone or Dr. Nareekul. Ketprabakorn has already turned himself into a doctor. She has opened up after seeing a lot of drama to listen to on the show How to tell EP. 64 about the time she was going through a brutal story, with advice for those who are going through drama like she used to. Was it hard for us at the time? I never thought I'd find it, but when I found it, I was grateful. When that happens, we have to be like, Our status has a lot of people looking at it. People expect a lot, so we have to live a little bit more thoughtfully, but after the drama, people can disappear from half of their lives. Because before, people would approach a lot, but when there was a story like it filtered half of us out, it made us appreciate the person who was with us here or at that time a lot on the day we were sad. He's still next to us, that person is the ultimate dramatist, who doesn't even know us, doesn't even know one hundred percent of the story, or doesn't even know anything. He just had an idea to express himself, but he didn't think about us, how he felt. It wasn't that big of a thought for us, so I felt like anyone who was experiencing drama would let it go, and focus more on the people around us. Family, friends, siblings People who really care about us are better. Don't put yourself in there.
Mikey Praya Reveal the reasons why almost 3 million people spent on a 35th birthday party|If you're talking about famous people who live in luxury that many people envy. It must have the name of Mickey Praya Phadungsuk. Businessman, famous YouTuber is definitely addicted to this dart. Mikey Praya wowed many people. When he spent nearly 3 million to throw a big 35th birthday party, Mickey gave the reason for spending so much money on birthday parties because what did Mickey's birthday expect to do? It feels like last year it was a lot of stuff. So I thought it would be the start of the new year, I wanted to have a celebration. Thank you parents, thank you to the team, thank you friends to celebrate this birthday party. THE EVENT IS OUT OF THE MILLIONS, ALMOST 3 MILLION SPONSOREDSPONSORED.
To Kwan Bulkul Open mind in the 50s, life is not as perfect as it seems (clip)|Even though the number 5 is grilled, she always looks beautiful and looks young for Tokwan Bulkul. Recently, I opened up on WOODY FM about the story that caused the most suffering and that life is not as perfect as I thought, which makes it possible to live a life of appreciation with understanding, glad to see the face of Brother Kwan is still as refreshing as before?To Kwan: Well, Woody is the same, we like good energy at this age?To Kwan: Yes, the happiness that it has been through in our lives has learned about it. When we are suffering, we are happy, but it makes us understand life, know life until it is today. We're not perfect, and we don't have everything, but we're proud to have walked through everything. We are not afraid of what will happen, believing that it will pass. In the end, it feels like it's because of us. Speaking of life, no one can help each other. Have to walk by yourself. Every obstacle can be encouraged, can be mentored, can give love, but the best person to get up and walk by himself is us, I told Woody 4 years ago that in 5 years he will leave the industry, remember? I'm still thinking all the time, but I'm still thinking, what if we don't do everything we do now? But I found that I always love the people I work with, so it's another story, not that we're in the industry or anything. I'm a lucky person. Every time, the person she works with becomes a real-life friend. So it's hard to get out of the industry because they're our friends. Going to work is like meeting a friend. We love him and still want to see him, life as a whole, is there anything else we want to find? The more we cope, the more life experiences we get, the harder it can be. This year, my 50-year-old brother doesn't believe that he understands life well, only that he has learned to live with happiness and suffering. Satisfied, dissatisfied. I know how to live with things and emotions, but I don't believe I understand this life well. When we need to find something, we will find it ourselves. How to get through to Kwan: The most distressing thing is about the passing of my parents, because within the past 3 years, it has been broken. My dad lost first. My dad lost in 2019, my mom lost last year, it's a real loss for life, because for me, my dad is very important in life, but we've always known that because my dad wasn't suddenly sick for years. We've done our best. When my dad passed away, we could have moved on, which was really going on, but the suffering was so heavy, like something was torn and then disappeared in my life. Life is really irrenegotiable, it affects us a lot, it's the core of our lives and he's gone. Nowadays, live life with the value of life. Wake up to know the happiness and suffering of each day. When happy, it knows the value of happiness. When faced with suffering, I understand that this is the learning of life. Never underestimate it, watch the clip.
Pukky Princess of Gossip Mount Opal Another dear friend that no one knows.|For Pukky Pavinuch and Opal Panisara, who recently sat down to burn their best friends in the show Friends' Goodies EP.63 This event is not going to be ping-pong, the host of the show. I asked my best friend, Opal, and Pukki didn't wait. Open your mouth to tell your girl friend that she and her college mom weren't in the same group. But Chula is a very close faculty, everyone will have a little bit of a separate group. At that time, he would be a student relations student. He had to make himself a solemn person. Not wow, but always make a tight face. Opal did a great job, but after the cheers ended, he returned to being a normal cheerful Opal, who would be a very funny person in everyday life. At that time, there was a female spirit who liked to follow him, and then we stayed with Opal often, so what would happen to her, such as being in a hotel in Chiang Mai? I was combing my hair and putting a comb on it, and someone knocked on the door, but no one and we were quick mouthed, so I said, no, come in, and the comb that was put on it spins, and then we screamed, jumped into bed with 2 people, and then felt that someone was jumping into bed as well. It's like he's getting older, but the picture that everyone sees is that the CEO is active, powerful, and fast, but he has to go through the wind medicine, the inhaler, the sub-medicine, through the gray hair, and Alin takes off his mother. But Alan took off his dad. 
The porridge shop posted a thank you to Pop Pramote for visiting. The real Hazard popped up.|It's often wrong for 2 young singers. Oat Pramote Patan and Pop Pongkul They are both puppet boys and are close friends and do shows together. Many people often remember the names alternately, causing fans to tease the couple constantly, and recently, oot-pop has gone viral in the social world that has made netizens very hilarious. When a porridge shop in Phitsanulok province posted a picture with Oat Pramote, but wrote a caption that was too funny by saying "Thank you to Pop Pramote", it was called the featured caption overtaking the photo. Blahbla, customers order a little too often, yum sum, pop coastal destroyer, mookpa, pop pramote vilepana, etc. It made fans laugh and comment teasingly.
"Ann Thongprasom" praised "Taew Nataporn", the strong spirit of removing the salt water to film the drama.|The heroine and the talented theater presenter Ann Thongprasom respects the spirit of the young heroine Taew-Nataporn Temiruk, who suffers from cholera, but also took off the salt water to film the action scene of the drama "Vengeance". Spring/Summer 2023 clothing collection was unveiled under the theme of "The Art of Everyday Life" at Fashion Hall, 1st floor, Siam Paragon Shopping Mall. Realizing that James wasn't a little boy for Ann anymore, let's start by asking if he's sick. "When I said that I had this disease, I was shocked. Ann also cried. It's funny. No, this disease, we're still teasing him. It hasn't been around for a long time. Cute little girl Nothing affected the pile, with this week being off camera, the last week was like a reunion of all the actors. When he was sick, he was uncomfortable, but he really couldn't feel it, so he agreed, so he gritted his teeth. Come after noon and get a full bed in the hospital. I took saline for half a day and went back to the hospital, and he was cute. He wants the work to go, but he can't, and he thinks he wants to do it. Ann let him assess herself if she could. If you can't tell me inside, tell me, but if you can't tell me inside, I'll evaluate myself to see if I'm swaying." "It's a hard scene, there's no easy scene, it's the hardest scene, it's piled up for the last two weeks before the camera is off. I have to keep asking if I can do it, but he's very cute, gritting his teeth to fight, but he has to do it too, maybe there are some scenes where Ann wants me to put on 100 days, I can't get 100, I can't just get 80, I need a stand-in to help. Ann wanted this scene from 150, but she had 80, so it was the first stan-in technique. It's the last scene where he has to fight something, he's feminine, Ann is respectful in spirit, she's a very tough woman, she visits the hospital with a saline hose and still sits at work. His heart is very strong and amazing, he respects his kindness, thank you very much, he understands the production. Ann is so grateful to him for giving up so much." "Ann wasn't a sweetheart, when he got out of the hospital, we met, and I thought it was too little, but we bought him some porridge, but we probably didn't care about him. He's a very manly woman, he's very good at picking up symptoms, we can't see he's sick. "I heard that Af-Thaksorn even said that he had to sleep in the day?" She had never had to come across anything like this. Ann sucked a lot of energy. Ann knew she was dead. Ann read the script and thought about how to play it. We haven't played yet, so I'm still worried about whether he'll survive, but he's fighting, and Aff and Taew are two women who were born to be a couple. Aff may not be strong, but the heart is equal. Eve never said he couldn't. He's all right. Ann asked him. Can you do it? He turned to us and asked Ann if he could do something he hadn't done, and one day he played until the next day he couldn't speak. The sound heals and the fever rises. "But the drama wasn't cruel, was it? "It's a little harsh (smiling) to work with you, I have to be patient", how is the hero? "The hero is on standby, because he's happy, you know, it's a good feeling." "He looks like a child whose love is new to him, like we used to be little kids, we understand, turn left, turn right, anything is good, anyone teases anything, smiles, laughs, sometimes he scolds, doesn't know, thinks that tease is ironic, still does not know, will call crazy love, he does not reach that number, called him fit, and he does not come to boast about anything, he just stands smiling for everyone to tease him, playing with him. "Huh, do you think Ann was intentional, the change was that it made you realize that James wasn't a little boy for Ann anymore?" "I was shocked, but I had to make a joke, and I didn't know what to do. Ann said he felt, but he would feel the nitty-gritty," he said, "He told me not to teach anymore? "Yes, he's got a bad waist, we're in fear, he's going to hurt his back, so he's going to hold on to his back." "It's good to be at the wrong time (laughs). "Fans say they want to kill us? "Ann was also scolded by some of the people who cherished James, like if you meant it or not, you want to touch him, right? Ann looked amused, but people interpreted it, it was a waste of meat. We may get used to it, but it's true that when I touch it, Ann can't look at James the same again." "Actually, there was another camera that was taken, and he turned to make a strange face, but Ann didn't cut it. In the past, James, in Ann's eyes, was a little boy. And now (laughs) I'm a grown man and I look at James innocently: "Did he ask us before the clip? "He asked Ann if he could get down, Ann said no matter what, but Ann didn't know how he was going to cut it, he just said he asked for a clip, and she zoomed herself, she sold things, Ann said she was deliberate, Ann was just a game, just a victim who was used, a game flipped, so Ann had to say today that James was a grown man." All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
4 Girls "Pretzels" Full release Singles "No disagreement (U R Mine)"|Welcoming the new era of 4 girls, PRETZELLE from Five Four Entertainment continues to be "crazy in love", which is more than a grown-up both music and members who are both beautiful and more beautiful. Chompoosri and Ice-Irrawaddy Sajpanichkul for the opening single of the Year of the Rabbit, 'U R Mine', are a lively and light-rocking song under the direction of Benz-Kankanat. The band's best-known producer, Um Im, is the main lyricist alongside Ice, and Grace, who is the rap verse's composer. Shin Bong Won can also mix songs with PRETZELLE fanatics on Spotify, Apple Music, Joox, TrueID Music. YOU CAN WATCH IT HERE BY FIVE FOUR ENTERTAINMENT (54 ENTERTAINMENT).
Full Carabel movie "Khun Yay" trending "Joker Sokool" Accepting part two|It has overtaken the curve to become the number one hit movie of the application "MONOMAX". For the film "Khun Yae" directed by Plow Sirisuwan. "I'm glad to see my performance, to have the opportunity to perform with all the great actors, now when I go anywhere, someone is called by our name Khun Yae, and I'm so glad that this character finally came out after we had read the script. The higher the movie's ratings, the higher the performance. My team and I are very happy with the news that there will be a second movie. I haven't had a chance to talk to him yet. I'd be glad it really happened. If I contacted him, I'd have to play. As for me and I'm currently on tour, there will be a new single coming out, I want you to follow me, as well as anyone who wants to follow me and my family, please subscribe to brathida YouTube channel".sponsored
"Lemony" is full of "you know" music, intense, and less style.|The music video was released as the third track from 4 boys' album 'Why Don't I...?' Sanamluang Music Camp, a GMM Grammy group. Team–Anand Puaniran (vocals), First–Kanin Kumprasit (guitar), F–Songpol Detsuwan (bass) and Champ–Sittikorn Kladphet (drums) by Lemony tell us about the origin of this song... "The precursor to 'Know It' came from the team's music demo, the idea of the content of the song, the champion proposed, and then the band came together to think about it, in the music part, both intense and intense, every instrument has its own uniqueness, from the drums playing in a very small style, the guitar from the band's set of challenges, wanting the mood to peak in the solo verses, partly crediting Swedish award-winning producer Eric Blender for filling in the gaps and reducing the excess. The performances of Tol-Apiwit Reardon and Victoria-Victoria Jane Dougard match the character of the band and of the song. ADD LEMONINESS TO BOTH THE STORY LINE AND THE INSERTED GIMMICK"SPONSORED CAN WATCH THE MUSIC VIDEO FOR "KNOW NOW"https://youtu.be/IT2_p80QWhs 
"Bukin" I've seen drama since the beginning of the year when I was flushing the toilet. Sue the seniors.|Just went to make merit to wash the toilet. After seeing the drama since 2000. "Bukin-Puttipong Assaratnakul" Admittedly, maybe it's because it's been a year, but it's hard to handle it, whether it's getting caught up in a fake chat by a senior, or having to take legal action, or digging up a past that once mocked a friend. Meet "Bukin" at "Daikin Per fecting the Air for All" Asked about the recent meritorious place on what occasion?", not on any occasion. There's an adult who's going to go. He loved me and Phi Phi, so he invited us to go with him, went to the temple to wash the toilet, and then went to see the Patriarch. It was the first time I washed the temple toilet, it was also a good new experience for PP, and it was also the first toilet flushing in my life. I think it's fun," he said. Actually, this year there is a brew as well, so take the opportunity to go. But I didn't ask for any special blessings, so I went in and relaxed, "Patriarch, what blessings have you given us? Most of the time, you'll talk, and then you'll go back and bow to you," he said, "I don't know how heavy it is, but this year it's been working (laughs). Ask if you can believe it, listen with your ears. I don't believe that, but it's not indelible, but when I make merit, it's a mental anchor." I actually called to talk to him because he was a senior at my school. I didn't know him, but he attended the same school as me, and I told him it was ok. I wasn't attracted to anything, but I said maybe I might have to apologize because one is that I don't remember, but I don't remember. We couldn't prove the truth, so I finally contacted the third party he mentioned, and he made a fake chat, but we caught him. We felt that when we weren't transparent, the prosecution was more like self-defense, we kept the right that if we couldn't trust him, we wouldn't be able to trust him. Let's do it first. He hasn't gone to court yet, but he's stopped. This one is more of a mediation thing," and how do we feel better now?" I wasn't attracted to that, but when he pushed to claim another person, another person I knew him, so he came out and told me in his corner, I wasn't hooked, but in one corner I took pity on him. After the lawsuit, I haven't contacted you yet, so I'm more comfortable. I don't like having lawsuits, but I'm doing my best." Some are true, some are not true? "When we live our lives, we live our lives. In some ways where we get more edulace, or society gets more edulated, we have all the spots. I've made a lot of mistakes in my life, it's something we have to accept. If we actually did, then today it was Eduket that this was inappropriate. It's understandable, and it's acceptable, it's accepting what we were like that day, and how we are today. How have we changed? How to improve yourself? The good thing is that it reflects society that this is bad, and then it's what we've done, but today we understand this. We grew up and we're sorry that we didn't understand it that well."The fans were worried about our state of mind? It's not the same in that day and today," he said, adding to the entertainment industry. Some things have been around for a long time, but if it's true, we have to admit it's true. THE TRUTH IS THE TRUTH".SPONSORED
James chi loves foam strongly. Send it directly to the sweet photo from Japan, sneak in or there will be good news.|Earlier, he recently posted a picture with his girlfriend outside the industry to his IG Story for fans to see as an appetizer for the sweet-faced young hero James Jirayu Tangsrisuk. Jamesji made friends in the entertainment industry as well as fans have to like and comment on the tease when he posted a sweet photo of him having his legs amputated with a picture of James and his girlfriend Foam standing in the snow facing each other, tagging his girlfriend and writing the caption "Powderday.
Jaa Natthaweeranuch tells the story of a former VJ who is a hot girl. The young man flirted until he got the nickname of his mother Snowy.|It is another girl who used to be nicknamed Cassowy. Another showbiz player for Jaa Natthaweeranuch, who in the past had to admit that she is another hot girl who frequently follows the guys selling dumplings, has become news and has earned such a nickname. Jaa sat down to talk about his life story and tell his past story in the show "Vijay", the legend of Casnowy, through the hands of his mother, more than half of the industry l Sanibao was light, which at some point Jaa talked about the origin of the nickname Casnowy that he received for everyone. Winners A lot of news. If, from the analysis, it is the middle generation, the old, the middle, the new, the older, he will close. He had to sneak up on each other, camouflage, but he was in the old middle, the new middle, and on Channel V, it would be more modern than the channel. Meet up at the mall. Journalists agreed. In the past, paparazzi were very tough, used to go for walks, go with anyone I don't know (laughs). I don't remember and then someone holding my phone pressed to take a picture And then I turned to see it and walked over and asked to see my phone a little bit And he said what my phone was until we saw that he took a picture Then I raised my hand and said that I can delete it because it was sold in the past. 1-20 thousand per photo has sponsored at first, I don't like the word cassovy at all. Because it's a word that says flirting, if you're serious about love, you'll feel like you're not flirting. When dating someone, one by one. Maybe we haven't chosen 1 T, the person who sees it counts as 1 person, and then this person is considered a fan, so it turns out that it counts all, or the promotional news is there, or after playing and talking, there is a billionaire to flirt with, but strange? Like a car show. I don't know if I'm really rich because I haven't reached the stage of getting to know you yet. When I first came to Channel V, I drove to deliver the snacks and then went back. The next day he came again, but the car was not unique, maybe we went to eat in the alley, he asked to come to him. Bring your stuff, drive to the front of the store, let us see what he's driving. Another shop had no place to park, he drove up the footpath, who did not ask why the car was so crowded because he was afraid of not stopping. I want to plant flowers for the whole garden, and I wake up to see the flowers in the whole house. I didn't get married yet, so I asked him to do it for 6 months and then we talked, but he only did it for 3 months. 
PK lifts yogurt to the shelf, works to keep money for his wife. I only carry 300 a day.|Who would have believed that such a handsome man as Bad P.K. Piyawat? The nation's top male host and currently stripped of his fangs for his beautiful wife, Yoghurt Natchach. It can be said that from a tiger to a cat, and if you ask about the diligence of this young man, not to mention, we can see it in entertainment programs or events. Young PK proudly replied that he kept it to his wife and he only carried 300 dollars a day, believing that many 2023 butlers who worked until they didn't have time to manage their pocket money could be PK. Of course, because the word he said, believe wife, life will be good, it exists. This work is done by the girls. JEALOUS OF YOGHURT GIRLS IN A ROW, RAISE PK TO BE AN EXAMPLE HUSBAND.
Ann Lan, Jamesji, is no longer a little boy. Missed the target (clip)|Ann Thongprasom opens up after joining UNIQLO Spring/Summer 2023 clothing collection launched under the theme of "The Art of Everyday Life" at Fashion Hall, 1st floor, Siam Paragon Shopping Mall. Realizing that James wasn't a little boy for Ann, he asked if his hand missed on James-Jirayu's crotch?" I think that Ann was intentional, the change was that this story made me realize that James is not a little boy for Ann anymore"SPONSORED, when I was shocked?", shocked, but I had to make a joke, which I didn't know how to do. Ann said he felt, but he would feel the nitty-gritty, "He told me not to teach anymore?" Ann invited him up again, he didn't get up, "How hard does it look?" He's going to hurt his back so he's going to be in front of me, "Is it good hope at the wrong time?" Ann says James isn't shy, "Fans say they want to take possession of us?", Ann was also scolded by some of the people who cherished James. You want to touch him, right? Ann looked amused, but people interpreted it, it was a waste of meat. We may be used to it, but it's true that when I touch Ann, I can't look at James the same again."James said he was a little shocked?", there was actually another camera that was taken, and he turned to make a strange face, but Ann didn't cut it. In the past, James, in Ann's eyes, was a little boy. Now (laughs) I'm a grown man and I look at James innocently, "Did he ask us before the clip?" Ann said no matter what, but Ann didn't know what she was going to cut. He just said he asked for a clip, and it was Mrs. Zoom herself. Ann said she was deliberate. Ann is just a game, it's just a victim being used, a flipping game. A post shared by Jirayu Tangsrisuk (@jirayu_jj)SPONSORED
Fat Rangsit gives back the red car to Mango, people focus on the beautiful and very beautiful mother's figure.|For the young actor Fat Rangsit, who previously invested more than 15 million to build a new house for him. Mango or Park Hyun-sun, south Korean wife and Roha Son, so that the whole family can be together at the latest. Fat Rangsit has raised money to buy a red car for his wife to use in Thailand, which Mango posted on Instagram with the caption, "My husband. You're the cutest today. MANY PEOPLE WHO FOLLOWED CAME TO CONGRATULATE EACH OTHER A LOT, BUT ONE THING THAT CAUGHT THE EYE WAS THE FIGURE OF THE MANGO MOTHER, WHO, DESPITE HAVING CHILDREN, WAS STILL VERY BEAUTIFUL AND IN SHAPE.
"Jenny-Gotchi", the best couple to challenge the cold in the Japanese snow, drops pearlfinha "TrueMove H Pabin, eat it".|Not only can you feel the cold weather in the snow, but you'll also be filled with happiness. 2 girls in a good mood, 2 hot hosts from the show "Tay Tiew Thai", "Gotchi - Tajchakorn Boonlaphayanan" and "Jenny – Watchara Sukchum". Put a smile on your face throughout your GMM trip. Grammy and TrueMove H organized "TrueMove H Pabin To Eat In Hokkaido with Jenny-Gotchi Season 2" to bring lucky winners to sign up for SMS entertainment services from Grammys, such as thai travel clips, entertainment pontoons, auspicious numbers, flying to Hokkaido, Japan. Get up close and personal with Jenny and Gotchi and have fun for free for 6 days and 4 nights !!! SPONSORED on the first day of touching the land of Japan!! Start at Asahiyama Zoo, stop by to greet the winter animals. Guests are invited to experience the extreme coolness at the Ice Pavilion and enjoy the adventure at Shikisai No Oka Park before visiting Shirohige Falls, one of the five most beautiful waterfalls on Hokkaido. The small houses are lined with beautiful lights. Jenny–Gotchi Don't miss out on photo poses, including the lucky winners of TrueMove H Travel SIM's internet SIM, connect to social media, post photos and clips to Otaru Canal, major landmarks and Otaru Music Box Museum and Ishiya Chocolate Factory. Visit Hokkaido Shrines In addition to traveling, you can also enjoy the famous dishes here, such as yakinikuset, traditional Japanese kaisekiset, udon and tempura set, fresh sushi and sashimi, ishi karinabe. Hot pot menu with grilled seafood, famous seafood buffet at Nanda Buffet Sapporo and Shabu Shabu, a Japanese buffet. Walking through Tanukikochi Walking Street, an old shopping district, followed by Mitshui Outlet, SPONSOREDJNY revealed, "This time, I came to Hokkaido to experience the coldest weather of my life, to play adventure activities, to ride snowmobiles in the snow, it's a new experience for us. In addition to having fun and marveling at the sights, you can also eat hokkaido's famous delicacies at almost every meal. This trip is all about eating, traveling, shopping, and most importantly, getting good friendships," said Fak Gotchi, "I'm glad to have the opportunity to come to this trip because it's my first time in Hokkaido. Experience extreme coldness like never before in your life. It was my first trip abroad after COVID-19 and I met my fans.
The last bend, um, skowjai, show the numbers. The bell is a lottery ticket to buy on February 1, 2023.|After earlier, Aom Skowjai just gave rice to feed the bell to fill his stomach before taking a look at the lucky numbers in a glass jar with the caption of Aom that is written in the caption "Nong Bell came to tell you a good night", and fans who came to comment And many people also saw the same number as well, such as 46789 = 46 47 48 49 67 68 69 78 79 89 back, 9478 from top to bottom, 86-84-47-46. PRESS 46 I LIKE TO TRADE, FIRECRACKER NUMBER 984, THE SAME NUMBER AS ME, ETC.SPONSORED
"Bo-Joyce" Y2K era mother  Invite "Bai Po-Tony" to dance MV handkerchief in the movie "You and Me and Me"|It is considered a legendary hit song. Invite everyone to go back in time and experience it. "First Love" in the 2000s with the song "Handkerchief", the theme song for the film "She and Me and Me" in an exclusive version by artist Triumphs Kingdom Feat. When Tony-Anthony Buiseret performed a rap verse in Isaan, enhanced by Boss-Narubesh Guno to direct the music video, the song made Mood and Tone look bright but like a throwback to time. Bring back the same feelings in front of me. The filming atmosphere was very fun, the actors were lovely. Very charming. Please follow MV and cheer us on"Follow the love movie "You and Me and Me" by twin director Wanwaew–Waewwan Hongwiwat and the first production of Tong–Banjong Pisanthanakul on February 9th in theaters.
Longan Haithong is worried about a female fan being punched in front of the stage. This shouldn't have happened. |There was an altercation in the middle of a concert of Longan Haithong in Pathum Thani province between male and female fans, in which the male side was intoxicated and punched 2 women in the face. Normally, when we see a problem, we'll clear that up immediately in the clip we're singing on stage, maybe we're shaking hands with the fans in front of the stage. Usually when people hit each other in front of the stage. People would spread out into bands, but that day there was no us, so we didn't see the rhythm of the rally, and when it was in the news, I was worried about everyone who came to the concert because they were determined to come to our concert. I WANT TO BE VERY ENCOURAGING, I UNDERSTAND, I didn't do anything wrong right now, I'm not sure if it's cleared up yet"SPONSORED, do you see this happen often?", people hit the front of the stage often. If we see who hit each other, we say which one, so that the officers catch the right person. We usually see it all the time because we're on stage. Whoever has a problem, we sue the authorities. Others join in the fun, not wanting the front of the stage to get into trouble. Sometimes we understand that there is a drink of intoxication, but we want to control our consciousness a little so that there is no repercussions. But that day was very crowded, it was a free opening. "As an artist who wants to campaign not to hit each other at concerts?", really, no matter what the concert or the situation is, it shouldn't be all talked about. In this case, women don't know anything about it. It's a lot of people, he probably doesn't intend to have a few bumps. It's not a big deal to hit." "I'm not afraid of getting lost, so we can help you because we're on stage and it's another eye to see, maybe even more visible than the brothers or the care team. We can't control the situation below, there may be a stoppage. I used to have it, but not often, but I said it on the mic. If you're going to hit each other, you're going to hit outside. Others came to see the concert. If it's a problem and you're having problems, poke around and go outside. It troubled other people too, because he bought tickets"Have you ever been hit by someone on stage?" He pulled some, we avoided knowing that this person pulled us not to catch. When we don't catch it. He started to lure money, which is really to say that I caught everyone, not about whether there was a bank in their hand or if it was a big bank, a small bank, not related anyway. When we don't go, it's not a reason for you to have money or not, but you pull us, so we don't go and catch you. So he crumpled and threw it up on stage. It's like throwing up to know that you're not satisfied." With curls There were a lot of rounds, we pinched back, but we smiled, like nothing happened, it was slick, we fought too. He knew because he was hurt, he was gone, but some of them were still there." I think there must be some. We just have to put Stockings are already wearing support. I want to spoon it. If it's your pleasure, you're spooning it to the fullest. I don't see it IF YOU'RE HAPPY, YOU'RE HAPPY," HE SAID, REFERRING TO AN INCIDENT WHERE SOMEONE COMMENTED ON WEARING A BIKINI WHEN HE WENT TO THE BEACH. A picture of a bikini?", we went to the sea, was that correct? We're with friends. It's all right, we're with a friend, we use another kind of speech, we're with an adult, or we're with a boyfriend, we're going to have another kind of speech, which we can't use the same words anyway. Because being with friends, perhaps very close, there may be Gu Mung with closeness. But if it's impossible for us to speak to an adult or a boyfriend, it's all right, right? I didn't explain it, I said I didn't have to. If you say this, I think it's not wrong, we're right, "Do you see this often?", and then there are some, and I see it (jackpot at this person?). Yes, it's been a long time. (smiling) "He told me not to follow us anymore?", "He also said he was a fan of buying things with us all the time. When we answer like this, will unfollow?", he should understand, it's the right thing to do with someone, it's all right, what's wrong?"
Viu joins hands with LOVEiS to deliver MEAN to "Return Man" series|Viu (View) A streaming film and series provider that creates and entertains millions of viewers in Thailand, it joins forces with record labels that produce music and quality artists LOVEiS ENTERTAINMENT to deliver its latest new year project series "Return Man". Great love for the reclaimer." "Alek-Theeradej" joins the actress "Pat-Chayanit" to perform and listen to the theme song from the series from the famous 4 young artists MEAN "No right to possess", the soundtrack from the series "Return Man". "Love Thief" is a love story between two people who are unrequited in love and are seen as precious as mere fragments. In spite of the feeling, I was as dedicated as the other person. In the end, this person has no right to love, no right to possess. The only right is just regret, with 4 young mean bands delivering sad, heartbreaking songs. To make the series more perfect, watch the series "Return Man. "Love the Night" on Viu starts on February 8th, download Viu for free on https://bit.ly/3yXdm4u or the website www.viu.com Mount Clear. Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath FictionSPONSORED
"Bright" sends "My Ecstasy" love song to "Bow" and "D GERRARD" co-producer Feat.|"BRIGHT" (Bright-Wachirawit Chiari) under "GMMTV" on the single "My Ecstasy", an R&B hiphop genre that has hundreds of millions of views like "D GERRARD" as producer and featuring it is the first collaboration of "My Ecstasy". Seeing love as the most important thing and a matter of heart that transcends reason, for the music video part is Mood & Tone, which is cool and blends sexiness perfectly. In addition to "BRIGHT", the artists and performers of "GMMTV" have a variety of talents, the new brand "RISER MUSIC" was established to support the outstanding musical talents of the artists in the group, and in addition to "BRIGHT", the artists who have the first song from "RISER MUSIC", there are Chris–Peerawat Sangpotirat, Nonn–Kornpat Bornpan, SIZZY, Project Alpha, and others. Follow the song "My Ecstasy" today on YouTube : RISER MUSIC.
Aom Arakpan, who has cancer near his heart and lungs, underwent surgery today (video)|After the news came out earlier that the famous hero was suffering from a terrible disease. Many people have guessed who it is and wish this young hero a speedy recovery. Mo Amina, who attended the press conference to launch "AFbrother", an influencer advertising platform, revealed for the first time that Aom Arakpan Namat has cancer which has a lump in the heart muscle and spreads to the lungs, which has been done 5-6 times in the past, and today, January 31, 2023, Aom has undergone surgery. If he wants to be private, we will give him private. We understand the symptoms of illness. I understand the state of mind that I can tell is that I fight a lot, really fight. Today I had surgery at 11 o'clock and everyone cheered me on. A lump rises directly in the heart, which is an operation to remove the chest. A lump of about 10 cm rises on the heart muscle layer, making it uncomfortable, suffocating in two small areas of the lungs. The doctor will check the meat again to see what it is. What's next?" "SPONSORED NEWS HINTED AT LUNG CANCER?", NO, IT'S ON THE HEART, WHICH MO IS NOT SURE WHAT THE DOCTOR CALLED IT, WHAT CANCER IS AT THE HEART. I've been fighting a lot, I've been giving chemo for a while, I've been fighting a lot, so I told him to answer the phone a lot because he'll call a lot, he knows, he's still talking normally. In a few days, we'll be on the phone. I didn't see it. Yesterday I talked to him and said I'm going to visit, and he told me to come and stir our nerves. He's probably lonely, "He's still stirring?", he's still the same. As I said, I'm very fighting. Everyone cheers for Pee-um, it's the best because one brother fights and he wants encouragement from all the fans of the drama. Open the production and don't forget Goona Huei. Mo told him if he had recovered and come out first, and the rest would be arranged by himself, he would support himself"When did he detect the lump?", since October last year when he just started, it was already 2-3 stages. Don't worry, I don't know. I'm going to make her go away," the fans heard the shock too?", it was shocking. We felt we were more concerned about him. He's still young. It doesn't look that far. It's just encouraging right now. Yesterday I told him, encouraging him that I needed to wake up. When it comes to our hearts, we feel anxious," he said, having to fall and had to change abruptly because of illness. "It must have felt, we will try not to say anything that makes him feel fell, we are fully supportive, don't worry, Amina is already supportive, "How long is the treatment period?", according to the chemo dose prescribed by the doctor, how many chemo times after the surgery, how many chemo treatments are required? HE GAVE CHEMO 5-6 TIMES BEFORE THE SURGERY, AND THEN HE HAD AN APPOINTMENT FOR A DISSECTION, BECAUSE BEFORE 12 CM, THEN IT WAS REDUCED TO 10 CM. AFTER GIVING CHEMO.
Channel 7HD reveals the secrets of the month of love.|Welcome to February with a story about the heroines of Channel 7HD that has chemistry that fans are secretly eager to sneak into. So today I invited my own couple and delved into the close relationship that many people want to know, starting with Mukda-Narinrak, who is filming 2 new dramas, both in the role of a goofy girl who crosses time to find true love opposite Mike-Patradej. In the drama "Petra Narumit" and paired with Euro-Yosawat for the first time in the romantic drama "Dew Fire", Mukda would like to open up to Mike and Euro, saying, "When it comes to Brother Mike. Now we're back together in the drama, Petra Narumit, Mook and Mike, we know and have worked together for 3 years. For Mukda, if you think about your brother, he will miss cuteness. If you talk about Mike's goofiness, it's when he's shocked. He will have a voice that is quite unique, it is a voice that when everyone hears, they will have to turn to see if this is the voice of the hero, is it cute, it is the brightness of his brother, there is also the story of his brother's fear, which is a lot, but for Mukda it is considered a cute fear, and the other person who comes to mind is Euro, who is working together on the dew fire. There is a lot of cuteness in Euro, and in the corner that Mukda sees, I guess and can't tell what it is, but Euro is a cute person and makes everyone smile." After this year, we played 2 dramas together, "Block the Way of the Gun" and "Swan in the Crow's Cage". The real one is very playful, probably because we're getting closer. Ben will fine-tune a lot of things. Like slapping pearls, teasing, but Ben also has his own space, because he's a very serious person. Phi Phi sees him as a great person, a perfect person, a very quality hero. That's important. Ben, he's very fond of the girls in the theater." Starting with Louis Hess, who is currently working on "In the Way of the Gun", talking about the heroine herself, Cartoon-Natcha said, "The cartoon is a very cute person. At first, he didn't dare to talk to anyone. I'm going to be the one to invite you to talk first, but after working for a while, he's inviting us to talk non-stop (laughs). When I don't come, I'm lonely. He's a good talker, bright. When I meet him, he always invites us to talk. Bliew-Warapol, now filming the drama "Sorn Nakhi", opposite 2 heroines Now-Tisanat and Cartoon-Natcha, opened up to 2 girls, saying, "Brother Now and Cartoon, both are very friendly, especially Brother Now, who is very funny. I've just worked with him. At first, I admit that I was very tense, but when I met them, I worked together. He's the one who's going to play with us, tease us, make us laugh, he's melting our behavior and he's going to play with him to the fullest, which I want to thank him very much. As for comics, we have a sense of companionship, it's pretty easy to play. When we're resting, we'll share our thoughts on how we're going to play, it's a lot of fun work." It also represents wishing all fans a happy month of love. "I just had the opportunity to work with Grace for the first time in a lot of true love. When we got together, I found that Grace was funny and very attentive. Very professional. We're fast, Grace is funny. As I now see, Grace has a good love. I feel like he's a very good person who takes care of himself. It's someone who knows what they want. What to do, why, for what? When I see him happy with his loved ones, I feel good too. I want this friend of mine to be happy""And for the month of love. This Valentine's Day, I wish everyone a very happy day. I really want everyone to be happy every day. But this Valentine's Day is quite a special day that will make everyone focus on love. May this Valentine's Day be a tool to rejuvenate everyone's heart. Anyone who already has a partner, please be happier. For those who are single, that's fine. Because we still see the love of everyone. You see, it might make you feel bright. It's heart-wrenching. I wish you all a happy Valentine's Day." Love smells good. Regardless of the form, status, we can always spread happiness to everyone around us. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Hail. Auspicious incense point asking for numbers Netizens flock to try their luck (video)|It is another person that Duang Heng has been awarded almost every installment for the young country singer Hai. And there are always fans who ask him to reveal the numbers that he has on a regular basis, which he can't stand the call. The post revealed the number that had been posted to fans as well. Araporn recorded a clip of the moment when he lit an auspicious incense stick at the request of fans who wanted to get a lucky number to try their luck. In this clip, the country singer said, "Come on, mom, wow, I'm dead, I've never done a clip like this. I'll light an incense stick today, I won't tell you. For many periods, I don't want to talk. Don't scold each other, this is the guideline, the first row sees the same, right? The first row is number 9, right? The second row sees the number 6, the third row sees the number 6. THE FIRST ROW 9 0 OUT, THE SECOND ROW 6 1 OUT, THE THIRD ROW 6 2 WOW, AND SPONSORED, YOU LIKE WHICHEVER ONE YOU BUY, OR YOU DON'T LIKE IT, YOU CAN CLICK THROUGH IT. No, don't say that. I wanted to do it because a lot of people asked. 9 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 (The 2nd row of incense moves slightly), do you see the same? And the third row 6 2 0 wow".  
Revealing the timeline of Aom Arakpan, cancer near the heart, spreading to the lungs (clip)|After Ms. Mo Amina Pinit interviewed that the young hero Aom Arakpan Namat suffered from cancer near the heart and spread to the lungs, she underwent surgery today (January 31, 2023). Black ant News of Aom Arakpan's illness On the "Egg News" program on Thairath TV Channel 32, he said that in this hospital, Aom was very supportive and said that if anyone has been following Aom's work all the time. He has been in front of Channel 7 for decades, and there is no time to disappear from the screen and reveal the timeline of Young Aom's illness. At that time, the news of the acronym came out, and I said in ig that I was sick. After that, Aom's character was changed to allow him to heal himself. So far, 4 months have been in and out of the hospital. Amina said she had cancer, a 12cm piece of meat on her heart, spread to her lungs, and had chemo 5-6 times. When the piece of meat becomes smaller His hope was to have a necrosis removed. After this, I looked at how many chemo times I needed to do chemo, which black ants said they had talked to Aom. When people are sick We were encouraging, wishing the surgery to work out well and believing that one day you will have to come back healthy, and the thing that Aom loves the most is acting, before saying, "What Aom says all the time to me is, "Brother Ant, will I have a job?"
People cheered after seeing the picture of Matt Bheerney in the hospital. Wishing you well.|I recently posted a photo on Instagram. After recently opening a popsicle gelato smoothie shop. For actress Matt Bheerney, but most recently on fan Instagram mattperanee_worldwide Share a photo of actress Matt Bheerney admitted to hospital for treatment. The message in the photo shared reads, "Tell me to take some rest, really rest, stay at (hospital symbol)". Many of the people who followed came to ask for redemption and sent a lot of encouragement to Matt. You're beautiful, you're beautiful. Good people, good luck, get well soon ka, AND PINN KEJMANEE ALSO CAME IN AND COMMENTED, "HOW ARE YOU DOING, BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE, HEAL QUICKLY?"
Pook Apasra reveals the warmest moments Pok-Margie brings his grandchildren to dinner.|Make your fans happy in a row. When Pook Apasra Hongsakul Thailand's first Miss Universe The mother of singer Pok Passornkorn Jirathiwat revealed a heartwarming moment in the family that was very good for her heart by Instagram @apasrahongsakula revealing the atmosphere when Pokpasri and his wife, Margie Rasri Balenciaga, as well as Meeka - Meena The twin sons and daughters came to eat together warmly together on Mother's Day 2022 and wrote the caption "Mother's Day, August 12, 2022, Pok Margie took me to eat with Meeka Miya".
Lemon Arrow Art I'm still single because I'm in love with my old love.|The leading heroine of The Maksi Channel who suddenly disappeared from the industry to go to study like Lemon Sornsilp And still have the news that she went to study and broke her heart! All the issues in the talk show SHOW aired on Channel One 31 with PK Piyawat and Peggy Srithanya running the show suddenly disappeared from the industry?Lemon: We have been in the industry since we were 16-17 years old. Than you can ask for an affiliation. During that time, the play was filmed every day. We feel we have a goal. I want to go to school and pursue my ultimate dream. We entered the industry early. We didn't fully study with him choosing to abandon the heroine's duties, is it a pity? If we're smart. Knowledge comes back, beautiful stories. It's more about acting. That's how I think about it. We loved football so I went to England to study, it was more for us than in america with my brother. If I go to live with my brother, I don't think I'm free, I think I've gone (laughs). When I asked for a channel, the contract wasn't over yet. At first, I went to study for 6 months, but when I got hooked, I asked for 6 more months and I felt like studying. P.O.S. continued before studying language preparation for another 1 year, studying for a total of 3 years. When he asked us not to play, he refused to do it, he felt that it wasn't anymore, he cleared with him that I was focused on studying, I wasn't playing, my mother asked if I had seen many celebrities studying abroad and then disappeared. He was scared. Naw says he's also lucky to have social media. I told my mom not to worry, but if it's true, we'll get back into that place, it's hard. But we'll have to trade what to do. Could we be a little extreme, cancel the contract?: Talk to the channel, the manager. Tell him we're afraid to ask for the middle. I want to come out and study, I understand that we are studying really hard, we ask to end the contract, there is news, I want to tear the contract to study, I will not come back because of a broken heart? It sees the world, feels like my heart is gone, we enjoy the world, it feels like it's fun. We have done things that we have never done before. Lemon: A normal kid who lives in a different province, at home, does school by himself, we are quite dashing, we have always been in the industry, all the girls school, there are people who like? With us being school athletes, there will be some girls coming in. We don't like attacks, we feel dangerous, there are some people who come to like us, we like them a little bit, the state of the heart right now?: I've been single for a while, there are some people coming in, but we feel like we still enjoy living single. When we get back single, we can do anything. No need to report to anyone. Don't expect much. But it's not clear because our hearts aren't open, we're focused on what we need to be ready for. If we are unstable and cannot make money, then who will take care of us if we are going to flirt? Age doesn't matter as much as maturity, like hardworking people who don't open up if we're ready to be a little more stable in our careers as we set out to do. It's a love story. If you get to that point, click and get married. It's more about being ready than being in love with an old love?: Maybe yes, I don't want to get hurt. Dating for a very long time since childhood. When we went to class, it was backwards. Different people go out and pursue their dreams, take a step back to see if this person is right or not, how to finish beautiful?Lemon: Maybe there's no one who finishes that well, just we don't get angry, don't hate, we can be friends. At the time, it was hert. We don't express ourselves, but our friends around us know what our hearts are inside. Are we hurting ourselves? But now I'm looking for a job for him.12 Lemon: I'm sorry. But if it's not, it's more of a shame. There's still a long way to go, and there's still a lot to come back. The future is yet to be answered. Different people learn from each other. Everyone has their pros and cons, they've learned together all their lives, there's only one girlfriend? Lemon: We talk at home if one day we don't have a husband. We don't have a family, and our sisters can't have children. My sister is LGBTQ, so I think I'm pregnant, I'm afraid of giving birth, I'm afraid of getting hurt. At first, he was idolized, but when he sat down to talk at home, he was ok, but made twins and divided, which his girlfriend agreed to. The world is scary about a lot of things, and we're not ready to get pregnant, but if we have a compatible boyfriend, we might get pregnant, and who's going to own the semen? There will be labs where we can choose genes. We can buy, we can choose. What profession? We can choose. He picked genes for me if I was single for the rest of my life? We feel like we're having fun. Alone is fine. It doesn't have to be a lot of burden. Make money for your family at home. Lemon: It used to have that idea, it was, yes, we probably can't really move on yet. Being alone, let's concentrate on ourselves. There was a time when we came back and talked to my dad, but we went back and talked to ourselves about what to do. Now I want to be stable. Do what you want to do. We're constantly developing and practicing about real estate, jobs in the industry? There are a lot of people who flirt, but we're not that old, we still have the ability, we play dramas, we play movies, things like that. Now I want to be a sports show host.
I barely remember Phut-Chui changing his haircut look. Baby face like a Korean hero|A full-fledged parent for Phut Puttichai Kasetsin and Chui Waratya Nilkuha, who at the end of last year gave birth to their first son, Chui. We will see their cute moments all the time, including the development of PJ until the fans fall in love with the latest. Peirje sleeps. Arm-in-arm to shake off Luke, he got a new haircut and showed off the photo and wrote the caption: "The moment you fall asleep. My parents cut their hair," he said, adding that the event attracted a lot of likes. Many of them also said that they were both much younger, with their father appearing to be a Korean hero. BARELY REMEMBERED.SPONSORED
Entertainment people Participate in the 2022 World Cup prediction postcard draw|It's done beautifully. For the 2022 World Cup prediction draw ceremony, postcards and online postcards under the campaign "Cheer the ball for it, get lucky" were held at Warehouse 7, Thairath Group Headquarters. At 1:30 p.m. on Jan. 31, the lucky winner Maha Heng received the new millionaire to welcome the New Year as a police sword in Tak province, winning the 1st prize with 5 million baht cash. Amidst the excitement and joy of the participants who witnessed the prize draw, Mr. Gustavo Alberto Martino Ambassador of Argentina to Thailand who was honored to be the lucky postcard winner of the 1st prize and Mrs. Yingluck Watcharapol Chairman of Thairath Group Mr. Sarawut Watcharapol managing editor In addition, there were also honored guests who attended the event, as well as sponsors, sponsors, and star artists who attended the event to witness and participate in the lucky draw. Khemnij Jamikorn, Tong Kawin Thamsatchanan, Om Suchar Mana ying, Jam Rashta Hampanon, Sammy Cowwell, Luke Ishikawa Plawden, Pat Worayos Boonthongnoom, Atlaz, Laz1, Mook Woraniss Thavornwong, Dang Panakorn Bunyajinda, Ploychomphu Yannine Bharavi Weigel, Ohm Thitiwat Sublime, Sara Chatchaya, Panat Khun Pasert Getsunova, Paoli Pornpimol, Wiwat Chamram (Cham Chamram), Deer Arisara Miss Tiffany, Eh Jirakorn, Boy Phitsanu, Monica, Tea Chiranat, Jeminin Narawit, Forth Nattawat, Oat Ratthirm, Wai Panyarisa, Jack Jarupong, Kulmas, Tawan Nawinwit, Atom Nathapop, Beep Sirasan, Sylvie SPONSORED Thairath Online Entertainment Congratulations to all the winners of the award. 
Sara Clear Status Mickey The national football team still loves each other well, without a third hand.|After the previous Sara chatchaya charoenchan He posted a message about love with the message, "One-hearted love is the quality of loving someone. If one day you lose love and don't want to go on, try your best again, but if it still doesn't, just be honest and stop loving... This work has led to the arrest of a relationship with Mickey Pathompol. Thailand's senior national football team players have a problem or not. Latest Sara The winner of the 2022 World Cup prediction postcard was asked about his relationship with young Mickey. AT THIS EVENT, THE ACTRESS OPENED UP ABOUT THE STATUS QUO TO EVERYONE ABOUT SPONSORED". I saw the news and was shocked (dragging the sound) at that time I didn't know that there was news. When I saw it, I was shocked that it was so big that I posted it, I just felt that the message was the truth of love. Love is about honesty. If they don't love each other, they break up. You don't have to cheat on someone else, make the other person sad, just feel that it's true that every couple has to be like this, that the post is not about their own love at all. We don't have any problems, but if you ask if we have a problem. There's a problem. The problem is that it's already there, but it's not something I posted, and when I saw the news, we talked. Because people were shocked (smiling) At first we didn't have a problem at all, but when there was news, there was a problem. Because he was asked a lot, we were asked a lot, and we worked, so we said we'd better see each other. Now very busy and stressed too. The problem came crashing in, and when he saw the news, he was shocked, because just me just posted this, why is it such a big deal? He was puzzled that we weren't famous either, why people were so interested, so I said, we might be both public people, it's normal for people to be interested, but there's no third-hand problem. Of course not, because he's clear every day. That said, when we have questions or doubts, we choose to ask each other so that the other person has nothing to worry about. It's easier to talk to each other every day. He wondered, he asked. So I'm very clear, so I have to be careful about posting, because honestly, I don't think this kind of post will be news. Next, you have to be careful about social media, because now everything is too fast. Thank you to everyone who was very concerned for their support and support, everyone asked me what it was, okay? Thank you very much, I would like to say that if I can't or need encouragement, I will post to let everyone know that I am tired, I need encouragement. He's already a caring person, a consistent person. We spend our lives adjusting to each other every day. We didn't know what to expect each day, so we made the day as happy as possible. So that we don't have to sit back and think, will it still be happy tomorrow? This incident was a lesson, and it made us both understand each other better. It makes us more open to dialogue."
Miss Tiffany wields his girlfriend to launch same-sex couple and opens up for the first time (video)|The whole event was a surprise for a couple of deer Arisara. Dare Miss Tiffany 2022 who recently wielded his girlfriend Elfty. Sasinat Teachsurat attended the awards ceremony. Cheer the ball for it and get lucky at Warehouse Building 7, Thai Rath Headquarters. Vibhavadi Road, where the couple is a transgender couple, had already made their debut on the day of their Miss Tiffany inauguration, and the couple revealed their relationship at first was secretly puzzled by their status. But in the end, it is with love and understanding, and reveals the path of love before today, the beginning of love: "It started with friendship, a relationship between the two of us that was comfortable, had good feelings for each other, and developed into a relationship that was more than friends." When we meet every day, where do we go? So the relationship has evolved from what we see every day. Some days we find things that are not good, we find regrets, it is him who comes next to us, so it is the development of a relationship"SPONSORED, does it take a long time to agree to be a deer: "Well, it's about 3-4 months, we already know each other, but we've only talked for 3-4 months, which is really funny, for other people it may not be very long, but for us it's a very long time because we're together every day. Seeing every moment of each other"For the first time we had a boyfriend who was also transgender?Deer: "Yes, both of you have always had a boyfriend"The first feeling we agreed to be boyfriends, we ever wondered to ourselves? How do we manage our feelings? We have to feel like we're men or who we have to be, it's going to be a lot of confusion. We began to feel that love wasn't just about men and women. It's all friends, brothers and sisters, and it's just comforting." How do we feel, Elfty: "Actually, the sight when people look at me is like we're transgender, we're already being looked at as young people, so we're used to not paying attention, we have a way of dealing with feelings, we choose not to care. Choose to look at anything that is our pleasure. We focused and walked that way." What do you want to say to the deer society today: "In fact, my partner is not the first couple, but he hasn't launched into the online world yet, I want everyone to understand that there are not only two genders in the world, there are a lot of different groups of people, different nationalities, different skin colors, gender diversity, I want to be open, accept, open up, understand us, don't ask for opportunities, don't ask for exceptions, don't ask for anything special, just ask to understand us as human beings, we have feelings, we have the right to be loved and we have the right to love anyone." It's like he's never seen what's going on, so he thinks it's possible, which we've seen before, so I feel like it's very normal, so it's not much different, which the feedback is both good and negative, there's some negative side, there's some perversion, some gender, don't sit close, she likes me like something like this, but we don't pay much attention because when we're strong enough with our feelings, we know that what we are doesn't cause anyone any trouble, so we feel that we don't need to care about those words, we care more about the positive energy in life, we don't want to put negative energy on our hearts." It's like we want to push for marriage equality with a deer: "We do everything we should have in the first place. Love of law We want to work together with Tiffany to help drive this into society. It's not just that LGBTQ people have been around for a long time, but it's not just being accepted and giving us the opportunity to do what we deserve. I'm Miss Tiffany. Like coming to the show today, I will use Thai Rath channel as a medium to let people know that our love is really multi-gender, so marriage equality should be a reality in Thai society. If some adults see the importance here, "What we will get will make our lives better?" The Marriage Act does not have a marriage certificate, nor does it have a law that guarantees this. One day, El and I broke up. The marriage here must belong to someone I have come to share. We're going to have to fight over money. Even if we were in love before that, it wasn't, but if we really had an equal marriage law, there would be a law here to support it. One day, if we break up or El gets sick, it will be very comfortable here."
Boy Pokorn opened a message that talked to the fraudster and had to mention the outstanding employee award.|In this day and age, scammers come up in all kinds of ways. Click on a text link or call to say something provocative, and this period seems to have come in the form of a tullaby that there are tens of thousands of withdrawals. Recently, Boy Pokorn posted a message on Instagram as a message that fraudsters have taken to the line. To inform you that there is a balance that was opened at that time in the system of 39,175 baht, would you like to withdraw? If you want to withdraw, give your name and bank account number so that you can withdraw it, Boy Pokorn typed it back and said, "Withdraw, is there a pluck? It's been a long time coming!! You can also pluck your armpits through the bank. the world's first," and captioned it, "All levels of service imprint the mind. #บักปอบบบบ #เอ็งเป็นใคร!!!! #อยากมอบรางวัลพนงดีเด่นให้ #ตอบมาอีกนะ I'm waiting for 55555555555555"This event, my friends in the entertainment industry, as well as those who follow me, have come to comment a lot and say the same thing. THE BALANCE IS EXACTLY THE SAME, JUST LIKE COPYING AND PASTING.SPONSORED
Yingsak returned with dignity, the celebrity sat clear. Top listings|Nationwide inspiration when Dr. Yingsak Jonglertjesadawong Returning to reclaim the throne of the variety show Very Hard Talk "Celebrity Sit Clear" on Channel 8 under the concept of ClearIng The Strongest, Clearest. Guaranteed taste With hot topics Celebrities that are hot topics in society and the entertainment industry With the rhythm of interviews in the taste of strength With a rhythm that is not unique and unique. Yingsak Jonglertjesadawong said, "At the first glance of contacting Mr. Yingsak, I was excited and proud, thinking about my old work that I have done for many years, including probably thousands of clips and views exceeding 100 million views. If you come back and spread it, who's going to watch it? It's all about sincerity in work. TEACHER YINGSAK HIMSELF SITS DOWN TO INTERVIEW ANYONE, MAY LOOK STRONG, MAY LOOK EVIL, SPONSORED, BUT FOR THE TEACHER HIMSELF, NEVER RUDE AND NEVER KILLS GUESTS. Every time, we give every guest a chance to speak, to have the opportunity to clear up, to say, that the charm, it cannot be copied. It's unique, you look like a professor. Ask how strong it is, but there's still a lot of cuteness. The word celebrity sits clear, the word clear it happens here and here is the original because this is a real show and a story that has fans of the show to admire, so I'm really glad that everyone still loves and misses, and that we're tired of doing our homework to improve the quality for our fans. Every compliment gives the teacher the motivation to find good guests for the fans, while the feedback that is generated will be used to adjust and improve the show even more. Thank you so much everyone for your appreciation, and I'm glad that being the host of the celebrity show sits on the master's clear, making fans happy to watch, so don't miss out on every episode. Finally, I would like to leave you with a list of celebrities sitting clear. On Channel 8 every Monday-Thursday from 16.00-16.45 hrs. Enjoy every EP and watch it on YouTube channel 8"SPONSORED.
Clear the leaked image. Monsit took the child to the sauna, and the 16-year-old would not go to jail.|It's clear to all the points for a famous country singer. He also took the opportunity to clear his mind with fans through the show Celebrity Sit Clear Channel 8 about various things in life. Including the issue of raising children, is it true? Where would there ever be news of taking a child in foster care to another sauna? Lately, people have only talked about being a lottery guru. I feel like your life is getting worse? now This second at all. Music fans are watching, he will say that life now sticks to eyelashes like this, whether it is a woman or a man. He would ask about it more than he thought, does the audience see it as a show, because you're an actor your whole life? He sees this as absolutely true. I've been wanting to wear eyelashes for a long time. Why don't you ask why you've become bisexual (laughs) I've been a number lover since I was 7 years old, including my parents, who love to buy numbers. I USED TO BUY A LOT WHEN I WAS A KID, TAKING THIS NUMBER 50 BY 50 SATANG, IN THE OLD DAYS, THE LOTTERY COST ONLY 50 SATANGS. It was really underground at the time, but now it doesn't. But when I was a child, there was 50 satang by 50 satang, let's say 152, if 50 satang would get about 500-600 satang, it was considered a lot in the old days. Nowadays, there is only one lottery left when the lottery is announced to the media as being very cheap, lying or not. Don't lie, it's true. When I'm right, I have to show someone else. Tens of thousands of purchases are cheap, not so much to show. Because we like to play cheaply, less or more, it's okay to ask some personal things. Let me ask you something directly. Do you have a partner embodied? No, it's currently dormant with pigs and dogs, and there's a kid in the palm room. He has parents in that alley. Instead, we have him to feed the dog, to help him take care of it during our absence. So how old is he now?16 I'm 17 years old and I'm still young. He's grown up raising him since he was little, if something goes wrong, he can go to jail because he's not even 18 years old. He looked at the child as if he was suffering from a mental illness, the teacher said. Then he took the minor with the child. I don't raise children. All the fans listened carefully when I went to the event. Sometimes I let the kids follow me because it's easy to talk about. Tell me to do something, for example, when you're done singing, your throat is dry, give me some water. When I arrived at the concert, I told the owner that the mantra had arrived. Another child went to open a music sound for us to sing, but when I took the adults, I tried it too. The first thing he wanted was a beer, a massage, a drunken drink. We didn't like that, and then we never dated adults again. At least we gave him money. But when I go to the sauna, I take the kids and undress them. Who would believe what was said because there was a leaked image?. He went with it. We want him to go to the gym with us, to the sauna, to be happy rather than to go to the game. Addicted to games, going to the game store, losing money for no reason, we just like to go with Daddy. He called us papa, he went to the sauna, he was happy, he was better than he was addicted to games, and then he took us to eat, the eyes of which people thought we were freaking a lot, and the question about how we did bad things to children? A lot of people ask, and the kids say nothing, because we don't really do anything. If we do anything, he Will he want to come to us again? My face has never injected anything, I'm afraid of needles. There are people invited to serve abroad to fly to Korea. It's completely free, or even around here. Someone invited me to make a face, I had to take a picture of an advertisement for him, a nose augmentation. He asked. I've rejected about 5-6 of you, I don't like SPONSORED, why don't I do it? Because I'm so afraid of needles.
Mo Amina Make a fire in the middle of the forest. Wearing a see-through dress showing off her smooth buttocks. |When it comes to sexiness. Actress Mo Amina Pinit has never disappointed her fans. When he turned 35, he released a nude album to fans. Girl Mo suddenly set fire to the forest. He posted a photo of himself wearing a white see-through dress standing at the stream. Each photo reveals Mo's smooth buttocks. AFTER HE POSTED THE PHOTO, MANY FANS COMMENTED AND LIKED HIM FOR HIS SEXINESS.
Open Warp Ishnn Hanuman child actor war to a handsome man with a dashing aura|From child actor Hanuman War Mahadev The 8-year-old Indian actor, who played Hanuman as a child, became so popular that he became a favorite of his mothers. Ishanne Banushali is now 17 years old and has moved to Thailand to study. It is called the more young he grows up, the more handsome the aura first time that Ishanne came to Thailand. Hundreds of fans greeted him at the airport until the airport broke, creating a major phenomenon for the Indian series to become a hit in our home. Ishanne is a kid with many dreams, including a scientist, a policeman, and a superstar on her way to the entertainment industry. Ishnn I started casting my first ad at the age of 6, but it didn't pass, and it took me several auditions to get elected. He donated a portion of the show's proceeds to the underprivileged, and had the idea that if he really was a superstar, he would be able to do it. He wants to help others more. Two famous Chinese rappers, GAI Zhou Yan and VaVa Moo Yanqi, were presented with flowers under the name "Let's Go Thailand" to congratulate them on their first world tour in Thailand. There is also a TikTok cover dance clip of the song 'Love Na Huei' with Thai rapper MILLI. FANS CAN WATCH HIS WORK.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Guitar reveals the results of the surgery The illness awaits the family to clarify. |After Mo Amina revealed that the famous hero Aom Arakpan I got cancer. A lump formed in the heart muscle, spread to the lungs, and was undergoing surgery yesterday (Jan. 31, 2023), making the matter a lot of talk. Mo Amina speaks on behalf of him, most recently on the noon live entertainment show. Channel 7 has updated Aom Arakpan's illness by asking through Guitar Siripich, who is Aom's respected sister in the entertainment industry. The results of the surgery were satisfactory to all the doctors, and now your recovery is called very good, you can breathe on your own. Talk to I talked to him yesterday. When she recovered, her mother found her. Everything turned out to be very satisfactory and very good. I'm very kind right now. Thank you to all the adults, brothers and sisters in the industry, as well as all the fans. She read every message of encouragement, and then sent a visit. Thank you very much for waiting for your condition to improve. I'm waiting for my symptoms to improve because I just left the operating room. As for the details, I ask for permission. I've been asked a lot about my illness. I would like to ask my parents and the doctors to clarify what the symptoms are. But now I can confirm that you are safe and everything is very fine.".sponsored
Khun Post a photo showing a puppet showing love to a Korean girl group. Netizens are not suitable.|Full drama for The King Chakpat Varthanasin The middle son of singer J Jetrin and actress Pin Kejmanee posted a photo showing off his figure. Take off your Six Pack show shirt and write a caption to the famous Korean idol girl group. NewJeans says "i love you @newjeans_official"SPONSOREDThis work has made netizens who have seen pictures and messages criticized for being inappropriate to post pictures of newjeans girls taking off their shirts and tagging them to ig newjeans girls. Don't forget about it. I'm still a minor, but tagging in this photo is weird with a band that's still minor. Some of the band's siblings are not yet 15, so please respect them. You're underage. The picture with this caption with the tag is not cute at all, not okay at all. This whole minor band, better off a cute picture, isn't it? Say love like this, etc., which after having such drama. The king recently removed the image from his personal account.
The 62-year-old celebrated his 62nd birthday.|A beautiful immortal girl who is truly two thousand years old for a senior actress like Tai Penpak Sirikul. Even though he's six years old, he still takes care of himself to be flawless. Yesterday, January 31, was the birthday of Tai Phenpat, who turned 62 years old, and this year he packed his bags to travel to South Korea and had the opportunity to blow a cake there. He posted the photo on his personal Instagram and wrote, "Thank you for all the wishes sent to me on my birthday this year, both on Facebook and on INSTAGRAM. Thank you for the friendship from Taem and Nam Hyung-poppa for taking good care of you on this trip.오늘은 제 생일이에요~~ 응원해 주셔서 감사합니다 더 열심히 할게요."Among fans and friends in the industry came to wish a happy birthday to Tai Penpak. I CAN ONLY SAY THAT EVEN THOUGH I AM 62 YEARS OLD, IT'S ONLY A NUMBER.
Hailan receives property Lala celebrates being awarded red car license plate Thanya R.Siam gives luck|After country singer Thanya Arsiam pulled over a new BMW with a red badge from the showroom on the morning of Jan. 25, 2023, she was arrested. It's a big gift that comes from her own strength, with senior singer Lala Arsiam congratulating her. This event involved lottery fans buying their license plate numbers to win this installment. (February 1, 2022) By the latest made lala girl even happy because the license plate number gives full luck, was rich lottery with the registration number with the caption "Celebrating Cikrush, it's enough to get fuel, thank you jackpot, new car, Thanya.
Om Suchar prepares to work in China Love, amps, sweetness, diminished but understood.|Preparing to go to China to work again For the bright-faced heroine Om Suchar Mana ying, who had previously been to shoot a series in China, which he revealed after attending the prize draw event "Cheer the ball for it, get lucky" at warehouse 7 office. Dr. Thairath This time, it is called well prepared in terms of language. Singing Dance And also the heart is fluffy, because sweetheart like a young businessman Amp Pithan Ongkosit will fly to every 2 weeks as well, but the good news will have to wait because still enjoy working both of them this year, what will be the work to follow?"This year, I should go abroad, because China is open, maybe I will go to experience abroad a little bit, I have been there since I was a child, since 12 years ago, but before we were young, now we are a little older, we look at the work that we can do, maybe there is more variety, but we can't tell. How can I stop? We have to make money (smile)"What are the challenges this year laid out?", like this year, I went down to learn Chinese. 2-3 days a week is a restoration, called a little rusty knock. Singing lessons I learned to dance (so I'm also preparing for work?) Yes, it may have to draw on a lot of potential (laughs). I'm also going to win with savings, I'm still going to China, what do you think?", I'm already supporting you. We look at it as a project. If there's a good project and there's an opportunity to do it, I'm already supporting it, and I'm going to say what if it's been 3 months. He said if he flew in for 2 weeks at a time, we were ok (smiling) "Are you happy?", it wasn't beyond my expectations because the first time we were dating was already this lifestyle. "From the first year until this year, the sweetness does not decrease?", reduce it. (Laughter.) From the long line answer, it is shortened, but nothing understandable. Always sending photos. Now there is none. He said he's busy, "He's still very cute, sweet, isn't he?" We're dating, it's going to be like the first day, it's impossible. It's familiar. "He seems very fond of having a family, but we still enjoy the work?"Oh, I think he seems very enjoyable. He's got a lot of work, he's got a lot of projects, he's got a passion for business, we've got passion for acting, he's working, it's similar. We have to be like what we do all the time (laughs), but it's not. REALLY, DO YOU HAVE TO WORK?" If you see that, you'll ask if you don't have a job(laughs). Why are we okay with working?" Now that we're building a family, it's more about the rhythm of life. Nowadays, it's about building a family, "Is there any talk about how many years?" Om felt like he was too shifted. It's like we're dating now, it's about building a family. Build relationships with your boyfriend and family as well".
Hiso Champ again took his ex-wife, who was holding children, to the gray business.|After the previous Hisochai Jirat Petchnanthawong posted a message to his ex-wife and warned him not to interfere with bad things. Gray business, if something happens. I'm ready to support my children immediately, as I mentioned earlier. Champ Jirat has also posted a message via his IG Story again. To my ex-wife, who this time revealed his full name, and also to the police, please arrange for it to be put to an end"Leave it to Mr. XXX and Mr. XX and my ex-wife that you will choose your path to go with the owner of the online casino or to the drug lord of Thailand. You guys will stay, but don't take my children into this society, I don't want my children to grow up to be like you. Nowadays, you guys make youth. Get your parents, young people, and everyone in trouble by getting drunk with your grey and black business. YOU GUYS ARE HURTING SOCIETY AND OUR THAILAND IS VERY PATRONED. Police Chief, Mr. Jiraporn Puridej, Cyber Police, to manage the FIFA555 web movement and others to save the image of the Thai police.#FIFA555 #Nowadays, gray business is turned around and filled.#I don't want to see my son live in hiding.#I don't want to see my son inherit the gray business online#I don't want to see my son carry out his bags in that country.#I still believe that Thailand still has bile police who don't accept the top ten."
Celebrity artists join the chance to win the 2022 World Cup|The warehouse is almost broken! Thairath Join forces with Thailand Post and its partners The 2022 Fifa World Cup 2022 postcard draw was held at the warehouse building at 7 Thai Rath Office, Vibhavadi Road, with Thai Rath executives, Thai Post executives, sponsors, artists and celebrities, and Thairath TV news anchors patting their feet in the lively event. The ceremony began with Watchara Watcharapol. Thairath executives gave opening remarks. Alberto Ambassador of Argentina to Thailand The 1st prize draw will be held on the postcard mountain of the winner of the championship as "Argentina". The heroine, Pancake–Khemnij Jamikorn, witnessed the event. Hot Jam-Rashta Hampanan, a representative from Channel 31, was amazed by a once-in-a-lifetime postcard pile to see something like this. Muay Inter Om-Suchar Mana ying. Although I had been on a pile of postcards before, I couldn't help but be excited. Congratulations to all the lucky winners. Actress Sammy Cowwell doesn't leave behind a beautiful concept. Join us for a chance to win all the Grammy and Grammy Gold seats. - Monica, Nat-Panat Khunprasert, Getsunova, Paoli Pornpimol, Cham Chamram join the lucky Fak Luke Ishikawa, a charming bastard boy. Don't come alone. Wielding a heroine Mook–Woranith Thavornwong and the up-and-coming actor Jamie Nine–Narawit Thiticharoenrak and Forth–Nattawan Jirochanthikul from the series My School President represent the village. GMM TV, boy band LAZ1 Dahwu–Pitaya Sae-chua, Off-road–Kantaphon Jindataweephon, Dummon–Narakorn Nichakulthanachote, Geller–Kristimuk Chanchuen, and Per–Jirapat Pimanprom. THE FAN FAVORITE PROVED IT TO THE EYES OF THE RS. Big brother is kind, Dang Pankorn Kuang, Ton Khao, R Siam, a junior artist, come to see the chance to win in a suspenseful way. Channel 8 actor lifts a beautiful handsome pack Ohm-Thitiwat Ritprasert, Tawan–Nawinwit Kittichonwit, Atom–Natthapop Kenchanduk with Sara–Chatchaya Charoenchan to draw the prize. Young singer Eh-Jirakorn Sompitak joins xoxo entertainment camp to send artists of the '90s Rattan–Panyarisa Thieraprasit, Jack–Jarupong Orchid Beauty, Chinese Dessert–Kulmas Sarasas tag team junior artists ATLAS–Junior–Naphat Osaithai, Jet–Patpaiboon Opassuwan, Bhumi–Dechathorn Wanvanichkul came to witness the event. Young Pat-Powerpat enjoys the whole event, including Young Boy - Bhisnu Jutanimsakul. No emotions and another postcard, the girl sounded because of The Pink Gem–Jannine Weigel. Happy to meet my siblings in the field of mothers and babies. Tea–Chiranat leads the boys Silvy, Babepoom, 5. AYLA's (Ay-Las), Warner Music Thailand, is excited about postcards, Oat-Ratthir Warrojyothin, a stand-up agent from Channel 7HD, wins until he comes with a scream... Exquisite hall, dedication, jumping down to catch the post office playfully, deer–arisara. Miss Tiffany 2022 will be a lucky draw for the winners in a row...
Hail. Araporn showed the lottery was won in unified, but this period lost 30 thousand (clip)|Duangdee regularly wins the lottery for young country singer Hai. Araporn Nakhonsawan also kindly gives out lucky numbers to fans who follow IG to try their luck. Because I can't stand the call and the announcement of the lottery prize for the latest installment February 1, 2023, this event, Hai Araporn is duang heng won the lottery again. He posted a clip of himself holding a lottery that won the grand prize and said that he won 15 tickets with 3 numbers of 789 for 60,000 baht and 15 cards for the last 2 numbers of 92 for 30,000 baht, for a total of 30 tickets, for a total of 90,000 baht. THE SINGER SAID THAT SHE LOST 30,000 BAHT BECAUSE SHE BOUGHT 120,000 BAHT IN THE LOTTERY, AND SHE EVEN SAID THAT SHE QUIT PLAYING FOR 15 #อาภา #ฮายอาภาพรนครสวรรค์DAYS.  In addition to people in the entertainment industry and fans commenting and encouraging, there are also people who come to comment thanks to the number from his incense.
Mew Sirilapas Admit Hospital The latter has a severe rash. Inability to walk|After actress Mew Sirilapas Kongtrakarn said that the bangkapi district MP candidate went a long way. He posted a picture of himself after suffering a severe allergic reaction to the drug and wrote, "Has anyone ever had a severe allergic reaction to the drug? This morning it sprang up in the palm of my foot again. I want to know if this is a near-cure symptom or if it's relapsed. Mew Sirilapas had to go to the hospital for treatment again because of a serious illness after leaving the first hospital. "Hi Pharaoh, today I would like to update you on your illness, Mr. Mew, because Mr. Mew's illness became aggravated after the first hospitalization. The skin of the soles of the feet blistered so that they could not walk. Now that he has to be hospitalized again, Mr. Mew apologizes for not being able to go to the area to meet all the people. And she promised to heal quickly, and to return to work fully to replace this wasted time. In the meantime, if there is any urgent matter about Mr. Mew, you can contact me (Pharaoh) via Faro Haste's Facebook page." Thairath Entertainment Online wishes you a speedy recovery.
Love is ripe poi trichada Preparing for a sweet wedding Famous businessman in Phuket|Earlier, he opened up about his love affair with the famous actor Poi Trichada. Petcharat said he was in a relationship with a young outsider, Oak Bhagava Hongyoke, and a young businessman, the heir of Ban Ajo, which is a museum. Phuket's famous restaurant and coffee shop recently revealed that poi and sweetheart young oak are going to have good news for an auspicious event, stating, "Poi and Oak come to try jewelry to use in weddings. Try until oak sits absorbed. Ask what it is. He told me to "555 diamonds"After that, on his Facebook page, the little one on the cold mountaintop added, "Mr. Joker. Puttapong Peeracharoen The owner of the priceless antique jewelry said that "Poi Trichada" and her boyfriend "Oak Attain" had come to try on antique gold jewelry to be used as baba jewelry at the couple's wedding. If there is a wedding coming soon according to the news announced on Thairath Entertainment Online, congratulations to the couple in advance.
Tono 1 year ago Watermelon Passed Away Everything Is A Good Memory (Clip)|It's been worn out for a while. For young Tono Pakin, who is now heading to work. In January, he took a break from work to enter the dharma, recently had the opportunity to meet Tono to attend Khunphan 3 press conference at SF World Cinema, 6th floor, Central World. He updated his life after wearing it out and talked about Nicha Nattanisha about his current relationship, which he said made Tono very shy. He also opened up about the passing of 1 year of Melon Nida, how was it when he had the opportunity to be ordained?", we only have 7 days to ordain, trying to do our best to do the monastic work. Free time will be less because there are people on both sides of Thailand. On the Lao side, giving alms, doing morning work, doing evening work, it is nice to see pictures of people coming to the church. At night, the Master will take you for introspection. 7 days we know that time is small, but every day we do our best for the monks, so that everyone else does, and everyone comes to help each other, and we don't know how to give back. Ordination is probably the most appropriate. I wish everyone good health, good love, good money, happiness, and I am glad that the donation amount exceeded many expectations. I'm really glad I did. Try to help as best we can. Yes, but when it exceeds the target, it is a lot. We wanted to get 1 baby ICU bed for Nakhon Phanom side, we wanted an x-ray machine for pregnant women on the Lao side, but now it turns out that Nakhon Phanom side has a heart center. On the Lao side, he got all the equipment he needed, and he was happy for everyone, because everyone helped each other sponsored. Talk to the band with the manager about January. Let's have a month of doing nothing. We knew we needed to promote movies, tour concerts, etc. We went to ordination, we didn't exercise at all, we stayed there, we kept training with friends. The football team got fitness, swimmers, got ready, and luckily this year it was cold for several days. I took my motorcycle and rode around the city at night. It's like having a rest, "Now go back to playing football duties as promised?", and then return to football duties as promised to the team if we are free. I had time to train with the team, to cheer on my friends, but we weren't as good as we could be. If we want to add to it, encourage our friends, we are happy, it will last until the end of this season. Last year I was like, I've done everything, I've wasted a lot of my body, so I asked the team that January would like to rest. I don't do anything, February-April is tight," "How is the relationship with Nisha?" Because we don't even know when we were dating. We never said we were fans. It didn't start like that, I asked, and he said it was already (laughs), joking if I had free time, I would take him to dinner. If Nisha is available, perhaps he will cheer me on in Ayutthaya. I took him on a ride around town. My mother went with me and took me to the Chao Sam Phraya Museum to see all the gold vaults excavated in Ayutthaya. I've been there for 5 rounds, and I love it, and the Birth Island Arts and Crafts Center is a place I've never seen before. I want everyone to have the opportunity to see it. Does he understand how we work? "He said he understood, encouraged, supported, thanked him too. If we had little time, he might have started complaining about seeing important football, we can tell you in Ayutthaya. Not only did I invite my mom to come and visit, but we could shoot two birds and try to manage the time." Do we have anything to do when we love each other, we do our best, so I don't have anything stuck, regretted or regretted. Before mo happened, we still had a chance to meet and talk. He said what he wanted to say, and he was glad he had said it. I think between us, it's better to keep the memories, the best, the things that no one expected, but ourselves. I've lived with losses since childhood, so it's quite understandable that maybe we can just control what we can do. Take care of yourself, respect others, but how long we can live this one we can't define, I think it doesn't matter if we live 80-90 years. It's important that when we're in, we do more. What do we do for our city? What can we do for our friends, for our family? What do we do for our own dreams? If you stay for years but don't do anything. I think it's important when I'm here. It doesn't matter how long."
young hero golf anuwat Wielding a girlfriend outside the industry Enter a simple wedding ceremony.|Congratulations to the young hero Golf Anuwat Chuchedrattana, who last morning yesterday morning (February 1, 2023) wielded his girlfriend outside the industry, Koon Piyavadee, into a simple wedding ceremony. After 6 years of dating, yesterday's wedding ceremony was a simple family affair and was attended by close friends both in the industry and outside the industry. They also posted pictures on Facebook to congratulate the newlyweds and in the evening, a simple warm wedding reception was held. Via Thairath Online Entertainment CONGRATULATIONS TO THE YOUNG HERO GOLF ANUWAT AND HIS GIRLFRIEND AGAIN.
P.K. Piyawat posted a picture showing off her puppet, completely out of focus, the actress even asked to be caught. |Earlier, the famous host, Young PK Piyawat, was criticized by netizens for his body shape because he usually likes to take off his shirt to show his body regularly. With regular exercise, just like the last time he posted a picture showing off his figure on his personal Instagram, but this work caused netizens to lose focus on the bottom part of the photo, with the caption under the photo, with the message "Another 4 kilo...... Let's Go! @oui_mvp @thanongsak1993 @muay_thai_private_training"At this event, friends in the industry have commented on pk a lot, such as DJ Quince saying "wow" with a hot fire emoji, and actress Benz Punyaporn came in and said "Let's catch it".
Pinky Savika opens up about her first life update After being released from prison temporarily (clip)|After actress Pinky Savika Chaidej was granted temporary release by the Criminal Court pending trial, she was released on bail. On November 30, 2022, Pinkie had been in custody for 2 months before today (February 2, 2023) she attended the film festival at Sivalaistan. Suan Lum Night Bazaar is pinky's first media release. Lawyer and Nee Nataporn Siripakcharasmi, the filmmaker of Kumar, gave an interview to the press to update him on how his life is today. Pinkie: Same (smile), everyone (the press) is still the same. Cute fire at work? When I stepped into my house, I wanted to work, I was a person who wanted to work all the time, so what was that?SPONSORED the state of mind is now full? My view is that we go to practice Dharma, but I don't think I practice Dharma because I myself am myself. It's called learning about life, and then I've experienced something in an extreme experience. What did we learn from there?: Pinkie: It's a long story. I have a chance to tell you about how I plan to live or work afterwards? We haven't been in the media for a very long time, since we filmed the drama, haven't had a meeting with the media and talked about it since the story, it's been a long time. Speaking of which, are there any worries? Pinkie: No, I don't. Because we are working people, and as long as we believe and believe in who we are, we believe that the truth is immutable, we have to say that we are people who are like this, always working, to say that we are not the ones who persecute anyone, so maybe fate blows away the unexpected things that happen in our lives, yes, but it is in the view of the defense that we will defend and look at it, and then find out how we will look at it. In fact, he practiced meditation on himself each day he was. We've seen him since he came home. In fact, he barely talked to anyone. The person he talks to every day is a lawyer. We can talk to him through the pendant. Discuss chapters We met him, and we went to him. Asked what he did, he said he meditated. Pinkie: Actually, as everyone already knows, we're in serious trouble. We have to believe in ourselves first, and then love ourselves as much as possible. The law, we fight according to the process as it is, the law fights accordingly. Leave your life to Pike. Pinkie: Well, we're accused, we're accused, and we're fighting for justice. When we are accused, we have to fight, and we wait for the truth and what is justice. We believe it will await us at the end of the tunnel. We think it's waiting there. So everyone doesn't have to panic, don't panic. One day it will prove itself. Pinkie: I'm sure, I believe in my own personality and I believe in myself, I say leave my life to a lawyer?Lawyer: It's a criminal case, it's a matter of freedom. The court itself has already scheduled a hearing for the witnesses, the rest is to wait for any proof process. The case will start hearing at the end of August this year (2023), the court of first instance and then the end of February next year (2024), after a few months. As for whether there will be an appeal to the Supreme Court or not, I'll have to see it again. In the meantime, Pinkie can work normally, how is mom?lawyer: On the part of the mother (mother cane), we are trying to gather evidence to present to the court for temporary release (do you have any stress?). You don't have any stress. It's just that it's like a normal person if it's in that condition. It's not a normal state, there would be some, but in terms of stress, it's not so much encouragement, how is mom's encouragement, visiting mom often? Pinkie: Very good, very good. Send energy to my mother because we have to keep working because mom is sensitive and the moments of the old people with us, we are more fighters, we have to keep fighting (cheering us a lot?) Thank you (smile). The moment is that you can't follow social media at all. Pinkie: I think there are people who are experiencing similar feelings to us that they haven't come out to tell us about, probably a lot, there are probably hundreds of other things that have this kind of life, and they can't say or can't tell, but I want you to see that our life is a fighter. Pinkie: Slowly, slowly, gradually, and so on. Our point of view. Our point of view is that it helps us to defend ourselves, there are people who are encouraging, but on the other hand, there are criticisms. Pinkie: No, it's natural, it's normal, you can't fart. It's like we can't stop people from burping. It's what he drained. Respect each person's point of view. Is this natural to be back in the industry? Pinkie: Really, this guy (a little brother). He's not a manager, but he'll talk to you more than us. So he'll know you: Yes, there are a lot of them, but you have to consult with Mr. Pike first to see how much work we can accept. You're still in custody. Now it's probably about 15 jobs, Pinkie: I mean the work is going on in each province. Pay homage to adults As for the work that is the work, now there is this film that is the main story. Say to Madame, now in our heads. We wanted to help behind him and we felt that Kumar might be a movie that could have been behind the scenes as well and was in the foreground as well. The client or even the presenter he loves, he still loves us, thank you very much, he is still very loyal and still a presenter. Lawyer: "Actually, there are no restrictions on getting a job right now, but as Pinkie said, we talk periodically, maybe for reassurance. But I asked if it was an obstacle, even now it is not an obstacle, because the court has not yet rendered a verdict or judgment. If, according to international law, one is still innocent. As for proving innocence, it's a matter of court process, it's about the evidence." If we're going to talk about it first, it wouldn't be appropriate, or it would be a shock to the court proceedings, but I'd like to use my judgment to hear or consider how relevant it is. Pinkie: It's been a long time coming. About gambling, mom doesn't play. The house was sold a long time ago, and that house was the one we bought for my parents. I can't remember the duration of the timeline, I'm in the present.
Open the biography of Ek Chalisa, the owner of the song Blood Group B. At its peak in 2023|At this time, there is no one who is not known about the song Blood Group B, because after Ek Chalisa or Is Maruou. Releasing this song, it became a hit all over the house all over the city. A song that resonates with singles who want to have good love. Once after releasing this song on January 1, 2023, just 8 days after its release, the song reached the spotify top 50 chart at number 7 in the week and reached number 1 on the iTunes chart. Nana is supporting why we're still single, or is it really because we're group B blood? Many people wonder why the word blood group B is sung by Ek Chalisa. Who is he, where he came from, why is it the most popular right now? Today, we will introduce you to the story of this girl, SPONSORED for Erk Chalisa, known to many as Ek Hawwi and Erk East Maruouai. Born on December 31, 2016 in Phetchaburi. On her YouTube channel called Chrrissa Chotijirasathit, there will be an EAT East Maruoui session that many people like to watch because they like her style of eating that makes people want to eat those foods accordingly, as well as being fun and hilarious.
New Davika is puzzled to meet strong netizens Still criticizing not stopping beautiful because of the lancet (clip)|Despite proving that there is no knife surgery on the face through the hands of any doctor, there are still netizens who do not believe it. When I met New Davika at 'Marvel Studios' Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania at Mahanakhon Skywalk King Power Mahanakhon, I didn't miss asking about it. The new girl said, "Recently, we went to fight back with the comments, the issue of surgery?" When I finished answering, I was done. I'm going to be strong to (smile), but I actually read the response to that comment. I replied with a smirk. I didn't say anything because I had never seen anyone comment with such confidence, so confident, so confident at the time? I mean, he's scolding me, but I'm not really angry, I just feel like he's written a lot of detail that this one has to do this, I'm very confident. I've never seen someone respond to comments so confidently. That's what I'm saying. I didn't do it. It's easy to get angry. How fun do we feel that there are still people like this, even though we have explained it clearly, the picture is already there?new happy with ourselves, new has cleared itself, and new believes that many people are mistaken. He understands David, and then all the fans can help him answer, David is tired, David doesn't answer anymore. Can you tell me if you have cleared yourself up and continue watching the next content on Davikah Channel? fully There's a Davika version, right? If anyone wants to follow David, do it and be happy, have confidence, do it, David supports it, go do it well. It's about health. At my new home, my mom made an eye because she started a vision blog, and then beauty issues, if a new fan wants to do it and has enough budget to do it, do it for pleasure. Valentine's day has a plan, right?February 14th, there is a new event, but we have already prepared a gift for Brother De because we don't have time to buy it, so we have to prepare it. Enough we give several pieces. (Laughs) Because this year is the 5th year, the flowers are getting smaller every year (what is David doing?). No, kidding, it's a joke. It's not a diamond ring, it's made of wood, it's a hundred dollars, it's new, but it's worth it, it's new, it feels like it doesn't have to be expensive, but it's expensive, it doesn't have to be expensive, but it has meaning, it's cute, we give and take, how good is it?yes, give and take, it's happy, but the new one will say that valentine's day is new, I ordered 3 bouquets of flowers, ordered for my mom, and ordered my new brother, I want to tell all my new fans that it is actually a day of love, which we don't need to give to a boyfriend or a woman. We can give it to our mother, because it is new to our mother every year. We can see him smiling, very happy with the red roses, and also happy valentines for all the fans.
Team BI ready Thailand pinned the first Q on the Asia Tour L.O.L. The Hidden Stage|A good concert, in addition to the talent of the artist and productions, light and sound are ready. Indispensable is the quality of the setlist or the list of songs displayed. And this event is the number one concert/fan meeting K-pop K-One Entertainment (411Ent) of Big Boss Kueng Chalermchai. Mahakitsiri has chosen to meet the full needs after having brought his idol, who is both korean singer and songwriter "B.I" or "KIM HAN BIN" to meet his fans. In August 2022, the thai people in the form of fan meetups recently moved the scale to a full concert "BI 2023 Asia Tour [L. B.I 2023 ASIA TOUR [L.O.L THE HIDDEN STAGE] IN BANGKOK) #BI_LOLTheHiddenStageinBKK by korean group ONE THREE ONE (131) pinned on Saturday, March 4, 2023 at 5:00 pm at Thunder Dome, Muang Thong Thani, Thailand is the first stage to open the Asia Tour schedule. After completing the international tour schedule in 2022, in November of the same year, the global EP album LOVE OR LOVED (the full term of the acronym L.O.L in the name of this tour) was released part 1 of 5 songs. Piloted by 'BTBT', a popular pre-release by the world's largest media giant magazine. TIME has been named one of The Best K-Pop Songs of 2022 and has the title track 'KEEP ME UP' along with 3 new songs 'Middle With You', 'Tangerine', 'Endless Summer'BI_LOLTheHiddenStageinBKK. Who ever missed a fan meetup? This is the chance to solve the problem!! B.I 2023 ASIA TOUR [L.O.L THE HIDDEN STAGE] IN BANGKOK will be held on Saturday, February 11, 2023 from 10.00 a.m. onwards. Tickets are priced at 2,900 / 3,900 / 4,900 / 5,900 (standing) and 6,900 baht *** For more details, please visit social media @411ent Facebook fan page, www.facebook.com/fouroneoneent Twitter https://twitter.com/411ent Instagram https://instagram.com/411ent as well as CEO Kueng @kueng_chalermchai http://instagram.com/kueng_chalermchai Instagram and don't forget to subscribe to YouTube channel 411ent https://www.youtube.com/411entSPONSOREDhttps://www.thaiticketmajor.com
Tigger, the heir to the famous singer, officially released the first single in his life.|The music industry #TPOP made a splash last year with the launch of the talented boy group PERSES. GMM Grammy's new record label has announced the release of its second debut artist, Tigger Ashira Terio or TIGGER, the heir to '90s superstars Nicole Therio and Cat Jirasak. Pan Phum, who trained as a trainee artist at GMM Academy for nearly 3 years, eventually became a full-fledged artist. As Solo Artist, the label's first solo artist, and releasing the music video R U OK?, debuting the single from his first mini-album, CRUSH, was released to fans. When my mother introduced me to guitar lessons, I was surprised. After that, I liked it and started to want to learn to play other instruments such as drums, keyboards, bass by myself by spending time in the Bedroom Studio to make music for my YouTube Channel: Tigger Theriault."SPONSORED, before auditioning and becoming a GMM Academy trainee, during my training, I had to learn to sing - dance - rap and Self Development or develop myself in all aspects to become a grammy-quality artist. I had to be patient and dedicate myself to training hard, and my song R U OK?, which was just released for everyone, talks about the love relationship of 2 people who broke up, but there is still a question: How have you been since you left? It's not a heartbreaking song, it's a Move On song that inspires everyone to love themselves more, the genre is POP R&B style, I worked with Jam Factory, songwriters from Europe and Asia through song camp system, and made music together with Pee Panat Khun Prasert, getsunova, who in addition to being my executive producer, also helped write lyrics to suit me. Add a guitar line Add various chorus lines to the song to make it as my style as possible, and the MV part tells the story of MR.OK sharing his love experiences that can't move on. On a talk show called "TIG TALK", where the word TIG stands for my name, TIGGER, and the host of the show is me who has to cheer up for Mr. OK who is not okay through this disappointment. How this show will end, you have to check it out, and at the end of the MV there is a hook dance move to please the fans. Socialites to dance along easily If you're dancing, don't forget to stick to #RUOKChallenge, let's leave R U OK? debut single on Tigger's first single"You can watch the music video R U OK? on YouTube: gnest_official Finally, I would like to leave you with TIGGER. Want to get to know each other better? You can follow social media on all channels at @tiggertheriault and personal Instagram @tiggerachira.
YG launches Prae Parita 2nd Thai girl, 6th member of girl group BABYMONSTER|It has become a hot trend in the social world. When South Korean record giant YG Entertainment launched a new girl group, BABYMONSTER, it caught the eye at this time because each member was both beautiful and talented. After the release of the 3rd member Canny Riracha Porndechapipat, who is the first Thai girl of the band on January 23, 2023, YG recently launched the 6th member Prae Parita Chaikong (PHARITA), the 2nd Thai girl of BABYMONSTER, on February 1, 2023. Singing "What other people say", artists Sam Fischer and Demi Lovato must say that the singer's clear, powerful tone was really captivating. It has garnered over 2.7 million views and has already been ranked #10 on Trending for Music. Which includes comments and vocals. He is also appreciated for being very fluent in English. Very good accent, like first language, history section of Prae Parita Born on Aug. 26, 2005 The 17-year-old has studied at Ruamrudee International School and has won numerous awards such as Miss Popular Vote, Miss Teen Thailand 2018, Talent Kids & Teen 2018, Asia Junior Fashion Runway 2018, Grand Prize, International Fashion Show 2019 in China, Asian Pacific Art Fest 2019, Global Fashion Show 2019, Street Junior from IDO WORLD DANCE CUPS in Korea. I started as an apprentice artist at YG Entertainment label in late 2020 and is someone that BLACKPINK Lisa once said that there are Thai trainees in YG who remind me of myself as a trainee, so I tried to take care of my sister, take her to dinner and shopping, where she is 17 years old and has been in Korea for 2 years. She said she wanted to dance as well as Lisa, and she told her to keep practicing, and at a BLACKPINK concert in Thailand, Prae Parita sent a balloon congratulating Lisa and signed Beamon PHARITA at the balloon.
Um Lakkhana shares her own weight loss recipe Show off your 4K chopper |She is a very beautiful and beautiful mother for Um Lakkhana who has never let go of taking care of herself Until many people who follow often come to ask how to exercise and take care of herself with Um often. After being asked a lot, which Um has concluded that anyone is comfortable like that, but the mother is this convenient, and also posted a video in a lean figure, which is the result of self-care for fans to see. Some clean, some not clean, some alternate, so you don't get stressed- if do some, don't do some- keto Never do it because I don't like to eat it- low carb Some meals alternate - if you want to eat fried, oily, sweet For a long time, there was a trapping aid. Grilled pork pan, shabu, well known and eaten very often.55 Once a week -2 times a week, but choose to eat - sweets, bakery, rarely eat, barely eat at all, but eat clean homemade snacks ** Do it yourself, peace of mind, do not add any substances- Focus on natural foods Non-processing, non-flavor-free weight training 4-5 days a week - Cardio Some alternate, but not heavy. The muscles are bold, and we're comfortable doing it. But mom is so convenient and does it until it's a daily routine, it's important to love ourselves a lot, our bodies are healthy. Don't let anyone dictate who's going to bully him. Who can do it? Don't praise yourself as the best or better than anyone else, just be the best versions of your".SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Taew Nataporn dressed to show off his fit body, showing off his white legs and very beautiful buttocks.|It is another young heroine who counts the days to add another beauty to the entertainment industry. For Taew Nataporn Temiruk, take good care of yourself when it comes to exercise and diet. This makes him have a beautiful body, very fit, the latest Taew Nataporn made the ig fire again. When he posted a photo showing off his beautiful body on Instagram, he posted a photo of him on Instagram @taewaew_natapohn, which was a tight dress with a very short bottom. I SEE BEAUTIFUL LEGS AND POSES, SO IT'S FULL OF STANDING, WALKING, AND JERKING MY HEAD, BUT THE COOLEST THING TO SEE IS A TWISTED SHOT. Because this event sees the bouncy roundness of the buttocks in full, this look is said to be very zap, making comments in ig from industry insiders and fans to tease the full tease.
Ploy Mount showbiz meets director throwing script in front of senior fleeing to get an event |Many people should remember gemstones, sapphires. PIGKAPLOY, A FORMER CHANNEL 7 ACTOR AND SISTER OF PIM PORNPRAPA. Recently, 2 siblings came to sit down to talk about the entertainment industry for fans to listen to via YouTube channel Pimyom, where the gem girl opened up about her unlovable behavior, including the behavior of a senior in the set who was not cute, leaving the whole set waiting because she fled to the event, saying that Ploy played the drama until the end of her contract. When I play, I don't like it because I feel like it's tired, I don't have the confidence to play it, I feel like it's easy to get, so I don't value it at all, so I don't have the intention. I remember getting thrown in the face by a director. WHY DON'T YOU READ THE SCRIPT, THAT'S THE BIGGEST MISTAKE IN LIFE, IT'S NOT READING THE SCRIPT. Everything seemed messy, so I went to read the front page, and the director knew we hadn't read it and he was angry, so why not read it? Everyone wasted their time doing this, I was so angry why we had to get hit like this, but that time it forced us to prepare. It was a lesson. When I play a play, I don't like it, but when I don't play, I think about playing other people, and I become liked. I'm going to have a movie, I'm very intentional, I'm not as pretentious as I used to be, I'm a professional, I'm growing up and learning to work more professionally. Something that shouldn't have happened at all?  We've met good seniors, we've had bad seniors. As we came to start in the morning and there was only one scene left in the afternoon, we had to play with this senior and he didn't come from 1pm until he actually got into the scene at 1pm, the whole pile was waiting, waiting all day, and finally knowing that he wasn't coming was to pick up the event, which we had to wait for from 1pm.
BLACKPINK Lisa buys 7.5 billion won luxury home After the founding granddaughter of Lotte.|It's called beautiful and very rich true for the hottest singer Lisa Lalisa. Blackpink recently bought a luxury villa in Seongbuk-dong, Seoul, South Korea, a traditional korean wealthy village, worth more than 7.5 billion won or about 208 million baht. Square feet It was completed in April 2016 and was formerly owned by Jang Sun-yoon. Granddaughter of Shin Kyo-ho The founder of Lotte Corporation, Lisa began contracting for the villa in November 2018. THE SPONSORED MUST HAVE SAID THAT LISA USED TO SAY "I'm not rich, you know" since her debut. Read the original content.
Aum Bhattacharya Kind heroine gives money to channel 7 senior photographer for treatment (clip)|If you're talking about celebrities who are kind to those around you, you have to have the name of the heroine Soup'tar Aum Bhattacharya. Because Aum often helps her friends and siblings both inside and outside the industry. Yui, Aum Pacharapa's best friend, revealed the clip while Aum was talking to Aunt Tang. Channel 7's senior photographer, Aum, also gave a handful of money to Aunt Tang on the occasion of his last day of work and will use the money to recover from his illness. Aum's best friend shared: "I've known Aunt Tang since I started working at Channel 7 26 years ago. Aunt Tang is the most emotional entertainment photographer. Aunt Tang is working on her last day. My friends always miss me (I like you so much, I miss you. In the clip, Aum Pacharapa also made a video call with Aunt Tang and said, "I wish you good health." Aunt Tang said, "I miss you, thank you so much, I've been fighting to the death together for a long time"SPONSOREDA post shared by Yui Papa (@yui_papa)SPONSORED
"Luk Kaew Srikan" is a good couple life "Situ". My husband is there to take care of me. The good news is that she is pregnant with her 2nd child. |Life is good for plexiglass–Srikanth The former girl group Soundcream, after marrying Burmese businessman "Situ", has a cute gold chain. The 9-month-old "COO" will update her life after marriage and share the good news that she is pregnant with her 2nd child, which she said, "After getting married, having children is often asked how the marriage is going, is your husband taking care of you, is it helping to raise children? And our parents are comfortable with it, there are days when it can be exhausting for both of them. There are more serious obligations, but we are very concerned about each other's feelings. We will always apologize and thank each other. In short, I'm happy that I'm pregnant with my 2nd child, who is 3 months pregnant. I'm talking about going to the doctor next year to use science, but when you come naturally, it's really good, it's quite fast, so I'm a little shocked, we're still teasing each other, but I'm out of safe range, this time it's the only round (laughs). I haven't had a drink yet, but I'm just getting skinny and I'm bloated again. This round was a surprise, as there was almost no morning sickness. I feel very normal, but the feeling of wanting to eat sweet has increased. Between Yangon, Mandalay, Nay Pyi Taw, Tachileik, but there are always returns to Thailand. Now that I'm going to open a multi brand store in Mandalay, I've been decorating the building for years since COVID and it's almost finished. It has to be gradual. As for the work in the entertainment industry, I still accept it, I fly back to work a lot earlier, especially the MC big stage. It's fun, I like to work, I like to hire."
"Grammy Artists" Solicit donations to help veterans Reciprocate goodness|Grammy Artists Moncan Kaenkoon, Meentra Indira, Lam Ploen Wongsakorn and Belle-Nipada invite donations to help veterans and their families in need on the occasion of Veterans Day, which falls on February 3 every year. This year, various ceremonies and activities under the name "Honoring brave soldiers on February 3, Veterans Day" were organized by the Veterans Relief Organization under the Royal Patronage of His Majesty the King. To commemorate the merits and sacrifices of veterans, donate to the Veterans Relief Organization account. TMB Bank Phramongkutklao Hospital Branch Savings Account No. 038-7-31193-9 or donate via QR Code of Veterans Relief Organization For more information, please call 0-2354-8587. Ext. 41235-41236Mon Can Kaen Koon "On Veterans Day this year, I invite all Thais to honor the soldiers who gave their lives to protect the people and the nation. We would also like to encourage the families of the sacrificial heroes and invite you to donate according to the resources to help veterans and their families," said SPONSORED Meentra Indira, adding, "We invite everyone to join us in remembering the heroic soldiers who have sacrificed so much for our nation to be peaceful. We invite everyone to donate to remember and reward the virtues that veterans have done for the Thai people as protectors of the nation."
"Pim" was simmered until tears fell into her eyes and grabbed the mic to sing, waiting for the perfect moment.|In addition to being the heroine of the role, "Pim-Pimprapa Tangprapaporn" revealed her singing talents at the latest Kamikaze Party 2022 concert, singing and dancing to show her former girl group. Pim thinks that if Pim is going to make music, everything has to come from pim, it has to come from all pims, have time to work, find a song that suits us, take time to develop pieces. Now there's not enough time to do it, because most of the time we're devoted to drama." "Ready, I still like to sing, I can see it on YouTube, tick-tock, pim's social media hasn't gone anywhere, pim is still doing what we love, it's already our life, do it because we like it, don't look at it as a career or something we have to force to do." Does it put pressure on us? "No pressure, we're happy. Someone is waiting to follow. We believe it. The fans have to support us with every job we do, we play theaters, we go to concerts. He fully supports us, "Do you want to make your own music? "We haven't figured out what kind of thing it will be, we just think we want to be involved in the selection of the producers and the team, we want to do everything to be ourselves as much as possible." If you give your feet a hard time. Back 7-8 years ago, my mother started to take care of Pim, Pim would be a polo boy who couldn't dress, didn't know how to do her hair, makeup, how to dress up and how to be called beautiful and fit herself. At that time, my mother was very tired of Pim. When I'm getting fatter, I have to send my weight to see it every day. Pim feels that many people think that this house is so cruel, but Pim thinks that if Pim does not have a mother to push. Pim wouldn't have enough passion to push himself to it. This allows Pim to develop himself very quickly. What we saw, we received a lot of feedback from those around us. Now dress better, be prettier. It came from my mom trying to dress us. Try to enrich our development. Pim had been in the black room before, sitting and crying, I remember. There were 3 of them that day. Sweet Brother Chick Pee Yot Called to the black room, Pim remembered being trained for about 2-3 hours. Since the story of the photo, the dress story, but before Pim did not do the manicure at all, it is a woman who does not have a manicure, maybe take a picture to get a bad nail, he zooms to see the nails like this, it is ugly. Maybe we have to have a dress, and Pim is a person who doesn't shop. The wardrobe is only black and white, not working at all. I have to be damned, I don't have high heels, I have to wear sneakers, my mom is here, I have to have cream-colored shoes. Silver This kind of gold must be bought, a report must be submitted every month. Buy a dress, buy shoes, and push every inch of it." "I've been deducted regularly, thousands of nails, ten thousand and ten thousand have been paid, but before I was scolded for being a poet or a star, Pim likes to paint pictures of trees and grass, write captions, is a baptist child, open in ig, I don't know who I am, I don't have a picture of Pim at all. I said that if a customer opens it to ig, they don't know who it is. We don't have a beautiful picture, we have to take a beautiful photo and send it to him to check, we have to post 3 photos a day. When the look has come lately, it's sexy. Do our girlfriends have any requests for this with us, or are they jealous? "No, he didn't interfere with our work. He already knows that this role is dressed up in character, and during the promotion of the play and the script is sour, sexy, we have to be in mode. Some of the films are bright and cute, so we're going to compose them depending on the piece, and they come in and know that we're actors, so we have to have an initial understanding. They give them the freedom to work. There were no comments on how to dress anything. There's a lot of support going on..."
Unveiled the golden crown Poi Trichada used in the wedding on March 1, 2023.|Love is ripe to get ready for a wedding ceremony soon for famous actor Poi Trichada. Petcharat with her out-of-industry boyfriend Oak Bhagava Hongyoke Famous businessman, heir to The House of Ajo, which is both a museum. restaurant Phuket's famous coffee shop, where a Facebook user recently showed a picture of a golden flower crown. Poi Trichada will use the wedding of Baba. On March 1, 2023, along with the details and deep meanings prepared by The Ancient Crafts Group of Ranong Province, the message reads, "The crown of wai flowers (Huak Wan) gold by Mr. Trichada Malyaphon (Khun Poi) to be used for the Baba wedding on March 1, 2023. The group took 3 months to make, the crown pattern is made from the need for sketches of the bride, an ancient crown with fine flowers, according to the picture of the ancient bride, thank you Khun Poi for giving the opportunity to small crafts groups in Ranong Province, thanks to the Ranong Provincial Police Housewives Group and Provincial Police Maids Region 8 for supporting the police maids to help prepare the various components of the crownSPONSORED# Ranong Ancient Crafts Group #ชมรมแม่บ้านตํารวจภูธรจังหวัดระนอง #มงกุฎดิ้นโบราณเจ้าสาวบาบ๋า #วิวาห์บาบ๋า".SPONSORED
"KPN Teacher" vs. 16 Artist Friends Heavy duty! Charity concert for cancer patients|Fin shouted. Kru Kong-Susana Thadnim or Kru Kong KPN led the artists to the power of sound at the charity concert "Kru Kong & Friends Charity Concert" at M Theatre. KPN comes with international music, a big dancer with flashing lights. The first group of friends, KPN artists such as Dr. Vibhu. Kamheniddee, Rainwater Phakdee, Gail Dila, Chick-Nontiya, Arm-Korkan, Note-Sarun, Nan-Vatiya, Nok-Primapa, who came to revive the hilarious nostalgia One-Universe to play the piano for SPONSORED Kru Kong KPN to show the full power of carabel sound. Put on a beautiful dress and show off your vocals. Teacher Pum-Orawan Enjoy the song Love is a dream with Mam-Patcharida surprised with 3 friends with good sound Lukwa-Pijika, One ETC, Season Five before going into medley mode. The concert concluded with a gathering of fellow artists who donated money from ticket sales (no deduction) along with donations from fans and personal money to Lopburi Hospital (Lopburi Cancer Center) and all the artists on stage to sing. Hearts tied together. It's called satiety all over the page.
Tony is delighted. Father Eid-Cherprang Lead a team to raise a surprise birthday cake in the middle of the pile.|The hottest young hero, Tony Rakkan, even smiles cheek-to-cheek in the middle of the set of the drama. A huge historical drama On Thai PBS, director Eid Supreet Patamsut tag team the talented heroine Cherprang Arikul (Cherprang BNK48) holds a birthday surprise cake (January 21) for young Tony Rakkaen, before ending with a warm greeting from Father Eid, his brothers, brothers, cast and production crew of Juvenai Co., Ltd. "Today was a real surprise. At first, this scene didn't have me, so I was puzzled as to why Eid's father called me to come to the front of the set. Finally, everyone was happy birthday, and I was shocked. Thank you, Father Eid Cherprang. All the brothers and sisters in the fire are very kind. I love this drama very much because we have been through quite a lot with filming for almost 2 years, now we are very fast filming because it is close to being watched soon, so I want to leave you to follow and cheer us on."
"Shaun" breaks down in tears and asks his girlfriend "Diamond" to marry him. Leave the eggs neat, prepare to have children, balance work and couple life.|It's close to the groom. After the young hero, Shaun Jindachote asks for a girlfriend. Petch–Bhipachara Kaewjinda The young designer who owns the brand "PIPAT CHARA" sweet wedding in Paris France at the end of last year. When I met Young Sean at the "Phra Nakhon 2410" ceremony, he updated me on the wedding progress, saying, "Actually, it's only the final, we got the right holidays, but in the end we have to let him choose, because he's been busy all year, he's busier than us, his fashion business is going well, now he's in France, and we're going to open in Japan, so we'll have to see if the queue fits him or not, because the queue we already know, we already plan with the manager when we're going to take the drama, when we're going to take the break, when we're going back to work." "The beginning of the first year wouldn't be the right time, because we talked about it early next year, and I just turned on another camera, and then it was the promotion period, so we had to focus on our work. When we make a request, it's not just about finding a date. It has to find a planner. We have to list a lot of guests, and we have many relatives as well, probably in the 2nd-3rd quarter onwards, probably in the middle to late stages. We will try to organize as much as possible, because you have the ability to organize events. When he's doing a fashion show, we're doing productions, so we can call each other, maybe we need an assistant to cheer us on." "It's a very exciting time, a happy time, because every time we're done filming, we'll make an appointment at 4-5pm. See the mood and tone of the image we are going to place, or the atmosphere we want. Each week we keep updating, it's one of the top picks we talk about because it's only one day and we want to be the best. In the evening, there will be several steps. Ask if it's a big event. It's called a lot of relatives. To say that it is a happy time, a time when we have a clear goal. We want to work as much as we can. IN ORDER TO ORGANIZE THE EVENT, "SPONSORED MOOD AND TONE, WHAT WILL IT BE? "He and I tested similarly, we already have a concept, but I don't dare to say much. So I'm just trying to help me buy or not to buy it, and since the day I proposed to marry, there were a lot of friends and sisters to give me advice, including New-Chaipol Pupart, Donut-Manatnan Panlertwongsakul, Erin Yuktatat, and now we go to the wedding every week, we feel like we go to the wedding. It was clear from the day I asked him that it was the day of the two of us. Do what we want most. The environment is just a deciding element." Tears in your eyes? "I'm really excited, it's a step we've already planned, but it's not the same as in the play we've played. It's a pure feeling, but in the end it's something we're very proud of. When we're doing something for one person, it's a good feeling." "I was in tears before he even because I felt that the ring was meaningful, we gradually picked it up, and it was a place where he grew up again, Paris again, his relatives came, so it meant a lot. It was my grandmother's house where he grew up. Everything was just right, and he said thank you for asking here. In this room, it can't be better than today. When we were both in, the results were good." "I don't dare say if we're going to be such good husbands or good dads every day is learning, but I know that I have good intentions to make him happy, I think one day when we're ready to have children, we'll teach us the good things we learn from our family. "It's planned, we're not leaving the show, but it's probably not as tight as it used to be because we're more responsible. The production company is growing, you too, and the wedding we have to prepare, maybe one or two years, but this profession has brought us to this day, I don't leave, but I have to do other things as well. From boyfriend to girlfriend, now fiancée. In a few months, we'll be husbands. One day we will be fathers. I thought about it for 8 months before I asked him to marry me. So I have to think more than just this year and next year, think about many more years." "He wants to have, we want to have, the reason for marriage. In addition to living together properly and not looking ugly, that is to prepare to have children correctly. You have to look at your body, "Is there an egg deposit? "I've only been away from me for a year, since the first day of dating, he's half a baby, it's clear where we're hoping to go, because the older women are, it's hard to have a baby, so we have to think about it, and we're serious. Diamonds do a lot of work? "It's not easy for me anymore, I'm shooting a drama if I'm the main character, quitting at 4pm, 7pm, the phone barely catches, that's one of the problems that I have to adjust to, you fly for 10-15 days, but I have to talk about which one is important, I'm going to help, which one needs us. If we pour out all the work. Our personal lives are bad, our quality of life is bad, or we give love, but our work is irresponsible, money doesn't come, adults don't hire. So I don't see it as a problem, but it's a difficulty for everyone to adjust, and you have to adjust, not me."
Dee Chanana Single mother reveals why she was threatened by her ex-husband to release secret clip|No matter how many years have passed, actress Dee Chanana has an immortal beauty because her face is still as beautiful as when she was a girl, and her work continues to be seen when she becomes a special guest on the Club Friday Show Saturday, February 4, 2023 on Channel 31, produced by CHANGE2561. When I was a kid, people flirted a lot. Some men have been denied love by her and even hit a wall, revealing the depths behind her marriage. She was threatened by her husband for releasing videos because she asked to quit and he wanted to be reconciled during the time of being a strong first-generation single mother. I never believe in love because I always think that women have the right to choose and to choose the best. Still thinking of having a new love, a lot of flirting? DEE CHANANA: WHEN WE WERE YOUNG, WE WEREN'T NORMAL. Chanana: Of course, it might be very beautiful!!! but people like that don't. When we rejected this kind of love, drove against the wall, we saw it. We thought in our hearts, lucky that we wouldn't, if we were really his wife, would he drive us? We love life because we want to have children. Dee Chanana: I'm going to meet you. And he said he came from a divided family. We come from a divided family, ouch!! Coincidentally, it fits perfectly into our knot, so it's okay. I didn't know much about him yet, so we married him for a short time. About three months. Life after marriage is awkward, the night after marriage, creditors call to collect a lot of money. We just found out that day, we were shocked!! Someone took our car. He went to sign a fake car to sell us, but in the news that we fell into a bucket of rice, married a high-so man, but no one knows what the background is, every woman wants to have a good love, succeed, but twice no longer, but never afraid of being in love? Where's the nudge? I don't really want to say it. When we told him to quit, we had our condo in the backcountry, and we went into hiding. He tried to hunt, he couldn't hunt, he threatened!! He'll take out our clips. My children's school, which we were nervous about, made a decision. If you want to show something, show it. I was embarrassed once, and then it would be over, we didn't go back until later, he apologized!! He said he said he said he wanted us to come back. It's not about giving back, it's just making people hate us today, but at that point, crying hard? Dee Chanana: Yes, but we have to be strong. To save our children, we will have to earn money, we will have to save our children, that is the next aim. We can't sit back anymore, which is when we have to find a job, because we have to earn money and we still have to raise children. What was life like at that time?: I asked if I was tired, but I have to thank you because I have made my life better. It takes a brain all the time to figure out what this period is going to be like. Kindergarten, we're still delivering. In the evening, take the school bus back to various things. I tried my best to be a father. Is he the one who takes care of the baby?: If you look at it, I wouldn't quit, some people might find that we love you like Ouch!! First, second, third, but Pee Dee will have the feeling that we have the right to choose, if yes, then yes, if not, then stop? In our lives, we have to choose the best. He must also want the best woman. How many good men are there? You don't have to do anything to make yourself strong, have money. Have a home, respect yourself. IF YOU RESPECT YOURSELF, YOU HAVE TO RESPECT MR. SPONSORED TO BECOME A SINGLE MOTHER AND TAKE CARE OF TWO CHILDREN. Do you have any idea how you want to have a new family? Chanana: I'm a woman, I still want to meet you at a restaurant, so he started flirting with me (laughs). He's about 7 years younger. Registered again I have a marriage disorder. But we understand his parents, we want our children to marry conscientiously, not to marry a widow, two children, and we are also high egos. If it's a lot, can't you still think of a new love? Chanana : Still willing to search and refuse to be discouraged, willing to wait to fill in what is missing.
Moo Dilok posted a heartfelt tribute to his longtime wife. Netizens watched the faces of both children.|Despite how much time has passed, many people still admire the young actor Moo Dilok Thongwattana for always looking good. Even though he is now 66 years old, he is a long-time veteran of the entertainment industry. There is a lot of work to be done. Family life is warm, with his wife, Sri Grace Chaninthorn, who has been living together for decades. Moo Dilok posted a picture with his wife and wrote a heartfelt message to his partner who has been together for 13,140 days, saying, "Today is thirteen thousand one hundred and forty days since God sent her to be my soul mate.  The event was attended by fans who praised the cuteness and congratulated the couple. Many also appreciated that both children's faces were also present. Especially Grace Chaninthorn, who made many people say that it is very beautiful. Really baby face.
Mother's heartbreak, her son Annie Brooke, gets teased by a friend. Ask about the drama of the past.|Another strong single mother, Annie Brooke, decides to take James' lawyer to Ratchada Criminal Court to accuse Page of making non-constructive comments that posted pictures of her son. Ngāṇīṇa He was 11 years old and alluded to his brother in a bad light. Accused of defamation through advertising and the latest Child Protection Act, Annie Brooke has opened up for the first time through the show. Talk to SHOW about the news and tell the heartbreaking story of a mother and son being teased by a friend. Asked about the drama of the past, he opened up, "Since I was 8 years old, I started to decide to tell my children old dramas, although not all, but gradually told them in a mixed way into fairy tales, but I decided to tell them to my children because even though we are not in the media much, there are many people who follow and know us, and the child still has to go to school and have to grow up in this society and there was an incident when he was 10 years old. She then took what her friend said and asked Ann, "What's the story?" Because a friend heard the parents at home talking to each other, he asked him about the sponsored, which led Ann to open up the old news, telling the truth to her child, 'Mother Ann used to be in the news,' at least let him know how it was before. When he is asked by others, he won't panic."
Pop Khamkasem Post a picture showing off a very sassy figure, Aum Pacharapa commented quickly.|Turn on the crazy mode until the fire is burning again for Pop Khamkasem. The famous model-actor who often reveals pictures showing off his bold six pack that fans flock to like and comment on all the time. The muscles are bigger than ever. The muscles of the arms, the muscles of the shoulders, as well as the muscles of the belly and thighs that look more hardy than before. And this event, in addition to having fans flocking to tease the tease as always. The heroine of soup'tar girl Aum Pacharapa Chaisin. Pop's friend quickly commented, "Anyway, don't go for long. Before the trip was scheduled, Pop said, "I'm waiting for April, I miss you so much", and Aum said, "Let's get fit for 2 months, start", before Pop said, "Sign the declaration of war".
Poi Trichada is engaged and wearing Ama's beloved ring.|After Poi Trichada Malyaphon Famous actor prepares to attend wedding ceremony with Oak Bhagava Hongyoke A businessman's boyfriend, heir to the House of Ajo, which is the whole museum. On March 1, 2023, a Facebook user posted a picture of Poi with a crown of gold flowers that Poi will use during the Baba wedding ceremony. Netizens who have seen such images have commented on the beauty of the bride and crown in large numbers. On Facebook fan page Baan Ar-Jor, Baan Ajo posted a picture of poi-oak, which can be seen on Poi's left ring finger wearing a big ring, and wrote, "Engaged, with my dearest ring, I would like to officially welcome Poi as my daughter. Congratulations to Thairath Online.
Did Matt Bheerney answer clearly the status quo? We've known each other before. Songkran|Earlier, there was a lot of news at the beginning of the year for actress Matt Phiranee Kongthai with the third-hand issue of Aum Phatcharapa and Hisopok Pornprapa, but he denied that there was nothing in Korpai. Matt Bheerney was discharged from Pup Hospital and sat down to open up about his life story and the news that the show unfolded, along with answering the status with Songkran Techanarong, who many people considered that the couple had broken up. Still asking if Matt can go? 3 days full steroid compression (do I have to go back?) SPONSORED has been almost 5 years since the end of 2018, remember it accurately (laughs). Now, Matt is on Rahu because he doesn't believe it, rarely makes merit with the temple, but loves to make merit with animals. Children, normal people, but rarely mudeities or temples. Now it's been 9 times when I've been hit hard, what's the picture, how did it get through? I don't know how I got through it, I can say it myself. I don't know why I'm so good at it. Maybe you feel a little weak (crying often?) all the time, but don't let anyone see it. Thank you very much. As I always said, Songkran and his family have never abandoned him. No matter what, always holding hands to encourage Matt. It's something Matt has always been grateful for. I want to thank you from the heart, which Matt is always thankful for, but I want to thank you all the time. (smiling) before I meet Songkran. Has Mae's life been smooth all along? Not really (smiling). That's not true. He was a good role model for Matt (his life changed because he was dating Songkran). From Matt's point of view, Matt feels that Matt has changed for the better. He's a lot older than Matt. In fact, he's found something that's a lot heavier than Matt. As I said, Matt is always grateful and grateful: he never let go. Every time there's something like that that makes us discouraged, sad, crying, or down. He would be the one who shook his hand and told him to get up. Is that always the case, break up? I'm still the same. He was still encouraging, and Matt learned a lot and felt like he wasn't there anymore. Next, we need to grow up, we have to think more, we have to be more mindful, as we say, everyone is encouraging or helping, but we can't always let others help. We need to be mindful of ourselves. Have you talked about the news that we broke up? Why did it come about? He doesn't get distracted by these things. He was a hard worker. Have a purpose in life. There's his point of view, and they can't get his attention anyway. As I said, Matt knew him before he came to know him. We hang out together, and he knows everything, we used to hang out with his previous people, and he always went to eat with us. This one, dare I say, because Matt and I are close. It's always been hangout, the news is with Matt. It's a lot, but matt's thing is the most serious. The first thing Matt is most worried about is that Matt understands a woman's point of view. Matt is worried about women's feelings together. Matt is worried, and number 2 is that we're getting people around us in trouble again. Matt is really sorry that we didn't mean to, and we admit that we really underestimated (with Carry as friends before) rather than friends, meaning siblings. If Matt isn't strong enough, Matt becomes a victim of other people's words or news. There's nothing to excuse or explain more, it's as Matt has already said, SPONSORED the first day of news. Matt sits on the couch, what's going on? I'm sorry, what do you think? As I said, Matt listened to his brother's teachings. You have to be more conscious, and I'm really sorry. 
The real Sai Mu, Mawin Pa Tu Piyavadee, asks for a child with Guan Yin to inherit the next heir to the famous family.|After attending the wedding ceremony. For young actor Win Mawin Thaweephon and the beautiful presenter Tu Piyavadee Maleenont held at the Grand Hyatt Erawan Hotel, Bangkok in October last year. After the couple attended the wedding ceremony in December 2020, the couple had previously said in an interview about their plans to have a baby, "Now I have consulted the doctor, both doctors and fortune tellers, and it will start to get more serious after this event." Young Marvin has brought a young wife. Piyavadee walked the Mutelu line wishing to have a quick baby with Guan Yin, and posted the clip on his personal Instagram. THE CAPTION READS, "THIS TRIP MUST COME BYEI@tu_piyawadee THANKS TO THE BEAUTIFUL SHIRT FROM @zenithorial_yko2 @zenithorial1988".SPONSOREDA POST SHARED by @mawin_twpSPONSORED
Ouch Zap Thak Bharanu shows kissing and drinking Belle in the middle of social media, making his wife uncomfortable (video)|I can honestly admit that my life has changed a lot since I had a family and children. From a playboy who doesn't want to stop at anyone, his handsome temperament is a spec of many girls who like to play with fire, but it seems that the latest mode has changed. Belle Adirabh, with a sucking kiss, said it was very sassy because it made the young wife look so bad. AFTER HER HUSBAND EXPRESSED THIS KIND OF AFFECTION AMONG A LOT OF NETIZENS WHO CAME TO EXPRESS THEIR OPINIONS AND SAID IN ONE VOICE THAT THE CLIP WAS FIERCE AND FEARLESS.
This couple is diligent, Ananda releases a kissing scene, Nat Natcha. Pre-wedding photo made singles die smooth|Prepare to give up another bachelorette after the young hero Ananda Everingham surprised his kneeling for his girlfriend Nat Nicha Thanalongkorn. Beautiful designer is married. In August 2016, After 5 years of dating, the countdown is now approaching their wedding day. latest Nat Nicha posted a beautiful pre-wedding photo with Ananda on her personal Instagram with the message, "Nicha and Ananda would like to take this time to thank all the leading photographers in Thailand for taking the time to be a part of our memories."
Netizens doubt the status of Deer The Face with high-so fans The men seemed to have disappeared from their lives.|Suddenly, netizens are eyeing relationships for models, sexy actresses. Kwang Wanpiya Omsinnopkul with her boyfriend Hiso House Pathanon After not seeing the male side popping up on the social media of the deer girl, netizens went to comment on the YouTube channel. Chop hwanjeab Official mouth under the clip, raid the Luk Dew shop in Thonglor! Don't be too busy !!!! The netizen commented, "I haven't seen Brother House in I.G. Deer like before," and another netizen commented, "I should break up." Will this work be as real as netizens think? I'll have to wait to ask the deer girl herself, probably the most sure.
I've grown up as a girl. Nawa daughter Om Piyada is much more beautiful.|Despite her hard work both in the foreground and behind the scenes, actress Om Piyada has never failed to fulfill her husband's duty to be a good wife. Aat Sara is a lovely mother to her daughter. And I have to say that The more you grow, the more beautiful you are, and it is considered a lace that falls under the tree a lot, both in terms of ability and beauty. It's a beautiful way to get a mom with a picture of a dinner with her on the rooftop of a high-rise building. Each shot of Nong Nawa HER AURA OF BEAUTY IS SO CUTE, IT'S THE FUTURE OF THE HEROINES OF THE INDUSTRY.
DJ Quince Share your experiences after praying, and do it with a real bang.|It is another person who accepts that prayer changes life for the better. For famous actors and DJs such as DJ Matoom Techint Ployphet, who recently came out to share his experience of praying for the Emperor 108 through his personal Instagram, this event even said that after opening his heart to do it with a real bang without being woeful, DJ Quince cast a long spell through the caption, "I want to share *personal beliefs. I never loved and loved praying, I thought I didn't understand and wasted time, but since trying this prayer, it's been very good when I can't think of anything. There will be omens or hunches to check who comes to us, what kind of friends or fraudsters come to help, or to save, so I want to tell you, do not think that prayer is a waste of time. Don't get in trouble, because we'll look around before we go in, I like my own thoughts right now. Does not flow It makes us less interested in other people and more interested in ourselves and our obligations, which is a good thing. On any given day, Tum does not come to the monk's room, it is loaded on the mobile phone, will ride in the car, sit and play before going to bed. Let's pray. Who can do it? If you don't believe in sacred things, I think you should practice reading, patience, intention, and it's hard to pray every day. Don't lie, it's very hard to pray every day, so try to take it every Tuesday. The intent is not that people don't pray badly. One of the children who had just learned that prayer had calmed down, so I got excited and hurried to tell it. I really want everyone to open up to prayer. No, it's not. That's it, friends who pray regularly, so let's share stories, whether it's miracles or meditation. I would like to read other Buddhists' opinions as well. Maybe a small thing will take us to a big spot", amidst the crowds of fans commenting on the admiration of DJ Quince.
What happened Entertainment people cheer for Goh Ti After the post says exhausted, I will go on. |Goh Ti Aramboy is another talented actor who always creates laughter for his fans, most often seeing only smiles that always bring color to those around him, but recently made many people secretly worried with the Instagram post of Goh Ti, who wrote a message similar to having life problems by cutting off the boredom and not wanting to go further. "Honestly...it's getting really boring...now there's no motivation to really want to keep going...after this...no matter what words come out of my mouth...I want you to know that it's the truth inside#ฝันดีครับทุกคน After everyone has read it, they have come to send a lot of good cheers to Goh Ti. Fans and friends in the industry say that they want Goh Ti to keep fighting. If you are tired, get up immediately. CHEER ME UP.
ENHYPEN BRINGS EXCITEMENT TO IMPACT ARENA WITH THE WORLD TOUR CONCERT 'MANIFESTO'|ON JANUARY 28 AND 29, ENHYPEN BROUGHT EXCITEMENT TO IMPACT ARENA WITH THEIR ENHYPEN WORLD TOUR 'MANIFESTO' FOR THEIR FIRST SOLO CONCERT IN THAILAND. The new powerhouse of K-pop has impressed 20,000 fans who attended the show, filling all seats for both performances. Thank you to BELIFT LAB, CJ ENM, HYBE, YJ PARTNERS, PROUD2 and BEX (Bangkok Exhibition), an event organizer under Workpoint GroupSPONSOREDENHYPEN WORLD TOUR. 'MANIFESTO' began in September 2022 with tickets sold out for both performances in Seoul, followed by performances in several cities in the United States and Japan. This is followed by the third album series MANIFESTO : DAY 1, released in July 2022, with a sequence of performances packed with main songs such as "Given-Taken", "Drunk-Dazed", "Tamed-Dashed", "Blessed-Cursed" and "Future Perfect (Pass the MIC)", as well as hybe Original Story Webtoon's webtoon soundtrack DARK MOON: THE BLOOD ALTAR, titled "In One A Billion". The seven youngsters did not forget to interact enthusiastically with the audience throughout the show, and it was most memorable when they left the stage to get close to their fans during the performance of the hit song "Polaroid Love"SPONSORED.
Big Event of the Year Aum Do Poi Trichada Press, prepare more than 10 bridesmaid dresses.|It's news that everyone is happy about. After actress Poi Trichada and handsome businessman Oak Bhagava Hongyoke announced their engagement and prepared to enter the wedding gate on March 1, the fans were excited, but the most excited person is probably the bridesmaid Aum Pacharapa Chaisin, who has already prepared more than 10 dresses. Prepare more than 10 dresses." I can't wait to see my bridesmaids' dresses and I can tell you that my friends in the industry are waking up to the girls' weddings. Poi Trichada strongly believes that this event must be another big event of the year. Thairath Online Entertainment Congratulations in advance to the newlyweds.
Richie Ornesh Everyone was stunned. Eat bubble tea but still have a slim waist.|And in recent times, everyone knows that Richie turned to take care of himself by exercising to make a perfect figure from head to toe, which has a sweetheart, young Got Ittipat is a personal trainer. I can't hold bubble tea. I want to eat bubble tea and this figure is a little confused, which egg tea can be eaten and get such a thin waist? How to eat milk tea to get in shape?"
Open the biography Oak Bhagava that her husband Poi Trichada, a businessman of the famous family.|It's another news that everyone is happy about. After actress Poi Trichada and handsome businessman Oak Bhagava Hongyoke announced their engagement and are preparing to enter the wedding gate on March 1, making fans excited. For Oak Bhagava is a young businessman, the heir to the current generation of Baan Ajo, who has been renovated into a museum, restaurant, famous coffee shop of Phuket, which Baan Ajo built since 1936, is the home of Luang Anuphas Phuketkarn or Jin Nguan Hongyoke, the family tree of Young Oak. Back in May 2022, when Poi was interviewed about her heart, she replied that she was happy and affirmative. When the Baan Ar-Jor Facebook page Baan Ajo came out to confirm the heir's relationship with a famous entertainer, and with a sweet caption, the family opened happily, and on May 14, 2022, Facebook Bhagava Hongyoke revealed that the day the couple had been dating for a long time. On February 2, 2023, the couple entered into an engagement ceremony and on March 1, 2023, it was a good time for the couple to put their hands on the wedding ceremony to live together.
From Pak Ruby Anyarin with the reason for not renewing the contract Vik mo chit ask to be free.|I've been an independent actor for a while. After jumping to work with a variety of channels For the beautiful heroine and the talented host Ruby Anyarin. After working with Vik mo chit for more than 13 years, I believe many people want to know why they decided to become a freelancer recently. Ruby Anyarin opened up on the Talk Zap Show, saying, "This was a very long decision, but luckily the adults understood and were very cute because before that, the channel was called in to discuss the contract extension. Getting a theatrical job before making a decision is to consult an adult. My brothers and sisters and my family at home came to the conclusion that what we really wanted was to make progress in theatre. I wanted to improve my skills, I found some weird new chapters, so I told the adults that I would ask to be free, which was a good ending that if I signed a contract, there might be some of it affecting other areas of work that we wanted to try. We want to have more experience there. Now it's free to go back to work with the old channel and work anywhere, every camp."
Kwang The Face talks about fiction. Hiso House receives during the relationship, there are some problems.|After being questioned by netizens about the relationship, actress, model, deer The Face or Wanpiya Omsinnopkul with sweetheart. Hiso House Pathanon Trithepchanchai is still good because after not seeing the male side appear on social media at Bangkok Riverside Fest, don't miss to inquire about love with Kwang The Face. Now that it's adjusted, will you get married? There's a lot of talk because we're all grown up, it's not just graduation, it's over 30. But deer that it's not about timing, it's about that, it's about love, it's ripe, that we feel like we want to live. DO YOU WANT TO HOLD HANDS TOGETHER FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE? We don't press, we don't push, we raise grandchildren, we raise friends, we take bouquets of flowers. Let's be honest, I think I should be able to take more than 5 jobs now (laughs)Do you feel like it's your turn?no, it's fun, like when we go to a wedding, we feel like it's in an atmosphere where people are in love, we have dreams like every woman. Everyone wants to get married, but we don't want to put pressure on anyone. We don't want anyone to push either. I want it to be like when we're ready, as we say now that we're adaptable. It's not terrible, isn't it? It's all a couple. It's not that anyone who gets together and doesn't quarrel at all, or that they're in a relationship and they're smooth with rose petals, there's no way, there's going to be some adjustments, but we've talked to him from the beginning, we're not going to fight violently, we've got something to talk about for a reason, so there's no flirting or ruining the belongings of our friends, it's just as sweet for our partner. When you go on a trip abroad, yes, but now it's time to go abroad. Because it feels like before we can go bankrupt, we need money first. Now let's just work for money, get all the jobs (laughs). But now we're another step of our lives. We've already started telling him that there's no need to buy something that's so expensive. Just give it a crunchy one. Because we don't want to waste on things like that. Buy a house, buy a car, buy something that's a big gift. Do we save money to buy that rather than start looking at the future together? How do we save money? We feel like we have to do our part well, because in the end he is our girlfriend, but we have to make money on our own. Stand with your own legs. Use your own money because if we always rely on other people. Are we not yet a partner? He's equal to everyone else, and we don't have our own source. THEREFORE, YOU MUST STRENGTHEN YOURSELF BEFORE SPONSORED.
Ruby Anyarin cleared up how to finish the Doctor even though she didn't see it to class.|Is another actress who was interested in studying until she won her PhD. For Ruby Anyarin, the former Channel 7 heroine who is now an independent actress. He opened up on the talk show, and at some point Ruby answered questions about his doctor's graduation. People wonder when to go to school, which Ruby clearly clears that we have to call him Doctor? Where to take time to study Must say that the classes are purely online because at that time I applied and caught the COVID period, I couldn't fly and didn't finish in Thailand? A lot of sorting out where we're going to go. Finally, choose to study Philippines because it is close to Thailand. If you travel back and forth, it's easy and convenient for you to schedule your studies and work. Studying with it shouldn't be a problem because it is close, but it appears that when I signed up, I was going to fly, closed the country, couldn't fly at all, since that day for 2 and a half years, I studied all online, the exams were all online. Put the brakes on someone else first.
Jenny, if refreshed, dances provocatively to children, wants to support your assertiveness.|After the famous country singer Jenny has run out if refreshed or rush the bird. Suwanket I've been criticized for being inappropriate. After the clip, a young man dances on stage. There are sexy dancers in the dance circle surrounded by it, who are perceived as having no common sense, and condemn this kind of action. Jenny, if refreshed, was aware of the drama that had already occurred, and she clarified via Facebook. Jenny said, "Thank you to everyone who sent me the news, Jenny and the team have seen the news, it's good to be more careful on stage, thank you everyone for your advice and encouragement, go ahead and go," SPONSORED, then Jenny also commented on the post, "Every time you come up to join in the fun, we try to find jokes to play for entertainment only, and every time before the kids go down, there will always be scholarships. It brings self-improvement, everyone. Before leaving the stage, Jenny also offered a prize money to support her assertiveness." THE SISTER WHO COMMENTED "KEEP FIGHTING" TO WHICH JENNY REPLIED, "HELP US DEVELOP OUR BAND." 
Unfortunately, Anna Tiger did not like the referee. The Universe |Although the Miss Universe 2022 pageant has closed, the drama is not over. Representatives of Thailand, such as the latest mam table show with the host of the mother, Maam Surivipa, had the opportunity to talk with senior beauty queen Fasai Pavensuda. Asked how she felt about the work of the younger beauty queen. Why is it so bad that writing a resume to send a pile is that we want to exchange ideas, which all employees have to write bio or questions, send the contest pile just like when we apply, which the division will ask in our contest, we will also write the submission. It's a story of each contestant having to write their own story, which everyone has to write biographies, how much effect does it have on the position?is that for us it is not directly related to the score, but it is indirect here that if we write bio interesting or something that they want to know about this woman. But assuming we wrote it, there's nothing in the black room. HE WOULDN'T ASK ANYTHING ABOUT US AND WE WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO SHOW OUR POTENTIAL, WHICH EVERYONE HAD TO GO TO THE BLACK ROOM BECAUSE THE BLACK ROOM IS A ONE-ON-ONE INTERVIEW, WHICH WILL HAVE A COMMITTEE OF ABOUT 4-5 SPONSORED PEOPLE. Everyone can choose whether to write it themselves or have the pageant write for them, but in the clear sky we choose to write it ourselves, because if we are in the black room, we will be able to answer from the heart that we are the ones who wrote it. So there's nothing wrong with that, but if we write it ourselves, it feels like we've answered it ourselves, but let's say if we don't write it ourselves, then the judges ask us to help explain more. Maybe if we don't write it ourselves, then we'll be stunned and confident will show up in communication in the eyes, which will affect the score, if we can go back, what will we write for "Anna the Tiger"? He had a very interesting story because he grew up in a relatively poor position and he grew up in a temple and studied in a monastic school. It's a story that when one listens to feel that you don't take the obstacles or basics to block you and move on in life, anyone can tell their own story and inspire others. Because everyone has an interesting story. So for us, we're going to make this connection that we may be poor, but we can create opportunities for ourselves. If we try, and then when we get the opportunity, we want to continue to give it to the kids in that society, it seems like we want to give them a lot. But at that point when we were watching him answering beyond time, we felt that when someone else answered on time, we would choose that person. It must be admitted that every year the person who wins will be suitable for the title in that year. He's the one who changes his own evening gown and cuts his own evening gown from the introverted dress to the dress he sees in it, the one he cuts himself because he's a sponsored designer, so I have to admit, and when he comes to say it, his answer is that there's a link that I cut the dress and I'm going to be able to have a project to persevere, to open up opportunities for others. It all fits perfectly. It's called a complete element.
Hai Paper Planes prepares to stop taking medication after panic disorder, symptoms improve because children contribute.|It is another person who suffers from panic disorder for the hottest young singer Hai Thanwa Ketsuwan or Hai. Papers Paper Planes, who said he had panic disorder and had been on medication for almost six months. It's called getting much better because, as everyone has seen lately, whether it's me and the atmosphere around me, it's very bright. Probably early next month I'm going to start stopping medication and I think that helps a lot. I always talk to Zayn about how it makes us warmer, more smiling. Trying to look at something other than yourself, maybe not everything, but trying to give something back. I FEEL LIKE IT'S A GOOD SIGN THAT WE'RE GOING TO START STOPPING THE DRUG. It's been 6 months. Now it's quite 80%, medicine helps in part, but the way of thinking is important. I'm starting to sit more, but I still need to see the doctor, but I think it's a lot better with the situation that's happening right now. It's all happening today, but with our family, we never send anything to each other, but the child is the link to everything. I just realized that today children are really a bridge to everything, I just came to know at this age that it's important to make parents accept us. Children are bridges, because I can't imagine without them. In what way will his parents accept us, because the kids are really just getting started in the early stages of the tour? The symptoms are that I will tense, sit on my legs and tense, sweat, my pulse will rise high. I started to feel like I couldn't get past this. Even the 45-minute flight was so small that the air conditioner had to sit down and talk to me to make me as relaxed as possible, and the elevator that I entered would feel uncomfortable, which in the past was not as uncomfortable as if I were going to die. It's heavy, the doctor says it's not dead, but the feeling of the person who is like it's going to die. When the symptoms are heavy, you will need to take emergency medication. 
Big M Channel 7 after being released from the knot, one day I will be back.|After the young hero Big M Kritrit was terminated by channel 7 due to the latest news. Big M posted a picture of herself back on Channel 7 meeting adults and siblings on Channel 7, with a heartfelt message to this old house: "No matter what life has gone through. Family members are the first to love and always be by our side. From that day until today I stepped out of the house. All my brothers and sisters have always loved and encouraged me, today I have received very good advice and greetings from all my beloved adults, including my brothers and sisters on Channel 7HD. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to have this day because of the love and kindness from all the adults. I miss the time when I was happy, but when I saw the smiles and hospitality of all my brothers, I realized that we weren't going anywhere. We are always in everyone's hearts... Thank you to the fans of Channel 7. HOME IS ALWAYS HOME CH7HD"SPONSORED
Netizens lashed out at each other after one of them. The former folk drama hero was taken aback.|When it comes to the drama hero, many people must think of a young actor, Malit Choisophon, who has left many works such as the seven-colored sword, the seven-light mani, the black-faced sky axe, Laksanawong, Halvichai-Kavi, the four yod kumars, who is now 52 years old. It's been a year but I've taken good care of myself. And even though he's now away from the show, there's still social media to talk to his fans. Boiling power When a netizen commented on the former hero, he said, "One brother is very old, I can't remember being one brother before, even more handsome. When I was playing a folk drama on Channel 7, I was born when I was playing a play called Kanhachali Phra Wesson Dr. Chadok, a little monk, a black-faced sky axe, a seven-colored mani-seven-light sword, wong"SPONSORED, to which he replied to the netizens, "At that time, 25, now 52, the doctor really can only help", along with a wide-smiling emoji, before the owner of the comment came in and replied, "It's okay, brother, one of you is the hero in my heart forever. But from such comments, there are many netizens who blame the comments of the owners of such comments, such as "I didn't learn about social etiquette, low manners are as low as a little as a blush, there are many ways to watch other people that don't start with bad words, live in a society that has to learn to respect others".
The work is good, the love is perfect. Mini heroine "Phra Pae Ramida" dating "Backing" 5 The year is still crazy.|Welcome to the Month of Love Phra Pae-Ramida Theerapat The mini-heroine from the drama "Hug Many My Lady" on Channel 7HD press 35 is considered the lucky girl "Lucky in Game Lucky in Love". After planting a love tree with her boyfriend outside the industry. Supporting – Chanchanok Chidchob, heir to a famous politician, has only "love fanaticism". So I grabbed her on the cover. Malai Thairath comes with a new fashion look for @iboy_tvpool hairdressers@thearm_hair89 to create beauty@boss_snapshot@ellfa! : giftratre adjusted the mode of "drama heroine", tearful, becoming a sweet girl, a little sexy, to smell the aroma of the neck, not just the fashion that the pie intends to shake off the same look out of the box. Moreover, it has a fairly strong rating right now. From the moment I smiled, the feedback was better than expected. THERE ARE A LOT OF FANS SINCE WEARING THE CHARACTER LLIN IS A WAYWARD, CRANKY, HARDCORE PERSON"When we see the character, he wants to play a lot, we have to adjust the rhythm, the mannerisms must be active. After living in Pey's Huen Hak Phaeng (Euro-Yosawat) farm, I found a variety of things and gained new experiences. When it was Mongkoldee Production camp of Pee Teel (Tawan Jarujinda) as well. I'm very happy because we've worked with him before on "The Sky Has the Sun" The young hero, who is known for his pranks, is second to none. This works. The monk girl excused herself, and immediately turned around to defend the "jin couple", telling her own angle that touching the identity of the Euro boy was not scary. It's cute. I'm not teasing anyone, but I'm just teasing. "It's a way of approaching the people of Euro to make us so close like this, which today we are really close, so when we go into the gig scene, we will not be shy at all, and believe that Euro is not embarrassing, because it is a show, it is the feeling of the character that we play, we are in the script, we feel that the character is all acting, everything is work, it is our profession, we have to believe in the show, so there will be no embarrassment. But real life off-screen says I'm very happy. If you have to win only when to sift through the "marriage" card, it is only that everyone has been waiting for love, dating for up to 5 years, enviable... "As for love, our relationship is going well, there are no problems at all, we are all cheering for each other, today is the 5th year. Being an actor is also a human being in love. It's a good thing that maybe the pie hasn't come out and said much about it. Because we are women. We don't know what the future holds, but we understand that we are the ones who are here to always have questions for us. But he's not an industry person, so the chances of him speaking out are going to be difficult." His parents were very nice with the pie .... He always thinks of us, goes wherever he invites, or maybe his mom goes shopping and calls us to ask. My parents are really cute and open to us in the eyes of the people outside. You might need some puck, but if you can come in and talk, you'll really experience it. Sometimes you'll say, 'Go find a good restaurant.' Check it out, what's delicious now, or maybe my dad will tell me today, I'm going to eat this one, is the pie together, do you miss us, call us all the time, maybe see this as a little thing, but for pie it's a very good feeling that someone misses us. Pie feels lucky to have found his whole body (Chanchanok Chidchob) who is a very nice person and also met his family who is very cute with us. Everything that happened that made us hook up for a long time (his memory is that of a politician's son?). What is obvious is when you go around. That's what makes Pie very impressive because he doesn't hold back, doesn't insult anyone, respects everyone, is a very strong person, and to be honest, it's a matter of status. He's a wealthy person, but he's not someone who's going to ask his parents for money, and his parents aren't raising him at will. He's a guy who works harder than he can get. To be honest, this family is really lucky to have all the good kids. Everyone is a worker, which helps to encourage the family business to continue to develop because all the children work hard." He frankly admits that it's only to a certain extent, but believes that we will have to keep improving. Today we suffer. Their goal today is to be happy, and each person's happiness is different. Some people's happiness is to travel well, have good food, some may just want to be healthy, to be with their families. As for our own happiness, we can feed ourselves. To some extent, it is a refuge for those around us that we love. If you look at her today as a lucky woman, it's all about work. But for ourselves, everything has a place to go, maybe luckily when we get the opportunity, and when we get that opportunity we have the will. There was an attempt. Be disciplined, be consistent, do what you want to do and do well. If the opportunity that comes in doesn't do well, we lose that opportunity. It is important that we continue to improve ourselves.Clothing : giftratre Photographer : @boss_snapshot
"Kornchai" supports "black ants" into politics, screaming at the neck. "Mr. INTO1" Idol Inter|Only "black ants" knock out Eviding... "Young Man" is so troubling instead of "Mommy"!! Let's start hitting!! But the script will say that there are people who are shy too. "No, there are no black ants. In the past, we watched TV, sat and watched this guy, handsome, charming, it was like the law of attraction, we had to meet each other, let's work together for a long time, he took black ants as the host of a big show." 1 minute sweet, hit each other 8 more, head will ache... Young dads will be with each other forever. Before opening up about the big drama that took my mind and changed my life. "Change yourself, meet Twitter, hei gu did something wrong, gu killed someone, found a comment that black ants want to prostrate", so when will black ants leave the entertainment industry? and then down politics? This black witch work is clear, what will it say?... Don't miss out!! "Mr. INTO1", a handsome Thai man who made his debut in China. Over 13 million votes!! Flying back to Thailand, I landed on the stage of "3 Zap". Very cute and charming. Young dad, mom, af got knocked out. She talked about her journey to becoming a famous idol and having a lot of fans. Train hard, be patient, and leave it to those who want to become idols to have 2 weapons: effort and do not give up!! 15 p.m. on Channel 3HD and watch back on www.youtube.com/polyplusentertainment
The most spectacular drama "Tanaosri" resurrects the mammoth giant "Golf Anuwat" missed the elephant cemetery.|The adventure in the drama "Tanaosri" arrives at an important stage, the "Primitive Elephant Cemetery", in which an important event takes place! The King of the Elephant Cemetery captured the prison. The father-son bond of Chaya and Thongyai gives a sense of bond as if they had known each other, but it does not result in spasing. Chayatang Shiori (May–Nattapat), Dawn (Candle–Genius), Kento (Mark– Apiwit) and Dare (Guide–Kantapol) try to help. AFTER EVERYONE ESCAPES FROM THE ELEPHANT CEMETERY, CHAYA LOSES THE TIGER FANG NECKLACE, WHICH IS THE ONLY TREASURE THAT HER FATHER HAS GIVEN HER. "The Land of the Elephant Cemetery" and will resurrect the primitive elephant Mammoth to life in a spectacular way. I've also seen organizers and directors like Tha–Sataporn jumped down to star in the role. The "father" who almost killed his child as well, which this work Tha does not allow to lose its name because it can convey the emotions of fatherhood and son deeply. But the biggest difficulty is golf, where the director asks to cry with tears in one tear to keep the camera focused. Let's continue to win what Thong Yai and Chaya will do with this complicated father-son relationship and whether the Tanaosri gang will break through the elephant cemetery checkpoint at 5.45 pm on Channel 8, dial 27 this Monday and watch the free retrospective on TrueID through 3 application channels, web and TrueID TV box. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
A young Abhap takes his wife as a pawn in an Akha tribal costume in the "Pawn Game" show.|Even if it looks bad, it doesn't affect love. Meet the story of the 54-year-old pawnbroker "Kham" from Chiang Rai, a father of two, who was bullied for being a ghost, but never lost his fate until he had a son. Korean idol But it turns out that the child is teased every day about the look of the father, but refuses to tell the "word" Although not handsome, but because of goodness, he found true love with a beautiful Akha girl, lived to eat until he had 2 sons, at first the child looked like a father, but when he grew up, the more handsome, but the child still did not get teased by his friends about his face every day, but the child kept quiet, refusing to tell because he was afraid that the father would regret this week. In "Pawn Game" 6 p.m. THAIRATH TV CHANNEL 32.SPONSORED
Lee Jae-wook holds his first fan meeting Send your fans a full impression.|It's a screaming job. For the hot young hero from Korea, Lee Jae Wook from the popular series "ALCHEMY OF SOULS" who met Ichimo Thai (the name of Lee Jae Wook fan club) for the first time at the "2023 LEE JAE WOOK ASIA TOUR FAN MEETING <FIRST> IN BANGKOK" held at KBank Siam Pikanesh Theatre. SIAM SQUARE ONESPONSORED BECAUSE FROM START TO FINISH. This young man is fully attracted to Ichimo Thai because in addition to showing off his singing skills and greeting in Thai "Hello", the heart melts. From talking about work to the lifestyle of this guy who says that he is cute and smiling with cracked cheeks, and also has a great shot, practice speaking Thai "Donuts still have holes, when will you have a heart" from the hit song "Stand by Handsome", which made fans scream full of SPONSORED, and in the event part did not disappoint. There are polaroids, double photographs, and Lee Jae-wook's hat worn at Thailand's airport. The lucky fans concluded with a surprise video project from fans who gave back their happiness to Lee Jae-wook and held up a Korean sign that read, "Let's meet again." Young Master Lee Jae-wook burst into tears before taking a photo together as a souvenir and joining the Hi-Bye event to end the event with the warmest and happiest ending.
Kwan Usamani is puzzled. Being scolded by a strange man in the limelight.|Make Kwan Usamani even very confused. Meanwhile, Kwan revealed a text message from a strange man sent to her without a cause. Turn on the scolding machine like a flashlight until Kwan even says stop before the tiger, lightly because each message sent is difficult to relate to the story. There is thematic content about children, weddings. Kwan posted a picture of the message with the caption "Huh???! Stop before the tiger !!!!, cool can be cold, light... The event started, the wedding wasn't there yet. Who are you?, who are you, who are the ?????! "SPONSORED"Many people who follow, both friends, celebrities and fans, have come to comment a lot, and also try to help Kwan connect the message. 
Pumpui strikes back After getting stalked, I didn't quit, tried to calm down, but many times with this person.|It's been through a lot of drama and it's now stronger for Pumpui. Panthipa, wife of Young Gwint Duval, but recently seemed to have an affair for Pumpui. He wrote on Facebook. "Today I scrolled to see a comment on a show saying to Pui, 'I don't like it. I used to follow her, I used to comment that she was being pushed back, and then when I went to see her on another page, she followed me. Looks very empty. Why can't the public accept disagreements? Whoever scolded her, she scolded back. In real life, have you ever met someone you didn't like and walked in and said to him in front of you, 'I don't like it, you don't hate it, you wouldn't do that.' Because you're going to become uncivilized, or heavier, maybe even smashed online. Some opinions, you don't have to express them, you can keep them in mind, and then you come to comment on other people, you will have everyone bow to your words, because he is a person who knows a lot. Why is it so easy? That's you, backwards. When I get hit by the garden, I play the role of the right person. Unfollowed a long time ago, but based on every comment, so far. SPONSORED, AND ALSO TYPED A MESSAGE, ADDING, "TRY TO BE CALM. After Pumpui posted the message, there were a lot of likes and encouragement.
M. Topaz reveals the latest photo after facial surgery, pleading not to bully|After YouTuber M. Topaz Wongkham lao Mum Jok Mok's beloved daughter underwent facial surgery and kept updating her face after making her face through her personal IG for her fans. M Topaz revealed another update after the surgery, which still has swelling and bruising after the surgery, and wrote a caption to trap people who like to criticize him even though his face is still in place, saying "It's still swollen and bruised, don't just blind the curtains, awnings." It's beautiful, it's not pretty, it's blinds. You're not cute, you're so cute, you're so beautiful, if you're in place, you're going to be more beautiful. It's so swollen, it's good, it's a baby face, what can I do? Money, we don't get in trouble, money in anyone's pocket, etc.
Buttery Daughter Kwang-Nut show show khon very delicate (video)|previously Buttery The youngest daughter of the famous couple Kwang Kamolchanok and Not Nuti Khemayothin made the family happy because they got a scholarship to study engineering (International Region), Chulalongkorn University. kwang kamolchanok Post images and clips She also posted pictures and clips of her daughter's beating and wrote a message about her pride in her daughter, such as being very proud of her. Thank you to Teacher Lek for passing on khon to Nong Butter, glad that Ruamrudee International School (RIS) encourages children to be Thai, preserve Thai art and culture, deer proud that they are accepted and absorbed very well, etc. Study well, be smart, be versatile, and appreciate parents who instill in their children very well, etc.
Jack Blackjack is a dad. After 5 months pregnant with his girlfriend|I'm ready to be another dad in the entertainment industry. Singer Jack Jarupong Orchid ngam or Black Jack recently revealed the good news that his girlfriend Prai is 5 months pregnant and has a daughter. This is a job that my parents are very proud of. Jack @jackiblackjack posted a picture with his girlfriend on his mobile phone and wrote, "Jack has good news, Jack is going to have a daughter, she's called "Luna", Jack and Broe are very happy and proud to be Luna's parents. Congratulations to Thairath Online.
Get to know Zen Mejka A talented news anchor, sweetheart, ton achew. |After being single for 2 years, Taew Nataporn's ex-boyfriend Ton Achew has finally officially launched a new sweetheart, which is nobody else, Sen Mejka Supichayangkur, a skilled host and news anchor of Channel 3. UNTIL RECENTLY, THE COUPLE LAUNCHED AS FANS AND SPONSORED FOR ZEN MAJKA SUPICHAYANGKUR, A NEWS ANCHOR WITH A SWEET FACE. She is the main anchor on Channel 3 on "One Page of Stories" and "Top Stories This Evening, Saturday-Sunday". He also served as a DJ on flex 104.5 at the same place as the young man.
Reveal minutes Eh Jirakorn was punched in the face by a white-shirted man in the middle of the concert stage (clip)|Recently, the young singer Eh Jirakorn Sompitak or Black Crow Mask on The Mask Singer has experienced a physical injury while singing because someone physically attacked him by punching him in the face. By Eh Jirakorn posted a clip of a white-shirted man walking up to Eh on the concert stage. Before the card tries to pull it off. But the man refused, before punching the young singer in the face in the middle of the stage. THERE WAS A SPLASH OF WATER, AND THEN SOMEONE CAME TO HELP PULL THE MAN AWAY. Eh Jirakorn posted a check-in at Don Mueang Airport and wrote, "Love the work, love the artist, we should all respect each other. Thank you for everyone's concern. Thairath entertainment online has asked Eh Jirakorn about what happened, which the young singer said that he was punched just by sting because he pulled out the scene just right, which at the moment has not been reported because he is traveling to play a concert in Chiang Rai province, but will prepare to report for sure.
Golf Hatchling Hero plays a concert among 3,500 boxers.|Join us for a concert at Amazing MuayThai Festival 2023 at Rajabhakti Park Hua Hin Prachuap Khiri Khan for young singers, golf, hatchling hero or golf Nattawut Srimok. More than 3,500 masters attended the biggest Muay Thai teacher show in Thailand's history and the world's largest number of Muay Thai masters to record the Guinness World Records (GWR) led by Buakhao Commandamek to commemorate His Majesty The 8th King. And Golf wrote the caption, "When you play a concert among 3,500 Muay Thai fighters, the atmosphere is like a battle." THE BROTHERS IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY HAVE COME TO COMMENT A LOT, BOTH AMAZED AT THE BOILING, AND THE FANS WHO FOLLOWED SAID THAT IT WAS LIKE PLAYING A CONCERT AMONG THE VILLAGERS OF BANGRAJAN, IF THEY HIT EACH OTHER, WHO WOULD DARE TO BAN IT, BUT THIS MATTER GOT PEOPLE WHO WERE AT THE EVENT TO REPLY THAT IT WOULD NEVER HAPPEN BECAUSE MR. TEN HE WAS HONORED.SPONSOREDA POST SHARED BY F.HERO (@ftodah)SPONSORED
"Halo"! Raising a friend dressed in Thai costume to see "Tid Noi"|The trend of wearing Thai costumes to watch the movie "Tid Noi" has become a color for the Thai film industry. The star of the story Young Adorn can't stand it, even having to raise the gang dressed in Thai costumes to see Tid Noi together. Radhakrishnan revealed, "At first, my friends saw pictures from my friends and fans. He was dressed in Thai clothes to see Tid Noi and then took a picture. My friends saw me and said that it was cute, so I told him that I would gather a group and dress in Thai costumes to see some tid, so I said that if you wait, I will wear Thai clothes to see with my friends. So we dressed in Thai costumes to see Tid Noi. Take fun photos, it's cute when watching movies. FRIENDS SAY THAT IT IS LIKE BEING IN THE SAME ERA AS IN THE MOVIE, LET'S CREATE THE ATMOSPHERE OF WATCHING THE MOVIE "TID NOI" BY WEARING A THAI COSTUME TO WATCH THE MOVIE "TID NOI" TODAY, EVERY ROUND, EVERY THEATER.
"Grand", a heavy brief, loves to force social shoots, dating for 4 years, love is not a buzz.|Get on the podium of the star couple Tik Tok, both outstanding you Ngamnet and girlfriend Grand-Kornphatsorn who have a bang content, both funny and cute often, meet outstanding you Come to the ceremony to worship the movie "Kumar", so I have updated the love for 4 years, starting from this period, playing tick-to-k often? "Forced, I really don't keep up with social media", but in the clip, it always seems willing? "If you don't get it through, you'll have to re-put it to 10-20 tek, I'll tell you, grand, when you post anything, whether it's a photo or a video, it'll send it to the world to see which one passes and they'll choose a photo that others haven't chosen." "He's going to brief hard, but I'm not going to listen, I'm going to play our way, we don't want to play a lot, it's good, he's like, 'A lot of clips, I'm going to take this, she's going to have to do this.'" "It's not just a surprise when we shoot a tick-to-k, it's a surprise for everything, as you can see a lot of surprises. I don't eat. I'll only eat with you. She ordered rice, and I ordered mine, but in the end he came to eat ours. Argue. Fighting, beating each other? "It's a feeling of satiety, funny in the heart, laughing in the heart, smiling in the heart, that I can enjoy you every day." A tight Six Pack? "I like to exercise, and I do a lot of exercise. "I'm trying to tell you that I'm trying to play a lot of social media so I can have a job and have money." I see it as an exercise. I'm tired of showing off. I want to do a workout tutorial because many moments we want the world to know how to exercise." "Not at all?" "No, Grand wasn't jealous from the very beginning, until now I'm not jealous, but I was jealous at first, but when he showed me later, I was like, "Did he give back the profit to the fans by taking off the show? "Nope. "We really have a giggle corner. "He's a sweetheart, now our sweet corner is like having fun, it may not make people look and smile, but in our hearts full time, they come. Let's joke about it. "Well, it's normal, everything, maybe not a lot of buzz, because the thing that different people like the most is work. He's been doing a lot of social work lately, and he's happy, and I can't believe I've seen people who work on social media most of the time. But we'll be happy to be on set. Theatrical filming Working to improve ourselves, we'll be happy here: "Both of our workaholics aren't an obstacle to love, right? "No, because grand's way of thinking is pretty good, dating now for 4-5 years." "LIKE I SAID, HE'S A GOOFY GUY, A FUNNY GUY." When we say words that can be a little strong. But in our hearts, we don't think badly, we speak strongly. It's not an insult, it's a person who doesn't like chili to ginger, it's like, oh, he's not going to like it." "My way of doing it is to act like nothing is happening (laughs), but it's not a big deal. We'll actually talk straight, sit back and look at each other, stare at each other. Face to eye, tooth for tooth, it will end as if nothing had happened. Let's sit down and eat, oh, this one is delicious, it's over there, how big is the end after eating?"
Taiwanese media are not happy with the 4 actors of the famous series. Misbehavior during the interview|The fans were very criticised. When several Taiwanese media outlets published news about 4 Thai series actors who had traveled to Taiwan. During media interviews, several problems occurred, such as being late for more than an hour. When I arrived, there was no apology. Only the organizers said that they were late because of makeup and hair problems, and that 1 in 4 actors walked into the room with snacks during the photo shoot before giving an interview. Although a Thai team came forward and asked the photographer to remove the image, and the behavior of the Thai series actors was not over, as the Taiwanese media considered them unprepared. The organizers asked questions from the media beforehand, but when the reporter asked, they asked for answers and rarely answered the questions asked, which is not to mention the 4 whispering and humming each other, and also showing a look that indicated a bad mood throughout the interview after the news was published. There are fans who follow both Thais and Taiwanese. He said that the late story was wrong and had to blame the team, but the snack was not eaten during the interview, which was partly caused by the translator. The reporter asked if it would start at all. But the actors weren't ready. The interpreter said he was ready, so it was misleading. However, we will have to wait for the camp to clarify the issue again.
Ben Chalatit said with a grin, but quickly used it, causing an entire strip of wounds.|Fans flocked to the comments with affection and pity. When popular singer Ben Chalatit Tantiwut shared his ultimate experience when he went to rip his genitals. The doctor told me to wait for the wound to heal well, but he quickly used it. As a result, ben's personal Facebook page posted the story: "Last month we went to circumcision. The doctor told me to wait until the wound heals well before it can be used. It's been a month since we thought the wounds were completely together. Okay, count one new", and put the feeling that I feel depressed in the midst of comments, such as it's because I'm too hard to use it, I'm healed quickly. I'm preparing to do it, but I'm going to do it like a cold clip, I don't know if it hurts, I need to go to the doctor again, how do I want to see the wound, I'm sorry that I'm sorry that I'm going to heal quickly, I'm not !!!!!!!
vermicelli happy birthday greetings Hisonigm Look at the clip. This couple is very sweet.|Although I rarely see a sweet couple moment, I can tell you that the businessman-VJ is sexy. vermicelli Virithipa Phakdeeprasong and Hiso Young Nikm Thanapoomkul Love is not the same as other couples. You can see it in the clip of the girl. vermicelli Made to wish you a happy birthday. HIGHSONIM WHO SEES A VERY CUTE SWEET SHOT SPONSORED BY IN THE CLIP AT VERMICELLI Happy birthday to Nikkm, from the moment of vermicelli with Nikkm at different places together, to the sweet shot at High-so-nic, shoulder-scented, and cheeky, vermicelli-scented. It's called this hot-eyed singles job. The sweet caption "Happy birthday to my special one you always be my day 1" amidst comments from people in the entertainment industry and fans. And many people tease the sweetness of the couple's cuteness.
Jamie Nine-Forth Overpowered My School President Adds Show Rounds After Ticket Sales|"My School President Prom Night Live On Stage" on Saturday, March 18, 2023 from 11:00 a.m. at Union Hall, F6th Floor, Union Mall announced sold out after ticket sales on February 4 from 10:00 a.m. less than an hour and on "GMMTV", Thailand's leading content provider. On Sunday, March 19, 2023, the second round of tickets sold out was announced on February 4 from 1:00 p.m. Tickets sold out for both rounds within a day, underscoring the success of the new pair. "Jamie Nine Narawit Thiticharoenrak, Forth Natthawan Jirochanthikul" and best friends such as Mark Pakin Khunanuwit, Ford Arun Asavadusakul, Winnie Thanawin Pholcharoenrat, Satang Kittipop Seriwichayasawat, Along Teepakorn Kwanboon, Captain Peerawit Kulkang, Ahn Naphat Patcharachavalit" who are ready to throw fun moments with an exclusive show on the spectacular light stage that all the actors are very attentive and dedicated.
Eh Jirakorn condemns assault on Feb. 7|From the case of singer Eh Jirakorn Sompitak or Black Crow Mask from "The Mask Singer" was physically attacked by a young man wearing a white shirt with a punch to the face until he suffered minor injuries, it became a hot clip online and there was a lot of criticism about the man's actions that did not honor the artist. "On February 5, 2023, SPONSORED artist Eh Jirakorn was physically assaulted while performing on stage from the incident of "Eh Jirakorn", an artist under ME RECORDS under MUZIK MOVE, who was physically assaulted while performing on stage at a restaurant in Khlong Sam district, Pathum Thani province, last night (February 4, 2023). If there are any further updates, we will inform you in the next order, sincerely, ME RECORDS", Thairath Entertainment Online has asked those close to the case to receive a reply that Eh Jirakorn will go to report the case on Tuesday, February 7, 2023 at Pratunam Chulalongkorn Police Station, Pathum Thani province at 09.00 a.m. before traveling to join the "Hon Stream" program on Channel 3 to clarify the matter.
Nut-Wisarut Open the center of the list 3 zap, raise the treasure of ten billion to "pink" alone.|"Nut Wisarut" Husband Arya Open the center of the show "3 Zap" Accepting happiness today no. 1 is family, wife, children, mother, siblings and grandchildren. The 7-year-old has been a good wife and mother of children who raised her children flawlessly on Feb. 4, the reporter reported. Opened a comprehensive power line manufacturing and distribution plant worth tens of billions under the brand "Electricity". "Wee-Nine" in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province gave polyplus company's "3 Zap" program, which aired in the afternoon every Sunday on Channel 3, visited for the first time and captured the warmth of the family of parents and three children. ON FEBRUARY 4, 2019, SPONSORED During one of the shows, "Chompoo-Arya" was one of the hosts of "Knot-Wisarut", opened up about the business that he intended to start and operate on his own since about 6 years ago, because he graduated with a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Australia and a master's degree in business from England and another master's degree at Sasin Graduate Institute of Business Administration of Chulalongkorn University. The father-of-three businessman also said he had given the inheritance to his wife, Sri. The will has been signed, and the will is very short. If I was anything to go by, it was all given to Pink-Arya. Everything that belongs to me is undisputed, I will teach him that if I suppose I'm traveling or something suddenly happens, I'm going to do it. He and his three children will live comfortably because for 7 years they have been living together, he is a good wife, a mother of children who raises children flawlessly," said Knott-Wisarut.
Ann Thongprasom shares good memories of the piggy bank that her grandmother bought for her.|Share the stories of yesterday's warm and smiling memories with your fans on a regular basis. For the heroine-theater presenter Ann Thongprasom, she recently shared her fond memories of the piggy bank her grandmother bought for her as a child. After accidentally passing by, I found a piggy bank cart owned by an uncle by Ann Thongprasom. He posted a picture of himself choosing a piggy bank from a wheelchair and wrote a caption about the piggy bank that his grandmother bought for her to practice saving money, saying, "When I was a child, my grandmother liked to save money to buy this piggy bank for me and practiced to keep it in check. Today, I walked over and met my uncle in the car. SUPPORT YOUR UNCLE, BUY IT, KEEP IT BACK TO MEMORY," SPONSORED AMIDST COMMENTS FROM FANS WHO HAVE EXPRESSED THEIR OPINIONS, SUCH AS WONDERING ALL ALONG. That uncle cart sells jars like this. Did someone buy it? I'm very sympathetic today, Ann posted this photo, it makes me feel great, I want to have an organizer. Create a series based on the life of Brother Ann Thong, it should be fun, it, and also insightful with Love You My Idol, if this kind of mold is difficult, then the seller will be glad. It would be difficult to find someone to buy it, too. etc
Pup Potato Recalling being slapped in the face on stage and firing a bullet in the store, I feel haunted until today.|The case of Eh Jirakorn being physically attacked by a young man wearing a white shirt with a punch to the face and minor injuries has become a hot clip online and there is a lot of criticism of the man's actions that disrespect the artist. Matt Pup Patchai Phakdeesuk or Pup Potato himself shared Eh Jirakorn's post and shared his experiences as well. "It reminds me of about 16 years ago at the end of the show. I'm holding my hand and saying goodbye, I'm slapping my hand on the face!! There was a brother who came to take care of me, pushing me out of the crime scene. After that, there was chaos. There was a fight until a bullet was fired in the store. It's good that no one was injured, but it still haunts me to this day, encouraging my aunts and all the musicians to respect each other."
GMM TV has issued an apology to Taiwanese media for the drama 4 F4 Thailand actors. |From taiwan's media case "Boys Over Flowers" or F4 Thailand on GMM TV in 2021, starring Bright Wachirawit, Dew Jirawat, Nani Hirankrit and Win Methwin, said that the 4 actors were unlovable, late for more than 1 hour, and 1 of them also ate snacks during the photo shoot before the interview. GMM TV, the affiliate of 4 F4 Thailand, has clarified the issue after the drama of an interview with journalists in Taiwan at the Shooting Star Asia tour in Thailand, saying, "In the case of the social media mention about the actor's interview in Taipei on February 4, 2023, the company would like to clarify the following:1. The delay in the interview was delayed due to flight delays, which delayed the interview, which the organizers informed the reporters in advance. The company apologizes for what happened here.2. About the artist's misbehavior by eating sweets during the interview due to misunderstandings in the communication and coordination of the team. As a result, the artist understands that early in the day was still a preparatory phase, and had not yet begun photography and interviews. Once the artist is informed, the artist is prepared to continue interviewing with the media as usual. The team then informed the media that they would not use the footage. The artist and the company are liable for causing uneasiness to many parties and will be careful not to allow this to happen again in the future, and will have clear communication to avoid further misunderstandings."
Outstanding Dad Weir reviews the life of raising a child alone. On the day of my mother's absence.|He is now a father of one for the famous hero Weir Suklawat, who is now a beautiful wife. Vicky Pimonya has given birth to a daughter. The couple then took action to help raise the children on their own. And Weir's dad is the latest in a long line of daughters. Weir posted a picture with his daughter, who is raising her alone. Vicky's mother had to stay on fire for 7 days, 7 hours a day, which Weir said that although it wasn't good enough, she was sure she could do it. Thank you @wylyn.vw19 for being so gentle with your dad and thank you @vikkiiexplorer for training your husband to become a dad." Fight me," and the fans who followed said in the same voice that Father Weir was very cute. THE TITLE OF OUTSTANDING FATHER MUST COME.SPONSORED
Matthew Dean wins Best Presenter award|It became a beauty pageant that had been buzzing before. For the Miss Grand International 2022 pageant of the famous organizer Nawat Isarakraisorn. The event's host, actress-host Matthew Dean, the beloved husband of singer-actress Lydia Sarunrat, was also buzzing on social media as beauty pageants fans said she was the latest handsome host. Matthew Dean continues to bang as Global Beauties, the world's leading beauty analytics organization, continues to grow. Matthew has announced that he will win Best Presenter at the GB Awards 2022, while Jenny Mai and Olivia Culpo have been announced. The Miss Universe stage host took 2nd place and 3rd place belonged to Anita. Nineka-Jones and Martin Fitch, hosts of Miss Supranational SPONSORED for Global Beauties, were founded in 1998 by Brazilian Henrique Fontes, a leading organization for the analysis of international beauty pageants. Grand Slam of Beauty Pageants has been ranked since 1999.
Jae Nongpanee Lan, an artist, told about his experience of splashing beer on the stage.|It's called a hot event that's been heavily criticized. In the case of young singer Eh Jirakorn Sompitak or Black Crow Mask from "The Mask Singer", a man wearing a white shirt punched the singer in the face. This raises questions about the safety of artists, as well as the disrespect of artists who have created happiness on the stage of recent concerts. Country singer Jae Nongpanee Interior also posted about her experience of being disrespected during a concert. The post reads, "Artists are people. Let's give each other some respect. Don't do anything forceful, always keep that in mind. WE DON'T LIKE ANYTHING, DON'T DO THAT TO ANYONE !!!SPONSORED, AND THE TEAM IS STRONG, THE LEGEND IN FRONT OF THE STAGE SPLASHES BEER ON ME AND I THROW A BEER CAN ON HIS HEAD. That was over 10 years ago. I said so. Since that clip went out. I rarely meet strong people in front of the stage. There are some who have bad mouths, firm faces, scold me in front of the stage, but I scold me louder because I have a mic", along with comments under the post "Team #เมื่อคุณแรงมาแล้วเราจะเบาเพื่อ", among comments from fans who like it, such as Yum Hua Hua, when I see the news, honestly, think of my brother, 555 is very brutal, the legend of wearing high heels is already made55555. Don't worry, I'm sorry, 55555 10 10 10, I'm pouring beer on him.5555 The real force is back. Real5555 etc.
Page Dangmount, a young singer B. Ambush registered lightning on Valentine's Day.|Jerk the albino glands of the netizens again. When the entertainment page became famous, I couldn't really stop the albino and posted a message to a good-sounding singer. Preparing to register on Valentine's Day, claiming to be an insider told by Page. I can't really stop the albino, I posted a short message saying, "Bisexual (inner circle) tells me slowly. The singer has a good voice. B. Ambush Registration Lightning This Valentine's Day Curry is not curry?"This event is not curry, I don't know, but what you know makes netizens flock to the comments to guess the name of the singer full of such as Bo Yi Widow, Bele Ka Kong, Each comment does not help the albino legs like Tru at all, Bele Huai Rai, Bow Sunita, Fuchsia?, Bele Airin, Answer in hint or ad, beer?
Joy Chuanchuen, not shy about cooking, took her daughter to sell smoked sweets at the temple. |They don't choose jobs, they don't get poor, and they work hard to make money. For Joy Chuanchuen, a famous comedian who has spent her free time in the entertainment industry to open a candy shop at the temple, Joy brought her daughter and husband to set up a smoke shop at a local temple. He posted a picture of himself taking his daughter. She opened a stall selling smoked sweets and wrote the caption, "During the livelihood, do not choose a lot of work, not poor, wig work, temple work, organizing work, finding a mother#อย่าหมิ่นงานน้อยอย่าคอยวาสนา #จอยชวนชื่น My Iron Woman#วัดสุทธิสะอาด The first night passed. The 2nd night is coming #ขนมควันทะลัก"Finished 1 night with #วัดสุทธิสะอาด, took my daughter as a merchant, so you will know that money is not easy to earn, than to get money, must first with sweat and physical effort, #จอยชวนชื่น #น้ําหวานชวนชื่น #กรกฏม่วงงาม 3 parents and children, 2 days left. FANS WHO FOLLOWED APPRECIATED THE FAMILY'S DILIGENCE.
rosemary Consult a lawyer to prepare a report. The latter had a headline page taking the child as a beggar.|After former singer Rosemary Kahanding posted a clipped message about his life being his personal Facebook page. At the end of 2021, social media was sympathetic to the singer's fate. Before he clarified that the post was due to a lot of stress. There is a burden of responsibility, mood swings from depression, which causes misunderstandings, which the singer does not think will become news, but there is no news page. He posted a picture of Rosemary and wrote the headline: "Revealing the life of 'Rosemary Kahanding', a former '90s singer who had no money to buy rice, sell everything, take her children as beggars." This work made the former singer unbearable. CONSULT A LAWYER TO PREPARE A REPORT AND SPONSORED BY ROSEMARY. He posted a photo of the headline and wrote, "I'm talking to someone who knows about the law and consulting a lawyer about what to do with these people, both the posters and the people who share it. Do not accept baskets, ask for cash as well. Etc.
Bele Pathumraj Prepare to hire a bodyguard to take care of the stage. Just see the name and book the temple.|It's a mix of singers and artists. After Eh Jirakorn was physically attacked by a man. While singing on stage. Pathumrat The popular singer even posted a message stating that he and Kong Huai Rai had already talked. Next, it may be necessary to hire boxing elites such as Buakhao Commandamek and Saenchai as bodyguards in front of the stage to prevent problems from the beginning. For events on stage, including being snatched from the mic. I was thrown in the face and even punched on stage. This is a profession that we must be happy on stage. To give happiness to those below. If that's what it gives, it's not too much. We're just honored, and we can give you back as well in the latest news. Let me cheer you on. And me and Brother Kong. To prevent problems from the beginning, I hired a bodyguard. THESE TWO PEOPLE GO TO EVERY CONCERT STAGE", ALONG WITH POSTING A PICTURE OF BUA KHAO AND SAENCHAISPONSORED THIS EVENT, CAUSING FANS WHO FOLLOWED TO COMMENT A LOT AND TEASE EACH OTHER IN A ROW, SAYING THAT JUST BUA KHAO BROTHER HAS PARKED, SEE BROTHER SAENCHAI + GO IN AGAIN, DOUBT WILL WAKE UP AT THE TEMPLE, THE BODYGUARD FEE IS MORE EXPENSIVE THAN THE SINGER'S FEE, YOU HIRED TWO OF THEM. Bananas, sugarcane, come to you guys in front of the stage, the cost of the card is more expensive than the cost of the hired person. It's worth it, the white lotus fee per fight is 3-4 million. 
"Oat-Ratthir" kisses and drinks "Grace-Patcharsita" confesses his love for the fish vendor in "True Love Zap Many".|Finally, it's time to serve the sweetness of the duo. "Oat Ratthir Worrojyothin" with the sharp-faced heroine "Grace Patcharsita Adhiananthasak" In the romantic-comedy drama "True Love Zap Many" of the "Video Star" camp, which is enjoying every scene in every episode, especially lately, the couple begins to have a heart for each other, but they are both stubborn. At this event, young Oats asked to gather courage, take a course to break raw, stop being afraid of fish, in order to conquer the hearts of the most delicious fish vendors like Grace. THIS IS THE SCENE WHERE POKIN (OOT-RATHTHIR) Take a broken course, stop being afraid of fish, invest in being tied up, hands tied, feet closed, eyes closed, in a PPE suit. Piya (Pim-Ansorn) Turn on the blindfold and turn on the TV for Pokin to take a closer look at the process of making fish. Pokin tried to look at it, but he couldn't, trying to avoid it. Piya grabbed her face and looked back, unable to stand it. Piya took the water and splashed it, called consciousness, and started over. This time, watch Chan (Grace-Patcharsita) bring the real fish to Pokin to see and sniff in front of him. This time, I fell on my back and I had to take it out to rest. When Pokin revived the moon, telling him to give up this intention, it was unlikely to succeed. Pokin said he wouldn't let him fight. Chomchan asks why he did it, so Pokin confesses that he did it for the moon because he loves watching the moon. I don't think Bhokin would do this, so he kisses Bhokin as a reward, before hugging and kissing and sucking behind the scenes of Oats and Grace being so sweet. I can tell you that I was both in tears and my jaws were hanging. Sert-Thongsit Sodakot Director, let's put it all together. Talk to Grace about whether this scene can be played with real kisses, dare to ask Grace, dare the director even applaud the fondness in the spirit of grace girls. Proving Oat's true love, who gives up his best, plays by himself, hurts himself, and breaks raw, stops being afraid of fish, Oats has to wear a PPE suit. Face covering, hands tied to feet, chairs in the fish house, with a rather hot atmosphere, although sweat will flood the body, but the heart fights more than a hundred. Pim turned on the TV to watch how the fish was made on the screen. I tried to resist, but I couldn't faint, so I splashed some water. When he recovered, it was Grace's turn to show Oat the fish and sniff it in front of him, Oat tried to hold his breath and gritted his teeth, but failed because Oat fainted and left her face up, until Grace had to take her out to rest and it was time for the sweet show. After they've made an appointment, it's time to serve the sweetness. Grace tells Oats to stop making herself scared. Oats sounded stiff, and his face determined to say no. Grace asks why, Oats confesses that she loves Grace, and Grace stands in shock, Oats gently holds Grace's hand and stands staring into each other's eyes. In a trance of love, Grace leaned forward and kissed her lips gently before withdrawing her lips. Oats hurriedly gathered Grace and kissed Grace suckingly, the kind called sugar still had to call her brother after the director got the perfect picture, immediately ordered a cut, with a standing ovation and admiration for their spirit. Very well played. I'm sure you'll smile along with them. Don't miss out! In the drama "True Love Zap Many" aired on Wednesday, February 8, 2023 at 6.45 pm on Channel 7HD, dial 35. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Harry Stiles wins album of the year, Beyoncé sweeps 4 Grammy Awards 2023|It's finished for the world's biggest awards show. The 65th Grammy Awards 2023 will be held on the evening of February 5, 2023 or the morning of February 6, 2023. At Crypto.com Arena, Los Angeles, USA, hosted by The Recording Academy, U.S. Academy of Recording Arts, Trevor Noah won four awards for "Renaissance", Best dance/electronic album for "Renaissance", Best R&B song for "Cuff It", Best dance/electronic recording for "Break My Soul", Best R&B song for "Plastic Off the Sofa". Over the past decade, it has won over 32 awards for hot young singer, Harry Styles, won best pop vocal album and album of the year, the biggest award, and both awards for their latest album "Harry's House". In addition, five more awards were announced: Songwriter of the Year (Non-Classical), Best Alternative Music Performance, Best SoundScore Track For Video Games and Other Interactive Media, and Best Score Score For Video Games and Other Interactive Media. The Best Spoken Word Poetry Album, Special Merit Award: Best Song For Social Change combined brings this year's total to 91 awards.
"Netflix" multi-phenomenon "Bird Thongchai" feathers 32 concerts with a bang. Streaming February 18|For the first time in the multi-bird phenomenon, Netflix and GMM Grammy brought the concert of legendary Thai artist "Bird–Thongchai McIntyre" to the streaming screen for the first time. From the reel era to today's streaming, it's been over 36 years since the number one artist of all time, "The Greatest Artist". Pee Bird has created smiles and happiness through 32 quality concerts from various collections such as "Bird Bird", "Feathers and Flowers", "Album Opening Concert" such as Volunteer Fun. Oh my love or "Singing Bird" 1st and 2nd editions will remain imprinted in the memory of fans from generation to generation. Also, the concert of Bird-Thongchai. It has also created a phenomenon in the Thai concert industry. Whether it's a bird bird show. The 5th with 29 performances or bird bird shows. The 9th edition saw a maximum of 120,000 ticket buyers, including concerts. Fans have pushed the sales of this concert record to more than 1 million copies, reinforcing the "legend" that has delighted music fans of all ages. Who has been to every concert? Who hasn't had a chance to watch a show yet, or who still keeps a DVD but doesn't have a chance to open it? Prepare to go back in time and experience those memorable moments again. Be amazed by the spectacular show Enjoy memorable masterpieces and dance with special guests. In multibird universal concerts, Brother Bird First and only from February 18th on Netflix only!SPONSORED
Nag Charlie Stop selling jokes, change your look. The crowd finally used their handsomeness. |I have to say that for a long time I will see the handsomeness of young Nag Charlie Trairat full of carabel because in the past I often saw Nag in the corner of the joke sale so often that I can hardly remember that I used to be a hero of a hundred million movies before. Recently, Nag posted a picture of herself in a cool pink suit to shoot an advertisement for the event, which attracted a lot of fans who followed her, stomping their likes and sending hearts out to each other and commenting a lot. For example, finally use handsomeness as 555555, stay this condition for a little longer 5555, God created handsomeness for him but he just used it today, acting normally is a famous soupstar, IG Charlie has been hacked, fake indeed, wants to be like this for a long time, handsome, what to wear....it's handsome Put it again, handsome work hires him a lot. Fans want to see this condition a little bit further, this is not normal, yes. DO GOOD, HANDSOME LIKE A DEAD COW, A FALLEN BUFFALO (CAN IT STAY IN THIS STATE?), HE IS HANDSOME BUT STRANGE, ETC.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
"Tong Tong" Down! Preparing to open the wig as the hero Lige, proud to buy the first house in his life.|Wade MegMoney Young hero Tongtong – Krisakorn Kanokthorn spinning to work for 7 full days Buying an 8-figure house for your mother and opening up about playing the role of Lige, who she says is the best part of her life, meets Tong Tong at the "One Phenomenon 2023" at the Ballroom, 4th floor, Conrad Hotel, Bangkok. And most importantly, I'm very proud that I just bought a house (smiling) as the first house in my life, which I have intended since I was a kid before entering the industry. I want to have a house for my mom and now I'm going to see the house"So I have to churn out extra money? You can do it all. As for the condo, it's already been released. For a house that is bought, the price is quite high, 8 digits, it has to be a mortgage, it is the house of the project, and then we have to decorate again. "Basically, my mom told me, I've been in the industry since the beginning. I have a house today and I want to show my mom the first house, and she'll see me in the first place." "Yes, I think I've dedicated my house now, I've never had any debts, I've never paid anything off. This is the first installment in my life. Now that the house is setting up a pole, I think the end of the year should be finished."SPONSORED is our strong water? We started out as nothing, and nowadays we can start paying off our homes. I think the people behind me would be proud. My mother was happy, but I was afraid she wouldn't come because she was in a different province. He talked to the side of the house, rode a motorcycle, and then he had to come to Bangkok and live in the village. I don't know if he'll be as happy as he is at home. But I think when the house is finished, my mother should come, but I will stay for a long time, I'm not sure"Look to the future for this house? "Looking far, I have to find a lot more to do, I have many projects this year, there are also products, I think soon I am in production, I am selling shirts, working outside of many things as well. "It's exhausting, it's exhausting, but there's still a burden. If you need encouragement, call your mother. "For the first time in my life, I have to say that I have never been in my head, I was born 27 years old, I don't have the word Ligé in my head. I even had to talk to the adults about whether my brother was a good fit. I was afraid that I wouldn't do well. When I went to bed and looked back at myself, I felt like I had tried it once in my life. It's very challenging. I'm going to do my best. I want to know what it's going to be like, I'm afraid I'm not going to do well. At first I thought it wasn't that hard, but when I read the script, I talked to the director because there were quite a lot of singing and dancing in the script. When I went to school, it made me realize that it was difficult. I studied very hard. "Yes, but I didn't expect anything, because I didn't start with it. No matter how damned. I'm going to keep learning and practicing because at least once in a lifetime I didn't think I'd be able to do it and try it, I want to do it, and I want to do it to the best of my life." All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
"The Sun" Open your heart to talk about "sugar" alone. Raised as a special special person. No, the women brushed off the response.|There's news of a relationship. Channel 8 actor "Tawan – Nawinwich" was caught in a relationship with the girl "Sugar - Chalita charm", to which Sugar replied shyly about his heart admitting to being close to "Tawan", but let's focus on work rather than love. So, what is our relationship like? "Let's use the word special person, we're special people, we've been talking for a while, and for a few years, we've been honoring him in a relationship because everyone has to work in the industry." "We work in the entertainment industry, plus we don't see each other like before, like during COVID, it took a long time because of COVID and we continued to work, maybe with time." "I feel like normally we're not excited or paranoid because we're in touch with each other, we're in touch sincerely, if there's any good or bad news, we talk all the time about it, but if anyone asks, we can explain it to them." "We didn't talk about the duration because we started out not flirting, we started out as friends and went to activities together, so we didn't have a plan for what kind of time it would be now." "I'm talking alone," he said in an interview. "We had the opportunity to see the news and didn't feel anything because the two of us were already in touch and we watched the response to the question or how he felt about us." "We both don't have anyone to ask to be a boyfriend right now, we're in a relationship that feels so good, like we've forgotten the word we need to be boyfriend." Can we think about consulting with each other or make a collective decision that we want to do this together? We want to go around together. Dinner or dinner together, it's a special day," then we understood that we were both not going to have anyone? "We haven't asked him about it yet, we talk about everything, we understand everything, there's a problem to solve, like work, if we don't show up or there's a problem, he gives us advice on how to do this." "For us, it's not bad and it's not embarrassing because we're in the modern era. If one day everything fits perfectly, there's nothing to say about it either.", "Well, I don't think he's answering the question that we're both dating? But we use the term when we're doing activities together or together, it's more than happy to listen to the feedback from people outside. "Yes, we told him that he was a little underwhelmed, and he would tell us that he was going to eat and go on a trip, which was especially heartwarming because we and he had always taken good care of each other. When we have a crisis, he's on our side. It's a very good special day"Have you ever had a picture of him as a fan in your head?", we can't imagine that. It's like when it starts to grow, we get shy. Because we didn't say if we were going to be fans. We don't have a more emotional relationship with him, maybe not even the word." "I forgot to think about it too, so I have to go back and ask if it's time right and everything is ok, maybe there's that moment, which we never asked, he never spoke directly to him because he's still shy about talking to him, but if you go back to this round, you'll have to ask."
Page dunked, the singer smelled of sapodilla. Make a squeak at the team.|It immediately became a strong issue that made albino legs want to know. When the entertainment page is loud Jemoy 108 posted strongly about a singer who went to work and smelled of a buzzing sapodilla. Make a big guess about who the singer is by Page. Je Moy 108 posted a message saying, "I was born a famous singer who is famous by himself, but should have a little manners, not go to work and smell bad enough, still acting like a stoic person, maybe not in the industry for a long time, good people, with love#อิพิมเมียทนายเจมส์. But some people say that if it's someone who really thinks about it. He's just teasing with the team, like he's wearing a body or he's just teasing with the team. The person playing with him still doesn't hold, but the person is not involved in carrying anything to mess with him. He doesn't play with it, it smells like he's a fan. The singer dances, eats, dances, eats in front of the stage. He has to do it, he has to please the fans first. As for the sketching on the team, is this a tease? After the event, I'll apologize. He's got to do some work like this. I can't accuse him of spying on me. The goo are not related, good luck#อิพิมเมียสาธารณะ Etc. young comedian side Tukki Sudarat commented, "How did you get out of here? This #อ๋อ singer thinks it's funny", before Jemoy 108 replied, "I know mom knows 55555555555555"SPONSORED
"Indie-Gypsy" orbits the pair for the first time. Open a battle to reclaim resentment. The drama "Lost in the Shadows" begins Feb. 15.|Get ready to splash fun, intense, and ready to launch a battle to reclaim resentment in a way that is heartbreaking through the screen, fiercely slashing each other with all the power for the drama "Lost in the Shadow" on PPTV. HD Channel 36 of the drama presenter Kukrit Chanthima, who transports both young and talented actors, to clash with each other with chili to ginger. What's going to happen? When hatred becomes resentment, destroy everything. Led by Indy-Intouch Liaorakwong, Gypsy - Kirti Mahapruekpong, Bee- Theerapong Liaorakwong, Pim - Pimpan Chalainkupt, Me - Phisamai Wilaisak, Jam - Charatha Imraporn, Billy - Pattarachann On-clean, Pop - Supasit Chinwinijkul, Watermelon - Pongpisut Light skin, Chalit Fueng temperament, Pee-Thaweerit And many other talented actors. The work of the director "Ton Chanond Somrit "SPONSORED" is the story of Sun (Indie - Intouch Liaorakwong). A young man who grew up with the resentment of Srichan (Pim - Pimpan Chalainkupt), a mother who instills that he is a child that no one wants. Just because he is the child of a servant wife in the "Diamond Meka family". The owner of a giant jewelry business. He is the eldest heir of the family and is entitled to that great fortune, but he has to live with his mother and eyes with difficulty. Because Sun is a good-looking young man with an attractiveness to those who see him, he uses this advantage to push him into the Diamond Meka family with long-accumulated resentment. He gradually plays family work, starting with taking Yang's fiancée (Phatra Chatborirak) and trying to unfold Fu (Pop - Supasit) in the past. Chinwinijkul) The hottest hero is "gay" and slanders his father, Atong (Bee - Theerapong Liaorakwong), for running a bootleg diamond business until the family's reputation deteriorates, causing the company Kordula James to fall into Sun's hands, and Sun follows Srichand's dream. By bringing her to be the master in the house of the Diamond family, Meka was satisfied. All the actions of the last Sun are only water (Gypsy - Kirti Mahapruekpong). His best friend who always tries to dissuade and remind him, but it doesn't work because he has been overwhelmed by the shadow of his mother all his life. We try to convey to the parenting that we can get him to go in any direction. If we put good things in him, grow up, the child will be good as well. But what if we don't behave well? Pim (Pimpan Chalainkupt) as Sri Chan, who will represent the mother's side, Indy (Intouch Liaorakwong) as Sun, who will represent the child's side. It's called a dharma drama, and I want to say, "What can I do?" Before doing this drama, we had a very intensive workshop and all the actors were very cooperative, so we became closer faster and had good access to theatrical roles. Everyone is constantly developing the show and we feel like we don't want the drama to end off camera because the actors are in place and going very well. Fans will be able to see the men's side of things, especially Sun, who says that Indy is an actor who has a very deep approach to the role in every scene and gives us goosebumps in every scene. Tears can be called unbelievable that Indy could cry so much, and all the other actors were so full and so well played. We believe that with the skill of the actors and the intense story, it should make the fans sit back and win with all the characters. The drama "Lost in the Shadows" is available every Wednesday-Thursday 21.45 am on PPTV. HD Channel 36 begins its first episode on Wednesday, February 15, and will be available live online on www.pptvhd36.com and can be watched in the first episode at TrueID. Watch for free on all networks through 3 channels including application, web and True ID TV box and update after the drama airs every Wednesday-Thursday. At 11:50 p.m., experience the endless world of entertainment at True ID in one place. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Fans are shocked when Ad Carabao is taken to the stage while playing a concert (video)|It came as a huge shock to music fans. After yesterday (February 6, 2023), a user of TikTok application posted a clip of a full-fledged carabao concert that the host hired to perform at the Monastic Nak celebration. When the artist Aunt Ad Carabao was suddenly taken off the stage. While the band Carabao was performing, When Ad Carabao sang for a while, it collapsed in the middle of the stage. Before stopping to sing, a card grabbed both arms and walked off the stage, much to the amazement of those in attendance, what happened after the post was published. Many people asked about the cause, to which the poster replied, "I'm sick, I'm playing a 2-hour concert until the last song. The card must be returned immediately before the last 5 songs. "Recently, Ad Carabao recorded a short clip posted on the CaraBao Official page, recounting the incident, saying, "Last night my food was poisoned, I ate hamburgers and it had pickled cucumbers. Oh, I almost died, but tonight was gone. DEFINITELY SEE YOU, BROTHERS AND SISTERS."
kwang fahrung Pinky Savika's personality changes after leaving prison |After actress Pinky Savika Chaidej was released from prison, her lawyer filed a petition with the Criminal Court for a cheque amounting to 5 million baht. After more than 3 months in prison for the Forex-3D chain-sharing case, on January 31, 2023, Pinkie and her lawyers came to court and filed a complaint with the court. The court granted permission to release EM bracelets due to the ease of receiving the show, before on February 2, Pinkie appeared in front of the official media for the first time to attend the latest film Kumar Kwang Fahrung. Pinky Savika's best friend, who has been dating for more than 10 years, has spoken out about her friend. After leaving prison, saying that Pinkie has changed into another person, pinky is cute or good, so we are confident to reveal and be by his side?"Pinkie has been friends for over 10 years, we have been through events together, whether it is suffering or happiness. He always niced us and he supported us. When we were in distress, he talked to us. When we're happy, we share, it's a long-lasting relationship." Are we fully supportive of our friends?", he said. Good friends, we're soulful friends. Happy events, we were together, but the word friends really was when they were together was the most miserable time, and the deer chose to do that"SPONSOREDbefore the deer decided to post a message, at that time the deer thought about what kind of trend we would be hit with, and believed that the deer knew that they had to be hit by the tour, but the deer chose to do that, why?"Yes, the deer looked at relationships as the No. 1, and then we had a family, we had children. We are very aware of love and relationships. When the people close to us, we all have happiness together, and then the person next to us. He's suffering, why do we have to think about the other side? The deer feel that the most important thing is our family first. That's very important, which means deer don't think about themselves if we're afraid of anything." Stressed because of the tour or because of pity for a friend?"Pity the friend, it is quite shocking, before anything comes to the house, 2 days, he will come to play with Arya"Before going to court, right?"Yes, come to play at home, happy together, when the news comes, at first the deer thinks that fake news or not, but when we come to see it, it is very stressful, and then there is all the news, find out the truth about what it is, we go to court too, we know that it may not get any answers, but how to do it for us to know what happened"Have a chance to ask you?", if it is not already discussed, because it happened all at the same time that everyone knows"But when it happened, the court allowed only 10 people to visit. Deer is the only person in the entertainment industry who has the opportunity to visit her. How do you feel about deer?", at first we knew if we could visit or not, it took time, we had to write a list, and we thought, "You have to write our name down," the person who wrote it was the person inside, right?" People outside can't be informed. It must be the person inside that he can choose to meet. It's not about whether we're the only ones or not. We just feel like we're going to do something to cheer up our friends and deal with this change that's happened to his life." What did he say? "Most of the time it's more encouraging, that everything is going well, and that we're taking care of the support of our friends, because they know that when we meet, they'll leave a message and send a letter. THERE IS A PICTURE ATTACHED TO HIM BECAUSE WE CAN SEND IT TO HIM SPONSORED AND TELL HIM WHAT IT IS LIKE. But most of the time we listen more because the person who is in distress wants to talk, wants to vent, just meets our face, he feels that he has encouragement, and then one day only once we meet. The deer also said to him that Yu was focused on U first, but when he got there, he would be worried about others. How's the job going? Then he talked about the state of affairs that was going on inside. "While I'm worried about other people, I'm still suffering, but what I'm most concerned about is wanting the deer to contact the work that we're holding, especially those who are presenters. It's like we're done shooting and getting paid, but it's like you want to return that money. Because he can't work for him. Is that true?" He was always worried about others. That's his hallmark. He never thought of himself. He kept himself throughout. When you do something to make others happy. So what happened, he felt that he couldn't do his job here, so he was willing to give it back. He was always worried about others. What can he do to support others, he will do. Even though he was in there, sometimes we listened to us feel that, oh, it's another situation that knows that even he's already there. He's still like that, which if it's a lot of people, probably doesn't feel like having to do it," as recently as news broke that someone was pretending to be Pinky's manager and had already paid for Pinky's presenter. Did the deer get a chance to know about this?", according to the news, as I said from the time of the time, Pinkie was the one who did it herself, taking care of herself all the time. Whether it's live, getting a job. This one he will take care of himself, but there is his assistant, this one is a passive assistant. So he's always taken care of himself,"In fact, Pinkie doesn't have a personal manager?"As far as I can see, he's always taken care of himself,"That way he gave money, but the money didn't reach him?", the deer wasn't sure, it was his story, but I think as we know"The deer talked to Pinkie personally?". But we didn't touch much, because it was about him, that he had to deal with this, but as I said, he saw that everything he did on his own. "The first time we heard he was going to come out. How do we feel?", crying because every time we go we use power, it's like someone who's on our side and suffering. How do we make us happy? At that time, the deer went abroad for a month and still missed it, and when the day came out, it felt good and happy. After he was temporarily released?", Pinkie, this is if he comes, he will do it by playing with his daughter, barely talking, he misses his grandchildren. He wanted to see Arya's face. He likes brightness. When it came to us knowing, maybe we didn't have to talk to each other. He came, he came to play with his grandchildren. Most of the time, it's more like "seeing pinkie herself when she came out with something noticeable?" Growing inside, thinking that what he found was another version, it was called an upgrade version. In the old days, we thought pinky was like this. Once it gets past that point, it changes. A better way of thinking We see a change here, we feel like it's a good change, "Are you crying?" The deer are outside, driving, sometimes thinking about him, pup, singing. Because there's so much to be friends with, we also look at ourselves as if we've done a good job as friends. "Another point where he cares a lot is what the people around him think of him?", he was already worried about what everyone would think of what it was like to be born. He's probably starting to understand that it's going to have to go on."
Accepted Bogie Lion, a real marriage registration Make a fan club uncomfortable.|In the event that the page rang, it posted a message that made netizens buzz. He said: "I'm bisexual (insider) telling me. The singer has a good voice. B. Ambush Registration Lightning This Valentine's Day Curry not curry?" among netizens linked to "Bogie Lion". The singer has a beautiful voice, and many people are waiting to see if it is true or not, after which Whattheduck posted a Facebook post stating, "Bowkylion singer registers, welcomes Valentine's Day! Looking forward to seeing the statement together today at 7:00 p.m."The latest Bogie Lion girl made the announcement via her personal Instagram: "Bogie wants to announce that... Thank you to her for making you feel everything, because since having her by your side, I have never felt hungry anymore." Bogie Lion has clarified that. He admits that it's a good registration, but it's only promoting a platform that gathers popular restaurants. At this event, fans came forward to comment on the post a lot, such as, "I've been curryed.1 Congratulations are neat, almost heartbreaking, very big pot 55555555, You know, I'm hurt 555, I'm sorry," etc.SPONSOREDA post shared by @bowkylionSPONSORED
Nut Wisarut signs a will to give away ten billion treasures. Arya is gone.|Married for 7 years, the couple has been married and created a family together for 7 years, for the couple of soup'tar girl Chompoo Arya and her husband, businessman Dang Knot Wisarut Rangsi Singhpipat, until now there are 3 love witnesses together, Brother Lightning-Brother Storm and Brother Aegel. As the men followed their wives to the set of the show 3 Zap, one of the hosts, with sweet eyes overflowing with love last Feb. 4. Youngnot Wisarut has opened a manufacturing plant and distribution of a full range of electrical cables worth ten billion under the brand "Youngnut Wisarut". "Weenay" at Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya The 3-zap show, which airs in the afternoon every Sunday, has opened up about the billion-dollar business. Both the factory produces and distributes a full range of electrical cables. He started his own business about six years ago with a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Australia, a master's degree in business from England, and another master's degree at Sasin Graduate Institute of Business Administration at Chulalongkorn University. "Now a will has been written to give all the assets to my beloved wife, and I know, keep it in a safe. The will is very short. If I was anything, everything was given to "Pink Arya", everything that belonged to me was undisputed, I would teach him that if I was supposed to travel or something suddenly happened, I wouldn't be able to do it. He and his 3 children will be comfortable because for 7 years they have been living together and he is a good wife.
The world is watching My Proud partying with the world's youngest billionaire.|Loud and far, opening the door to a world-class runway. It has created a lot of pride in the Thai entertainment industry. For a handsome, smiling, charming, my, proud, umbrella saithong. A rising star from KinnPorsche The Series that has become Thailand's soft power. Pushing the Y series to the international market to know the reputation of Thai actors successfully with the bang and chopping of Young Mai, who has appeared in the world's famous media. Join The Dior Winter Fashion Show 2023 in Paris France said it received a better response than expected. From the fashion media and inter-shutter photographers, eye-catching in the handsomeness, it is considered a flight to the show. Dior Winter 2023 Young My informed according to the regulations. In addition to getting international media attention, there are also international fans cheering in front of the fashion show. Young Mai also posted a picture of a hangout with a world celebrity. Partying with celeb Gustav Magnar Whitsaw A handsome Norwegian billionaire, the youngest richest father in the world. Ranked as the Top 3 Billionaire, the heir to the world's largest salmon farm, it was a big surprise to see. YOUNG MAI HITS THE SHOULDERS OF THE WORLD'S CELEBRITIES.SPONSORED
Bel Busaya Daughter Banyin 6 months old love breakup, why not end it?|At the end of last year, it attracted many people's attention. Daughter of Lt. Col. Banyin Tangpakorn Launch of handsome girl, new boyfriend That's why Bale moved on quickly because he recently broke up with his ex-girlfriend View on TikTok, shortly before recording a video explaining why they broke up and confirming that they never had a third hand recently (Feb. 6, 2023). He wrote in the caption, "Let me clarify for the last time and I won't say it anymore. I don't understand, I can always read it. We've been dating. We've always been together. Why did the other change?? Why silence?? Why not the same?? Why sit in the bathroom for so long??we insist we never have anyone else! We've always kept our feelings going, trying to give them a chance, but it didn't get any better. Why would people who are next to each other but like they are in different worlds get together?? THE DAY WE DECIDED TO REALLY CUT IT OFF WAS THE DAY WE WENT TO HEAVEN ALONE, SPONSORED, ON THE WAY BACK, WE CALLED TO TELL HER THAT WE WEREN'T THE SAME. We weren't okay, she was crying, we came home, but we weren't the same anymore. We never cheated. Until the day we can't move anymore, we really just want to break up with you#หัดมองการกระทําตัวเองบ้าง Before blaming others.." There's also a message that he wrote explaining the whole thing: "Do anything like that. So far we've gone, you're still talking about the same thing. We're not there anymore. We don't need to explain, we've said it many times. Why don't you understand or disagree? We don't waste time explaining to anyone who is prejudiced or doesn't try to listen to us. We don't want to mess around, we don't talk about it because we don't want anything. We break up with anyone, we always have a reason, we think we're very fair and manly. Tell us someone else will be happy the last time I speak. Before we were like this, we thought for months and months, otherwise it wouldn't be easy to cut that, of course. No kindness, selfishness, always being exploited. When we're together, let us go alone. We didn't have a bad boyfriend, so we tried to pull ourselves out. We spoke to the other person first and wow. We weren't okay with why we weren't the same, she knew, she was crying at home, but we blamed it at that time, our hearts weren't the same. We've been crying in the bathroom for 6 months and it should be enough. We're so tired of that relationship, it's our boyfriends, we don't know anything, or we don't care, we don't know the people together, don't we? What's wrong with him, or doesn't care, we can feel it all. We're not stupid, we're meant to quit. But we still couldn't. We figured out how to pull us out. Because we were fighting to quit a lot, but she cried and hugged us. We were sympathetic, we still couldn't do it at the time, but now it's been 6 months, I don't know why, but the other person still can't talk about it endlessly. Who's in good condition? Think of it, think no one, he wants a selfish person. Altruism has an advantage. I don't care, I don't care about being a fan. Because we can't really live with it, we want to be with someone we're comfortable with rather than someone who says something to ourselves. We know best, what we do. Why do we have a reason? I'm sorry to offend you. Because it's been a long time coming. We can do it like you, but we don't. He couldn't do it. At least it used to be good, but what I did was understand, and blame him. It's all self-inflicted. But when other people say bully themselves, life unfolds. Where are the good people? Kindergarten children also look out. Edit the clip. We don't want to mess with people who think badly of us. When we live about what it says. Tell us, where did the entertainment industry go, until today it's not over yet. No one cares about Mung and Gu. It's just a matter of 2 people, don't bring anyone in, it doesn't really know about other people. GU ALSO SAID NOT TO BE BUSY AT ALL. Gu hasn't been like that yet. Because Gu doesn't have to be a mung, Gu doesn't like it, Gu doesn't mess around. Quit dating. This is Gu, not a ridiculous act like a waste of life. What do we do, what do you do, we never want to know, because we don't really care. But this is a scolding of our sales, even though I don't know anything about it. Deliberately misleading people This one that we feel too low, who will scold you guys? We just say that we don't hate him, but it's not necessary for us to destroy him. At least once it felt good. Even if we can't move on, we don't want to curse it, swear. And this is enough. That's it. People don't man, anyone. Others should look out for what you guys do. If anyone looks into it and agrees, it's good. The logic has to be broken, the person who typed it says it's very ugly, I can't accept that your actions, it tells you all, we don't have to do anything, we still feel that we can still be in his brain all the time. Thank you for talking to people, because if you don't talk about gu. A post shared by ⚡️Youtube : BELLEBUSSAYA (@bellebussaya)
Tide Ekpan unfolds on the dark side A famous foundation volunteer drove a car carrying methamphetamine, slapping property from the injured.|After Tide Ekaphan Banluerit had a news story to take his daughter to the hotel. In order to report after being tricked into buying tickets for a Korean artist's concert, the show "Celebrities Clear" on Channel 8 did not delay. I invite my father to open up and clear up the public's suspicions that the Rescue Foundation in Thailand is using a drug truck and stealing the injured person from the accident for money. I'm worried about my grandchildren, have you seen each other since I was little?" He just said he wanted to see this concert. What band, I don't know. I don't know. About celebrities and artists from abroad who come in, usually Korean. I don't know much about what the band is, but he said he wanted to see it. I showed him Blackpink. When I finished watching it, he wanted to watch the band again, so I told Mulan. My dad didn't support me anymore, but he actually said I wanted to watch this band the most."SPONSORED, so why don't you support me? "No, this band was playing exactly with Blackpink, so I had to choose, but now I can press 2 blackpink cards, but that band still doesn't know about it, he came to the awards, he didn't know. This is over, but I said it's April 1st. This band will be playing again. I asked to see it, so I told him that my dad wouldn't give me money, I wouldn't give him money. I need my own money, he said, okay, I'll use my own money. Dad allowed it, but it was a while since the first day of the press conference in the afternoon, and I called and cried. My dad was deceived. He took all my money, and I asked him why he was crying. He left people to press the concert tickets to "Who's Deposited?", I don't know. I don't know, but there's a platform to put in his application, I don't know, and then he'll have his profile, there'll be a review that he can press his Blackpink card. Because he seems to be a trustworthy person, he said that he asked for a press fee of 200 baht, Mulan is ok, he will see it, but the total ticket fee of 6,800 baht is 7,000 baht. Mulan dared to transfer money to him"Mulan, he lost 7,000 alone, or he also lost a friend?", there was a friend of him for 7,000 baht. The group line that this person set up. Who will buy or hire him? Set up a group line, so it's all hundreds,"Oh, die, good income?", in millions. It's the person he wants to watch, how much money he wants to watch, but he doesn't know that there are these types of people. The child's innocence still doesn't understand the tricks of trade, "And did you take him to the hotel?" That evening he came and told us in the afternoon, "Why make a big deal out of small things? In the child's eyes, would it be thought that the father took the child and nailed it?", before I took him. I have to explain to him that 7,000 baht is a lot for children. For dad, it's okay, but I took it to the lodge to give a reminder. Every parent who has a child at a concert or an artist, and then there are a lot of scammers who will come to scam money, want it to be a little more actionable, let the news flutter to let people know that there is this group, to get the wrong person to be punished, and also to warn the parents to warn their children that they will transfer money to someone at a time. Like this It's not about you transferring it, it's over," everyone knows, both Top-And-Tide and Tide have worked for the grateful community, working together until it's huge. He said that he was a VIP, could he drive the foundation's good car?", "No, not at all. The Grateful Dead Foundation's car wasn't used at all. The car that My Brother and I were driving was the work of Mr. Binta. Banluerit, who is a brand presenter, is a top brother, he is a presenter, but he does not take money, asks for a car for the foundation. Did he sacrifice? HE DOESN'T TAKE ANY MONEY"SPONSORED WHEN THERE WAS AN ACCIDENT, ANYTHING WAS A LOUD SIREN. Did he rush to collect the corpse or go slap the property?", it was both (laughs). It's a big slap right now. There are a lot of complaints in the foundation. Now the SSP Ministry of Public Health He will have a portion of the money for the ACT, who has caused various accidents and can be sent to any hospital. He'll have a reserve for the government, a little hurt, a little pain. There is a reserve fund to pay for everyone, so it is possible to benefit from this money for those who are injured. The dead are irrelevant. The dead don't care, the dead don't take it, they know that there was a car crash, there were 4 dead bodies, it didn't run, but there will be employees like Wraith. But if 3-4 people are injured, it has already been contested by 10 cars, 20 cars, pressed together to benefit from one of the injured people in a hospital that I know from the private sector. Government hospitals do not pay. Not available, but one private person at least 1,500-2,000 baht must have, but if the admit is perhaps a lot, is to blame him, he cannot blame the hospital, because he has to compete to get people hurt. Why is there a division of money, but every second counts to the hurt person?", he said, it was right. But some of them don't look good and look good to the hurt ones. This bastard got in the car. Another foundation dragged down to get this car, because Vergu dragged it down. People don't get hurt. I'll go for it. I want my teacher to go with me at night, it's a tricky benefit to a lot of hurt people"Is it offensive in my opinion, or is it normal?", I think that at present the word volunteer, volunteering, it has some people doing it without expecting a return. There are some, but there are few, but in the past there were many, but they were dominated by the benefits." I think people really hurt should have 4-5 cases"Other than that, maybe as the professor said, why do you see so many people next to each other, or are they easy to buy each other?" He really has a rule: "Thieves can volunteer. Isn't he choosing this?", it's a way to make a living. Police have been sending letters about the sirens of foundations like ambulances, which are transport vehicles to deliver injured people without the agency's logo. Just put the sirens on. That's it, you can run and send the hurt person. Asked why there was a litter in the area, because the person who was hurting his relatives contacted the hospital. The hospital called him expensive. But the volunteer car that sent him called cheaper. You have to be right."
Eh Jirakorn cleared the knot, got punched in the face, afraid the party had a big back. I don't dare to go home|In the latest attack on the artist, singer Eh Jirakorn was punched in the middle of the stage. In the famous entertainment area Pathum Thani. The perpetrator has now surrendered. Admitting to being intoxicated, but it's a lesson, the card that takes care of the artist-star. There needs to be more rigor in the latest work. Eh Jirakorn has opened up on the show, but now that he has done a physical examination, it is not ok because our hearing level has decreased, eh: the incident that day was about midnight and a half, when he came to deliver a round of liquor to us, which we drank normally. After a while, he walked again with a glass and walked up to the stage. We seemed to be wrapping up with us, and the card came in and pulled him first, but he pushed the card and punched us, and 3 of his friends walked in and punched us and our bandmates in our corner, thinking that we weren't going to fight with anyone or have any enemies with anyone before. We spoke very politely that day. AT FIRST WE THOUGHT IT WAS PROBABLY BECAUSE HE WAS LOOKING FOR A GIRLFRIEND, BUT IN ONE CORNER IT WAS WHY HE INTENTIONALLY ATTACKED US AND INTENTIONALLY CAME TO THE CARD WITH SPONSORED: THIS IS THE SECOND TIME HE HAS COME TO EAT AT THE RESTAURANT. Which, in my personal opinion, we see it as more of a shop, because if you are going to claim to be looking for a girlfriend. His girlfriend didn't play in this round, which we have evidence in the LINE PR group, which doesn't sound right with what he's claiming, and from looking back at the surveillance cameras in the store, they don't have any fun interactions with the band. It's like waiting for a beat. He doesn't seem to be as drunk as he was in an interview with the media. If you claim to be drunk, it's impossible: he puts his fist in full, and after he finishes punching, he comes down to find his wife downstairs, the store manager: The card company admits full guilt that he was slow to control the perpetrator, which is not a regular card that comes to work at our shop. Where are we working, and we are afraid that he will be her children and grandchildren? At that time, we did not dare to go home, we asked to go to a friend's safe house. We couldn't sleep at all because when he left, the team that took us out and my friend followed. I don't think it's right because Card didn't dare to do it because there was a gun in the car. He walked in and out of one table: I personally wanted the restaurant to be strict about asking for cards to take care of the artists when invited to play at various events, and I thought one of the reasons might be an imitation of past events. Although the parties are now going to surrender to the police and raise their hands to apologize, but I do not dare to enter the house anyway, the aunt of the perpetrator said in an interview, "My grandchildren are good people, I don't think there is anything like this, but I don't think there is anything because someone will come out to help with this case." Eh Jirakorn will go to the police to not be a role model for imitation of people in society again, and I would like to raise the standard of work on the basis of humanity. Respect for each other Giving importance and kindness to one another I think it's more than happy to stand out. I want everyone to be sympathetic and respectful.
Patchar Anon is satisfied with the new face, sweet as gold drops, tells Yingsak still jealous.|After director Pachar Anon created a buzz last year by spending millions on a new overhaul of the 52-year-old in Korea. He revealed that his new face started to come into place after 6 months of surgery, which he revealed that he had received the news that he was going to fly to the face again? If the patient does not allow it, he cannot do it. When it's been 6 months and the doctor only sewed it in the middle, so it goes up, it's a physiognomy, if the nose is like this, the money will come out a lot. Surgery is not crazy, but love, we really have money to do it. They don't have any money. If they have money to go to the doctor before goo again, it's expensive, it's a million and then (tease the journalist)Many people are afraid? If you see a good doctor, it's good to go. If it breaks, it is difficult to solve, you have to choose the doctor who matches us. THE CELEBRITIES DO IT, NO ONE HIDES IT, DARE TO REVEAL IT ALL, B.E. HAS CHANGED, SPONSORED HOW MANY YEARS HAVE YOU REDUCED? When our faces fit perfectly, we are confident. At that time, the face was as brutal as the tiger, Khunphan chased Ah because he thought that it was a tiger, the face changed at all?Now it is very sad, walk anywhere, there is no one to tug anymore, go to the show, no one will take it because I don't know that it is Pach. It's good, we're like dead and reborn, so we'll live for a long time. He needs a new face behind the scenes. New director, but there are some people who remember. If you speak, people will recognize their voices more easily?, it feels better that people make mistakes and people don't recognize (laughs) because now go anywhere, you have to be careful with the camera, because everyone has prepared the camera alone, have done this, what else is left to do? Look at the neck (open the neck to see) is now slimming, so it's withering. But now I've gained 2 kilos and it's ok, I've lost 15 kilos, so it's withering, but now it's in place. But there are some people that doctors don't make, and many Thai doctors have stopped surgery because of the teacher (Yingsak) this is (laughs). Having trouble making a face? No, it hasn't changed that much, I'm so sorry I got a U.S. visa for 10 years, but it sucks. Because I had recently had surgery, my face became like a rat. But it's been 6 months, I need to calm down for about a year, it's been a while, I've been saying that my face looks like a tiger, and now I give myself a face like something? Master Yingsak, he has been jealous for a long time, think about how many seasons his face has changed. The main reasons why I changed myself, including losing weight, having facial surgery?, we have been living with our old face for more than 50 years, and then changing a little bit, because this year I don't want to tell you my age, it's a lot, and then it's healthier? Wear beautiful clothes, six packs are not fake, they are real.
Quick, eh, Mira, wins, deprives the minor. The court sentenced the parties to 8 years in prison without parole.|Make fans flock to like and comment when Er Mira Chonlawiralvanit posted a message on his personal Facebook page with the following message: "On February 7, 2023, the court sentenced him to 8 years in prison, #ช่วงเช้า in court... My wife and husband drove BM to the hearing, still not feeling or remorseful, smiling, laughing#ศาลพิพากษาออกมาแล้ว The defendant was found guilty under Section 319, imprisonment for 2 years, 4 krathongs, imprisonment for 8 years, compensation of 350,000 baht, no waiting for criminal action. And all those who reclaim justice for this woman. My mother, my grandparents, thank you from the heart, still believe that the law does not take the wrong side. Whoever commits karma takes it. #ฟ้ามีตา #คดีพรากผู้เยาว์"SPONSORED
Prajakchai Haithong Indie music store master sentenced to 8 years in prison without parole |It's made the fans buzz quite a bit. When Mr. Prajakchai Haithong The owner of a popular record label posted a message on his personal Facebook page. "#วงการเพลงอินดี้ต้องสูญเสียนายห้างคนหนึ่งไปติดคุก 8 years without parole and compensation for 3 thousand baht for minors (case of depriving minors of their pupils)"#อโหสิกรรมกันนะครับ Stubborn teacher In the case of depriving a minor, imprisonment for 8 years without parole, and compensation to the mother of three thousand baht." THE EVENT ALSO HAD A LOT OF FANS COMMENTING.SPONSORED
Long-time winner of "Ton-Achew" "Zen" debuts with a couple shots in the cold snow but sweet|"Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
Shocked by Asia, Lee Seung-gi announces wedding Idain has made girls heartbroken almost all over the world.|It's a huge fan buzz. Korean superstar Lee Seunggi, the hero of the series Mouse and Vagabond, posted a message on Instagram in which Lee Seunggi wrote his own handwriting to inform fans that he was about to attend a wedding with his girlfriend. Lee Dain on April 7, 2023, wrote, "Hello, I'm Lee Seung-gi, I think this is a very long writing. I decided to spend the rest of my life with Idain as a partner, not just a couple anymore, I asked her to marry, and she said yes. The wedding ceremony will be held on April 7. Now I have someone who is responsible for my whole life. I would like to share this good news with everyone myself. It's someone I want to be with forever. I want to share in my suffering without letting go of each other. Despite how difficult my life has been. I hope everyone will continue to support us in the future and that I will continue to live happily ever after. THANK YOU"SPONSORED FOR LEE SEUNG-GI AND IDA-IN'S ROMANCE, THE COUPLE STARTED DATING IN LATE 2020, STARTING FROM A GOOD FRIENDSHIP AND DEVELOPING INTO A LOVER, BEFORE THE MEN ANNOUNCED THAT THEY WERE DATING EDAIN IN MID-MAY 2021 AND ANNOUNCED THEIR MARRIAGE ON APRIL 7, 2023.
Teacher Paiboon reveals his feelings After learning of the verdict in the case of depriving a minor. The rabbit is not related (clip)|In the case of Ae Mira who posted a message on his personal Facebook page that he had won the case of depriving a minor, the court had already decided that Krupaiboon Saengduan was guilty of a criminal offense under Section 319, imprisonment for 8 years, compensation of 350,000 baht without parole. After coming out of court, he wrote a funny self-teasing message saying, "Ah, go buy the number for this installment, there are 8 genuine dealers, don't be stubborn #ใจเย็นๆเด้อครับพี่ๆนักข่าว"SPONSORED", before he livestreamed on Facebook thanking all the encouragement sent to him. Some comments that are disrespectful to others. Some of them are very scary. "Thank you for all the encouragement. Thank you for all the support, but I will only thank those who have given me encouragement. Ask why you didn't wait for a criminal trial, you have to consciously consume the news and go back and see what the issue is, who filed the lawsuit. What kind of lawsuit? The case is any form of fight, it is said to be in the judicial process, this case is not about rabbits. It's about my ex-man who came to sue me. It's not about rabbits at all, I've always tried to say it, but I'm a man. I can't talk about it personally. I'm going to say what it needs to say, and the rest is in accordance with the legal process. I saw a lot of brothers and sisters coming to cheer, thank you very much, everything took time. Everyone has a duty. The court is responsible for making decisions. No matter what kind of decision we make, we will go to the court of appeal. This is the first step, which I've never been the same, and it's the first court appearance in my life, and I still can't say anything. Wait for it to be finished until everything is final. How do you comment on that? What shouldn't be, it's not right, it's on you, like the words we say. The first person to hear it was us. So you'll get what you say, you comment on it. Not knowing how to honor others is a sign of ignorance, but some people are as strange as maturity. It's like having an education, but when you comment, it's scary. I can't read it, but I'm not saying that if you read the news or believe it or believe it, it's your right, but it's not cute to comment without opening your eyes, but thank you as before. IF YOU'RE HAPPY, COME ON."
Sun Ryu, a former 15-year-old star who disappeared Life is depressing, moneyless, homeless, familyless.|The Entertainment Day Facebook page posted a silhouette of the mysterious young man yesterday: "Who? From a '90s superstar to a homeless man eating and sleeping on the street," leaving a mysterious message for many to think about who he is? A lot of people are guessing. Trying to illuminate and open up who he is until he comes to say that the superstar of the 90s to the homeless is Young Ryu Sun, also known as Sun Ryu, a former hero who is very popular. Having to turn to selling second-hand items on the street", which Sun Ryu opened up, "I was accused of being crazy. It's not normal, 15 years is a storm of life. Personal life and lost happiness I have to sell my own things to want a new life. Have a new future, suffer from bipolar disorder Treated for 10 years, in and out of 5 hospitals, and used Dharma to heal until his condition improved"SPONSORED Back almost 30 years ago, Ryu entered the industry at the age of 14, became famous, became a favorite of girls all over the country with his bright appearance, sweet smile, and has also deposited many works, including dramas (high school bad age, freshie bad age), movies (303 Afraid, Dare, Vendetta, Kid Dane), music videos, magazine covers. Ryu, 44, has to say that his life is more than drama. When he worked as an actor, he was happy for his fans, who would have thought that one day he would decide to turn his back on the entertainment industry (having been out of the industry for 17 years) because he faced a storm of life problems. Not happy with work Because having to bear all the pressure, having unrequited love. Having problems within the family, having 3 children (2 men and 1 wife // 1 woman and second wife) was prevented from seeing children. FOLLOW THE IN-DEPTH INTERVIEW WITH SUN RYU IN THIS MUST-BE BOY ON WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2023 AT 12:30 P.M. ON CHANNEL 31.SPONSORED.
Drama summary: Ae Mira sues Teacher Paiboon for even winning the case of depriving a minor The court sentenced him to 8 years in prison.|It's an epic drama that has been ongoing for years. In the case of Krupaiboon Sangduan and his ex-wife Ae Mira. Chonwiralvanis who has a long-standing lawsuit- The beginning of the lawsuit between the ex-couple was caused by Ae Mira going on the show Zipline, saying that he had been dating Krupaiboon since he didn't have any money. Teacher Phaiboon got to know Bunny Pannipa and came back to talk about wanting to mold this child. Time passes. The couple went to work together more often and asked to continue to love rabbits, until finally, Aye couldn't stand it and asked for a divorce. As a result, the issue became highly criticized, even Ae Mira received a subpoena from her ex-husband. Teacher Phaiboon who sued for defamation by advertising As a result, a new wife. Bunny Pannipa defamed her reputation with damages of 1 million baht - Ae himself has decided to sue back Teacher Phaiboon eye-to-eye, tooth-for-tooth by filing a lawsuit in the case of depriving a minor and committing acts against a child under 15 years old, which is a criminal case. If I were to sue, I would have done it 3 years ago, but I think he's my father, so I don't want to have an affair. If he continues to give up, when he tells the truth, he believes that the truth will win everything. The lawsuit has been pending for years, and Er Mira recently posted a message saying the court had ruled against him. Convicted of depriving a minor The defendant was found guilty under Section 319, sentenced to 2 years in prison, 4 krathongs, 8 years imprisonment, and 350,000 baht in damages. Bunny Pannipa who is having lunch After coming out of court, he wrote a funny self-teasing message saying, "Ah, go buy the number for this installment, there are 8 real dealers, don't be stubborn #ใจเย็นๆเด้อครับพี่ๆนักข่าว." Before going live on Facebook Thank you for all the encouragement that has been sent. The case is said to go through the judicial process and says that this case is not about And wait for it to end before you can speak.
Eh, Jirakorn, relax. Police prepare to issue summons to parties for assault (video)|After the young singer Eh Jirakorn Sompitak An artist affiliated with Me Records, a group of Muzik Moves, was physically attacked by a man who slapped him in the left ear and injured him while performing on stage. On the night of February 4, 2023, a physical examination revealed a sound in the ear. Hearing levels have recently decreased than before. Eh Jirakorn has already informed the prosecution of the case at Pratunam Chulalongkorn Police Station, Pathum Thani Province. After completing the report, a press conference was held with Pol. Col. Apichart Thongpae, Director of Pratunam Chulalongkorn Police Station, along with Kan Chom power and a team of lawyers of Muzik Move Co., Ltd. How is the police prosecuting the parties? "I have already spoken to the police and prosecuted the assault charges initially, and there will be more to the legal process." We found the perpetrator to be a man, or including someone else?", as yesterday has already been clarified, the prosecution must be separated into 2 parts, part 1 is the assault on Mr. Eh, part 2 is the assault card, which the card has already come to report, according to the available evidence is CCTV. THE INVESTIGATING OFFICER IS IN THE PROCESS OF CONSIDERING "SPONSORED", THE PARTNER OF THE CARD IS YOUR FRIEND JEANS?P.K. "YES SIR". "There is a charge that I can check is drunk driving in the 60's, there is no one", did you have a urine test of Mr. Jeans?", "Initially, it has not been examined, but if it is a suspect, it must be investigated." "I didn't come. He didn't get in touch, so he didn't come in today (he didn't run away, right?). Don't run away and wait for the investigators to issue a summons. If you come by the summons, you don't run away. If the call is not 1 2, we will consider further action."On the night of the incident, did the police go to stop the incident?" "On the day of the incident, we were notified, the hotline went in to stop the incident, but at that moment the group was supposed to be gone, but the police went in." "Thank you, policeman, thank you," he said. "Let me add a little more, I asked the show if my aunt was close to the police and the director, which the director insisted was fair and said that no police officer would come to the rescue. Don't take the risk of this. He insisted on being fair to this, I was very comfortable. I wish this story could end quickly. In addition, the team of lawyers of Muzik Move Co., Ltd. will monitor the case so that the offenders will be punished according to the law to the end.
''Comics-Jeda" reveals love and friendship in the middle of a pile of ''in the way of guns".|How to play "drama of love"? If this has to be asked. Comics–Natcha Boonpong and Jaeda–Saranya Chunhasart In the action drama "Blocking the Way of the Gun" on 7HD, which, despite their first collaboration, has become best friends, and even after the drama is off camera, their relationship and impressions of each other continue. So I grabbed two girls to open up about their best friend's love. Friendship born of intimacy, why is it so close? "Honestly, I'm not quite sure why they're so close, because Jeda is a lovely, friendly, very kind person. When he first came to the pile, he knew that we were new, and in most of the piles there would be only men, there would be Jeda, who is the most common woman. He'll talk. I talk every day and I know I need to call. Find out. Until now, when the drama is off camera, it's still in touch." "We probably have a little bit of an advantage in that we've worked with Pee Ver (O'River Beaver) since Saturday 5, when we got in the way of the gun, so we became very familiar with the team, and then we knew the comics with people, so we invited him to talk to the girls, talked to them with the cute talk of Toon, and it turned out that later we didn't talk, he invited (laughs)." "Brother J is a very hardworking person and is very considerate about work, he will prepare to do his homework, read the script in advance, any scene that goes on set together at night, he will call to talk to us, like helping to tutor each other first, so that when he comes to the front of the pile, everything will be fast. "Toon is a great example of Toon's work." He knew he was new, but he was determined to work and he was willing to fight, like the action scenes had effects, he told me he could do it. We sat and watched him try not to be afraid and not to be a burden. But he manages to get through it, and his cuteness makes the work atmosphere less stressful. Working with him is very happy"After the drama turned off the camera, did you have any meetings? "Let's just say that not seeing each other on the set doesn't affect the relationship at all, because as there is now a promotion of the play, it allows us to meet each other sometimes, or the time of the drama on the day of the play, we will always call each other to see if this scene is good. Or maybe waking up and thinking about something, going shopping, calling each other. In case we can meet or be close to each other, we will go to each other. Every channel to talk to each other, to see each other, will always do it because Brother J is a lovely sister." "Jay is a person who wants to have a sister, the more talkative toon, a good laughing person, a good talker, it makes us click easily, even if we don't see each other in the pile, but we call each other, line up all the time, or see something that we remember that he likes. "Honestly, Brother J is the perfect sister, a good worker, responsible, focused on everything he does, and does everything well. He is a person with a positive attitude, a good idea. Anyone close to him seems to have gained positive energy. Health is something Toon is worried about. There was a time when I saw him filming a 7-day drama, so I felt that I wanted him to take care of his health more, I was worried about J all the time, I was worried about his brother's health as well because he was a hard worker, and he always had a job. Another lovely sister, And Blew (Warapol Jintakosol) and many other great actors. When will I be on the screen?" "At the moment, J is filming 2 dramas, the plan is to deceive the courtesy, J has worked with Thanwa (Thanwa Suriyajak) and Pink Ploy (Pabhavadi Chansamon), and then there is the drama "Mekong". All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
"Antoine" Lead training teams to increase lifesaving skills, turn ordinary people into heroes.|Young People led by Antoine Pinto did not miss the "Two Hands, One Heart, Be a Hero" activity, which is one of the "RAM Prompt" projects, providing basic lifesaving education and AED tools for the general public, which is the first activity this year on the occasion of Ramkhamhaeng Hospital's 35th anniversary. Executive Director and Marketing Director Ramkhamhaeng Hospital with Antoine Pinto, Heidi–Amanda Amanda Jensen Miss Grand Phuket and Wanwan–Arunnapa Participate in activities with a team of nurses Expert speakers come to educate and enhance lifesaving skills to increase the chances of breathing those around you or others in need under the concept of "Learn CPR : Save lives, be a hero. More than 400 people participated in the event, making Antoine delighted to have added skills and knowledge to practical use. Turn ordinary people into heroes Increase opportunities to help fellow human beings.sponsored
Ha Kong Huai Rai Singing tiredly, picking up water and drinking it, almost choking.|Make the fans giggle. After seeing the picture of Kong Huai Rai that he posted on his personal Facebook page. While playing a concert in Phrae province, which is a picture of Kong raising an empty water bottle to drink, but after sucking 1 gulp of water, he almost choked on his face because the bottle of water is Saeab, the famous white liquor of Phrae province. Kong wrote the caption, "Singing tired, so I grabbed the water and lifted it to Phrae Province, clear and ignited." After this photo was posted, there were many netizens who commented a lot, such as going to the area, having to smell before drinking, 5555 clear, igniting, picking up the wrong bottle55 full carabelle, definitely squeamish, end. The aim at the wall This generation, I'm happy. SEE OUT, ETC.SPONSORED
"Put Puttichai" is delighted to join Channel 3 full-length for the first time in "The Best of Hearts".|It's very heavy. For the drama "The Best of Hearts" The signature work of the talented presenter "Hong Thannithi Khun Privilege" Camp Six Four Aew that served the intensity until the audience became addicted with the story of the love triangle of the four of us by getting a heartfelt hero such as "Put Puttichai Kasetsin" who jumped to be the hero of Channel 3 full for the first time, opposite the couple "Patricia Thanchanok Good" received feedback beyond the talk of the town, hit the rating of no. 1SPONSORED. In working with The Swans' six, four, and sixth camps as organizers, I've worked with him for some time. He's so cute. "I have to ask everyone not to go on a tour with you, no matter how disgusting this character is (laughs). Put your hands on the table and watch how cute you are. After this, the love of Khun - Jewel will go next, follow in "The Best of Hearts" every Friday - Sunday at 8.20 pm on Channel 3, watch TV press 33, watch mobile press 3Plus, clearly arrange every episode. Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
"Amanda" A full-fledged heroine, opposite two heroes. "Den Khun-Petch Thakrit" in "Wow Won Love"|Talented Organizer Art Panitnath Chatwilai Family Plus Co., Ltd. launched a new drama "Waw Won Rak" based on the script of Umarikar, a television script by Nakul-Team Wildflowers, directed by Ahn Kornpoj Spychomphu, starring two protagonists, Khun Ngamnet and Petch Thakrit Tawanpong, and Amanda Obdam, who became the first full-fledged heroine. Mitchai, Yui Padmawan Kaomulka, Grasshopper Chonlada Thongjullang, Lita Kaliya Nihut, Big Sarut Vijitranon, Jab Penphet Penkul, Jack Chalermpol Thigampornteerawong, Best Kindapa Pongsinpipat and First Ekpong Jongketkorn, etc.SPONSORED"Waw Won Rak" is a 1952 romantic comedy drama about Chuan Kwan (Amanda Obdam). Ten Thousand Grandchildren It has the same fate as Mrs. Xin, with both a mean stepmother and two jealous sisters staring at the treasure. There are also tigers escaping crocodiles. Kwan escapes to Phu Phaya Lor to escape captivity by using marriage tricks and accusations of murder and murder, but life takes a turn for the worse than any fairy tale. Invite Kwan must meet 2 stepfathers of Pang Mai Muang Nuea, a ruthless stepfather like Khet Kham (Den Khun Ngamnet) and a handsome stepfather like Chalebutr (Thakrit Tawanpong). "Wow Won Love" on Channel 3, TV press 33 See the mobile, press 3PlusMount clearly. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
DJ Man casts the worst birthday long Let's be fair, believe the truth is not dead.|Keep quiet in mind for a long time. Pattanapol, after being called by DSI for a Forex-3D trial since the end of 2022, in which he and his wife, Baitoey Sutheewan, cooperated to show their innocence with all the available evidence and remained silent on various dramas. He posted a photo of him making merit with his mother. Along with paying homage to the gods in the house is the parents on their birthday. DJ Man himself has posted a lengthy message venting his long-held frustration. He said: "This birthday is the day I feel the worst. I had to endure 2 years and 7 months of this incident and things that I and my family never thought I would do and cause. My life since I was born is huge. I have never thought of cheating on anyone because my family and I have always loved and respected my acting career and the industry. Since generation, grandfather Grandmother My mother didn't know what society and adults wanted to do in society right now. I'd be glad if everyone on all sides was determined to make the city better. I didn't ask for much, because I never lobbyed, never asked for anything, and was always quiet because I believed in the authenticity that it was still real in Thailand. What my family and I will ask for is justice. SEE EVERYTHING, SPONSORED AND I ASK FOR FAIRNESS. All the evidence. I have given it all away, from the beginning until today. I have never thought or acted badly of anyone since I was born to this day. I JUST ASK FOR JUSTICE, HBD TO ME, THE TRUTH IS NOT DEAD".SPONSORED
Netizens have caught the wrong husband, who is Dew Arisara, what is the profession? The latest is ready to clear all issues.|Actress Dew Arisara immediately moved on her personal Facebook page. After being asked about the problem by a page about him by a girl, Dew Arisara stated, "From the news that is happening on social media right now, there is a page asking questions about why and why Dew is constantly speaking about macau 888 gambling sites, as well as taking pictures, videos, and information about the past of Dew's husband to raise a lot of questions or analyze negatively. Understand us and support us. Thank you sincerely," the event drew a questioning netizen to comment under the post, saying, "What everyone wants to know is your husband's richness and career. Here's what everyone wants to know. Don't deflect the point. It's a personal grudge, so !!!," Ms. Dew Arisara replied underneath the post, "Wait a minute."
Jazz Chuan Chuen proudly pays off 12 million luxury cars within 1 year (clip)|It is another good example of fans of all ages. For a young superstar in a good mood, Jazz Phadung Sang or Jazz Sputnik Papiyong Kookkook (JSPKK), the hotness continues to soar with a wide variety of works, and with diligence, patience and determination to work with integrity. He posted a clip on his personal TikTok and proudly told his fans that the Mercedes Benz G400d AMG supercar was a car. The price is 12 million baht. Just over a year back, the installment was completed by Young Jazz, who revealed with joy, "Relaxed and exhausted..... Thank you for the wash. Butler) The sun will be hot or it will be cold, wash the car every day (smile) The car of the dream only With strong water, work honestly. I wish you all success. I'm so happy for myself (smiling)."
The page targets the images and messages that Teacher Phaiboon posted risking, causing them not to reduce the penalty.|As of yesterday (February 7, 2023), the Juvenile and Family Court had scheduled a reading of the verdict in the case of Ae Mira filing against her ex-husband, Krupaiboon, for depriving a minor and sexually assaulting a child under the age of 15. Teacher Phaiboon has moved to post a picture of the couple. Rabbits by eating together with smiling faces and writing a caption stating "Ah, go buy the numbers, take the brothers, this installment has 8 real dealers, don't be stubborn, #ใจเย็นๆเด้อครับพี่ๆนักข่าว". "In this post, the plaintiff's lawyer can record to the court that the defendant has no remorse for what he has committed, which the court may consider not to reduce the sentence. Standing in the court of first instance, I was puzzled that the lawyers on this side did not recommend anything. They have to fight in many courts. What do you want to be sure of? If you're confident THE FIRST COURT DIDN'T MAKE SUCH A RULING.".SPONSORED
Nat Natcha surprises birthday Peck Rattaphum announces good news of being pregnant with 2nd child (Clip) |The whole house was taken home by actress Nat Natcha Nuanjam. Daughter of famous guitarist Laem Morrison when he made a surprise on her husband's birthday. Rattaphum Khai Nak with a special birthday gift by Nat posted a clip of her husband's birthday present on Instagram, in which Nat brought her husband a large birthday gift box. Peck is thrilled and excited about the gift that his beloved wife has prepared, amidst the crowds of people in the house shouting about what Nat's birthday present for Peck is before opening it and finding the doll holding the pregnancy test. Now Peck and Nat are expecting their 2nd child, and Nat Natcha has written the caption, "Papa's birthday, there is excitement all over papa, happy birthday, papa, next we will have children full of children, love papa, don't forget to watch the clip, ha, your face is very much". The event was attended by friends and fans congratulating Peck and Nat, who are about to have new family members. SPONSORED A post shared by Nattasha Nauljam (@nat_nattasha)
Ice Preechaya sets Chiang Mai on fire Show off your skinny figure with tattoos in a super colored bikini.|It is another girl who stands for ice preechaya pongthananikorn because not only beauty, but this girl is second to none because if anyone who follows the Instagram of ice girls will see the sexiness of ice girls in bikinis often because of exercise, take good care of their body. And the latest photo at Ice Preechaya makes the weather in Chiang Mai sweltering because she picked up an orange bikini and put it on to take beautiful photos for her friends.
Open income per night Daoyong Doctor Lam Million Accept down the stuff until loud, make the people in the circle gutted.|It can be called the top dancer of the Lam industry. For a young man, the charm overflows the stage. Rhetorical regulations, the nickname of sweet waist, 4G dancer million, recently came out to counter the news through the show Celebrities sit clear on Channel 8 that they chose to accept only the garland of hundreds of thousands. Can you tell me a brief personal history?My hometown is in Kalasin Province. Ban Non Kho I was a little kid at the time, and I was nearing the end of school. My mother wanted me to dance and sing like a brother. Because my brother was already before me, no one warned me that coming to work in Bangkok might be deceived or sold? I'm sure it's safe to be with you, that's what my mom said, but I don't like dancing, singing, dancing, so I sponsored when I first came to the rhetorical circle, saw him rehearsing dance, didn't we? I've been forced to do this, but when I came, I made it to the fullest. When I finished, I was stunned (laughs) because there were a lot of people. She came to a start and stood out from the crowd. If you ask if someone is persistent, there is a gut, but he may not show symptoms, but may be grouped together to gossip about something like this. Or are we just more intentional than others?I behave normally, dance according to normal friends, there are people who shoot clips like this, so it's like someone knows us and he says that suddenly we're loud because we have good things, magical things, go down in front of gold? I didn't do anything, but I used to have it on my tongue. So he gave me a song, but he asked if the voice was really lost, because I had nothing. From scratch, everything was gone, but when I sang it out, I was like, 'Oh, I'm going The song is crazy, there's this guy, I say it's okay, damn it, the louder the more (laughs), the truth is that I want to be a singer? When we get to this stage?want to be, because we have reached this size, we have to develop ourselves well, the news that there are big camps to approach her, right? I asked my dad, I have 5 baht of gold, and I have a lump sum of money. If I were to be there, I'd give this one to my dad, if someone came to give me 10 million, out of the rhetorical mess?10 million and being a dancer, because we better keep a little mixed. If we take 10 million, where do we go next (laughs)? Who invited me to go, Daoyong thinks that today's life is good? After I didn't like anything, I felt someone come to each province. He came with a willingness to come to me, and I'm so glad that some of the steering wheels are a million, right?less than a million. Some bunches are 50 thousand to hundreds of thousands, one night's income is 3 million, is that too much (laughs)but it's a million. Yes, it's not a steering wheel, it's a live stream, buy a closed group ticket, have some rings. There are some gold necklaces, statistics that we remember. How much does it cost?1.4-1.5 Millions, we choose the steering wheel, is it true? I'm not going to be too specific, but I'm going to give less. I'm going to every corner of the stage. As a child, I don't overlook it. WHOEVER INSERTS ME WILL NOT TAKE IT, I WILL TAKE THE PERSON WHO CAME TO WAIT BEFORE SPONSORED, THERE ARE THOSE WHO RAISE HIM TO TEASE, NOT SATISFIED, AND SOME SATIRE, IS THERE ABOUT THAT IT IS NOT RAINING ALL OVER THE SKY, TO PLEASE PEOPLE NOT THOROUGHLY? I'll do it regularly anyway. Do you have a sponsor or a strong mother? When I go behind my back and post that I'm damaged, I'll remember who it is. Keep the data quiet. It's not scary, is it?? But dad protects us (laughs), has the right to go to the flea market, go to the movies, listen to music? It's not personal (laughs), but I'm secretly glad. There are acquaintances and greetings, having worked with Ingfa. Is he beautiful? Brother Ingfa is very cute, very respectful of him, very beautiful. Is there a rule against having a girlfriend? Dad said that if you want to love each other, you really have to love each other. Don't love lying, let's say they're dating. When another person left the band, the other person followed like this, it lost the job, there were dancers in the band who gutted us because it was more prominent, louder? There are a lot of people in the band, sometimes I don't talk, I hear but I don't talk, do I think we have privileges over other people? I'm acting normal, I'm acting like a dancer. I don't have a boss. I'm going to order this person when there's a lot of bad news, how do you feel?dig up old stories to say to us badly, but I'm not hot, because the past is the past, but the present we have to keep doing well. I don't know about us like this, so he'll say it in tick-to-k and comment on whether it's really a father and son. He's been treated like this. He doesn't have a lover or not.
Eve Putthida gives birth to daughter Give me the name of the younger metang. It looks like a grandfather. |End of wait and congratulations to mother of 2 Eve Putthida. Daughter of Atoi Setha Siracha The late national artist, who gave birth to his daughter this morning (February 8, 2023) by her husband Ton Fillsak, is not far away from his wife. She wrote the caption "First kiss", which suggests that the little girl has that money. It looks very similar to Grandpa Toi Setha, Thairath Entertainment Online, congratulations, SPONSORED.
jah nongpanee The shirt was torn, but the concert continued, and the team sewed the dress on a beautiful stage.|It's called The show must go on for a young country singer, Jae Nongpanee, Interior, because the latest encounter was unexpected. When the shirt he wore up to sing broke down. On Instagram, @jaja_nongpanee Jah posted a photo of the atmosphere during the concert, and the team came to sew the torn shirt in the middle of the stage and wrote the caption "The shirt is torn, it is sewn on the stage, the needle can hit anything. Please don't hit me with silicone breasts", SPONSORED is another experience on the concert stage that is very peak, and I have to give a thumbs up to the artistic spirit of a girl who can continue playing concerts like nothing happened.
Nikki Pym posts an announcement ready to help find a job for Sun Ryu.|After Sun Ryu or Ryu Sun Tangsawatrat, a famous former hero of the 90s, opened his heart with tears through Boy Entertainment Day, from being a famous star, finally becoming homeless, having no family, having to earn a living by selling things, and suffering from bipolar disorder. More than 10 years ago, Nikki Pim, a former singer and actress of the same generation, posted a Facebook post announcing her support for Sun Ryu, saying, "Anyone who has contact (Sun Ryu) please inform me, I will give him a job and want to help him.
Send encouragement to Sarawut, shocked by the news, Sun Ryu, living without money, homeless |After the news of the life story of Sun Ryu, the former hero of the 90s, was published. A friend of that era's famous hero, Young Ong. Sarawut Matthong The famous hero paired with Ryu posted a photo of him shooting a magazine with Ryu with a message of encouragement on his personal Instagram, with a message from On Sarawut stating, "Cheer up Ryu"! Once in the 90s, we used to shoot commercials together, maybe for a while, not long enough to get a lot of intimacy, but always looking at him from afar, he always sent a message saying, "What's uncomfortable or heavy, let's talk." Watch the show from Brother Boy ( One Entertainment ) where Ryu talks about how his life has been through a lot in a sympathetic way. I think about myself, too, going through a lot of difficult things. How to skip the ages, being in this entertainment industry is not easy. It is really necessary to set your mind very strong. Bad things to pass. LET'S LIVE FROM NOW ON, SHADY #อ้นริว #ยุค90s #กําลังใจ #เพื่อนร่วมวงการบันเทิง #ชีวิตต้องสู้".SPONSORED
Young Korrachai reveals the reason why Dew Arisara unfolds his brothers 4 B.|After the villain Saeb Dew Arisara pure gold posted the case of 4 sisters. The macau 888 betting website has become a hot topic. There was a lot of criticism, but there were also social media users who questioned why Dew was unfolding, and recently dug up clips, images and historical information of Dew's husband, Sebastian Lee. Young Korrachai Genesis Ploy reported the news of Dew Arisara on Channel 3's "Midday Show" before talking about Dew's story: "If it's from a reliable source, I'm sorry. He has a close relationship with Mr. Dew, this is an off-the-cuff conversation, so let me say that, as far as I know, it seems that Mr. Dew himself was once physically abused by a person involved in the news. At that time there was a fellowship. You have to use the word "assault", and then there's the point that in the last 3 years, it's been a long time coming. If the entertainment industry knows that, Dew Arisara loves to pour jobs. I didn't go to work, but I said I was sick. Some days I say I can't come, I wake up late. It was about 3 years before she got married, that is, I found out today that she disappeared because she couldn't go to work because she was physically abused, sat down to eat, had a good day, and a person brought hot boiled mama, poured it on her head, put Ms. Dew in jail. He fired a firearm at the door and Mr. Dew dodged, unable to work. No one knows why he opened this story. It can be a grievance in the heart and is it an individual way of feeling the need to do this? To have come out open. The other thing about my husband is that Mr. Seb (Sebastian Lee) has to come out and clarify what the facts are, they have to be separated in these 2 stories, but I believe that I don't escape this, and I believe that the day Mr. Dew was physically assaulted. There is evidence, there are clips, there are many things that Dew himself may not have opened yet, so let's wait and see."
High Spirit Piglet Remove the saline hose, take the work in the hospital. After Quick Admission|The situation is now based on the weather, which makes it easy for many people to get sick. Just because of pm 2.5 dust poisoning. The latest has happened to another entertainer. Sharada today (February 8, 2023) had to be admitted to the hospital urgently by a girl. Piglet posted a photo of him being admitted to the hospital. But the work had to be taken, so she took the dress to shoot with her boyfriend Victor, and the post stated that "PM 2.5, you are so cruel, I can't take it anymore...survived until this year, 1 Makra Nong Ko, 1 February, Nong P, 1 month next month, Raidi, scared!!!! Vic was kind to shoot a series from Rangsit running to shoot at #งานคู่จ้างได้ Hospital. #งานเดี่ยวจ้างดี #ตลกสุดคือคนใส่เฝือกเจ็บหนักสุดคือคนมาเฝ้า #และพี่พยาบาลใจดี Finally, take care of everyone's health because PM 2.5 is not merciless to anyone", making the fans worried and coming to send encouragement to recover quickly.
Aum Bhattacharya Ask directly, where are the legs going? This work is very answered.|It's called a bittersweet couple. For a couple of best friends like the heroine soup'star girl. Aum Pacharapa Chaisin and A. Supachai Srivijit Famous celebrity managers, because no matter what Brother A posts. In recent times, A Supachai often posts clips of long legs using a wedding app, causing netizens to comment heavily on which app to use. This event is Aum Bhattacharya I can't help but tease about my beloved brother's legs, "How long is it?"  But the answer is even more because A. Supachai replied, "I don't want to be as long as an electric pole, I want it to be as long as a suspension bridge." I don't want to kill you, etc.
A golf ball teacher, a British boyfriend is married and a UK housewife.|Congratulations to the famous tutor. Golf Ball Teacher Sunthornrak When he announced he was preparing to register his marriage with his British boyfriend Paul, he was surprised. After the couple decided to get engaged on July 22, 2022, he posted the message on his personal Facebook page yesterday (February 7, 2023) stating, "Marriage registration is now registered. Among the fans who came to congratulate and wish their couple a lot of blessings. The golf ball teacher continued, "Come to a friend's house. Turn on your phone again, shocked by the many greetings. More than 2000 golf balls thanked each other for their congratulations. Golf balls, thank you all for the love. I wish everyone all the best and good love, I'm going to be a full-fledged UK housewife legally and I love everyone (but I love Paul a little more)."
Jib Keetpat informed the news that the star bought food. The prosecution must be prosecuted to the fullest extent.|In the case of a TikTok user, he claimed to have written a message saying that the news had been leaked. The former heroine of a multi-colored channel secretly went to buy a young man outside the industry to eat and was blackmailed by a young man for 400,000 baht. Before many people targeted Jib Keetpat, he clarified that this was not true. He did not report any lawsuits and said he had been visiting his family in the U.S. for 3 months. Jib Keetpat along with Tum Sithara's lawyer Bhairawad have already approached the police and revealed that the lawyer Tum "In this case, Jib came to consult before I went to Europe and someone posted that there was a young actress who had something with a man and was blackmailed. He came to consult on what to do, so he said that he would wait for him to come back from Europe and prosecute the person who opened the case first. Because this person has liked the shares and then the person who commented or the person who pointed out that it is a jib, and the worst people are the sites that put the picture of jib on the cover, saying that it is a clip of you to call people to watch. When he came to consult me. I went in and looked at it as someone else, not my brother, and it was like trying to trick people into seeing, and then I took it to make online gambling. In this case, I will report to the Police Department about the Computer Crime Act and defamation by advertising. So people understand at that point that or it is really Jip, so I want to help solve the news for you because he was really damaged because at the time of the incident, he was not in Thailand." But why go so far and so much about what happened? Jib hasn't been in Thailand to see his family in the U.S. for 3 months, but at first we thought it wasn't true. It affects the jib family and the girlfriend. He wants to clarify that it's not true, usually I let it pass, but it's very impactful." When the first story happened There are a lot of messages coming in. At first, there were only people who sent in. When it comes to acronyms, we don't care, because it's not real, but when it's serious, it's more serious. Someone DM came, line came, we had to come back to clear up in Thailand, which I want to know as well. From nothing, maybe it's when a reporter opens up a rat warp, publishes a good news for a rat, but people may understand that it's a rat"What do you want to say to someone who is still mistaken for us?Jib "I think that nowadays in the social world we fake a lot of fake news, and the news goes very far. I want to take this case as an example, I will share the news or comment on anything, I want to be careful"For those who have raised the news on TikTok, what do you want to say? He should have been able to get the result that he did"What is the intention today to report the charges?", there is a Computer Crime Act that is not true. In the case of defamation by advertising, the police would have coordinated with the ICT to shut down those who use your jib's image to deceive people. Because these are pornographic websites that have already been closed, I will coordinate with the police to see if they can follow up, because we have already submitted preliminary evidence to the police, and we have to see how much the police can do, but the person who has commented and shared this news confirms that it is Mr. Jib, so let's say that you can help remove it and defend it, because you really don't want to prosecute, you have to prosecute and come out today because Mr. Jib has suffered a lot of damage." "Well, I'll have to take action, if it hasn't been removed, we've also seen it misleading people, to say that it's Mr. Jib, we're going to prosecute the case." "We've picked 4 of them today," Jib said, "Do you want to confirm or clarify? "Jib is still puzzled by the unfounded story, it has come this far, as I said, I want everyone to have a judgment on the news and then think about the impact on people who have nothing to do with it. "I'm fully operational..."
Weir Suklawat Post to guys who are thinking of flirting. Mr. Wirin, you know, the father is very jealous of his daughter.|Revealing a cute angle that makes fans smile when the father of the red banner like the young hero Weir Suklawat Kanaras has to take care of his daughter. Mr. Virin represents a beautiful mother like Vicki Pemonya, his wife, who had to stay on fire for 7 days, showed Father Weir his skills in caring for his daughter. ALTHOUGH SHE SAID SHE WASN'T DOING WELL, VICKI'S MOTHER SAID SHE TRUSTED HER DAUGHTER AND THANKED HER DAUGHTER FOR BEING SO LIGHT. Post a picture of um. Mr. Virin lay on his shoulder and wrote, "Day6. Vicki was on fire last day. The boys will come and flirt, think carefully 555555555 New dad learns to scold Sannon @vikkiiexplorer @wylyn.vw19 @weircationofficial Follow the journey of his family on facebook "The Wanderer Family" This event, in addition to fans commenting on the cute pictures of the father and son, many people are ready to tease the daughter of Father Weir in a full-fledged way.
Not fully closed The heroine "Mother Bong" Ambush the hero "little one" stinks of love|After the page rang Jemoy 108 has posted a message to the heroine, Mae Nong Bong, saying that it is like now the heart is in love with the new hero. After the photo was leaked of eating shabu-shabu, the message read, "The heroine of the mother of Bong does not care about her son at the gold shop anymore. My heart swelled, mom?" after this post was published, many netizens commented with joy. If it's true, as Jemoy said. Fans are ready to congratulate her on her new love, as the heroine is both cute. Good-natured and friendly, come here. Thairath Entertainment Online has added that the sweetheart of Mae Bong, who is in love with each other a lot, is the hero "little brother", tall, airy, handsome, cool. Because before going to eat shabu, there were good-eyed people who saw both of them walking around, this event seems that people around will agree with this love of the heroine "Mae Nong Bong" and the hero "Little Brother", because the mother of Nong Bong even invested in flying from Chiang Mai to see if the heroine "Little Brother" passes. Meanwhile, the sweet heroine's girl friend is a supporter of the couple. Seeing people love each other is a pleasure.
Sam Yuranan rolls his eyes after seeing Jackson Wang make a drink for him (clip)|It's a hilarious moment. When hot singer Jackson Wang from GOT7 made a drink for senior actor Sam Yuranan, the bumrongtri. On Instagram @sam_yuranunt revealed a clip of Jackson Wang coming to Thailand and meeting before making a drink for Sam Yuranan to try. This work made Sam freeze, making Jackson laugh with great pleasure, and Sam wrote a caption describing it, "I @jacksonwang852g7 #รุ่นใหญ่ต้องเล่นใหญ่don't know what to mix!!  This event has attracted Jackson's fans to comment on it, such as screaming and screaming......., it's a clip that smiles again, Brother Sam, why do you see Jackson so often, jealous, stupid, koom sam is so handsome!!, Wearing glasses as a twin, Jack is willing to invest in glasses. etc
Over 13 young artists of 2 bands "PSYCHIC FEVER" and "DVI" joined the MV song "To The Top".|After releasing the single The song "To The Top" has been heard by 13 young and up-and-coming artists from psychic fever from LDH Japan. Takahashi, Ryoga Nakanishi, Ren Watanabe, Kazuki Jimmy Osai or Jimmy, Kokoro Kohatsu, Ryushin Handa and Saiki Isa or Veesa with 6 boys DVI (D-Y) namely Po–Supakarn Jirachotikul, Wu–Thanaphum Setthasitkul, Cheetah–Pitipat Thanasanpaiboon, Frank–Polch Chinwangso, Samui–Samut. Kaew Wan and Tang–Chindit Wiangwit from 4NOLOGUE for the single "To The Top" are the first collaboration by Psychic Fever and D-Y, with "F.HERO" (Golf–Nattawut Srimok) of HIGH CLOUD ENTERTAINMENT and LDH JAPAN joining forces to create a major contribution for the Asian pop music industry. A three-time Producer Of The Year winner, he served as producer. Get ready to watch MV together on February 9th at 12.00pm on Youtube : High Cloud Entertainment and listen to "To The Top" today. Streaming platform.
Dew Arisara releases bruised Ho Open the picture of the wounds inflicted by the ex-girlfriend (clip)|He opened evidence that he had been physically abused by his ex-boyfriend and injured in tears. For the strongest villain, Dew Arisara, a pure gold, who has recorded a video of her past events and showed everyone a picture of her being physically abused by her ex-boyfriend. He said that for almost 2 years, she had been physically and mentally abused, but what was on Dew's mind was that she had been poured hot Mama on the head, but no one helped. As a remedy and healing, Dew said that these were photos that had been attacked before, and while showing the wounds, Dew Arisara cried and said that he showed them to everyone because he really wanted to explain why things happened.
"New Wongsakorn" rips off all the legends of "Mya Luang". Full of curses on social media.|Surprise fans of the series very hard. For a fresh reinterpretation of the legendary novel "Mya Luang", a series made in Thailand from WeTV ORIGINAL, produced by CHANGE 2561, it is now a buzz around the world. It has received views from international fans in both Asia and America. This event will not only create a bang for the Thai entertainment industry. The performances of Thai actors are also interesting from foreign fans, turning to follow and encourage the actors in this story a lot, especially the main character "New Wongsakorn", who portrayed on the beginning of "Dr. Anirut". Offers a new, real, realistic perspective. And there is a darker gray side than all the previous versions, the hero side of "New Wongsakorn" reveals the trend of hospitality that exceeds expectations SPONSORED"This story is very flirtatious, I must say that it is very far-fetched, thanks to Brother Chad Pee S and the director who pulled out the instincts on the other side of me, it is very difficult because in real life we are not like this person, it is very fun, there is something to win from the first episode, and the ending will definitely have something unexpected for https://wetv.vip/th https://bit.ly/TheWIFE everyone. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Thai PBS Delivering quality drama "The Interns Doctor-Hand-New" Life of a practicing doctor February 10|Thai PBS is preparing to launch a new drama called "The Interns Doctor -Hand-New", produced by Bain Mind Studios, as one of the dramas under the campaign "Voice of Youth because the voices of teenagers have power and meaning" that invites a look at the life and society of practicing doctors, also known as "Interns", directed by Karan Khum Anouvong"The Interns". I have a dream of becoming the best brain surgeon, and "Pawin" (Kimmon-Vrodom) has good interpersonal skills and loves to help those around him. He intends to be the best doctor to take care of his patients, unlike "Emmy" (Praew-Narubhornkamol). The heiress of a medical device importing business, who studied medicine to create a connection, sponsored and "Ged" (Yoshi-Rinrada), who wants to become a doctor treating patients with gender oversight, and the last one, "Bess" (Pound-Polwich). Bad mouth but ideology, love of authenticity. I want to be a doctor because I want to change the system so that patients can receive equal treatment. With the knot of the past losing her sister hopelessly, the life of the five inner doctors is about to enter the real world. They face "changes" that make their lives grow and they have to keep their lives alive. This is "a testament to the beginning of the medical profession." Watch every Friday-Saturday-Sunday at 8.15pm starting February 10 on Thai PBS Channel No. 3. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Fellow star sends encouragement to Dew Arisara After recording the video, he was physically assaulted.|After the villain Dew Arisara Thongnoen recorded a video of her opening up via Facebook about why she came out to unfold 4 brothers. He also shared that he had been physically abused by his ex-girlfriend for years, which turned out to be a huge wound in his heart, and confirmed that her husband, Sebastian Lee, had never engaged in illegal business now or in the past. There are many friends in the entertainment industry who have commented expressing their concern and encouragement, such as DJ Matoom Techint "Always here", Kwang Wanpiya "Love Mung Na", Air Bhandila "Crying as I want to hug you", etc. The actress, who had been reported to have been physically abused by her ex-boyfriend, commented, "I've been hit like this before. There are also a lot of fans who come to cheer on the Dew girls.
Dew Arisara reveals Sebastian's true career as husband not engaged in illegal business (clip)|Because it's something that many people are skeptical about in their husband's career. Dew Arisara, pure gold, what work to get so wealthy that it is suspicious. latest Dew Arisara has revealed the career of her husband, Sebastian Lee, to let everyone know what her husband is doing through a video clip he posted on his Facebook page. "The next point is that Mr. Sebastian or Seb has never been in business or has never been involved in any illegal transactions or businesses in the past or now, and he will not be involved in that type of business in the future. And let me tell you about who Seb is, how he came to Bangkok at the age of 21 to work in hotels because he had graduated from that field, and then he went to a culinary school and after graduating he returned to his Taiwan. To do his business and his business is a successful food business around the world. In 2014 or 2014, SEB returned to Thailand to try his luck and invest in another business, the sponsored real estate business. Zeb is with Dew as a lover. Until today, he is with Dew as the father of the child. Seb never decided to go anywhere. What to do to leave Dew for a day while Dew is pregnant? There's never a day away from Dew. Although he is not normally a person who lives in Thailand and does not live in Thailand, so for many years Seb has been living. He may have met a lot of people, but Dew wants to reiterate Dew and Zeb's status with them: We're just getting to know him. It doesn't have anything to do with any business, no relationship with Seb or anyone who's ever been dragged in, all of them are just known people. But it doesn't mean that we have to be like that, and in the view of many people who think Seb is like that, Dew wants to leave what Dew has to answer honestly, to give everyone an answer and listen to what Dew has to say so that everyone can stop questioning and doubting him. Whether he's like that or not, because he's just a wealthy person, or because he's a foreigner, of Taiwanese descent, or just because he has someone to know because it's just what we thought, but it's not true. If Dew puts it simply, it's that it's not that we can judge a person for what he is, racially, or financially, that he is in that way. Not with bad intentions. If we see beautiful women in Macau Live there. It doesn't mean that the beautiful women who live in Macau are prostitutes, so whatever we know, we want everyone to think, analyze, discriminate, use a little judgment to judge a person, because from the details that Dew told about Mr. Seb, there is nothing to indicate that he did that, and that Dew came out to say this, we are husband and wife. We sit down and talk, we have to be confident in who we are. Dew thinks that with the question of who has all the questions about Dew and Zeb. Deuna replied clearly, whether it was a police train. Whether it's the motivation that you made, whether it's the rumors that can be gathered. Dew can't really come out and answer everyone's questions, but what's important, Dew will answer them all, and Dew has answered them all."
I'm not single anymore, Jackie. Launching a new hero, junior, handsome, cool, melting.|After Thairath Entertainment Online released more information to the heroine "Mae Nong Bong" that it seems like now the heart is in love with the new hero. "Little one" is tall and cool. Because before going to eat shabu, there were good-eyed people who saw both of them walking around this event, it seems that people around will agree with this love of the heroine "Mae Nong Bong" and the hero "Little Brother". Meanwhile, the sweet heroine's girl friend is a supporter of the couple, making the netizens find out who the guy is. Recently, the page has already come out, it appears that it is a new hero, Junior Kaj graduate, who he is working with. If you want to know how the two of them have improved, go and catch a glimpse of the two.
Dew Arisara clears her husband's knot, digs up old footage of police car leading the procession and shows evidence (clip)|After a page digs up an old clip of Sebastian Lee, the husband of the super villain Dew Arisara, and questions what position Sebastian has in Thailand. There was a police car leading the procession - there was a soldier as a guard. Dew Arisara has cleared the clip with evidence for everyone to see. Dew explained about the footage with a police car driving: "As for the video footage of Seb being posted about a policeman driving a car, there are 3 videos posted by Sebastian himself. Unless he was a foreigner at the time, he came to Thailand. He stayed at a hotel. There are packages that are picked up and dropped off from the airport. Dew doesn't want this action to affect anyone, but Dew has to assert his innocence, not an influencer, and not someone who comes out to do something like this. In Thailand, that is, he stayed in a hotel, there is everything and evidence about this (show evidence) confirmed at the hotel confirmed with him. We looked at the police picking us up. We didn't think what we were doing was illegal because it was the police who picked us up and we contacted the hotel and it was in the package, which he posted himself on Instagram, so his purpose wasn't his purpose of doing it wrong. No one made a mistake and posted it because he didn't really know, and the other 2 clips took place in a foreign country, not Thailand. Whatever the country, whatever happens. It's something that people he knows manage and do. So I don't want it to be linked to other people, because other people's stories are someone else's. It's about Dew and Zeb.
Aye, Mira, remind children with premature love to look at it as an example. Sorry, made mom sorry.|From the case of Ae Mira Chonwiralvanis has sued her ex-husband. Teacher Paiboon Saengduan Charges of depriving a minor The Court of First Instance sentenced him to 8 years in prison without parole and paid 3.5 lakh in compensation to Ae Mira's mother. Aye, Mira posted a thank you to Fah Me Ta. Restore justice to yourself. Ms. Phaiboon posted and livestreamed telling all parties to calm down as they are still fighting in the latest appeals and supreme courts. Ae Mira has come to the show with a good lawyer, Narubdindra Srisivara. The lawyer who handled the case for Ae Mira apologized to her mother for not dating the man and warned the children of premature love. Lawyer: Actually, to draft a defamation narrative, it has to be summarized as to which words entered in. He took every word on the show and concluded that it was defamatory of him. What we're fighting for is that we're going to say we're making exceptions. We say what it actually happened and we are actually affected. That's how we come out and say it. WE FOUGHT THE ISSUE OF SPONSORED INTENT, ALL OF IT WAS CAUSED BY THE HOST ASKING?: I have to go and testify for me (laughs). The provincial court then had to be absent again. Lawyer: That he filed the lawsuit was probably the day he came out on the show, August 3, 2021, and he was uncomfortable that he scolded his mother? But it really doesn't count on the loss that I lost, and then on what my mother was crushed by him, saying that my mother was for the sake of money, insulting anyone, but don't scold my mother. Anyone who doesn't have the right to scold my mother, what will my mother do? My mother had a hard time raising me. Er: He said every time my mother asked me why I didn't come to the court. He told you two to get together?eh: He posted a story. I didn't mention it by name. He said I should have been kicked out of the house by my lawyer's boyfriend. I said my lawyer and I should have eaten together, which confirmed that it wasn't?: (laughs) I see why people are low and still low. Lawyer: Of course not. I'm a good lawyer and I'm very good at it, if I'm good at it, it's like I'm hurting Pukki. My boyfriend, a good lawyer, you are very nice to me, I love you very much, it is a very good example family, so the issue that Teacher Phaiboon sued Er Mira, I wondered if it was because Er went to sue him first. He sued for defamation, but he really didn't. So he went to the garden by depriving the minors. Lawyer: The defense witnesses in May, young brother Korrachai, this is it (laughs)A: Look at yourself that day and reflect on society. Leave it to all children who have premature love. Look at me as an example. The consequences aren't just us. Instead, it's our family that has to come to grieve. We only hurt this, but our mother hurts a hundred times more than us. I never told my mother that I had a fight with him or any problems (shaky voice) until now that I am a mother, I want to tell all the children. Look at rats as an example, the consequences are very severe. Not only are we now, there are also music fans who come to you?: Yes, there is. People who don't follow us but don't keep paying attention because I work with good lawyers, there are many fc brothers to cheer, maybe people come to cheer us up, not fc, we have him who sees the problem, we scolding people still exist? Recently, Aunt Ploy watched the good scolding you for squeezing tears to create a picture?eh: Do you try to become a rat? ER: DON'T WANT TO TELL HIM, BUT DO YOU WANT TO LEAVE IT TO MANY ADULTS, TEACHERS, OR MATURE PEOPLE? When a child or a person is underage, maybe he can't think of anything. Now society is very scary. If we don't see the importance here, or ignore that the child is complacent, that's it. If everyone still thinks this way. This society is going to be very scary. I am a mother. I came to feel and understand when I was growing up, but when I was a child, I followed a child who thought anything but didn't know what the impact was. Sorry for disobeying. Apologize for hurting my mother (crying) I'm sorry that others have to upset me. Without this man in my life, I would have gone further (crying). Thank you mom for understanding and patiently listening to him and waiting for him to appeal.
Ral Natthamonkan gives good news. After flying to Turkey during the earthquake.|There was a suspense for actress Ral Natthamonkan Srinikornchote, who flew to Turkey with her mother, and there was a major earthquake. A large number of people were injured and killed. MANY PEOPLE ARE WORRIED ABOUT THE ACTRESS AND HER MOTHER. Ral Natthamonkan He posted a picture of himself and wrote, "Thank you for all your concerns, there are brothers and sisters and journalists both calling and texting to inquire, Ral and mom are safe, now in Istanbul, here there is a snowstorm, so I have to stay in the hotel to watch the situation, can I wait to see the situation tonight, will I be able to return to Thailand tonight, I know the news of the Turkish earthquake 6/2/66, the situation is very severe, I would like to express my deepest condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the Turkish earthquake and send our heartfelt condolences to all rescuers who are rushing to search for survivors #ตุรกี #PrayForTurkey #PrayForSyria #ซีเรีย #แผ่นดินไหวตุรกี 6/2/66 #prayforturkeysyria".@run_natthamonkarn  
"Jip Keetpat", panting for evidence, arrested for blasphemy, accused of buying food in a scandalous girl clip.|"Jip-Keetpat Antimanon" does not tolerate A total of 5 facebook users have been charged with defamation after posting insulting posts indicating that the actress was the person in the clip. A beautiful woman secretly buys a guy outside the industry to eat and gets blackmailed for 400,000 baht. He insisted on prosecuting the case to the end. Wrongdoers must be affected. Before the end of this era, news consumers need to be mindful of the fact that news has been circulating on social media since the beginning of the year. The former heroine, abbreviated Mon, secretly bought a young man outside the industry to eat and was blackmailed for 400,000 baht. They all targeted the former '90s rising star heroine Jip Keetpat Antimanon, while he denied it and clarified via his personal Instagram account that it wasn't himself. Having been visiting his family in America for 3 months, he urged everyone to exercise their judgment in the news and stated that they will prosecute the defamators to the maximum in order to preserve their rights and legality about this matter at the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Call Center at 11.30 a.m. on February 8. Lieutenant-Colonel Sevarat Purisai S.W. (Investigation) 1 kg The Police Department has filed a lawsuit against those involved in the case of a young woman who bought a young woman outside the industry and was blackmailed. Mr. Sithara revealed that after the incident, Jib came to consult to discredit those involved in the discredit, including 3 users of Facebook accounts and 2 TikTok accounts, who posted or made suggestive comments that the person in the clip was Jip-Keetpat. Neither is true. He also asked the police to investigate various pornographic websites that posted video clips identifying the topic as Jip-Keetpat. When you press it, you'll find that it's definitely not. In order to stop publishing these pornographic clips that may cause misunderstanding and bring discredit to the victims, Jib-Keetpat stated that the news that happened was too strong to bear because it was not true at first to let go, but when it began to affect life more and more, it had to decide to come out and clarify somewhat. I want people to consciously choose the news. Let this case be an example, what to share, what to comment on, to think of our hearts, and please be careful. They want to prosecute to the end. The offender must receive the result of the action, the investigating officer takes the case and interrogates the victim. Before proposing, the commanding officer for Jip-Keetpat Antimanon She is of Thai-English descent and is the biological sister of JaeJintai Vandew. He entered the entertainment industry under Channel 7 in '42, starring as the heroine in the dramas "Than I Know Innocent" and many others, before turning her role into a villain, most recently in '62 in "Diamond Armor Roses". Jip-Keetpat also owns collagen brands with fellow actors, as well as a restaurant partner in Seattle, USA.
"Dew Arisara" reveals that he was assaulted, unfolds Macau 888 "Bright Division" submits resignation (clip)|"Bright Division" submitted a letter requesting his resignation from the government service after being released for disciplinary action. The detention was postponed to Feb. 9, and investigators called it "Dew-Arisara." Testify Investigators searched a warehouse in Khu Khot district, Pathum Thani province, and seized property from a luxury condo. "Chuvit" unfolds General Mi-ew, while Dew-Arisara posts a gambling website with his ex-girlfriend scalding hot noodles in his face. Yan husband is not involved in gambling business, cyber police mobilize to expedite gambling website case "Macau 888" Interrogation Lieutenant Colonel Khunakorn or The Bright Kajonboonthavorn, Deputy Senator for Outgoing Immigration. B.C.S.M. The youngest brother of the 4B brothers was allegedly involved in the Macau online gambling site 888. The ref is irrelevant to such gambling sites. Investigators gathered evidence and asked for an arrest warrant in time to prepare for his release. Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn, or Benz Damon, who was issued an arrest warrant and is still fleeing abroad. THE REQUEST FOR SURRENDER ON THE AFTERNOON OF FEBRUARY 8SPONSORED AT 00:01 ON FEBRUARY 8, MAJ. PROF. CHAKRAPONG NUCHPADUNG, DIRECTOR OF SUVARNABHUMI AIRPORT. Lead Lt. Col. Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn left the detention room. After a seven-day detention period after being disciplined for lack of service since Feb. 1 and due at midnight on Feb. 8, Bright will be released. As soon as it is due. Maj. Gen. Chakrapong led the charge. He went to the interrogation room on the ground floor of the office building. He then walked to the office building of the Immigration Police Division 2, which was headed by Maj. Gen. Montri Pancharoen. The 2nd Lt. Commander was the recipient to carry out the procedures of the agency, the reporter reported, while detaining the Bright trooper to the office building. The reporter asked if he was involved or known about macau 888 and had been absent for more than 15 days with the intention of fleeing or seeking a foothold in the case. Bright did not answer the question, had a flat expression on his face, before reporting to his superiors. Maj. Gen. Montree Pancharoen 2nd Lieutenant Revealed that the agency accepted the After the disciplinary detention deadline. He will return to his previous position under the outgoing immigration department due to a letter from the Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions for repatriation of the government. The commander was aware of the behavior, and no one would ask the Bright to help the government. In addition, during the period before the detention, check the database of various arrest warrants. No arrest warrant was found, so he was allowed to return home and return to work in the morning. In addition, there is no special order from the commissioner of the Immigration Bureau. Just emphasize to be vigilant so as not to be absent. As for setting up a committee to investigate the absence of the government for more than 15 days, it is considered that the punishment has already been carried out in accordance with the regulations of the Royal Thai Police. Initially, no committee was set up to investigate other issues. If the Bright Division is prosecuted or has a warrant for his arrest, the police will investigate the case honestly and without protection, with reports from the Immigration Bureau that Bright reported and talked to his superiors that he was prepared to submit his resignation letter to the police because he believed that his relationship with his brother and the accused group had tarnished his superiors and colleagues. He also confirmed his innocence that he had nothing to do with the Macau online gambling site 888, but admitted that his brother and a group of friends were actually involved in the business, but that he did not have any knowledge of it. Lt. Col. Khunakorn came to testify against the investigators. Maj. Gen. Omsin Trarungruang, Deputy Chief of Police Maj. Gen. Phairoj Sukruethanachote, Deputy Chief of Police Maj. Gen. Sathit Prom-Uthai The 3rd Police Commissioner conducted an investigation lasting more than 2 hours before leaving without giving an interview to the media. Mr. Khunakorn has a smooth expression on his face, showing no signs of anything. After leaving the meeting room on the 4th floor, walk up to the 6th floor through the fire escape staircase. Before taking the elevator down to the first floor of the building, to dodge the media who were monitoring the case. Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen, spokesperson for the MINISTRY Announcement of progress in the case of the break-up of the Macao 888 betting network and related websites It stated that the lawyer of Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn or Benz Damon requested to meet with the investigating officer. To discuss the surrender this afternoon. He was informed that the request was postponed to February 9 and did not give a reason, but if Benz Damon returns to Thailand, he will have to go through immigration procedures. In this case, the accused was arrested by the police immediately. Sending a lawyer to coordinate the surrender. THERE IS NO NEED FOR THE SPONSORED, DR. KRISHNA SAID. Investigators already have guidelines for setting up inquiries. As for how it will be relevant, we will have to wait to hear the testimony again. It is the right of the defenders to testify. Investigators will not believe all of them, but will gather evidence. If there is a connection to the gambling site, it will be prosecuted, there is no omission. As for the behavior of the Bright defenders at Dew-Arisara. The actress unfolded that going to the beauty clinic to watch women not perform their duties is a personal matter, but the chain of command has to see that kind of behavior. What will the responsible supervisors think? In this case, the police issued a total of 55 arrest warrants for the accused on charges of conspiring to open gambling and money laundering, arresting 46 people, leaving 12 still on the run. If witnesses Sufficient evidence will be issued for the arrest warrant immediately, the spokesman said. The POLICE said the suspects fled abroad. The cyber police will coordinate the Foreign Affairs Division. The Royal Thai Police, in order to coordinate with Interpol to consider issuing red notices, is in the process of preparing copies of investigations, copies of arrest warrants, copies of photographs and reprimands, and details that will be linked to the basis of the offense. If Interpol issues an arrest warrant, it will make it harder for the accused to escape. As for extradition, some countries that do not have treaties will use diplomatic requests to request the extradition of the accused, but for Macau 888, there are 6 websites involved and 5,500 million baht in circulation. Only during the period of investigation to date, the police seized the property as a house. Cars, condominiums, and numerous financial transaction documents Actress Dew-Arisara has revealed information about the Macau 888 gambling site, and police may have to consider issuing a summons to testify and retrospectively investigate whether it is related to the gambling site. Pol. Maj. Gen. Pairoj Sukruaithanachote, deputy chief of police, said the police had called Bright to testify as a witness. Initially, the information was useful to the case picture, and there was some information that was consistent with the investigation data. If other landing information is found, an extended investigation will be conducted. Bright confirmed the original testimony. Is to deny that it is not affiliated with the Macau online gambling site 888 is considered a right. Meanwhile, the authorities will examine the financial and property routes of the Bright Division. After this, the next interrogate interrogation will be called. In addition, it is reported that Benz Damon will surrender. Part of that comes from the police. B.S.C. Continued pressure on the operation "Macau 888" all 4 EP. Free or visa-free access to Hong Kong SAR of the People's Republic of China With a 30-day stay due on Feb. 15, Benz Damon and his brother are reportedly leaving Hong Kong, while it is reported that Lt. Col. Khunakorn has submitted a letter of resignation from the service in accordance with the Royal Thai Police's regulations. Filed according to the hierarchy through the Lieutenant Colonel Kanpicha. Stir-fried glass Senator of the Outgoing Immigration Department, Suvarnabhumi Police Station to Lt. Col. Ying Rungthip Director of Outbound Immigration Suvarnabhumi International Airport The letter stated that I, Lieutenant Colonel Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn, deputy senator. Outbound Dept., Suvarnabhumi Police Department, 2nd District He began his service on Oct. 1, 2015. If you submit a letter of resignation less than 30 days in advance due to the care of your aging father, from February 8, 2023 Please consider signing. Lieutenant Colonel Khunakorn Khajonboonthavorn, Deputy Senator for Outgoing Immigration Department, Suvarnabhumi Police Station, while Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit According to the Facebook post, online gambling and corruption have increased significantly in the last 3-4 years. The police had a suppression unit, but it was used as a way to raise money. Cyber Command, Cyber Suppression Center (PCT), Cyber Division 5, and also had to pay a general for scraps. When paying, it is not closed. The payer has to say "cleared", otherwise how can it be done? Online gambling one month totals hundreds of millions. Even today, there are police inspectors, who are online bosses, the whole industry knows it all. Not closed You have to choose whether to be a policeman or a boss, you can't be both, or a child police officer driving a supercar of 30-40 million each, hanging 20 million watches in a condo in the sky. Q Really, did the boss ever know that he gambled online, or that the family was very wealthy? If you let the taxpayer go to check the girl, you will know where the money comes from, is it taxable or not? Instead, he complimented the care of adults. Everyone was involved in corruption that devoured the country until 1 p.m. Deputy Commissioner of Police Lt. Col. Kritchat Bamrungrattanayos, Deputy Chief of Staff 1 Lt. Col. Narawat Khampilo Deputy Chief of Staff 4 Lead the police force. B.C.S.O. with search warrant in Thanyaburi Provincial Court Operation "Macau 888 EP 5" searched a warehouse in Khu Khot district, Pathum Thani province, after tracking cctv footage from Mark Condominium, a luxury condominium in the heart of Sukhumvit, Bangkok, at the residence of Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn or Benz Damon, 38 years old. An internal inspection revealed more than 60 large paper boxes containing clothes, shoes and trophies. Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat said Chaiwat rented the warehouse for 12,000 baht a month for 6 months from February 1. However, the property found will be seized as a whole. Valuables are stored elsewhere under investigation. Benz Damon's Lamborghini car was also under investigation, but initially it was discovered that the owner had changed hands. The occupants are expected to change the color of the car from yellow and black to gray, and the car is still in Thailand after the famous actress. "Dew-Arisara Thongnoen" unfolded the brothers of 4 baht, the owner of the major online gambling website "Macau 888", leading to the issuance of arrest warrants for several suspects.  Arisara Answering all questions about why it unfolded, and questions to Mr. Sebastian Lee, Dew's husband, had a caption on the post. "When Dew lost faith in his life and lived in fear of the scars in his heart, why did Dew have to go to the doctor for medicine because he couldn't sleep every night and had a flurry. It causes bad memories of the past that the family has done to them to spring up. He posted the unfolding of the story. Throughout my relationship with my ex. He was a woman who had been physically abused several times over the course of 1-2 years, both physically and mentally, a very large wound in her heart, something that stuck in her heart deeply in her heart. He used to get hot Mama on his head. No one forbids or helps one. When this person's name came up like a flashback to those things, he posted it without pondering, but nevertheless what he thought and did was the right thing to expose "Macau 888", making it the night of Jan. 15. But as the post went on, everyone had questions about whether they did it, why, or if it was because their husband was in the same business or blackmailing him for money. I would like to clarify that at that time I was hurt and did not dare enough to speak out or report doing the right thing. Every time I look in the mirror and find a scar, I speak the truth from my mouth. Confirm that all the evidence is sourced. Dew, while declaring Dew wailed, and also revealed a cell phone image of himself being physically assaulted. Lee, the husband, explained that she came to Bangkok at the age of 21 to work in a hotel because she had finished her studies. Work in various hotels, go to classes about cooking. Return to Taiwan to run a successful restaurant business around the world. In 2014, my husband came back to Thailand to try his luck and invest in real estate, but during the COVID-19 pandemic, almost 3 years, my husband was in a relationship with him as a lover. The father of the child. I never decided to go anywhere, do anything to leave myself for a day. What everyone draws on is just knowing each other, but that doesn't mean we have to be that way. As for the video clip of her husband being posted: The police drove the car and posted 3 clips, only one of which happened in Thailand, that he didn't know anything about being a foreigner, staying in a hotel and then in that package. There was a police pick-up and drop-off from the airport. He doesn't want this to affect anyone, but he wants to insist that his husband is not an influencer and not someone who does this. This is all the evidence provided by the hotel. The other two clips took place in a foreign country, something that an acquaintance managed. Finally, he wanted to say that his intent wasn't to think that the matter would go this far. If you get anyone in trouble and don't make a mistake, I'm really sorry. He apologized to his husband because he didn't know why we posted like that, and he had to be hit by social media and thanked everyone for their support. He hopes that what has been done in Thai law will bring justice to society.
Tik Jesadaphon Post to news, teachers chase haircuts. The only shape a child needs is a bad one.|In the case of Facebook, a bad student published a video of a school teacher in Phetchabun province grabbing scissors to cut the hair of more than 100 students in front of a flagpole until it creaked with hair fragments littered the yard through the hashtag #BWITfacts causing a lot of criticism on social media. Tik Jesadaphon The actor and celebrity posted a message on Twitter about the issue, stating, "Creating quality people in society. It's not about forcing anyone to cut their hair. In the society of young people now, the only thing they want is...#ทรงอย่างแบด only! #ติ๊กว่า"The message has been retweeted more than 4.8 thousand times, and many people have praised Tik's idea and commented a lot, such as agreeing a lot. The children's hair was normally long. It does not interfere with life and study. Media images are not negative. If the teacher does not use scissors to cut the hair in front of the flagpole, as a punishment, even if it is not in violation of the Ministry of Education regulations, Brother Tik 5555 follows the most trendy, what kind of hairstyle is not related to the heart. Sing like bad, but it's just because the truth is good boy, gentleman like bad, you're right, red, bad only!! THIS HOUR, ETC.SPONSORED
Benz Damon ex-girlfriend Dew Arisara, a handsome man Extraordinary History (Clip)|From the hot topic of actress Dew Arisara today. Thairath Entertainment Online will introduce Benz Damon ex-girlfriend Dew Arisara to who he is, where he came from and what business he does for Benz Damon or Chaiwat. Kajon Boonthavorn, a 37-year-old named Benz Damon, is a name in supercar racing. In addition, Benz is the owner of the Lamborghini Mad Bull Liberty Walk Aventador V2, the only one in Thailand.
Aye Chutima reveals the most disappointing story of his life with the paranormal 6 years of bruised love.|The position doesn't last long, but...beauty lasts forever. Chutima, a former Miss Thailand, is another person who can't do anything for her at the time. It's called "beautiful" for the former Miss Thailand 1987, who is still working in the entertainment industry and reveals her happy life. In a simple way. As a special guest on the Club Friday Show produced by CHANGE2561, Ae Chutima reveals her life story and reveals her love story in every corner of her heart. Because it's comforting to sit here and talk about it in the first place, "When you love someone, you're going to run out of money, and this guy is ready to die instead! Buy a house, buy a car, make a credit card, everything is in his name! All the money was in his account, he revealed. The only thing that disappoints me the most in my life is love. Even though they knew the destination had to It's definitely a painful ending. But why did she choose to go all out with this guy? And recounts the 6 years of paranormal change in which he changed. He became a very heavy tourist. To the point where she used to go to sleep in the tavern, lying by the footpath in front of the house. WAIT, EVEN IF HE DOESN'T KNOW IF HE'LL COME BACK OR NOT, SPONSORED SOMETHING ELSE IS TOLERABLE, BUT A GIRL THING! I won't tolerate this. Aye, recounting her experience of hiring a card to catch a small house, the biggest pain is that Gig is a woman who has had problems with her before. She opened up about the day she decided to break up with her boyfriend, the most torturous day because she didn't think this would happen to her over and over again. She felt worthless, but despite the fact that she had been hurt so much about love so many times, her family and everyone around her was encouraging. I love you so much that I love you so much. We leapt into love. When I love someone I love with my heart, jump over and hug him, ready to die instead of this person asking, Eh, buy a house and buy a car in his name? Chutima: Yes, yes, I did everything for you to make the statement beautiful, and then you became a stock of the company. Aye's life is called success in almost every way, but there is one side: Aye Chutima: Many aspects, but there is only one side of Ae Fell's life, which is love. I can say that one day he will have to leave us because he and I are 31 years apart, he must have lived his life, but I don't know how fast it will be. Why did we choose to go down this way? Even though we already see that it ends like this?. Chutima: Because you asked, how long have you been together? Chutima: 6 years, the 6th year is the year that he travels a lot. Heavy loads. I had to wait for him at the karaoke shop, and then we had to connect the chairs, and take the chairs that four people were sitting in. Aye slept in the shop waiting for him. When the latter went to bed at the pump, we went to wait along the footpath, we went out and waited, even though we didn't know if he would return or not, and even if he had to hire a guard to follow the investigation, why? I have to take the car out to drive, ask where I am driving until I have to hire a card, I follow him, finally the woman who had a problem with Aye last year released the news. Nowadays it's a gig with him and we're together for two full days, so we're like, 'What are we?? Try to do everything to get him back, and tell him not to get too attached to the night people. GETTING CAUGHT IN THE DISEASE, IT WON'T BE WORTH IT, SPONSORED ASKED, ARRIVED ON THE DAY OF THE DECISION TO CUT YOUR HEART?EH. Chutima: The last day I quit was the day that I was the most torturous, and I can't believe that Chutima will repeat this again. Why doesn't he see us as number one? We became substitutes, we felt that we had no value whatsoever, that we were worthless, that we would feel bad. I think it's funny, I think we can't go because we love him, but this is the time. Can I shake hands (cry)Q What is the disappointment of love, what makes Ae Chutima still stand as a beautiful girl like this? Chutima: It's a family support. Parents are the most important thing. He was kind of encouraging us. It's okay, baby, I understand. He won't ban it. When you have a boyfriend, if you love us, you love us too. Thank you, thank you to everyone who was on my side and never left. Oh, when everyone loves you, you're going to love yourself. Back then, when I didn't have him, why did we stay?
Teng Thoeng has never played bullying anyone, the past used to flirt. Now stop everything.|Famous comedian Theng Tiewtheng or Pongsak Pongsuwan Open up about the past, fighting for life than it is today. Never play bullying jokes on anyone and teach your children not to insult people. Admittedly, the past used to flirt, now stop everything on the WOODY FM show, I must admit that 10 years ago the comedy industry has changed a lot. Society in particular is not okay with bullying jokes, do you think it's harder or do you see it as something that needs to change with the passage of time? Teddy Me: It's going to be time. When we sit down and think about it, yes, it's not good to bully people, it's to satirize them, to inferior them, to be funny. I'm a person who doesn't bully people, and I only recently learned what bullying is. Tell me since I was born that I remember not to insult anyone, to see my father as an example to this day, and thank you for his insults to us. Teng: The Ligé, the tricycles, but we feel like we're smiling in our hearts. The answer is that I can do it today. I HOLD MY LOVE FOR TEACHERS, RESPECT EVERYONE, SPONSORED WHY DO YOU ALWAYS LIKE THE WORD FLIRTING? Me: Flirting, I think men have everyone, depending on who is more, who is less. For me, it wasn't possible to redeem my family. A family is high, meaning there used to be. How do I clear with my wife?: There used to be some, really cleared in front of the media, because of course we were wrong. We can't do anything right when we start to feel like it's no longer there. Enough?: I think we've grown up, and we can't bring gigs or women to sit down and eat. I can't do it in this day and age, it's social, it's all filmed, the world knows it all, the more we have a name, the more it closes the door. Having the opportunity to stay at home, the garden will prefer to sit alone. I'm very happy, I'm so quiet, and it gives me the opportunity to think about my life. All the money you earn is what you do?: Most of the time it's more property, and it paves the way when we're old. We don't work anymore, but we have it all for our children. No matter what business we have put in place, there used to be gold that my wife bought for me, but I didn't wear it, people never wore it. Do you feel awkward about what is the most expensive thing you've bought in your life? 4-5 thousand shoes are the most expensive in life, what is the heaviest thing in life? Life has never hit a stab with anyone, but then we come across an incident, a misunderstanding, and we get rehearsed. He forced us to bow to our feet and kick us, until a kind adult came down and forbade us. It is necessary to move out of there to live with my wife. No work, nothing. He rented a house upstairs, downstairs he sold curry rice, and at night he went to eat eggs, and his wife ate them when she was pregnant. The maternity dress is still not there yet. Moved from Bang Kapi to Phutthamonthon Sai 3 to start over. Call the finance department to seize the car. Tell my wife how many people there are?, 3 children, 1 wife, the life of a brother who has come across many stories that can inspire the younger generation who have dreams but do not know how to start. I want to tell him: If you talk about the entertainment industry today, people enter the entertainment industry very easily. If you have a mobile phone, you may be popular on social media. You come into the entertainment industry and you don't aim that you have to be loud. But if you look ahead and it's not, there's a lot of tricky paths. So whatever you do to make a living, honestly, you do it. IT'S BECAUSE YOU'RE PROUD OF YOURSELF.
Young Kornchai Open the image of the wounds all over the body, Dew Arisara, who was attacked, and was shocked.|Many people were shocked. After seeing the nearly all the scars on Dew Arisara's body, he was attacked and injured by his ex-boyfriend during their relationship. The behaviors include putting hot instant noodles on your head and many other things. Every time you wash your face, makeup, you will see these wounds and have to think about why you have to sit and swallow what you have done. Two legs are pictured covered in blood. There was a picture of Dew's leg wounded and a man's back with a tattoo on his back next to it. Young Korrachai said he wanted to see signs of abuse. The wounds that Dew had inflicted on him, what he had done in his life, which Dew released yesterday, only showed traces of wounds on his face. BUT THE FACT THAT DEW WAS ALMOST ENTIRELY PHYSICALLY SPONSORED, THE PART THAT LOOKED LIKE THEY BROKE UP FOR SO LONG, WHY JUST UNFOLDED? Young Korrachai has revealed that Dew has tried to explain that she is reluctant. It's like something stuck haunting her all along. On Jan. 15, 2023, she learned that one of the people who witnessed the incident had never helped her. Getting married Why do I have to sit back and swallow what she gave me so I opened this story.sponsored
Tong Kawin is arrested Mariya confesses to being a FC.|The fans have already caught jin for Tong Kawin Thamsatchanan and Mariya Poollertlap. After the couple went on a singing show across the wall together. Tong Kawin attended the launch of Muse Society, a restaurant and entertainment center, and was asked by the media about his condition in the show that looked shy for women. But if anyone follows me on Facebook or IG, you will see that I will already have a clip of me playing guitar singing, like a hobby, playing when we are not practicing football, many people are surprised?thank you. As I said, I like to sing. Many people may not have seen this angle yet, but thank you to the show for inviting us out, it's a show that I like to watch already. We followed him when he was in the Miss Universe pageant, we loved him for answering questions, we saw him as the one who answered and it affected the wider society, sponsored us, we looked shy about him too?(laughs) It's a color on the show (can't the eyes fool each other?) Really, my eyes are all over (laughs). In fact, as I said, we followed him, it's considered another FC and then after that day, there's a round of contact, or can I ask for some contact? He's probably in a different circle. But if I have the opportunity, I would like to work with him, as he often does, as a charity with children and society, which I personally think we are up to. I think it's a good thing to do something back into society, but if he invites or has the opportunity, is he willing to develop a relationship? Honestly, I haven't really thought about that yet. I just really got to know him that day and he didn't know me, but if I had the opportunity to work together, I would get to know him better. He's a very beautiful person (smiling) otherwise he didn't go to Miss Universe. I think that's the environment there, with the costumes we dress similarly. The light there matched perfectly, and it made people like that (laughs). I asked if my friend teased, but he was just a normal tease. Didn't we dare to flirt with him? I think we did our part. Do our job If I have the opportunity to meet him, it's nice to work together and now we're single? I want to take care of my mom as best I can because I just lost my dad, I want to spend time with my mom, take care of my mom a lot. In the future, after we've played football to the fullest. At some point, we want to pass on the experiences we've had, both domestically and internationally, to the kids who have dreams of becoming professional footballers and agree to be single. It's normal to have friends to talk to, but I haven't opened up about that (everyone has the same rights?). (smiling)SPONSORED
Sek Loso endures a rough copy of the show. If not, prepare for prosecution.|The famous rocker Sek Loso can't stand the performance of the performer imitating the artist, also known as a copy show, which is often so barbaric that it makes the famous singer uncomfortable because it is the opposite of Sek's real habits. And it's a bad example for the latest youth. Sek Loso posted a picture of himself and wrote the caption, "Copy it, but don't damage it, don't play too much..." He also posted a statement explaining the matter via the SEK LOSO fan page, with the following content: "A statement asking for cooperation from 'Sek Loso', since in the past, many actors imitated artists, commonly known as 'copy shows', who imitated Sek Loso with disrespectful words and inappropriate mannerisms, spreading on social media, misleading some people into thinking that it was 'Sek Loso'. It is considered to be extremely inappropriate and illegal for defamation, both for the actors who copy the show and those who come to comment. 'Sek Loso' Because what the copy show actors have done is completely contrary to the character of 'Sek Loso', and the elder Sek Loso has expressed concern, fearing that the younger generation who have 'Sek Loso' as an idol will be misunderstood. It should be expressed with respect to the original artist in order to establish good norms and further develop the profession of copy performers. If not, we will take legal action to the end, everyone loves each other, must respect each other, thank you to the artist custodian. 'Sek Loso', please share it. Thank you."
Pai Likk ready to bump, deposited to the parties, Dew Arisara Don't get me wrong, don't run away, let's fight. |After Dew Arisara opened a photo of himself being physically assaulted and bleeding out yesterday, he said: An ex-lover who is now a brother like Pai Likk has moved by posting a picture of Dew who was physically abused and ready to help this younger, whose story was revealed yesterday (February 8, 2023) has attracted a lot of attention. Pai: I've known each other since I was 19-20 years old, I've known each other for over 10 years, I've known each other like my sister, I've grown up since I didn't finish school. It's like we see a tree growing up, but one day it might not be seen here, we see him growing up and bonding. Let's get closer to the latest issues with Dew Arisara. The person who knows the most besides the personal manager is Bamboo?  Bamboo: (laughs) I think there's something to discuss. I didn't just help him. Sometimes he's helping out with things we've done, we've helped each other, whether it's COVID, we've always helped each other. Helping the people, Dew helped on the day when the issue arose, and Dew came out to open up the family's information. Who is involved in an online gray business called Macau888?  Pai: I don't know, lately I respect him because he has a family, he talks a lot, it's not ideal, it shouldn't be, but after it came out, we asked him why he did it, and I reminded him that we knew it was pretty strong. We have to understand that, as you can see, I acknowledge it. The network is quite large, but today we are going to say that he is wrong, it is still not right, but we know that the network is quite a bit, even if it exists or does not exist. That's part of what makes us know how strong he is. If he slips in. He's going to be innocent, and we're going to get hit with anything back, and there's events that we've been through and where we can help. There have been some clashes, but has it ever been acknowledged that Dew has always been the subject of assault from 1/4?  Bamboo: It's an assault, we're aware of it, but the point we don't come out with is: He's a beautiful woman, a star, a mother or whatever, and the entertainment industry might not look good, or it's going to be good, nobody knows. He was afraid of being erased, so he left it. When did Dew get physically abused?  Bamboo: When he first broke his head, it was probably the first wound. When I called him, I asked him. He sent me a picture. I was shocked. He refuses to tell, but he tries to fight it after the issue comes out, there is a question from society?  Pai: He's trying to fight, he's not a woman who wants to change his lover. I speak as a brother. Not going to say who. I believe these symptoms are not caused by the mind alone. It must have had some other element. Let the doctor analyze the death threats. Open Dew's chat with his ex-girlfriend on Line. Have you ever heard of this?  Bamboo: I've seen it for a long time. When he broke up, it was clear. I've always seen it when Dew was locked up. Once in the past, ask someone who had worked with Dew Arisara late, disappeared. Discomfort, stomach pain, a lot A lot of people think that Dew party is heavy. Dewfiers But in the end, that's not the case. The people he was dating didn't let him come to work. How is it when Dew goes out to work? He'll punch him in the face, make his face green, and his face swell. Cracked face so you don't have to go to work. Bamboo knows, right? Pai: If it's about this, I'll hear some, but ask for details like this. When he was dating, I wasn't busy. If he came to consult, he would give more advice, but asked how this person really was, he already knew it all. Pai: The day he actually broke up and he came to consult, I would rather be a mentor than where we can support or where we think it's beyond reason to help. Most of the time, it's going to be like that and then the heaviest day?bamboo: it's going to be when he's in the ICU, so we don't have to talk about what it's all about. Which I visited. His mother cried and sat down to talk, but asked if there was still a bond with the people who were together. I think it's going to take a little more time to break up, have you ever helped? MANY PEOPLE WONDERED WHAT DEW DID TO WANT TO BLACKMAIL AND TAKE MONEY FROM HIM?: I'M NOT GOING TO ASK HIM EITHER, AND I WOULDN'T ASK HIM IF HE WAS GOING TO BLACKMAIL HIM. But I think blackmail must not come out like this, because coming out like this is not possible. Today, if I've been with him since childhood, I've always seen his face. Like today, I look at him from today to that day, if you look at him well, his face will be distorted. If there's a picture, we'll see where it's swollen, look at it and he's going to have to put up with it, I think he's going to be really uncomfortable, but with the situation and the current situation, it's a sticking point. Because he tried to say this many times and only this time it was a case of a policeman going to Dew's nail salon: This happened 2 days ago, when I first didn't know it was the police, we were shocked, this is part of me that came out to post. And I came out and posted a picture to make it clearer because we definitely saw it and told me that there were two people who at first didn't know they were police. Entering the store, an able-bodied man comes in and asks who the shopkeeper is. When he finished asking, he said that tomorrow he would bring someone to do a manicure, which looked like a shape, and we knew, and that the shop was all invested by his fellow celebrities, so I thought? We didn't think we could speak out because we were worried about it when we talked to the police and it became even harder for the police to check on the nail salon. If he says, go check the store. I got a manicure and didn't know it was Dew's shop, so I had to tell him that I had to ask the other way to see if he had asked me to go this way. That's what happened and caused me to come out and post on the director's side to confirm that it was a duty-based inspection?: I see police officers are both good and bad, and the people who worked on this arrest, I think they did a great job. I believe the evidence must have arrived, and I see the point that no one has said before, is that he had a pub partner somewhere that day when the police would go down, this pub was closed before the police arrived, and it was in the area. Thonglor police asked if it had to be ordered out anyway, to go to check everywhere or to check it out by myself, but when I saw my brother speaking, I called the chairman of the police commission, and he said it's okay, but asked him to come and talk to me first, and I would have invited these two people to sit down and talk to the inner circle saying that the two people went to the nail salon. Is it a subordinate of someone involved in this?: A deputy director. And let me remind you that we still don't know who's right and who's wrong. Let's get it right and wrong, let's just say that as an officer, today we don't go to help the perpetrators, it's not good. I'll definitely follow up on that. I'm going to invite the two of them out to talk to the brothers. B. Who has a problem with Dew, he used to have an affair with you, even to the point of putting money on his head?Pai: Well, someone said that, and I don't want to talk about what it's been through, we're not interested in that part anyway. I worked not as a sister, and I talked to my brother about having someone hurt in his family, but it was really about his family. One already sees this as a family assault, and as well as the abuse of government officials, we already do in the case of heavy assaults. Doctor: 3-4 years is really fast. Some people have been interested for about 10-20 years, it is possible that at that time there was sadness, that people when they were subjected to violence, they would have a lot of reactions in their hearts, from fear to anger to sadness. Am I the cause of bad behavior? Some people feel helpless. Lack of self-confidence, it's gone until it feels like it can't do anything, this kind of feeling is stored, and this kind of feeling is kept unopened, it accumulates that he is silent, sometimes maybe not because he doesn't feel anything anymore, but just maybe there's no rhythm to having someone to help or help blow it out, a woman has been dating a man for almost 2 years and then gets hit until this condition. This is a trace of a wound with stitches on the head. If it breaks like this, the fist smashes wouldn't be? Blood dripped to the ground. This is the violence that Mr. Dew has been subjected to for almost 2 years. A woman who was treated like hell alive, do you know why he didn't report it? He still has star status that day, and he doesn't want anyone to look at him from this angle, it depends on the perspective and the moment, but today it's time for him to get up and fight. With him, he may already have a family. He probably has his thoughts, Doctor: According to statistics. If 10 women who were physically abused in 9 families don't speak, only one person dares to speak. There are 3 main reasons: 1. I don't know who to tell. Some people are unaware that the Social Assistance 1300 hotline is informed of this. 2. Don't be afraid. I'm still goosebumps. Ordinary people sometimes see and are afraid, or people around their friends see and do not dare. Is he going to be okay or not, it's his personal story 3. We don't believe that telling anyone will be manageable. I don't believe in the system, I don't believe in reporting, I'm afraid that nothing will change in Dew's case. The fact that today it has been 3 years and then came to press the button And people come to say why 3 years did not come out and say? Let's say you don't have a boyfriend and you've been subjected to violence by your parents, and you love them so much, you don't want to tell anyone, and sometimes we ask, eh, is it because I made a mistake? It's getting less and less humane, and it makes me feel like I can't ask anyone for help. It's not uncommon to keep 1 2 3 years. Because he feels he shouldn't ask anyone for help, like someone who doesn't believe in the system that the police will help him. When one day that person's authority recedes, it may be that moment that he can shout for help from today, what will Dew do next?Doctor: This one, I think, at least what you dew out. It has unleashed itself in the matter that has lingered in its own mind. I think Mr. Dew might have to take care of his own mental well-being, because sometimes it explodes. It has some consequences: All right, Dew doesn't want it to be this big. Today, he only protects his family, because his family has been put back, and this is quite important to the system of society. I think if this continues, there's no one left to talk about. People who come to ask questions have to ask themselves if they encounter these things. Would you still dare to come out and do this to him? Everything pictures, everything chat. He kept it for a long time.  And I've already asked him if he'll come out. He denied that he didn't, but one day he was cornered. He had to sell his disapproval. It's even more pathetic than this picture where Mr. Dew was strangled, risking his death as well. It's vandalism?doctor: In fact, in this day and age, we are developing communication. We've been through a long time in caves. In the old days, being in a cave may have been settled by force, but humans have developed communication. Therefore, violence is unnecessary and inevitable on the other hand. Say there's proof of money transfer, but in Mr. Dew's corner it shouldn't be like that. Pai: I think that as of today, the whole thing is already 2 angles. The fire we lit was going to spread everywhere, and I talked to Dew, and I believe that today, including his husband, it needs to be investigated. I think if the review is all put in, it's a good thing. I believe that if it comes out. The girls go to each other, and you'll see for yourself if there's only two dating people. It's an incident that happened when they were in love. It's complicated that I think there was a loan agreement that was borrowed in the first place (a picture of a man signing a document recording the repayment to Dew Arisara for 9.8 million baht). Dew said, let's be honest, that day lover was born. Asked if he had anything for me, it was a lover. It's another story, but he's just a fan. So be careful about deflecting issues. Today's issue is to look at gray business, who has been involved recently, someone has cleared up. See the information he's submitted to clear up a little bit (open the chat line that goes down to the stream node page). This intermediary, if to be honest, is a general's son, and is the person who was issued an arrest warrant in this regard, but has been cleared of 1 issue of gray business, who was involved in that process? Who is it sent to? Did you get the news that there is a color industry involved, right? Pai: yes, the most worrisome is Black because he does 2 main businesses. It's a grey business. The fact that he was involved in opening a pub. The process was already close, giving him intimacy with the police. That's why I'm saying we're going to do something quite difficult with Dew, how do we get help?  Bamboo: Help with website exposure and abuse, and finally, safety. As for me, the first 2. I believe the police officers are already working. Website Matters The police are still doing their job, sticking around, and including women getting abused, this shouldn't have happened, so we'll see what we can do. 10 years old can still be informed, but intimidation can not be more than a year, maybe too much, can't do anything. When it comes to safety, I'll have to help, but I don't know how much I can help. As for the people around you who have an impact. She apologized, but all four had always been aware of what she had been doing to her eldest brother from this house, but no one had helped her until one day on January 15. She let everything out. And that's where this woman comes from. There are two issues with the assault on Dew and the gray business, and everyone is trying not to avoid going anywhere. In fact, we've acknowledged a lot of things. I want the authorities to want this case to be proven to make it right, and anyone who is trying to help is better off following the right process. At the end of the day, I have to respect that court, that's probably the most appropriate doctor: I want to talk about domestic violence. The problem that has been with Thai society for a long time is irrational or ineligible for you to use violence, talk to reduce domestic violence. For someone who is doing it, you can stop. For the person who is being executed, you can claim yourself. Don't let yourself be a repeat victim during the show, I've asked permission to reach you. Dew Arisara then talks about her story through Ms. Pai, and Ms. Dew is also watching. She recently texted me: "She said love, thank you to everyone for their support, thank you everyone, and hopefully the fairness law will help clarify things. And she was hurt by opening but not opening, doctor: I want to encourage you that this is not easy for someone to come out and say, and also know that our speech can have many consequences, and that anyone who has been physically abused and has this kind of courage is admirable. I believe it will be an encouragement to many other people who are in the same situation and need encouragement, need the courage to get out of the situation. Pai: He probably didn't have enough of what happened to him?Pai: I used to ask him why his mouth was so good, and he said no, and he and I were racing together but it was a different kind of race, so I saw what it was like, but today my society emphasizes not to glorify people who do this. Sometimes we just go to glorify the money, that the car is good, the car is beautiful, it has to stop, it is to see that it is doing the right thing best, both must say that 4 B. is still innocent and he has not entered the process of 1 person being the accused according to the arrest warrant, so we have to wait to see when the final surrender will be made. In the end, three others, of course, had to resign from the police. Another had to postpone the wedding. Everyone has the right to say no, but we'll have to wait for the results to prove what all four of them are involved in, including those that have sprouted. I have to see where it is?: It's not wrong, it's not wrong. Maybe he's getting a foothold? I'm closed, as you can see, back to fighting. If not, what's wrong? If you come out and fight in the first place, it won't come to harm.
Pai Likk reveals his feelings for Dew Arisara after exposing his shell There's only one loop (clip).|After actress Dew Arisara came out to clear up all the issues. Whatever the reason why he decided to come out and unfold his ex-girlfriend. Bai Leaf, the founder of a gambling website, has also been subjected to severe physical abuse by Pai OnePoint or Pai Likk, another former lover of Dew Arisara, who has posted a Facebook post encouraging Dew. Pai also revealed on the unfolding show that she had recently spoken to Dew and acknowledged her feelings: "I feel that one person, not Dew, who has come out to unfold these things and he has to face a lot of things, we should come out and defend him. I came out here just because I wanted to know if you played something stronger and we played something stronger and I still don't know how he's going to be when he comes back and society will see if he's doing it because of the money. Which, if it were to be done because of money, wouldn't do this. I wanted to look at this angle more than personally, Dew, who I talked to him about, and he was only worried that if any day his child came to see these things. HE WILL FEEL THAT IT WILL NOT BE GOOD".SPONSORED
Relive the words Dew Arisara to Pai Likk This man will never disappear from his life. |After Pai Likk came out to defend Dew Arisara as an older brother. After Dew came out unfolding the acronym family. Dew Arisara once talked about his relationship with Pai Likk, who, despite their long breakup, is still a loving sibling, hopeful and always ready to help each other. Whether it's dating or breaking up, it's going to stay the same forever. He said to Dew before they broke up that he felt like he was one of his children and Dew also recalled the days when they were dating and were seen as dating each other because of money. It's easier to live, but ask if it's the main factor in how we live together. It wouldn't be, because to be honest, there would be other people who are the same, more handsome, but why this person, because there may be many things that are compatible. As for the capital in Dew's love story, Dew is already worth it, it's ok, if you put it visually, it's more like that, and Dew is still working hard. If Dew really was his girlfriend, Dew wouldn't have to work, and he didn't want Dew to do that job either. Wanting to sleep to watch the series alone, Dew asked if it was ok (smiling).
Prajakchai clarified instead, Ae Mira could not go to the famous show because of the old disease.|After the singer Aye Mira Chonlawiralwanit is preparing to go on channel 8's "Celebrity Sit Clear" show and will give an interview to the media. In the case of winning the case of depriving a minor from her ex-husband, Krupaiboon Saengduan, and clearing the relationship with the lawyer. After the music teacher accused them of giggling, but eventually canceled the show, citing the recent discomfort. Prajakchai Haithong Golden Jar Record Board Executive Records Ae Mira's agent posted a statement on behalf of the singer about her illness that prevented her from joining the show. He said, "#เอ๋ Mira, an old disease aggravated by severe spinal pain, a good lawyer is taking him to the hospital in Sai Mai, and apologizes to all the media and TV shows." He said, "I've been selling stuff for 2 years, I've been talking for hours, I'm a salesperson, I'm happy to live... I've been injecting drugs, I've taken medication, it's like something's inflame I can barely wake up from my bed today, and I'm in a lot of pain. Call the doctor, the doctor tells you to go for an x-ray urgently. Waiting for my brother and Pup to come and get to the doctor, the pain is very high. Today, I apologize to everyone who contacted the event and customers on tiktok may not be able to give out red envelopes as scheduled last night.
Notice the face of Dew Arisara is not the same until Pai Likk reaches the point of strength.|Many people have seen pictures of Dew Arisara being abused by her ex-boyfriend all over her body, even shocked that she had been hit this size. The tape of February 8, 2023, featured some episodes that caught Dew's face now, saying, "I talked to him. He's only worried right now. If one day his child sees something like this, he will feel bad that I saw his face today. I still feel like his face is not the same. People have been together for a long time. I know what his face looks like, and if I see the picture again, I'll understand. Can you imagine, it's crooked? I said, I understand. I saw his face, I still felt it was violent."
Dew Arisara Hopefully, the law will help to be fair.|Many people continue to follow the issue that Dew Arisara has decided to come out publicly about why she came out to unfold, her ex-boyfriend has opened an online gambling website and shared tears that she had been physically and mentally abused by her ex-lover for almost 2 years, but the family members had no one to help. Young Korrachai also brought the issue to sit down and talk. While the show is ongoing. Young revealed that Dew Arisara had sent a message to "During the course of the show, I asked permission to reach Ms. Dew Arisra that her story would be discussed through Ms. Pai and Ms. Dew was watching. She then read the message on the phone that Dew sent to me, saying, "She said thank you to everyone for your support. Thanks everyone. Hopefully, the fairness law will help clarify things. And Young continued, "And she was clear and wanted to tell us that it all opened up like an opening for herself. AND SHE'S HURT BY OPENING BUT NOT OPENING."
Sam Yuranan thinks of watermelon when a boat goes out in the Chao Phraya River (video)|It was an incident that made the young actor Sam Yuranan, the bummer, have goosebumps. When he sails in the middle of the Chao Phraya River and passes by the restaurant where the late actress Watermelon Nida or Watermelon Pattarathida Patcharaveerapong had his last meal and talked about the accident, but after the boat went out and couldn't contact anyone on TikTok @samyuranunt Sam posted a clip with the caption "Excitement #คิดถึงแตงโม #สปีดโบ๊ท #ว่าจะไม่เล่านะ #แซมยุรนันท์ #แซมยุรนันท์ภมรมนตรี #samyuranunt". Sam recalled the incident, "There is an exciting story to tell, the boat went out, the boat broke down in the middle of the Chao Phraya River, unbelievable, what happened is that the boat is running, suddenly it goes off and does not start again. We drove the boat past the restaurant where the watermelon ate before he died, and then we sat at the stern of the boat and talked, "Hey, can this kind of accident really happen?" I turned off without a flute, and I didn't start again (sigh), so I raised my hand and told my brother, "Brother, that's what I'm talking about." I miss you, I miss you, and I'm in the water, I miss you, I think about you, whether you say it or not. We'd better send nostalgia to you. The phone is on. Someone can pick us up. Although some people are desperate and sleep better because it is an hour and it appears that they have reached out to get a jet ski to pick them up. He drove to pick us up, and told us to drag us ashore. Can a small boat tow a big one? He said it was very comfortable. And it took us all safely ashore. Thank you very much. I don't believe it, I want to tell Mo that we always miss you. I still love and miss you.".sponsored
Guinness World records Ah Chalong, the world's oldest living Thai director |Congratulations to Ah Chalong Phakdeewijit The director-drama director of The Guinness World Records is the world's oldest single-man and first-person producer of the world's oldest drama by the record date of 90 years and 297 days, which is now 91 years old and has worked in the industry for more than 25 years. Two Earths Fans of action dramas must stay tuned.
"Sammy" Force! Find Valentine's Day surf content right now.|Surfing with creative clothes in front of me and dancing at every festival. Until Sammy Cowwell became a full-fledged content mogul, I had to ask, how is each content planned for each festival? "Can't you take it? I don't use the word goddess, it's a lot of pressure (laughs). At first, I wasn't going to chill out, and when I had to come to every festival, it was really stressful. Maybe it's been a year and I can't figure it out because we've already done it. The previous time I played very big, how about lightly focusing on the headboard?" Why are we playing big? "It's a sport that we like and it's a festival, and I really don't know why I started doing it after Chinese New Year last year." "The manager pressed (laughs) to see the comment that people were waiting to see it, it had to be every festival, but every year it was difficult but challenging because at least the trends each year are different." "I asked the people around me if I had any ideas because I couldn't really think of any, but luckily there are friends in the fashion industry, Thai dance industry will help each other." "I can't say that yet, but I can't", or do I have to play a duet? "Can we find a partner right now?" "Yes, I'm so beautiful, isn't it?" "When it comes in, because we're not kids anymore, we have to think a lot, but really, we don't make a lot of choices or difficult choices, but with a lot of elements, with past experience it has taught us to grow up." "Yes, we don't have jobs, we have money, we don't have a partner, we don't have that belief. "Yes, people around me whispered that she looked too hard, too strong, to be more fragile. Anyone who comes in has to get where we are. Get family, peers. I'm working on it now, "How are you doing lately?" "There's definitely drama this year, let's hold on", since becoming an independent actor, it's getting more and more so? "I think I've been doing a lot of roles in rainbow dramas, so maybe I'll see you wearing swimsuits a lot, but we're also playing water sports."
Open Warp Junior Sweetheart Jackie handsome with a dashing aura. A rising star hero to watch.|Becoming the newest love child from Channel 3 for Junior Kaj pandit Jaidee. Hot guy with fragrant meat From the evening drama that is currently on air with 18 crowns, stumble love, playing the role of Jira, a handsome lawyer, Oppa, cute, fuzzy. The charm, the aura is beyond resistance, until the child loves the mother, who is the full social world, who is this young man? What have you been through? Today, for sure. Kaj pandit Jaidee or Junior was born on July 12, 1996, is currently 26 years old and 186 centimeters tall, graduated with a bachelor's degree in statistics. Faculty of Science from Thammasat University The beginning of the path in the entertainment industry was caused by the persuasion of Manager Pae Thasorn from the job. Football traditions Hobbies like Tap the ball, box. Live a simple life Love nature In terms of food, he puts meat and seafood in his heart. Spec girls like cheerful people. Fun, cute, affectionateSPONSOREDThe entertainment industry life started from advertising photography and MV shooting until entering the theater industry where the first show from Yom Envoy and The Girl Spirit. Tantan Chapter The 18 Crowns stumbled upon love, which is handsome and twitched in a row with the Oppa aura. The drama series Duangjai Thevaprom, Yay Pla Eel and Mr. Hiso, Airspace Chalalai and the special project series from Channel 3 that he asked to hold as a big surprise soon can be called the new rising stars to watch the most. Spoilers come to support him in 18 crowns, stumble on Love on Channel 3, and you can catch up on his son's cuteness from his personal Instagram : kajbhunditt.
"Cheek Kulkornpat" ready to sing in the big stage play "Venom Swat The Musical"|The wait is over. Cheam–Kulkornpat Phothongnak or Cheam–Kulkornpat Mernard is the daughter of former singer Thipwan Pinpiban and the only Thai actress to star in the world-class drama The King and I, which opens in the West End of England. In 2018, she was ready to take the stage to show her talents to Thai theater fans again. In the great stage play that everyone has been waiting for. "Venomsawat The Musical" will open in June at Muang Thai Rachadalai Theatre. Thai theatre fans will be able to experience her world-class vocals live. In the great stage play of the year "Venomsawat The Musical" in the role of "Khun Ubon" with the story of "The bondage of love...mysterious, stable, forever". Sundaryanakit The no.1 musical hero in Thailand in this era, directed by Thakolkiat Weerawan, can follow the news. The greatest stage play of the year "VenomSwat The Musical" on facebook : Scenario & Rachadalai.SPONSORED
Karn Vibhakar boils over instead. Sek Loso was discredited by a copy of the show.|It's a story that makes rockers Dang Sek Loso unbearable. For the performances of actors imitating artists, also known as copy shows, which are often barbaric and crude, it makes them uncomfortable because they are opposed to their real habits and set a bad example. Dreading the youth to misunderstand and imitate Karn Vibhakar Sri, Sek's wife, also does not want to put up with this. Posted a clip of a copy show and wrote, "Does anyone have any other information? Young Hanuman, the one who copies the sect and the crab Phongsit I used to pretend to be drunk and fall on stage. I blamed him. Now I know ok, but I have to control the show to give a good image, not just a negative image for everyone.2. Beer Sek Copy Show This person who likes to do stirring moves. Sucking on a cigarette and saying, "I don't normally speak rudely, it's a mockery that discredits this artist." ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT SUING OR WILL YOU BE KIND?SPONSORED3. This bastard, who has the latest problem, climbed the roof from one side to the other side of the stage and people understood that it was a squeak, insulted and sued several times", before posting another copy of the clip and writing, "Damn, I definitely found it. I can't find enough with my husband and I haven't realized it yet. I never thought anyone else would be so damaged!" amid comments from fans who criticized the affair for not being cute, losing their image and telling them to take matters into their own hands.
"Harry Stiles" with "Harry's House" album served Thai fans in "Love on Tour 2023"|Countdown to "Harry Styles" The talented young artist, who won 2 Grammy Awards in the last 2023, with the album "Harry's House", which is about to reopen in Thailand with the latest tour "HARRY STYLES LOVE ON TOUR 2023" on Saturday, March 11 at Rajamangala Stadium, organized by Life Nation Tero. It will be the opening concert of the Harry Stiles tour of Asia before he continues his tour to Manila. The tour will be held in the Philippines, Singapore, Seoul, South Korea and Tokyo, Japan. In addition to Thai fans listening to songs from Harry's House album, there will also be popular songs from Harry Styles albums and Fine Line to show for fans to listen to and sing thaiticketmajor.com livenation.co.th along.
Video of me crying with sweet chick revealing the day of the hospital Tell me not to want to be a dew.|It's a hot topic in the online world right now. In the case of Ms. Dew Arisara, pure gold, recorded a clip explaining the reasons for talking about 4 siblings. B. is involved in gambling and has been physically abused by his ex-lover. Although the men in the house were aware of it, no one helped. Recently, netizens have put forward a clip of the YouTube show "Mommy Red Badge! The biggest gift of this year!!! Shuffle hwanjeab Official, who had a moment when Sweet Chick Thanarat, personal manager, talked about how he felt after hearing the news that Sebastian Lee had proposed to Dew and said that Dew had been through a lot. Arisara said, "When I reviewed a lot of what I went through, I found that I was really tired, even though I never felt like I was good, but I came through it because of the people around me who were good, too, the people around us... There was an incident in the hospital. Dew opened his eyes and found Sweet shocked. After that incident, Sweet tries to teach Dew to feel love for himself. Dew, try it for yourself. Look in the mirror and see how beautiful the woman in the mirror is. Why did Dew never love himself, which today do you know why he taught me to love myself?" Some of the photos that Dew feels so happy, Dew will tag to sweet brother, that today he knows what he wants to love himself, sad. I don't want to say the same. WE DON'T KNOW WHAT THE WORD LOVE REALLY IS. But today we know that it's important to choose what's good, right, and value ourselves, or whatever it is that bounces back today. Recalling his sweet brother's words of self-love, I was grateful to him that he had always warned of it. Because we have that today."
Sun Ryu, a life crisis that has been met with scandals, is seen as a madman.|After Sun Ryu or Ryu Sun Tangsawatrat, the famous former hero of the 90s, opened his heart with tears from being a famous star. In the end, he became homeless, had no family, had to earn a living by selling things, and suffered from bipolar disorder. It took more than 10 years for Ryu to open up on the Talk Show. Channel One31 Revealing the crisis of life that has been exposed to scandals, traumatic in the heart, and the story that made me want to commit suicide 2 times, now how is the trend?", not followed, did not watch, never watched social media, did not follow anything related to the entertainment industry since 20 years old. I'm thinking hard about how to launch it, so people can see what Ryu is. What kind of old '90s actors are in the state, I think I'm going to open up?" Channel One?", Mr. Boy, he came to talk to himself. He said he would come to the place. I said, let's talk about it first. Listen to information on how to talk, talk for 2 hours. At that moment, I talked to him. He says it's easy to work in the entertainment industry. I said that I was satisfied to earn 100-200 baht a day, he was stunned, sat down for an interview and had tears in his eyes, I didn't understand why, because people's lives are struggling. Because I've been through "SPONSORED, but there are some back-and-forth to the club?", I apologize to all of you. I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything. I love him as much as I do. I didn't say anything, that's my heartfelt acquaintance, I did everything for RS, I tried to maintain every image in my personal life as well, but in the end, the moment I told the truth, the hia that I was talking about wasn't hye-ho, but hee-tia. My brother was in magic company at the time, and he took good care of me. I'm sorry I didn't mean to. I don't think it will have an impact," many people said. Ryuba?"This is what I've always been hit. The media has done this to me, and everyone is wary of talking to Ryu. It's crazy, it's crazy, it's history, it's crazy, "Ryu has 3 kids with his ex-wife, isn't that love?", it's a type of love. Let me call it that. It's a love that I quite wish well, I want to have children, I want to be in love with each other, I want to support my family together, I agree that I'm together. Like some people look at us in drama, right? Look at us as characters, love Ryu as a hero, but I'm not, I have my own personality with my wife expecting us to be a real hero, but we're not. He said that he could accept Ryu's identity, and I said, "Yes, I can get married, I have a child with him, but the other problems that have happened are not to be discussed, because nowadays he has a good life and my child is cute." Since we look too beautiful in family matters, it appears that the path we think of and reality is counterproductive. It turned out to be jealousy, from what his wife could say, to be unacceptable, "what caused suicidal thoughts?" from which we separated. The family is broken, the children are not together. There's a little bit of a buzz. That I was going to see my child in a state of no money. As a father, we want to give him money, we want to take care of him, but every time I see him it takes money, so I feel like my child is a hostage or not, so I think if I have me for him, I really give it, I will sign a check of 3-4 lakhs at a time. IT HAS TEARS IN ITS EYES, "SPONSORED, SHOW THAT VISITING EACH CHILD?", OF COURSE I AM PLEASED. I had money at the time, "And when we separated from my wife and 3 children, what was our job like?" I organised the event in Impact"So when did it start to break down?", my work went very well. Money is no problem at all, but there is a reputation problem. When it was news, everyone took the trend. Stick to the current. The media wrote it that way. Separate issues, I'm crazy. I'm crazy. I attacked my wife, and it went viral in the early social era of the time when smartphones came in. There was a Facebook hi5 coming in, it turned out that the screen was located like this, but the stress was visible to people all over the country"It shows that our life that was broken at that time was not a family, not 3 children, not an ex-wife, but because of social media?", but I will not blame social media because social media will be free of people's opinions, how I feel like I read this news, will he believe it or not, will it be encouraging or insulting. Mannana Chittang I myself work in the entertainment industry and I feel that if we care a lot about criticism, then I wouldn't have to do any work. So my job is very important. 1. Being a hero is not easy. So when the news comes to an impact, of course, but does the press know? If it's yourself. Your own family. Someone is going to write about you, but okay, you're not a star, not an artist, but you're the one who wrote it, your pen name, have you ever been responsible for anything in your life that broke down? The book sells, yes, "the point that we think it's really broken is that it's happening from where the press writes the headlines?", some media outlets are good, like Mr. Boy. He said so. He'll help us. He's ethical. He has a heart as a fellow human being. Friends have to think this way, not that they're catching this news. The press considers itself very big. Don't think of yourself as big"From the news it happened. This made us think about jumping a suicide tower?", with the wound there being very heavy, the headline that Ryu was in an insane asylum, interviewing the show, telltale. Brother Kornchai Taking information from different places, Ryu solved the AIS center, but using his mouth to speak out in the media, I asked. What a maniac is going to solve the scolding of AIS, driving a Benz to pay 2 thousand phone bills, even to be angry to solve the fabric?" Jumping a building?", with other people like, don't talk to Ryu, Ryu is crazy. It shows that old information is addicted to internet media. No one has ever solved it"As a medium. "It was what Ryu said at that time, the news went that way, one of the words that Ryu didn't say, but it was in the press release at that time was that the teenage hero betrayed the fans. This is a word that I think should be in Ryu's heart, and it's a wound in his heart. Remember Ryu, we asked Ryu how to treat mental illness? Boy doesn't call him a ban. He said there were five hospitals in 10 years. He's sick because since he entered the industry, there have been a lot of things that have crushed his heart," Ryu said, "Do you know why I'm sick?" I love the entertainment industry, it's my family, it's my house, but this house when people stab me with knives to sell news. When relatives will still hurt each other when we are in trouble, instead of supporting Ryu in this way. Ryu takes care of the baby. We can create a picture of a good father, walk in the warm way of family, raise children, take children here, but it's still better than Ryu. "When I listened to this, did you think the press could kill one person? Can negative news kill people? "We already knew it was damaging to the senses, but Ryu was the first case of being a journalist for over 20 years that this was an example of the media of that era. As Ryu found, tucked the baby. Betrayal the fan, it was a word that came to Ryu's mind and that was the first 2 hours on the first day I met and then it came to us. We felt it was a wound in his heart. Do we do it too, we ask ourselves? The next day we interviewed Ryu at the Grammys. But we sat down that night to reflect on how we communicated Ryu well, and people understood Ryu and Boy confirmed the date of the interview before the interview. He wasn't crazy. He was a little nervous, but he was a little sad and ironic, and he didn't know who to rely on because it was so overwhelming," Ryu said, "It turned out that the media, our whole family, were hurting. Playing the hero, the house itself says that if Mung is like this, Gu can destroy Mung's reputation. At that time, I thought about whether or not to go to merit first, I drove to the temple to make merit for 2 million baht, now I don't have to do anything anymore. Gold is very important to everyone. There's gold, isn't it? I went to the Chiang Rai countdown, and I carried about a million baht in my pocket. Go for a beer, celebrate, and countdown. I don't take anything for granted, I think I'm going to kick the horizon enough. In the new year, I'm going to be a new person, I'm going to spend 200,000 baht, and when I count down, I throw money," once we wanted to commit suicide, but survived because we still wanted to be fathers to our children. I didn't want to stay, and I decided that at that time there was also a study that people committed suicide. Where to jump and die, you have to watch the news, I have to calculate the height. Calculate how long he jumped, and how he accomplished it. I checked the news and actually traveled at that point, I tried 2 times, I went 2 days in a row. I first went to the parking floor of The Mall Bangkapi. Can I see this through? Ouch, the car passed, and if a passerby passed by Gu over him, he died, Gu sinned again. Day 2 Let me check if anyone loves Gu, but there are still no vital signs of love, so you can leave me. The day he traveled abroad"And then the 2nd day decided that today would kill himself?Ryu "Of course, today is the day of self-destruction, because there are no vital signs of love. Enough is enough. I don't want to go, I go to a certain point, stand smoking and look. This should be the point of success. Waiting for the moment to count in my heart, the guard walked over and looked at me, and I said nothing. Bird watching He was afraid of him coming around me, because I had stood for so long. Approx. 3 hrs Ryu "That moment smoked all the last pack, thought what kind of death gave the soul a good way, thought that it could die happy. When you throw away your cigarette, go downstairs to see where the cigarette will fall. Look at the wind a little, don't go out into the grass, don't die, be disabled, don't get stuck in any tree, and become a burden to others. Put the cigarette down, put the phone on, get ready to climb, and then for a while the phone comes. My boyfriend called, and I accepted. He asked me where I was, why can't I contact you, I didn't turn on the device, just turned it on, and why did I call? Where are you in the parking lot? What are you going to do? I'm about to jump. He told me he was crazy. He scolded me, and he cried and begged me not to do it. He loves us. I'll send you 2 thousand to go home. "No, before I jumped, I called Ama. Asked if Ama was fine, taking good care of my baby, "Have you ever worked with Nikki before? When I was a teenager, Ryu said, "Well, RS, I'm the host. He was an artist", was it close at the time?, Nikki "wasn't very close, but there were some meetings. Nikki "For me it doesn't have to be close, for Ryu I'm not addicted to anything because of myself. I've been unruly before, and that's what he's probably going through.  I've been through it all. I was able to set myself up today. I felt like I should give someone a chance to help them, so that's what made us feel and posted. Nikki "Is that if people give money, they will run out because they have to use it in their daily lives. If you think you're going to help, you're going to have to do your best, and you're going to create a job for him first. I'll bring him to work with my organization, maybe help with the show, help sell things"Few people are like Nikki, how do you feel inside us?" When he saw the news, when he announced Nikki, he was clear about everything, at least he was one thing similar to me. If I've made a decision, or who will I help? I'll help right away"Are you ready to work with Nikki right now?" I still don't know what Nikki is thinking. Today, I was surprised to be on the show, but I knew that Nikki was looking for something, "What do you want to tell Ryu?" When the show came, okay, surprised Ryu, I canceled everything, and then came, I didn't have a big organization, but I believed that if he knew his worth, he would come back to work, see his potential. His life will feel proud of how much money he will earn".
"Kan Tossan" rises to the hot country podium "Khun Plan Spell (Luang Por Kuai)" changes lives.|It became famous overnight in the past year. After the hot country singer "Kan Tosson" released the song "Khun Plan Spell (Luang Por Kuai)". The overwhelming buzz resulted in a steady and well-known avalanche. This event, Young Karn continues to work on making music this year and believes that it is a good year, met young "Kan", so I asked about the popularity of the song "Khun Plan (Luang Por Kuai)", changing our lives? "I'm very happy, I have to say that it's another stage of my life that I'm stepping up to keep going, I want to leave it to my fans to continue to support." "He said that last year was a bang, but there were still many obstacles, and the fortune teller who looked at me said that this year everything will be open, it is a prosperous year, it is a good encouragement. Personally, I normally go to pray, but later I avoid the upper because we go on and there is no time to solve it. At that time, I used to go with Ta Phran Boon in Nakhon Si Thammarat. 1-2 years ago, if I had a loud buzz overnight, I wouldn't have been able to do it. I'm going to go back to the firecrackers, which is my belief. Recently, the car went against a ten-wheeled car. The driver was a southerner, and when he came down to see us, he softened it. I personally wanted what I wanted but I didn't know if it would be true, so we pushed to say it, but we never forgot, just didn't have time to go. But this was really overnight, the reporter called, it changed my life, we forgot to think we asked for it, so I quickly cleared the queue and went to him. At the end of the month "SPONSORED, WE ARE SINGERS WHO LIKE TO HELP WITH PHILANTHROPY? Sometimes we think we have more than him. If we share this to help him, I think it's not very difficult for us. At the beginning of the year, we continued to make merit to give school supplies at Kositaram Temple. Wat Luang Por Kuai, Chai Nat Province, you are glad to see us. If I have the chance, I'd like to go again." "I thought, but because it's a small part of us that comes to us, but most people encourage us, we focus more on that." Can we handle it better? "I asked if it was getting better. If we get down to anything, it comes like this again. Even if I'm loud for 10 songs or 20 songs, they'll ask me what song I'm popular with, and I'm always facing questions like this: people are prejudiced against us, we can't change their attitude to like us. "Recently, I had the opportunity to sing with Kan-Naphat, an artist we liked since childhood? I'm so glad. Thank you to all the brothers who pushed me to sing songs with each other. We love him so much, he's my idol. He was the one who changed his mind to become a singer. He started out as someone who made me want to be a singer. I watched him on TV. It's been 13 years, and we've been slowly improving ourselves until we get to sing with him." Nowadays, it's always on the line. It's good luck. He's a very nice guy. We have been encouraging him throughout the time that he has seen the news. We didn't want to say much, but we could feel that he wasn't in the news. He's so cute, he sings me a song and he cheers that he sees me as an idol, I'm going to sing him, he's so cute, it touches my heart. This guy, we can only say one word, is what we follow and has him as an idol. Ask if he has any advice for working in the industry. Most of the time we talk about music because we have plans to make music together. But we're still looking at how to write a song, so we want to do our best." "The goal would be to plan more music, how do we keep our characters?" "I asked if there was any pressure, I actually released 10 songs, there were some famous songs, some not loud, but not most of the time, because nowadays the music is difficult to loud, but when there is a trend, it disappears quickly as well, we try to look at the direction throughout the song. If there is more free time, it is likely to be accepted. As for plans to go abroad, there will be a concert tour, my first overseas trip to the UK would be an amazing atmosphere for me."
7HD TOP CHEF THAILAND 2023|Fans of the cooking competition liked this. The wait for TOP CHEF THAILAND 2023 of Heliconia H Group Co., Ltd. is over to find the best new professional chefs who have been selected and judged by 4 strongest judges. Chef Art Supamongkol, Chef Pam Pichaya, Chef Ton Thitit and Chef Wilman Leon The event opened with a bang, drawing a buzz from fans as the 16 chefs competed in Trat. Close the private island, turn the sandy beach into an arena. Start by having the chefs swim. Through the sand Take the first stage with the "Quickfire Challenge" skill test, unwrap the crayfish and cut the squid according to the challenge, as well as the "Elimination Challenge" by randomly picking up a knife from the TOP CHEF knife box to select the ingredients that each person must use to cook for the judges. "Judges' Table" features candid verdicts and criticism. It's called aggressive and fearless, as the show's signature, which aired only at the first episode, was intensely fun. It has created an interesting standard of competition and received a lot of feedback. From social viewers who are actively commenting during live via Facebook Ch7HD, as well as live fanpages of Twitter programs, even threads on websites and news pages that are all in the same direction, the show is very fun. The judges were very tough, but frankly, the show had a very high standard of competition, wanted to continue watching the EP already, and much more. TOP CHEF THAILAND 2023 will multiply the fun of watching every episode for sureSPONSORED to win and cheer on professional chefs to become the new champion in "TOP CHEF THAILAND 2023" every Sunday at 6.00 pm. Watch TV. Press 35 live online BUGABOO.TV and you can follow the show on Channel 7HD press 35 on social media Facebook, IG, Twitter : Ch7HD and Ch7HD Entertainment and watch live online BUGABOO.TV
Cute PP-Bukin gives away the fun through music|PARK ORIGIN THONGLOR HAS BEEN OPENED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF ORIGIN PROPERTY PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED. An aesthetic of living experience that combines hotel-level unique design to make every important moment of life a special moment. Grand Opening The Iconic of Thonglor was held on Friday, February 3, 2023 at 6:00 p.m. at Park Origin ThonglorSPONSORED. Coates, Khun Thira Chutikul, Khun Punyapat Thanomkul, Khun Natthanin Khunathanat, Khun Ploypayap Srikanjana, Khun Thanawan Thephasdin Na Ayutthaya, Khun Kongpat Sakdapitak and the beautiful heroine "Ann Thongprasom" came to congratulate and watch a special show from famous artist PP Krist, Bukin Puttipong to convey happiness through music.   
Koi Rushwin Turn on zap mode, each shot makes people wow. Mom is very good.|Become a mother of one whose life is extremely happy for Koi Rushwin. The beautiful wife of the famous singer Toon BodySlam, who now Mae Koi has invested a lot of time for Nong Talay. My cherished son is quite cute. Tails made the people who followed each other wow in a row. He posted a picture of himself in a bright bikini on the beach with the caption, "Goodbye pm2.5 in Bangkok, let's come back to Phuket first#แม่ไม่ไหวจะดมจริงๆ". How beautiful is this? My 2nd child is coming to my mother.
Mabel-Nui-Liu joins the search for TO BE NUMBER ONE IDOL 13th generation|Now in its 13th year, the "TO BE NUMBER ONE IDOL" contest was organized by the Department of Mental Health to meet the initiative of Ubolratana Rajakanya Siriwattanapanwadee, President of TO BE NUMBER ONE. Good people with quality of society and the nation are the power group of the new generation who are ready to be an important mechanism to drive society in the future. Dr. Sirisak Thitidilakrat The Deputy Director-General of the Department of Mental Health was honored to be the Chairman, with the Principal of Ban To Bee, Mom Luang Yupdee Siriwan, along with the board and teachers Nui Kesarin, Liu Manasswee, etc. In addition, watch the show from Awesome (Teen Dancercise Thailand Championship), "Mabel" from PIXXIE (Mint IDOL 9th Generation) and enjoy the special show "Good and Good" from 'TO BE NUMBER ONE IDOL'. The event was held at The Mall Life Store Ngamwongwan, MCC HALL, 4th floor, sponsored. Search for "TO BE NUMBER ONE IDOL" or "TO BE NUMBER ONE" class 13 of 2023 by having the province select youth to represent the province in the regional and national contests. It is a platform that wants to show the public that TO BE NUMBER ONE youth can develop their potential to be both good and good and to be role models for their friends, TO BE NUMBER ONE members and general youth groups. That has been selected and developed in accordance with the project guidelines. Everyone has made significant progress toward the objectives of the project, particularly in terms of public opinion. Being able to help others, live together with others in harmony, and know how to properly plan for life in the future. In addition, this group of youths has devoted themselves to being the main force of the project and transmitting experiences as role models to youth nationwide, causing a widespread trend of talent and goodness TO BE NUMBER ONE for the "TO BE NUMBER ONE IDOL" or "TO BE NUMBER ONE" 13th edition will take place from February to May. The criteria for the contest are to be a TO BE NUMBER ONE member between the ages of 15 and 18 years old with a GPA of at least 2.75, gratitude, honesty, altruism, good interpersonal skills, emotional intelligence (EQ), volunteerism, and special abilities such as singing. Then, there is a 5-week gathering to develop various skills, including academic, singing, dance, acting, as well as proper personality development. There are directors. Such as Mr. Top Daraneenuch, Mr. Liu Manaswee, Mr. Chin You can follow the action under the name TO BE NUMBER ONE IDOL 13 DAILY HI-LIGHT on The Radio and Television Of Thailand (NBT Channel) every Monday – Friday from 14.30 – 14.55 hours from April 10 – May 12, 2023.
Jamie Nine is by Forth's side, not letting go.|It's time to compete in the Hot Wave final, and "Kant" (Forth Nattawat) is super excited, but there is "Tin" (Jamie Nine Narawit) who is always there to cheer. And "Tin" also helped take care of Kant's mother at the store and take her to the doctor, but closed the matter to "Kant" to find out at the same time whether "Kant" will succeed or not. Don't miss out on "My School President" on Friday, February 10 at 8:30 p.m. on GMM25 and 10:30 p.m. on VIU, and stay updated on FB & IG & YouTube & Twitter : GMMTV.SPONSORED
Karn Post-boiling Teach American Children Share Men don't pay alone. Women need to help each other.|I don't know what happened. Karn Vipakorn, the wife of Sek Loso, got up and posted a message on his personal Instagram in the middle of the night. He talked about American sharing. "Coincidentally, my family taught women to work to help men and help each other pay their bills, not just for men to pay for themselves. Your family teaches you to pay alone, not to do it for you. Don't mess with the local family. End, I understand #เกาะแXก #อเมริกันแชร์ #ลูกกูเป็นอเมริกันก็รู้ๆอยู่sponsored
Nonna Kornpat reveals his true identity with passionate music through his new single|For "RISER MUSIC", which recently set the social world on fire with the new single "NANON" Nonna Kornpat Bornpan with the song "Unidenfified Wonder". It's been buzzing since the release of posters and music video trailers that deeply featured legendary Hollywood movie posters as parody, plus an eye-catching design that caught the hearts of fans. Imagine entering the superhero universe of "Nonn" in the style of POP music that mixes J-Rock vibes in Japanese anime with "The Darkest Romance", a young producer. "For the song 'Unidenfified Wonder' is a song that I put a lot of effort into and put my personality into this song in every way, whether it's music, Japanese anime that I like, and MV has been made to emulate hollywood movies. My favorite astronomy and science designs from childhood have been wearing astronaut costumes, taking everyone to the outer universe and taking on limitless adventures with the heroes of my heart, also using scientific vocabulary to compare love to the lyrics with the meaning 'I don't know what love is when I meet you' and it's a music video that is ripped from my past songs. SPONSORED
"Benz" threatens to shoot "Dew-Arisara" Open chat boil "Pai Likk" out to defend (clip)|Police chief sends team to investigate Dew-Arisara after unfolding "Benz Damon" ex-girlfriend Macau 888 Seizure of assets for money laundering Benz's lawyer met with police, confirming it. Surrender to the police. Thonglor police inspected Dew's nail salon to find out about the case. Meanwhile, "Chuvit" boils over to destroyer. General Miao ordered his subordinates to collect the tribute. Pai Likk reveals the gambling website. The public is also interested in the case of breaking up the gambling network "Macau 888" involving the brothers of the 4-baht family. The accused, according to the arrest warrant, is preparing to surrender. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Colonel Khunakorn or The Bright Kajonboonthavorn, Deputy Senator for Outgoing Immigration. B.C.S.M. The youngest brother testified to the police. As a witness Later, he submitted his resignation letter from the government service, and Dew-Arisara Thongnoen, the actress, posted a crackdown on gambling websites, resenting her ex-boyfriend Benz Damon for scalding hot noodles in her face. LEAN HUSBAND IS NOT ABOUT THE GAMBLING BUSINESSSPONSORED AT THE ROYAL THAI POLICE OFFICE. At 11:00 a.m., Pol. Gen. Damrongsak Kittipraphat, the police chief, said he had ordered the police to investigate technological crimes and interrogate Dew-Arisa Thongnoen in Taiwan. To ask for useful information about macau 888 betting sites, emphasize that the work clothes are done honestly, transparently and fairly. The police, if found guilty, must take all legal action. The police now have enough information about the matter, but this interrogation was partly to reassure Dew-Arisara that the police were not calm and that there was any useful information to tell the authorities to attribute the expression. It has not been found to be involved in any of the cases. Plainclothes police search Dew's nail salon. The matter is being investigated at the 4th floor conference room of the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Maj. Gen. Panya Pinsuk Chief of Staff, Office of the Chief of Staff, Maj. Gen. Natakorn Prabhayan 2nd Lieutenant Maj. Gen. Sathit Prom-Uthai Chief Of Staff 3 Mr. Piya Srivika, Director of Case Division 2, Anti-Money Laundering Office (OIC) and related parties attended the meeting to frame the guidelines for the investigation of property matters in the Macau 888 case. Mr. Piya revealed that the meeting was held with the MINISTRY. About the application of money laundering laws in cases involving online gambling offenses This includes the seizure of property arising from the commission of an offence. At this point, the P.O.P. will come to the rescue, including checking whether the acquired property is related to the underlying offense, Mr. Piya said, adding that the number of online gambling offenses is increasing. There are billions of dollars in intertwined financial routes. However, the Macau 888 case must be investigated in accordance with the procedures and circumstances of the perpetrators. The P.O.C. examined the case and found it clearly wrong. The audit may not take long, going back from the first account in which the offense was committed to the last account in which the benefit was received. It is also necessary to check back the financial path from before setting up the web. There are some financial irregularities, including those who helped to obtain assets that were illegally funded by 1 p.m. at the Police Technology Crime Investigation Command (CBI). Muang Thong Thani, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi Mr. Pisit Chutipornpongchai Mr. Chaiwat's lawyer, or Benz Damon Khajonboonthavorn, 38, the eldest brother of the 4B family, accused in the Macau 888 case, visited. Maj. Gen. Omsin Trarungruang Maj. Gen. Phairoj Sukruethanachote, Deputy Chief of Police Maj. Gen. Sathit Prom-Uthai Chief Of Staff 3 Lt. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen Deputy Chief of Staff In order to coordinate the exact date and time of Benz Damon's return to Thailand and hand over the Lamborghini car to the police as the central item in the case, it took more than 1 hour. The second issue is that the lawyer will be the intermediary to deliver the central items to the investigators, especially the Lamborghini car that the police are tracking, as well as other assets. Damon Initially, Benz will return to Thailand by Feb. 16, knowing that Benz will expedite his errands and return before Feb. 16. Something doesn't match reality. Benz has to come forward to clarify his innocence in the case of the Dew-Arisara star, who has revealed that he was physically assaulted by Benz during their relationship. The lawyer said Benz didn't want to allude to and respond to the matter. I want the case to be completed first. It was confirmed that only one Benz had been coordinated in this surrender. The remaining two siblings remained unspoken, and when asked by reporters whether Mr. Napromnus Sangkhasap or Mys The suspects, who were also issued arrest warrants and fled in Hong Kong, were arrested. Will I come back to Thailand and surrender with Benz? The lawyer stated only that the private person did not know the person on the side. Pol. Maj. Gen. Pairoj Sukruaithanachot He said the initial coordination of the surrender was "unprecedented". The lawyers did not negotiate any bail conditions, but if Benz returned to Thailand, it would be considered a surrender. But will the police grant bail? Depending on the circumstances and conduct of the accused, the TV media broadcast CCTV footage inside the nail salon of actress Dew-Arisara. Thonglor is a shop where you share with friends. Cctv footage from 7:16 p.m. on Feb. 7 showed two plainclothes men riding in a car parked in front of the store, surveying and taking pictures of the storefront as if they were sent to anyone. On the morning of February 8, 2 plainclothes police officers came to the store and reported that they were tracking the burglars. Thonglor Police Lt. Col. Pansa Amarapitak, thonglor police chief, said he asked the deputy chief of police and the police to conduct regular checks. Part of the search for villains. The police who went to check the rank of Lt. Col. also did not know that it was Dew-Arisara's shop because there were many celebrities or celebrities in Thonglor. Unknown to the store of Dew-Arisara, Pansa said he was investigating the incident. And went in and checked with courtesy. When the shopkeeper asks to see the ID card. The police showed it and the card was a solid card issued by Thonglor Police Department, and then when they didn't find the culprit, they left the store. If anything is inaccurate, both clips and images, or speaking in the wrong way. They can make complaints or coordinate with them immediately. Confirm that it is ready to take action at all levels. In addition, within the day, I will talk to the nail salon administrator to ensure peace of mind. S.W. Thonglor Police Department is a partner in the opening of a pub bar in Thonglor with Benz Damon. Pansa said there was no information that a Thonglor police officer had a partner or involvement in a pub-bar with Mr. Benz Damon in the area. If it is found to be true, the legal process will continue, as former politician Chuvit Kamolvisit posted on Facebook. "Chuvit Kamolvisit" picture and message At 10 p.m., the name "Macau 888" died because of Nari Destroyer, not the police. The first one was named Benz (Dew's ex-girlfriend). The deputy boss, Big, and Bright who are cops. If the police officer will manage "online gambling" very easily. Nowadays, the police do it mostly themselves. These guys don't do police work, driving supercars back and forth, it appears that "Macau 888" of 4 brothers. He didn't get caught by the police, pushed to hit "Nari Destroyer" to Dew to unfold because he was attacked in the face. When I was a fan in front of my family, no one forbade me. After 10 years of breakup, it's not too late. The police had to move along. Chasing, chasing, pressuring, despite knowing it, regularly receiving tributes, and then pushing the 4 brothers to flee, the latest police nudged to "Mind". Son of a former general Benz Confidant According to the organizers, the big music organizers fled to Hong Kong now, all received a signal from a general to help with 500 million. When it's not over, you have to catch it. Instead, it is evident that "online gambling" that is made to be huge, with the owner being both a "police officer" and a "underdog", there are still many herds living as ticks lurking in this way, so the police organization is broken, even though there are 3 major agencies to control cyber. Before someone can resign from the police. But Macau 888 is called just size S because size L is "Inspector C. of the Group", growing with tens of billions in circulation. One of the generals used only elite subordinates, and he made online gambling since the rank of lieutenant colonel. Today, he is a lieutenant colonel and has set up his own "cooperative". Opened a dozen companies to buy "La Lisa", a massage parlor that is currently open for joint venture with "Kampol Victoria", a person who escaped human trafficking, has an arrest warrant, but has an appointment to eat with the former. The director of the "S" in the middle of the hotel in Ratchada area regularly. The police who make online gambling rely on the stains of their uniforms to eat. Most of them are police courses. Only 3 months of training, he became a Lieutenant Inspector. But before being in cyber, it is a hand to store other gambling websites to send to the general, who today, even though he is no longer in cyber, still eats a fraction of money from online gamblers. It's only a fraction of a month, tens of millions, because you know how to pay. The inspector was now moved to the Maintenance Division (Civil), usually civil works with the building. Construction work, but tricky on the air (online gambling), just putting your name on it, not doing work, never signing your name when you workbook. Recipe for success Wear a uniform Long hair, driving a supercar, taking money over the head of a senior police officer, the slogan is "Know everything, except for the job, go anywhere except the office, every unit needs to be separated from the Royal Thai Police". The police chief wants the police organization to be better, he has to be brave to deal with all the online police. Initially, "Inspector S." gave the time until February 13. If I don't manage it, I can't find that I've corrupted the police organization. The police are degraded because of the police themselves. The police officer must be brave. If it's too late to find a destroyer like Macau 888, I say here, "Don't contact me, don't get cleared, pay anyone, but if you don't fire Inspector S. who is both a police officer and a boss, you won't leave. More importantly, this year, the director of the police department and the director of the police, before disappearing, it is the Thai New Year in April, in the show "Hon Stream" on February 9, hosted by Young-Korachai Genesis Ploy, invited Pai Likk, who previously came out in support of Dew-Arisara, to unfold the information of the Macau gambling website 888, recounting the relationship with Dew that he has known for more than 10 years since Dew was 19 years old. When the news came out, he asked Dew what had happened.  He also warned me that doing this is like pouring all over your lap to be careful of getting in trouble. Because it's a big network, Dew insists on fighting. They are ready to help. As for Dew's assault, Pai admits to being aware of it before, but can't tell anyone because Dew has the image of a mother. If this kind of image turns out, it won't be good. He had a picture of Dew being assaulted for leaving him, in case his phone was deleted. When he first saw the picture, he had a broken head, probably the first wound. He asked Dew only to say that he had been hit in the head when he spoke about violence. Young-Korachai said there was even a death threat. Open a chat line between Dew and Benz. It reveals a conversation in which Benz expresses strong emotions. "Gu doesn't have to be nice to bad people, but we break up and don't care," Dew said. Benz said, "There's nothing to talk about." Dew said. "We agreed that we should break up, we have something to hate each other, what did Dew do for us?" replied Benz, "Gu talked to E...the problem, not the usual thing," Dew said. "If Dew did, Dew apologized, but we broke up and had a good conversation." Benz said, "People like me have to feed with their hands and feet. Do good and show off, goo don't be afraid of anyone. Don't be afraid or in front of anyone, because gu do it yourself. "Calm down," Benz said, "this word should be said to yourself. If you calm down, you won't get to this point. Which one can't do it? Gu will shoot it on his own," Dew said, "calm down," Benz said. If you calm down, you won't get to this point. Gu came back to walk when they were ready to go. If you don't know it, it's about the guys," Dew said. We broke up, because Dew wasn't for Hebenz. It's not about being impatient about anything else, Dew has been around for so long that he forgets to look at it that Dew isn't real."Pai also revealed that the day he took care of Dew was the day Dew decided to break up with Benz. The day Dew entered the ICU, he visited. Mother Dew cried. As for the issue of whether Dew did it because blackmail needed money. Pai said that if you want to blackmail it, it's not this way. He said it was a woman's thing to see her wounds all the time. A good look on his face today. He had to put up with this, having spoken out about pubs closing late at night. But this time it ignited a buzz, Young-Korachai asked, the host asked again if there was an allegation that Dew had received money from Benz. There is also a proof of money transfer. Pai said he believed that today, including her husband, Dew had to go through an investigation. Everything will be clear, it is good. Young-Korachai said Dew's angle was clear. There is a loan agreement. There is money that goes back to Dew borrowing in the first place. The man signed the document on Jan. 10, 2021, as a contract for a repayment of 9.8 million baht. When he asked Dew, Dew said he loved each other. He's a lover, it's normal. But he's just a fan, but he wants to say he's wary of deflecting issues. Today's issue is to look at the gray business story, who is involved, who has been cleared, and who is the intermediary to clear it. Big, believe me, don't hurt anyone. This intermediary was a general's son, the person who was issued an arrest warrant for the matter, but was cleared of several separate issues. One gray business, who is involved in that process? Kaew Saen Muang The Executive Director of the Party for The Nation, Ms. Arisra Thongnoen, or Dew-Arisara, revealed that she understands and monitors the problem of violence. The National Party and its adherents oppose all forms of violence, both physical and psychological, especially in families, sexual violence. Mr. Dew's case hopes that it will not happen again in society. Kudos to Mr. Dew for telling us what happened. Let's encourage them to get through the bad things and stand up for justice for law enforcement who ignore the problem of violence in society. We must take the problem seriously and treat the victims of violence fairly the same evening. Maj. Gen. Achan Kraithong The spokesman said the issue of the police officer's name being Inspector S. was related to online gambling and abandonment of official duties. Chief Of Staff Investigate the facts and consider the implementation of authority. If found to have abandoned his duties or committed other offences causing damage to the government, disciplinary and criminal action will be taken decisively and ordered to leave the government service before it is reported that from the issue that Mr. Chuvit alluded to the policeman named "Inspector S." or Inspector Sua related to online gambling and abandoned that official duty. Maj. Gen. Thongchai Seriwattana The Director general of the Public Works Division has a letter of order of the Public Works Division No. 5/2566 re: The police officers must leave the service due to Lt. Col. Vasawat Mukrasakul. Senator of Public Works Division 2, Public Works Division, under the Division of Public Works, Office of Transmission, was accused of serious disciplinary offenses until he was appointed to investigate the abandonment or abandonment of official duties without reasonable cause. Causing serious damage to the government or abandoning official duties at the same time for more than 15 days without good reason or behavior that shows intentional non-compliance with government regulations. Those who are ordered to leave the government service have the right to appeal against the And if you wish to file a counterclaim, file it with the Administrative Court within 90 days.
Doctor 2 single receives Valentine's day quit French fries Girlfriend answers why love ends|It made a lot of fans wonder. After Doctor Two Nopparat Rattanavarah Thailand's famous surgeon posted a message on Instagram. "Don't tell your age, but tell me how long you've broken up with your latest boyfriend (heartbroken heart emoji) for singles", with the caption We'll get through the Valentine's crisis together #วาเลนไทน์ it's just one day." Asked about his relationship with the famous news anchor French Frinda Rinnatha Achariyawattanakul, Dr. Song replied briefly that the couple had now decided to break up, but there was no mention of the reason for the end of their romance.
Fern leaves Print, save, secretly ask for a pile of rice to go home. Tell me this bag can eat 2 meals.|Make the fans feel very cute. When the young heroine leaves ferns Pimchanok Luewitpaiboon secretly asked for rice to be taken back to eat at home in an era of saving because of such high cost of living. He posted a photo with a message that read, "Secretly ask for a pile of rice to go home, this bag can eat two meals, Cr. @fernzzupar". Pimchanok said, "Stop piling up, secretly ask for a pile of rice, go home, hurry up and walk to the car, thank you Gongka", this beautiful heroine came in and commented, "Grae, walk fast." For this reason, fans of fern leaf girls have come to comment on the savings of fern leaves, such as "Saving age, cute and beautiful, eat 2 meals or eat 2 aunts, very economical, delicious, cute, the rice pile is really delicious".
Netizens wondered what Ko Dew Arisara wasn't supposed to be an accessory but resembled a dog trainer. |(Warning: The following content is violent, potentially traumatic.) Dew Arisara has revealed that he was physically and mentally abused by his ex-girlfriend and had to go to a psychiatrist with a photo of him being physically abused for everyone to see. Wearing it on the neck is unlikely to be an accessory, and it is more likely to be used to train dogs, which has been widely discussed on Twitter. For example, "The picture of Mr. Dew is not clear, so I'm not sure if it's really a shock collar, or if it's a choker, #ดิวอริสรา, like a dog collar that emits static electricity. It's called shock collar, it's used to train you not to bark or do anything else you want, sad and depressed. This is an electric collar for training dogs to obey. It can also be operated by remote control from hundreds of meters. If you disobey, defy orders, or bark, you'll just shake until you can level it to shock. WHETHER IT'S PEOPLE OR ANIMALS, IF IT'S DONE THIS WAY, IT'S PATHETIC.".SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Kim Seon-ho arrives in Thailand, fans flock to the airport (video)|Arrived in Thailand For the hottest young hero from South Korea, Kim Seon-ho, arriving from Incheon International Airport. South Korea at 09:15 on 10 February 2023 and arrived at Suvarnabhumi International Airport. Thailand At around 1.10pm, as soon as they arrived in Thailand, they were greeted warmly by the airport waiting for the airport. Screams screamed as he walked to the car, before getting out of the car to pick up a bouquet of flowers and other items, signing an autograph of a welcome sign for the fans and waving hello to the fans. Kim Seon-ho made his first trip to Thailand from March 31 to April 17, 2022 to film The Childe, and this was his second visit to Thailand for his first fan meeting in Thailand. "2023 KIM SEON HO ASIA TOUR IN BANGKOK ONE TWO THREE SMILE" at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center on February 11-12, 2023.
Mario has been criticized for releasing a round face and a thick body. Anthong warned, but didn't follow through.|If you're talking about the top heroes in the entertainment industry. This work must have the name of the young hero. Mario Maurer Definitely on the list of top heroes, and besides the handsome face that resonates with girls. Mario's acting skills are second to none. What drama do the ratings go up every time? There was a hot topic immediately. When a netizen posted a post about the young hero. Mario Maurer The netizen wrote, "Mario is not keeping a dummy at all. Recently seen in a TikTok clip, fans took it down, round face, big butt, thick body. He looked like he was easily fat. The camera will look good, Anthong says regularly, but it doesn't seem to follow much." After netizens saw the post, they made a comment warning the person who posted the post not to bully Mario's figure.
Answer this question. Read comments Bele Pathumraj talks to fans Ha tearful |It is another good-tempered singer for Bele Pathumraj that anyone who follows this young singer will know well about being playful, pranky and most recently, making fans laugh with tears. Posting a message on Facebook about why he chose Nook Thanadol, a junior singer, to play the drama, he said, "As a theatre presenter, I am a theatre presenter. Don't be afraid to look at your younger siblings to get the buzz from your fan club. Of course, your fan base is cute and I'm always cute with them (even if it's stirring... I like him, and he wants to make himself believe and those who love him believe. I'm definitely not pleased. If it plays badly, do not intend to scold it yourself. If Cry Drama Pee Kong Huai Rai Always ready to protect me." The message was posted, and fans commented and the singer replied with a smile: "SPONSORED, "That's great. Thank you for seeing your abilities," to which Ble replied, "I don't see it. It's just a handsome face." "Thank you for giving me the opportunity to show my talent," He replied, "I've never opened a chapter." "What I always believed was that Bele Kong Nook loved and supported each other sincerely. The singer replied, "I've never supported you. I just borrowed money and didn't return it, so I had to play ""Because Hea and I are so cute, how can we not love them? 555", to which he replied, "You don't have to love me that much, go back to loving your children and your husband." This spelling," He replied, "I'm going to do a lot with the finisher. "If you're stubborn, you can hit it. Thank you for the opportunity." The singer immediately commented, "A third stick is prepared."
Arya reveals why. Nut Wisarut signs ten billion inheritance (clip) |Meet Araya at L'Oréal Paris Thailand at Siam Square 1. Pink opened up for the first time about this for the news that was going on. Arya revealed that it was clear that he did not value the family institution, and he talked to Nut Wisarut, and he focused on how we felt and how we would do it. We have no duty to explain that. But if you ask, what makes you confident? Because we've known each other for a long time, and we have a dream together. We have the big picture. Have a dream to go together. He felt that it made us hold each other's hands even tighter. Thank you to everyone who loves our family, and the news that I inherited from my husband, Nut Wisarut, is something that has always been talked about, probably because we have been through a loss and have lived for a long time. We started our own business, which is normal for us to talk about what happens if one day someone is away. How will wealth take care of each other? If he's anything to go by. How does a business look like it's going to be managed? This one has been updated all the time. HE WOULD TRUST US, AND SAW THAT IN THE END, IF ANYONE WAS ABSENT, THE REST WOULD HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF THE CHILDREN.
Wisawa Suwankul A new generation of businessmen with a view of T-pop K-pop in Thailand|For Boss Viswa Suwankul, who has done a lot of business and recently opened 247 Entertainment Company, it must be admitted that nowadays in Thailand is another country where people have a very high popularity of entertainment media from Korea. Today, Boss Viswa gave an interview and talked about the direction of the business plan to work with Korean partners, as well as the trend of T-pop and K-pop in Thailand right now. The beginning of 247 Ent started with ourselves being interested in the music business and meeting partners with different experiences and aptitudes in entertainment. As a result, 247 has great opportunities for business growth, both in terms of music, and a key new strength is that our company has close ties and partnerships with entertainment companies in Korea. This gives the company a great opportunity to grow its all-round entertainment business in the future. The challenge of doing this business, 247 company intends to have 3 things that we adhere to as the core of the company. Trend), Quality (Quality), Relation (Relocation - Relationships) We need to update trends quickly and up-to-date, prioritize quality work, focus on action and be as efficient as possible, and not neglect to be close to people. Always understand and listen. The challenge is to balance these three things: while we're doing trendy speeds, we need to maintain quality and listen to feedback from our customers. Sponsored 247 Ent's Business Plan 2023 We plan to work with mostly Korean partners, but it will be more diverse. In addition to fan meetups, which we will continue to have, there will be concerts as well as presenters of Korean artists. Had the opportunity to meet closely in the music sector. After the solo artist, we released our first song last year, this year Green. Our solo artist Kris is continuing to release his work, and one of our biggest projects this year is that we plan to launch our affiliated artists. One more group is a boy group that has been trending with us for a year and a half and will also release its first single in April. I really think that there is not much difference between the behavior of Thai and Korean media consumers. But the variety of Korean media content is more diverse and more. Thais are different from Thai actors and idols. It must be admitted that the difference in popularity of Korean actors and idols is different from that of Thai actors and idols. It is mainly due to the standards, quality and ability of the artist himself. In addition, Korean artists have a large and consistent selection of content about the artist. It must be said that the most popular products are fan meetups, concerts, merchendise albums, which fans will have to collect. Collecting means buying in bulk to get the full range, all of which are worth it. Even after COVID, fans have long been away from meeting their favorite artists. This means that in Thailand there are almost weekly performances and people fill every round. Popularity and good relationships at the company level with brands both nationally and globally. As a result, the decision to use an artist as a brand ambassador or influencer of the brand has a better chance than if a Thai business draws Korean actors or idols as presenters or events to have a positive effect on the business, which of course will affect the brand image. And it's a noticeable elevation of the brand. Because most people perceive Korea = quality. When brands choose Korean presenters, they expect Korean artists to create a clearer awareness of this approach, but now the trend of Thai T-Pop and series actors is trending. As a result, Thai fans are becoming more interested in the Thai entertainment industry. It doesn't diminish the popularity of the Korean side, but it does think it's more promotive. Because there are many lessons learned from K-pop, when Thai people see that T-pop itself has developed a lot from before, many works have similar standards to Korea. K-Pop will be gone or not, it must be answered that it is quite difficult because he is constantly developing new forms and the government itself provides systematic support all around. Like world-class artists, BTS has generated the top income for Korea, close to large companies like SamsungSPONSORED, developing the T-Pop industry as a selling point of the country like K-Pop, what to do and where Thailand is now. Many talented young people have content that is popular at the global level, but real development is not going to happen alone. If all systems in the entertainment industry are developed and actively supported by relevant authorities and are T-Pop systems, we will definitely go further. Principles for choosing people How to deal with the company, how to set the price is that most people choose from the most popular or favorite of Thai people. There is drama. Series that are currently on air or have just finished There have been comebacks, singles, and a steady stream of popularity. In a deal with another partner, I Partners who are close to Korea have been close for a very long time. In terms of price, we will look at it accordingly, but most of the time we never negotiate a discount, we will ask for more Benefit to make the most of the fans of the artists who come to see it. The number of seats that can be sold is usually determined by the korean affiliation, but we put the bargaining position of Benefit as a top priority and the question of how Thais and the Korean entertainment business are. It must be said that over the years, Thai people consumed and loved K-Pop K-Drama more. We can listen to music in a variety of genres, many formats, many platforms, have watched dramas with interesting scripts, different from Thai dramas, beautiful locations, so it is not surprising that most Thai people are very fond of it at the moment. We also want to focus on growing the entertainment business, perhaps expanding to other Asian countries. And it grows with the entertainment industry as a whole. Our company will be a cog in the growth of the Thai entertainment industry. If the government itself sees the importance, helps support and drive systematically as well, think that our home entertainment industry can definitely go a long way, because our home has good things, both personnel and talent, it is a valuable cost that should be extended.
Celebrity friends do not tolerate it. Flock protect Mario after being criticized for his body |After a hot topic arose, a netizen posted a post about the young hero. Mario Maurer The netizen wrote: "Mario is not keeping a dummy at all. Recently seen in a TikTok clip, fans took it down, round face, big butt, thick body. He looked like he was easily fat. The camera will look good, Anthong said regularly, but it doesn't seem to follow much." This job is done by friends. Sisters in the entertainment industry have come forward to defend it. Mario, for example, Boy Pokorn, who commented, "Mario is good-natured, good-hearted, top in the industry, handsome, not to mention oh my handsome umbrella, everyone knows !!!." Don't worry. Trust me. I don't want my friends to be stressed. If you're going to scold me, #แล้วก็ฟังเพลงใหม่ผมด้วยยอดวิวกูน้อย" SPONSOREDNikki Nachat came in and defended. Mario, too, said, "Oh, handsome, one of the best people in the industry." Father of three, Pete Thongjue, also commented, "National keyboard gangster casts 5555 finger spells on his own screen." It's not measurable. He might enjoy that. It's important that he's happy that he can choose to be any of them." Model-Actress Kareesa is another person who defends. Mario also said, "You can be fat, you can be thin, it's not something you hope you have to do. "In addition to having people in the entertainment industry, there are also other netizens who have commented in defense of the young hero. Mario Maurer in abundance SPONSORED
"New Davika" released the song "Mr.Daydream" for 2 young band "HYBS" to supervise the production.|After the release of his first single in his life, "Can I Call You Mine", it was an overwhelming success. Latest New - Davika Releasing the second single, fans will be thrilled with the first English-language song in their lives, "Mr.Daydream". Meaning well, New-Davika got 2 guys from "HYBS", the famous indie pop band James-Alin Wee and Kan-Kasiddej. "This song is a new song, I want people to know more about the new identity than before, because the new one also has a deep angle that has never been revealed, and hopefully when everyone listens to this song, it will make everyone feel relaxed, as if there is Mr.Daydream all around us. Their musical genre is really good for the new Mr.Daydream song. "SPONSORED can listen to "Mr.Daydream" at https://MaiDavika.lnk.to/MrDaydreamPR
"James Jetpol" fights all over his lap, wins The Star Championship, unlocks 10 years of life, never leaves a dream.|Revealing a happy smile. After "James-Jetpol Kanitchat" or "James The Star 2022" experienced being "The Star Champion". Thailand's latest After 10 years of unapologetic musical struggles since stepping into "The Star 10" contest in 2014, "James" hasn't reached his dream side. Disappointment, wanting to stop, but because of the determination and the goal, there is no day to stop dreaming. "James" arrives today with dignity. Unlock all your feelings and be an example of a "fighter", from now on, the "opportunity" you get is the profit of life! "I have to say that I was so happy that I couldn't say anything, that day was very difficult to find words to interview because at that point we didn't really know what to say. It's been a long time, but after thinking that tomorrow we have to start working and stop singing (smile)"MANY SPONSORED PEOPLE TALK ABOUT OUR NOT EASY PATH TO TODAY? "Back to how it felt when I won the championship. If you look at it from where I stand right now. It's all about what I'm going to face if I choose to be here because every match has a loss. There was a winner 10 years ago who came to The Star contest. It wasn't my time, we might have lost all the time, maybe we were crying. Sadness Like when we go to love someone, he is heartbroken, sad. It's a must-see. It's about managing your emotions. We have to take it, because I think it has to be. I think after this it's going to be fun, we've stepped over half a leg, we've stepped past the wall ourselves, now it's a profit. It's going to be a lot of fun," James always said as a big encouragement to mom and dad. My dad wanted to drive me to the drop-off, and my mom came to me from the first round, and I told him because this time we were under pressure too. I told my parents it was the last bend, and they said they just wanted to come. Deep down, I think you already have small expectations because we have a goal but don't express anything. I think it's encouraging just to see them come and see. He was smiling, and I wasn't home. When I saw him on Sunday, I was delighted, just got a hug on the day of the final. We may not be sweet because we are boys. But I'm the one who, if I want anything, I'm going to make it. I would take care of my family, and that day when my parents came up and said they were proud of me, I was very happy because I had never been proud of myself either. It's like we can really unlock ourselves in so many things."Why never be proud of ourselves? "It's a lot of things, life, work, it's all accumulated, we graduated from the Faculty of Music, Mahidol University, the tuition fee is spending a lot of money. We don't feel proud of what we're doing, but nowadays it's a feeling of unlocking ourselves. It feels like I want to thank myself again. It's proud, happy, a lot of feelings"We've suffered a lot of defeats, so what's the point of keeping us going? Nobody waits for anything all the time, so we have to find something to do, and I try to improve myself all the time because I don't know when the opportunity will come. We don't know when we're going to be discouraged or when we're going to stop, but we're always trying to improve ourselves. Fill the lack. Admittedly, before arriving at The Star this time, I had the feeling that I wanted to quit. I don't want to do it anymore, with getting older and the contests are the last bend and really, looking at the plans to go to college, it's like as we get older, the future goals start to change, but I think what brings me back is the dream inside, no matter how much we argue with ourselves that we don't want to do it anymore. There's still a desire to do it in our minds, otherwise we wouldn't have submitted an application. It's inside, and then there's a small hope to connect to happiness, that's our goal. "Glad to have decided to come back, and I'm grateful to myself, it's the last bend and the turning point for us to decide whether to come or not to come. If you ask if you have invested in this time, you invest both physically and mentally. When there's hope, I want to keep doing it. Very proud of myself. Now it feels like I'm back to singing, back to performing, and happy for everyone again. But now we have a wall, it's a waste of time, the wall is high, we can't go, we have to find ourselves gradually. It's a wall of expectations that we can't get through. In the past, we've been busy thinking about what we need to do. So I figured out what I thought to myself. Boy-Thakolkiat used to say that he just used his heart to sing. You don't have to use your brain to sing, so you can sing. Maybe it's something we're already good at. Just do what we love, there's nothing to think about. We just have to sing, do more homework, rehearse more, but the show that comes out really good takes a lot of heart to do. I'm glad that each round is over because we're trying to improve ourselves." "I think there are people who fight harder than me, there are people who fight harder than me, but if you really want to see me as an idol, I think just do it. In the past, I was just thinking about doing it. Satisfied or physically unable to move, it cannot go on. I think when we have a dream and then act on it, someday it will definitely be fulfilled. No matter how long it takes, like I'm 10 years old, some people may be faster or slower than me, but I think people have goals, we do a lot of it." "I think all 8 of us are clear about what we're going to do, we're here to do something, we're just dreaming, we want to be a star singer in the industry, and today we're showing everyone what we're like. The rest of the future, it is already profitable. As for dealing with things, I can't stop anyone from thinking about it, but I'm going to prove to everyone that we're all clear about what we're doing. "I think it's life, artists are human beings, everyone has different good and bad angles, but being a good person with morals is a base, I think we're good people and respect other people is fundamental. The youth are already looking at us, so we need to position ourselves better. "What kind of music do you dream of? "I want to make pop music that smells of rock because I like to roar, but I'm going to be myself as much as possible. "Ready, it's something I've never done but I want to try, because I think entertainment or art, we want to put ourselves in a position to try a lot of things. Maybe I'm not good at everything, but I'm ready to do everything. My dream is to be an artist. If it's my ultimate dream, I want to be a happy artist. Show yourself to everyone Being happy first, before giving love to the viewer, is something that should be able to give hope to people. If you ask me what is my joy as an artist? I think a lot of people are trying to find out. Personally, I think it's hard to say, personally, I'm happy for me. I'm just singing, I'm happy. "James, what kind of man is that?" In some corners, we may be calm because we have encountered many things in life. Maybe not a lot. If you really talk, you'll know that I'm funny, a guy who cares about other people, and playful."
Tiger Cubs Post a message after quitting Dream reads and has a flinch. |After Tiger Sethkan's ex-girlfriend Dream Kanyanat announced that she is now single on social media. After a lot of people asked about their relationship with tigers. Before insisting that the breakup wasn't about money, and third-hand. Tiger Sethkan made his first move after the woman announced her single via her IG Story: "Don't worry, I already have people who are ready to love me unconditionally. The kind that doesn't want to hurt your body and mind all the time. Unconditional love that's the only thing I wanted all this time"SPONSORED
Dew Arisara Answered After the netizens suspected being forced to wear dog collars.|(Warning: The following content is violent, potentially traumatic.) Dew Arisara has revealed that he was physically and mentally abused by his ex-girlfriend and had to go to a psychiatrist and opened a photo of him being physically abused for everyone to see. Wearing it around the neck is unlikely to be an accessory and is more likely to be used to train dogs, which has been widely discussed on Twitter recently. On the page of Sarayut Suthasanajinda The reporter posted: "'Dew Arisara' told 'Chuvit' that the picture of Dew was suspected and forced to wear a 'shock collar'. "It's not that big," he said, adding that there were a lot of netizens commenting on the matter.
Ava cried, afraid of going to hell because she slapped a mosquito to death. Believing in a spirit (video)|It's another couple with fans. Keep track of the couple's cuteness. For famous YouTubers like Ava Six Scenes or Paworawan Weerapuchank and Nate My Mate Nate, who often have cute moments for fans to watch. In the clip, Ava says, "Yesterday I killed a mosquito and I felt that I had sinned, I didn't want to go to hell because I knew there was a spirit in the mosquito. He had a soul, and today it feels like there's a lot to it. I don't know if it's a mosquito or not," said her boyfriend, Nate, who patted his girlfriend on the head and told Ava that it was a mosquito. He's really like this, which I wanted to keep for myself at first, but I think it's better to go down. People will see how cute you are, like me, love me the most", Ava commented, "I still feel guilty right now, I have to say that there are some killings, but lately I have told myself that I want to keep the canon, so I feel a lot of guilt in my heart. A post shared by Nathan Bartling (@mymatenate)SPONSORED
Thanwa-Green Answer after being rumored to break up I can't talk because I've been blocked by a woman (clip)|Long gone are the sweet couple photo for the young hero Thanwa Suriyajak and the young heroine Green Asadaporn. Because of this, many people are watching to see if their relationship is still in love. How recently? The issue that many people wonder and keep an eye on in a relationship whether love is broken or not has to be brushed aside. Young Thanwa posted a picture with his girlfriend with a short caption confirming their status: "Not breaking up, just being lazy". WE BROKE UP?" TO WHICH THUNWA REPLIED, "WE DIDN'T BREAK UP BECAUSE WE WERE LAZY", BEFORE GREEN SAID, "WE BROKE UP FOR A WHILE", THANWA REPLIED, "NOT MUCH TO TALK TO."
Sun Ryu gets hit with heroism, lying to people Deprecating content Friends warned, not listening.|He has been absent from the entertainment industry for many years, but recently Sun Ryu or Sun Tangsawatrat has been talked about again. After he opened up about his life in the past to the present, many people were shocked, the former hero of the 90s would have lived such a poor life. On Facebook, Ryu shared a post of a young woman who wrote: "I'm not going to ban it anymore. Who wants to share something, Gu will let go, and Gu will help him too. If you see someone else, it's better to hit it. Ten wheels stepped in the middle of the road, and a dog, remember. I want to break it, I can't break it. The plaintiff was too stunned when he was ordained last time and was unable to stay in the temple until he had to go to Bangkok to remove the yellow cloth. After that, he handed out the envelope and took the money in the envelope for himself about four or five years ago, and stole the gold and stole the monk. The woman who stayed in Hua Hin took it and sold it until he had to follow it to Inblock and asked Gu to tell him to take it back. Gu warned, not listening, and then came to scold Guna. Gu said nicely, so let's take it all in. A lot of these things are doing content for people to be sympathetic. Beware of people who can hate it, lying to the whole phe", which Sun Ryu also commented back under the post, "Mung is the best friend and dude is no one." Shortly after Sun Ryu shared the post, he said: He posted a picture of himself in front of the police department and wrote: "Prepare to sue those accused of defamation, for prosecution." 
Happy Valentine's Day "Om Suchar" Love 6 Years "Amp" Support each other|Welcome to the month of love. The mini-sized heroine gives away bright, sexy and melting hearts to receive "Valentine's Day", making fans heart palpitations easily. They are only there to "support" each other. For many years, Dee Duk still has a good moment, showing off the sweet couple pictures to get lollipops!! Entering its 6th year, fans can only wait for the "good news" wedding bell ringing... Giftratree, Tandt, Kanapot Art Director : Sarun Powerthanasukit (Dragon) IG : @mkdragon, Graphic : Rachat Serirat (Earth) IG : @bigearth18, Make up : Praskaw Sangchai (Gwen) IG : @ gwenmakeup, Hair : Chalermchai Loensukwong (Pooh) IG : @meepooh701 and Photographer By : Prapaporn NakjuSPONSORED bang does not stop holding back!! Female from the series "Find ing the Rainbow : At the end of the rainbow", he was thrilled and overjoyed because it was the first prize in his acting life... "I'm so glad I never won any awards with him before, I never even got nominated for this series, I'm glad and weird, usually people don't talk about the series or nominate a lot, there's this year he won the award too, glad that he saw the work, saw what we did, saw the value that we gave the work." All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage: Thai Rath novel is considered a good year for Om as well "Yes, it has been a very good year, this time saving 2-3 months of rest but not really resting, saving trying to learn Chinese, practicing acting, like we worked for a long time, we had to go back to training, like we were away from studying for a long time. Singing lessons Learning Chinese, such as dancing and singing, is very bad, just to dance in a tick-to-k, not very good at dancing, so we decided to go to school from the basics. In spite of the fact that when I was a child, I used to think that if I reached the age of 3, I would definitely be old, but when that time came, I really didn't feel old. Could the work or age range of the new generation be adjusted? At this age, I think we can still do a lot more. You can still enjoy a lot of things. Age is just a number and I believe that many women of this generation would think this way, even if hypnotic age is just a number. My boyfriend is close to having some good news?!! This event, the om girl said that age really does not have boundaries, because nowadays together is happy. If there is a change in the future, it means getting married. Believe that if the time comes, then it will be so. Life now, both myself and my brother are still focused on work." I have plans to work abroad this year. Go for experience. We haven't been around for as long as counting a new one. How did we go this time, we didn't go back as idols anymore. Back to work, this time everything will change. Give me 1-2 years to learn. The two of us actually planned to talk. But some things don't need to be said, because I don't want words to strangle me. Om thinks that if the time comes, it will be accordingly. Let go naturally. SPONSORED IS CONSIDERED A "SWEET COUPLE", BUT NOT VERY SWEET SERVE INTO A COUPLE PHOTO, UNTIL IT BECOMES A "LOVE CRACK" ISSUE? The om girl would like to clear her mind that she rarely takes pictures of the couple because she does not like to take photos in the style of men, but after a conversation, I would like to go down a little more according to festivals and occasions... When asked if there were any surprises near Valentine's Day, he said: "I'm usually very focused on the festival. First, let's do this one. The latter is getting less surprised just by eating here. Just enough time together." Are there any quarrels? "There are fewer and fewer for us to fight because we're going to take the story. Enough later. We don't think about him and we don't fight, that's it. Let it be understood. Don't beat each other, stay calm", the size of the "golden queue", the work is tight, but the saving girl does not like to be idle. It is also fun to go ahead with a small business such as Finx_watch store, with protective film, watches, bags, jewelry, B floor, 1st floor, Central Embassy, which is the only business that "Pee Amp" sees well, should be able to put the gear forward. Om said, "I usually like jewelry, watches, bags, women's styles, so I like that if we use these things, the value may be reduced from scratched use, it is an interesting business, partners with families help each other." "It's really my family, because I do it with my brother and sister. But Om admits, Know-how, we're not as good as him. Let's try to support it. Port Gun We brought things that had watches, even amps, to try and see the results from the people around us. Let's decide to start opening. Do it gradually. It's not a big store, it's a lot of customers." "He really gives a lot of advice, he's very thoughtful and good at business, we're around him and he gives us ideas or advice. Please consult me. There are a lot of things that I think I'm going to do and I'm going to do more than ten things, like "I'm going to do a play," ok, I can believe it (laughs) because I previously offered something to hit and fail at all, go to a play or collect money." Satisfied with ourselves. At this age. Proud to have done it, chosen to do it. Get the best out of yourself this year. Om thinks that our lives may be lacking or not taking care of anyone well enough. We will make the most of it.Clothing : Giftratree, Tandt, Kanapot Photographer : Prapaporn Nakju
Welcome To Thailand Arbonney Gabriel, the real Miss Universe 2022.|It excited the beauty queen fans. When the most beautiful woman in the universe, Arbonney Gabriel Miss Universe 2022 From the United States, we arrived in Thailand today (February 11, 2023) to participate in the event and meet the media. On February 13, 2023, at River Star Princess Cruise, River City Pier by atmosphere at Suvarnabhumi Airport. Led by JKN Global Group Public Company Limited, beauty pageants and beauty pageants welcomed Arbonney. And when she appeared in front of her beauty queen fans and the press. Before going in and asking for autographs, gifts and selfies with her to keep as a souvenir for Arbonney's visit to Thailand. GABRIEL IS HER FIRST VISIT TO THAILAND AND OF COURSE THE WARM WELCOME FROM TODAY'S BEAUTY PAGEANT FANS WILL SURELY IMPRESS HER.
A crazy wife, a legend of love more than fiction, a story in the show "Pawn Game".|Unconditional love is pure love. Meet the story of a 64-year-old pawnbroker from Phetchaburi who found love with a stranded cane. Women with intellectual disabilities, ragged torso The water never bathed, so I asked for rice to eat. After that, the stranded cane always caught on. No matter where you go. I even walked to my house without knowing the way, and it became a big deal when my sister came to find me. Called to talk and raise a stranded cane to be a wife. He charged only 125 baht for the dowry, but he refused because he did not have a heart, but his sister thought that this person could take care of her. After 3 months, he decided to get married as well, but the villagers gossip that Mya is crazy. But out of pity and love, he decided to get married until they lived together for 24 years and this week "Bati" took the hand of his beloved wife with tools to help him earn money to support his family to pledge. In "Pawn Game" Today, 6 p.m. THAIRATH TV CHANNEL 32.SPONSORED
"Black Ants" broke down in tears, and there were surprises from "Masha" and "Father Suchart" in "Hit the End of the Kitchen".|This week's "Hit the Kitchen" was really cooled by hosts Oh–Pakjira, Art–Powertham, Willie McIntosh, who docked in Nonthaburi to visit the Majesty of the Mother. Black ants–kachapa that work until they are almost absent, running several hoist a day. From morning to late night Get a presenter job in dozens of products to raise money to build a waterfront empire for dad and grandchildren. All angles All Rooms Every degree According to the mother's line with "Doctor Chang" guaranteed with a surprise that brought the owner of the house to tears with the appearance of a special guest, Masha Wattanapanich, the main idol that Black Ant has been attached to since childhood, this person who brought him to the Grammy Building. Disappeared, refused to leave the house for many years. I also said that I couldn't contact my mother... Because of my father, Suchart Tancharoen. He appeared on TV with this child for the first time and also revealed the knot in the heart of a black ant who resented his father and buried his father in love, creating a story about even burning the school, just to get attention. Watch live on Channel 3 (33) Watch mobile at 3plus.
Sun Ryu prepares to sue After being attacked by people who have come out to make content that is deceiving people.|After rising star of the 90s, Sun Ryu, opened up about his life during his absence from the entertainment industry, what his life was like. People were sad and depressed when they heard that a Facebook user had posted a post about former actor Sun Ryu saying that the story he was telling was creating content to fool the public. On Sun's Facebook page, Ryu Athit posted a picture of himself with the message, "I think people are in trouble right now. Well, let's go for 5555." HE POSTED A PHOTO OF HIMSELF IN FRONT OF THE POLICE DEPARTMENT AND STATED, "PREPARE TO SUE THOSE ACCUSED OF DEFAMATION FOR PROSECUTION."
Ad Carabao delivers the power to drive life A remake of a new song to please Thai-Lao people.|It is a popular song that can be called another legendary song of "Ad Carabao" for the song "Dream Hunter" for the past 21 years. JoJo Miracle, a famous singer in Lao PDR, has introduced the song "DreamEr". New Marimek With the rhythm of the comfortable drums and the singing of Ad Carabao, the listener has the power to move life forward. To cheer people up, hooks and carabao and JoJo Miracle will be sung together in Lao.
The Deputy Commissioner of Police flew over the examination of "Dew Arisara" himself, inspecting the property that had been suspended with the macau web site 888.|"Dew-Arisara" The actress, who revealed her ex-boyfriend involved in macau gambling website 888, agreed to testify to cyber police next week. Chief Of Staff Prepare to transport the investigation team to Taiwan. The Police Chief ordered to expand the network. Online gambling in all dimensions hastened to check the financial path of "Benz Damon" Big Brother 4 B. to prove the acquisition of assets, especially Lamborghini supercars. The latter, whose name is owned by the 3rd brother, remains an issue of interest to society. In the case of cyber police, the online gambling network "Macau 888" according to "Dew-Arisara Pure Gold". The actress posted on Facebook that her ex-boyfriend "Benz Damon", or Mr. Chaiwat Khajonboonthavorn, big brother 4B, was involved before being arrested by the authorities. Various assets that are expected to be acquired through money laundering Latest Benz Damon Lawyer Bring a Lam borghini Mad Bull Liberty Walk Aventador V2 supercar for over 40 million baht. Only one vehicle in Thailand was sent to the investigators for investigation and confirmed that Benz Damon, who is still in Hong Kong, will surrender by Feb. 16, not fleeing to other countries. Lt. Gen. Worawat Wattananakorn commanded. Chief Of Staff Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan Maj. Gen. Omsin Trarungruang Maj. Gen. Phairoj Sukruethanachote, Deputy Chief of Police The investigation expanded the arrest of the Macao 888 gambling network in all dimensions. 888 Initially, the work team used evidence, documents, title deeds and seized property to determine who was in possession and how the property was acquired.SPONSORED The issue of luxury supercar Lam borghini Mad Bull Liberty Walk Aventador V2. Kajonboonthavorn or Big 3rd brother of Benz Damon Officers need to check Benz's financial path to see how it relates to the vehicle. Did the money used to buy the car come from the offense? It is also necessary to clarify why the car is the name of the brother in possession for "Dew-Arisara". The actress, who has revealed the macau gambling website 888 and said she was physically assaulted by her ex-boyfriend Benz Damon, initially contacted the actress who is in Taiwan. To arrange an interrogation trip, the latest "Dew-Arisara" Responding is willing to give a detailed statement to the cyber police. The actress made it clear that she wanted to Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamsuan The Deputy Commissioner of Police and the investigation team went to the interrogation as witnesses. Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat's delegation is expected to travel to investigate the actress within the next week for Kamphaeng Phet District 1 MP Pai Likk, who came to the aid of "Dew-Arisara". After Dew came out to expose the Macau 888 gambling network, he became a target. 2 men later learned that they were police officers. Thonglor police raided the actress's nail salon to find a female employee who was Dew's confidant. Is this police behavior intimidating? Because the younger brother is also a key witness in the Macau 888 case, on Monday, February 13, he will take him to Thonglor Police Station to ask for an explanation of what happened. Dew now feels terrified. Because I didn't think it would be such a big exposing. More than 50 arrest warrants have been issued so far, and people have lost huge amounts of benefits. I would like to leave it to the people to keep an eye on this matter in the next wave.
Shapp, Ploy, Chermal, cut his hair short. Change your summer look|Many people are buzzing with the new look of the young heroine. Chermal Boonyasak, who has changed her hairstyle by cutting her hair short bob, which is sour, spicy and very toothy, which is probably the shortest hair I've ever seen. The event attracted a lot of likes and comments from fellow celebrities and fans, with the same voice saying, "Very beautiful, mom".
Sun Ryu Nearly 100,000 followers flocked to cheer despite the drama.|He has been absent from the entertainment industry for many years, but recently Sun Ryu or Sun Tangsawatrat has been talked about again. After he opened up about his life in the past to the present day, causing many people to feel no less shocked, the former hero of the 90s will have such a poor life. Both fellow actors. Friends of celebrities themselves have reached out to help. Ryu has taken the opportunity to open up his personal space on social media for his fans. Drama fans have come to talk. Follow the life story through the TikTok channel called @ryu.atith Ryu Sun (real channel). Past works have been posted and updated on their day-to-day lives for fans to see, although they've only recently opened. There are now over 750,000 followers, each of which Sun Ryu has posted. The people who followed came in and commented a lot of encouragement and were ready to continue supporting Sun Ryu. LIFE CAN ALWAYS START OVER.SPONSORED
Wonder who posted TikTok watermelon nida movement to clip mom asking for money in her pocket (clip)|In a few days, it will be the 1-year anniversary of the passing of actress Melon Nida Patcharaweerapong or Watermelon Pattarathida from a speedboat crash on the Chao Phraya River. In the middle of the night of February 24, 2022, the latest on TikTok @babymelonp account, which has 348.8K followers, posted a clip on February 11 with the message "Money only kuy kup". The box contains earrings and keys. There is also a red wallet, and the mother also asks "Do you have money?" before opening the wallet, which only has a picture of watermelon. A LOT OF PEOPLE CAME TO EXPRESS THEIR OPINIONS.SPONSORED
True Thai son-in-law, shine the cuteness of Kim Seon-ho, check-in Suan Lum, walk around Khaosan|The 2023 KIM SEON HO ASIA TOUR IN BANGKOK ONE TWO THREE SMILE at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center was held on Saturday, February 11 and Sunday, February 12, and tickets sold out for both kimseonho_staff performances. A walk in the park of actor Seon-ho Have a happy night everyone," Kim Seon-ho also posted a picture of herself at Suan Lum on her personal Instagram. FANS ALSO MET KIM SEON-HO AT KHAOSAN ROAD IN THE EVENING.
Knott reveals that the person who cares the most in life is Pink, made entirely for his wife and children. |It is a lovely and warm family for the family of the heroines Chompoo Arya and Not Wisarut, the latest in the show 3 Zap on Channel 3 has taken a tour of the vinain electrical wiring factory of Father Nut Wisarut, which is a huge and grandiose building that is a business that Daddy Nut founded by himself 100% by having helped the company at home before, so he has experience and has the ability to look forward and modern. Expand your business Whether it's starting a coffee shop with a factory, roasting every grain and having a full range of fitness in the factory, and also having a football academy project to produce quality players. My face wasn't clear, so I didn't get down. When asked, Nut is still fit and firm. Is there any jealousy? Knott said that he believes that all women are jealous, but since he is a man, he doesn't show how jealous he is, and he says that women will have certain senses. Maybe we'll tell him what he thinks. IN THIS CASE, YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL, BUT CHECKING THE PHONE, THIS HAS NEVER BEEN SPONSORED, AND THE NEWS STORY THAT HAPPENED, NUT SAID THAT IT IS NOT TRUE, YOU KNOW, THE YOUNGER BROTHER WHO IS ALSO IN THE NEWS IS ALREADY A WORKING BROTHER, AND THE REAL GIRLFRIEND IS A CLOSE JUNIOR, THAT IS, THE BROTHER GOES TO KICK THE BALL WITH EVERY WEEK ALREADY WHEN THE NEWS COMES OUT. The people who really care the most are our family and wife, but this news only takes a minute to clear. Call your boyfriend, he's cleared and finished. But I'm not a showbiz person, and I asked if social media affected my work. without My friends knew me well, all for my wife and children. Nowadays, I give it away, write a short will, "Everything that belongs to Wisarut, it is given solely to Arya".
"Knot" makes a will to give up ten billion assets (clip)|First open at L'Oreal Paris Elseve Hyaluron Moisture was unveiled at the 'House of Hyaluron' event at BTS Siam Square One after Nut-Wisarut Rangsisingpipat. Husband announces in the middle of 3 zap show that he made a will to give ten billion assets to the girl superstar. Arya A. Harket is ready to clear the news after being linked to the heroine's husband. "Well, it's not, it's gone, nobody likes to touch their family, and if it happens to anyone's family, they won't like it. He said he knows what we feel, first of all the focus is on how we feel, and it depends on how we want to feel about the news. If you watch it, you will say that you don't feel anything. It must be divided into 2 cases, one of which is that when there is news, there will be an understanding of society. The person who looks in, who is here, already knows that it can't be forbidden. Who thinks what, how to look, how to watch, cannot make everyone see or think the way we want to think the same for the whole country. It's impossible. We've been in the industry. We already know, so we have to let go, I don't know why we are going to deal with it, but the other point is that we are good, why is it happening to us?" Having said that, this is really sentimental." She gave us confidence in her husband. SPONSORED"I will say that watching the show 3 zap (laughs) is to say that I don't feel like we have to explain that he is such a person. I'm not doing this. Do you understand? At the same time, he said that he didn't care who looked at him, that we didn't have a duty to explain that we were like that, but if you asked what gave us confidence, because we knew and we knew what we were focused on. We have dreams, we have some pictures together, which shouldn't have to be ruined by this kind of thing, because we have a big picture. There are some objectives that we want to go together, and we all do our part."Does the news diminish our trust?". Instead, it feels like it's more of a return to the same goal. "Another equally hilarious news is that Nott signed a will giving us a billion inheritance? "It's really something we've been talking about, maybe because we've been through a loss, we've been around for a long time, since Mr. Knott came back and started his own business, we've been listening to his dreams, listening to his plans. What will my child do? How will wealth take care of each other? If you're anything to go by. If you can't see it, how do you manage it, and we're always talking and updating?" He trusts us more, because he sees that if one of them is absent, the rest of us have to take care of the child." Dew-Arisara, as the big brother of the house, how worried are you? Let's cheer him up. We haven't talked about it yet. It was a traumatic, a bad experience, and we had a daughter."
"Baek Ho" is cool, exploding with sweetness. Grab "Dono's Thai"|Welcome the month of love with a special show that sweetens over honey for the fifth month from "Baek Ho", the cool white tiger from Jeju Island, at the 2023 BAEKHO MINI CONCERT <BAEKHoney DAY> IN BANGKOK. This makes the atmosphere of BAEKHoney DAY full of the power of happiness. Dono's screams greeted "Baek Ho" on stage with the songs LOVE BURN and BAD 4 U, then greeted the fans before immediately continuing the fun with absolute zero albums such as No Rules, Festival in my car and want to go back, as well as VVITH, If we, Need it, Hello and DRIVE. The young white tiger's father also showed off his craft of making flower frames with Thai handwriting. "Very happy" by yourself, ready to give paper soap to Dono Thai as a gift to everyone, breathe love and nostalgia, and also prepare a special gift exclusively for Dono Thai with a cover of the song. "Discouragement" from Billkin artists sings in Thai so clearly that fans give a thumbs up to a score of 100. Holding up the slogan "Baek-ho's smile is our happiness" and launching a warm VCR, the young man with a soft voice said "I'm happy" in Thai to thank all the fans. This event is believed to be "Dono Thai". Remember these full days of good moments for a long time to come.
"Pada Venus" releases "Love Yes" for Valentine's Day|Pada Venus, a former member of girl group Sweat16, released her debut as a solo artist on CL Music with a new music video, "Love Yes". A girl with a good voice, Pada Venus. "I've been gone for more than 5 years, this time I've been working with crazy bands, I've talked to him, so I'm inspired again, the song "Love Yes Pao" is a sweet POP R&B style song with a cool mix with bright vocals, beautiful melodies and easy-to-listen rap verses. I also got Joan-Sarawut. Mascot also served as a producer. Follow PADA Venus' work on Youtube Official: CL Music https://youtube.com/@clmusicth SPONSORED channel.
Open the photo of Sun Ryu that Tak Boriboon brought to take a retro photo of the 90s. |After years of abstinence from the entertainment industry, I found myself again. Many people barely remember it. For the famous former 90s teen actor Sun Ryu or Sun Tangsawatrat. After he opened up about his life in the past to the present, many people were shocked and sent a lot of encouragement, and people in the entertainment industry reached out to help this former hero, including Tak Boriboon Chanruang, who recently brought Sun Ryu to shoot in a retro 90s photo together. THANK YOU", THIS EVENT MADE FANS WHO SAW THEM BE AMAZED AT THE HANDSOMENESS OF THE COUPLE, ALONG WITH ADMIRING THE HANDSOMENESS OF SUN RYU AS WELL, WHO WHEN HE DRESSED UP IN A NEW DRESS, TOOK A FEW HANDSOME MODELS, ALTHOUGH THE PASSAGE OF TIME AND AGING, BUT COULD NOT DO ANYTHING ABOUT THE HANDSOMENESS OF SUN RYU.
Tiger Cubs After being advised to go back to his parents, his wife could find him at any time.|After Dream Kanyanat, the ex-girlfriend of Tiger Sethkan Sukhapimai The son of famous singer Sek Loso has announced his single status after dating for 2 years through his IG Story. Tiger posted a picture of himself with a check-in in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, and wrote, "Now instead of focusing on me, focus on being a better YOU in 2023." The kind that doesn't want to be done, physically and mentally bad all the time. Unconditional love that's the only thing I wanted all this time"SPONSORED After Tiger posted the message, there were people who followed to cheer him on, but someone commented, "Go back to embrace mom and dad, that's true love, wife whenever you find me, so perfect, it's encouraging", and Tiger replied, "Go back to the abusive/toxic environment or live in a healthy and positive environment." I want to know," Tiger replied, "I don't think so..."
Mr.-Baifern wields a sweet dinner before Valentine's Day. Very romantic atmosphere.|Since the end of the way, friends have been around for a while. The relationship of the hot young hero Mr. Naphat Somboon and the bright-faced heroine Bai Fern. Pimchanok Luewitpaiboon seems to be evolving among the couple's supporters who are eager to become a real couple off-screen. The comments teased the online worldSPONSORED and recently the fans have already broken their eyes. When Mr.-Bai Fern Post a picture of the couple going to dinner before the sweet Valentine's Day. The atmosphere is very romantic, each of them prepares a bouquet of flowers with cute cards to give to each other, in which fern leaves buy a bouquet of daisies. While he was panting for a bouquet of roses.  Bai Fern posted the photo to INSTAGRAM and wrote the caption "My Valentayy", although short but sweet, causing millions of likes from the entertainment industry and fans and tens of thousands of sweet teases.
beautiful sommon muk kanruthai Miss Grand Songkhla 2023 with MGT shine this year|Thumbs up in grand and bang. For the Miss Grand Songkhla 2023 pageant stage, "Mamie Chanphen Prisutthonamchanda" Famous businessmen The owner of the new PD bird's nest brand is willing to spend unlimited money on organizing the event. Beautiful beauty queen, good show The production runs from the opening day until tonight's finals. The 18 contestants fought with all their might, but in the end, they could not resist the top 3B beauty queen Muk Kanruthai Thasabutr, who was crowned "Miss Grand Songkhla 2023" as expected, resulting in the title of "1st runner-up of Miss Grand Songkhla 2023" belonging to Ein Panisa Suttisawang for the atmosphere of the Miss Grand Songkhla 2023 contest final at the International Convention Center celebrating the 60th anniversary of the throne in Songkhla Province. Songkhla's leading businessman, community enterprise group, media force, influencer Beauty pageant pages, including the director of the provincial pageant (PD) and Miss Grand Provincial. Fans of beauty pageants in attendance were excited to see who the "Mantra Of Ocean crown" would choose!?SPONSORED. Chief Executive Officer of Miss Grand International Public Company Limited, "Me Theresa Chaivisut", Vice President of Miss Grand International Pageant, Queen Bel Isbella Isabella Menin, Miss Grand International 2022 and TOP 10 MGT 2022, led by Ingfa Varaha, live on YouTube: Grand TV. Because 2B really has everyone, there are 1B left to fight in the quiz round. Host Pam Premika Pamela and Champ Sakul Limpapanon The 5 finalists were announced: MGSK 14 Plugger Warisara Pattanasoon / MGSK 05 Nectar Kanchana Chaimulmang/ MGSK 04 Muk Kanruthai Thasabutr / MGSK 17 Feem Warisra Boonchan / MGSK 07 Ein Panisa Suttisawang. Screams echoed the hall again with the fashion show. Miss Grand Songkhla 2022The announcement ceremony was followed by the top 10 MGT and Queen Bell, and another important scene with the farewell of Fai Pavena Niamrak, Miss Grand Songkhla 2022The announcement ceremony, the 4th runner-up of Miss Grand Songkhla 2023 was Feem Warisra Boonchan, and the 3rd runner-up, Plugger Warisara Pattanasoon, left the last 3 beauty queens on stage to answer the same question. Determine the fate of any beautiful woman who will be complete with 3B Beauty Body Brain and the best. The question is, "In the 2023 elections, the KMT or the Election Commission voted not to count the votes in real time, the budget of 5,945 million is not enough to count the votes, so the chests from all over the country must be moved to a central location. There was quite a buzz with the answers of the 3 contestants, and the second everyone was waiting for arrived. The host announced the 2nd runner-up winners, Namely, Nectar Kanjana Chaimulmang, 2 favorites, Een and Mook, holding hands to win breathlessly. Finally, the host announced who had won the title. Miss Grand Songkhla 2023: Muk Kanruthai Thasabutr amidst the cheers in the hall, with the 2nd runner-up position going to Een Panisa SuttisawangSPONSORED for the new Miss Grand Songkhla, receiving the Mantra Of Ocean crown, a sash of honor, cash worth 250,000 baht and many other prizes. Miss Grand Thailand 2023 in April.
Mikey Praya Quit Kevin, reduce it to just a friend. I'm talking to a new celebrity chef.|After the famous young YouTuber Mikey Praya Phadungsuk has launched boyfriend "Kay Kevin". The hottest young DJ didn't last long, but it seemed like his romance as a couple was over. Mikey Praya posted a message on her fan page, stating that she had decided to end her love affair as a couple and changed her status as best friend for months. Kevin is a good person who has been helping to take care of Mickey's mental state for a year, just like Mickey just posted. The two of us have agreed to be friends for months now because we want to love each other like this. WE DON'T WANT TO FIGHT AND FINALLY DON'T LOOK AT EACH OTHER, BUT WE STILL DO EVERYTHING THE SAME, MEET EACH OTHER, TALK ALL THE TIME, TALK TO EACH OTHER ABOUT EVERYTHING, NEVER GO AWAY, AND MICKEY LOVES AND RESPECTS KEVIN AS MUCH AS KEVIN LOVES AND RESPECTS MICKEYSPONSORED NOW. Mikey has started a relationship with a new person. Mikey needs to honor both of them, Kevin and the person Mikey is talking to, to make everything clear. Mikey doesn't care what words or who cares what anyone thinks. Mickey cares about the person who matters this, and let's be honest with how he feels. If you feel good about love, you are fully respectful of each other by being open, and do not like hiding or waiting for anything. If not, then let's break up, no one is wrong or right, it's all about our right to make decisions. Thank you for taking the time to read it".Many people who followed me made a lot of comments, saying that it was clear in my feelings honestly. For her new love, Mickey's mother is the handsome chef "Chef Adink" and also the owner of Bisou Bangkok. Mikey IN THE MOST MEMORABLE MOMENTS, THERE WAS A KISS ON THE LIPS WITH THE CAPTION "#love #together #allaroundtheworld".SPONSORED
Tanya Arsiam to some men. If you can't tell the truth, you don't have to. |He posted a message on social media, causing many people to flinch. For the girl, Tanya Arsiam, who has come out to post to some people. If you can't tell the truth, you don't have to. It makes the other person look bad, stop talking about it"When going to the show, if something can't be said true, you have to make a statement, don't talk about it. Don't be embarrassed? Make the other person look bad, even if they're wrong. #หยุดพูดถึงเราสักที", he then wrote, "Go back and think about it once, but honestly, you should stop talking about it." In addition, he responded to the comment saying "Angry, I'm going to talk about you to tell the truth about it like a purely stump".
Opal reveals his impressions of working with Kim Seon-ho Affirmative love is definitely not wrong.|"2023 KIM SEON HO ASIA TOUR IN BANGKOK ONE TWO THREE SMILE" of a young Korean hero with a cute dimples. Kim Seon-ho or Head Hong from the Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha series was held on February 11-12, 2023 at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. This event has won the hearts of fans because of its unrelenting cuteness, melting the Thai Seonho-Hada in a row and another person in this event who cannot be mentioned. It is the host Opal Panisara Arayasakul who plays the role of the village representative very well because over the past 2 days the host has flowed smoothly and professionally and received a lot of praise from the fans who attended the event.  SPONSORED, who posted a behind-the-scenes photo of his work with Kim Seon-ho, wrote to Kim Seon-ho: "Cute, kind, professional and respectful to the fans, the more you see the intention from the rehearsal, the attention to every detail that he has for his fans, colleagues and those around him.  Among the comments was that in addition to praising Kim Seon-ho's cuteness, they also praised Opal's professional work.
Tak Bongkot reveals a picture of Benjarongkul Farm that invested the same amount of money as building a 30-storey building. |For the benjarongkul farm of the heroine Tak Bongkot and her husband, Boonchai Benjarongkakul, who built a large kingdom in the midst of nature, with large houses, animals, horticulture and various varieties of trees. He wrote in the caption, "Very shady, I did it, I was going to build a forest and I don't know #แค่ทุกอย่างที่ทําอยู่ the money to build a 30-story building, but the building didn't give anything. We don't build, we build forests"Just seeing the picture is very pleasant, and Tak said that he used to want a husband with the same ideology, now it is as he hoped, and in the past it was a benjarongkul farm. The area has been empty before. BUT NOW IT'S LIKE THERE'S A FOREST GOING ON SPONSORED"BUILD A FOREST TOGETHER, KHUN BOONCHAI, KHUN BOONCHAI WANTS TO DO SOMETHING DIFFICULT, HOT, ARRANGED, I USED TO WANT A HUSBAND, THE SAME IDEOLOGY CAN BE SATISFIED, BONGKOT IS WADING, I WANT TO BUILD A FOREST, #ทุกอย่างในภาพใช้การสร้างและออกแบบทุกอย่างค่ะ PREVIOUS AREA WAS OPEN SPACE, #สุดที่สุดคือคุณบุญชัย.SPONSORED
You see, Endu Kim Seon-ho. Tomato snacks brought back to South Korea (video)|Let's impress the fans until their hearts melt, move on is not in a row for Kim Seon-ho. The hot young hero from South Korea, the owner of a melting dimple, recently delighted Seonho Hada Thai at the "2023 KIM SEON HO ASIA TOUR IN BANGKOK <ONE TWO THREE SMILE>" held at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center. On February 11-12, 2023. In addition to the famous hero, let's talk about work. Pison also invites fans to participate in cute and intimate activities, including roles in series, game competitions, and making the only souvenirs in the world. To give to lucky fans. And on the night of Feb. 12, 2023, Kim Seon-ho returned to South Korea. In the midst of The Thai Seonho-Hada who is ready to send the young hero to Suvarnabhumi International Airport, Pison seems to be attracted to Thai sweets because he noticed that he brought a large box of tomato-flavored crispy pastries back to South Korea. The team carried a box of snacks and a suitcase. To load under the aircraft, SPONSORED called in addition to being attracted to Thai food, including fried crab with curry powder. Mango sticky rice It looks like a crispy pastry with tomato flavor, so it's probably one of your favorites.
Open heart "Ah Long-Phakdeewijit" "Guinness" The world's most recorded|HE HAS BEEN A DIRECTOR AND THEATRE PRESENTER FOR CHANNEL 7HD FOR 25 YEARS, AND WHEN INCLUDING IN THE THAI FILM INDUSTRY, CELEBRATING PHAKDEEWIJIT, A NATIONAL ARTIST IN THE FIELD OF PERFORMING ARTS, HAS BEEN CREATING WORKS FOR A TOTAL OF 75 YEARS, MOST RECENTLY BEING LISTED ON GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS AS THE WORLD'S OLDEST MALE DIRECTOR AND THEATRICAL PRODUCER. At the age of 90 years and 297 days, Ah Long revealed, "For GUIN NESS WORLD RECORDS, I am very proud to be a great director and have always been successful. THE BEGINNING WAS MR. ART (SUPAWAT AMPRASIT), WHO WAS SO CLOSE, HE WAS AMAZED THAT AH WAS 92, ABOUT 93 YEARS OLD, SO HE RESEARCHED AROUND THE WORLD IF THERE WERE ANY DIRECTORS WHO WERE 92 YEARS OLD AND CONTINUED TO WORK. There has been talk for years, like working with 7HD for 25 years and now 92 years old and filming a new drama. That way was interested, so I informed them. Ask 7HD to certify that having worked with the channel for 25 years is true. Mr. Chalong Phakdeewijit has been working as a theatre director for 25 years. When GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS saw the evidence, it was reliable, and then it sent back the certified, and after this, there may be more discussions about the work history in the first part of Ah's life."
"LAZ1" is full of "Ouch, Khun Phra!|After announcing the end concert ONCE LAZ1 GOODBYE PARTY "Once Upon a Time Laz One" with a year-long journey and memories of 5 young Dah Wu, Off-Road, Dimon, Geller and More, the show will open on Saturday, March 11 at Muang Thai Rachadalai Theatre. To thank 5 young LAZ1 for sending a new single "Ouch, Khun Phra! (OMG)", a song from the drama "Phra Nakhon 2410"5. "Thank you so much everyone for all the support and looking forward to the big concert of the 5 of us, we are sure to do our best, including this new single Ouch Khun Phra! We wanted to add a musical gimmick and a Thai melody to the song. Enter the word cha-eng-ey. Ninoy looks at a mix of Thai and pop music and rap. As for the choreography, this song will be a cute style, and we will have a challenge on TikTok for everyone to try and dance along to. The filming day of MV was very fun, getting Charlet (Vasita Haemenau) to perform, so please follow our new music"SPONSOREDThe follows LAZ1 on Facebook : Laz1official, Instagram : laz1_official, Twitter : LAZ1_OFFICIAL and TikTok : LAZ1_OFFICIAL. Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Kan Vipakorn went to the hospital, cutting off the children, wanting to come and visit. Mom misses everyone.|Admit to hospital For Kan Vipakorn, wife of Sek Loso, tiger's mother He posted a picture of himself lying in hospital. Ready to write a message to all the children. "I'm in the hospital where I opened my eyes for the first time. I really miss everyone, I wish you could come and visit your mother, please come and visit your mother, while those who follow each other come to the comments to send encouragement to Karn by saying that come to visit your mother, your child, love is not as much as the love of your mother and father. Heal quickly, heal quickly, Don't be too nervous, it's easy to get sick. I have to fight hard and be very strong so that I don't get sick easily. Send me encouragement, ask my child to come to me, etc.
Son The Star recounts his extreme life, used to smell glue, fell out of there because he was stomped on.|It has been alluded to that life has been ruined for many years for country singer Son The Star or Son Twilight, the former champion of The Star of Thailand. Recently, he opened up on the show "Mam's Table" with the host of his mother, Mam Surivipa, clearing the issue of abandonment until he had to come out free and become a real victim or not, and revealed the story of life that used to use drugs (glue) but never shy because he wanted his own story to inspire many people who want to change now, what are they doing?", now doing shop and music. It's not all my job. After the end of The Star, he was now free, making his own music, which, according to the news, many people would consider us to be in disarray. Whether it's a picture of a motorcycle riding, or a picture of a noodle seller, I went in and posed for a photo pose to make content for people to see, which is an old photo: "What's the picture that was captured by the police?" I told him to shoot a movie in Udon, and that picture was a scene in the movie"SPONSORED, how do you feel when you take an old photo and write it differently than reality?", normal people look at me no matter because I think it's an individual's point of view, but the person directing me if the mainstream media, I'm confident in the ethics of the media, but also social media put the picture. He doesn't know what impact it has on the people he's talking about, and if I'm a person with poor patience, I'm not going to be able to do it. Life has not been shaped since childhood to endure. I think social media is usually easy, "How is it affected by ease?", at first I felt swinging. But in the end, I'm a philanthropist and I've been ordained for 3 rounds, and I love listening to monks. After all, it's more about ourselves than what we think. Inside our hearts, we have Dharma guidance. It makes us get up and see who is looking at it. Our lives are struggling on our own. Not very rich because of the difficulties, we see it as normal. So this one is considered a gift that makes us stronger"Why don't you feel like retaliating?". Every page just changed the cover, most of them have a similar image, but every page has the same content. It was about four, five years ago, and I first responded and posted a little bit of retaliation. When I posted it, I felt that the truth was on us, and I was silent, "What effect does the word fall have on our minds?" I know myself well, but it's not fair to him that he said he abandoned me. I think that's unfair to the Grammys. I got the word The Star because of the Grammys. So if you make headlines that I've been abandoned by the company, it's not fair to him. I'm just running out of contract, and I feel like I want to do something myself?" But in my waste, I feel like I like buying things that I never got from a young age, like jeans that I never bought when I was going to flirt with a girl, I had to borrow my friends' pants, but the day before the guitar never existed, now it's 20. Luckily, I don't like to eat and drink luxury, all of which is still alive today, "How is our extreme life?", I used to smell glue, and many years ago we came out of there because we got stomped, but these stories I've already said because I want to inspire someone to follow me. I want you to know that if you ever make a mistake, you can start over. I was stomped on by my brother at the time, which hadn't come out yet, but he said we had a mother and we had a talent for singing. Why don't we take the good side out to love mom, so I feel and cry. I was stomped in the middle of the village road. One part of me was shy, so my mom changed her habits. So our lives can come out of there."
Karn Vibhakar Post boiling to Dream, leave to tiger, don't let the lam pam who gave birth.|Make Kan Vipakorn, wife of the famous rocker Sek Loso, boil again. When he saw the message in the IG Story of Dream Kanyanat, the ex-girlfriend of Tiger Sethkan Sukhapimai. Sek-Kan's son posted, "Sera is old, not old, likes to have scenes all the time. Not to mention, I like to ask for a part of the annoying boon", which Karn Vipakorn took the story to post on his personal IG and wrote a boiling message: "Minus! The tiger thinks nothing of it, the tiger will love anyone, like anyone, do not let the person of the tiger come to the birth of this person. The tiger itself is going to be looked at badly, toxic, like this, I used to protect my mother. I once promised my mother that I would never betray her. That's it, you know, and think about it before your mother doesn't tolerate it. Take another case. Spit!".sponsored  
Mr. Naphat Kuang Baifern celebrates valentine's day I don't think we'll be together on a special day (clip)|Since the end of the way, friends have been around for a while. The relationship of the hot young hero Mr. Naphat Somboon and the young heroine Bai Fern. And last night, it seemed to be getting better. The fans are excited. After seeing the photo the couple posted together for dinner before the sweet Valentine's Day. The atmosphere is very romantic, each of them prepares a bouquet of flowers with cute cards to give to each other, in which fern leaves buy a bouquet of daisies. While he was panting for a bouquet of roses, he had a chance to meet him. Mr. Panasonic AIR CONDITIONER BUSINESS CONFERENCE 2023 at Great Room, 3rd Floor, W Bangkok Hotel, Sathorn Road "It's special and I feel happy all the time, which is probably normal or not normal (laughs) is that we spend time doing things together like normal people"The first Valentine of the two of us?"Yes, it was the first Valentine to be with him. We're both excited. We didn't expect us to be able to sit down and eat together on a special day."The conversation has changed?", the food is already delicious, and we have prepared gifts for each other. I chose only the color and tone that I missed him more"There are cards too, right?"Yes, they exchanged, wrote, and exchanged them both (shyly)"Have you agreed on the status at all?"Last night... Last night we didn't agree on a status, but I felt like I had said before: There's no need for anything to limit us. It's just that we feel good about each other, value each other. That's enough, "Is there a word for it?". He likes to be called lightly, affectionately. Don't be noisy, 'leaves. "I don't call it my girlfriend because I'm holding a trick?", but I think it's probably because I'm shy. Wait and ask him first, "Are we so crazy that mom has to tease?" billboard, he's so beautiful. Now drive wherever you go. There's always his face. That day, when I finished eating and going out for a walk, I found it beautiful, beautiful billboard"Why don't we post some pictures of dinner? Leave him alone?" Let's be honest. I want to capture all the moments, I don't want to play social media (smile), "We haven't quit being shy?", I'm shy. I don't know how to stop feeling shy. It's embarrassing (laughs)." Do you have any plans for this year?" BAI IS NOW ABROAD TO RUN HIS ERRANDS, SO WE BOOKED A RESTAURANT ON THE 12TH BEFORE HE FLEW IN."
Aum Bhattacharya This year's Valentine's Day is not lonely, fans send dumplings wrapped in love.|Valentine's Day this year super heroine 'star girl um Phatcharapa Chaisin It's definitely not lonely, because the fans are ready to cheer for the silence and make a big surprise. Fill the girls with food support cars, dumplings wrapped in love. Sweet pink decoration and cute heart balloons for the mother to smile on her cheeks in the middle of the set of the drama "The wind blows through the stars" Channel 7 of the presenter Tik Jesadaphon Pholdee, Dreamers Society Creation, warm and sweet for both the giver and the receiver. Aum Bhattacharya He posted a picture with the caption, "Thank you so much, you sent me a dumpling truck wrapped in love, and the brothers in the pile, the cutest and the first bouquet of flowers. Thank you for never leaving me for 10 years and 20 years still the same.  I can say that this year the love from FC will surely fill the hearts of Aum girls.
Pok surprises Margie with a big diamond ring and even has to be handed over to the police.|Pok Passornkorn and Margie Rasri, although the couple have a baby together, don't forget to sweeten each other often. Margie's best friend posted a clip of him giving a special gift that Pok intends to surprise his wife on the occasion of the 8th anniversary. "Happy 8th Anniversary Gift to Pok!! I'm not a friend. Don't be fooled# The Best Husband", in the clip, Margie teased that even the police had taken it to hand. When I opened the red box, I opened it. A shiny diamond ring was found in the box, making those who received it smile. When my friends asked me how the old ring was, Margie said, "What do you wear?" Put it all on, and hold up a hand with a ring on your finger to your friends. See.SPONSOREDSPONSOREDA post shared by IZE Pitchapong (@ize_pitchapong)
Af Thaksorn Valentine single and sexy Wearing a show dress on the back with a very cool caption.|It's getting more and more sexy for the sweet-faced heroine-host. Af Thaksorn Bhakdisukcharoen also posted each photo with a cool caption that resonates with fans all the time. Af Thaksorn Post a picture of yourself in an open-back dress with a pose that doubles your sexiness. "If you don't have eyes today, you won't be jealous of #HappyValentinesDay" SPONSORED Among the comments from people in the entertainment industry and fans who are willing to send fire emojis with full hearts and tease sexy and thousands of resonant captions, Tee Thanapol commented, "If you are jealous, Happy Valentines Day Krup", and Aff replied, "Happy V Day naka", causing fans to like and comment in a flash.
"Rock Mountain 2023", a midwinter rock music festival  |"Rock Mountain 2023" takes fans aboard a pirate ship Chang Music Connection presents Rock Mountain 2023, the mid-winter rock festival of the year at "GMM SHOW" and the "GFest" team created Jolly Land Khao Kho. The area is surrounded by mountains of rock music, and this year the highlight of the event was the stage in the form of a giant pirate ship. Measuring more than 70 meters wide and more than 30 meters high, it stands in the middle of the mountainous event space, designed by the world-class M.O.D. (Monday On December) team, creating the surrounding area into a pirate town for travelers to experience a fantasy atmosphere. With the first surprise from the marching band from Suranaree Witthaya School, the champion of the Department of Physical Education Marching Band Contest 2023, then TILLY BIRDS was the first band to welcome and take the pirate ship together. Followed by KLEAR, the singing power of the fans followed closely filled the front of the stage. Take over with the power of LOMOSONIC, who won't miss jumping into the music fans like every other time, and then it's time for a special "Pat KLEAR - Pup Band POTATO" to sing "Tomorrow Is Never Late to Love Each Other, Longer Than Ever", a re-arranged version of the song that the couple had never sung together before. The loud applause of the whole event, followed by the soft sound of NUM KALA, who came out to sing along non-stop until the big ass, which is cool, invested in white and red all over the body, bursting into the most exciting song song-by-song, until another special moment, "Young Kala - Boy, LOMOSONIC Band" orbited together for the first time perfectly in the song "Good but the mouth", until the time THREE MAN DOWN, the band that the teenagers were looking forward to, where only the first melody came up, received a thunderous scream, before passing it on to the senior COCKTAIL, who invited them to sing and rock, waking everyone up to jump up until almost no one sat down to the special moment. Send it to POTATO to speed up the temperature to the next level. When the lights came to life, the lights, colors and sounds of the ship came back to life with impressive fireworks. LABANOON grabbed a great guitar and released a hit song that was sung from start to finish, ending the pirate ship's journey in a fun way that impressed travelers without forgetting.
Extremely shy, yaya, beautifully dressed, waiting for the chance to win Nadejn to make a surprise Are you ready to answer that?|February 14 is a day of love where every year fans will see the sweet moments of young Nadej Kukimiya and Yaya Urasya, either going to dinner or ordering flowers and special items for each other. But I'm sure she won't have any surprises today. Yaya attended the press conference to officially launch the "Makro PRO" application, transforming Makro into a New Era at the Grand Hall, 3rd floor, Unicorn True Digital Park West. I don't really know what this year is going to be like, "He didn't make us fuss, did he?" But it didn't tell us what to prepare, so I didn't do anything (laughs)"Like the number of years it's growing, what's the gift?", a little bit, but it's been a long time coming, so I think the little things that it is like will be easier. "How special is the cake?"Make it yourself, which we have already done, but I can't think of it, I'll go back and do it"It's called waiting for a surprise, right?", wait to see what he will do"With the caption "My daughter-in-law said son-in-law"?"When I saw it, I thought that the glass mother teased. He's always going to have a caption that exceeds expectations: "Like you've been given a title?" I have to ask Brother Bear (shy), "How do you feel when you see the caption?"I don't think the glass mom is cute (shy)"The fans are getting closer because the glass mother draws her head so hard?"I don't no. I have to stay at Brother Bear and this, throw it, "What gift did you give mom?", take it to dinner, and then have a cake"Ready to face the two mothers?", "We haven't seen each other for a very long time. "Besides cake, what's the gift for mom?"No, if there's a Valentine's day this year, he's surprised?", I don't (laughs). I'm sure no, "Do we usually have a sense if he's going to be surprised?" (laughs) "It's not like it's 2pm flipping the locks, right?" UNLIKELY (LAUGHS)."
May Pichanat shows off sweet photos for Valentine's Day, each shot is very much like a pre-wedding (clip)|It is another sweet couple that many people want to have good news. For sexy actress May Pichanat Korn and Hiso young Big Akarawatchara Kongsirikarn. After dating for 3-4 years, and the love is always sweet. There are sweet pictures to be seen regularly, most recently on Valentine's Day, May Pichannat has posted both sweet pictures and clips with her boyfriend, each shot says that it is very sweet, dressed beautifully, poses sweetly, feels like a pre-wedding photo, how to do it, so SPONSORED made friends in the industry even tease this photo that I think of pre-wedding.
Thak Bharanu The post asks the news of the actress. Isn't that true?|After rumours surfaced that the actress A. Related to gambling websites Shocked many people and wondered who the news was referring to. And whether this is true or not, including the young actor Zap Thak Bharanyu Rojanawuttham, who was shocked and suspicious of the news. Tack Pharunyoo posted a message on his fan page saying, "It's not true, someone sent me a girl with a gambling website, who has some information? TELL ME, ETC.SPONSORED
Hail. Araporn revealed that the profit was almost 2 million baht, 1 year wrong, not more than 8 installments.|Enter another full-fledged lottery player. For the famous singer Hai He recently revealed on channel 8's "Celebrity Sit Clear" that last year he made a profit of 2 million baht from playing the lottery. He also revealed that he had been contacted to be a lottery presenter and finally updated his life on his love story and why he is single to this day. I've been asked 4 times by a man to say goodbye to the industry, so what's the best way to play the lottery?" You can do it in any profession, industry, trade, and even go hand in hand. I really want to be a YouTuber. There's a lot to play with. We want to travel too, help people with "Cheap, but lottery, have you left your acting career?", it's an investment. In the past, it was just fun, but when you play, it's ok. Actually, I've been in this industry for 2 years. Now that it's full, what do we do, there will be a limit, know how much you can play, there will be one lump sum deposited in one bank, and then used to play the lottery directly. The minimum is twenty thousand, thirty thousand. Perhaps it's cheaper than buying hundreds of thousands. There was an installment to buy thirty thousand, almost four hundred thousand"SPONSORED, there was a clip of a scream, a restaurant. What is that period?", the period has a profit of about five hundred thousand. Invest a hundred thousand. Helping to mao is like doing alms, making merit with the merchant. The prize is at the bottom of the panel, people don't look, it will enter the 4th prize, the 3rd prize, "What makes you want to play?" We alluded to another third party and (laughs). I saw you buying, buying a bag, we were shocked, we bought twenty thousand, it's a lot. Since that day, we have always followed his path. Did you know? I set a budget. Let's say this cube plays a hundred thousand, one year we'll come to think about it. This year, rats got almost two million baht. It's better than going to the bank again"How do you look at buying a lottery?", Hai will buy the nearest number. I used to talk to monks. The monk told me not to run anywhere looking for numbers. The last three cards, the date of birth or the house number, the car number, it's going to be like this, and it's every installment in our number, and it's really like that, I've bought the lottery since I moved into my new home last year, and so far, counting how many right and how many wrong 1 year, wrong no more than 8 installments. Don't play hard for yourself. Don't go borrowing debts, borrow other people's money to play"Tell me about incense?"When you go to the fasting And light the incense sticks exactly exactly every time, the new year is tick-to-k"Seeing the pages, hay, arporn, mute, lottery, go to make ghost pages?", all the fake pages will tell you. We've never set up a page. How can you deceive other people? We don't know what the lottery is going to be. If I knew what the lottery was, I was rich and dead, so I had to tell everyone. Everyone needs to have judgment in watching in the addiction because social media is very scary"Is someone approached to be a lottery presenter?"All platforms want to receive it. I'm a person who makes a living and knows how to spend money. Gambling never makes anyone rich, and we have less money. Look at me as an example, but I'm not a good example. It is not illegal. Coincidentally, we buy it every installment. It's not illegal"When COVID was a profession, I went to help people put things in bags to sell, what did they sell during that time?", I have to say that at that time, he said lockdown, we thought about sleeping comfortably because in the past it was fun to run. A week has passed, and half a month has not stopped. Three months ago I couldn't live anymore, just I slept a week. There is a feeling that look downwards. I'm on the 8th floor if we jump the building. Is our corpse beautiful, it's fuzzy, it's stressful, it can't live anymore. WE WOKE UP IN THE MORNING AND WENT OUT TO WORK AND THE SPONSORED COMPLAINED TO MY MOM THAT WE COULDN'T STAY ANYMORE, WE INVITED HER TO GO DOWNSTAIRS TO THE CONDO, THERE WAS A FLEA MARKET, WE SAW HIM REMOVING THE TILAPIA SCALES, BUT THE FISH WAS DEAD, WE FELT EH, WE MARINATED THE FISH SAUCE, THE FISH SAUCE THAT WE ATE, MARINATED AND THEN WENT TO DRY. The first two days, people began to order hundreds of kilos. We called him in the province, can you please do this? Nowadays, sending Australia, Hong Kong, America, Japan", do you think? Why don't we have a boyfriend?", is sincere. There were 4 people who asked me to marry in my past life, but we all refused. I can't feel like a good housewife. We may be conservative"4 reasons to ask to dress and not to dress is to think a lot?", at that time we still wanted to make a living, wanted to set ourselves up, and had the wisdom to make money ourselves. There is one person who sells very famous cars. I can't speak. Say it and everyone will know, he will give way to adults to ask for me, escape with the utmost power, good status as well, a huge executive, salary in hundreds of thousands. Look, we don't."
Marie Jaeng, a Thai dramatist, has a habit of relaxing. I didn't mean to be bad, I just wanted to suggest what I found.|It has become a topic of drama that has been talked about on social media. When Marie Berner said on Marie-Lily's "Madi with Lily and Marie", Marie said, "Thai people are in the habit of paying installments a lot. Everyone buys something and nobody thinks about how much monthly installment payments they have, but if we try to calculate buying a house, most of them contract for 20-30 years. Latest Marie has also clarified the drama through her own IG Story. From the content in the clip, Marie has used the word "Thai people" in the habit of installment, which is not actually intended in a negative sense, because she also refers to herself who has experienced installment of the whole house, car and regret. In what I have seen, I would like to share it with you and I want everyone to be careful about various installments. That doesn't mean installment is bad or unnecessary. Perhaps the fact that we choose to relax without thinking carefully (from experiencing ourselves and those around us) will become an overhead that will make it difficult for ourselves in the future. I just want everyone to do a good calculation, and I don't have any intention of insulting others. If there is any error or misunderstanding or misrepresentation MARIE APOLOGIZES TO EVERYONE HERE".
"Mae Kaew" posted herself, two families "Nadej-Yaya" joined together to celebrate their birthday together.|"Muaysa" is here!!"Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
Aye Chutima, tears in her eyes, did not return her boyfriend because the man returned to his old profession.|After becoming a single girl again. For Ae Chutima Naina, the former Miss Thailand. He was a special guest on the Club Friday Show who revealed his recently concluded love story with his 31-year-old boyfriend, who admitted to still loving the other person, but something that couldn't go back to the way it was. He even had to hold back tears from crying. When it comes to answering this question, don't go back because he went back to doing something he didn't like?(nodded. Hold back tears) yes, that's not back, it's not that his current career isn't good. He should have had other careers where he could do more. He used to be with Ae to shoot commercials, but he went back to that choice, which would be difficult to get back in the entertainment industry. I don't mind this profession, and I don't think you're doing it.
Nag Charlie Open a love letter from someone who used to love so much. Broke up, but it's still a good memory.|Nag Charlie Trairat, who always has funny content to elicit laughter from fans, but recently on Valentine's Day, Nag also has a mode to appreciate him. He posted a heart-shaped letter that read, "Love you, Nag," an important gift from a former lover that is still well preserved. This Valentine's Day I wish everyone happiness", which has a lot of fans teasing each other by asking "Who made me new?" or "Fold yourself and see it out", to which Nag replied, "This is the person who used to love each other so much, fold it for me, I still love a lot, through both good and bad things, but they disperse and love, remember only the good things, I folded into birds" and "I keep it good. USUALLY STORED IN THE SAFE", "THAT I'm going to make a frame on the headboard", and then a lot of fans came in and sent hearts to Nag, saying that it's been a while since I've seen this guy's sentimental mode.sponsored
Kim Seon-ho is the first fan meet in Thailand.|The first fan meeting of actor Kim Seon Ho Asia Tour in Bangkok < ONE, TWO, THREE. SMILE > the first fan meeting of actor Kim Seon Ho or the head of the girls was held for 2 full days. ON FEBRUARY 11-12, AT QUEEN SIRIKIT NATIONAL CONVENTION CENTER, THE ORGANIZER WAS 247 ENTERTAINMENTSPONSORED. It opens with a singing show with a greeting to Thai fans saying "Hello, let's have fun" with a smile full of nostalgia. That's it, thai fans scream loudly. Kim Seon-ho then told everyone that when he came on stage and saw everyone, he almost burst into tears because of the nostalgia and love of the fans. The young hero didn't wait long to enjoy an exclusive interview that only fans at the event heard from Kim Seon-ho's mouth, and ended with a game that saw the cuteness of the young hero. This work brings a smile. BEFORE THE KIM SEON HO ASIA TOUR IN BANGKOK < ONE, TWO, THREE. SMILE > ENDED, KIM SEON HO INVITED EVERYONE TO TAKE A PHOTO TOGETHER TO COMMEMORATE THE EVENT. This event fills you with happiness, impressions and nostalgia. Kim Seon Ho will tell everyone, "I had a lot of fun today, see you in May", and after the KIM SEON HO ASIA TOUR IN BANGKOK < ONE, TWO, >THREE. When the young hero Kim Seon-ho came to stand, Hi Bye sent everyone home. It warms everyone's hearts quite a lot.
Lily, if refreshed, posted a picture of a two-piece dress. Tell us chocolate isn't as sweet as ours.|Growing up as a girl is really sexier for southern country singer Lily Narinath. Or lily, if it's refreshing. In addition to being more than ever. The captions are just as cool as the pictures. The post has had fans tease throughout the recent event, Lily, if refreshed, posting another sexy photo. This time, dressed in a white two-piece dress with floral patterns, with beautiful poses to add zest, wrote the cool caption "February 14th, chocolate is not as sweet as ours". She said, "I guess I've finished shooting and changing into a beautiful 555 dress," before Lily replied, "When I got into the pool, I was wearing a sports shirt shorts 5555555".
The music industry is sad, the P.O.P. has died suddenly. Fans join in the mourning.|The music industry is sad news again. When guitarist, songwriter Young producer Tong Montien Kaewpradit or P.O.P (P.O.P) died suddenly, with the cause of death still unknown. On his personal Facebook page, Fung Akarachonch Ratchapandi or Better Weather posted a picture with Tong Montien and wrote a tribute to the senior guitarist, "The teacher who taught me scolded but was kind, my guitar idol has been playing guitar all my life. She inspired me to produce, to listen to music, to cook, if I didn't have a big brother who chewed on my guitar that day, I wouldn't have had me today. I'm glad you let me play guitar in Save da last piece show, I'm glad you missed me on a difficult day. With all due respect, Big Brother Montien Tong Kaewgamnoed, sleep well, Brother. "Fans came forward to express their condolences after hearing the devastating news. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to express our condolences.
"Jamie Nine-Forth" as Mr.Valentine presents gifts to southern border children|"Jamie Nine–Narawit Thiticharoenrak" and "Forth–Nattawan Jirochanthikul" from my girlfriend series as student president to play the role of Mr.Valentine participated in THE SWEET SWAP event behind Central Embassy. Happy Valentine's 2023: MR.VALENTINE AND HISLAND OF LOVE in collaboration with Central Group, Jamie Nine-Forth invites lucky fans to share their love by giving gifts to children in the southern border provinces with Central Group's Million Gifts Million Smiles project. Fans brought new gifts such as dolls to give more than 500 pieces, making 2 young men smile without shutting up. "We are both delighted to be here and have been a medium to deliver the gifts of love to our fans today to children in areas affected by the unrest in the southern border provinces. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Tak Boriboon does not mess with drama Sun Ryu Making content together, just wanting to help.|It's made a lot of people buzz. Seeing Tak Boriboon modeled with Sun Ryu is a retro 90s photo shoot together. After the image was published. Many fans who followed appreciated the handsomeness of the couple, especially Sun Ryu, who had a completely new look. Recently, I met Tak Boriboon to attend the crystal sports launch event at Tennis Court in Crystal Sports. He opened up about it, asking Ryu Sun what he was doing together: "We've been cultivating it for a long time. Nino will teach us how to help each other. I was once as bad as I was in the entertainment industry. But I was very lucky because I had a good brother, Nino, so I was instilled. This time, I called Ryu himself. I'm not going to mess around with personal matters in his house. I don't know what he's going to be like, but I'm going to go back to the '90s. Face Technician Hairdresser, everything, which is almost on air"How long has it been since I met Ryu?" We met in the past, but we weren't close. "Is the content we hired him to do?" But we also give him and encourage him. IF HE FALLS, WE SHOULD HELP HIM."Is there any other project to help?"SPONSORED"Looks like a case. In the old days he was very handsome, we just came to adjust, we just had a duty to promote him"A lot of people are worried because he himself has a lot of drama?" There are a lot of streams, because he may not be complete, but at least we can help him. It doesn't go one hundred percent. What I got back and that made me so much in was Brother Ryu. Thank you, we're comfortable, we're not going to expect anything. We just pushed him and went, modeled, changed his look. As for his stuff, I don't interfere with him,"From working with Ryu, do you think he can come back to entertainment?", he said he loves this kind of life. But if he returns to work sporadically, he prefers it. If I get a full-time job, I wouldn't "really, we don't help Ryu alone, but we used to help other people too?", in the past, Tak wasn't a good person, a bad person. I used to have no job because I was banned because we were so stubborn, so I got banned from the entertainment industry, no job, no money, but I got a good brother. Brother Nino Brother Job Nidhi, the fat brother, he is encouraging us. I don't use it. Nino Job is the one who gave me the money. When we grew up, it made us indoctrinated to help others." Did you help Ryu a lot?", not a lot, it's finally up to him." Preparing for the concert, did you know?" Don't talk to each other".
Behind the scenes Benz Punyaporn shooting sexy fashion for Valentine's Day (clip)|For Benz Punyaporn Poonpipat, who always has beautiful fashion pictures for fans to wow and like often, and the latest fashion set of photos makes the boys have to look at each other. At this event, the Benz girl revealed her beautiful skin in a sweet but sexy dress. It's a beautiful event. In addition, we also have a behind-the-scenes clip of this fashion shoot of a Benz girl.
Giggle around the Miss Sexy Thailand audition because your charm is sexy.|The force doesn't stop! The Thai sexy industry has been bustling since the beginning of the year with a new stage trending Miss Sexy Thailand 2023 because your charm is sexy. Led by Nat Kritin Jigit, artist The real mother of Thailand's sexy story together with Khun Mongkol Jawongwadee, the executive of the popular app Call Play, the event chairman and the copyright holder, whose audition round has ended, but still talks about the selection of sexy girls at Mirinn Club Bangkok, with more than half a hundred beautiful women who will be selected to only the final 24 people around this audition. Deputy CEO, Masterpiece Hospital, Nut Kritin Jigit, Artist Director of Miss Sexy Thailand Miss Sexy Thailand, Luk bear Radha Thongsiriprisri, supermodel of many eras, Mr. Nui Suvimon Thaninkulnath, CEO of the famous brand ME Energy Drink. Maxim, Bunny Maxim, Amy Maxim and Eve Maxim. Lexi crushed the star to take on the role of live host. Sponsored Mr. Dao Lapasrada Lertpanuroj Executive Vice CEO, Masterpiece Hospital Open your mind that you have already seen it with your eyes, and I must say that this stage is extraordinary. There's more than sexy, expensive, all-encompassing, stage-setting. Miss Sexy Thailand Miss Sexy Thailand Not Kritin Jigit Artist The Director of Miss Sexy Thailand, Miss Sexy Thailand, said loudly that the trend of the stage is very strong. A lot of people have signed up, many famous brands want to sponsor us. This is the beginning, so I can say that the next round is definitely hotter than this, of course, bear cub Halo Thongsiriprisri, a supermodel hot for many eras. Sexiness depends on how people define it. For bears, sexiness is your real self, which has evolved over time. This year, miss sexy thailand stage. The stage has been on fire since the audition round. Don't miss Mr. Nui Suvimon Thaninkulnath, CEO of ME Energy Drink The power we can choose Let's be honest. IT'S NOT EASY TO CHOOSE, IT'S BEAUTIFUL, SEXY, A LOT OF STYLES, A LOT OF PEOPLE, A LOT OF PEOPLE.
Pandan moved after learning the DSI sent an idiom to the prosecutor, asking for an opportunity.|A deputy spokesman for the Attorney General's Office revealed that an employee of the Department of Special Investigation had submitted the Forex-3D case to the Special Prosecutor's Office. The next step is the Director-General of Public Prosecutions. The Office of Special Cases will present the case report and expressions to the Attorney General for consideration, and in addition, 2 out of 8 names that the Special Investigation Officer should order to prosecute. It was found that the name Mr. Pattanapol Mintakin Sakul Mai Kuncharn Na Ayutthaya or "DJ Man" and Ms. Sutheewan Kuncharn or "Baitoey" were also present because they found the financial path linking the Forex-3D case quite clearly. In factual form, the procedure of the law. Initially, we had to see the DSI from the beginning, and when the DSI ordered the prosecution, we had to go to the prosecutor, which is the legal process. Today, he reported to the Prosecutor's Office. P.S. (And we haven't been indicted by prosecutors yet.) From now on, the prosecutor will consider it further. This is the legal truth now, I have to ask for clarification from the pandan side and in the private area of pandan, I would like to reiterate that according to the law, we are now innocent. I have never been arrested, I have not been arrested, I have not been arrested, I have never been arrested, I have been arrested and I have never been arrested, I have been I also reaffirmed the same words that Pandan and Pei Man would like to take the opportunity to prove their innocence in the next prosecutor's office. All the encouragement and concerns sent to our family, I would like to clarify the truth from my heart and do not ask for any media questions from now on. I hope everyone understands and trusts both of us, thank you from the heart, Happy Vday 2023 #รักทรหด (this photo at noon today)."
Shining handsome Mr. Naphat with a cool heart to receive Valentine's Day |When the handsome young hero Mr. Naphat Somboon came to show off his handsomeness to the girls to scream at each other, since the young hero came to act as a presenter, launching the fresh air function to the new generation. At the "Panasonic Air Conditioner Business Conference 2023" on Monday, February 13, 2023 at the Great room, 3rd floor, W Bangkok Hotel. Mr. Naphat also showed his singing skills. Candles shine brightly. The theme song of the drama "Sabanga Necklace" that plays with the young heroine Bai Fern. Pimchanok said sweetheart in the future of the young master as well. So we captured the handsomeness through the lens of this hero.
Bogie Lion is beautiful and doesn't care about being single. Let go of the sizzling stuff, get Valentine's Day.|Hotter than the sun This minute must be given to the singer, a thin waist, a small body. Bogie Lion, a fashion icon who recently released a new fashion set with a famous cosmetics brand. Welcome the month of love with the concept of Bowky Hot Valentine, a hot Valentine typical of Bogie Lion in a fiery red chest dress. Reveals smooth, radiant skin Paired with tiny mini skirts with red and black stripes. Add a touch of bright red see-through long gloves, so you can tell that the level of zest is to bring chili to the whole garden. Plus, it's a quirky makeup with two black eyeliner writings. Anyone who sees their eyes will surely be fascinated by the seductive eyes. Match with ombre matte lipstick, chasing shades of dark red and orange, spreading the edges of the lips. Who doesn't want to live like a lonely person this Valentine's Day? The main idea for this fashion makeup shoot is graphic eyeliner, which adds a gimmick to the eyes to look more charming and sexy. Fill your lips with a crimson lip matte that is applied with a breblene-brown lip gradient with a brownish-orange color, helping to make the look look a hot Valentine's Day.SPONSORED This makeup look is the main feature of the creation is playing with the lines of the eyeliner in black. Rubbing the heat with the color of the eyelids that bring the orange-gold eye palette to blend with the ruddy red. Finish off this look with the most popular lip matte on social media, use ombre blend as a complete look that looks sexy and hot Number One.
DSI handed over the case against "Pandan-Man" to the prosecutor, including "Daryl".|DSI special investigation officer has handed over nearly 20,000 pages of forex 3D chain sharing case to the public prosecutor and has ordered the prosecution of 8 of the 16 accused. The latter found a clearly relevant financial path. Meanwhile, the prosecutor appointed the accused to re-order the case. March 16 at 10 a.m. is also an issue that society monitors from the beginning to the close of its conclusion. Chain sharing case "Forex 3D" Caused damage to more than 10 billion baht. There are a lot of people in the entertainment industry involved, all of whom have gradually come out to clarify through various media channels that they have not done anything that is considered a chain share. Even some actors have been arrested and prosecuted for making headlines about it. At the Attorney General's Office On Feb. 14, the special investigation officer The Department of Special Investigation adopted Special Investigation No. 273/2022 or the 3D forex chain sharing case of 42 files of 18,450 pages and decided to indict the 3rd accused, including 8 out of 16 persons, together with the accused persons to be handed over to the Special Prosecutor for prosecution for the offence of fraudulent loans to the public. Together, they defraud the public and jointly put into the computer system. False computer information that is likely to cause damage to others or the public. This is an offence according to Fraudulent Borrowing of People Act 1984 c. 4 5.5 km 12th and 15th grade P.A. Section 343 and the Computer Crime Act B.E. 2550 (2007) M.3 M.14 The prosecutor took the expression to carry out the procedure of Mr. Kosolawat Intuchanyong. Deputy Spokesperson for the Attorney General's Office "This afternoon," he said. Special Investigation Officer The Department of Special Investigation has submitted the case of 3D forex chain sharing to the prosecutor of the Special Case Office. The next step is Mr. Virulh Chanthananan. The Director-General of the Special Prosecution Office will present the case report and the expression to the Attorney General for consideration in accordance with the written order. SAT 0001/160 However, the prosecutor in charge will examine the expression thoroughly and expedite the legal process. 1. DJ Man - Mr. Pattanapol Mintakin 2.Baitoey-Miss Sutheewan Kuncharn 3.Mr.Papop Golpraneet 4. Mrs. Promporn Golpraneet 5. Mr. Chatchai or Tiger Kochtin 6. Kim Wang Tako 7. Mrs. Suthida Khunno 8. Mr. Ayuwat Chaimethanakul 9. 10. Mrs. Sasima Silun or Panitsit 11. Mr. Attapol Khammeesawang 12. Mr. Suranath Nakmusik 13. Mr. Paisan Janecharoenphan 14. Mr. Piyawat Pathomwanich 15. Mr. Eddie Polkari and 16.Mr. Daryl Young, Singaporean. Sara's boyfriend Kazingini The prosecutor appointed all the accused to hear the case on March 16 at 10.00 a.m. The Department of Special Investigation has an opinion on the prosecution. The names of DJ Man-Mr. Pattanapol Mintakin Baitoey-Ms. Sutheewan Kunchar and Mr. Daryl Young, Sara's boyfriend. Kazingini The young model was included because she found a financial trail clearly linking the case the same day. The Department of Special Investigation (DSI) publicizes the public and individuals who have been damaged by the scam to invest in the 3D forex chain as a result of the actions of celebrities. singer Actors, celebrities or any person shall visit the DSI Special Investigation Officer to file a grievance as soon as possible. If evidence is found, anyone who commits an additional offence must be prosecuted without omission.
Bella You can tell me the launch. Post a picture holding a bouquet of flowers next to the person. Poke|Single, beautiful and very rich, has come a big break. For the hot girl heroine Bella. Rani Campen Despite the news with the boys in the past, there is still no sign of any of them being bella's real acquaintances. Bella Rani made a joke. When I posted a picture of myself holding a bouquet of flowers and slapping my shoulder next to me with the caption "My Valentine, I can open it", but when I opened the next photo, I smiled because the person next to Bella was holding my shoulders was not anyone else. HE ALSO POSTED SEVERAL BOUQUETS OF FLOWERS THAT HAD BEEN SPONSORED BY HIS FANS, CAUSING FANS TO COMMENT IN FULL. Ploy, the personal manager, also made a comment saying "it's finally done" and added a tearful emoji.
Nadej was teased for a Valentine's day dress, a fashion that was worn and survived alone.|It's a soup'star couple who never radiates in a love frenzy. Nadej Kukimiya and Yaya Urasya, who on Valentine's Day this year, served their fans a sweet photo, although this year the couple did not book a luxury dinner hotel, but the couple switched to cooking their own meals at the condo. Nadej posted a picture with the caption "Just a normal day isn't it!? @urassayas #valentineday #งานไม่ใหญ่แน่นะวิ". THE BIG PLAY IS VERY FULL, GLITTERING FROM AFAR, SO THAT IT MAKES EVERYONE TEASE EACH OTHER A LOT, AND ALSO SAYS THAT WHOEVER WEARS IT DOES NOT SURVIVE, BUT NADEJ WEARS IT AND DEFINITELY SURVIVES.
Tisha The top of the view lace lingerie is soaring. My friend even teased me that the fire was hell.|Turn on zap mode frequently for Tisha Kanticha. Chumma or Tisha the Face, but this work seems to be skyrocketing. On Valentine's Day, he posted a clip with the caption "I can't lose when I'm with you", which was a great shot while showing off his curved body in red lace underwear. Get a lot of views and likes. Friends in the entertainment industry have come to like each other and queued up in line, including Tisha's best friend, Jukku The Face, who commented on the hotness, saying, "It's so hot. SPONSOREDSPONSOREDA post shared by Ticha 🦊 (@kantichachumma)
Thak Bharanu Show love scene with wife for Valentine's Day with special gift (clip)|I'm crazy about love. For young actor Zap Thak Bharanu Rojanawuttham, who often shows sweetness to businesswoman Belle. Adirap herself, her family, and her wife regularly pass through social media. It took singles who saw pictures and clips to even ask themselves what I was doing here. Add the internet to see if people love each other and most recently valentine's day. Thak Bharanu Post a picture with your wife and a box of flower-shaped sweets, showing off your sweetness like a fanatic again with a love scene with your beloved wife. There are cheeky shots, as well as scents of my wife's breasts, and the lightest thing to see is a picture in the IG Story that is a box of rings filled with condoms, along with the caption "I give, but it's all fresh" and the tag to my wife's SPONSORED IG.  Some of them said that dad was crazy and loved a lot, but there were some who criticized "Do you think this is appropriate?" and Tack replied, "I don't like it, it's been a long time since I've been down, I haven't been down every day.
Thairath TV Heavy penetration in 2023, preparing to "move, shake, crush, expand"|Thairath TV opened 2023 with the 5th nationwide average rating and continues to hold the title of "Number One News Station", seizing the beachhead of Bangkok viewers with a nationwide audience of 2.71 million viewers per minute. 10.72% growth rate from 2022 (Source: Nielsen TV Audience Measurement (15-year-old and above)) Every Monday - Friday at 19.00, the 1st session meets the real news anchors Oui Proud and Milk Khemsorn, and the 2nd session at 20.15 pm. You will not miss all the news issues with the talented news anchor Mint Orachaporn who joins forces with Oui Proud. Clear hot news with King Peerawat and Mint Orachporn at the same time. Thairath News Show remains the number one news program on both weekdays and weekends. During 19.00-22.00 on January 2023SPONSORED, the ratings in the Bangkok audience base reached 2.365, and the green morning news was able to grow ratings among all groups, especially urban audiences, which grew by 20% and Rural, which grew by 28% compared to the first half of the year and the second half of last year. The show is hosted by one of Thairath TV's stand-alone hosts, Oui Pakphum, invited to open his mouth with us in "Open Your Mouth with Pride". Thairath evening news with experienced news anchors such as Kraten Waraporn Sompong and Bird Natthapong. Muhammed, who managed to generate ratings in urban audiences, increased by up to 38%, followed by the news program Egg News. A new live news program that has added announcer Mint Orachaporn Chaladon to the news table with the host of the year. Black ants Kachapa, Young Korrachai and Kanungnij buses that can make waves in social media hotly. News program for residents of cities and towns Guaranteed with a nationwide average rating of 0.882 last year, BKK audience rating of 2.102 and Urban group of 1.170. Fierce, fearless, full of flavor, of course! Mellow with lighthearted morning news programs Come to roam all over the world Ready to stick to the best things all over Thailand in the news program from 08.30-10.00 am With three hosts Sai Ha Khun Chana, Khun Baitong and Mr. Chisa, and indispensable with checking the stars with Dr. Kai. Patini, which continues to grow, especially the weekend news program every Saturday and Sunday from 09.00-11.00, has grown in urban audiences by up to 76%. 'Pawn' to this stage, get fast money, good price, no interest, but can only be found in the pawn game show that brought the favorite host Mae Yok Public A Chaiya Mitchai together with Benz Pornchita aired every Sunday from 18.00-19.00, which received a response from the audience last year with a nationwide average rating of 1.029, which swept the BKK audience up to 1.895 and the Urban audience 1.117. The UFC (Ultimate Fighting Championship) "Including the best, the highest, peak fights of premium UFC content" for the first time that Thai people will watch on FREE TV Thailand to guarantee more oil. Cheering for Thailand to be loud and live football warm-up FIFA Day The Thailand men's national team, the Thailand men's national under-23 team, and the women's national team, as well as the 49th King's Cup, are ready for Thai people to cheer and cheer for Thai athletes to win every SPONSORED competition this year. Thairath TV brings hot politics to the situation in the '66 election battle This time, the team was organized at the political field, both from Thai Rath newspaper. Thairath TV and Thairath Online have joined forces with 3 media outlets to present content that will transform traditional election coverage and be ready to be a medium to truly reflect the problems of the Thai people. The audience base has adjusted its strategy to put the drama into an early evening layout, targeting all audiences (Mass Market), expanding the primetime period of the weekend. Serve 3 dramas, 3 flavors to the whole family. Move forward big projects and partner partnerships Thanyaret Engprakul co-produced the play. Don Ban Doi Poi Ban Thung A drama that loves Ban Thung that will make everyone happy on the way of fit and filled with the love of the people in the community. Gangs are bubbly. The news detective has a skilled director like Young Attaporn Theemakorn to help convey the story of people in the news industry who will unfold the truth in all aspects of journalism. Answer the heart problem", the most famous of Thai Rath newspapers, which has been around since 1962, is a series of Siranee who loves solving all life problems, summarizing love lessons and giving perspective through intense characters with rich storytelling experience, along with other talented actors amidst the fierce competition of the digital TV market in Thailand. Thairath TV Thairath TV continues to move forward by adopting new technologies to grow the organization along with creating new content that is online original content to expand the audience of new viewers, create market opportunities, accelerate digital transformation by bringing new innovation, creating AI announcers and continuously innovating, leading in news graphics. Send happiness with full emotion. On any platform, every day, anywhere, anytime. Don't miss a second!
Black ant Tears welled up in her eyes, and she was in tears. From people who used to be close before they disappeared, without contact.|Be the first person to make Black Ant Kachapa Tansakul tearful in the middle of the show For the mother singer Masha Wattanapanich who came as a surprise guest for the black ants in the show hit the back of the kitchen. Black Ant has also cleared his mind with Masha. Black ant masha Wattanapanich came as a special guest. The black ants on the show made the black ants so happy that they cried and were extremely embarrassed before telling everyone about their past intimacy and masha that they had previously called pee cha and couldn't contact them. Just to ask how mom is doing, that people used to be together and didn't see each other (tears in her eyes) is the chapter that she will be missing, she is missing from everyone's lives. Without her, she wouldn't have entered the Grammy Building. I haven't seen it in 5-6 years. I used to always say that I was a kid who followed Masha, you know, because the house was next door, and I was very young. As a child, black ants were very strong children, and Brother Cha was the one who cut the edges, the one who did the most things, and the person that black ants wanted to work with the most was Brother Cha.   Before the black ants revealed their hearts, they had questions all the time. We used to see each other every day, very close, and then apart, and we were angry not because we never quarreled, but one day we were apart. I used to think so. It's a big part of our lives, and one day he's gone. When we're in distress, we want to scream, turn and see him, but one day there's no horn that we want to go crazy with, and then one day it's gone from life. When we met every day, I would follow her to work every day. Black ants love me, and he teaches black ants that life is like a basketball. When it rises high, it falls and then comes up again.
Prairie I have a boyfriend. Reveal the reason Launch - Quit - Reconcile in One Day (Clip)|I don't know if it's Prary's heart right now. Is Priwan or the famous former preacher Priwan Wanbutr pink? After yesterday, Prairie A post about a good-looking young man with a letter asking to be a fan amidst the latest social media buzz. Priwan has joined the interview to open up about his new love. Before recording the show with Channel 8, he told us about the beginning with this guy that he flirted with the wrong person, but because of the personality made it possible to get to know a new person, how did you meet?", "My name is Ford, I met him in IG, I started with him, because it would be too early if we took him first, just fallow ig first"The beginning of this love?"Starting from the team, we like to listen to music on the Ferris wheel show, and you are a student in Prakhonchai. When we saw him, he was cute, and then we let our team go to IG. When I got the IG, it fell apart, but it turned out to be the wrong person, because the younger brother on the Ferris wheel show was another person, but he took another ig."SPONSORED, IS IT A PERSON?", I THINK IT SHOULD BE YES"How does this love be invigorating?", "IS IT NOT INVIGORATING? I think he's cute, talks, and talks. As usual, "I've been talking for a long time, haven't I?" for weeks, I don't remember much. I think it's been a month since I decided to ask him to be my girlfriend?" And now it's Valentine's Day, so I'm seeing if he has a partner. I'm sure he doesn't have an owner, I just want to be clear. Because if you like it, if you talk to me and you don't get anything progressing, so I think that on Valentine's Day, I try sending it from the 13th, contacting the florist in Buriram, and sending flowers to you at the university, along with a shot note saying that you are a fan. He told us to talk first, so we asked him what we were talking about. I don't want to get dramatized again for being active, but I'm a clear person because if he doesn't open up, we're ok, which yesterday we asked again if we're boyfriends, right? "So why are we posting cuts about love affairs?" He was quite hot in his college school, and I don't know if people like him or follow him. Have you ever been in a relationship with him?" Ask him if it's okay because we're trying to give him personal space. Try not too much, give him his own space"How's the feedback after the launch?", and I don't have anything, but for him, he said that like yesterday, when he went to the gym, someone would ask for the news. There are also some media outlets that call to ask for an interview, and we don't know where to get his number from. Yesterday was just a video call and I saw the face "Do you want to fly in love?" If you don't have a job, you're going to fly"Imagine a wedding?", I might think that if you're ready now, there are a lot of outfits. I might have to talk to Mr. Nevin Chong at the ballpark, "How do you expect this love?" He feels the same way I feel about him, and he's cute, and I think it's going to go a long way. No matter how far the future can go or how far it can go. I think he's going to think that if we talk to each other, it's not the best, but it's going to be "how energetic is this time?"
Opened the business of Air Bhandila that is both physically and mentally depleted. Do whatever it takes to earn money. |Being targeted by netizens as Dara Aksorn A. involved in a gray business, a gambling website for Er Bhandila, the issue is still just a rumor. last Air has worked hard and has been in the entertainment industry for many years. In addition to accepting jobs in the entertainment industry, both ceremonies and acting. He also has a lot of business because he is a hyper person who cannot stay still. Previously, Air took her to see her own business through YouTube, and Air herself told us that she has 6-7 businesses from 18 businesses that have taken her to see the warehouse. This partner has been doing this for a very long time, and then Air took a look at his own florist, Flower by air, which has been open for 10 years. Valentine's Day is a time when I don't sleep at all, it's a very tiring time, the first 2 years of the flower shop business is a very busy time. There is also a beauty and the beach swimwear business, brandy.bkk bag and shoe store, as well as a nail salon business. Pink area beauty bar and café, he said, can't be free. If you don't have a job in the entertainment industry, you'll have to find something to do. For myself, I'm not tired, but if I don't have it, my family will die, so I'll have to be diligent. If you have children, you will be more comfortable and safe.
Mew Supasit Boiling tweeted back. The latter also alluded to the jin mew-gluff pair.|Although they haven't worked together for years, there are still fans who still miss the former jindang couple Mew Supasit Jongcheeweewat and Gluv Kanawut Tripipattanapong from the Y series "TharnType the Series. In 2019, at this time, different people moved to follow their dreams on their own path, as for heart status, Mew Supasit once said in an interview that he has a sweetheart but has not asked to be released, which after the news, a Twitter account tweeted, "Muni is weird, it makes us think that you are a fan. He's his girlfriend. Seeing Mew happy with other people's feelings," SPONSORED made him unbearable, responding to this Twitter user, "What do you think? I don't know what to say anymore. I haven't spoken to you for 2 years. I'm sorry that I used to be a fan service, but we've always been brothers", and continued tweets such as "A lot of cute fans, thank you very much. I can tell you that it's your space, but some people can't separate the imagination and the truth, and then come to say that both me and you are damaged. Education is very important, let the government improve the education system""Many people are very strange. I want the truth. When the truth isn't what you think, you can't keep your feelings. When I don't speak, I want an answer, I want it to be cleared, and I think to myself that it's fake news. Mental Health Hotline 1323""Finally, the word that says artists can't choose a fan club is true. The people who come in come from different families, societies, education, but in the end, the people we need to maintain are themselves and those who understand who you are and are ready to support you. Thank you," someone tweeted, "I'm confused with Mew, why did you just come out? How many people around Mew have been insulted, how long have they been insulted, how can they bear it?" and Mew quote Tweet replied, "I think I can give you time to adjust your thoughts because everyone has different ideas. In the end, I had to speak from my perspective. At first I thought I would type 555 to look softer, but I thought it wouldn't help", before tweeting, "The last tweet was really unknown and I didn't understand the problem and the impact of fan service was taught to answer ambiguously until the day we understood it and stopped for 2-3 years, it still works. I sincerely accept and apologize. As for what anyone thinks is inappropriate and uncomfortable. I apologize for this""Take my story as a case study, think about how we can push the entertainment industry, promote commu, give away 2 prizes of 10,000 baht each, close tomorrow at noon, quote and type in the answer".
GMM SHOW takes music fans aboard pirate ship Rock Mountain 2023 Super fun|Mid-winter rock music festival of the year "Chang Music Connection Presented Rock Mountain 2023" organized by GMM Show transforms Jolly Land Khao Kho, Phetchabun province into a rock music landSPONSORED. The fun begins, and Tilly Bird is the first band to welcome and take the pirate ship together. The power of Lomosonic's wow, who doesn't miss jumping into the music as always, then Pat Wong Clear- Pup Potato came to sing "Tomorrow...not too late to love each other, longer than ever". A version that the couple had never sung together before. Listen to the soft voice, young bowler until he comes to Q Big As, who is cool, invests in painting himself in white and red, then young Kala-Boy Lomosonic orbits together for the first time, it's time for Treeman Down. The teens screamed with all their hearts before passing it on to senior cocktails during the special session. The only guest on this pirate ship. Palmy Let's dance to the beat together. Potato takes the stage to heat up the temperature to a highlight scene that tells about the pirate ship's origins. Then BodySlam burst into rock power and invited Joey Phuvasit to sing "Kid Hod" together. Closing Labanoon RELEASING A HIT SONG THAT CAN BE SUNG FROM START TO FINISH, ENDING THE PIRATE SHIP'S JOURNEY IN A FUN AND FUN WAY.
"Yes Indeed" artist released his debut single "Promoted", "Frog Big As-Nat Clear".|From "Street" to "Star" The high school band opened the hot hat "Yes Indeed". Issara Vrangkul (vocals), Pors–Narakorn Issara Varangkul (vocals/ guitar), Dragon–Ratchachanon Worakit Phaiboon (drums), Sea– Yosthakorn Licorice (guitar), Trina Fujitniran (keyboards)" Pursuing his dream, becoming a full-fledged artist with GMM Grammy's White Music label with his debut single "Promoted", "Best Friend, Love Friend, Waiting for a New Status Upgrade". In college pop style music, Pancake girl represents..."Working on the debut single "Promoted". We are so excited to work with artists who are our idols. When I saw the producer's list, I was very happy. Yes, Nat. The band cleared to co-produce this song. Frog Brother Big As becomes Executive Producer. We and the production team exchanged ideas to get as much of "Yes Indeed" as possible until the first demo, which gave us the opportunity to re-evaluate the song. Create your own musical line You can follow the music video for "Promoted" on YouTube : Official WhiteMusic and all channels of White Music.SPONSORED
This year's Valentine's Day is not lonely. Launching a new guy (video)|Beautiful single but no one to take care of the heart for many years, but the latest in 2023 looks like Ploy Ploypan Thaweerat. The singer'@purploy s ex-wife, Peter Corp. Dyrendal, will be pink again as she sees a new boyfriend on Ploy's Instagram account, posting a clip of herself with a man on a trip together, along with a caption that doesn't seem to have much to expect. He said, "Today, single people, don't be sad... Tomorrow, flowers and chocolate are 50% off. Happy enough today. Fans are like guests walking into our house to relax. On any given day he's healed, he can always walk out. #valentines" SPONSORED Among the hundreds of comments congratulating his new love, sending heart emojis and teasing the sweetness.
P. Sadad conducts activities to send encouragement to cancer patients |P Sadad, a famous Isan rock artist, conducted the activity "P Sadad sends encouragement to cancer patients" to send love and encouragement to cancer patients at Udon Thani Hospital and Udon Thani Cancer Center Hospital, Udon Thani. On February 14, Valentine's Day Last Love Day, P. Sadad visited cancer patients in the patient building. Ready to give gifts, talk and embrace encouragement, bringing tears of hope and joy to the patient. WHILE ALSO SINGING SONGS OF ENCOURAGEMENT TO THE PATIENTS, THE NURSING STAFF TOLD US THAT IN THE PAST, MANY PATIENTS REFUSED TO EAT AND TAKE MEDICINE. When the doctor told me to meet P. Sadad. Everyone was eager to take their medicines and eat and look forward to it, which had never happened before. P. Sadad together with Kalyanamitr donated money to Udon Thani Hospital and Udon Thani Cancer Center Hospital. 100,000 baht each, including necessary equipment such as nebulizers. Adult diapers were also present, which P. Sadad said was very happy and grateful to be able to do this activity. Today, I wish everyone a strong morale and move through things. Encouragement is the main thing, creating happiness by thinking only good things. Happiness will cause disease to be defeated by us. IF OUR HEARTS FIGHT, WE WILL WIN EVERYTHING.
"Hai" sees the lottery as an investment. Nearly 2 million in a year, without a girlfriend, not without charm, revealed that he has been asked to marry 4 times.|Today the lottery is out, so I will talk to Hai-Arporn, who jumped into the full-fledged lottery industry, who revealed on the show "Celebrity Sit Clear" on Channel 8 that last year he made a profit of 2 million baht from playing the lottery, and it was during Valentine's Day. "I don't bid farewell, I can do all the professions, the industry, the trade, I still do it in tandem, I really want to be a YouTuber, I have a lot of feelings to play, I want to travel with, I can help people with the lottery, we look at it like an investment. In the past, it was just fun, but once I played it, I was able to enter this industry for 2 years. It's full now. What do we do, there will be a limit to know how much we can play, there will be a lump sum of money deposited in the bank, and then used to play the lottery directly. We are the ones who do not buy a single lottery ticket, will buy it in batches. Some installments are bought in hundreds of thousands. The minimum is 2-3 thousand, perhaps more cheaper than buying hundreds of thousands. There was an installment, buying thirty thousand, being almost four hundred thousand"What makes you want to play? "I have to blame Mr. Sunari (laughs), I saw you buying a bag, we were shocked, we bought twenty thousand, a lot. Let's say this cube plays a hundred thousand, one year we'll come to think about it. This year I got almost two million baht, it's better to go to the bank again"SPONSORED, please give me some tips, how to look for numbers? The monk told me not to run anywhere looking for numbers. The last three ID cards, date of birth or house number, car number, it's going to be like this, and it's all issued in our numbers, and that's exactly what I've been buying since I moved into my new home last January and so far. How many correct statistics have been made, how many are wrong, 1 year wrong, not more than 8 installments. Don't play hard for yourself. Don't go borrowing other people's debts to play"See there are various pages, hay-arporn, mute lottery? "We've never made a page like this deceive anyone. If you know what the lottery is, the rich are dead. Everyone must have judgment when consuming. Social media is so scary," reminded people of the lottery. "The people who are going to be comfortable are people who make a living and know how to spend money, this is a kind of gambling, gambling never makes anyone rich. Look at me as an example, but it's not a good example, but I bought it and didn't trouble anyone. It is not illegal. Coincidentally, we buy it every installment, I actually buy it with the government. It's not illegal?" Why don't we have a girlfriend? "I am a sincere person, there are 4 people who have proposed marriage in my life, but we have refused all, I feel like a good housewife for him, and at that time we still wanted to make a living. Look, we don't."
Janie is super hot with lingerie brand showing off her figure for Valentine's Day (clip)|I'm a mom of a child who gets sexier every day. For the bawdy heroine. Janie Alpachan at Pom Phet, who takes good care of herself, both eating and exercising, has a beautiful figure with a slim, very clear muscles. Janie made a fire for Valentine's Day with a hot clip wearing underwear from famous brands, including red, nude, white, etc. Some poses that add to the sexy look, some of which look bright. SPONSORED, AMIDST COMMENTS FROM INDUSTRY FRIENDS, WHO ARE WILLING TO SEND FIRE AND HEART EMOJIS. Tease the beautiful mother's teasing It's called a Valentine's day that gives chili peppers to the garden.
Single Jackie clears news of junior boyfriend raising Great Warintorn as a man in specs (clip)|After the news that actress Jackie Chaqueline had been single to date junior hero Junior Kaj pundit with a picture that came out and walked around eating in a famous mall, recently met Jackie at the grand opening the touch, so she grabbed her and asked about her heart status, which she said is still single. The team was very sensitive, only 2 people were taken, even though they were 10, so "How do you feel about the news of the launch of the fans?" I had a phone call to talk to him about whether it was ok because there were a lot of misunderstandings: people came to congratulate me both in the industry and outside the industry. People in the same industry are still confused, so I feel that this time is going to be confusing for many people, "Are you shocked?" I called and asked him what had happened. But most of the time, you're more afraid that there's news with us. Are we okay? Personally, we don't get anything. BECAUSE WE'RE BOTH JUST PLAYING PLAYS TOGETHER," SAID SPONSORED, WHO TEASED THAT GREAT WARINTORN. Heartbroken?", what do you know? I don't know, but I asked if I knew the news first, "And the guy in the stock who flirted with us was heartbroken?", there was no (high-pitched voice) because I was shocked to read a lot of comments as well. People seem to understand if we're both working together because reading the comments is heart-warming, "So what's this going on?", and I'm close. "Is Brother Great still number one in mind?", it's still a prototype specification"Will you clarify anything with Great?", "Still single, everyone. Valentine's day is full of lips, valentines are still celebrating, sugar pijakkhana with boyfriend Pai Pathit, "Valentine's day, what love have we sent to the great brother?" Yes, I said, "Let's see our friends celebrate Valentine's Day, aren't we?", I smiled, snapped my fingers, and sighed, wanting to ask where good love is. I'm still single," he said, darkening the sun. Be mature because dark and sunny will get the lead score first. But if not, it's okay, let's talk about it first, because in the past, dark black, the sun has not been there, it is considered a specification".
French Fries Get Hert Revealing the reason for quitting Doctor 2 answers 3rd hand to break love (video)|It's another shocking news for the industry. after Second Doctor Nopparat Rattanavarah has announced the end of his relationship with his ex-girlfriend French Fries. The channel's latest news anchor, French Fries, has joined grand opening the touch and admitted to breaking up with the men. I'm single now, but I can't answer why I broke up because the 3rd hand is talking about my latest relationship? I would like to answer from my own point of view, I emphasize that I was single before the news came out, people were confused about when we went to get together?, just like I said in an interview on the show about a little over a year, almost two years, the main reason for this time we asked to stop the relationship is what is the corner of French fries? It's been a while, we've been talking for a while, and it's been a good time for each other and we're still wishing each other the same. I'm still supporting the same, I don't have a third-hand story or someone else coming in, right?, let's answer from the french fries angle, there's no point. As for french fries itself, no one loves anyone, loves anyone, loves only one heart, SPONSORED decided to end the relationship for a long time, has it been a while, what is our state of mind now? I work every day and I'm happy. If you ask if it's ok, if you ask if it's better, you can see that at that time you have decided to go through a certain level of thinking and mindfulness and use rationality. Of course, there must be some regrets, but now I can live a normal life. I'm not so sorry how much we devoted ourselves to this love in every relationship. It's normal when we have something unexpected happen. Everything we use is our mind. Use our cause and effect to change our view of love? I'm happy to support you so much, are you guys coming in? I'm single now, if someone comes in and opens up, maybe I'm not in a hurry because french fries are now about work, family. Let's be friends first, let's get to know each other. I'm not in a hurry. The view of love is still the same, there are no limits to it, love is true and dedicated to every relationship.
M. Luk Mum Dance to the keyboard He had a witch-like nose.|Earlier, M. Topaz, the beloved daughter of famous comedian Mum Jok Mok, revealed that she had undergone nose surgery and posted a photo to fans who followed her to see the new nose. When some netizens came forward to comment on the new nose. After M went to the dilemma for the doctor to re-upset his nose. He posted about it on his Instagram: "Some say witches, some say Pinocchio, some say they're smiling, some say the same face is good, some say it's not beautiful, but how many people comment to lose confidence, but it can't do anything to our minds....just we look in the mirror, we're beautiful, we like, we look better for us, that's it! Want to be more beautiful in the best version of yourself. I don't want to be as beautiful as the ruler that person has set the standard. I'm more impatient than you are.... For this kind of thing, M is a man of great patience. You can wait to see the results without having to sit back and ask yourself: When will it heal, when will it heal? Another 3-6-12 months will be the perfect fit. It's not even a month yet.".sponsored
Um, skowjai, eat noodles, but this event fans are out of focus. Look at the numbers.|It's another person who regularly updates his life via social media. For the villain Saeb Aom Skawjai Poonsawat Candidates for The High Bridge District The Party for Thailand, whose lifestyle is easy to eat, is easy to live. Chill out, relax and last. Chuan A Sun Sripapleen My husband went to my favorite noodle restaurant, but I don't know where he was hungry. I ordered several bowls of noodles until my husband was confused by posting a picture of him eating noodles with the caption "Lek Cold Ta Fo Dry 1, Dried Noodles 2, Dried Gao Lao Fo 1, Fried Dumplings 1, Where did the hungry husband come from???" SPONSOREDThe In addition to the fans coming to tease, many people have lost focus on the number on the table like 24, as well as the number from the noodles they eat, which is 1 2 1 1.
monsieur khamsorn Open the favorite number for the period February 16, 2023, hopefully it will not hit the famous number.|It is another person who loves to gamble as a soul. For the young country singer Monsit Khamsorn And also kind to give out favorite numbers that resonate with fans on Facebook To shine and use to buy lotteries regularly And there are many installments that are issued numbers Get the latest full property monsieur khamsorn On February 16, 2023, he posted a picture of himself with several lotteries and wrote the accompanying numbers in the picture 49, 76, 45, 65, 03, 61, 43, 21, 60, and wrote "Choose who likes which number for me this period February 16, like 061-748-161. Many people have come to wish the rich singer a bang.
Hail. Araporn reveals the number from the incense stick. This installment is so obvious that it doesn't have to zoom (clip).|I've been in the gambling industry for 2 years, but the country singer Hai Araporn Nakhonsawan said that one year he got a profit from the lottery almost 2 million and opened the record for 1 year, wrong not more than 8 installments. Araporn arranged to ask again with incense sticks to ask for the lucky numbers that went to try their luck. HE ALSO SAID THAT IF THE NUMBER IS NOT OUT, DON'T SAY IT, BUT WANT EVERYONE TO BE RICH BECAUSE PEOPLE ASK A LOT, WRITE THE CAPTION "ARRANGE IT ON REQUEST, WAIT, RIGHT? #อาภา #อาภาพรนครสวรรค์" SPONSOREDTHIS JOB TELLS IT. The numbers are 120 and 944, making fans love this and leave a full thank you comment to the singer.
Luxury Valentine June Natasha Sits In Dubai Single Review Without Loneliness|Single, rich, beautiful. For June Natasha Manisuwan, the heroine of the movie "Close the Haunting Forest", playing opposite Nag Charlie and the owner of the single Boys Don't Cry, fly in the sky, sit in Dubai, celebrate singles in a lonely mode, fly solo on Valentine's Day. Organize a trip to see the sky with the most beautiful bird's eye view. The UAE's largest economy and financial prosperity. Touching the greatness of the pearls of the Arabian Gulf, flying to celebrate singles in a mode that does not care for anyone, paying herself in the style of June Natasha, by Miss June Natasha, said, "Valentine's Day, June has the opportunity to go on vacation to Dubai and see new businesses for her family. June is not lonely, because June has a lifestyle and preferences that she wants to do a lot, so we spend most of our free time doing things that she loves, such as flying a small plane, as well, in Thailand, we fly a lot, come to Dubai, the view is so beautiful, it must fly, of course, it appears that the view is very beautiful, it is like Dubai, a billionaire city, because the world is in Dubai a lot, many people ask if they are lonely, sometimes there are moments in mind. I think I like the genre, the style of singing in tune, now I'm getting ready for the 2nd single, but I want to be very surprised. SPONSORED
Open a new career Sompong to escape drama No less, Prairie. Louder Stream (Clip)|Long lost face for Sompong NakhonThaisong or the past Phra Maha Sompong, who previously became a big news topic after wearing out new ones, has a tight work every day. Most recently, he was a guest on The Show, with the host being Prairie. On Channel 8, we are updated on the story of my life now. Sampong Moved to live a small business in Chiang Mai, where he was a smoke training pig. The job queue is still vacant at the moment, but if there is a job, fly to Bangkok. It wasn't meant to disappear from the media, it was a normal life, which wasn't about the drama of the past, or dodging the media, escaping the media today to record a show with Prairie? "I haven't talked to you before. He's busy. A lot of his work. He didn't have time for me. There's a lot of time for other people (laughs). Most of the time, if you come to Bangkok, you will say that you will come, come to the show with them, and say hello. If he goes to Chiang Mai, he tells me that he goes, some days he can welcome him, but sometimes he does not go, but now he is super hot, more beautiful, I have to ask him for advice, I will ask him for advice on how to take care of himself." "My queue is still empty, but if you're overflowing, you can come here (laughs) and I'm happy to accept the queue because I'm lying until I'm going to be a bone over the line. What are you doing now? "I'm running a small business, I have some lectures, mainly in Chiang Mai, but if I have a job, I fly to Bangkok, I fly some, I don't intend to disappear from the media, but I don't think there's more issues, I don't want to disappear from the media, I live a normal life, it's not about the drama of the past. What kind of news stories are interesting, maybe invite people to talk to each other, maybe get an idea of what obstacles they've been through. How did you succeed, how did you fail, how did you get the talk of it?" How's it going now? Is there still work to be done? "That one was done from the beginning and it may have dropped a little bit, but if you have one, you're welcome to see what he's doing. Look at his page, and at first we had a jam too. If there is an opportunity, you are welcome. If you want to play a monk again, you can cut your hair. Skinhead, but not yet having a theatrical job. If the previous one will exist. "Yes, it's not strange, it's an era, we had our era 10 years ago. Now that's probably his turn. The social era, the influencer era in presentation, we are the old days when we weren't very good at this. I think it's his era. We've got some jams, he's probably good because our era is 10 years old, almost 20 years old." "It's like we've got our era, now it's our younger age, we've met, we've come together, we've jammed, it's a lot more than we expected. In the past, I lived with my sister often. The latter may have some life. Sometimes we have products, we live, when the product is out of stock, maybe it is not live, maybe there is some live talk. What makes me feel like I'm missing is now. The team said that maybe it's been a long time away, it's back to live a little bit, we're talking, the live equipment is still there (smiling), depending on the point. If there's an interesting point to live, it's worth discussing, but if it's live in general, there might be some. If fans miss it, it should be live. We're got a lot of fans. I've been leaving him for a long time..."
Eh, Jirakorn got a boxing quilt in the middle of the concert stage. 10 fight 10 must come.|After the singer became famous. Eh Jirakorn Sompitak, or Black Crow Mask from "The Mask Singer", was punched by a man in the middle of a concert on February 4, 2023, before going to the police station on February 7, 2023, amid criticism of the artist's safety. Eh Jirakorn went to a concert at a restaurant in Nonthaburi province, and fans brought silver garlands and boxing mittens as gifts in the middle of the stage. He took a picture of himself and wrote a hilarious message: "The dog is barking, still retreating, let go of eh. Thank you for all the encouragement", SPONSORED amidst teasing comments such as Don't say that only the dog just floated, my aunt has already fled, tell him I have a baby to take care of, 10 fight, 10 must come, I give one balloon enough. You don't have to bark at dogs, we're fighters 55555, etc.
Sara Kazingini cried after being knocked out by a doctor. It's all creepy.|It's another girl who has a lot of problems with her life. For a mother of two. Sara Kazingini, who recently opened up with tears. After visiting a horoscope with a famous fortune teller in Burma, Sara posted a clip after the horoscope for everyone to hear at the same time, saying that he looked so direct that he got goosebumps. The news was very strong. The first thing he said was the manager's name. He's everything, he's got everything, the manager is glad to come (crying), there's good signs, a lot of times it's discouraging. People don't do well, but today there's something telling us to fight. If we think well, do well, there are still good things ahead of us in the future. It's just that today we might be down. It's nice to be here for this trip. We also have merit. He talks about things that nobody knows, sits and listens and gets goosebumps, like turning her life around for the better, he says Emily will be a world star. Emily got his dad. His father was a world-class international model. Maxwell is a bit lazy, but he'll listen to mom. Mother's Child What mom did, he did too. He thinks we're stars and we're going to be famous again. Come back and bang again and make a product about children and food will bang is what makes you smile (smile). 
Prairie Priwan Just learned the heartbreaking taste. Revealing that dad can't make up his mind about female weddings.|It's called moving to do anything, it's really caught up in everything for Priwan Wanbutr, who now has another name, Prairie. After he had worn out as a layman. Having to deal with everything in real-life situations when he was a special guest on the Club Friday Show produced by CHANGE2561, Priwan revealed his life story and revealed his love in every corner of his heart. After switching from "Priwan" to "Prairie", mom is not addicted, but dad can't make up his mind and opens the love story because of his closeness to a Korean male friend, causing the feeling of "Prairie Priwan" to blossom into a love affair with a man for the first time. I've never experienced heartbreak before, but I'm a layman. I learned the taste of heartbreak for the first time in my life because of the beauty of my mother's 9. There are men who come through without rest, but when this love is in a relationship. The definition of "Prairie Priwan" life is to really love who she is, fully support herself in every function, and nowadays she is happy with #3ง "Work, Money and Beauty"SPONSORED". Have you changed a lot? Change our name from Priwan to Prairie People don't remember us in the madness of men, we already know that we are LGBT." What do your parents say?", he wasn't addicted to anything, but his mother knew, and she used to say a word that we knew what she said. The mother said, "Mommy. My stepmother came. So I know what my baby is like. But dad can't make up his mind, "What about the first love?", he was the only man who was kind of after the wear and tear. There is the first horn that makes us feel intimate and makes us feel that we love a man. Valentine's Day, as we say. On Valentine's Day, we bought a rose because we wanted to give it to him, we made an appointment with him, he knew, and we just found out that he bought a rose. His friend or anyone said that if you're Thai, if you exchange roses like this, it's your boyfriend, and we try to get in touch. Try to call that we bought a rose. We'll give him a rose, and he won't come down to pick it up. He said he couldn't accept roses because if he accepted roses it meant that he and we were girlfriends"Does that mean he didn't want to have us as girlfriends?", probably like that...."How does it feel to be heartbroken in that life, because that was the first heartbreak?"Yes, in the yellow cloth, we don't have this kind of feeling. We've never felt this way before. Heartbroken with a novice, it's not. I've never felt this way. I've never shed tears for something like this, but when I came out as a layman, I was like, 'Oh, I'm This is a taste I learned in the secular world. The world of love, I broke down in tears, I cried, I called him, I cried, "And with the beauty that exists, there is a love story, there is no more, someone comes in?", knee-high, good, white, cute, about that, we see and feel he is cute, we talk to him. Can the two of us be fans now? We were dating, and he said yes, and then there was a girl he was dating. But let's get back to it. He dated us for about two months. In the second month, he had a woman. When things get worse, it's a good idea. We got a chat, we sent it to him. She said she needed to talk to her people to clear it up. Our feeling at the time was, take it again. Because we asked and said everything. What he asked for, we gave him all, but he still betrayed us"What is the definition of life of Prairie Priwan?"We allow us to be whatever we want to be and we want to do, and we are ready to support ourselves in all functions. If we weren't, it would look fake, but today we love Prairie. In our life, we really love that we are Prairie. We always tell people that today with three "d", we are happy to a certain extent: work, money, beauty, and snakes, no okay (laughs)."
Vicky Sunisa shows off mother-of-two figure in tiny bikini in snow|It's been a while since I've seen a mother of two. Vicky Sunisa, the beloved wife of Chai Chatyodom, showed off her figure in a bikini. Standing in a beautiful photo pose in the snow and white without fear of the cold, after posting this sour photo, friends inside and outside the industry, as well as fans, came to like hearts and comments on Vicky's snow melting fire.
The page reveals the star's wife. A. began to fall into trouble. After a dear friend came out and unfolded the gambling website.|It has become an issue that many people are paying a lot of attention to. After the news came out that the star A. may have been involved in opening a gray business, making a gambling website, which on the page E.S. News 2 has come out to post a message with the release of a picture of a couple. Dara A. in her wedding dress and wrote, "Oh... who would have thought that in the end I was bringing my best friend to the net. The 2 wives, the star couple, have a mouth palpitation and chills because they may be hit hard by the case and soon go to prison. After learning that there is information and evidence linking that it is likely to run an online gambling website with a network no less large than Macau. 888" after it was posted out. Many people who follow immediately guess who it is, many of whom say that when they know which couple they are, but whether it is true or not, they will have to wait for him to clarify again.
Minda posted a sweet clip showing off the moment of Ov Supanath giving flowers and a gold necklace (clip)|After october 2022, Minda Meesap was reported to be the third love interest of Aof Supanat and Thanya Arsiam Phang. Minda Meesap posted a clip of herself in a tick-tock with the caption "This is it," along with a tearful laughing emoji and a sweet smile emoji, which is a romantic clip. Bangkok Riverside Aof presented a bouquet of flowers with gold to Linda, with her friends standing and applauding the couple's sweet scene. In that clip, He gently rubbed Minda's head with his hand. ALSO SHOW YOUR AFFECTION FOR MINDA.SPONSORED
Ple-Tune Clarification after pleading for justice Ask for money to inject national team athletes (clip)|It became a hot topic. After Pele Nagar shared a post about the new rules for receiving injections from the National Sports Development Fund. And other jet ski athletes who just won the world championship. Pell and his wife, June Kasama, attended the grand opening of The Touch and clarified that they don't understand the rules and would like adults to come out and help consider the differences in each sport. Can knock down the American champion. Thailand is now no. 1 in the world for jet skiing. Everyone says they'll get adult support in everything, from sponsors, from whatever, including money. The athletes, he said, could we? Looking back at who was responsible for this, it was later learned that the National Sports Development Fund would allocate the funds. The money will be to boost the morale of the athletes. THE NATIONAL SPORTS DEVELOPMENT FUND HAS MONEY TO SUPPORT ATHLETES, BUT IN THIS CASE HE IS PREPARED AND IS IN THE PROCESS OF CONSIDERING SPONSORED, BUT THERE ARE NEW RULES THAT HAVE JUST BEEN CHANGED IN THE GENERATION THAT WE ARE BUILDING A REPUTATION FOR THAILAND, THAT IS, THERE MUST BE AT LEAST 8 COUNTRIES COMPETING IN ONE GENERATION, BUT IT IS NECESSARY TO UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF EACH SPORT FIRST. In one edition, he raced in maybe 5-6 countries, meaning that the driver who won the championship. There are less than 8 countries according to the new requirements. He wouldn't be considered to get any money at all, all the athletes came to talk. Because the rules come out like this, we still don't understand why the rules came out like this. Athletes have always been together. He was very supportive, but suddenly this rule came out. I don't know who changed this rule, but will he have to understand the nature of each sport, because in each sport you can't apply one rule to every sport, it has to consider the nature of the sport. One person spends at least one million baht on a personal budget. In total, 10 million baht that everyone intends to make a name for Thailand, and then he succeeds. Some sports are not yet number one in the world, but they have injected 10-20 million. Thailand we will develop. It has to be with the encouragement and support of all adults, so maybe it's a misunderstanding of communication, because I see that maybe the documents have been sent that way, and that they haven't received it yet. We're not serious, but the rules here are worth correcting. In order for it to be useful for the development of athletes in the coming years, ask yes. So I came out to fight instead? I'd say I've shared from a lot of the athletes he's posted. There are these questions to share. I said it wasn't necessary, it was necessary, because it was money that my child deserved. As for all athletes, they should really get twenty thousand. Two thousand A thousand is still good, cheering him up. It doesn't have to be 10-20 million, that's important, I said. If I get this money, I'll talk to Auga and give the money to young athletes in the country who are in need of sporting events across the country. I'm going to give it to all the kids. Don't worry about coming to fight for us, put money in your pocket, but fight for the future of every athlete. SPONSOREDTUNE: "THE ATHLETE SAID HE DIDN'T WANT TO GO BECAUSE HE WAS TAKING HIS MONEY AWAY. He made a name for it. Enough is not enough. Everything is not clear": "Because the rules are like this, the sport has less than 8 countries that he imposes, and then he goes to race, he has to find a model that has 8 countries, which is not available in the version that he races. He did it for his dignity. He drove with love, was born an athlete, he had to compete, but I asked when it happened here. For us to continue to be number one in the world next year, I think it will be difficult because each country is fully promoted. I believe that the intentions of adults of all parties, in all circles, the Jet Ski Association of Thailand. Sports Authority of Thailand He took good care of us. As for the National Sports Development Fund, as far as I know, he intends to do it and solve this problem for us, encourage the adults to get it done, and they are willing to work together to find a solution. For the benefit of all future athletes".
Chipmunk reveals the secrets of bedtime for fun, having to play the role of a nurse. Peck high heels |It is another singer and actress who ranks among the top sexies in the Thai entertainment industry. Showing off your body is a must for every buzz. Latest Prairie Priwan Don't wait, hurry up and invite me to the show. On YouTube channel 8, talking about the zap, ten peppers would not be enough, until she learned the secret of the girl in her bed, dead. This one is still good, there are panties, usually not panties, I will say that this angle is beautiful, it looks verwang, because with the angle it is taken from behind. When things in the distance look small, the waist will look like a chest, and the bottom will look big. If it's not black and white, it's. When I look at it in black and white, it looks artistic, like it's challenging society to be open, to look at us in a different dimension, it's not selling or pornography? We're real people, it's, but if you see it as, it's. Why does Tae look at other people taking pictures in swimsuits, Tae never sees them as pornographic? Honestly speaking. I like to look at women, I like to look at women, it's confident, it's confident, it's going to make the world beautiful. It's like we're sure to wear a purple wig. WE REALLY ADMIRE HER, WE LIKE PEOPLE LIKE THIS SPONSORED, BUT WE WANT TO GO DEEPER. I'm not sure who the guy is. Men are equal to each other, there are times when they go on trips. This is an old photo and I take it in fact what I am doing, is it really my identity? If you're with your boyfriend, anytime (laughs). Everyone has a rhinoceros. Everyone has their own sexiness, but is it just that I'm an open person, no one has ever used to be nice in bed? We have to act, we have to be doctors, we have to be nurses. Have you ever had a nurse on the bed? Hey, it's fun, doesn't it look funny? If we're confident, it won't be funny. Wear high heels. Tap (laughs) is that all women are sexy. If you go back, we were sexy people, but if you can't go out and do it, only for work. If you don't have a girlfriend, it's fun to talk to. How many people have you talked to before, or can't count them? Call me the wrong name (laughs). The fact that we have a lot of people to talk to, how many times can we eat one zucchini? I'm 40 years old and 36SPONSORED. And as a teaching to fans of the show "Vayamethewa Puriso Yava Atthasa Nippatha" means that a person should try until he succeeds.
Commenting on netizens after Ov-Minda The interview that day was not like today. |It's so sweet that sugar has to call you. For a new couple like the young singer. Supanat and actress Minda have property, with the women posting a clip showing off the sweet moment in which the men gave flowers and a gold necklace as gifts in TikTok. (Brother's voice), swallowing his own saliva, asking for a head over the interview that day, just looking back at the news.
Pei Panwad posted a sweet photo of her husband on his shoulders, but the event was won by fans with a third person.|Valentine's Day 14 Feb 2023 Many celebrity couples show their sweetness on social media in a row, leaving singles dead in a row. Pei Panwad and her husband Pop Nithi Boonyaratklin are also as sweet as anyone else, with Instagram @ppanward posting a sweet photo of her receiving a very large bouquet of white roses from Pop, and a shot that her husband elaborates on his shoulder, as well as a framed photo with his children. PLEASE-NONG PALIN IS A VALENTINE'S DAY MOMENT THAT IS VERY CUTE AND CUTE. It's a shot pop with his hands wrapped around his belly, causing fans to comment on whether there's any good news for the third heir. For example, I was shocked to think that there was someone who was plastered, at first glance I thought that the number three came, Palin wanted to be my sister, Daddy, another person came, etc.
Heart-wrenching New Mukda's wife posted sadly, the child was born, did not see his father's face.|The music industry and the doctor lam industry shocked a lot with the passing of the famous doctor Lam hero New Mukda or Mr. Watcharaboon. Malasai, the hero of the Khampun Ruammitr team, who was involved in a car accident in Bueng Khong Long district, Bueng Kan province. Demolished condition As a result, the hero Dr. Lam died at the scene immediately amid the grief of his friends and fans. latest Bamboo leaves New Mukda's wife, after hearing the news, is still in shock over her husband's passing. She posted a photo. With a sad message on his personal Facebook page: "How are you and I going to live? Why is she so mean to me, she's just sleeping and getting tired? Wake up and go on a trip again, tomorrow you will come home to see your baby since you haven't seen each other yet, how can I make up my mind today, today I am bringing my children to you? Dinner On January 16, 2023, Thairath Entertainment Online offered its condolences to Baipai's family. NEW MUKDA'S WIFE IS HERE TOO.SPONSORED
Mike Pirat shares moments with PP Krit excited to prepare for comeback in Thailand  |Working with PP Krist for the first time For Mike Pirat Nithipaisankul, Mike recently had the opportunity to play the new MV song of PP in the song "Hesitant". He plays the role of curator, museum keeper, and plans with PP to take back his family's treasures. If anyone who has watched it has definitely had the opportunity to talk to Mike Pirat. He also talked about working with PP Krit and praised him as a very good person. He also updated Mike's personal event on plans this year. Mike more often because he will come back to Thailand to work alternately with China"He went to shoot a music video for the song Hesitant with PP Krist. We already knew each other, and when Mike returned to Thailand, he asked if he could play MV. Personally, Mike secretly admires Phi Phi's work, and he is a very good person. SPONSORED has never worked together before, and it's my first collaboration as well. We never knew each other before, we met for the first time at the workshop, but we were already following each other's work. He said that he had been following Mike's work since full house, and then when he was golfing Mike before joining the event, it was like this I thought (laughs) he was a lovely person, friendly, and from what I had seen in the media, I thought he would be an approachable person. He's very friendly and a lovely person, but when he works, he's serious. He's very good at shooting, he's very good at shooting. Working atmosphere Everyone around me is working with a smile, working with joy, having fun, and he's a prankster (laughs). We also went to workshops, and the first day I was teased by him (laughs). We can't go too (smiling) to look behind the scenes. I don't know if he's going to cut it or not (laughs), he likes to tease, he likes to tease, nothing, he doesn't tease that I'm handsome. But what I wrote in IG is really impressive because despite how prank you are, but you are very determined and filmed very quickly, is there some sweet scenes? Luckily, there were workshops ahead of time, so I'm a bit more familiar. Because if I don't have a workshop beforehand, I don't know how much I'll be able to play in the pile and watch MV with the whole team. People that day were in Siam, and they watched along with Phi Phi and Pei Bale and the whole team. It feels like an MV that's a novelty for Mike. Because I'm usually a little calm, but that day I shot the MV with the challenge of wanting to be a little more relaxed, so I focused on relaxing. In fact, when he gave me the challenge, he said that he would give PP a calm look and Mike to be cheerful, which is the opposite of how long each character took to film. Mike's personal zipline scene has been up many times, it's not difficult, but PP took the sling for the first time, and PP did a very good job, very good"Is there someone starting to cheer as a jin couple?", people cheering as a jin pair? Yesterday, a team sent me a comment saying it was a demon chemistry (laughs). I don't understand what it is (laughs) and I keep talking to PP because when we promote each other, we play funny and don't think about it all the time. When I reposted, I didn't think about it, so I played funny"SPONSORED, WILL THERE BE A CHANCE TO WORK WITH PP AGAIN?", really, secretly there is a tease that you need to make a movie series. Take a look at the path of destiny and see if it can happen. I'll wait and see"See that Mike's plans to work in Thailand this year will be more?", this year there will be more work in Thailand. The journey is quite easy, so I think that this year I may come back to work in Thailand more as well, and for some personal reasons that I want to manage, I want to do a lot of things here, so I think that this year I will be back in Thailand more, but I still don't know what to do. Because I haven't been back to Thailand for a long time, so I don't know what to do. I've talked about a lot of things, dramas, series, movies, but now I don't really know what to do. I'll update it again, there are a lot of contacts as well. This is partly due to the fans who are calling for a return to Thailand. So I came back to Thailand with a part of it"If you come to work in Thailand, will the job disappear in China?", no, there is still work going on. This country Quite often, most of them go to project thinking meetings, so we have to talk to investors. Producers, organizers or companies like that, I really don't have to go on every trip. But I want to know all the content of the team, so I have to go every round, it's a plus to meet people we have a percentage to work with. We will know how this person feels if we are going to work with "See there is a clip that we met Maxwell too?", we met in January, flew to Phuket about 2 times, most of the time Maxwell is quite attached to the mic because he calls every day after school because he likes to play games, play games all the time. He'll come and ask you to buy in-game stuff. He's going to have his way of snarling. When he wants something in the game, there will be a way to say this, Daddy, of course, it will be sometimes, but sometimes it will say that we can't spend a lot of money, we will teach him in the game. And then the other will play the game together. He's developing very fast now. I don't believe what we were doing at the age of 8, but Max developed quite far and quite fast, part of me that the game has a part, there is a warning in terms of game time, I'm worried, but I personally think I'm only worried about gaming time, but he's already in control because I'll keep checking max online in the game, I'll see if he's online. If it's late at night, I'll type it and tell you to go to bed."
"Anthony" is in love with the character "You and Me and Me".|Hot-runner Tony Anthony Buiseret plays Mak in the romantic film "You and Me and Me", where he opened up, "Playing this movie is a dream come true. I want to work with GDH. I'm a fan of this label. Watch almost every movie. When I first came to cast the script, I was very far away. When I knew I was playing, I was very happy, but I had to make a lot of adjustments. I had to go to Nakhon Phanom with my friends to practice living, speaking Isaan, playing harp, riding motorcycles, boating. Live a life of real people. At first, we didn't act right, but when I was with my friends, I fell in love with Nakhon Phanom. This movie has a lot of magic moments that make us remember, it's a movie that I'll keep in my memory. AFTER YOU FORGET THAT, LET'S CHEER US UP IN THE CINEMA."
"Tyne" launches a special project reflecting painful angles through the album "EYES of the SAD VALENT!NE"|Valentine's Day is not a celebration of love alone, but the young rapper "T!NE" (Tyne). Young artists from the label Sony Music Thailand feels the opposite, recently releasing the EP "EYES of the SAD VLENT!NE", a special project through 4 songs: Why, Tomorrow, Still and Wang Weng, which Tyne revealed, "The origin of this EP album started with us wanting to tell about the disappointment that it wasn't just love, there was disappointment from family, from the past, from friends, from various relationships. It wasn't really a SAD VALENT!NE project, we had two songs before. 'Tomorrow' and 'Wang Weng' and then we brainstrom that we should release in February 2019 to form Z. For music, it's like we've found a new genre and we've found ourselves one step further." Today, both on radio stations and on all music streaming platforms, JOOX/Apple Music/Spotify.
"Mint-Phupha" 10 years of love, still not in a hurry to get married, continue dating like this, happy (clip)|A marathon couple who have been in love for 10 years, sweet and unobtrusive, for a long time, the girl "Mint - Chalida Vijitwongthong" will wield her boyfriend "Phupha Techanarong" to the event. THE COUPLE OPENED UP AT SHINING 10TH ANNIVER SARY CELEBRATION AT CENTRAL WORLD SHOPPING MALL. "Sit back and look at the old photos, we've been dating for 10 years, this year we're in our 11th year, and I still feel mint every day." "When Mint saw the photo of the play, it was a very old picture, and Mint lost her mind, Mint remembered that it was a long time." "After this duet work, I had to go back to filming, not sweet at all. It's like watching a concert together, having a moment together, listening to music together, and turning it into an opportunity." "It's okay, but later I'm more concerned about my health, I want to take care of myself." "Wait a minute, because we're celebrating our 10th anniversary this month." Have you asked for anything special? Mint "I didn't ask for anything. Haven't asked for it yet?" "Wait for the brothers to ask again?" "Not yet. Mint "Can Wait (High Pitch)"Why does it sound so loud? Mint "I'm excited every time, I don't know what he's going to answer"Is that we talked about it first? "I don't know what he's going to say either, so we're going to win." "It's more like everyone asks us when and we'll look at each other." "Actually, most of the time we talk about the present, because the future we don't have a plan for when and how. "We like to talk to each other first (laughs) because one has to talk to our parents first, talk to our family first, but we don't know (shyly) but we haven't had it in the past because most of the time we know." "He's a good guy, he's a spy, but as I said, wait for me to ask again?" "I'm not pressured, but I want it to be more special." "Uh...", Mint "Wait a minute"Is this going to be special retrospective? "Actually, we've been traveling for almost a month, we've been in Europe, we've come back and we've been to Japan. I've been shooting dramas lately. "Yes, it's been a long time because since COVID-19, Mint and Pee Pha haven't gone anywhere. So I took the opportunity to go for a little while, go with a lot of friends, so I went to many cities".
Thunwa Green gets his girlfriend to block the real line because they're flirting with each other.|After just getting a picture of the breakup a few days ago. For a couple of young heroes. Suriyajak and actress Green Atsadaporn, who has a clip in which Green revealed that they had broken up and blocked her boyfriend's line. The relationship and the couple's status are finalized. Green-Thanwa is still in love, have you ever broken up or not, and have been blocked by your girlfriend, which Thanwa has revealed that there are rumors of breaking up? Green is a photography enthusiast, but I don't really like it. Most Greens take pictures of him, and he'll be invited to take a couple photos. A FEW PHOTOS OF ME HAVE ENOUGH (SMILING)SPONSORED CONFIRMS WITH PHOTOS THAT I DIDN'T BREAK UP. Yes, I rarely post photos, so I post them on Instagram and write captions. He blocked the line. I think it's a bit of a bummer, but it's not that serious. Because everyone is busy, I'm busy investing. Most of the time, I don't have a lot of time, and then there's the drama, and he's talking about time, I think it's a lot, the opinions about the work don't match up. I asked him how he was doing, and he was fine. We didn't know who it was, but it was just getting better, so it was already there. To be honest, they're both calm. Sometimes they don't talk much (smiling), most of the time they talk more about investments, and they don't talk much about the entertainment industry. But we called. If we are free, we eat together, we are happy that different people work and do business. There's no good news (smiling) and Valentine's Day isn't going anywhere. Green, he filmed the play, and I went to tennis. We didn't see each other, but before that, we met, we went to dinner, the gifts were nothing, there was a profit from the stock (laughs). Share the share profit for him, it's not a surprise. Nowadays, I also trade stocks. There are good opportunities to help each other, most of the time we are not serious. We've been dating for a long time, like we're used to it, don't care that this year we have to give things, will be more chill, I pay more attention to the weekdays, the way we live together, not very ceremonial, just don't fight, understand each other, help each other make a living, want to get rich, have to do a lot, intend to make money. He has a goal, we have a goal, we help each other make a living.
Don't miss out, get ready for Nene's first solo mini-concert. |After Nene Zheng Nai Xin is a Thai artist who is gaining popularity, especially in China. Surprise fans by returning to Thailand in 3 years and revealing many special projects for 'Atom' (Nene's fan name) to follow, including their own mini-concert organized by The Dream & Destiny Co., Ltd. (THE DnD), a content creator who will take fans on a journey through a crescent diary that will allow them to know the identity of this dream girl more clearly through a show that will make everyone remember her as a real artist. The mini-concert is called Nene 郑乃馨 1ST MINI CONCERT 'DIARY DE LA LUNE' IN BANGKOK 2023 will be held on March 11, 2023. In addition to the songs from her new solo album that will be performed live for the first time, there are many special surprises waiting for the concert. "This is the first event where we'll meet formally, Nene is very excited for his upcoming solo mini-concert. Once again, Nene has done a lot of things on his own, wanting it to be a happy event for everyone and for the special gift that Nene intends to give to every atom. Always give back to great love and support. I'm very excited to see you later," Nene said of how she feels about the upcoming mini-concert for anyone who misses and wants to cheer her up close. Get ready to join the fun together in Nene 郑乃馨 1ST MINI CONCERT 'DIARY DE LA LUNE' in Bangkok 2023 11 March 2023 at 18.00 hrs at SHOW DC HALL Tickets will go on sale for the first time on 18 February on The Concert from 10.00 am onwards.
Patricia was so excited. Revealing your baby's face for the first time It clearly looks like anyone else.|It's called exactly what was intended for the young heroine, Patricia. Yesterday (February 15, 2023), Patricia announced the good news via Instagram, posting it as a baby clothes and writing the caption: "Surprise!! Incredibly excited to announce that we are expecting our little one in 2023.." Patricia He posted a clip of him stroking his baby's stomach and entering a health check-up or antenatal care room. The clip also showed an ultrasound of the couple's baby's face with the caption: "Thank you for all the kind messages, our little one already feels so loved Thank you all for congratulating us, I'm so excited to play the role of a new mom"SPONSOREDA post shared by Patricia Tanchanok Good (@patriciagood)SPONSORED
Air Bhandila Clarification after being linked to a star A. Related Gambling Websites |After someone came out and said, there's a star. A. Involved in gambling websites There are some pages that point out this. That actress is an Air actress. Air Bhandila and her husband, Ice Ratchasit, recently clarified the case via their personal Instagram account, saying, "For mutual understanding, Air would like to clarify this way from rumors or messages that appear on various pages, including speculation that Air and Ice are involved in gambling websites or illegal business. Messages posted or subsequently shared Sponsored asks the media and friends who follow the news to be cautious when sharing or sharing the media, even if they do not know the truth, because it causes damage to Air Ice and others involved who are affected. Air and Ice would have no choice but to take the necessary steps to protect their reputation," Air Bhandila wrote, adding, "It's late to clarify, not because I'm afraid of the truth or want to dodge journalists. To be honest, it was slow to clarify, partly because the air conditioner had just heard all the news, and partly because the air conditioner itself had spent some time reading the news. As well as consulting with friends and lawyers, Air itself still does not understand how there is any part that can be related to Air or Ice, but suddenly there are speculations and allusions to the air conditioner or the use of the picture of the air conditioner as a news illustration, causing a huge misunderstanding. AND CAUSING DISCREDIT, CREDIBILITY, BOTH IN THE ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY AND IN BUSINESS, BOTH WITH AIR AND ICE, AS WELL AS THE FAMILY BUSINESS."
Pee Klao Open up about his bond with New Davica, revealing why he didn't take care of anyone more.|It's been 10 years for the new heroine, Davida, and her personal manager. Pee Klao Dazzling water Until love and bonding super and last. Pee Klao He opened up about his bond with the new one and revealed why he only asked for one new care on the show, why not take care of other celebrities? I feel that if I can't take care of many people, I can't take care of them all, it's better to take care of them alone than to make them good, and to take the time to do other things that we want to do (not enough to take care of one star, the more you get, the richer). He probably thinks that stardom is the only main occupation. I have a freshman and I have other careers as well, so why choose to bring out New Davica? We watched and we were very destined for this child. We started coming together. We saw something in him. So I think we better come out with him, come out together for almost 10 years, meet him from 14-15 until now he is 30. IF IN THE OLD DAYS, THE STAR MANAGER'S CAREER WAS JUST ANSWERING THE PHONE, RIGHT? Do PR stories, do luke, and the Thai entertainment industry is highly competitive. It's not like the old days. Now everything is completely new, who can catch the way first has an advantage. We should encourage all Thai celebrities to go out. Don't compete with each other. It's better to take Thais to compete with the outside. When Thai celebrities don't compare each other. It doesn't work out well. We need to get as many Thai celebrities out into the world industry as possible.
This installment is bang. Tukki Sudarat Post a couple photos of a new car. The registration number gives luck again. |For the actress, the host is in a good mood. Sudarat or Tukky Ching Roi Ching Lan After pulling back a new red mini car, and this car used to give luck. On February 16, 2023, Tukki won the lottery from this car number again. Tukki posted a photo pointing out the license plate number of the mini car with a red tag 8042. After buying the lucky number for several installments, the caption reads, "I told you. If you follow one installment, you have to leave, thank you very much, mom's foot #miniที่ไม่มินิ"This work has made netizens and lottery fans congratulate Tukky to comment under this post big and thank you for the registration number of her new car for luck again.
Dimpled cheeks asked by netizens strongly, pregnant or not, immediately responded in the middle of life (clip)|It is a favorite of the TikTok people. For actress Kengboom Priyada Siddhachai. Every time it comes out live, if there are netizens asking questions that don't go into their ears. She never let go, ready to strike back as soon as she did last live. She was asked "Are you wearing a beautiful dress, are you pregnant?" to which she replied in the middle of life: "I want to be proud of my parents, and you shouldn't ask me if I'm pregnant or not pregnant because I'm not married. Do you have a brother? It's a question that shouldn't be asked. If you make a typo, that's another thing, but if you type it wrong, then you want to ask me this question, it's something that education will teach us not to ask other people like this. Some questions should not be asked because they will stay in the social world forever. Therefore, we must have a conscience that it is too much or too little to ask others. I'm not a talker because, but I'm going to drop very few bad words. Because we don't know who's watching us..", the clip was cut down by a tick-to-a user to make it easier to listen to each other.
Tiger-Dream Returns Love Celebrates Valentine's Day in Sweet Retrospective (Video) |After Dream Kanyanat announced his single status after dating Tiger Sethkan Sukhapimai. The son of famous singer Sek Loso for 2 years through his own IG Story, which shocked many people because there were many sweet moments before. Tiger Luksek posted a photo via IG Story showing a Chinese tattoo with someone's arm with the caption "Happy v day ft. New ink". He has a Chinese tattoo on his arm, just like the one with the tiger down, so many people wonder if Tiger and Dream will be reconciled, and yesterday (February 16, 2023), Tiger Sethkan posted a clip on IG Story wielding his girlfriend. In the clip, both Tiger and Dream also show off their Chinese tattoos on their wrists. THIS EVENT CLEARLY CONFIRMS BY VOICE AND PICTURE THAT THE COUPLE HAS RESUMED THEIR SWEET AND SWEET LOVE.
Aye, Mira gets hit by someone after injecting her mouth. I change my face every 6 months for fear of getting bored.|Women don't stop being beautiful. Chonwiralvanis then went to inject her mouth thickening because she thought her mouth was too thin. He immediately came to live and sell things. Because of this, Ae Mira had to hurry to clarify about the mouth that was being pushed in non-stop, causing him to feel angry. In addition, Ae Mira also posted a clip after the mouth injection with jokingly saying "Fill a little, but the swelling is very big", and also replied to the fans who came to tease, "She has changed a lot", to which Er replied, "Change every 6 months, afraid everyone is bored. She doesn't have to be surprised 5555" SPONSORED
From the heart of the horse Onnapa Bless Poi-Oak before the wedding ceremony.|Congratulations to Poi Trichada and her husband Oak Bhagava for joining us for this morning (February 17, 2023). The aura came full. The groom is equally handsome, called the event held in Bangkok for close friends and guests who are not comfortable attending the wedding in Phuket. On March 1, 2023, it will come today. People in the entertainment industry also attended the event to congratulate them. One of them is the horse Onnapa, and also wishes the newlyweds: "Congratulations to Poi and Oak too. One of the things that happened today was a vision that said it was unbelievable. But it's something that's already happened and it's something so beautiful that many people dream of being like this, one thing that we want to keep this beautiful memory forever is the 2nd thing. People have to take care of each other and keep it for as long as possible. Traveling forward, left, right, it has a hundred stories, a thousand stories. We have to be patient, fight, the only thing two people can dream of going through is perseverance, patience in everything. It's extraordinary. This is extraordinary. It's not normal, it's always a story. So how do we make what happens to us give us strength? It's a dream of my own too (laughs), but it's not coming because it's been there and it's gone (laughs) but it's not pompous in different eras, so in this day and age it's acceptable. I always say this when we're in the third place, and I'm happy to see Poi from the beginning and he's a beautiful person. The groom is handsome. Thank you very much, have a great time".
Sani tells the knot, the wedding plan is down. I had to give up my boyfriend because of poverty.|It's always been a work in progress for Sani. nipaphon thitithanakarn As for the love story, she herself has the most heartfelt story in her love when she was still studying. I was in a relationship with my 11-year-old boyfriend for 6 years, everything was good, support everything, but I had to quit because I was still in love because of a marriage by a girl. Sani opened up about it, saying, "Our boyfriend is 11 years apart from us, we met because of the exercise, kicking the ball, swimming. He thought we were growing up, one day he came and asked us if we were here and started talking. I don't know if I'm a fan, I can just talk, I'm going to eat, I've been living for 6 years because I've grown up because of him. The influence in our lives is that they are all gone. Almost all of his feelings and feelings throughout the entire time of their relationship suggested he should have known that he had a girlfriend because the older one wasn't stupid, but he didn't. Everything is very normal, he took very good care of us. 6 years of dating, nothing at allSPONSORED who asked why he was so engrossed with this person because it is strange that he really loves us, is the age when he has anything with anyone and is patched. After that day, he said to himself, waiting for the wedding day. But he had to break up because of the knot about marriage, he didn't want to marry more than 34-35, then he was 24-25, he didn't want to have more than this because he could be smart and strong. He studied it all, but he was very poor. He told me to take care of him, don't worry, there is a business at home, we definitely don't have difficulty, but people like us are going to rely on him to take care of us and take care of our parents again? It's unconscious pressure. He still wants to have fun, but he's ready to stay, so he told me to finish school and come to Hat Yai. He immediately said, "We broke up, and that day when I called it quits, I didn't tell you any reason. He asked if he had thought about it and we said, um, he hung up the phone, so after 1-2 months, his brother called and said that he can't stay. Hanging up is crying. I love him, but I love him. He's 30 years old and he's dead, so I asked if he regretted loving me. Thanks to him, we learned a lot, and today we have not forgotten him. HE IS OUR GOOD BROTHER, A LOVE THAT IS NOT REGRETTED, BUT THE MOST CHERISHED".SPONSORED
Poi Trichada reveals that her husband is sweet and tearful.|Congratulations to the beautiful bride Poi Trichada at the latest today (February 17, 2023) wielding the love husband Oak Bhagava Hongyoke. Bachelorette Party at Mandarin Oriental Hotel Along the Chao Phraya River with celebrities in the industry. Outside the industry, many congratulated such as Aunt Tue, Jaa Alisa of Tiffany, Ma Onnapa, Kalamare Patcharasri, Woody Wutthorn Milinthajinda, Pancakes and Inspector Bear, and many more. Ms. Poi also opened up about this husband, saying, "When I saw Brother Oak Poi, I knew that this person is the answer to Poi, even though many people, if it is someone else speaking, Poi will feel sensible, but brother Oak speaks for a reason and makes Poi feel that this person is the answer to life." More fortunate than a woman to marry another prince. Poi is very lucky that Brother Oak loves Poi, doing everything for Poi. What Brother Oak does, whether from being or from dying. I don't regret my life being born," her boyfriend said briefly, "I will love Poi forever. Thank you," brought the attendees to tears.
Stillbirth The first grandson, Teng Teng, is a little more handsome than his grandfather.|Previous Physiognomy Akarapongsak The famous comedian's son, Teng Tiew Teng, surprised his father by saying that his girlfriend is pregnant with their first child. On February 17, 2023, Thaeng Taeng's wife, Mala, posted a picture of her first grandson on her Instagram with the caption, "My nickname is Jaden, I'm a little more handsome than my grandfather. Let's go get some milk first", and "Hello, my name is Dr. Akirah Pongsuwan (Jaden). I am the grandson of my grandfather and grandmother Malana. All FC fans"Meanwhile, Ant and his wife, Mum Jok Mok, posted a picture of Jaden with a congratulatory message: "Congratulations to Grandpa Teng and Grandma Mala. My nephew is white, like my grandmother, and I'm healthy for both mothers. Jaden I'm excited to be a grandma," he said, adding that many fans had comments congratulating his grandparents. CONGRATULATIONS TO THAIRATH ENTERTAINMENT ONLINE.
Have a good eye, secretly take a picture of Mr.-Bai fern, sweet date. There was a gentle handshake. |It's another pair with fans to try to move up soon. For a couple of young heroes, Mr. Naphat and young heroine Bai Fern. Because after the men announced that they would go ahead and flirt with fern leaves, they did a lot of things. People have been keeping an eye on the status of their relationship all the time and recently there was a photo of someone secretly taking Mr. Bai Fern on social media, a picture of the couple going out on a date two by two in a chilling way, as both people love. Make your fans peck at their pillows. PECK YOUR LEGS ALMOST TORN AWAY WITH THE SWEET, SWEET MOMENTS OF THE FANATICS.SPONSORED
"June Natasha" sits H. See Dubai Single Review Without Loneliness|Single, rich, beautiful...can't help Girl June-Natasha Manisuwan, the heroine of the movie "Closed the Haunting Forest", plays opposite Nag Charlie and the owner of the single Boys Don't Cry. "This Valentine's Day, June has the opportunity to go on vacation to Dubai, to see new business events for her family, to see many business events, because we have a partner who has been here for 7 years. A fan immediately asked for a second single. I'm getting ready now, but I'm going to have to hold onto it.".sponsored
Poi-Oak Wedding Ceremony Beautiful bride aura Entertainers flocked to the event.|First of all, thairath online entertainment team must congratulate actress Poi. Trichada and businessman outside oak industry Bhagava Hongyoke On February 17, 2023, the couple held a bachelorette celebration. Recently, the Facebook page Baan Ar-Jor posted a photo of the bachelorette celebration with the caption "Baan Ar-Jor is delighted & honored to welcome our daughter to the family 'Fist Meet Poyd & Oak Party' on Friday 17 March 2023 at Mandarin Oriental Bangkok".
sneaking New New Waideng Ex-boyfriend Tanapol is still sexy, not flattering. |It's pretty sexy. For New Thananunch Thanarathiranch, better known to many as New New Waideng. The 2012 Coyote Thailand champion is also the ex-girlfriend of the former hero Teel Thanapol. It must be admitted that the beauty of New New Waideng is second to none. This girl is sexy, never flattened. Because if you are a Number One fan of New New, you will see the hottest pictures of her on social media often, this event thairath entertainment online will take fans to see the beauty of New New Waideng, whether in 2023 she still stands one of the sexies. Each photo garnered a flood of likes and comments from fans.
70 is still clear. Granny Tea He was taken to the hospital in the middle of the night. |It is another funny that many people know very well. Thieteng or Boonrit Khumsaen, who in January was taken to the hospital in the middle of the night. Grandma Shama opened up about the reason for the hospitalization, causing many people to be worried about what happened on the talk show with her wife, saying that the rumors were that Grandma Cha was dead? I'm still breathing the news, how do I make a movie? The makeup artist was dressed like he was going to the hospital. Two months ago, my heart beat fast and I had high blood pressure, so I told him to take him to the hospital. He told me to take a deep breath and drink a lot of water because I thought it was okay. SPONSORED: That night, around 1 a.m., he poked us and woke up, he said he couldn't breathe, so he told us to drink a lot of water, we didn't know that he had flooded his lungs, and he said that if he didn't take him to the hospital, he would die. We were shaken that we had even gotten up and we woke up our sister-in-law and sent her to the hospital when we got to the hospital, the doctor said that if we came a little later, we might not survive a heart attack. Tell the doctor that if I am anything, tell me that I can take it, I can die, I take it, he tells me not to die, but I need to treat, inject drugs into the diuretic line, the doctor analyzes how? How worried is your heartbeat? Like cigarettes, the doctor tells them to cut or lighten or quit, and they'll secretly suck. Before one day two packs, but now say that one day do not exceed 5 cigarettes, but he will have 10 resistance, how stubborn is this person?Shrimp: Stubborn, maybe we arranged the medicine, did not take it, but he wants to recover. When I got home, I staggered. When the sun is a little strong, the breathing is tired. Grandma Cha: Worried about the life that he will have to continue the next day without us, even if he has parents in the same house. How would he live without us? If he doesn't keep it next day, how will he use it? Who is he going to borrow? No one gives. I'm also a parent. But if we can be anything but a bank deposit, have a wealth for him, then be anything, do you really want to shave your head for grandma? 4 months ordained, I also want to change my look for myself with the idea of dharma as well as if I ordained to dedicate my charity and life to my grandmother? Prawn: Ordained for 4 months, left home alone, Grandma tea: But before that, I ordained first.
Oh yes, Porntip showed off her sexy bikini, showing off her six pack very clearly.|The love day festival is an opportunity to raise the family to go on a joint trip for the couple of Ae Porntip and Po Nattawut who took their two sons on a trip to the Krabi sea. For example, valentine's day moments with a picture of Po-er having a sweet dinner by the sea, and for this trip that is not only sweet, because the mother-of-two, Er Porntip, also served up a full-fledged tease with the latest photo of Ae wearing a tiny black bikini. Standing in a light pose, taking a photo, but making many people focus very strongly on the shot where Ae Pornthip puts his hand on the bottom bikini and writes a short caption saying "On a hot day", which seems to be the owner of the post is even hotter. One shot, but the sea boils, it makes all the fans come to comment a lot, such as how beautiful I am, where my dad goes, but mom is hotter, um, very much more consumable.
Granny Tea The 28-year-old started her marriage with 120 baht. |It's another joke that no one knows. For Granny Tea Or Boonrit Khum Saen, who wields a wife of a 28-year-old child. It debuts with the legend of a funny couple with a former pump boy, falling in love because of his handsome voice. Grandma Cha was so unfaithful that she had to be kicked out of the house on the talk show on Channel One31, this couple is 28 years apart? We love him for everything, we can give him. If he loves us all, how old can he let us meet Mr. Kung?: I was 18 at the time when I was at the gas station, I was a cashier at the gas station. At first, we weren't interested in ordinary women. When we finished the prank, we stopped at the gas station, exchanged money, and he asked if grandma had any autographs. Prawn doesn't even know that he's a tea grandmother, there's a brother who asks for an autograph, so let's go that way, to cut the annoyance from cutting the annoyance into love? He gave us his number and called me that night. This woman speaks with a tailspin. Hello. Do you think Inigu has to catch my wife when I see him at the pump? I don't like it. In the past, he was big, plump, and when he came to talk on the phone, we had to take him as our wife. Mr. Kung said that he listened to grandma tea on the phone, the voice was handsome?Shrimp: At first I thought that I was going to be the answering manager. Let's try to see if he'll answer the call. Call him and get a very handsome voice, how can you fall in love with him? Shrimp: Grandma is a consistent person, how did the beginning come, how did the end come, so how do you keep your wife today? Never steal a little, maybe there are some grandmothers: most of them will actually make merit wearing a bowl or not letting you wear a short skirt? Can you wear it, but you have to go to the sea and wear a swimsuit? We love him. Others looked at us, and they didn't look at Myagu. Shrimp: Well, we're 18-19 young, we want to show some shows, but nowadays we don't wear them, we're 40 years old, there's an incident where we chase grandma tea out of the house? He talked. When he wasn't around, we secretly took his machine and listened to it. Shrimp: We kicked him out of the house because we talked well and didn't accept it, we watched the behavior, it was as we thought, Grandma Cha: We argued that there was nothing, just people who knew to host a radio show together, but he didn't believe him, he followed Shrimp: At that time, he fired him because he was still arrogant that it was our houseSPONSORED, so what happened to come to heal?Shrimp: We were still worried about him, no money, so we drove his motorcycle after him to get money and workbooks, he was afraid that he couldn't get a job and couldn't contact the host, and he couldn't find it. Keep driving until you get to the ten-wheeler. I drove away crying. Finally, he drove to the house and passed by when his grandmother was kicked out of the house, shocked? I kicked Gu out of the house, how do I remove it, I don't want to come back and apologize to him? He drove around the front of the house and drove in to see what the situation was. Seeing the house quietly, he drove in, and he said he was sorry for what had passed. Can you close one eye for me besides chasing and challenging me if I'm sure I'm going to be with the girl? Shrimp: No, at the time when I was dating my grandmother, I didn't even know that he was a star. We all started from scratch: we picked up the aroma today, we ate it. Shrimp: I don't eat shrimp because I hope for money? When we were together, we had nothing. We started with only 120 baht. When he gets funny money, he has a lot of subordinates, he will take this money to support him, he will not have it, today he will have him, tomorrow he can find it again. He just thought: The two of us have been counting from scratch. When I have some to eat, but not a lot of shrimp: we really struggled together. What would you like to tell me? I'm here for her and I want to do good things for her. I asked her if I loved her. I love you with all my heart. I wish you happiness with me, Mr. Kung, please tell me back?Shrimp: No, it's better to say love than to take action. You don't have to tell when or how much you'll love each other. Nowadays, we will do our best to take care of each other as best we can.
blue clear pavensuda Miss Grand Pathum Thani fights to win the crown on stage.|The weak-legged circle is preparing to shake again. When the beauty queen is blue, Paveensuda Druin Bringing the experience of beauty pageants on the world stage to the beauty pageants of Miss Grand Pathum Thani 2023. To find a beautiful woman who is beautiful, talented, confident and has a good attitude, ready to represent Miss Grand Pathum Thani to fight for the Miss Grand Thailand stage. 2023 Miss Grand Pathum Thani 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2023 Miss Grand Thailand 2 Because besides the clear sky that will come to trend beautiful women in terms of speech. Answering questions, posing There are also experts in various fields to help with the trend, including acting coaches like Ayo Tusawan and daughter Kwan Pimapsorn. Pee A Tiwakorn, a nationally renowned makeup artist, is also a coach in the area of makeup, and DJ Kendo Kriangkraimas will also come into the trend on social media. The other thing that many beauty pageant fans are watching is the pageant stage. The light, color, sound, how big it will be because it is considered the stage of our Pathum Thani contest, is the last stage. We do it because the whole team holds the concept of losing money, no matter how much money you can't lose face, so Fah Sai wants all beauty pageant fans to join us and cheer on all the beauty pageants who will be Miss Grand Pathum Thani to represent to win the crown on the Miss Grand Thailand stage this year, with all the beauty pageants auditioning together on Sunday, February 19, before picking up on February 25-27, with a big press conference on February 27 and the finals on February 28.
Y Series Hero Posted after news of being deposed, caught hiding his wife's child|In the case of celebrity gossip that the hero of series Y has been deposed by lightning because adults caught him hiding his wife and children, there are both people wondering who he is and there are people who see that nowadays celebrities do not need to hide family or lovers. He hasn't concealed his affair with having children and a wife, and has given a lot of encouragement to the recently watched young hero of the Y-series, Cech. Chananrut also reposted an IG Story from an encouraging person and also shared his wife's IG Story, which posted a family photo with his father, mother and children with the message, "Soon we will have a statement clarifying the conclusions and facts. Please understand and sympathize with us. We are very new to this path," said Chek Chananruj's wife, who also shared a memory of 2020, when her husband and children waited for her shopping, with the message, "Thank you for being consistent to this day." SPONSORED, FANS AND FRIENDS HAVE COME TO CHEER ON CHECK CHANANRUT A LOT.
Rubbing his eyes hard, Matt Bheerney doesn't let go of the shabby, showing off his new look, slicing his hair short.|After the heroine, Matt Bhiraney, openly talked about her love affair, saying that it is still bright pink with Songkran Techanarong. Matt Bheerney has released a new look that is very bright and bright for the summer with golden blonde hair that looks so eye-catching, with the caption "I'm not a heart, it's a cut, it's a new sprout."
Get to know Chek Chananruj Rising Star Hero The drama was dropped because of his wife's son. |Became of interest again for the bright-faced young hero Chek Chananruj when there was a buzz. The young star was deposed. Playing the Y series, secretly tucking away the children and wife, even he came out with the hashtag #คนมีลูก, causing fans to send a lot of encouragement. I'm looking forward to seeing you next and today. Thairath Online entertainment will take you to know more about the young hero Chek Chananrut Sirasitthat, who is now going to have his first theatrical production, House Of Stars, the Y series of betrayal, is scheduled to be released on Channel One 31 soon. HE GRADUATED FROM HIGH SCHOOL FROM THE ROSE GARDEN COLLEGE AND BACHELOR'S DEGREE FROM THAMMASAT UNIVERSITY, BUT THIS EVENT MUST BE A LITTLE SAD BECAUSE YOUNG CHECK HAS A HEART OWNER AND IS ALSO A FATHER OF 2 WHO CAME TO BE A GOLD CHAIN FOR HIS FAMILY.
Aum-Hisonin relationship Billionaire businessman The latter had a picture of dinner together.|After the last Valentine's Day. When the actress Aum Phatcharapa had a photo with a handsome man on Instagram, many people even cheered and looked at who this young man was, which this young man named Nin Chanin Terattanachai had an extraordinary good profile because he is a billionaire businessman who imports electrical equipment in the industry and owns a famous hotel in Pattaya. An importer of electrical equipment in the industry and the owner of a famous hotel in Pattaya." THERE ARE STILL A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO KNOW ME TO COMMENT ON IT.
Spy needed to go on a trip to "Kitakyushu-Shimonoseki" and "Boy-Brown"|3 Partners, Channel 3 Broadcast and Kitakyushu–Shimonoseki City Join hands to organize the "Transform into a Spy" activity During the drama "Lip Gloss Spy" on air at the end of last year, in order to recruit fans who are ready to transform into spies in your style, until the lucky winners were selected, flying to "Kitakyushu Shimonoseki" in Japan, a total of 4 people on the night of February 9, channel 3 executive Chanya Jaisin. Deputy Managing Director, Marketing Office BEC World Co., Ltd. and 2 Bosses of Broadcast Thai Television Kai-Arakwut Suwanprakorn, Naung Aruncha Panuphan with lead actor Boy-Pakorn Chatborirak The heroine, Sugar-Pijakkhana, a saratanasilp band, and the lucky winners flew directly to Japan and started the activity immediately on the morning of February 10. Take a trip to Shimonoseki City. Start your lunch with some of the most popular local dishes. Before taking everyone to wear a "kimono", take photos and walk around the ancient city. I can tell you that the atmosphere is very good. FINISH WITH THE CITY'S FAMOUS DISH, THE "PUFFER FISH", WHICH ARRIVES HERE AND DON'T MISS SPONSORED. Hiraodai, ranked as one of Japan's three most beautiful plateaus, is also known as limestone hill before moving to Kitakyushu. End your food-travel-shop trip with a memorable taste. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
After 10 years of leaving the mic, "Tea-Chiranat" returns to the music industry.|A comeback to the music industry! "Tea" singer "Tea - Chiranat Yusanon" has been away from music for more than 10 years, today "Tea" is back with her new single "Cha boo!", the first song in more than a decade, with her first work as "Namcha" with Warner Music Thailand, presenting "Namcha" to !!!music fans. Revealing the feeling of returning to music in 10 years, he said: "I'm so excited. I really didn't think I'd come back to make music, we were already married, had kids, but deep in my heart I still wanted to come back and do it. There was a brother who was respected and worked with me and asked if I wanted to come back to warner music in Thailand, which had Mr. Kal Kongkam, an executive, and we didn't say no because we never stopped doing this. I asked why I thought I wouldn't do it anymore, because in Thailand it's a step for people in the industry. When you have a baby, you become a mother and it becomes lighter, which really doesn't have to follow the loop, we are what we want to be, do the work we want to do and have a baby with "SPONSORED"This time, "Tea" does not come to find the meaning of true love, but invites fans to experience a buffet love experience that has no limits. An eye-catching new generation of singer-songwriters "Tea" reveals that this song talks about having love for her in a buffet style, all-you-can-eat! So much fun. I said tea energy was overflowing. It's like we started from scratch, so I'm excited about everything. This song is a style that Tea likes and the camp work takes away our identity. It's a very subtle pop song and has a color that we like. If it's a slow song, take it to the fullest but not complicated, in the past "Tea" did not leave the music work at all, but also posted clips of singing and life in various periods for fans to follow on YouTube channel: Namcha, which Tea believes may be the reason why people are persuaded to make music again. "Tea" said, "People who have followed us are glad we're back. As for the younger generation, they say that I listened to my brother's music since I was a child, and I don't think anyone will tell us this today. Fans who grew up together say we're the same. Do you really have a baby?" with the music work and motherhood of "The Seaman". "I'm getting used to it, we're getting used to having a lot of different versions in a day, the motherhood version, the Independent version, the exercise, the weightlifting. The version works seriously, committed. In 1 day, we have to post social media, multiple accounts. The fun of creating content is something we have to do consistently. The mode in which we are mothers, we are full, we are with our children. Reading fairy tales, playing toys, spending a lot of time with your child, but people may not be able to. How much do you see motherhood on social media? If you ask how you plan for your child, you can see what direction you like to go and encourage them to the fullest." Husband "Dr. Waw Dilka Lattapipat" Tea said, "We'll see you in the morning, off work, during the day we'll work. We're in a different world, we're in the business of education, real estate, wealth, and we're artists. A mother of one, trying to manage her time that she must at least come to eat together as a mother, taking care of herself until it is the same "tea". "It feels good, it's a compliment because over the years we've been trying to heal ourselves and take care of ourselves, it's shown that people see that it works, which we do a lot. The fact that we know we have children and that we have to be fatter makes us even more proud. When I was pregnant, I exercised regularly and non-stop. Choose a diet and breastfeeding period is very full and exercise a lot. So my body came back quickly, called intentionally losing weight, getting back to the same weight when I was 2 months old. We don't want to look like mothers who leave their lives. When people say the same thing, we feel happy, because it's not easy. It requires the same extreme discipline. As for the zap, I don't dare to tease it because I'm afraid of my child.
It's not that rich!! Idol Y2K "Ern Jirawan" Uy "Mother-in-law" struck hard. Pay Billion Mansion|The real Y2K mom!! Think of the famous singer of the 90s "Ern-Jirawan", nowadays her life is like a princess, there is a mansion of more than 30 rai!! Husband & Mother-in-law Love very much, husband "Dr. Dr. Duangrit" and both sons "Nong Dee Nong Dawin" came to confirm by himself at the stage "3 Zap" very exclusive because of Ern girl. She hasn't been on a TV show for more than six years, and has updated her and her family's lives. About to build a new house 30 rai billion Did grandma build it for grandchildren? "Yes, the space is not just the house. There is a swimming pool. The kids love to drive ATVs, they will have a place for them to do activities." But listening and gasping as I grew up, I want to be Ern-Jirawan, I can think of anything, everything specs men have to go home, will come to flirt with the girl 90, have to be patient, send SMS and diligently send music, everything is like a sage!! "A very lucky woman, no problem with her mother-in-law, she knows that her daughter-in-law loves to eat crab, so she will buy it." Who cares!!? Mother-in-law loves one !!!! end Stay tuned for more on "3 Zap" this Sunday. 15 p.m. on Channel 3HD and watch back on www.youtube.com/polyplusentertainment 
Congratulations, Lily, if you're fresh. graduate 6th grade, despite missing some teenage years.|It doesn't disappoint fans at all, and it's also a pleasure for talented country singers like Lily Narinath or Lily. Grade 6 is completed. He shared a good story on his personal Instagram, stating, "Before it's over, I'm sweating... First of all, this is not a good teenager, this is a working teenager, the first to work full-time is very stressful because they are tired of working, tired of studying, traveling to concerts. We don't have time to rest, we can't keep up with our homework. I've been working on it for 4 years. Thank you to everyone for your support, whether it's family, fc, people around us, maybe even a little lacking in adolescence, but that's okay, experience will teach us to grow up. Today, there is nothing to tell. IN ADDITION TO THE WORDS "CAN YOU DO IT", MANY FANS CAME TO CONGRATULATE THEM, BUT MANY OF THEM FOCUSED ON CASH BOUQUETS AND ARRANGED LARGE BOUQUETS IN A FASTIDIOUS MANNER. This work has been done and he has been exhausted.
New Davika gives up 10kg of pork pan after being asked if he has ever eaten (video)|Beautiful body with a slim waist. People can't help but wonder if the new heroine, Davica Hoorne. You know or have you ever eaten a large !!!batch of pork pan, but this event you would like to answer clearly with the clip "David arranges! Nittha joins the group to eat pork pan together. Margie Rasri stopped by the jam before going to work and said, "Who said Davika doesn't know pork pan, you know, because now there are a lot of people who say that New Davika knows pork pan shabu? Today we will find out that Davika knows pork pan"And the atmosphere of eating pork pan of the 5 girls is fun. There are cute moments, teasing, hilarious. Mint was teased for eating the best pork pan. Mew likes to eat large pieces of pork pan. "David eats pork pan and everyone eats it often, not every day, but we eat it once a month, with everyone making a meme about David, do you know pork pan, do you know shabu? Asked what he likes to eat best in the pork pan menu, New said he likes to eat golden needle mushrooms. vermicelli Vegetables and meat are not very good at pork. I'd prefer chicken. Let's eat pork belly. I don't usually eat it. If you don't want to eat it. I don't think it's very greasy, but I asked if it was delicious. Watch the video
Fans defending Patricia were asked to get pregnant before the wedding after posting a clip of her baby ultrasound.|It's a mother's place, for a beautiful young heroine. Patricia Goode After attending the wedding ceremony with her husband, businessman Note Magic, last year, Note and Patricia always said that the couple wanted to have a baby and was ready to release since the ceremony at the temple. Petricia posted a clip of her baby ultrasound. And seeing the clear face of the little one growing very fast Among the people who came to congratulate the mother of the red banner a lot, but there were no people who came to comment and asked, "Just got married, pregnant?" After that, there was a fan club of Patricia. He replied, "Why do you have money to take care of your child?" What's wrong?, This should be a pleasure, not a question. If you don't know what to say, you should stay still, he's pregnant when he's ready, go wonder what he's doing first, don't dress or get pregnant. He had been proposing since the middle of last year, so he wasn't going to get married. He's been ready for a long time, he's going to have a baby, he's not weird, he's very confused by your questions. He had been asking for marriage a long time ago, ready to have a baby, even though he couldn't get pregnant. He has a girlfriend and a girlfriend, he loves him very much. HIS FAMILY WANTS TO HAVE SPONSOREDSPONSORED
"Louis" Fans of the drama will be invited to stand in the way of guns at the end of February 22.|The pre-finale rating jumped to 4.8 (as of February 16, 2023) for the drama Block the Way of the Gun. But the fun doesn't stop there. The young hero, Louis Hess. Inviting fans of the drama to join the finale together, Louis reveals the conclusion of the story. In addition to having fun with action scenes. THERE IS ALSO AN ACTION LOVE STORY IN THE WAY OF GUNS TO BE ENJOYED BY SPONSORED", AND THEN WE LEARNED THAT RISA, WHICH JAEDA (SARANYA CHUNAHASART) PORTRAYS, IS THE REAL SHADOW OF FIRE, IT IS VERY BAD, IT IS CALLED FLIP, BUT WHAT WILL THE END OF THE SHADOW OF THE FIRE BE? I'd like to invite everyone to join me in closing this huge mission together. In addition to the mission to deal with the bad guys, I would like to send encouragement to the heart mission of Independence (Louis Hess) and Nannarin (Cartoon-Natcha Boonpong). Also, what kind of action and action story? It's sure to be fun, it's fun, and it's a win, and if there's anything else that's going to be a turning point. Camp 9 Beaver Films I'd like to say that he's really got to win until the final scene, so I'd like to see you follow along." The drama "Obstruction of the Gun" will be released on Wednesday, February 22 at 8.30pm on Channel 7HD, watch TV press 35 live online BUGABOO.TV and online channels Facebook, IG, Twitter, TikTok : Ch7HD Website: www.ch7.com Mount Clear All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
The wife posted an IG Story asking for sympathy. The hero of the Y series has a wife-child.|After Tao TV Pool, a famous entertainment news host. The Y series hero was sacked after being caught by an adult who was tucked into a wife-child, saying, "Lightning strikes!! Y Series Hero The incident of an adult caught as a wife and child (very old)" became a hot topic on social media before netizens went to find out that the hero was Chek Chananruj Sirasasithat, a new actor who made his debut as an actor in the series HOUSE OF STARS "Y series of betrayal" on September 11, 2022. #คนมีลูก" before the cheque and the lawyer are released, and a press conference on the issue will be held soon. Cech's wife also posted a family photo of 3. The parents wrote, "We will soon have a statement clarifying the conclusions and facts, please understand and sympathize with us, we are very new to this path", and the cheque has also reposted it to IG Story.
Peter Corp. reunites with descendants in 3 1/2 years Make people lose focus, full handsomeness.|Although they have broken up, Peter Corp. Dyrendal and Ploy Ployphan are still doing a good job as parents to their 2 sons. Panther Puma and 2 other Western men who came to Thailand to visit their families and wrote, "The children and grandchildren are full of houses, gathered for the first time in three and a half years, #dyrendal #family". Plus, it looks a lot alike.sponsored
Amy, smelling of a cold red bikini, squinted in the snow.|Splashing the crowd on social media to fans. Likes are quick for actress Amy Scent, who often has sexy pictures to post for sizzling IG. Make your husband C Siwat Chotichaicharin almost holds a wand, but he can't comment on his wife. Amy reveals the chilly wind with a photo of her in a bright red bikini swimsuit. Showing off his slim body, seeing his slim body, smooth white skin, and the snow whitening the area, he wrote the caption, "I used to wonder why people wearing swimsuits shoot in the snow today... @amy_klinpratoom
Taew Nataporn showed off his latest figure until he had to return to exercise because he ate a little snacks.|For Taew Nataporn, every morning she often gets up to exercise almost every day until it becomes a routine. Many people who follow have already regarded Taew as an idol in terms of fitness, although in the past may have been considered by people to be a little too thin, but Taew said that although he is thin, he is very strong. Taew posted a picture of himself exercising, with the caption: "Eat a little bit of meat fat (I'd say a little bit. !!!) It's time to drop a little bit, start !!!"SPONSORED"SPONSORED, the fans who followed have liked a lot, and some people have come to comment asking where is the belly!, My body is beautiful, my muscles are so beautiful. What do you bring fat, fat? We love you, we're not going anywhere. Kiki etc.
Opening wedding photo of Ananda-Nat Natcha The newlyweds enjoyed in a simple atmosphere.|Finally, Ananda Everingham officially renounced her bachelorette. On the morning of February 19, 2023, the bride, Nat Nicha Thanalongkorn, attended the wedding ceremony to officially start their marriage. This morning, a ceremony was held to give flowers to both families. Father John and Mother Kaewsiri Everingham and Mother Viyada, Mother Suchanya Thanalongkorn, Mother of the Bride Father Solas Iammonphan THE BRIDE'S FATHER SPONSORED AFTER THE CEREMONY, THE BRIDE AND FAMILY TRAVELED TO WAT RATCHABOPHITHSATHIT MAHASIMARAM. The couple will hold a wedding ceremony at Capella Hotel, Bangkok, on the evening of today (February 19, 2023). Congratulations to the newlyweds.
Panch Worakan is lightly sexy. Tank tops, shorts I saw a thin waist with smooth white skin.|Take a break after adding sexiness, giving away a bright and bright look for the singer Panch Worakan Rojanavacorn. In addition to the beautiful pictures that are often posted regularly, the captions say that they are as cool as the last ones. Panch Worakan went to relax at the sea, and this event revealed a light sexiness. Wearing a pink tank top with a flat belly and shorts showing off her slender legs. You can see white skin and smooth eyes with a variety of poses. "I don't see him because we're in the sea, hey #เฉียบบบเนอะ" SPONSORED made fans flock to the comments such as very cute, I like you..., beautiful, huy, we must be fans because I am the sea, not him, this love person since the 90s is still as beautiful as before, etc.
"Khun Toi Yok Army" raids Central Korat from February 23-5. Mar66|Pin the deliciousness. "Khun Toi Yok Thap Kitchen" invades Central Korat, the promotion plaza on the 1st floor during February 23-5. Mar66 Toon–Phatthayas Limpapat Managing Director of Bourne Project Co., Ltd., the organizer of the event, revealed, "There are more than 70 restaurants, bringing only good things to mix fresh every day, with a variety of dishes in the neighboring houses, whether it is Saraburi, Pak Chong, Khao Lek, Khao Yai, Pak Thong Chai, invite to enjoy more than 500 kinds of dishes. Mae Thong Pound, Crab Paste, Crab Egg Paste, Minced Fish Delicious, don't tell anyone, Song Serithong, traditional fish balls use 100% real fish fillet. On the opening day, 3 hosts, Atoi-Triphop, Eh-Keerati and Goh Ti Aramboy, participated in a special event and allowed fans to join hands and take photos together. We are ready to give our colleagues the opportunity to buy quality products with ideas. "Live well, eat well" quality guaranteed. Under the sign "Khun Toi Kitchen Selected" FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE VISIT OUR FACE BOOK WEBSITE www.kruakhuntoi.com KITCHEN APPLICATION.
"Mr. Toub Sai Dark" walked the heart-pounding line "Fist -Nujri" led the team to give out fun.|At Mayfair Market Korat, a major check-in point in YaMo City, the event was honored by Tony TJ Dance, a group of 7 kids artists to perform the film song and conclude the mini-concert from Fist Basu, Mikey Black, Nujaree Sriracha, as well as an army of actors, producers and directors. DOGVENTURE MAYFAIR MARKET KORAT WHERE WILL THE NEXT EVENT GO TO LOCKDOWN BITE MUST BE FOLLOWED.SPONSORED
Smiling with brightness, getting to know 2 young whips, Jamie nine-4t, the favorite of the people of Doom. |For 2 hot freshman actors, Jamie Nine Narawit Thiticharoenrak and Forth Nattawan Jirochanthikul, who recently informed about the series My School President from GMMTV, who passed on the cuteness of school-age teenagers through the screen to touch the hearts of fans to peck pillows without embarrassment. A deaf young man portrayed by Jamie Nine and "Li Ming", the grandson of the owner of The Chicken Shop, played by Forth and Thairath Entertainment Online, will introduce you to 2 young Jamie Nine and Forth. Jamie Nine is from Gemini, Gemini is Gemini, "Forth" We came together from Thailand School Star 2019. When showcasing talent on the pageant stage. I brought Muay Thai to the show. Muay Thai dance sucks. I'm no. 1 too. I don't want to say (smiling and stretching my pride)"Forth "If you're close, you're very close because we've been together for 3 years. Sign contracts together, learn, do a lot of activities together, and get closer. I've been getting closer since I see each other every day," Jamie Nine said, "The first time we met, Forth would be a quiet, shy, shy person who rarely talks to anyone. I play the ukulele and everyone sings with me (laughs). It was very stressful in the room, so I was going to be stressed, so why have fun jamming (smiling) and I went to hit people's ass to dissolve their behavior, so I could be easy to get close (smile)." (Laughter.) At that time, yes, because there was a lot of power. We don't want the atmosphere in the contest to be tight, we don't like it, let's live comfortably than not have to be serious." He's cute, energetic all the time, likes to play all the time and is cute"SPONSORED4th "The first story F4 Thailand. My first work at that time, I was very excited, it was the first series, I was about 16 years old, I had a lot of experience. He's very detailed, and he's also working with seniors. He also taught us acting. "My first job was that my girlfriend was the student president, but the first thing I shot was moon and chicken, this was the first series shoot for me, so it was a bit puzzling and challenging because with the first story, I didn't have any experience working on the set. We don't have the first film to play the hearing impaired (deaf). It's quite challenging, so we have to find something else to look forward to because we don't know what deaf people are like. I went to a workshop with the deaf and then I learned sign language and asked if it was difficult, because we didn't know what it was going to be like. We've got to try to really convey that to people that I believe it, I've done my best, hopefully everyone will like it (smiling)." Have you seen yourself on the monitor? "I'm going to watch every round, if he doesn't, I'll ask to see it because I want to know if I'm acting well. I want to show it to the best of my ability. My girlfriend is the student president. "I don't have to watch it myself, I'm the director (laughs), but I want to see how I'm acting, I only watch the important scenes so I can develop it," Jamie Nine interjected, "But I'm looking at it (laughs). "Yes, I watched everything. Look at the personality. See posing See if it's clear (and is it clear?) I'm ahh The problem is that it wasn't clear at first. At first, when I was in the trailer, people would say that I couldn't speak clearly, that I was reading the comments, and then in the trailer he said that I couldn't speak clearly, I was quick to speak, I didn't know anything, I tried to speak slowly, I spoke clearly. It's better now," Jamie Nine said. We've won awards since the series wasn't over yet. I'm glad that people like it, I won the award since I didn't finish the series yet. Thank you so much everyone for supporting each other and encouraging each other"Jamie Nine "I'm glad that people like our work, and I'm glad that people love us so much because at first I didn't think there would be so many people who liked our series and it was so popular abroad. Thank you so much for liking our first work"Forth "I'm very happy because Forth feels so focused on the series and I want it to turn out well. When it turned out well and everyone liked it, I was very happy." Playing with 4 other brothers, mixed, earth, gluten, first, how's it going?" Ask if there's pressure. There is no pressure on the brothers, so the atmosphere in the pile is not pressured at all, it feels very friendly." I don't put pressure on people who come to play because I work together and shouldn't have pressure on each other, but most of the time I'll get into roles with Forth often and talk in sign language. As for sign language, I had to go to class and then there was a teacher in front of the set to teach"During the show, Jamie Nine had a few words to say? I said it once, when I sang, that's when I was liberated (laughs). But it's not just about talking. It's also an idea. When anyone drops something, we don't flinch, we don't flinch," Li Ming, the owner of the shop where Forth plays, how does Fore play? I have to learn sign language using sign language together because when I talk to him I have to talk sign language and then I have to speak aloud because people don't seem to know about it. I think it's hard to use sign language as well. To do two things at once, because sign language and spoken language are not the same, but I find my script more difficult because I have to use sign language and spoken language. Because if you say it, you won't understand it, you have to isolate your nerves, and then we have to use inner body language. So I feel like it's hard." It's our first story. "Out of 10, I give 10 because I think I'm full, but I'm not full. But I've done my best," Jamie Nine said, "I gave 6 out of 10 because I felt like if I went back and played again now, I wouldn't be able to do it. I should have played well, but it's the first thing I can do. I still don't understand the science of acting. From now on, I've already played two series. If you go back and play again, now you should play better. But I felt that I needed to learn more about deaf people. "How did you feel when you first knew we were going to be playing the role of the hearing impaired?" Hey, got the role of the deaf? The actors in the moon are chicken. He wants to try this role, I think a lot of people want to try it. I felt like I was getting a good opportunity, like I was challenging myself, and then I came back and stressed at home saying, 'Well, what are you going to do?' Now give yourself 6 points and the rest is for the audience to judge (smile)." My girlfriend is student president, it's the second series we've shown, but the first on our air. It's like a turning point in our lives that makes people start to know us better. "It was a turning point, I was in year 1, semester 1, integrated innovation, Chulalongkorn University, but now I have to work, so I rarely go to school. But if there is a rhythm, then go to school, and then follow the work from friends, life will change a lot because there is not much time. Now we're working on opportunities first, and people know more about us. Posing in public requires re-adjustment, which is quite a lot of adjustments, because studying is important. It's also important to work outside, I think we have to divide the time, what part of the time we should give it, how to divide it, when we walk outside, we have to see if this is ok. People say we can't do this, we have to be careful, we're ourselves in a more responsible way." When we go to the mall, we get to know more, but before we could wear anything. You can wear a T-shirt and sandals, but when you play this series, you're in for a treat. More people know you, you need to dress well, take care of your personality more. Don't let it get dirty. Clean and tidy (laughs) and be careful with social media. Responsible for posting, tweeting When posting, it won't hurt anyone, affect anyone (adjust a lot, too?). Yes, it took a lot of adjustment and now Forth has just graduated. In 6th grade, I am going to university, I want to study at Chulalongkorn University, Faculty of Economics, now I have completed all the exams, I am waiting to submit my grades, and then I will go to the interview. I think it's important to divide time, I learned a lesson from Jamie Nine, Jamie Nine is a good lesson. I have to set aside some time, now I make studying the number one priority. After the job, I want to work but I don't want to leave my studies, I don't know if fame will always come in like this. I want to do about numbers, about math, and I like math a lot." "I'm usually a shy person. When you meet a lot of people, you'll get excited and don't act right. Over and over again, I had to adapt, I had to make myself more assertive. "I've wanted to have work experience since I was a kid, my mom took me to casting when I was 14. The GMM TV stage is the second stage I contested. The first stage did not win the award, the award was won by the GMM TV stage. I want to work, I want to earn money since I was a child"Finally, I want to leave meat to my fans? Our fan name is Khun Nu, and I leave the meat to you too. Love you guys. I don't want to say that I'm going to focus on improving myself, I'm going to sing, I'm going to perform.  I want everyone to be happy with our work. Thank you for supporting us." Thank you for your support and encouragement in our work, so we'll see you later, and there's one more thing I'll tell you. It's a chicken moon. Stream at Disney+ Hotstar and catch up on new episodes every Wednesday and Thursday."
Director of "Shije Through Multiverse" wins DGA Awards|Continue to win for "Everything Everywhere All at Once" The work of 2 directors, Daniel Kwan and Daniel Chenoort. Starring Michelle Yeo. On Feb. 18, both directors won the Best Director award from the American Directors Association. The 75th DGA Awards 2023 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, California. In the U.S., international media stated that the awards ceremony It's a warm night for Hollywood's biggest names and two DGA Awards highlights, Quan and Chinert. It's even more eye-catching, especially the pair's path to the finish line on the upcoming Academy Awards stage. The DGA Awards are often seen as predictions of the winners of the Best Director award at the Academy Awards, where Kwan and Shinert's rivals At the DGA Awards, there are all top performers, including oscar rival Steven Spielberg.
Te-Maprang invites you to watch TANMAN do it instead. A romantic series with a perspective on life.|True ID sends tanman new original series instead, with two extraordinary actors Te Tawan Vihakrat and Maprang Alisa Khunkwang paired together for the first time and will be on air every Sunday at 19.00, starting on February 12. Watch for free on all networks in one place where True IDsponsored series "TANMAN can do it for you" is a romantic comedy series that relieves stress and incorporates the perspective of life and appreciation of others, guaranteed by the famous production team from channel ONE31, directed by : Pawat Panangkasiri. Written by : Sirilak Srisukhon, Apisara Wongsorn and Produced by Niphon Skinnorn Starring Te Tawan, Maprang Alisa, Xiangxiang Pornsrawong, Aom Skawjai, Puri Hiranphruek, Tee Dok Sadao, Chompoo Thansita, Awo Jirawat, Sudha Chuenban, Toon Panisara, Mind Anis, Yusuke Mazaoka, etc. When the life of a young businessman is in danger, he has to hire a similar-looking TANMAN employee to risk his death instead. In addition to causing chaos to everyone in the company. It also confuses the hearts of many. CATCH THE FUN STORY EVERY SUNDAY AT 7:00 P.M. STARTING FEBRUARY 12, 2023 AT TRUE ID ONLY.
Philanthropic family Atoi Setha celebrates his 1st birthday|Apeak Aranya Namwong (Sirachaya) and Eve Putthida Sirachaya, along with Ton Doomsak Sakdaporn and nephew Miboon Siracha, made merit to dedicate charity to Atoi. Dr. Setha Siracha National Artist in Performing Arts (Thai International Music - Singing 2011) after the 1st anniversary of his passing on Sunday morning, February 19, 2023 at the 4-storey building (Green Building). The ceremony is as follows: 10.00 a.m., monks praying 11.00 a.m., offering Pell and dining with many performers in the industry such as Wittaya Panthurak, Koi Tarika Thidathip, Tu Noppapol Komarakul, Chim Mayurachat as Prasitvej, Kobsuk. Jarujinda, Tiew Arsa Brahmaputra, Peek Symmetry Prihiran, Poo Riddle Kumpinit, Tuk Full Month Salitul, Atu Kanjana Metani, Um Viyada Umarin, Director Bear Chotirat Rakwangwong, Phusaya Naksawat, Meow Ongorn, Spy Pasakorn Roongruangdechapat, Tuswan Seneewong Na Ayutthaya, Jubjang Wimonpan, Chudapa On Instagram, the actors who attended the event posted pictures and clips, along with a message about the one-year anniversary of Atoi's passing. Even after his passing, he will always remain in the memory of people in the entertainment industry.
Annie Brooke buys chili paste but doesn't get the right stuff. Tell me how strong mom (clip)|PreviousLy, Prairie Priwan Wanbutr recently met a woman who recorded a TikTok video claiming to have bought her chili paste but found contaminated stones in her food. As a result, Prairie had to come out to clarify and show responsibility, which has become a hot trend in the online world. Annie Brooke recorded a video reviewing Parry's purchase of chili paste, but the result was not on the cover and demanded that Prairie be held accountable. Say it's like his aunt. Why not like a trade....ended. #น้ําพริกแพรรี่" (watch the video)SPONSORED But you have to watch the clip to the end because you can tell that it is very peak By this clip Annie scooped up the chili paste to eat and said, "Brother Ann ordered pork chili paste and chicken skin paste Prairie came by asking for a cracked tooth with a stone, like your aunt said in the T.T. But I ordered it and ate it. So, you don't sell things on the cover. I said, taking it like there was a rock. This one you don't have (chewing pork residue loudly, crispy). You are not honest with consumers. There's not a lump, what can I do? I ordered it and took it with stones. It's not responsible," he also posted a line chat in the comments and wrote, "I've already decided to take it like his aunt. Prairie, after seeing the clip, even said, "Wow, it's so strong, Mom Ann." Hot steamed rice is delicious, helping each other to make a living. Brother Ann promotes chili paste to Prae, asks her to sell well, bang, rich, both brothers and sisters. I'm disappointed, I'm so disappointed, my mom Ann is so cute, the townspeople are tight, ugly, mommy an, etc.
View wedding celebration photos Ananda-Nat Nicha Sail to the event, bring your beloved children to witness|Congratulations to the newlyweds. Ananda Everingham, who has taken the bride's hand. Nicha Thanalongkorn Attend the wedding ceremony to officially start the couple's life. On the morning of February 19, 2023, on the evening of the same day, a wedding celebration was held at the Capella Hotel. THE IDEA OF THE NEWLYWEDS CAME FROM THEIR LIFESTYLE AND PERSONAL PREFERENCES. Ananda and Nat Nicha launched by sailing from the Chao Phraya River to the hotel's pier before bringing their dogs together. Like witnessing the couple's love, and kissing passionately with love, set against the backdrop of the imminent sunset. The atmosphere is extremely romantic and the event is full of fun. The friendliness of the guests There are elderly relatives as well as friends and sisters in both the fashion and entertainment industries. Thairath Entertainment Online Congratulations to the newlyweds.
Sun Ryu Boiling Post Don't take money to beat anyone to do things that others are not willing to do.|Earlier, the former young hero Ryu Sun Tangsawatdirat or Sun Ryu came out to talk about the difficult life. He has no family, is bipolar, and has to go to a flea market to save his life, but then a Facebook user posted claiming that he had made content that was depressing to make others pity. He warned but refused to listen, and Ryu responded in but finally let it pass. Sun Ryu posted another blow to Ryu Atith's personal Facebook page, saying, "Good morning on a bright Sunday, may only good things come in, bad things leave behind, we must move on. Quit it. I've never messed with you. girl rainwater Rennie and Mr. Ant (male) A group of people who, together with you, will try to discredit us, we never get stuck in anything. The money you have is to take care of yourself. Don't spend money on anyone's head, do things that others are not willing to do. I know it all and will be calm to forgive. Let's not become unnecessarily hostile. Even though I love it, I know it all, but if I don't let it pass, it will end in a puzzling way. OF COURSE, BOTH THE INNER CIRCLE, THE OUTER CIRCLE, THE 1ST WARNING."SPONSORED, WHICH AFTER HE POSTED, THERE WERE COMMENTS FROM NETIZENS, SUCH AS CALM, THE BEST, BROTHER RYU, WHAT HE DID, LET HIM DO IT, BECAUSE IN THE END, EVERYTHING HE DID FELL TO HIM. Diamonds, however, are diamonds, cannot be turned into gravel, clay, sand. In addition to ourselves to be willing to mingle with those things, brother Ryu, let it pass, be conscious of all the moments, mindfulness, mindfulness with the mind, take the work that we work or product reviews, etc. Personal matters don't drain a lot, will follow Ryu, etc.
Masha Wattanapanich doesn't close the love affair but doesn't think about remarrying (clip)|How much time has changed? But she's still beautiful, bang, never changing. For singer Masha Wattanapanich, who recently opened up on WOODY INTERVIEW about a love affair that is not closed but not overwhelmed. Let it be natural, but he didn't think about remarrying, updating his professional life, still thinking about music and wanting to do a new single. Especially LGBTQ children. How do you feel about this position he gave us?Masha: Actually, I don't know. I just knew that my music in those days was narrower than it is now. There are not many styles in Thailand. Because she was about 30 years old, she had fire, energy, and it was fun at the time, like Music Lover, eyelashes, anything to buy, think for yourself. In terms of music, I was involved because I was close to one of my brothers. Narongwit When I finished it, I felt that this song was cool. Cha wants to make music that is modern, because before, it was all slow. We wanted a song soon, so we sat down and talked. You know, when people hear Music Lover, it creeps up. From sitting like something possessed? : (laughs) Masha: I want to do it, I'm thinking about what I'm going to do, the world is changing so fast. Sometimes I'm confused about which way to go because of how fast technology is coming. We also don't use as many functions as phones have in the dimension of how we've been alone for years. Has anyone come into your life? Think of love as something we have enough. I can be alone, or I think if I had, I could have it?: Not for that many years (laughs). I've always said that if there is, if you find it, it's ok, it's not closed, and it's not anxious, it's just that it's natural.5-6 Did someone flirt with you last year? Because you're an introvert? Come in and talk to us more than usual or something, but I haven't found out that I'm flirting with her. I haven't seen anyone jump in so strongly that dating and getting married, is step still in our heads?: Never thought about that step. Because I feel like stepping is tricky. Let's say if you're going to talk about something or what's good for each other, it's hard to watch the clip.
Nag Charlie The post is jealous of having a good body, waist 23, making people even hate it (clip)|Many even consider him to be the most beautiful man with slender legs. For Nag Charlie Trairat, who previously showed off his slender and beautiful legs, many women were even jealous. In the clip, Nag said, "Stressed, please vent a little, and my waist is 23 now! The fact that we were born with beautiful legs is better than women, and then makes women feel embarrassed, jealous, I feel afraid, but it really can't do anything about my beautiful legs, my legs are slender. It's not about stressing or stressing, you just have to make up your mind that a guy like me is prettier than you. You guys have to make up your mind. I understand. You guys have to make up your mind. DON'T STRESS"SPONSORED AFTER NAG POSTED THE CLIP, MANY PEOPLE WHO FOLLOWED COULDN'T HELP BUT COMMENT THAT THEY HATED IT, AND YOU WILL BE STRONG FOR...' 5555 Hate the move, the cocky, the strong. Ginger put it early, Shi, 55555. Hate, let's make up our minds, 555, stressed, okay. It's not stressful, but it's always a patch.
Patricia Carrying your stomach in the snow in Japan, revealing cute moments, notes, wonderful, very wrapped baby.|It's a couple who never lose their sweetness. Plus, after the wedding, the sweetness multiplies even more. For a couple of Patricia The couple revealed the good news last Valentine's Day that there will be one new member, along with a clip in which Note takes his wife for an ultrasound of their children. This work tells me that the father is very proud of the baby. Note with Patricia In Japan, the cold weather was minus 4 degrees, and Patricia revealed a cute moment via Story IG. While shopping for clothes, I caught the eye of a fluffy white children's dress. In the clip, the father is smiling and smiling at the sight of the white boy. I can tell you that there are a lot of people who are very wrapped up in children. OF COURSE.SPONSORED
Tey Pongsakorn, a very high merit score, is a lucky fan, Jinyoung GOT7 reveals the secrets of Mu in full.|"2023 PARK JIN YOUNG FANCONCERT 'RENDEZVOUS' IN BANGKOK: Secret Meeting Between You and Me" by Korean artist Park Jin Young or Jin Young GOT7 was held on Saturday, February 18 and Sunday, February 19, 2023 at Union Hall 2, 6th Floor, Union Mall SPONSORED. Besides, Jinyoung will make good memories with the Akaze by singing. Answering exclusive questions in a friendly manner and speaking Thai for Akaze Thai is very pleasant. Another highlight to watch is that Jinyoung randomly picks up the lucky ones born in February on stage. To receive a special gift from the young singer's hand, Jinyoung randomly picks up a note stating the seat number of the young hero. Pongsakorn Mettarikanon Previously, Tey Pongsakorn had a very high merit score from the encounter. Jackson Wang, one of GOT7's members on "Singing Over the Wall," has arrived. This time, I was the lucky one again. The fans screamed as they came onto the stage. In addition to going in and holding hands and hugging Jinyoung. He also revealed the secret of mu that he finished praying Namo 3 and recited a spell to worship Ganesha, called Mu, very full-fledged. And Jinyoung has watched Young Tei many times as handsome.  SPONSORED and Tey himself posted a photo of him on stage against Jinyoung and wrote the caption "This merit point #parkjinyoung #parkjinyounginbkk2023 #rendezvousinbkk_day2".  
Chipmunk Arsiam Immediately after being struck with an arrogant face, not smiling.|Make a chipmunk Arsiam or a horn Boonyaphan must immediately clarify after being criticized by people that it is an arrogant person with a face that does not smile much. This work, chipmunks even said that they just realized it too. After looking at the photos in IGMA, there are usually only photos taken in front of the same angle, and there are not many smiling photos. Chipmunk posted a photo of his face full of bright smiles and wrote the caption, "Since I saw the comments, I thought about it, he said that the horn looks arrogant with a firm face, because I don't see any smiling pictures at all, so I scrolled through the same angles all the time, so I scrolled through the ig and realized that uh... Smiling I'm really very little thanks to Sprite for this set photo. She said, laughing. I look a little bright, smile a lot, like I'm very happy!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Beau Chakpan be serious The evidence against the ex-girlfriend unfolded, causing it to be discredited.|From the case of the drama knot that the teenage actors informed were born from the Y Beau series. Chakphan Putta, a screenwriter who is an ex-girlfriend, made negative claims that he had been heavily criticized, which Bue himself issued a press release to open up about the case by confirming that what he said was sincere and saying all honesty, and announced his retirement from Be On Cloud. After being exposed to negative behavior in the past, it became heavily criticized on social media, causing discredit and affecting his job tomorrow. Tuesday, February 21, 2023 2:00 p.m. Chakpan Putta with Mr. Ranakrit Sripremhathai will present all documents and evidence to the parties at the Criminal Court (Ratchada), Ratchadapisek Road, to show his innocence and seek justice.
Chek Chananruj Clarification: Rumors have stripped the Y series hero because he has a child and wife.|After the famous entertainment news host. Post a strong message like lightning strike the hero of series Y. Because adults caught having a wife and having a child, it became a hot trend in the social world, and young actor Chek Chananruj Sirasit, who is going to have a house of stars "Y series of betrayal" on Channel One 31, was linked to the news. His wife posted a message asking for sympathy from the hot topic and confirmed that it would be released at a press conference soon. On the afternoon of February 20, 2023, Chek Chananruj and his wife, accompanied by Lawyer Tui Pornsak Vipasapanon opened up about the issue at Lertthip Wanghin (pickled egg sea crab) Ladprao Wanghin 70, where he opened up about it, saying, "The source of this news is that anyway, there is news that the hero of the Y series has been released. The reason is because an adult caught hiding a child tucked into his wife. It's the real release of the hero. But the reason why the adults caught them sucking their wives. That's not true, because I've always been open since I signed the contract. THE CAMP HAS ALWAYS BEEN AWARE OF IT," SPONSORED AT THE BEGINNING WITH THE INITIALS. "I know because I was actually sacked, but when I read the text in the news, it wasn't true, so I wanted to make a statement here." This one isn't true? "Yes," but why was he discharged? "I don't know either, but it's really news, I know that I, my wife and children are damaged, the camp is also damaged, so I want to clarify." "We'll have to wait and see," we knew we weren't playing the hero. 1 day before the service, is it correct?check "Correct"What is the reason? "Uh... (looking at the lawyer)", the lawyer "It's really an internal matter of the company that he's talking to you, so we're going to have to talk to the company again. "We thought that having a family and that we were going to play the series, it had an effect?, "But he actually knew from the beginning, so I asked him if he would let me out, but he said he was ok." "My feelings were bad because I spent a long time preparing for the role of the hero, but when this happened, I don't know how the news came out like this." "Actually, I have already asked the camp, but I have not received any response from the camp, for the last 3-4 days, I am worried because my wife and children, especially the children, are going to school. If the child finds out about this kind of false news, it could have an impact on his mind in the future." I've looked at the details of the contract to a certain extent, and it's probably about the conditions to talk about whether the camp can accept it and if he can accept it." The netizens appreciated it because we had already painted a clear picture from the beginning? "Thank you so much, from the first time fans to the new fans. Thank you for believing in us. "Thank you to everyone for understanding and sympathizing with us, but now there is a backlash back to the camp, which I don't want him to be damaged, because he already knew it from the beginning. So I'm worried," the camp said, "Did the camp know that a statement would take place?" "If the news footage goes out, I believe the company should know (does that mean they haven't spoken to him about the announcement?). Yes, sir," there are no lawsuits at the moment, right?" In litigation, we haven't looked at it yet, so we need to see what the contract says. The terms we talked about and the conditions of the camp, what are the conditions of the camp, we have to negotiate again", in the contract, does it specify what role we will play, what role?" That's one of the reasons, but I'm learning this. In law If there is an agreement with the actors on which role to play. In law, he will interpret it in intent, rather than the text of the contract. I learned this first. This is one of the conditions that we would go in and talk about: "Is this a change of character before the day of worship, is it considered guilty?", the lawyer "is that the company would see that he is not guilty, since he claims from the contract, but really, as I learned: 1. the feelings of the actor, 2. the beginning of what he was supposed to play, and there was no change until the day of the sacrifice. "The details of the contract don't say that, but the fact that I talked to him is that the management knows your status." Let me see if there are any cases that we can't really accept and will consider prosecuting that part." Can I prosecute? "If we look at the evidence and it doesn't work, we wouldn't do it, but if something is clear and we can prove it, then I have to take action. If he is damaged, especially to children, "Check "You have to look at the evidence"What is your state of mind right now?" I actually brought my painting (wife) today because I wanted everyone to know that I wasn't hiding. I want him to confirm it again." When I learned that the cheque had been discharged, I was shocked. "Pity because I've always been with him and I see that he's very determined. Do we think that having a family makes it harder to work in the entertainment industry? "It's hard, I understand that at this point in time I can't really do anything about it, but we've already talked to the camp about whether we have this, and if we withdraw, will it be ok, but he gave us the answer that he's ok, so I took on the role from the beginning." "The two of us were stressed from day one, but we always encouraged each other, especially the kids. He encouraged us," assuming there was no news today. If one day someone asks us, how do we respond? "In the past, I never hidden. On Instagram, I revealed. In his I.G., there is a picture of me and a picture of a child. The picture he has, and he's gone around without hiding," the wife recently posted a story, too? "I feel like we're new here, and I want everyone to sympathize, so if something goes wrong, I want to sympathize with us." "We don't look at it as a mistake, but we just look at it at this point, the camp or the adults. "Lawyers "It's partly because in today's statement, we see that there are some pages written on the company's side, there's a reason, if in the business section, it's understandable. Part of the contract The intent that you agree with part of the actor is to talk to each other, but to check him out like this, it's all of a sudden. And the company hasn't come forward to clarify. This is the confusion that has arisen."At first we got the hero role. What's the chapter now?check "In the clip that day at the bandwagon, I said that I am a secret character because he hasn't had a script for me yet." "Our family is very grateful to everyone who understands and sympathizes and is ready to support us." "Thank you for believing in my family from the beginning, for the fans who just pressed Fallow, I promise to answer every message, thank you." "If there's a chance..."
Um Lakkhana reveals beautiful pictures Disney Sisters I'm almost 4 years old.|It's been a beautiful thing since I was a kid. The daughter of a sexy actress, Um Lakkhana and Bal Krishna, saw it and couldn't tell. When my parents posted a picture of me, my aunt and uncle on social media commented on how cute they were, and Um Lakkhana posted a picture of her Disney in a cute moment, revealing her childish beauty.  HE WROTE, "OH HUANG LA, 3 YEARS, 10 MONTHS OLD, 5 YEARS OLD, GROWING UP A LITTLE SLOWLY, BABY, THE BEAUTIFUL MAN OF MA #mydisneybabygirl". It's so cute, you see, it's a horse. etc
Big Dreams Heartfelt comments After Ginny Juthapak My daughter was asked by her boyfriend to marry her.|It is another good story in the family life of the singer, actress, big dream, good dream, Charayathanakorn after Ginny Juthapak. Daughter has been asked by her boyfriend outside the industry to marry her in a romantic atmosphere. It's been good news since the beginning of the bunny year, with Ginny's Instagram @jinnyyjtp posting a photo of her when she was asked to marry. The ring worn on Ginny's left ring finger was clearly visible. When big dad, good dreams, and seeing the picture, he made a heartfelt comment to his daughter, saying, "May happiness and beauty happen to me and Bhimna, Daddy and mom love me so much", and Ginny replied "Dearest love" and put a heart emoji on Lek's wife, Bo Sunita. Dream den has commented "Nong Jinnonn" and put heart emojis in a row, as well as other people in the entertainment industry who came to congratulate, such as Baitoey Suvapich, Ryu Wachirawit, etc.
"Belle Monya" gets hit by "Win" Valentine's surprise, a chic pre-wedding in a school uniform from friend to soul mate.|Just passed. "Valentine's Day" is sweet, but Belle-Monya wedge is stable. Former member of Girly Berry Back to Win-Indhara Her boyfriend plans to surprise her by hiding a large bouquet of flowers in the trunk of her car. When everything changed to the second voice, and released a sweet pre-wedding photo before the wedding day of March 5, 2023 at Ob Ratchaphruek, the bell girl said about Valentine's Day this year that is more special than every year..."This year is heavy. Win will not be in the festivities, whether it is a new year or a birthday, want to get something to tell you to make it right. As for Valentine's Day, he said he didn't book a restaurant. Because they feel like they take good care of us every day, we don't want anything special, great, or too much. Just Belle went shopping for Seven for Daddy and the horse. Now he's happy, Vin said, no, it's a big deal. The man created a scene of a fight, and finally secretly bought flowers to put in the back of the car. I bought him shoes because I like to wear them, it's the first year he surprised me, went to buy flowers before Valentine's Day, and ordered about 50 shoes, and about 20 pairs of shoes. But in everyday life, wearing it until it rots, he has to steal it and throw it away, so he buys many colors. I'm going to share it with people at home because it's the same size as the whole house. Thank you so much, I'm doing well this year (laughs)." "He always filmed the clip, at first Belle was flinched, these shoes weren't Belle's, so when he changed his expression, his voice changed... Do we have any surprises? "Yes, it's a rose and buy him chocolate because he's a sweet guy who likes to eat sweets, this year we feel rushed, there's very little time to prepare for him because we have to prepare for the wedding, it's a bigger thing." The bell dress is really a real dress of Assumption Thonburi, the embroidery badge of the school really took that one to wear, just win's can't find the dress, the belt won't be, the other one is a mickey mouse dress. It means because it's a wedding dress. There was a shoot at the studio and a photo shoot at Ob. That day was busy all day, Vin cooperated well, but there was some shyness, the camera counted 5-4-3, smiling at all, but Vin smiled until the corners of his mouth were square, there was tension, but okay, he cooperated well. The pictures come out like that, look at each other, smile at each other. They don't look at each other's eyes, but spew the wind because they do whatever it takes to distract the other person, they will tease each other, not a sweet couple constantly beating each other because they are friends, have known each other since 4th grade, and then "Update the wedding, prepare to go", about 90 percent every day, because there is always something to fill. There is a Thai and Chinese ceremony. There is watering conch. Raise tea, flock to khan mak because Win is Thai. There's a little bit of Chinese crescent, we have to base it on both," bridesmaids say. Nanny-Gifty-Gibsa and Yui-Napapa In addition to that, friends outside the industry can be tied together. About 10 people, but a lot of groom's friends, 12 people"SPONSORED, after the wedding, will there be any children? "I still want to have a house, I'm going to make a new house for him, and he wants to have a baby, but maybe I need to go to the readiness check first. Are we missing or need to fill something so we don't have to worry?"
Ji Chang-wook, the hottest Korean hero Preparing to return to the girls of Ukja in 6 years|Grand Prix International Public Company Limited, the organizer of BANGKOK INTERNATIONAL MOTOR SHOW, a national giant for more than 44 years, is preparing to create a special project "Grand Prix Xpectrum, Experience in All Colors" to expand its wings into the Sport & Entertainment business, which is one of the company's five new business strategies. Ji Chang Wook or Uk-ja (the name used by Thai fans to refer to the artist) is one of the top 10 most valuable heroes in Korea and has 23 million followers on IG. After more than 6 years of waiting, Ji Chang-wook has visited many countries including Japan, the Philippines and Indonesia, where he has been warmly welcomed by fans. Most recently, he was on his way to meet his fans. The 2023 JI CHANG WOOK FAN MEETING <REACH YOU> in BANGKOK will be held on Saturday, April 8, 2023 at 6:00 p.m. at Royal Paragon Hall, 5th floor, Siam Paragon SPONSORED, so everyone is ready to book tickets on Saturday, March 4, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. www.thaiticketmajor.com onwards. Thais get up close and personal with all the seats, including high-buys and many random privileges, including attending press conferences, autographed posters, and taking Group Photos with Ukcha. Ji Chang-wook prepares to give to fans Thais at the event will also be eligible to win the exclusive Xpectrum Jackpot, which is a new dimension of the industry that the organizers give exclusively to Uqja fans. As for what's going on...wait for the chance to win, follow each other through all grandprix Xpectrum social media channels including Facebook / Instagram: @GrandPrixXpectrum and Twitter: @GPxectrum. GIVE ME A LITTLE HINT THAT IT'S REALLY BIG AND PRESTIGIOUS GODFATHER OF BANGKOK INTERNATIONAL MOTOR SHOW!!!
"I HATE MONDAY" Listen to the sentence to quit?!|I HATE MONDAY from GMM GRAMMY's White Music Group consists of 5 members: Yayee–Pattamon Promopakarn (vocals), Nino–Nattanai Khamcharoen (guitar), Mick–Phetphum Phetkaew (guitar solo), Ford–Thoranin Wilailak (bass) and Ping-Phatrakorn Thanapaksivakarn (drums) recently submitted a new single that people must be hurt with the song "Sentence to Quit" by Yayee, saying, "For the song, the termination sentence started from us getting answers from many people who were terminated. Some dismissal sentences can be embedded in the listener's sense. In the end, it's better to just say no to love than the musical part of the song with a real guitar sound. Real drums I want it to be as simple and natural as possible. This song is a representation and encouragement to those who have been terminated. I want you to get through the time you have to be alone." FOLLOW MV ON FACEBOOK : WHITE MUSICRECORD AND YOUTUBE : OFFICIALWHITE MUSIC.SPONSORED
"Bele Pathumraj" opposite "Chalot" via MV "Brother" Win Jinfinver February 23|Even if it's a different pair from a different industry. But they work together perfectly. Between the handsome young icon modern Isan "Bele Pathumraj R Siam" (Sun Somnoi) and the beautiful girl "Charlotte Austin" who has the 5th runner-up degree of Miss Grand Thailand 2022 and Miss Grand Chumphon 2022. Release images and trailers for new music videos. "Brother" that Young Bele intends to compose both the song and the melody. Shalotte joins the story of feeling more than just a brother in MV until a fan commented, teasing that it is a couple with chemistry, preparing to pin down to watch the new MV. Thursday, February 23 at RsiamMusicSPONSORED YouTube "I had a chance to meet Charlot, and at one event, Shalot asked me, 'Do you have a song for me to play MV with you?' When you look at social media, you'll see a lot of stories like this. There are many people who like to post about whether love to die is just a brother, or good deeds to die, in the end, he sees only as a brother. I spent a lot of time composing the song 'Brother'. It took about 15 minutes to complete, so I want everyone to listen to it." MV trailer "Brother" artist Bele Pathumraj R.Siam >> https://bit.ly/3jZfPtT
Too much patience. Open the picture in front of the ball. SialBlue for the first time.|After the fans Long demanded that I want to see my face. SialBlue Sky Duval Son of Pumpui Panthipa and Gwint Duval, who Pumpui had previously said that this caused them to think very hard and give priority to the basic rights that children would receive from their caregivers. You can express your feelings. Mother Pum Pui has already revealed the face of The Blue Brother and wrote a short caption: "Beyond patience." This event attracted fans who followed to like and send hearts and comments praising the handsomeness of SPONSOREDSPONSORED SPONSORED A LOT OF PEOPLE, ALL OF WHOM SAY THAT THEY ARE HANDSOME, VERY CUTE, AND LOOK EXACTLY LIKE DAD GWINT.
Trending cast actor "Gradually Love STEP BY STEP" collaboration 2 partners|Just opening the casting makes social media almost collapse. When 2 partners Dee Hup House by Young Boss-Anusorn together with Justin Sotang Kur and UP-Phumpat from JUSTUP joined forces to host the series "Gradually Love STEP BY STEP" that is set to hit the screens this year, the latest surprise debut of the main cast has become a trend. Man-Thraishnu as Cool, Ben-Banyapon as Pat, Up-Phumpat as Put, Win-Theeramet as Put. Jane, Saint-Parmi as Jab, Bruce- Sirikorn as Choti, Kenji-Vasin as To, Poppy-Ratchapong as Khanun, Sozo-Natanan as Eh, Ah Tui-Putchad as Ying and Praew-Hassaya as Nan guaranteed with the work directed by Tee-Pundit, stay tuned at Dee Hup House and all channels soon. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
"Beam-oy" is near the day my child goes to school, and I realize that I can't make up my mind yet. I want to go to the fence island to see my child.|Update on family life with rising members, father of 4 children, Beam-Kawee, Tanjarak, Kuang, Mae Aoi- Atiporn, with twins. Mr. Theer-Peir joined the launch of the Coway Water Purifier Campaign "Just Drink, Really?" at Central World Shopping Center. Revealing parents lost their hearts after twins Brother Theer-Peir is close to school and updates on the upbringing of the twin girls and the family skirmish, starting with the children now coming towards the father. "It doesn't feel like he's going to grow up to be an artist, just feels like he's going to enjoy how he expresses himself, like it's a development where he remembers the lyrics. He sings to the beat, he can dance. I remember the pose"Beam"No, I don't want everyone to expect it. At the event, customers want their father to sing with their children, which sometimes they can't. He didn't go up, but he ran up on his own." "Oh, standing downstairs shooting a video is a surprise that you can do this?" The teacher said he was ok," "We had a preliminary preparation for him, but I don't know where he was in Kindergarten 1. He may have been a bit distracted, so we win." Beam "I don't know if he knows he has to go to school. But I already said that I'm going to have a lot of friends," he said, "I'm not going to tell him not to cry. I'll say positively that I'll have a lot of friends. The teacher is kind, go to school and read the book, and let him have fun." Symptoms of heaviness At first we thought we wouldn't cry, the kid was just going to school, but when we actually met him, we felt like our child had grown up a step further. He hasn't been with us for 24 hours now, it's starting to get a little further away. As a mother, I feel that my child is away from my chest. One day I'll go to the girls. "Who do you think is heavier? "Now I think I'm going to be a mom who's going to go to school," Beam said, "I think every development we have to adapt to him, we learn with him, we prepare ourselves, we go to school and the house has to be very quiet. I've only studied for half a day, I've been home for lunch, and I'm not sure how to be sad." He gets along very well. He can play with two people without wanting anything. Adults don't have to interfere at all, so it makes raising 2 more daughters feel easier because they are old enough to play with each other." Beam "Separately, only at night, I slept with my son, I slept with my daughter, but it was close, I thought if I slept together, it would be fun." "It's just a matter of working more and the team is still using the same amount. "I slept less, but I couldn't say less because I was a kid and I slept around here. As he grew older, we slept longer, but now we repeat ourselves, but once he starts eating, we'll be more comfortable." "It's not that women are easier to raise than men, maybe because we have experiences. But if it is, before we stressed about whether it was something or not. It's not stressful now. I can't stop crying, I feel like I'm not as stupid, or because I know the way, I'm comfortable." "It doesn't help (laughs)." "Sometimes he's lying together in the room, when he sings, he'll run and tell Ma'am, he's singing, this can help, or he can call for a bottle like this. If you let him help you raise your brother. HE WILL HAVE A BOND WITH HIS BROTHER, HE WILL HAVE LOVE, HE WILL LOVE EACH OTHER IS THE BEST", DO YOU HAVE A DEMAND THAT YOUR PARENTS STAY WITH YOU TOO MUCH? At first, I was afraid that I would have the same time for him. But there was no sense that he demanded any love, or that he was divided in the first place, or playing together, and when we were raising babies, we were already raising them together. He will run around and see you, and we don't want to touch you. I want a hug, I want to do it, "Is there a mom in the drama in the live that she's only shooting girls? "Oh, yes. Woman, he still can't run. He's here, his parents are tired of running after him all day. When we lived, we sat idly by. When someone is alive, we shake the camera there, there will be Peir a little more often, because he will run to him. As for Theer, he probably went to read the book alone, we didn't walk to shoot".
June Natasha holds the Muay Thai symbol for Dubai to spread Thainess to the world.|Fly to Dubai, the largest city in the United Arab Emirates. Renowned for its economy and financial wealth, the boys are fascinated by the beauty and charm of June Natasha Manisuwan.  The film heroine from The Haunted Forest plays opposite Nag Charlie and the owner of the single Boys Don't Cry. To promote the good image of Thailand's tourism to the world. Especially in the wealthy city of Dubai, where June brought Muay Thai pants. A precious Muay Thai statue was presented. June Natasha revealed, "Coming to Dubai is very worthwhile, it fits the word billionaire's city. The more the road is, the more orderly it is. As for the business here, it is really wealthy because most of the people here or tourists have purchasing power. There's money being spent, people are actually spending money, so we see a lot of business here.  SPONSORED, OVERALL, IS CONSIDERED TO MATCH THE TASTES THAT TUNING LIKES. Come to Dubai this time, June always has a flag in mind that no matter where we are in the world, we have to make good contributions. This dubai is also to spread Thai culture and exchange our Thai culture more deeply in the world. It promotes culture and stimulates international tourism and strengthens international friendship relationships, and June doesn't want cultural conflicts to occur with any nation. Our intention is only to drive and stimulate the international economy both in terms of tourism and the general economy, because Thailand has a beautiful culture and natural resources that are as precious as any nation. It can be another force that will drive the Thai economy very well. When money enters the country, the GDP of the gross national economy will improve. Merchants earn more. The quality of life has also improved, respectively. I think that's after the reopening of the country due to covid. June sees this issue as not as anyone's agenda, but as a national agenda that needs to be helped as much as possible when the opportunity presents itself.  Because the gym he also teaches Muay Thai, Thai boxing is a big, comprehensive and very standard gym, all the good boxing teachers are in the center of Dubai, it is a high-so gym for us because it is in a luxurious building in Dubai, we are very pleased that he loves the art of Muay Thai, both international and Thai. Muay Thai has entered the Olympics and has entered the Guinness Book of World Records to pay homage to the world's largest Muay Thai teacher. Although we are Thais, I am very pleased with this, I hope that all Thai people are also delighted. Because I want to spread Thai culture like Muay Thai to more foreign eyes.  And we chose a gym that teaches Muay Thai because we want to thank you for liking Muay Thai and we want to spread it. He likes the boxing pants that Tune brings to him. WE TOLD HIM THAT FROM THAI ORIGINAL IS MUAY THAI PANTS, OUR HOUSE IS REALLY BEAUTIFUL, SO HE LOOKED VERY PRECIOUS, SPONSORED HE ASKED IF I REALLY WANT TO GIVE HIM BECAUSE IT LOOKS SO PRECIOUS, WE ARE VERY IMPRESSED, JUNE TOLD JUNE PARTNER IN DUBAI THAT I WANT TO GO TO A BOXING CAMP OR GYM WHERE MUAY THAI IS TAUGHT, WE WILL GIVE HIM MUAY THAI ITEMS, IT APPEARS THAT MUAY THAI HAS ALMOST EVERY GYM IN DUBAI. That means he loves Muay Thai. Seriously, because there are always boxing matches. I know that foreigners already know a certain level of Muay Thai.  And the boxing coach used to attend muay thai camps in Chiang Mai for several days. He told me that he liked it a lot. I love Thailand, so I smile on behalf of Thai people. June chose to spread our Thai culture whenever she had the opportunity. This time, they took something from Thailand with a stick to give to foreign countries like Dubai residents. Thai culture gives foreigners a deep tangible. He will want to visit Thailand in order to stimulate the international economy and connect good relations between the countries to the next level, so we want him to remember Thailand in a beautiful picture and a good friendship with the world. The culture and resources of Thailand will be a link for the world to grow friendships with us because June sees Thailand as having a culture and resources that are as beautiful as any other nation.  Whether it's a temple. Natural resources, tourist attractions such as the world's beautiful sea. After reopening the country post-COVID, we see this as a good opportunity for us to resume the international economy because the aftermath of tourists coming to Thailand is the result of making money. The vendors will be bustling again. When people in the country earn more. People's lives are also getting better. June, as a Thai, may not be a very big mouthpiece. It takes all Thai people to spread the culture and tourist attractions so that they come to Thailand a lot whenever they have the opportunity."
Pok-Margie reveals that Grandpa Suttikiat, the ultimate spoiler of grandchildren, ordered a playground from China. |I'm starting to grow up as a young girl. The twins of Pok Passornkorn and Margie Rasri are few months away. Both kids will be 4 years old and time will pass really fast. On the run, Pok and Margie said that Grandpa Suttikiat Jirathiwat was very kind to the playground for his grandchildren. I don't really play on the playground. And because of COVID-19, I feel that it is not safe, and the children playing with it make me very careful, so I don't want to play. Because we have quite a lot of space in the house and there is space left, I talked to my dad about whether I would like to have a playground for my grandchildren. When relatives come or even friends or teachers of children can invite each other to play at home, they order them to come in from China. Pok and Margie then showed them toys, including slides to train their leg muscles, swings, Spider-Man nets, and sand pits.
jah nongpanee Heavy vigilance Singing well, having a loud bang, running around quickly (clip)|This period has caused a lot of vigilance from the artists because since the story in front of the stage with famous singers such as Joey Phuvasit, Eh Jirakorn, etc., there has been a question of the safety of the artists during the stage. At this event, singers who go to sing at various locations need to be more vigilant, including country singers. Jae Nongpanee, interior minister, who has a tight singing queue and has experienced many incidents in front of the stage, can't help but be suspicious either. Like the last time he went to sing on one of the stages, but when the show started, there was a bang!! Panicked, he immediately ran to the side of the stage before realizing that the sound was from a power failure, which he posted a clip and wrote: "Since the news of the singer has come across something strange, I have been wary of it. Today I sing, the lights are on stage. The sound was very loud, so I ran over (I think the sound of gunfire). Thank you for the clip from the fans in front of the stage. At first I thought I was a singer. I'm a runner"SPONSORED Among the comments from fans such as It's Fast, Haunted, Go With You, Uh Oh, Safe, Who's Pretending To You..., There's always cuteness and hilarity, mom stampede, etc.
Nat Kesarin holds a kitchen opening show, posing to straddle the pot, each shot is very sassy (clip)|There is really no such thing as sexy actress Nat Kesarin Chaichalermpol, because there is a sexy spicy that makes the boys tremble all the time. In addition to the dress that zap. The poses have been doubled by the fire. Nat Kesarin posted a hot clip of her posing with a slithering waist and a dress that she wore as a sexy mother. The upper part has only a small sash. On February 26, we will open our home to a Thai-style kitchen on the YouTube channel "NatkejsarinChannel" on the show "Open-chest kitchen". SPONSORED, COMMENTS FROM FANS HAVE TALKED ABOUT THE SEXY BEAUTY OF THIS CLIP IN FULL, SUCH AS WHAT PEOPLE ARE SEXY, STILL THE SAME, SEXY CRUSHING, SUPER JAR, FC FOREVER, ETC. YINGSAK EVEN COMMENTED THAT "BABY!!! HIT ME DEAD, WHAT DO YOU DO IN YOUR MOTHER'S KITCHEN? I'll answer my mom's call tomorrow....die...die...die", before Nat replied, "555.
Bogie Lion Series Review Put it up, the concert begins to escalate, should dress beautifully (clip)|Make social boils. After having a clip of the singer Bogie Lion or Bogie Pichsini. Chang Cold Brew Cool Club presents BOWKYLION LANTA CONCERT on TikTok app, which is a clip of Bogie wearing a singing costume on stage. There were many netizens who commented on the singer's dress, such as, "The dress can't escalate anymore, the actual escalation of the dress has gone a long way, I who didn't get into the dress train, saw the dress at first glance, thought that the heroine Lige, the Isaan voice, sang a bogey. This dress doesn't go through, it's getting weird, it's just enough, it's beautiful, it's too beautiful, it's back first, it's too cute, it's ok, it's selling sound, right?" LIKE, DRESSED AT BOGEYS BUT PUSHING OTHER PEOPLE'S HEADS, LIKE, LIKE THAT TODAY HE DID WHAT HE LOVED, AND TODAY IS HIS DAY".SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Fat Return Post a picture Mok kong, kneeling in front of his girlfriend. People are skeptical or there will be good news.|Organize a flight trip to Vietnam For Fat Return THE FAMOUS HOST AND ACTOR Mok kong sornwit suboon, who also wielded his girlfriend to join the trip, and each posted pictures of the happy atmosphere to his personal IG. Return Post a photo that has made many people win with a picture that is foggy. He knelt in front of his girlfriend, similar to a marriage proposal, and the fat man wrote a short caption saying "puzzled" and tagged it to ig foggy.  The people who saw the pictures were also puzzled. I don't know if this picture is just kneeling or kneeling to propose, but this picture has a story.
Tan ball Arisa is wearing a sexy bikini.|I've been moving to America for years. For the young villain, Saeb, the eyeball. Arisa Ville, who regularly updates her personal instagram updates to her fans, also revealed her feat. It's another sexy girl in the industry and the latest. Tan ball Arisa splashes her head once again with a bright yellow striped bikini swimsuit. The upper part saw the fullness of the eyes, the lower part was very fiery to the mother, because it was so concave that it made the boys tremble. The caption "I just wanted to drop this here to say 'yellow'" includes a photo of her swimming in a red bikini. Show off your perfect puppet SPONSORED    Among the comments were heart-wrenching emojis, saying that the dress was really sexy, etc.
Beau Chakrapan, trembling voice, asks to prove the truth, yan is not dating, being threatened by the other party to destroy the reputation (clip)|From the case of teenage actor Beau Chakpan Putta, who was informed of the Y series KinnPorsche The Series, was attacked by his ex-girlfriend, who is a screenwriter, for his negative behavior during their relationship. It became heavily criticized today (February 21, 2023). Chakrapan, together with his lawyer, presented all documents and evidence to the parties at the Criminal Court (Ratchada), Ratchadapisek Road, to show his innocence and request for justice, along with clarifying all the details that happened. Damages are sought after this evidence submitted by Buu. It is believed that it can prove its innocence. The court appointed a month. The court will send a summons to the parties to tell them there is evidence. The wounds are thought to be not empirical evidence. Otherwise, he has to sue us before the social media section, where the comments cause damage. The lawyers will take action in all cases, which have already been carried out, some of the cases have already been filed. I don't think I'm going to have to file a lawsuit against anyone today. I don't think that's going to happen to me. As for what I want to clarify, it is physical abuse. Never insist, never do, never think. There hasn't been that kind of behavior since childhood. It's really about playing with each other, which we've been playing like since then, like a clip of a back shuffle at the time, or a clip pulling an arm like it's going to push down a building. If that one hurts, this one doesn't try to kill? I didn't realize he was pregnant, but I knew the date they ended their relationship. He said he had an abortion. If he's actually pregnant. I agree, let's take care of my unborn child. Asked if I believed it, I was a bit skeptical, and he said he didn't care, I couldn't believe 100% of the property had been returned and there was evidence. About 10 million, not that amount. It's back. I have refunded every time. I don't understand what this is for. Now I'm waiting for a subpoena, which I haven't received yet. I asked for an end, but he refused. I feel like a karakasan problem, I'm afraid of intimidation, I'm actually scared. He said he would expose everything, would tell everyone that we were dating, that there would be consequences, that there would be consequences. At that time, I was in a state of going to go, I wasn't going to stay, I was tortured after having a point of not asking for contact in any way, which should be the case, because I didn't see that it would get better. I used to call. Confirm my innocence, that I didn't. I tried my best (trembling voice), which he said I believed, but I survived, for my own sake, so I made a point of regret and asked if I was dead. Not so, because I still have loved ones. I have to move on to the future of the industry. I can't look at it, but I'll try to fix the past for what I've done wrong. I want to tell everyone to criticize me in a rational way, the damage has already been assessed. The mind doesn't feel good. If your life is ruined, there are still families who are encouraging (crying). Negotiations are always ready. Adjust the understanding Like karma that has been done together, finally thank you to all the fans. Thank you to the camp for supporting me even after leaving the camp, I still don't leave me. If there is an opportunity, promise to do your best. THANK YOU TO EVERYONE FOR YOUR ENCOURAGEMENT.SPONSORED
I'm pregnant with June Chonrudee. The heroine of the famous channel announces the good news, preparing to be a mother of red banners. |After the young heroine from Channel 8, June Chonrudee. Amornlak took the hand of businessman Deng Phipusn's boyfriend to the wedding gate on December 4, 2022, and both June and Deng went on a honeymoon trip to several places to sweeten each other today, February 21, 2023. I'm speechless" amid cheers from many people in the entertainment industry such as Joy Sirilak, Fluk Jira, May Nattapat, Thanya Arsiam, etc. sponsored by June Chonrudee. "I'm very happy, very surprised, it's a good story for the beginning of the year, we both used natural methods, and today I decided to check it out, it appears that the result is double, initially June still has no allergies, but I have already consulted the doctor, the doctor said that maybe I may have to watch another week or two, maybe there will be nausea and vomiting. Thank you so much to all of you for joining June and Deng. Thank you so much to all of you who have come to congratulate June and Deng. Thank you so much for reading all the comments, thank you very much." Congratulations to my parents. June girl and young Deng too.
Peggy Sridanya reveals why her husband's 1 million is better than losing to the host bar.|It's called full-fledged. For singer Saiha Peggy Srithanya, who previously recorded a surprise clip of her husband, Mr. Mustache. Tagore with 1 million baht cash as a birthday gift. Peggy: The fans have asked him a lot about what we give her husband, we don't know what to give him back, I gave him 1,000,000 baht when I returned to Thailand. After returning to Thailand, my fan wrote, "Don't cheat on Tagore, we must die with integrity." So we made a clip for the fans to see that we really gave it to the grown-ups and we didn't cheat. People say things and do that, which we've already given. SPONSOREDPEGGY: He's happy because he's working hard for us. People don't know is not knowing, but if people don't know, they'll say here that if you're going to comment in a bad direction to Mr. Mustache, we're sorry because he works for us a lot. If you don't have a backyard that fights us like this, you can't fight the audience. It's not fun to work at all, it's called pleasant because I have a husband who is good at supporting everything. Flirting isn't flirting, it's all cute that you mustache can take care of for Peck. Make everything a good manager and Prasertsri can do. Madam: Make a side dish to eat, drive a car, take care of everything, and show it up sometimes Peggy: Not every time, because now I have to show it to every show. He'll have to help each other, and he'll be a couple of times more tired than us. My husband's name is the same as both of us, Mr. Prasert (laughs). Our husbands are good. Our husband is good. Our husbands are cute, and we show off. To show off is to glorify the good. But when giving money, people have to ask why they want to give money, because we want to announce to the world that we want to give money. It's better to pay a husband than to take money to pay a host bar man. We're proud, so we want to show off, and we want our husbands to know that we give it to him, not just let him work. EXPLOITING HIM WITHOUT GIVING ANYTHING IS CONSIDERED A SHOW-OFF SCHEME.
Elaborate Yip Buu Chakrapan reveals the reason for tampering with evidence against the parties, unfolding the knot to discredit (clip)|From the case of teenage actor Beau Chakpan Putta, who was informed of the Y series KinnPorsche The Series, was attacked by his ex-girlfriend, who is a screenwriter, for his negative behavior during their relationship. It became heavily criticized today (February 21, 2023). Chakrapan with Advocate Ranakrit Sriprem All documents and evidence were filed against the parties at the Criminal Court (Ratchada), Ratchadapisek Road, to show their innocence and request for justice, along with clarifying all the details of what happened in the prosecution. What do you want to see? I feel weird because I never thought in my life that I would have to file a lawsuit against anyone from the whole story, what do we have to clarify? I didn't. I never thought about physically harming him because I hadn't behaved like that since I was a kid. In fact, it's about playing with each other, me and him have been playing like this for a long time since we became friends. When we were in a relationship, we still played like this, for example, a video clip of me putting my hand behind his back that we actually played, and another video where he pulled my arm like he was pushing me into a building. IF THE FIRST CLIP SAYS IT'S AN ASSAULT, THEN THIS ONE DOESN'T QUALIFY AS AN ATTEMPTED MURDER OR NOT, SO I FEEL FUNNY. If there's a day, I'm playing too hard with him. I'm going to apologize to him about getting pregnant. I never knew he was pregnant. I found out when I asked to end my relationship with him. He came to tell me that he had already had an abortion. But if he's actually pregnant, I agree. Let me take care of his unborn child. Even if I break up with him or I don't love him at all, I'm willing to accept the child in his belly, do we believe in this that he's pregnant? I don't want to believe 100% in terms of the property that the woman has come out to reclaim and I have the evidence, which has already been submitted to the lawyer, and in the matter of the source of my 10 million, not that amount, of course. I admit that I actually borrowed his money and returned it, as well as the items he gave me without request. The money was transferred into my account and it was transferred back. I transferred him back every time. I don't understand what he wants to do this for, but we have to wait for him to answer for himself, how confident we are in the evidence presented today?Lawyer: From the evidence that Mr. Bue brought, it is all empirical evidence, it is weighty and complete information. It is believed that the innocence of Buu can be proved. Now that the court had scheduled an appointment in May, the parties had quite clear social evidence. Lawyer: In my opinion, some of the evidence is not empirical evidence. It still weighs quite a bit. Otherwise, he would have sued us before: I haven't received a subpoena from him yet, I've been waiting, waiting from that day until today, I haven't received a subpoena. Now I'm waiting for him to answer the truth. Now I'm very ready for the problem of dating, is it true? I'm not dating. I even asked to end my relationship with him during that time, but he refused to end it, and it made me feel like it was this kind of karakasan problem because I was afraid that he would intimidate, and I admit that I was really scared. He always told me. Let me believe that he will expose everything if I break up with him (trembling voice). He would tell everyone that I was dating him, that the problem would come and affect a lot of things, and that I wouldn't be able to talk to anyone about it. It put me in a state where I couldn't go. It's going to be torture, but that's okay. I'm not afraid of anything now. IF I don't fight now, i don't know when to fight. I didn't ask to contact him in any way, which was supposed to be the case anyway, because we didn't see a way to get any better before that happened. Have you had a chance to talk to him to come to a compromise? I had a phone call with him, and I insisted on my innocence. The whole thing started, I wasn't the one doing it. I actually called to confirm with him, I didn't (trembling voice). I tried my best and then he gave me a reason for trying to clear up the issue?he said he believed, but he accused me of surviving. He said I did it all for my own sake (trembling voice), how upset I was?, so I made enough points of regret (does it feel like dying?). At least I still have my family, and there are people who love me and are waiting for me. I feel like I have to move on to a lot of people who think this could make Beau's future in the entertainment industry no longer available. I can't look at my future, but I'm going to try to correct the past for what I've done wrong or I haven't, and I'm going to get better every day, as I've told people a lot of misunderstandings. What do you want to tell them? Criticize me in a rational and effective way. Be civilized. I can accept it, lawyer: Lawyers leave it to those who use every social media platform. In making comments or comments, if there is a nature that causes damage to Mr. Bute or is characterized as a statement. Slander, smear, or comment in a vulgar, insulting, and offensive manner. In such cases, the lawyer will take action on all cases, and the lawyers have already processed some cases, some cases as well, and will continue to do so until the case reaches the end and is not left unattended. Have you started some of the cases you've assessed for damages? But it's about losing my own mental well-being. To be honest, I didn't feel good. No one feels good if they're hurt so much, but I still have a supportive cover (trying to hold back). Lawyer: At this point, I think it's difficult enough, but he doesn't close the channel, but he has to get in touch if he has a chance to meet face to face, do you think he can? I think it's the karma we've done together, how much the family has been affected? I was very damaged, my family was affected, but they had to be strong for me. If the foundation of my family is unstable, how can I live? Based on the evidence submitted by Mr. Bute, and the evidence that the lawyers brought to trial, it is evidence of sufficient weight and family. As empirical evidence, I think it is possible to prove Mr. Bute's innocence, but in the meantime, it is a court procedure that will require the court to consider and adjudicate. The media may have to wait a little bit because it takes quite a long time. I would like to thank all the fans who are still encouraging me (say thank you to the Inter fans) and thank you to Brother Pound. Even though I had left the camp, she never left me. He always loved me and my family, and thank you to all the camp staff for supporting me and many of my fellow actors. If I had the opportunity to do something again for them. I promised I would, and I have to thank my family for always encouraging me (trembling, trying to hold back from crying). Without them, I wouldn't be standing here.
The real Akaze star "Tey-Pongsakorn" The high-merit fanboy became the lucky fan of "Jinyoung GOT7".|"Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
Puifai Nattapat Open your face in the Y2K era, tell me that you know braces and injections.|For Y2K that is now popular among teenagers, including celebrities who are ready to make Y2K content in a row, some pick up pictures of Y2K range and post it. Vipattaradejsakul or Pui fai AF, who took a picture of herself when she was a young girl in the Y2K era and posted it on Instagram @faaaiiii_natapat as well, must say that she was beautiful since childhood. Thank you to my sister since the time of my childhood for sending me this picture, I can see and laugh at myself, it's good that I have braces, it's good that I know how to inject 55555"SPONSORED  This event has attracted industry friends and fans to comment on, such as, Ah, cute, originally beautiful, at first glance, like Jisoo, later, oh no, at that time it was cute. Now it's pretty worth it, cotton, etc.
Happy High Rock The wife gives birth to a daughter. At this event, dad cut the umbilical cord himself.|After a young rocker, Pae Suraj Thap Wang or Pee High Rock. Revealing a new love affair with Kook Chaiyasuda The 21-year-old couple, who had only 5 months apart, decided to get married immediately and said they are now father again at the age of 54 because Cook is pregnant with their first child. Pee Hi-Rock has revealed the good news that his wife has now given birth to a daughter. On February 20, 2023, he posted a picture of himself waiting for his wife to give birth, as well as a picture of his wife and young daughter on his personal Facebook page. He also posted a photo of himself cutting his daughter's umbilical cord, which he wrote: "The beautiful daughter of a father and mother, a gift from God. AMEEN"SPONSORED AMIDST COMMENTS FROM ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY INSIDERS, INCLUDING FANS, WHO SHARED A LOT OF CONGRATULATIONS. Congratulations to Thairath Online.
"Hon-Thanakorn" takes a tour of elementary school, relive the days as the star of the comedy troupe in "Nostalgic Mission".|"Nostalgic Mission" Let's go my friends this week The Godfather of Cold Drama Take a childhood time machine tag team duo. "Hang-on". Relive the legend of the hilarious little boy by taking a tour of his old school in elementary school. Wat Sukkorn School, which gives birth to the opportunity to be active in the comedy industry like the faculty. Baby Joker became a famous dark hero to this day. Beautiful Girl Ceremony Eve-Chaniporn brought a familiar guest. It's nobody else, it's a super cousin. The owner of the legend of the little girl Sai Ha Hang-Hoon came to reinforce Mount Moi heroism together with the beloved teacher who will tell the story of Dr. Cho Hoon. A freshman heroine from the drama. Let's do the mission together. Catch up tonight at 10.45pm on Channel 7HD, dial 35.SPONSORED. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Nawat invested in building with an update on the progress of 6 lawsuits.|Today, February 21, 2023, held a press conference to officially open MGI HALL to close the legend of SHOW DC HALL. As well as the rumors that Miss Grand gives politicians the opportunity to give speeches on the Miss Grand stage. Soon to be the launch of MGI HALL?proud because we have been working in the entertainment field for a long time. It's been 25 years and Miss Grand herself has reached its 11th year. So we're here, it's comfortable, it's comfortable, it doesn't feel flashy, it's nice that we have our place. It's one of our dreams when we're working on anything, wanting to go beyond what we are every day. Next step we had a dream of having a big hall like Las Vegas, feeling all the time why Thailand doesn't have a hall like that. THIS IS ANOTHER DREAM, BUT IT'S GOING TO TAKE A LITTLE LONGER. In the middle of the day, I just interviewed a new employee, which is going to be quite a lot of new stuff. The system of cells must be organized to be more novel. Now that there are a lot of places that have been booked, such as The Voice pageant, we're going to give the big tv shows all the space, whether it's keeping secrets or keeping the judges introverted. The height of the stage and the darkness around it should be something that we're going to go up, and there's a whole range here. There are more than 3,000 chairs available, including event staff, to provide consultancy in respect of the 20-year facility contract, tied to the structure of the main building, show DC. Everything I asked was sure that 90% was already full because people were starting to book in. Personally, I'm aiming for another year of payback, but we're not too worried about the lawsuit?tomorrow I'm on standby to go to court in a lot of cases as well. Starting with a case involving politics, which I had to go to court a few days ago, what would the outcome be? 1,000,000% will fight or how to do it must be proof of Thailand's vaccine case. I've already been diagnosed by the court to some extent, I'm not guilty, I've been convicted, and I hope it will end here. I wasn't thinking about going back to the lawsuit, and thanks to the judicial process, the verdict was read out in the online lottery case. The company and the person are in the process of becoming criminal, that is, the hotel will be the one to call to examine the defendant's witnesses, which should be within this month, there will be an investigation in the process, it must go to the prosecutor, and the net idol Pratunam is also at this stage. Because we're going to have to sue. My 100 million lawsuit was filed without tracking, causing me damage to the headline or whatever, but the last time I got another 40 million from the online lottery, we were shocked again after we went to fight on the show, thought it was over, but it came back, just got about 2-3 weeks, it's okay, there was a lawsuit, I sued. We didn't sue that much, we sued based on the facts. In total, there are now 6 sponsored cases in preparation for sending politicians to give speeches on the Miss Grand stage on the 17th. In March 2023, each political party is preparing to send politicians to give speeches on the Miss Grand stage. After that, the contestants from all 77 provinces will be asked questions from politicians, all of which are not intended to make waves for the Miss Grand stage because our stage is definitely a good lightning rod.
"Tai-Nattapon" has been obsessed with single drama work for more than 10 years.|I've been single for over 10 years and I've been thinking about having a boyfriend for a long time. For Tai-Nattapon Leeyavanich, the actor-presenter of "18 Crowns Stumbling in Love" on Channel 3, the reason why no one is is not because they are in love, but because there is a lot of work to think about. "I have to say that I really enjoy the work behind the scenes, so I feel that if the work is still busy and it is not over like this, if I go to my personal life, it will be chaotic. We're very happy and used to being alone at this point, "How long have you been single?" I'm not serious now, let's do it behind the scenes. 3 films are open. "How do you stay single for 10 years?" I'll be the sales department too. The office will have events, online content, productions, media sales, which we ourselves are the main AE, you are AE Support, we will take care of the sales itself, it will be chaotic. "Not at all. If everything is ready, then maybe open your heart to anyone. If you come in and be happier, that's ok. In trying to take care of someone in order to have a relationship, maybe not so. We give ourselves time to work, give ourselves the opportunity to learn more new things, because now business is not easy to do, unlike before, and then you can let go. But today it has no word on release. IF WE'RE STILL IN BUSINESS, FOCUS ON IT"SPONSORED WHILE YOUR FRIENDS OR PEERS GET MARRIED A LOT? When I was sick. There was a day when I was stressed about work 2 years ago and I had a lot of stomach pain. It's okay, I woke up taking sleeping pills and I still have stomach pains, it appears that the appendix is broken, I still have to call an ambulance. I had to open the room for the nurse to come into the condo room, so I started to think about who might be in the future, or if I didn't have a relationship with anyone, there would always be a gang of singles on call. People who don't have a family, maybe a lot of people know that I'm still alive, take care of each other." "At home, he doesn't talk much, it's like we made our own decisions when we were 18, he raised us to take care of ourselves, parents grew up to be free, you take care of yourself and you are healthy, or your brother is married, we can't see that we're not very happy. He saw his brother get married early. There are some stories. As for us, we're going to have different things about work." "It's not wow because if it's free, you'll have to find something else to do all the time. Let's try this one. Now that it feels like the world is spinning fast, we'll have to find something to fill it with as well. We can do the basics, but the production. Nowadays, there are many variations, methods of filming, but we choose, and each problem is unexpected", causing the love story to rest for a long time? "Yes, sir, this is probably the happiest thing I've ever done..." All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Tanya Arsiam sets up two-piece Put the caption "Walk around."|It's really getting bigger every day for young country singer Thanya Arsiam. The owner of the song Let go of death, the reason for people to go, the languishing with one heart waiting, etc. There's already a lot of work coming in. The sexiness has also increased without a beat. Tanya Arsiam has revealed that she has already caught fire with a new set of photos of her walking along the beach in a black two-piece swimsuit, with the caption: "Walk with a chuckle, shout that I like you." The captions are equally bang. The comments in ig are full of fire emojis and hearts are full.
Early afternoon Share your experience of a married couple having problems because of a lack of confidence in sex.|Previous Funny Girl Tansita Suvacharathanakit admitted that she had problems with her sister's body shape and fitness, causing problems in bed and not wanting to serve her husband because she was not confident in her body. Until now, Pinky Before Afternoon became a guru for people who have problems with life with bedtime. Recently, I met a famous funny girl, so I didn't miss to inquire about it, which Pink opened up to us that many people wondered why they looked better. After giving birth, I gained 10 pounds, and I wanted to lose more quickly because I had to work at all, but I didn't exercise because I was lazy. As for the diet, it is not much control, but someone suggested that at Apex he has a course for mothers after childbirth. People think we're changing fast, and we're happy. I'm more confident in getting dressed because now I'm number 4 and I also have 2 kids, so I'm worried, I used to be a little person, when I go on camera, it affects my work and I feel like I can't wear my old clothes. WHEN WATCHING YOURSELF ON TV, I SEE THAT I AM BIGGER THAN OTHERS, SO I WANT TO REDUCE SPONSORED WHEN I GO TO TAKE CARE OF MY BODY SHAPE. I saw someone come to talk about lifting my sister. After giving birth, I was interested in consulting because it was a non-surgical reparation for my sister. Who decided to do it because I was starting to lose confidence in myself. Not peeing as much, peeing or peeing, or not as firm as when girls are afraid that it will affect their marriage. It makes us less inclined because we are not confident. When I tried to do it, the results were quite valid, I saw the results from the first time, and it didn't take long to do each time, both in terms of fullness and color, which my husband guaranteed to be really better (smile). Some couples may not like this, but we think it's natural. It's good, it's confident, it's happy. A lot of people come to consult after the news comes out, including the guy in the industry where he has a girlfriend that he feels and wants his girlfriend to do. But why bold? If it was before, when the girls would not dare, they would not dare to go to the internal examination. But now we're married and have kids. Everyone already knows our status, so it's not a matter of being shy, it's becoming more educational, like providing information and sharing. The problem is not just for married people who have children, but for unmarried people. Maybe it's because he's lifting heavy objects, low uterus. But when we share this story, it gives him information and can be consulted with each other. Did you do it because your husband told you, or did you feel unsure about yourself? He doesn't talk, but people have a double life, and they know it's not like they were girls. Once we've lived for a while, it can be felt. When we feel unsure, which tassel is a person who likes to live a happy double life, so what it helps to do will help. Not even an expert, but more of an experience-sharing. When we weren't married, it wouldn't be appropriate to sit down and talk about it. People have seen tassel life, so I think I can share some things. It's okay for people to say that they're going to see this as a guru, but for Tassels, it's not unusual to share something like this in maturity. It's also the rhythm of tassels, what are the secrets of life alongside the story in the bed of pink? The two of us broke down all the walls, we're open to things like this. Complementary It makes us smile, we do. Wear some clothes, we prepare some. But this doesn't apply to all couples. Some women don't like this kind of thing, go and buy it for him, he scolds it, it's on the tastes and happiness of each couple. SPONSORED, in my opinion, do you really think that in bed it can cause problems in a couple's life? If you look at it from the perspective of the people around you, you think, why do people want to have other people? Why do men want to have wives because their wives don't? Does my wife not take care of herself? Is his wife unresponsive, and does the man want to vent? There's a problem, but it's about who's open to it. We don't know other people's angles, we can say as much as we know. We feel that when there is no problem with the couple, it is happy, it is not suffering, it complements each other, so we do not want anyone. Tell me you love me, tease each other, because he's not talking, so we need to start, or maybe we want something, tell him. If you want anything, tell him. If he makes it, he does. 
"Kim Jong-hyun" is ready to warm the fan meeting. Special! This Feb|It's getting closer to the day of your visit to Thailand. Kim Jonghyeon 'Fantasia : Bangkok Village' Fan Meeting in Bangkok ensures that everyone will not be disappointed with the talent and warm atmosphere of the first fan meeting of the 'National Leader', as well as the exclusive privileges everywhere - every price will be a 'Good Bye Session' where everyone is asked to send everyone home to have a good night's sleep, as well as random privileges on each ticket price, such as group photography, autographed posters, rehearsal sessions, autographed albums, and polaroid photos of WP24 Group Co., Ltd. and artist Kim Jong-hyun. See you on Saturday, February 25, 2023 at 6:00 p.m. at Union Hall 2, Union Mall, ticket sales at www.theconcert.com For more information, please visit Facebook, Instagram, Tiktok and Twitter: WP24GROUP.SPONSORED
"Park Jin-young" only gives "Akaze" Thai Jai Fu to serve all the pleasures of concert fans.|It's been a memorable night for thai fans in 4 years, the hot guy 'PARK JINYOUNG' (Park Jinyoung) has served up a full moment of the '2023 PARK JINYOUNG FANCONCERT' solo concert. 'RENDEZVOUS' IN BANGKOK: Secret Meeting Between You and Me', where tickets sold out for both rounds at Union Hall 2, 6th floor, Union Mall, by the experienced organizer 'IDEA FACT', an agency under 'GMM SHOW' under 'GMM GRAMMY'. Full of songs and exclusive quizzes, DJ Nui-Thanawat served as the host, adding color and laughter. Jinyoung also repeatedly made fans fall in love because he spoke Thai to please his fans, and also filled the fun with surprises by randomly selecting the lucky winners to take photos of the Polaroid couple and receive a special gift. At the end of the event, there is also a project that fans intend to give to young Jinyoung. It can bring smiles and tears to your eyes. At some point. Young Jinyoung has opened up about the special moments he felt for the Thai Akaze in a loving and grateful way. Thank you so much to Akaze for meeting us today. Called this event, the akaze who came to overflow the hall unleashed a strong scream throughout the event, because "Park Jin-young" is the father of boon-thump. SAY HOW MUCH YOU CAN GIVE AKAZE OR GOT7 FANS!SPONSORED
Ingfa fans throw 10 million for birthday Open Source Gift from Charlotte|I can't make my fans happy. For Girls Ingfa Varaha, who recently wielded a pair of jin. Charlotte Austin has revealed her feelings after working on the co-production series Show me love, a comedy drama. Ingfa-Shalot said, "I'm very happy and this story is particularly challenging because it's about the relationship of a gang of friends who are going to beauty pageants. There are a variety of emotions in this story, including socially reflective content, and in the series, the pair have to be closer and more resonant than in real life. Tell fans they might see love scenes, like kisses. It's halfway through filming now, and we're both very focused on it because we wanted it to work out well. Watch February 28th on air for the first episode of "The Girl Side." Shalot revealed, "I felt pressured to prepare for a solo concert and also had to increase my skills in dance and sing lessons. INGFA CAME AS A GUEST," SPONSORED AND INGFA REVEALED ABOUT HIS BIRTHDAY PARTY MOMENT, SAYING, "Happy birthday is the greatest since I was born. Everything exceeded expectations at the age of 28 because he was reunited with a large family, both Thai and International fans. The gift from the fans totaled less than 10 million, but I personally have to thank the fans for giving so many gifts. I brought myself to tears. Charlotte herself gave her shoes as a gift. ING-FAH GAVE ME SHOES AS A GIFT, SO I WANTED TO CONVEY THE MEANING OF WALKING TOGETHER".SPONSORED
Miss Grand Satun Phang Nga Phatthalung 2023|Miss Grand Satun Phang Nga Phatthalung 2023 contest stage with talented executives such as Khun Khajee Suwanwong The Managing Director of The nice group Real Estate Co., Ltd. is the director of the contest division for 3 provinces this year, which last night, February 20, 2023, created a beautiful night. Miss Grand Satun Phang Nga Phatthalung 2023 pageant was held at KBank Siam Pikanesh Theatre and congratulated 3 girls in all 3 provinces: Blue Salilthip Sena, Miss Grand Phatthalung 2023, Aom Aem Natkanok Sittirat, Miss Grand Phang Nga, Bu Ploypailin Worawong, Miss Grand Satun, called 3B beautiful. Create fun and get the hess hall from the fans who come to watch SPONSORED.
Bogie Lion replied softly with a sound image. After being criticized for the concert series.|Just held the first full-length solo concert. Bogie Lion or Bogie Pichsini Whattheduck Music posted a clip of the singer performing on TikTok, which has been viewed nearly 3 million times. A lot of criticism of the dress, such as the dress is starting to escalate anymore, the actual escalation of the dress has gone a long way, I who did not reach the dress trend, seeing the dress at first glance thought that the heroine Lige sings a bogey. TUNING IN A LOT, ALL WITH THIS DRESS, THIS DRESS DOESN'T PASS, IT'S GETTING WEIRDER AND MORE WEIRD, BOGEY, JUST ENOUGH BEAUTY, MORE THAN BEAUTIFUL, COME BACK FIRST, GO TOO FAR, LET'S BE CUTE THE SAME, OK TO SELL THE SOUND, RIGHT? Read Pak Bo Na Trade".A post shared by @bowkylionSPONSORED
Nicole hugged Tigger, tears welling up in her eyes, and she saw her son singing dad's song. Cat Jirasak (video)|Nicole Therio and Cat Jirasak Panpoom was really pleased to see Tigger Ashira Therio. He became the first solo artist from G'NEST, a record label under GMM Grammy, on his first single R U OK? The event took mother, Nicole, to hold back tears and give her son a hearty hug. I just saw my first work with everyone because in the past, Tigger kept it as a surprise and never showed it. Cat Jirasak Nicole and Tigger told the media, "I'm glad that Tigger arrived today because he had to prove himself a lot from the words that there was a line from his parents, but he tried to prove himself for the past 3 years. He doesn't make it look like a surprise. Don't watch it at rehearsals, don't send it to us. When we looked at it, I didn't know what to say, but I was happy with Tigger, pleased with my child, saw the tiredness, the fact that he had to study with, had to train for 3 years, saw the tiredness, developed, did not think that ticker could be full, and ticker could do it. This is very surprising, I know that I am very determined today to wish Tigger success because I am really determined, Mamie Daddy is very proud, I don't really know what to say", how did you feel when you first heard her sing? "When I sing, I don't cry, I just think that my child sings us, but every time I sing my cat's song, I have tears in my eyes because it's a song that I really like and have loved for a long time. Time when Tigger sang this song at home. We walked through the door and heard this song softly, and I was in tears," Cat said, "I'm impressed, it's time for us to sit back and admire our children, and our music is expressed in a different way. From every time we meet. When he goes home, he plays this song for him, and he likes to ask about music theory. I heard him singing this song today. He composed his own songs the way he liked them to be, and he did it well, we're very proud." Nicole said: "Just becoming a trainee, I'm so excited, it's like the first step, or we don't know, it's up to Tigger because being a trainee at GMM Academy. He will be very strict. He will have every exam and then sort it out. So 3 years ago. Tigger has the right not to continue. Everyone who is practicing is very attentive," Tigger said, "I don't know what to say right now, I'm still stunned by what's going on. We went home together that day. My mom and I were wondering how he would respond. We passed or didn't pass, and then when he called back we were screaming in the room, and I called my dad." "I know after he's been through a certain level of cold, the day he decided to go, we don't know about it, and I know the day he's gone, and I'm happy and excited about him, and it's also proof in the words that today's kids are loud or that overnight is successful. He's trained, he's trained hard because he has what he wants to prove to himself as a kitten. He came on his own." Tigger "No, it really feels very chill, the name of the cat and Nicole feels like a Grammy symbol. Being his child feels fortunate to have a family with experience in the industry, which I learned a lot from my parents, but when I was younger, I felt pressured because I didn't know how famous my parents were. When I was a kid, I used to think that if I were a singer, it would be comparable to my parents, but now I don't think so. It's not the same now, so I'm not pressured, it's comparable, but for me, I see it as a positive force. I feel very lucky to have these two parents"SPONSORED, who sees his parents as legendary singers, how do we encourage them because people are watching more?Nicole "I believe that Tigger's path has been practicing for almost 3 years, I think he has at least proven himself to some extent that his parents may have been inspired in the first place and grew up with music. He proved himself that Tigger is Tigger himself, and that he has supportive and loving parents. To say what teachings or warnings there are. In fact, there isn't. If Tigger asks, he will tell us about our experiences and let them interpret them." "He can analyze and think on his own, as I said, it's nothing, but one day, if you need counseling, we'll be happy to be friends, mentors." "Don't look at us as an example (laughs)." "Well, the good thing is not to look at dad as an example (laughs) to say that what you're doing is good and that you maintain this standard of work and mentality. As for the standard of work, I believe that it is not dropping because I believe that every team in the company and both parents are always there to look after and support me." "When I was on stage my mom was always energetic, I felt energized, and I always felt bright, I felt like I was a positive person, and my dad was energetic in his own way, playing guitar, playing music seemed sober all the time." "I want to thank you very much for supporting me, everything I want to do in my life, and I'm going to keep improving.
Tata Young posted a picture of the handsome couple by their side. People tease or are about to be in love.|After years of breaking up with her husband. Girl singers Tata Young has been single for many years. He posted a picture with a handsome man by his side with the sweet caption "Sunset with you", which the young man is actor Book Sikpat, while Book himself has come to comment saying "Is you". The handsome guy is very good and happy with Tata as well. Good job, ah, I'm so happy for you sis, VERY GOOD JOB, MOM, MELT IT, ETC. SPONSORED. He also posted a photo that read, "Together is my favorite.
Apo Nattawin surprises fans to give birthday gifts worth 50 million baht|Approaching his birthday on February 24, 2023, hot young hero Apo Nattawin Wattanakitipat has come across a full birthday surprise from fans who are ready to pay their favorite artist. The total value is more than 50 million baht. Man Tud posted a photo of Apo's birthday party and had fans in attendance and wrote, "50 million baht is a birthday gift for "Apo" this year!!!! On Apo's birthday this year, fans gave gifts of 1,000 flower arches, including Rolex watches worth more than 50 million baht!!! but not yet exhausted, foreign FC mothers asked to buy a Maserati car, but they refused to accept it (the cheapest model is 7 million !!!). Oh my gosh. Surrender FC Apomak, Gu's dream husband = Apo 5555555 #มนุษย์ตุ๊ด In addition, on Twitter, fans shared happy moments at the event, which in each post saw both Apo and his fans, as well as pictures of gifts given by fans, such as rolex watches, flower arches, 10 baht of gold, clothes, accessories, etc. As for the birthday party fee, Apo pays for it himself, but the fans refuse, so Apo surprises him by giving away 500 guanyin trees to the fans who attended the event that day.
Open Book Sikpat History Young man by the side Tata Young said this person is doing a very good job. |After the young singer Tata Young has posted a picture with actor Book Sikpat Sethapongpatch, so many people are wondering if Tata's side man is a new boyfriend. Thairath entertainment online will take you to get to know this guy. Sikpat Sethapongpatch is a young actor who has worked in dramas with Channel 3. In addition to being an actor, Book also has singing ability, which Book sings covers of many songs and on his YouTube channel. Sikpat can see that the book is not handsome enough. He also takes good care of his body. Exercise, get fit until the muscles are tight, become the zap boy that many people have already seen, have to scream for the complete handsomeness of this man. As for the relationship with the singer. TATA YOUNG WILL BE AS NETIZENS ARE WONDERING IF BOOK IS TATA'S NEW BOYFRIEND OR NOT, SO WE'LL HAVE TO WAIT TO HEAR FROM BOTH OF THEM.
Fashion Gathering Concert Dress Up Bogie Lion, each set is a bang. All events are packed.|If anyone follows a singer with a quality voice like Bogie Lion or Bogie Pichsini Veerasuttimas will know that besides Bogie will be a singer. She also loves dressing up as a soul, and has already been named another fashionista in the music industry. Bogie Lion sings on stage Fans of Bogie will always see her stunning fashion, and many people will have to find clothes to follow in order to stay trendy with their favorite artists. Bogie Lion will be criticized by netizens for the dress that he wore to Chang Cold Brew Cool Club presents BOWKYLION LANTA CONCERT for being too late to be beautiful. The boogie lion that he wears up to sing on stage, how each outfit is so amazing and so popular, let's see how SPONSOREDSPONSORED is.
The air conditioner is very nice. Wearing a shirt that goes deep to the navel, you can see smooth white skin.|The days are getting bigger. For the actress-host, a small girl, Air Bhandila Fuchs, despite how busy she is, does not forget to take care of herself until she is beautiful day and night. Packed with sexy images again The event was dressed in a black dress that was deep to the navel, with flowers in the middle, and the white skin was very clear and smooth. Many people almost forgot to look at their faces. THIS EVENT HAS MADE COMMENTS FROM PEOPLE IN THE ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY AND FANS THAT IT IS VERY BEAUTIFUL, SOME TEASE THAT IT CAN BE LIGHT, AND SEND HEART EMOJIS.
The job in Nougat Mehtawi was faked by a good hand. Post pornographic images Invite to a secret show group|Anyway, it's a job to get into Nougat Mehtawi Theeraleekul. The Channel 8 actress has been accused of using her name by an anonymous person and has taken her photo to Instagram again. If it doesn't look good, it might be thought that it's actually a nougat girl's private Instagram and a pornographic clip has been posted in stories. Invite to click on a link to the group with the message "Hello everyone, I just created a second account to promote my exclusive content page, so I give you 1 month of free access for new members joining me to increase my score." He immediately posted a message on his personal Instagram saying, "Everyone, this is a fake ig, tmm.matawee, this is not me, if anyone sees it, please report it." Among the many fans who have commentedSPONSORED recently asked to the girl Nougat Mehtawi. She opened up to the news team, "When I saw it, I was shocked that the name is very similar to ours and still chased other people around, but this ig blocked me, so I couldn't see what the post was. Is there any ulterior motive, and who will be fooled into believing the victim? If it doesn't stop, we may file a lawsuit because we are damaged in the fact that pornography has been posted to discredit us."
The latest life of Sun Ryu She is currently nearing the birth of her second child, Reton.|It's a great friendship for people who have worked together, and they're also '90s artists who grew up together. For Aon Luckna Huangmaneerungroj and Sun Ryu or Sun Tangsawatrat for Aon Luckna had the opportunity to act in the first TV series. High School Villains He performed alongside Ryu Sun and sang the theme song for the play as well. Later, there was a sequel to the play titled "I'm glad for Ryu that now he has the opportunity from many people to work in the entertainment industry because very few people have slipped out of another cycle in their lives, which is not to say good or bad, but today, when he came back, there were many people who gave him a chance. It's called Retton. Anyway, way. Thairath Online Entertainment CONGRATULATIONS IN ADVANCE.
Your Boy TJ Longlan is unbeaten, showing off a cute picture of him holding his brother Sial Blue. |After Pumpui Pantipa has decided to reveal her son's face. SialBlue Sky Duval, who was 1 year old for the first time, made fans who followed him very happy because he had waited for this day for a long time, only to see the back of the boy, but everyone immediately guessed that The Sial Blue must be very cute. When I first met you, I was surprised. Meanwhile, the mother puffy took her to cheer. Father Gwint Duval at Kamikaze Party 2022 Sponsored, the fans who followed came to comment on the cuteness of uncle and grandchild a lot. For example, Uncle Tao is waiting for a picture like Gannonn, cute tamutami both messed up, like when you tag each other, uncle urboytj is nice, grandson na yev, uncle Tao will wait for this time as well. When it comes to posting a picture of a couple smiling uncles and grandchildren, etc.
Open minded children unfold by famous underground singers. Forced eating pee - filming |The 27-year-old woman, who agreed to work as a child because after graduation, worked in an office and got married. The turning point was that we were doing business together and the men had a third hand, which was the breaking point, and then we had 2 children. There is no env. Enough to work, it is a Chinese desk job, the first job, very good tip, get 4-5 thousand from the fee of 800, do about 4 hours, the enema work has 3 main forms. The price is about 1,200-1,500 4-5 hours, while the en-up is like a general leaning job, but there are also up-drugs, such as drugs, ice, marijuana, coke, goodies, and envie work, which is brewing liquor, general entertainment, and the work takes about 4 hours, it will be 5,000-8,000 thousand, but if you make an appointment to go to work alone, it will be 3,500-5,000 baht for this girl to get a lean and env. Starting at 3,500-5,000 baht, the price is based on the customer base. If you don't have the strength to pay this price, you have to look at the customer first. If Goboy comes, he will think 5 thousand because the customer has the power to pay (laughs), but in the group there are tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands as well. Just don't have sex. HE CAN DO ANYTHING JUST BY NOT INSERTING IT, GRABBING IT ALL, WASTING MORE ENERGY THAN NV, BUT EARNING BETTER THAN SPONSORED. Even though I've been working for 4-5 years, I've never been hit by this. Let's talk about where the cover isn't right. In short, he wants to devalue us. As for the bad experience, I used to be a handsome customer, so I wore glasses. At first he seemed like he wasn't going to work either, and then he informed us that he wanted a phil, spitting on himself. He wants that. If he could, he would also take up the job. The event was tipped with 1 thousand baht and I met people in the industry, underground singers, and musicians. He came directly. He sent a taxi to a hotel in the city center, and in the first sentence he told me to eat pee, a case that I remember to this day, and that day I gave up eating because I didn't have money, and it hurts to this day. And that day he recorded a clip for him because it was his taste. We were struggling at the time, so I had to give up, pee, and eat his water. This is a famous person in the industry.
Rubbing his eyes hard, Aum Pacharapa served a sweet moment, chilling by the sea with the younger hero.|Serve up sweet moments off-screen for fans to scream along again. This work is said to be the heroine Soup'tar Aum Pacharapa Chaisin. Instagram almost broke. After he posted a picture of himself sitting in a chill, cold-eyed atmosphere by the sea, what caught the eye of netizens was Mae Aum sitting with a handsome man with a bright face. It's not anyone but the younger hero, Dark Hasveer, the latest on-screen hero of Mae Aum, who is filming the drama "The Wind Blows Through the Stars". Oh, so many people are almost happy because they think she's going to move on from her old love. Find happiness for your heart to rejuvenate again. Mae Aum also posted a caption stating that "@upattaya @hussaweee Darcha is visiting with Vayu", while junior hero Dark Haswi also posted a picture with the caption "DRACH X W @aum_patchrapa". Oh, the shots were so well equipped. I'm sure the drama will hit the screen whenever it's going to be loud.
Prairie Let Ho speak his senses. Sampong After the appointment, clear your mind. The knot of drama wears out the monks.|Long gone from society for former King Sompong or Sompong NakhonThaisong, who recently flew directly from Chiang Mai to find his close friend Prairie Priwan. So I didn't wait any longer, so I sat down and talked about the show. On YouTube channel 8 with nostalgia to update the story of his time as a monk. Delving into the stage of the host, Prairie holds back tears, whether the reason why he decided to wear out is because of himself or not, but what is it, is there any secret about the monastic circle that I want to tell and have met?oh, you know, about the internal affairs, these positions are the positions that should be up, they have stars, they have children. Is there money (laughs)? I used to try to lobby to be you, stuffed with money, but the money wasn't real? I asked if I could look like this, my personality, so fun, so hilarious, would it be you? He could tell, so I went to the abbot's grandfather and said, "Luang Pu has someone for me. It's the first sentence. WHO WOULD GIVE ME (LAUGHS)SPONSORED, BUT I had to be an assistant abbot first, I was going to apply for an assistant abbot, almost, but now I'm going to talk to one of you. My teacher, you said I was tired, I was tired. When anyone invites you to go anywhere, you have to go. I can't deny it, we're like, 'Why is it so heavy?' so I didn't apply for assistant abbot, so I didn't get you.30 Year as a monk What can I do to serve Buddhism besides one pillar? It means honor from religious organizations?there should be a Sema Dharma Chakra, the rest will be a university, and then Pathum Thani Rajabhat Chaiyaphum gives an honorary doctorate, someone has come to preach to collect 100 million?debt?? No, and I don't know where it's going, probably because we're in the house, the temple, the school, and then we go to help the community at home, and most of the time it's focused on the school when there's a picture of what we're in the ballpark. Because at that time we were supporting the youth because people didn't understand?yes, there was a football team too, there was one thing that I still felt guilty about and still couldn't get out of there was when I was alone. Everyone respects and loves peepong. But when I started having pictures with me, it seemed like more people were catching my eye, so there was drama. It's not about Prairie, we've been working for a long time, and then we're together. It's out in the news, people may not know it yet. Actually, the person who will leave the leg before me is Pongna, another 6 years thinking about lasik legs? We may be able to do other things. Then came along with us. Eh, the political trend is a lot (laughs) Can it benefit the nation, is there any political party approaching it now?no, but at first a lot of people thought that the brother was wearing out because of me? No one pushes me. When we came out, there was a 10 million clearing money to invest in the debt, and I said what to clear. Have a salary We are not businessmen, CEOs like Prairie Hani. I don't know if I can make you go, so I don't dare go. Because if you give that size, there are a lot of conditions, which is better as a monk and a layman? TELL ME ABOUT HOW SECULAR LIFE IS GOOD OR DIFFICULT?(LAUGHS) I want to have some difficulties, I have to learn to do food, I have to learn to live with my brother, he learns to be an assistant, how to do it, I am tired. Tears in your eyes when cooking. In the past, people came to pray, and I didn't like chemicals. Also thank you and share your feelings of attachment to Sompong. One of the most respected and beloved seniors in my life went through the show, and the people in the room even held back tears.
Open Look Zap Bow Melda Put on a tiny bra. Prepare to fly to Milan for Fashion Week |Preparing to travel to Milan, Italy, to see fashion week for actress Bow Melda, last night Bow appeared at the airport in a stunning look, wearing a crystal bran over a white satin shirt. Mix and match with khaki green cargo pants from the Spring/Summer 2023 collection and wear black high heels set with diamonds, cut by a pink glossy leather Sicily bag. Dolce &Gabbana is called Total Look before boarding. Bowe will fly to the Dolce & Gabbana Collection at Milan Fashion Week.
What happened, Yuki Penpaka announced his retirement from Doctor Lam Vihak for shocking reasons. |The fans were shocked. Yuki Penpaka, one of the members of the Lam Rong Vihak group, announced that he had decided to quit the band after 4 years of staying. Last year, I would like to thank the experience and good friendship from Dr. Lam Rong Wihak, thank you to the 3 bosses for the opportunity, thank you to all the fans, fans, fans. I think I've done my best to work on some of the awkwardness and problems that I've had that I can't go on. I also have my reasons from today but memories....."This event has made many fans of the doctor, parents, and many people have come to cheer for the girl Yuki Penpaka.
Matt Bheerney slept in the bathtub, making a picture with a cross closed, but kept the tease away.|Pack your bags to experience the cold as far away as Japan for Matt Bheerney, who this trip was hanging out with a group of friends and had beautiful pictures for fans to follow via Instagram. Matt has made fans buzz. When he posted a picture of himself lying in the bathtub, lying in a beautiful but sexy bed with a cross covering his hips. THE FANS WHO FOLLOWED WERE HEART-POUNDING.
Junior reveals the status, Jackie feels good, talks about everything. Great Warintorn Cheer up (video)|It took a lot of supporters. After a leaked photo of the actress, nicknamed Bong's mother, Jackie. Chaqueline walked two-on-two at a department store with young actor Junior Kajpundit Jaidee, who was working on a play together. Jackie has confirmed that they are brothers. The status is still single, and in the young junior section, when I had the opportunity to meet myself at the press conference "Beloved Festival 53 years old, good for heart", so I quickly grabbed myself and asked about the relationship with the senior heroine, what is the status agreement SPONSORED, the latest news that is the issue with Jackie?, we all went together, we were close, filmed together for a long time, we were close, I can talk about everything with jackie, most of the time, I don't know, but the day of dealing with him? How did you feel when you got the news that you won your heart? It's funny. We talked to Jackie and we were funny because my friend sent me that it was news, and my friend said it was a full-fledged thing. It's just funny. I'm not shocked by what Jackie said. I'm afraid he's been working together for a long time. Normally nice, a little nervous (laughs). I'm sorry, it's close to specs. Is it better to be a fan if you're a fan? I don't know, but he said that he is not a fan, we are heartbroken, why is he telling us not because he likes to darken the sun? I'm not a spec, Jackie, do you want to win hearts? Maybe not today, but maybe the next day? I actually saw in the comments that they cheered a lot, and I felt guilty for making them cheer so much and how serious the manager was. This is purely true, what is the status now? I'm still single, I'm more focused on working than Great Warintorn, what do you think?, he came to cheer us on, so we said no.sponsored
Boy Pokorn updated to be cheated on model-figure value, waiting to collect the amount before reporting to the police (clip) |After previously news that entertainment people were tricked by the shops on the page to sell model-figures and did not receive many of the ordered items, and one of them was the young hero Boy Pokorn Chatborirak, including the latest Boy Pokorn, updated the story at the press conference of the 53rd anniversary entertainment event of Thai TV Channel 3 "Beloved Festival 53 years good for the heart". In fact, this store used to order the same Boy: Well, it's all news, it's a lot, and I've been buying this one for years, but it's been 2 years now. He must have had some kind of problem. Let's just say that the money I can't afford is both unpaid and paid, but the item hasn't come out yet, I'm starting to feel unsure. If there's anything out there for us, I'm still in the process of gathering the details. It's not finished yet, but it's definitely going to go to the police, and it's definitely going to rely on the legal process. The same case with Dee and Sonny (boy, have you been hit a lot?) is about to be collected. THE DATE OF THE REPORT WILL BE DISCUSSED LATER.  Are you kidding me?  GW: I'm not afraid, but I have to see what I'm buying. But anyway, there is a problem, we have to reclaim our rights, pay and then have to get things, what he does not do according to the words, we have to exercise our legal rights.  Boy: I went to Japan with Channel 3 to shoot a drama, so I just came back for delay. Come back and celebrate (never celebrated on the day). Yes, because last year I had COVID. Love, it doesn't have to be on the day, why sunflowers?  Boy: Oh, because he's as bright as a sunflower (smiling). In fact, he likes sunflowers too, it's like him too (is there anything more special than last year?). Boy: It's fun on the show (he told me about it or he showed off?), it's a fan to say something (smile).
 Great Warintorn The most thrilling story of the incident that was called into the cold room by the Korean police (video)|Make the young hero Great Warintorn even more thrilling. When faced with the right situation Korea Call into the Black Room After filming a show with a gang of good people last month, GWT told him about the shocking event, along with an update on his heart and the doubts that many people were worried about going on a trip abroad with friends with a couple at the press conference of the 53rd anniversary entertainment event of Thai TV Channel 3 "Beloved Festival 53 years is good for the heart". Great isn't that lonely?  GW: I have friends (but I have a couple). There are people who don't have a partner, there are kids who go to be cameramen, boy: people are going to say, Mr. Great, does he have a partner?  GW: Just in case people are wondering. Boy: If there's a camera that's hard to get away with (laughs). No, that trip went to shoot the show, I went as a couple, but I didn't walk separately, I went to be a gang. So Great is not lonely, many people pity want to hold hands, but the person who went with him earlier said that there is no need to pity Great?  GW: I'm fine. HONESTLY, BEING WITH MY FRIENDS, I ENJOY SPONSORED WHEN I SEE OTHER PEOPLE, HOW DOES IT FEEL?  Great: I'm annoyed too (smiling) Boy: To be honest, I'm annoyed by who's talking at the same time.  GW: Bombarded, and when it got to work, it came to scold us.  GREAT: Why can't Great go to Korea?  GW: That's what you're called? I just went to Korea for the first time. So he called me into the room. nothing He called in to pump my fingers again, but I was a little too (did you tell him we were superstars?). No, I was just smiling. I didn't tell him anything, because his passport would have a fair amount of travel volume. It's going to be an old book, I'm clamping it too. As for the new book, it was brand new, so I handed it to 2 books, but he called it anyway. If the I was alone (smiling) and my friend was happy to get the content (laughs)Boy: At that time, I Peck came out, left Great alone, and he called to say that he was in the black room. Time passes. He didn't stand and wait, and this trip was a real funny one. If anyone watching the show knows it's not the content that was made. I got hit with a key ring first, a key ring that looked like a small handcuff chain. He said that anything shaped like a weapon couldn't get in, so he was confiscated. Later, it was New Forgot to do K-ETA bow K-ETA did not pass, James was the stupidest, bought the wrong month ticket, Binmakra bought the February ticket, this one is the heaviest. At first, I only shot 4 EP. So I had this EP.  GW: Did you really know that Jackie was worried about the Great Feeling?  Boy: Mina When I looked at Junior and looked like this (pretending to be agitated), Great: No, I just knew it was news, but nothing, but he still gave Great as a prototype spec?  GW: Jackie is really cute, thank you very much (smiling), he's scared, he's uncomfortable, he's worried about our feelings?  GW: We're really good at building (smiling).  GW: Oh, tall, dark, sunny, yes, I'm all right, how does it feel to still be his No. 1?  GW: I'm glad (laughs). Because many people are worried about Great? Boy: I don't have to. He could find his. I've known him for a long time. He's someone who, if not ready, is not ready. He also loves to be free to be alone, having known each other for a long time. He said he likes to live like this. GW: People are afraid that I will be lonely, thank you for all the encouragement sent, but I am not lonely. Happy Boy : Let me say the last sentence for everyone to think for themselves, who took the picture for him, put it on IG, go and think for yourself.  GW: Sister (smiling) Boy: One day, if he had, I would know. NOW ALL THAT I KNOW IS THAT THERE IS NO SPONSORED
Nadej receives consultation Mak prepares a surprise request for Yaya to get married Get a lot of information (clip)|It is another couple of showbiz people who are very popular. People are looking forward to good news soon. For the hottest young heroine, Nadej Kukimiya and actress Yaya Urasya, who have been dating for many years and their romance seems ready to start one step further according to their best friend. Mak Prin and Kimberly also recently met. At the press conference for the 53rd anniversary entertainment event of Thai TV Channel 3, "Beloved Festival 53 years is good for the heart", do not miss the update on the love story and the good news that there is progress for fans. Preparing to stick to social media or not, which Nadej revealed that recently I saw that I went to ask for advice about marriage proposals?, I talked normally, I have to ask because he has experience, we have some consultations, I have a lot of information, but let's keep it private, rather than asking if there are plans to do a surprise in my mind, is there a consultation. It's not final yet. Now, that's probably the most important plan, because we're waiting to hear as groom's friends what can help him. In order to lighten his burden as much as possible, he has not yet been given a breakdown of what he needs to do. There's not a lot of detail yet, but we already know what's going to happen, what's going to happen, when, where, and where. How do you cook? What you work with So I wanted to do something back to basic, but I couldn't beat my mom's birthday. After seeing the caption that my daughter-in-law went in?Oh, well, mom is happy, everyone is happy, we're happy. When I saw the caption, I was embarrassed because my mom didn't call me that much (rehearsing to get used to it?), so I felt a lot of pressure (smiling) that it wasn't coming soon.
Nadej wants to be the father of a bachelorette party for Mak to make the groom excited (clip) |Just in a moment. The young hero, Mak Prin, is close to entering the wedding gate with his girlfriend Kimberly, and the event has made fans eagerly curious about the progress of the wedding, whether it will be another big event of the year or not. Yes, I did. Mak Prin, at a press conference for the 53rd anniversary of Thai TV Channel 3's "Beloved Festival 53 Years of Good for The Heart", did not miss to update on the progress of the wedding. I got the answer that there is nothing more updated at the moment (smiling) What is updated is that now let's talk to our friends about how to prepare. As far as I know, he's very full. He was the first principal counselor since when I proposed marriage and bachelorette party, now I'm starting to think?: I haven't thought about it yet, because I've been waiting for him to agree on a date and time. No need for a lot of activity. AS FOR THE THEME OF THE EVENT, I WAS SURPRISED, BUT NOW IT HASN'T REALLY CRYSTALLIZED, I HAVE ALREADY THROWN QUESTIONS TO MY BROTHER, BUT SINCE HE'S A PERSON WHO CAN ANYTHING, IT'S A PRETTY DIFFICULT PROBLEM, SO WE'LL HAVE TO SIT DOWN IN A GROUP MEETING ON HOW TO DO IT. What will he do to remember this day for a long time: wait and see, we can tell that the bachelorette party has to separate the men and the woman. On that side, he went to prepare. We have ours, but please don't get tired (smile). Asked if he was surprised by what he was surprised about, he asked how they had been with Valentine's Day. This year, it's cute. My parents are from different provinces too, so I ate with all 4 of them, and this year they were fiancées. I didn't use it at first, but Kim came to tell me that this would be my final year, and I felt it was cute. As for the gift, it is a bouquet of flowers, and other gifts I forgot to give because I was at home.
Janie reveals Paula's mental state The latter announced the end of the relationship with her husband.|Because earlier. Paula Taylor has announced that she has ended her relationship with businessman husband Edward. Many people were shocked and shocked, and worried about the beautiful mother-of-three about her mental state. Janie Alpachan at Pomphet, one of the members of the Fairy Gang, who attended the press conference for the 53rd anniversary entertainment event of Thai TV Channel 3 "Beloved Festival 53 years is good for the heart", did not miss to update her best friend about how Paula is doing now. Janie revealed, "How are you talking about Paula?" and Nana said it's something that friends have known for a while, but we're encouraging each other because it's really a family affair and it's quite sensible. So the best thing about your friend's job is to cheer up your friend when they find out about the shock. In fact, it's normal for a couple to have some quarrels. Have some happiness. There are some good ones. There were some beatings, but I didn't go and didn't ask or mess around, Paula Yu, but when did Yu come to give us a hug? When Yu is happy, we will be by our side. When you're in trouble, how do we get along with the support gang?, we're all supportive, we're going to be like this forever, he's starting to be ok?Jane says Paula is quite a strong person and a lot of supportive people. Friends are ready to hold Paula's heart by her side. Paula is always worried, friends ask if she is worried. He's grown up and it's been going on for a while, and Jane says it's about making up your mind.
Send Mew Supasit Admit Hospital After having severe abdominal pain, I had to take a sudden break from work.|It took a lot of fans to show their concern. Jong Chee Wee Watt after the agency came out to report the news. The young actor had to be admitted to the hospital urgently. The latter had abdominal pain, which the doctor diagnosed as food poisoning. As a result, he had to postpone his work until he recovered, with the club posting a picture of him. While lying in a hospital bed, he informed him that "Brother Mew is in the hospital, will update the situation soon", before the agency will inform the details and the reason for this admission: "Seoul Skipper Co., Ltd., the agency of artist Supasit Jongcheeviwat (Mew), would like to inform you that several days ago, Mew had abdominal pain. After taking the medication, his condition improved, so he returned to work until the night of February 21, Mew had severe abdominal pain, so the family took him to the hospital. Initially, the doctor diagnosed food poisoning as a result of such symptoms. The doctor asked Mew to stay at the hospital to monitor his condition closely. All work must be suspended until it is improved, sponsored by Seoul Skipper Co., Ltd. and Artist Supasit. Jong Chee Wee Wat (Mew) would like to apologize to all those involved in the inconvenience caused." May the blessings given to everyone be fulfilled. Happy and healthy As for me, let me take a break"Among the fans and friends in the industry. Many people came to comment, cheered and wished Young Mew a speedy recovery.
Alex Rendell has been criticized for not being fit for the role of hero, leading to a life-changing point.|Avid actor and environmentalist, Alex Rendell. Woody FM recounts an incident that made him feel uncomfortable when he encountered criticism. He was hit by a backlash that he wasn't fit to play the hero. And the big lesson of rejecting the unbelievable, like helping others beyond the limits, and not having time for yourself." Alex: I think I've come a lot farther than I thought. Is it normal at that time that we were in the middle of success in the industry? At 18-19 years of college, we've seen people of our generation go a long way, but we're still gradual, maybe we're moving in a way that we're going in a gradual direction. Gradually, it accumulates into something that if we perform well, intend to act, in the days ahead, we will continue to have a career in the field of actors, at this point I think I have come a long way, far beyond what I thought, thinking that I have achieved a certain level of success. My personal life in the work was also successful. Alex: I feel like we're constantly falling for ourselves, but we as people see every mistake as learning. We are not people who listen to simple people. Besides finding ourselves, it's like learning something that tells us not to repeat the same story twice, that we don't learn, but ask if the best Fell is probably when we play "The Best Of The Heart". WE THOUGHT AT THE TIME THAT WE WERE GOING TO BE SPONSORED, THAT THE PEOPLE AROUND US IN THE CHANNEL SAID YOU WERE GOING TO BE KEN THEERADEJ. And then ken was so loud, we thought we were going to go in that direction, and then we were going to play the first hero. When the drama was finished, it was very pantip, not ready, no, not yet timed, and it was like a test of the truth, something that we had to check ourselves at that time, it was sad. Because we didn't know it was going to affect us, but then we were 18-19 and thought we were going to go up, and then like someone was going to bring us down, so it was a very good lesson that was a turning point in a lot of things, so I always wanted to be a good actor. What can I do myself? I tried to go to acting school, but at that point I wasn't famous, so I studied with myself until I understood acting, so I knew that if I went the way I was really good at acting, I was going to perform it as best as possible. It will be our career, go on and on what you do. Your path is very focused, and gives back to society, so he places you as a good person of society. Alex: Actually, my life is nothing but work. I don't have a society that is old-fashioned fellow actors. I'm going to have one group of friends, and after work we'll see each other. Friends, family, girlfriends, I feel that the more we grow, the smaller our circle gets, but it's getting tighter. The relationships of the people around me are getting better and better, I feel like I'm just very happy, I don't like to live a life where it's a lot. In our spare time, we also want to be with people we feel good about. 100% in the past to socialize, what do you have to do so often and then realize that we shouldn't do it at all? Alex: Yes, there is a way to live in society, which is indistinguishable between work relationships and personal relationships. It used to be merged into one thing, and it felt like it was done for a while and it wasn't. When we're in the entertainment industry a lot, it pulls us into what we don't want to be, whether we can pull ourselves out or not. Reject people who are not, which is a big lesson lately: I work on the environment. People will see us as kind, and we think we're kind. When we are very kind, the last person who has to be tired, must be a victim, it is us. I had an idea that I wanted to help. I want to do it until I realize it's exhausting to put other people's feelings in front of me. It has limits, but when we do it every day, let's realize why we are tired, like we don't take care of our feelings. Willing to carry other people's feelings to us. In order for him to feel okay. Alex: Where do we help others until we don't have time to do our own thing? Like I did a lot of organizations helping agencies, helping with wanting to help, but in the end our organization didn't walk because we didn't have time to come to meetings. There's no time to sit here. And every problem that arises, if we go back and forth, we will know what the origin of the problem is, and then usually because we don't have the time or we don't pay attention to the details there, because we take our time to give something good and bad.  How have you changed your mindset? Alex: I think I need to take our people first, as of now I'm 33, there's a lot of responsibility. We have 2 companies, have families. There is drama to be played. You have to make it all tight. Everyone can be happy before we go to give happiness to others, after all, dare to say no, thinking that we have reached a point where we are old enough to know what is good or bad for ourselves. There is no need to wait for the assessment of those around you. We work hard, work hard, give our hearts to everything we do. So you know if what we do is good or bad.
Pumpui Panthipa hurriedly brakes Boom Mutha after friends boil instead on social media.|After the young model zap puffy Pantipa Arunwattanachai posted a picture of the opening page of Sial Blue. Amid tens of thousands of comments from fans who praised the cuteness, some netizens commented on the opening of the baby boom. Battle or Boom Mutha Another best friend of Pumpui boils over for his friend. Go in and comment "Squeak" and include a middle finger emoji. After seeing the picture, a netizen went in and said, "DON'T WAIT TO ASK, OR ASK, AND YOU NODDED TO POST THE PICTURE, 55555555555"SPONSORED. When Pumpui found out, he rushed to Boom to break the boiling friend for himself, "Calm down, EDO X 5555", and Boom replied to Pumpui, "Ah, I can't do this to Lan Gu", and took a picture of the director to post on his personal Facebook page, explaining the reason for the boiling post, "Honor is the most important thing, but if Mung does not honor others, Mung should not be honored".
Hail. Araporn Auspicious incense point at Wat Pa Phu Thap Berk See the number very clearly (clip)|He made merit and intends to bring the best numbers to fans for the young country singer. Araporn Nakhonsawan, who recently traveled to make merit and held a worship ceremony at Wat Pa Phu Thap Berk, Phetchabun province, to enhance the auspiciousness of life. Araporn then picked up an auspicious incense stick to find the temple number and posted a clip with a short caption "The number is issued accordingly...!!! #อาภาพรนครสวรรค์ #อาภา" SPONSORED, which in this clip after lighting the incense stick and seeing the number very clearly is 149 among comments from fans such as according to the beautiful number, rich bang, Apa Pamu, etc.
My Mate Nate isn't a good fit to win the Best Creator award.|The 11th Thailand Social Awards, held on the evening of February 22, 2023, was an awards ceremony that brought together online celebrities to receive awards in various categories, one of which was the famous YouTuber My Mate Nate, who won the Best Creator Performance on Social Media award in the category of Variety by Nate My Mate Nate or Nate Nathan Bartling. Ava Pawarawan Veerapuchank My Mate Nate, his girlfriend and the channel's crew came up to receive the award together. The award was awarded. Many people who saw the photo commented on the reverse, all of whom considered My Mate Nate unfit to win the award, and criticized the channel for copying the content creators of a foreign channel called Mr. Beast. IT IS ALSO SAID THAT OHANA AND SPD CHANNELS ARE MORE LIKELY TO WIN THIS AWARD, WHICH IS NOT FAIR.
I'm not single anymore. Sompong get someone to talk to specs that are not ordinary Prairie I'm worried about my brother.|So sweet that many people must be jealous for Prairie Paiwan because he recently launched a love affair with a younger generation. Ford His brother, Sompong Nakornthaisong, did not give up either, having recently opened up about the show. Talk to SHOW that the heart status is busy because he now has someone to talk to, and this spec tells you that it is absolutely not normal, what is the status now? What kind of age is this? Talk to each other, understand each other, talk sharply, younger, 7-8 years apart, is there a chance to launch? We've been talking for a while, but it's been longer than Prairie's in front of the media. Life is private? There's nothing to talk about. If the media goes for it, it's already discussed. DON'T DODGE OR ANYTHING, GO FAR AWAY WITH CHIANG MAI, TIRED OF SOCIAL MEDIA, TIRED OF PEOPLE COMMENTING OR NOT, SO I WANT TO SAVE ZONE?SPONSOREDSOMPONG: NOT BORED. I don't usually read comments. I read about it, I'm a person like this and used to say that it's not as fun as I thought?: I've had principles since I was a monk that I have a job to do. There's no rest, a lot of rest, little work, maybe there's nothing to enjoy. When I moved to Chiang Mai We didn't know a lot of people. Away from friends, because we are far away. When I was a monk, I met people who had fun. When it comes to us, we may not get a lecture, there is something that spoils confidence. Cheerfulness? To work, you have to think about what to joke about. When you're away, it might bring you down, maybe it's a job to make people know us. When you're away, it's like resting, resting a little too much, maybe far away, having some loneliness, maybe not even depression. When I first came out, I saw the benefits of my brother, I took my brother to work, and then one day my brother couldn't work as I had thought, and then pushed my brother to leave me. They are irresponsible. When my brother ran out of stream, I didn't think about how to make my brother have a job. I feel bad about those people, but I still have friends who have ever glimpsed that they shouldn't wear out?: Actually, it doesn't, it's time, there's no feeling. If we're in the perfect spot to fit in well, people invite us. Some moments don't have a stream, he doesn't invite. Parry: Do you want to get back together? Most of the comments were that we wanted us to do a show together, which I thought might be done. BROTHER AND I WILL HAVE CHEMISTRY WITH EACH OTHER.SPONSORED
Grandma Neng teaches Meena after her grandchildren are blackened The question arises, is black skin unattractive?|Very talkative for 2 twin brothers. Meeka and Meena The twin sons and daughters of the famous couple Margie Rasri Balenciaga and Pok Passornkorn Jirathivat, who are now falling in love with the brothers. Margie's mother, Neng Arsri, told me about taking her grandchildren shopping, but she found someone who came to see her black, causing her to turn around and ask if the black person wasn't beautiful, saying, "2 Tiny came back from the Maldives, grandma came back from Australia, we came to school together with a school uniform from #hardrockmaldives 5555, because traveling is a very important learning for children!!..!!! I've been beaten before!!!! My grandmother smiled and said that I had been swimming in the Maldives!! Woah! ! It's a shame!! Meena (who uses the brain to think all the time) LOOKING AT MY GRANDMOTHER, SHE ASKED THE KIDS TO GO IN AND PICK THINGS UP FIRST, AND THEN SAID TO THE PERSON WHO ASKED, "DON'T SAY THIS TO THE KIDS, IT'S BULLYING, UNDERSTAND????" It's been a while since Margie's generation (going to the sea every week) and seeing her grandchildren!!! These words can depress children or others !!! go back to shopping. "Isn't your grandmother black?" ??? No, black and white balls are all beautiful. My grandmother wasn't white, my mother was white, she was beautiful, my grandmother was beautiful!!! so I taught my grandchildren how to be confident when faced with this situation... #คิดก่อนพูด #mikamiathetwins".  
Baitoey Pornpji announces good news Pregnant and posted an ultrasound clip of the baby.|Preparing to be a red-label mom for the host girl Baitoey Pornpji Sirisit After attending a sweet wedding ceremony with his boyfriend, a boxing gym owner, Edward Wang, Baitoey posted an ultrasound clip. Watch the development of the baby in the belly with the caption "Peek a boo, I'm coming to waw" among friends and siblings in the entertainment industry, as well as many followers who have commented and congratulated each other.
May Pijnath cleared the double image. Hi-So Big is not in a hurry to get dressed, let's be slow but sure. |On Valentine's Day, May Pichanat Korn posted a photo with Hiso Big Akarawatchara Kongsirikarn celebrating the Day of Love, and the photo looked like a pre-wedding photo, causing many people to wonder if May and Big would have good news soon. May Pichanat responded to a question from The Entertainment Day about whether the couple would have good news at the wedding gate. Because May and Big have been dating for many years, and the love is sweet, which May explains, "It's a Valentine's fashion set, everyone will direct it, friends will tell you if it's news or not, it's pre-wedding or not. The photographer told me to run the railroad cut, so the picture was like it came out. Let's face it, if it's pre-wedding, May is definitely not a normal shot. I asked if I had any plans, but we kept talking. If there is, I will tell you, but not soon, let's work first, do not hurry, it has been there for a long time. Don't be in a hurry, but be sure..."
Alex launches sweetheart outside the industry, loves happy, wants to have a family, waits for good news|When actor Alex Rendel posted a photo with his sweetheart, who had been dating for years on Valentine's Day, when he met Alex at the press conference for the 53rd anniversary of Thai TV Channel 3's "Beloved Festival, 53 years old", he didn't miss asking about Alex's love affair. He replied shyly, "It's not an official launch? I didn't think this post was a launch, just thought we never closed. But at some point, we have been dating for a long time, with feelings, with many things, it comes out through feelings, we have been dating for many years, have talked or consulted with him to post a picture? Take a picture that we feel will be the best for him, call it open, let's be beautiful first? It wasn't even that handsome for both of them (did he choose the picture?). No, sir. NO. INSTAGRAM US (SMILE)SPONSORED WHAT HE SAID?NOT SURE IF HE SAW THE NEWS BUT HE SAW THE POST WAS SURPRISED BECAUSE NORMALLY WE DON'T POST MAYBE THERE ARE STORIES IN A SLICK WAY BUT NOT POSTED IN THIS WAY, MANY PEOPLE TEASE SWEET? Most of the people who tease are people who already know him and meet him. Already hanging out together. So it wasn't much of a surprise to my inner circle when it came to what he was saying. The news story hasn't been discussed yet. He doesn't consume entertainment news either. I don't know if he saw it, someone teased us, how did he feel about it?, people teased in the comments, that is, from that day until today, the first event, there has not been anyone to tease that, he has asked what it means to post a picture of our couple? What I post for me, the social world versus the real world, it's a different world. And then we'll enjoy the real world more, feeling like if we eat a lot of it and let it control our feelings. I think we're going to walk in a way that one day it might hurt us, and then we're working in a place that's like traveling all the time. So we're going to make it clear that this is our area. What do we want to do, we feel that it is our right, many of us want it to go down, we don't want it to be bruised. Just keep it and I feel like it's just right (but is there a lot of stock?). Don't worry (smile) The next time you go down again, must it be a special occasion? Yes, Instagram comes from how we feel, maybe a few weeks it doesn't play at all, there's that feeling it doesn't come, it's a lot of things, we're getting closer, we're getting to the point where we're getting older, looking at the future. The work we're going to do has come to a certain extent. Hence the next chapter. I saw my brother had grandchildren. We do camps with children, seeing parents come to moments with children. One day we want to have something like this, but we haven't planned for how many years, but just feel like it's something that at this point we can start thinking about because we couldn't think about it before. It's just a job, but now I can start thinking about it. As for starting to think about how long it will be for a year, not that there will be any talk to him soon?this one is better held between the two of us (smile)SPONSORED, we are very happy?happy at home, is there a question?this is a family thing. What we posted, it's like a post, but what do you think about the details at home, I think our specialty is that we've kept it here for a long time. Feel that way. So I want to keep it like this, I'll release a little bit of information (smile), but our hearts want to have a family?
Cherbell, behind the scenes of the entertainment industry, has been manipulated for more than 10 years. |Living with depression since the age of 5, for talented actress Lallin Tejasa Wesz, it's not easy for a woman to put up with emotions. She has always tried to heal but has not completely healed. It's hard to try to kill herself, but heaven still doesn't want her. 10 years into the entertainment industry, being manipulated by someone close to her life, being destined to create a character that is the opposite of herself, and because she is suffering from depression, she has to follow it, just because of fear of others not loving, but then life is like being born again. Be more yourself. After deciding to change the new manager"Since childhood. We were sensible kids, but we were very naughty kids, and we were very sensitive kids. When I was scolded for something, it was a lot more emotional than usual, and at first we weren't sure what we were because when we started having symptoms, we started studying psychology books. I STARTED READING A LOT OF BOOKS ABOUT IT, AND IT SEEMED LIKE I WAS PROBABLY DEPRESSED, SO I STARTED READING ABOUT DEPRESSION BOTH IN THAILAND AND IN THE CITY OUTSIDE OF SCHOOL. Until we found out that we were, then I thought that if we tried the therapy in a different way, it would be a lot of activities. Until the hardest time during covid, it was terrible. To the point where we can't heal ourselves. So we decided to go to the doctor, which once again felt that the symptoms had long gone, and then it came back again, so I decided to think short again. I can't feel it anymore. I don't like this idea at all, the most common thing is when we're feeling bad, we're going to be thinking a lot, like when my dad loses his mind, he'll only think about his dad, and when somebody says something a little bit, we try not to listen. We're not just asking ourselves what it is, but the emotions are gone. It's a brain chemistry that can't get out of that trance and even think hard about wanting to commit suicide. We were about 19 years old when we first entered the industry, it was the first thing we did in the media and won awards, so we decided at that time that if people didn't understand it, they would see that our lives were all good. But if a person is depressed, they will understand that there is something inside, there is still a knot that cannot be solved, which asks where to solve it, because it is like we never learn to be self-centered. I've never practiced meditation, I've never practiced my emotions, my mindfulness has been able to get to the doctor, I've adjusted my chemistry, and I need to start meditating more to know my emotions. The doctor knew that I was depressed, but I didn't think it was a chronic form that it wouldn't heal just by taking medication to make it better. And we need to practice meditation, practice self-consciousness, be aware of our emotions. The doctor advised that if you get better, stop taking medication, but if you think about the level that we can't handle, but when you come back to take the medicine. I'm still taking pills for a long time, but during covid, we've reduced the number of pills I take. But if the symptoms are heavier, then we need to change the drug to force several knots that make us think short. It's like we've achieved something in life. But why are we still feeling unhappy, it's like we're not okay, it's not what we hoped for. There are some points where we feel so emotional, which we've been doing so far, so why haven't we been okay yet? During COVID, it came back because we were stressed. When we start to get stressed, we sleep less. When we slept a little, he came back, which rest was very effective for people with depression. GRADUALLY COME BACK AND TAKE BETTER CARE OF OURSELVES"SPONSORED" IN THAT WE ARE SENSIBLE. The mood is that if a child lacks love, we want everyone to love us, and we want everyone to speak up and teach us. We want to obey him all, but sometimes each person's teaching has his own interests or things that we can't keep up with. Because we were kids, and now we know the latter. We feel sorry, we feel bad, so it's like we're not going to blame anyone else. But we blame ourselves for why we don't know. Why are we doing this, and the more time we respond to journalists and get hit back, that's what other people think of us. But we were the ones who got hit back like this, so we regretted that we didn't mean that, but he told us to say that, so we said what he said. It must be understood that we cannot be loved by the whole world. And we can't change anyone's mind even if we're threatened. A lot of things, whether it's talking in the Thai system or outside cities, it's not the same. Thais will say it the other way. As for guava, it's going to be straight. Tell the cause and effect, for example, if you want us to change this, you will say, but thai people will be addicted to that, but do not give a reason that it is not that good. We asked him why, and he told us that he said it wasn't good, which was unreasonable because if there was a reason for us, we were willing to accept it. "I want everyone to understand that being an actor is not as easy as many people think, which is a lot of things, it has an image and something that we have to keep an eye on, like a celebrity would like to be hit with why in front of the media is neat but the real one is not like that, it is the image of the company's work and a lot of things. That's part of why celebrities are hated even though they don't do it, but they've been manipulated into doing it, so it makes me feel like I want people outside to understand that we can't change the adult system anyway about how kids look. We need to understand that we, the company's products, will have to make as much money as possible with us. But we want people at home who are there to comment and don't think about it or don't use it. You know, it hurts other people's hearts a lot, especially those that they don't intend to be what you think. And people who don't want to do anything like that and get hit with negative feedback again, so it feels bad, it doesn't make you feel better"Not afraid of bouncing back to other actors?"Ask if you're afraid, you're afraid, but if we're not the ones who started, we don't know how many more eras the actors will have to be hit like this again, and it doesn't end, it affects the mental state. We noticed that the actors suffered a lot of depression, so we wanted to make it a little more comfortable and focused on work. Personal life, if he is not a very bad person, then there is nothing to hurt. It's not that good people, because if it's that good to go to the temple, we also have to understand that people aren't the best or the worst. It's about cutting normal people away from us. Let's not forget that we are actors, but ask if we can make an image, we can. But I also want to understand that he is a human being, which loves, greeds, angers, wanders, it all wants to be more rational." Just as the people around us understood us better, and the people around us understood us differently, they didn't say that if we had to answer strongly, we were very happy that journalists came to talk at the latest awards ceremony. I went back that day and I cried. When I went back, I told my manager that I was very glad that everyone understood me, and that I hadn't always misunderstood that in the industry where I acted like that, it wasn't from who I really was. I went back and cried. At first we didn't expect everyone to understand, but that day the journalists understood us, so we felt that this was someone close to us who saw us as us, not what we said and that other people had misunderstood us all the time(crying). When asked why he was crying. She said it was overwhelming, because we didn't want people to misunderstand us for that kind of person. We want everyone to love us, but perhaps the impact comes back to us being alone just because we've been manipulated. That person didn't come to take the disadvantages with us. He floated away, he walked with a happy floating face. But the one who takes it all is us. I want to say that I am very proud of myself"After this, I would like to leave you to follow the work and continue to support the girl Cherbell as a very talented actress and now can follow the work, which will have dramas such as "Wonder of The World" and "Harlot Spirit" with Channel 8, as well as the series "The psycho" that is currently being filmed.
People cheer for Madame Pam After posting a message about breaking up with her husband of 19 years.|Is a famous blogger with over 1.9 million Facebook followers for Madame Pam Viñlapas Srisakulmeki. Madame Pam has a husband, Khun Wich Wachirawit Sriduangmaneechai, and has been together for more than 19 years. comprehension Madame Pam replied with a thank you, and then posted a picture with her husband who had been together for many years, with the caption, "19 years old, look at different angles. He chose the game. The next point is to sleep separately. The feeling is bruising. Problems from time from colleagues, the next point will be or will end. Love comes from the heart, but there is no answer"SPONSORED, which fans who follow have come to comment, sending a lot of encouragement to Madame Pam, saying that I want you to think twice about the love that has been given to each other, to meet people who love good people and to keep them, and to fight through this obstacle for Madame Pam. His real name is Vijlapas Srisakulmeki, a famous makeup artist and beauty blogger. She had a dream of becoming a teacher, so she pursued a career as an art teacher for elementary school students, but when her parents learned that she was transgender, she gathered to talk to the owner of the institution because she was afraid that the child would behave in imitation. Whether it's pretty, clothing design, drawing service. Florists and makeup artists Madame Phae Maha customers by putting billboards on the phone booths. When she graduated from college, she pursued a full-fledged career as a makeup artist until the internet was trending, and Madame Pam was driven by her husband to use online channels such as Facebook, YouTube to find customers and make connections in the beauty blogger industry. She has begun reviewing both cheap and expensive cosmetics. Before starting to get acquainted and hired to be a makeup artist, and it was the beginning of Madame Pam's beauty blogger that is now famous and well-known in the beauty industry. It has a large number of followers. She has also had drama with people in the entertainment industry.
"Big 2P" on a day of music, get ready for a world-class hip-hop show.|Thai's hip-hop band Ton-Pitawat Pruksakit or Twopee, a Phuket-blooded rapper from SouthSide who has been in the music industry for more than 15 years. "Since I was a little kid in Phuket, I adopted hip-hop culture from the artist Eminem, which he made an impact on rap all over the world, so we wondered about it, so I studied it seriously, listened to Thaitanium, started writing songs, put big dad's shirt on it, and rapped in front of the mirror (laughs), then went on to freestyle rap, tried mixing tapes over the sound music and sold them at festivals since 2004. In this day and age, each artist has done a good job, not just Thai people who see it, but also foreigners, because I recently went to the world's biggest hip-hop concert, Rolling Loud Thailand 2023, this year the tour was held in Thailand for the first time in Asia this April. Each artist I saw the lineup and got goosebumps. Travis Scott, Chris Brown, Cardi B, Rick Ross, Jay Park are really great." Watch "One Day With Matthew" today at 10:30 p.m. on MONO29.SPONSORED.
"Tou Phopthorn" showcases his masterpiece in the theater. "Venom Swat The Musical"|The wait is over! Quality Artists Sundaryanakit Get ready to impress your fans again. In the biggest stage play of the year, "Venom Swat The Musical". "I played the role of "Phra Ark", a warlord in the Ayutthaya period, it was another important work in my life. This time, it will be the first time that the opus has written a story. Tamyanti's "Poison Swat" will be made in the form of a musical play. I can guarantee you that the music is very beautiful, not combined with the lights and sound on stage. Tickets are on sale on March 7 at all ThaiTicket Major branches, tel. 0-2262- 3456, and you can follow the news on Facebook : Scenario & Rachadalai.SPONSORED
"Mercury Goldfish" shocks listeners with a sad and heavy song, "Give Up (Enough)".|Mercury Goldfish (Mercury Goldfish) Mercury Goldfish revealed, "This song will be the polar opposite of the love madness: bitterness, tastelessness, surrender of someone who has found love that has not been successful many times. If you like this song, don't forget to share both the song and the MV, and let's listen to it a lot"SPONSORED, follow the music and watch the MV "Give Up (Enough)" : https://youtu.be/wAns6UwXNDk on all streaming channels.
Nicole Hoop Tigger After deciding to enter the industry, Clear Drama uses his parents' line as an artist.|He trained for 3 years for Ashira Therio or Tigger to become the first solo artist from G'NEST. It's called lace drop not far from the tree because there are parents who are legendary artists like Nicole Therio and Cat Jirasak. Latest Pan Phum Tigger has wielded his mother to open up on the table show Mam with the host of the mother, Mam Surivipa, ready to clear the drama using the parent line until she signed a contract as an artist under the famous label, how do you feel now that you have your own song? Nicole: Cute, we were in tears, the first day we sat there with tears in our eyes, which was tears of pride, it was like a smile, but it would climb to the next level. I'm proud and happy for my child. My heart swelled and I was full of joy and I was happy for my parents. Nicole: He chose his dad's song to sing with. At first, sing our song. We don't cry, but we sing. Her Man (Cat Daddy's Song) It's a song we've been liking for a long time, and it's been hit by Enough Tigger. Tigger: I started because my mom had a Mother's Day party in Chiang Mai and he wanted me to play guitar and sing, that was the first step in playing guitar as an artist, like he waited for the music, played it for a while and we tried to write the song ourselves, do it ourselves. It's like we're the ones who signed the contract, but it's more because he's our child. It's more overwhelming than how it feels to be an artist ourselves, like we can get him there, and we're out of our worries. He has done what his dream has come true. When I signed the tears, I cried again at the signing table and broke into the whole room, so I practiced for a long time? I learned a lot and the teacher asked if there was a new camp to audition. It was the first day we sang and played guitar to anyone, didn't we? Because a lot of people think that both mom and dad are at the Grammys?Tigger: Yes. It took me 3 years to train because the impatient ones would have left their dreams a long time ago. It's passion when I learn my own music, to the teacher myself, it's passion, but when it's training, it's a pattern that we have to take responsibility for, and it also helps to adjust our mindset to feel more responsible, to spend time with myself and what I do. Everyone has to be worried or worried, but to do anything, but asking if it's scary is not so much. We felt that it was better for him to be in the profession that we were doing. At least I think it's like this. The work we do, can we give advice or share experiences? TIGGER: NO, BECAUSE WE LIVE IN DIFFERENT ERAS, LIKE WE ARE OURSELVES, WE DO THE BEST OF OUR ABILITIES, AND THE REST OF THE FANS CAN DECIDE WHETHER TO LISTEN OR WHAT.
"Bogie Lion" is full of fun for the first solo concert. The Mother Artist of the Era|I'm so impressed with my mother. For the first full-length solo concert "Chang Cold Brew Cool Club presents BOWKY LION LANTA CONCERT" by female artist "BOWKY LION" or "Bogie-Pichayasini Weerasuthimas" under the record label What The Duck that transformed Thunder Dome Muang Thong Thani into a world of "Bogie Lion", it represents the strong faith of those who are not confident in themselves that day. To a day when you are fully confident in your musical journey, come up with the concept of opening the prophecy card throughout 10 years of your life as an artist. Collect hits and epic shows. A full-fledged production of light, color, and sound with special guests of 3 trending girl groups. Nowadays, PiXXiE is bright. Milli rapper who carries energy and is indispensable to best friends like "THE TOYS, Wan Wan Wan". Bogie Lion's sister sings in the show "Drawn", a sad song that brings tears to her eyes. "Bogie Lion" in another dimension that captivates every heart, worthy of being a true artist of the era!!
Ananda-Nat celebrates wedding by the sea in Krabi province Beautiful see-through bridal gown|Recently attended the sweet wedding ceremony on February 19, 2023, and there was a very touching moment that many people followed for the famous couple like the young hero Ananda Everingham and Nat Nicha Thanalongkorn. Businessman's girlfriend, family members, close friends and friends attended the event. Ananda-Nat held a wedding celebration in Krabi province on February 22, with family members and close friends who traveled to witness the couple's love.  But that made many people eye-catching. It's a picture of a bride like Nat in a sexy white see-through dress swaying in the sea breeze. Show off your beautiful body I can tell you that the dress is beautiful and fits the position of the designer who owns the brand's shirt room. NICHA really.  
Thai fans have hehe. THE BOYS PLANET REALITY SHOW COMES WITH THAI SUBTITLES AND IS FREE TO WATCH.|BOYS PLANET, A SURVIVING REALITY COMPETITION OF 98 BOYS TRAINEES, WHERE VIEWERS WILL JUDGE THEIR PATH TO BECOMING A KOREAN BOY BAND, AIRS EVERY THURSDAY. Starting February 2nd from 6:00 pm (Thailand time) for a total of 12 weeks, you can watch live with Thai subtitles for free and win big prizes on AfreecaTV. There are also idols who have already debuted in the competition, which has created a lot of buzz on social media. The competition is divided into 2 groups: K-Group (Korea), Korean trainees and G-Group (Global), foreign trainees. Starting February 2 at 6:00 p.m. LOCAL TIME on Channel afreecatv.com/kpopth AfreecaTV is an online media platform and live stream that allows people from all over the world who like or are interested in becoming new and professional streamers to live stream for free. Viewers can watch live streaming content in K-POP, K-DRAMA, K-VARIETY, games, live esports events and entertainment through AfreecaTV website and application. Launched in 2006, AfreecaTV now has 25 million active accounts worldwide and more than 7,500 channels creating content per day. Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Vietnam and the United States, where our services cover a global audience.
Magnificent new Davika holds a good fortune to build a new house 200 million.|Earlier, news broke that the new superstar heroine, Davica Hoorne, had been arrested. She herself has revealed that she made merit for the house in February, most recently yesterday (February 23, 2023), the new girl has held a good fortune to make merit for a new house built on an area of more than 5 rai, with a total construction value of more than 200 million baht. Many relatives, friends and close friends in the industry attended the event, with the new girls updated through IG Stories to open some corners of the house. This work is very beautiful. IT'S WHITE AND COMFORTABLE, IT'S SUPER PLEASANT, IT'S CALLED HUGE, IT'S ELEGANT, IT'S ELEGANT, DON'T WAIT TO CATCH UP.
Phuket sweet and juicy Sayyes, a businessman's boyfriend, wears a ring by the beach.|Let alone wonder for a while that the love of the actor. Has the host of the girl Jip Pokchat Thiamchai reduced the status of the relationship? After not sharing a sweet moment with her businessman boyfriend, she recently had to congratulate the girl. After being attacked by her boyfriend, a businessman wears a ring by the beach. The atmosphere went smoothly because everything went according to the men's plan, who intended to surprise the reservation. The boyfriend wore the ring in a romantic moment, with friends inside and outside the industry witnessing the romance. As for the feeling of being wearing this ring, I'll have to wait. SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Pai Sitank Kuang Nik Thanik Christian Wedding Simple but Warm|Actress Pai Sitank Punnaphop holds a good day today, February 24, wielding her boyfriend's arm outside the industry. Nik Thanik Phuwanattray enters the wedding gate. After being asked to marry by the sea in August last year at 9.30 am, Pai-Nik attended a Christian wedding ceremony at The Redeemer Church, Soi Ruamrudee. The atmosphere is filled with love. Only families and relatives of both parties witnessed the ceremony, took their vows, and exchanged christian rings as a pledge to love and care for each other forever. In the presence of the elder relatives of both parties, which is a sacred ceremony according to religious principles. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to congratulate Pai-Nik on starting a double life.
Chick Phichittra Accept husband Boy Peacemaker There is a problem in bed.|For actress Chick Phichittra, who has revealed about korean polyps and updated her marriage to husband Boy Peacemaker, and many people still think that husbands are very afraid of their wives because they are neat but scolded with their husbands. All the issues in the talk show SHOW aired on Channel 31 with PK Piyawat, Ning Panita and The Master as one of the moderators of the show? BISEXUAL BROTHER, BISEXUAL BROTHER, WE WILL TAKE SOME MODIFICATIONS OF THE WORDS, SOME CAPTIONS MY HUSBAND IS A THINKER BECAUSE HE IS A FUNNY PERSON, A KOREAN ARTIST, PRESS THE CARD IN TIME WITH?SPONSORED CHICK: IT'S A TAN ON THE MOUNTAIN, I SEE IT REALLY OFTEN, ONE BAND, BUT HE COMES ONE BY ONE. We tried to press the card ourselves, we and our friends tried, but the seats were higher, did you ask to buy the card first?: It's our pride. Anyone who admires an artist or supports uses this natural channel. The card itself has been recently missed. I pressed the card a long time ago, but that day my mother was sick and fell a little suddenly. Chick: He wasn't a little nervous because Way didn't like it because he was handsome, we watched a variety show during COVID, and I didn't know he was a singer. Look at the comedy first, and then come to the music, brother boy understands, most of the time he will say go, he has some teases, update the marriage 4 years? There is a lot of companionship. Even though they are married, it makes very little adjustment. I haven't had to adjust a lot, I've been dating for about 12 years, my husband likes to have a crush? It wasn't okay at first, but it wasn't forbidden. He said it was an angle that people had never seen. He doesn't matter what you are. He'll know that chick hasn't been watching lately, maybe he's going to go down the tick-to-k channel, which we won't normally open. Chick: Have you ever deleted a clip of something, we really have to be angry with him, but he's angry with us. Chick: It's not a love frenzy, it's more empathetic, he knows what we like to eat, what he likes to do, he will make his husband not want to dress? He never said he didn't want to. If you look at something you see, you'll say it's unfamiliar. He should have teased more, there were some pages to put the picture down. He went in and said he was going to burn it, and he poked it. If in everyday life, it's fairly close. We're not anyway. It's not uncomfortable at all. If there's a day when it's a little bit more. Chick: I can't answer that because it's not a big deal, like eating and sleeping. If we fight every day, it will be about us chasing him to the shower. MAYBE HE'LL FALL ASLEEP FOR A WHILE WHEN HE WAKES UP AT 4-5 A.M. AND THEN BATHES THE SPONSORED BACK FOR A FULL-FLEDGED DRAMA. Time discrepancies?chick: I get it for a while, I have some complaints, but if there are many dramas filmed at the same time. Will they say that they don't see each other face to face when they get a job? Brother Boy depends on our decision, he respects us, only gives us some more time for the family than the love scene? Maybe he watched or didn't watch. If you tell me beforehand if you have any concerns in advance, we don't know. He doesn't understand what the camera angle is, it helps. How was it taken? If our family is stressed, we should put some pressure, so we don't tell, but most of the chick will be the camera angle. The limit to having to hurry back around tomorrow morning, having a job, not really knowing what it's like, people think that husbands are afraid of their wives? He would tell me what time it was, but he didn't go anywhere. I don't know if he's scared because he never said there was a problem in bed?chick: Brother Boy is a deep sleeper, he will sleep late because he plays concerts. Sometimes he sleeps on the couch, we wake him up to sleep in the room, wake up for a long time rather than wake up. So we let the hotel knock on the room and open the door, that he was asleep, but not every day.
Young mystery tuk buys 8 million services. Ask for a deposit before work.|It is another singer who has a long queue of events several months in advance for Jae Nongpanee Interior because of its entertainment line. The show is fun and playful and sexy. This event is so hot that the girls are so hot that they barely have time to rest. Make the girl even have to hold her temples, headaches with strange stories. When a young director came in and asked the singer on the Jahbrand page, he took a message and posted it on his Instagram. The message in the chat reads, "Besides singing jobs, do you get other jobs?" To which the young man replied, "8 million sex, do you accept it?" Before the admin immediately replied, "Where do you get it? After Jah Nongpanee Post such a photo. He wrote a hilarious caption: "I never thought that our lives were so precious. Oh yes, I'm stressed, I'm waiting for you to deposit." Senior singer Joey Boy commented, "Uh huh. THE BAND WAS READY TO PLAY WHILE THERE WAS A WITNESS" AND "HEREINAFTER HER NAME IS "JAH BUG EIGHT MILLION", BEFORE JAH CAME IN AND COMMENTED IN A FUNNY REPLY, "555 IS STRESSED, WAITING FOR THE DEPOSIT"SPONSORED
Joey Boy ready to witness Jae Nongpanee being offered 8 million.|In this day and age, many celebrity actors are offered money for employment. Some of them have come out to warn each other according to the news that we saw, as well as the girl Jae Nongpanee Interior, a singer with a good voice called Sai Ha who recently made a personal Instagram move. Revealing the picture of the chat that was tucked away, "Besides getting a singing job, getting another job, having sex 8 million, getting it?" The girl replied, "Where do you get it, our team is ready, from the admin, is there a deposit?" She added a caption under the post, adding, "I never thought our lives were so precious. Oh yes, I'm stressed, I'm waiting for you to deposit," I said, "I can tell you that this event is still being enjoyed by friends in the entertainment industry and fans. They've all commented on it. As well as young singer Joey Boy, he even asked to be witnessed. Commenting underneath the post, he said, "Uh-huh. We're ready to play while we have, witness." IT'S DEFINITELY HILARIOUS.SPONSORED
The singer is ill in the hospital. Often, the behavior is so bad that the nurse invites them out. |This weekend, there's homework to be done again. After the page rang out, the singer became ill and frequently hospitalized. The behavior was so bad that the nurse even had to invite him out, which the post said, "Pontoon! The singer is sick in the hospital. Often, I only play with drugs and I don't do anything. The nurse opened it and found it. Tell me to come out, play until I'm swollen." After dropping several more hints underneath the post, he added, "Listen, listen carefully. Milk Turban I don't sleep in" is the first hint. The other person who interpreted it as a '90s singer, what am I good at first, what is wrong with communicating, to see clearly, I take it to the beginning of the end itself, very good!". GET NETIZENS TO COMMENT ON THIS EVENTSPONSORED
Lala Arsiam repairs her sister. Prepare before having a husband|I've been single for a long time for Lala Arsiam or Kwannapa Ruangsri, but recently I saw that I shouldn't be single anymore because of the news that I'm dating the drummer of Kong Huai Rai. To what extent the relationship has evolved is unknown, but it is certain. Now he sneaks up to do this mini-reparation, saying that he can't do it for real, and he also livestreamed it while doing the reparation. Make your friends tease each other big and say, "This is a big deal. Preparing to go? Lala revealed: "We're in the middle of a conversation right now, and it's a good feeling that people are asking questions, this is about each other. Today, it's live, Lala has a problem with urinary incontinence. It's been like this for a long time. When we came to take care of the beauty, I consulted the doctor. I realized that there was a mini-reparation, a tool to repair our sister. WITHOUT SURGERY, NO REHABILITATION, SO I DECIDED TO DO SPONSORED WHEN THE MACHINE WENT INSIDE AND IT FELT WEIRD, IT WAS EMBARRASSING, AND I THANKED THE DOCTOR FOR OPENING UP NEW EXPERIENCES (LAUGHS). A friend who watched the live event came in and teased that this is preparing the sister to have a husband, is it really possible to have a husband or not have a husband? Women have hidden spots to take care of, and Lala is like the look of our faces. We also want our sisters to be as beautiful and pink as our faces. The effect of the reparation not only tightens the problem of urinary incontinence, but also makes our sister pink, it is worth it. Next time, I'll tell you how it was after doing it. Women don't stop being beautiful. We have to be beautiful inside and out (laughs)."
Mo Amina and friends Bring flowers and horse dolls to commemorate Melon Nida passed away for 1 year (clip)|It's been 1 year. For the passing of the famous actress Melon Nida Patcharaveerapong or Melon Pattarathida, which on February 24, 2023, the actress Her sister, Mo Amina Pinit, along with 6-7 other friends, came to The Pavilion of Gvetita. Methodist Church, Rangsit and Cremation Klong 4 Klongluang Friends brought a vase of flowers and a white horse doll to the front of the watermelon store to commemorate the passing of the watermelon. After he was involved in an accident, he fell from a speedboat in the Chao Phraya River. On February 24, 2022, rescue teams searched for the actress's body to the best of their ability before finding the body of a watermelon near Phibun Songkhram Pier. 1 On the afternoon of February 26, 2022.SPONSORED
Melon Nida, the late actress, passed away for 1 year, but everyone still misses her.|Because February 24 is the one-year anniversary of actress Melon Nida Patcharaveerapong's passing away from fans forever. After falling off a speedboat in the Chao Phraya River after taking a boat to eat with friends, the actress's body was found near Phibun Songkhram Pier. 1 On the afternoon of February 26, 2022, from that day until today, it has been 1 year since Melon Nida passed away. A close friend of Watermelon who also came here with a picture of watermelon to commemorate his friend's 1-year passing, and also a Vietnamese fan came to commemorate the passing of watermelon at Phibun Songkhram Pier.1 AS WELL AS THE GENERAL PUBLIC, WHO PERIODICALLY COME TO COMMEMORATE THE PASSING OF THE ACTRESS, SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Pai Sitaungs-Nik Thanik Wedding sweet pledge to live side by side, good or bad. |After the morning. Actress Pai Sitangs Punpop Wielding her boyfriend's arm outside the industry Nik Thanik Phuwanattray attended the Christian wedding ceremony at The Athenee Hotel Bangkok, a luxury collection hotel, with only families and relatives of both parties, emphasizing simplicity but still being followed by traditions. Hand over the bowls and ring ceremony and the ceremony of paying homage to and depositing the meat. Then at 17.00, Pai-Nik opened up to the media, revealing that he was excited today. Nick was excited, afraid of a bad job, but he was comfortable that everything was fine. They also pledged that we would be together forever. Whether it's good or bad, Nick also says that he likes Pai to take good care of me. Think of me all the time. Pai said Nick was happy with us with a smile. On days when we are tired. He will always be the one by our side. AS FOR THE LITTLE HEIRS, BOTH OF THEM SAY THAT IT IS NOT NOW.
"Neramit Film Film" together with "Transformation Film" awakens "Sangkrasue 2"|The 4-year wait has come to an end, and Transformation Film and Transformation Film have teamed up to create the romantic-thriller sequel "Sangkrasue 2", directed by Dee-Papangkorn Punchanrak, starring Ning-Chanya McClure, JJ-Krishnapoom. Piboonsongkram, Noi–Krisda Sukosol Clapp, Em–Bhumipat Thavornsiri and Joe Cummins The beginning of "Sang Krasue 2" took place when Dee–Papangkorn was approached by a senior director. Wisit He directed the film. From people who don't believe in ghosts but have to tell mythical ghost stories like "Krasue", the difficulty lies in the development of the script. How does the problem have to be presented to him and the younger generation who don't believe in kratom? The director revealed, "When I was contacted to do this story, it was Seyyes, part 2, my problem was to do something different, the pressure was more there, this part has a new dimension that presents the audience, it really should be about love, it may be like a horror movie or a monster, but this story will be filled with the love of all the characters." Watch march 30 in theaters.
"Jack" gets hit hard!|"Know Face, Don't Know Who's That?" is a reunion of two couples of different ages who represent themselves as fathers and sons in the industry for Pong-Kapol and the agitated young Jack-Chalermpol. This event has to be a race to find the prasani that the show focuses on, whether it is a show, singing or bringing items worth up to 10 million baht!! But of course, who wins or loses, I don't know. Heavy duty It's called a full-fledged revenge powder sprinkle until it makes Boss A-Warawut. The host of the show even stood and blushed because there was no space left. The same page to see. For this event, Jack will be able to take it back or not, so watch "Know Face, Don't Know Who's That?", Saturday, Feb. 25 at 6:20 p.m. on Channel 3HD.
"Continued" dark competition "Gun, Sai Hemp, Fei, Sugar" solves the mystery "Midnight Museum, The Dark Museum"|"Midnight Museum" from GMMTV tells the mysterious mystery story led by the talented actors "Per-Thanapop" orbiting the role with the quality cast of "Kan-Attaphan, Sai hemp-Apinya, Fei-Phatra, Sugar-Tipnaree, Ployphat-Phatthorn, etc." The coffee shop staff faces a stalemate with economic poisoning, forcing the café to shut down, but Dom receives an offer from the scepter (per-thanapop). A MYSTERIOUS CUSTOMER WHO OFTEN ORDERS COFFEE BUT DOESN'T EVEN GIVE A SIP INVITES HIM TO WORK AT A MYSTERIOUS MUSEUM THAT IS ONLY OPEN AFTER SUNSET. Dom meets Triphop (Fei-Phatra), the custodian of the Dark Museum, who forbids the Dome from interfering with Zone 16. A young colleague about the "Red Bride" causes Dom to interfere with this danger zone and inadvertently awaken the paranormal of the items in zone 16, causing almost all the paranormal items in zone 16 to slip outside and also meet Antika (Sai hemp Apinya). A young woman with mysterious powers and hidden purpose, what will the story be? Tune in every Monday-Tuesday at 8.30pm on GMM25 and at 10.30pm on Viu. Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
"Please. Buakhamsri" waded into real space, live reported the war in Ukraine on the show "Around the World Daily".|Returning to the international field news area in 3 years, please Buakhamsri, the host of "Around the World Daily" on PPTV HD Channel 36, who has more than 20 years of experience in both domestic and international news, and a strong female journalist packs her suitcase to Ukraine to report live from the battleground area between Russia and Ukraine. Past "Around the World Daily" Presenting the news of the war situation in Ukraine since the first day, totaling more than 300 days, this trip of Please Buakhamsri is the first real news raid in 3 years to experience the context of the threat of war in Ukraine and the prolonged loss of 1 year on February 24. Live coverage from Ukraine will be available daily until February 25 on "Around the World Daily" every Monday-Friday 21.00-21.45 and Saturday-Sunday 17.30-18.00 on PPTV Channel 36.SPONSORED.
Dr. Lam Yuki Penpaka signed a contract with Golden Jar Prajakchai, announcing the welcome.|Make the doctor shake. When the heroine of the doctor lam sounds wobbly, Yuki Penpaka announced her retirement from the Faculty of Doctor Lam Sang Wihak, stating in a message on her personal social media a few days ago that she was uncomfortable and had problems with some work. When Prajakchai came out to welcome Yuki Penpaka Another post stated that "#ยูกิ Yuki Penpaka Fah sent her as a superstar doctor Lam to Golden Jar Records camp when she first asked for a month off, but I contacted my father and Yuki last night because the media contacted me for an interview until the line burned. Central Khon Kaen ready to sign a contract for golden jars Immediately...the merits to each other, the canons are tie-vasana to each other, so they come together. Thank you Fc. Yuki for following me as before. I will continue to expand the loudness for you to the best of my ability...."Among the netizens who came to congratulate Yuki a lot and said that they will support her work forever.
Who's that? Jade-faced hero Preparing to break up with his girlfriend, but eventually getting threatened.|There's homework to be done for the legs to work on again. After the famous entertainment news host Tao TV Pool posted a message to the jade-faced hero preparing to break up his girlfriend, but finally did not quit because he was threatened beforehand, he stated on his personal Instagram that "Threatened!!!??? jade-faced hero prepares to break up his girlfriend but was threatened?", with the caption under the post adding, "Quit hurt, don't quit, it hurts???", believing that this event netizens are doing their homework. Guess who that hero is.
Seize penthouse 245 million baht "Mek Rama" Husband "Yadthip" Pong Yan money laundering involved in forex case (clip)|PPONG seized a luxury penthouse worth 245 million baht of "Mek-Rama Radharama". Husband of the young heroine "Yadthip Rajpal" Found the money path of "Apirak Kotthi", the big boss shares the forex chain 3D, preparing to call him to clarify the origin. The young heroine posted ig. Confirming the husband is not involved in the 3D forex chain sharing case, correctly stated the purchase on a consignment basis. The full evidence has become a hot topic in the 3D forex chain sharing case again. After Mr. Chuvit Kamolvisit Open the issue of posting a message on Facebook, telling the story of a millionaire man with the initials M.M. and a beautiful actress. In front of the scene is a successful young man in a luxury penthouse costing over 200 million baht. Driving a luxury sports car follows the lifestyle of a wealthy young man. The Thai-Thai actress chose a young man with a background involved in a gray business. Just one day later, there was news from the Office of the President. Seize Mr. Rama's luxury penthouse, or Cloud, Radharama. The businessman's husband, Yadthip Rajpal, is linked to the money route of 3D forex share executive Apirak Kotthi, who is being held in prison for this. At 5:42 p.m. on Feb. 24, Mr. Thepsu Bowonchotidara Deputy Secretary-General The Acting Secretary-General said that as the media presented the news of the seizure of luxury penthouses, the company was not aware of the seizure of the property. The 245-million-baht worth of the actress's husband, a case that is in the interest of the media and the public. In this regard, the Office of the President I would like to inform the media and the public that this case is a property proceeding in the 3D Forex case by PPONG. THE LUXURY PENTHOUSE IN SUKHUMVIT AREA OF 438.35 SQUARE METERS IS PART OF THE LIST OF ASSETS RELATED TO THE CASE, WHICH HAVE ALREADY BEEN SEIZED AND FROZEN. One person revealed that after the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) Hand over the accounts of assets involved in the offense in the chain-sharing case. Forex 3D came to the P.O.C. to prosecute the civil case. Upon inspection of the property list, a penthouse worth 245 million baht was found. It is located in the heart of Mr. Rama's Sukhumvit area, or Cloud, included. At this time, the P.O.P. has completed the suspension. The prosecution is still in court. The penthouse is a list of assets acquired through money laundering. DSI checks every financial trail before finding this property. When it comes to this case, the DSI is responsible for criminal prosecution. While the P.O.P. It is responsible for civil litigation. However, the main function of the P.O.C. is to prove the list of assets based on whether they knew or should have known about the purchase or acquisition in good faith or with fraudulent intent, etc., in order to call the property owner to clarify the acquisition of the property. The case is currently in court. The details in the idiom are not disclosed because it may affect the work of the practitioners," the previous senior official said actress Yadthip Rajpal via Instagram. Insisted the husband had nothing to do with the 3D forex chain sharing case, stating that the luxury condo was properly purchased. There was complete evidence and the sale deed was purchased through a broker before Mr. Apirak Kotthi, the 3D forex chain sharer, was arrested and prosecuted for the 3D forex chain sharing case that caused billions of baht in damages to the victims. The Department of Special Investigation (DSI) is currently prosecuting Mr. Apirak Kotthi, a key accused with them, and has already prosecuted three groups of accused. The court later ordered his release. Pinkie came out under certain conditions. There are also celebrity couples of the industry. DJ Man-Pattanapol Kuncharn Na Ayutthaya and Baitoey-Sutheewan Kunchara have also been charged with conspiring to make fraudulent loans to the public. Together, they defraud the public and jointly put it into the computer system. False computer information that is likely to cause damage to others or the public. The special prosecutor is scheduled to hear whether to file charges on March 16.
Pinky Savika posted about Watermelon Nida. Netizens admire the friendship of friends.|February 24 marks the one-year anniversary of actress Melon Nida passing away in a speedboat accident on the Chao Phraya River. One of them, Pinky Savika, another close friend of Watermelon, posted a photo of the couple when they were young on Instagram and wrote, "Forever missed @melonp.official #ขออนุญาติเอารูปมาลงนะเพื่อน".
Open source Pai Sitaungs bridal gown, elegant from Thai brand, designed specifically.|A beautiful red bridal gown from a Thai brand. Let's start with the Christian ceremonial dress. The church dress in the Wanash Couture Room, inspired by the British Princess dress, was designed to be a smooth off-white ballgown with an elaborate tailoring. The shirt is long-sleeved, the neck climbs see-through, the inside is a white chest that uses imported silk. The see-through fabric is elaborated with small crystals. It looks smooth and shines beautifully. Fastened with a belt that connects the blouse and skirt perfectly and beautifully according to the European princess's style, later the Thai ceremonial dress is a modern Thai Sivalai dress with a fishtail. Sewn with hand-woven silk, raised pink lampoon flowers, beige lotus petals. The shirt is made of glass silk embroidered with Swarovski crystals, with a small front shaped bib. The rounded ends are embroidered with a variety of crystals. The garment is made in a mermaid shape, but the face is still in the style of traditional Thai dress. Embroidered with vine glass flowers and embroidered on top of the glittering blouse, the final sponsored pink glass crystals at press conferences and wedding ceremonies are designed to look like a mermaid bridal wedding dress. The blouse is a V-neck shape that highlights the beautiful shape of the bride. The back is designed with a deep V-shape, revealing the beautiful skin of the bride. Decorated with different types of French lace, the entire set is embroidered with crystals to create a glitter and dimension to create a balance of dresses. ELEGANT AND IMPECCABLE BEAUTY, EACH DRESS IS PRETTY BEAUTIFUL.SPONSORED
Priyada was removed from the drama because the heroine was uncomfortable working with her.|For 2 mothers and daughters, Priyada and Mother Lee, along with the super host Prairie. Priwan In the show, Scramble scenes where Dimpled Cheeks and Mom will tell everyone about their lives. Mother Lee talks about dedicating her life to raising her daughter by pushing her into the entertainment industry. Do whatever it takes for your beloved daughter to get a play. Before the dimpled cheeks said that I was playing a play today, I made my mother Lee prepare to tell me about it, but the dimpled cheeks told her not to tell. So Prairie asked me if I had been away from the entertainment industry for a while, and I said I wasn't missing anything, I was withdrawn. This one is not suitable, we understand, because we feel that we are not suitable for that person. When I moved on to another story. We're here first. We knew we were playing this story, but we were smaller, villains. Baw, damn it. It's not the protagonist when he catches the protagonist. The protagonist wasn't comfortable working with us, so we had to be the ones leaving, so we were sorry, so we changed when this wasn't our way. We can't beat him. WE WERE FAKE, WE INJECTED THEM ALL, SO WE SWITCHED TO LIVE INSTEAD.SPONSORED
Really? Hail. Araporn After the news broke, my mother cleared her mind not to talk to each other.|The mother singer, Hai. Kim Leng's mother recently opened the cute mother-daughter moment and announced the good news that her mother has recovered from Alzheimer's, and also recounted the incident where the couple had been wrong not to talk to each other for 10 days, including the issue that netizens have been talking about secretly sucking their baby through the talk show. On Channel 31, with Peggy Srithanya and Teacher as one, the host of the show, Brother Hai is very fond of mommy? All siblings have families. She had no one, she was left alone, and she was pure love. He hasn't been hit by a man's hand since his husband's death in years. My mother was a lovely person, straight as a ruler. Mom: I love him, he takes care of everything, but Huang Gin Hai: I don't want him to eat sweets, what is fried of it, we won't let him eat it. I used to get angry. What's up, it's Huang Gu eats everything: I'm so angry that I didn't talk to him and called to sue all the children that he didn't let Gu eat anything. It only gives Gu to eat rice, it will let Gu die. Why should I be so angry? Mom: I don't want to eat anything, I just want to eat a little bit of sweetness, I don't eat sweets, I can't go to the doctor. Hai: I went to the hospital and slept for a week. I don't know what it is. My head is going to burn, doctor, eh, since I have no disease, what is it? My mother has pressure, diabetes, fat, and the fat in the boiling line is a lot. I sat down to analyze it, took it to the doctor, didn't recover, and took it to the monk again. No, it's not. We have to go, do we? You can go back. It shows that there is a lot of fat, I called a traditional doctor to massage compresses for 4 years and then I did not go to the hospital before not eating, how to steal to eat, there are things to eat? We're going to be together for a long time. I have to listen, I said, I didn't torture my mother. I just took my mom to the doctor. I can only talk to my mother, but the one who suffers the most is my mother. I've been listening for about 3-4 years now, so I'm very close at one point when my mom was experiencing Alzheimer's disease. The teacher talked to him. Maybe we give you money, you don't know where to put it. And then one day it was heavy, I took the medicine 3 times? Mung took Gu to the hospital, where she was very scared of the hospital, what were the symptoms that day? Hai: I was shocked, I saw the medicine, I saw 2-3 packets of medicine, I told my mother how many rounds I had taken, Gu said that I had only taken one round, but I thought I should have taken 2-3 rounds, so we took it to the hospital. The doctor gave him saline and treated him in his way, and then for a while you got better, and then when you were in the hospital, you were curious that you didn't visit, even though it was already in the morning, but you don't remember. Mom, remember? Mom said. Ergu forget, it's been like this for 3-4 years, I'm very stressed, so we sat down to watch a book about Alzheimer's disease. What do we have to do? THE FIRST STEP IS TO KEEP THE BRAIN RUNNING ALL THE TIME, AND THEN WE FIND OUT ALL THE WAYS THAT HE SAYS ARE GOOD ON THE PLANET, ARRANGE FOR YOU EVERYTHING, SPONSORED, IS THERE ANY DISCOURAGEMENT?: ASK IF YOU ARE DISCOURAGED, NOT DISCOURAGED. We can't leave anyway, it's exhausting to feed the old people 1. Stupid 2. We scold the word mom, it's neck-crushing, we can't do much. When we can't speak, we bend over, we try to see for 10 days, mom knows that she is very worried about her mother? My mom is 100% healed today. Rats use mental healing. When we treat old people, it's like raising a child. Before raising us, we had to raise him like we were kids, so why take care of a single mother? Hay: He doesn't know the heart of an old man. If my mother stays with someone else for a week or 10 days, she will get sick again. What he ate, he gave his mother to eat like that. Now he knows it. When my mother wanted to go, she kept Gu on the 8th floor. in this way Why do you think so?: I can't go anywhere, I can't go by myself, Mom: I can't go back, I don't remember the room. Mom: I don't want to be with this baby, I want to be with this baby, I love you, I love you often?: No, I don't want to fight with him, I better walk away like 10 days ago, I don't say it, I don't have a reason. Mom: Sitting and waiting, I haven't come back yet: That day was a long time ago, I went to work around 5pm, at first we thought that the nurse would say that, so we turned on the camera at the house. And after that night we didn't talk, we didn't get angry, so we waited at the dining table. I don't know when it's going to come down. He flinched, but he felt a little uncomfortable, so he walked out. Don't argue. My mom said this, I was hard to live with, so I walked out and didn't go to him at all, and I looked at it every day for 10 days until the New Year's trip. We went on a trip to Luang Prabang, so it was a little bit of a story, the old man thought about it. Once we talked, we finished. When we make merit, we ask mom to go before us. Because we don't know who's going to go first. We leave the house every day. We'll send mom as far as we can, and then that day, if it comes, we know that we can't escape, mom, is it true that many adults are afraid of going to the hospital because they are afraid of not coming back? Because you want to eat chicken? He plays. He hit the. He raises his own chickens, and he doesn't let them eat. This person doesn't give you food, this is sowing rice, how many chickens have you eat?hay: 3 chickens, it's a, dad should be jealous because it's not a chicken to eat?Mom: Tell him coconut residue fell on him at a time when he was a child he didn't know. Grade 1-4 I don't have underwear, so I don't wear them, we walk, we get used to it, one day we are afraid of everyone stinking, afraid of smelling bad, that day we took pictures, we were small, we were in the front row, and the storm came, and we didn't know where to close. Close the page or close the back well. When my friend realized we weren't wearing panties, it always opened the skirt. I don't wear panties, I'm embarrassed, it's very sad. It's a big deal for us. We were embarrassed, so we didn't go to school again, 3 weeks the teacher came to the house, we and my sister went to the field and dad went to meet mom, we climbed upstairs, dad seemed to know the wood very well, hit half a dozen, hit the red ass, dad asked what happened, so mom went to buy panties for different people with my sister. When I got my first pants, I challenged them from 1st to 6th grade. Backflips against goo mai, somersaults all day, back home in a hole. We don't know when it was broken, and then one day my mother bought me clothes and got bitten by a snake. This kid, we love him. He never cried, stayed with us to do the mite, he did. I want to be a child if I'm going to raise my mom. Mom: That's it.
Seine Wisapat moves after watermelon mother sues 40 million people on board|After yesterday (February 24, 2023) marked the 1st anniversary of the passing of actress Melon Nida Patcharaveerapong, Taeng's mother, Panida Sirayuthyothin, gave an interview through an open interview with Proud. Thairath TV 32 sued for an additional 40 million baht in damages. Poe Roberts has paid 9.2 million. Wisapat, one of the members on board, moved on by posting a message on his personal Instagram saying, "Mr. Mama, pity the rats that the steering wheel of the boat has not caught as just passengers, why call more from the rats than the boat driver. A year ago, I got the word "defendant" because the social trend was more than enough for what happened. Justice is for everyone...", the caption underneath the post reads, "The truth is not believed, the witnesses and evidence should be believed#เป็นแค่ผู้โดยสารแต่ได้เป็นจําเลย #ความคิดเห็นเชิงลบใช้คําหยาบคายต่อไปนี้ไม่ทนแล้วนะคะ".SPONSORED
Ahn Bhuwanath Nay Yadthip-husband after being linked to money laundering in FOREX-3D case|After the P.O.P. Seize 200 million luxury penthouse, DSI calls for examination of husband of actress Yadthip Rajpal and DSI calls Mek Rama Radharama Because of the money laundering case related to the FOREX-3D case, DSI has not concluded the expressions According to the news, the famous host Ahn Phuwanath Kunpin commented on #ข่าวจบคนไม่จบ EP69 Ahn Phuwanath & Guest Khampaka with 3 hot topics, which Ahn talked about this matter, "For some people, if they are tricked into investing, they will become victims but are not part of the process. Before ending this news, Ahn Phuwanath also advised Yadthip, "As for Yad, if you are confident with your husband. If you are confident, you have to come out and explain, and the justice system must be fast, because if he is not wrong, like you killed him alive, because the slower the person believes, the more he concludes that he is wrong."
Congratulations. Son Chudapa Sweet Wedding Pad Thai daughter Companionship from mother to child|It's a delightful news. Yesterday (February 24, 2023), the heirs of the entertainers attended the wedding ceremony. Daughter Pad Thai Happy, Good, Good, and Jinzhou Son Chu Chudapa Chantakhet, with entertainers both in the foreground and behind the scenes, attended the event to congratulate the newlyweds in large numbers. Many people also revealed the heartfelt moments of Mother Chudapa and Mother Pad Thai, who saw their two children as the lid. WITH TEARS IN HER EYES, SITTING HAND IN HAND IS A VERY TOUCHING SIGHT, CAUSING MANY FANS AND ENTERTAINERS TO CONGRATULATE THE NEWLYWEDS.
Dr. Lam's sad doctor Nittaya Sarakham After fighting until the last breath.|It is another sad news for the country music industry. When the famous singer Nittaya Sarakham Topline passed away. Today (February 25, 2023), Teacher Lom Burapha shared this sad news via Facebook. Teacher Lom Burapha Fah Hong said: "Go be an angel in heaven. Nittaya Sarakham Topline Aye life grows, fights, fights until the last breath for loved ones and their families, respects the heart hangs. Accept the burden of carrying alone until it is difficult for yourself. But so far, I want people to see the weakness of will, and I would like to inform all my friends, brothers and sisters. Nittaya passed away with pneumonia. Today at 9:16 a.m., I'm working on bringing my body to the farm. Phurua District, Loei Province (Khoi Bo is very difficult to post, so I lost my mind) Love and mourning From Teacher Lom Burapha"Thairath Entertainment Online would like to offer our condolences to Nittaya Sarakham's family.
Tukki Sudarat Take a new seat. I'm proud to have achieved my dream.|It is another female comedy that is very talented in both singing and singing. Performances for Tukky Sudarat, who has done a lot in the entertainment industry, is an actor, singer, and singer. Host & Latest Tukki has already made another dream of his own. She posted a message on her Instagram to let everyone know that she was about to start doing something new that she had wanted to do for a long time: "One dream of doing it is directing a movie. Embark on Start this project for a while, left is hero, right is producer. If it's complete, I'll tell you about it." This event has a lot of entertainers commenting to congratulate Tukky, some of whom have come to ask for a role to play in tukky's movie as well.
Ava launches siblings, shocks netizens The latter is known to be a relative of the famous singer.|Anyone who is a big fan of Ava Pawarawan Weerapuchank or Ava six scenes will know that she is one of the hundred million descendants of the Weerapuchank family, and it will be known that Ava has 2 sisters and 1 sister. It is said to be a 100 million fashion clip of Ava's relatives, with the debut of their first relative, Mudmi Pimdao. singer THE ACTRESS WAS SHOCKED BECAUSE SHE DIDN'T THINK THAT MUDMI AND AVA WERE RELATIVES, BOTH OF WHOM WERE COUSINS, RELATIVES ON EVA'S MOTHER'S SIDE, AND AVA ALSO SAID THAT HER GRANDFATHER HAD 8 NIECES AND NOT EVEN ONE GRANDSON.
New Chaipol just found out. April Rich Ten Billion The women reasoned for fear of being deceived.|That the parents of the red label like Young New Chaipol and his beautiful wife April Kittima, the billionaire heir to the carabao red business. The couple revealed their romance: "At first I didn't know he was a rich billionaire because they knew each other when he was an intern, and then he was a star. When he went to apply for The Star, no one knew he was the daughter of Carabao Red. After 2 years of dating, SPONSORED doesn't remember where he came from, he didn't tell us, I thought it was a friend. When I found out, I was shocked for a moment, but I didn't think about what to do next. When they were dating, they rarely saw his family. "We were afraid of him tricking us, so we had to cover it up. But in the end, I was called home to go back to work, and we had to go to the office. We were called back to work from home, so we knew part of the truth and wanted to try it. Because people in the entertainment industry like to deceive, but they don't stereotype everyone, because he is good at drama, it's also a self-save. The role he plays likes to deceive people. When I was confident, I took him to see my mother. At first, I didn't know he was a star, but the housekeeper asked me to take a picture, and I was afraid that my daughter would be deceived."
Chinese idol "Sunny Gewlin" fights loudly.|When 3 new blood actors in the industry "Nine Nop 9, Phi Phi Punnpreedee and St. Supapong" clashed with 3 seniors of the veteran thick blood "Mae Chom, Mae Aff and Young Dad" and the trainees are preparing to make their debut. "Mr. Storm" needs to be tested for your acting abilities. Theatrical plays, multi-emotional roles Everyone did a great job, but the most embarrassing thing thing was the pair of "Af&Zent" moms again!! The younger one gets in the way until his father catches him. "I'm so red!!" The 3 freshmen are really hot and have a huge fan following. He broke down in tears because he didn't expect to be loved so much... Let's continue to be happy with Thai artists who go to Go Inter in China. "Sunny Gewlin" is very hot. The album is ranked 8th in China. Seeing an aura of cuteness, playfulness. And I understand why only people love you until the birth of Sunstar!! But the path to success is not sprinkled with rose petals, you have to fight to make your debut, you have to prove yourself in every way, even if you have to shave me, "If you choose me, I can do it all. You can play a beautiful role, you can play a handsome role, or you can give me a hilarious one. Ready to take on Sonny's cuteness, rehearsing this aisle, waiting for the screen !!! follow the story in "3. This Sunday, 15 p.m., Channel 3 HD and watch back on www.youtube.com/polyplusentertainment
Prang Kannaran Netizens criticized after seeing the clip up singing the song - the dress has not passed (clip)|And recently, Prang got into a concert with singer Tytan held at IMPACT Arena, Muang Thong Thani. Netizens have criticized the actress' outfit and vocals. Prang wore a single strap with a floating waist and a silver short skirt, and wore long boots to match the dress, which netizens criticized for many things, such as "The skirt did not pass through, my mother's curry skirt a lot, the skirt is very much, the skirt is not surviving, but the face survives, let it pass". For example, "The sound of the voice, the music drowned out all the noise, the sound like shouting a lot but not out, not enough power, singing very well, but secretly a little lost"But there are netizens who have come to comment and encourage Prang both about dressing and singing as well, "Prang dresses anything is beautiful, but personally, the most beautiful when wearing a T-shirt and jeans is something natural, still beautiful like shouting, not a singer, but singing because I am not bullying, a pleasant society".
Who does Margie Rasri mean? Celebrities who have never met and asked to work again (video)|Let's get the netizens out of the way. When Margie Rasri Balenciaga faced a strong question. Have you ever worked with anyone and never asked to work together again? In the YouTube clip "Reunite the heroine of the gang "M.M." come to the challenge to answer the secret questions! The girls screamed loudly, mint teased if they ate it (if they didn't answer, they would be punished for eating lemon). Margie says "no", making the scream even harder, Margie says that she has never had anything to do with anyone, but only this person. The new section says that he shouldn't have a story. Margie continued, "He used to say to me, 'Let's see who's going to stay in the industry longer.'" Mint looked still and looked at Margie's face, even saying that it was very peaky, Margie said, "Talk like no one is around because I'm only sitting in the room talking to 2 people, but I'm recording." Very heavy, very new, very heavy. POINTING TO THE CAMERA, TELLING ME WHO DID IT, MY SPONSOREDMARGIE TOLD ME AGAIN. "Before I walked in, I thought, in case there's anything, pick up my phone and record it. Believe it or not, when I'm done, I go to all my friends and tell them not to explain anything. Everyone stayed silent and listened to the sound and then made a soothing gesture (pretending and sounding to see). Who can stay in this industry longer?" said Mew, who could use such cruel words? Tell me, new one, quickly hand over a pillow to cover Margie's face. That's when Margie said it. Mew even cried out to Margie, "That's why I recorded it." There is no punishment for mom because mom tells it all, and mom doesn't have to tell any acronyms.
"Tan-China" includes Mount Moy's head unfolding behind the set of "Hug Many My Lady".|The hottest part of the drama "Hug Many My Lady" on Channel 7HD, apart from the royal couple Euro-Yosawat and Phra Pae-Ramida Theerapat. I've got chemistry. Another pair that drama fans are equally excited about. The rising star actors Tan–Tantawan Thaddeo and Jean–Chertintara Pongpiradej, who play cute and curly, and today, let's take the couple to sit together without a mem, starting with a mouse first. Instead, "She's so cute...(smiling) is very friendly. He helped break down Tan's tense wall from the first day we met. I'll come in and ask this question, both the agent and my mother. It made Tan feel familiar, like we had been together for a long time, and when we filmed together, it was even closer. Instead, she will be there to advise you on work. When I got on set, I wasn't shy. She's playing well, so everything is going well." "If you want to talk about it. Tan's nickname is instead of one page, because he, no matter how glad he is, will regret it, will be stressed, he will be one-faced. His face was tight all the time, and at first I couldn't guess what he thought or felt, but when I worked together, I realized that Tan's identity was very gentle. Some days he walks and picks up water. Once I put down my glass, I walked away. He doesn't talk, he doesn't talk, he does. We'll see this lovely angle. In terms of work, instead of being a very attentive person, "SPONSORED, and then with fellow actors Euro-Yosawat, Phra Pae-Ramida, as well as the organizer and director, how is Teel-Tawan?" Since the time of filming my husband for the night, my brother would let me read aloud as a video clip to send to her every day. I'll have some advice back, I want to thank you very much. For Pei Yu, it must be called a partner in all matters. We used to work together in my husband for an night, but we didn't have a lot of scenes like this one. When I filmed this story, I had a long dialogue. Brother Yu will always be there to help you remember and guide you. As for the monks, this is so close that we just met for the first time. Because Brother Pie and Tan have many similarities. The two of us use the same everyday English. Study internationally as well. They have similar attitudes to life, so they can talk about everything. I'll talk a lot about personal things with him. "For China, she's very cute. There is adolescence. He will have a lot of energy to work. There is a fizz. There is both a brother and a father. The power of his work is passed on, and the actors will have the power to do so. He's a very easy person to brief us. As for Euro, the fact that we have the same manager is so close that we can see him in all kinds of ways, including Yuriko, Yuri and Euro (laughs). Sometimes it's like a 4-5-year-old, but when it comes to work, euros grow up a lot. He'll have a working mode separate from normal times. He's getting better by leaps and bounds because he's determined. He doesn't just remember his script, he also remembers the script of the person who entered the scene. I'm very proud of euro. As for the paddle, he will have energy similar to ours. Phra Pae is a bright heroine and then there is a lot of pomp along the way. China remembers the first day we met. He walked in and talked to China first and invited them to talk about it. It makes us feel that she's so cute, so funny too. The pie is a person with a very good memory. When we're resting, we'll sit down and talk about a lot of things. He's a very friendly guy." Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
7 years to fight back, Snack Genius wins Miss Grand 2023 crown Anna prepares to become a star|Congratulations to the beautiful 3B and star who can win the Miss Grand 2023 crown, Snack Ajcharee Srisuk, receiving the sash crown and prize money worth 400,000 baht. Last night (February 25, 2023) was a very beautiful night for Anna Warintorn, Provincial Director, Miss Grand Loei 2023, to officially enter the Grand Family. The Miss Grand Loei 2023 contest finals at Colosseum Show Pattaya are a giant event that closes the theater. Celebs, celebrities, net idols attended the event. Chief Executive Officer of Miss Grand International Public Company Limited, Ingfa Varaha, Nudi Arpriya, Charlotte Austin, Pink Atita Payak and Lukin Chanakarn Nasom Miss Grand Loei 2022SPONSORED Runner-up Section Nak who Kritsadaporn Who receives cash worth 300,000 baht Papular Vote and Utera Awards Anna Protein and 2nd runner-up Perth Natkan Kulchayawanat CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL POSITIONS.SPONSORED
Cleared The girl piled the car, note Udom to transfer the condo, is it the person who took it to the house from Phanom?|Many people who saw the clip on TikTok were very excited. After seeing the clip of the girl on TikTok, she posted a clip while riding a motorcycle in the back of Note Udom Taepanich with the message "Waen to transfer condo" and "Today is very lucky, thank you for a good day", which the girl is Milin, the famous girl on TikTok. She had to transfer land in Bang Kapi district often that day, accidentally met Brother Note, but the car was a lot, so she had to go to the parking lot, and Brother Note volunteered to drop it off. We spent less than 2 minutes together, and when we got there, she was kind enough to take another picture. The condo was not transferred to her in any way. I didn't go to the wedding registration as the news broke, and I wasn't a woman who went to Ja's house. He was also mentioned in solo 13.
Mew Nitta tells about the event and gets hit by the new Gunscene Davika also found at the same event (clip).|A really strong quiz clip for the clip "Reunite the heroine of the gang "M.M." to challenge the secret question! New Friends EP.3" on the YouTube channel Davikah Channel featuring 4 famous heroines of the new industry Davika Hoornne, Mew Nitta Jirasorn, Mint Chalida Vijitwongthong, Margie Rasri Balenciaga to raffle to answer secret questions in front of SPONSORED. The question that Mew Nitta came across was not light. When the raffle was asked, "Have you ever been to an event and seen a scene?" Mew even said he didn't want this question. Margie said, "I think I've been hit by everyone," Mint added, "and hit the same person." He opened his mouth and said, "Wait, it's very strong, you're hit by the same person", before turning to look at Mew's face and saying, "You got this question, you have to be the one to answer it." I'm wearing a dress on site, it's ok, we're very new. That's ok You don't have to be fitted. When I went backstage, I was gone, and the other one was gone. THE WORK HAS TO BEGIN," SPONSORED MINT THOUGHT AND SAID, "OH. I remember that. When I'm walking I was told to walk a little slowly," the new added. "Then I appeared on stage and I changed my clothes," New said, "It's finished (laughs)." Mew then handed over the 2 sticks, "The scene is over, let's say it's a point to post, right?"
Nat Natrath showed off his beautiful Korean girlfriend, but came across a comment asking if this is his girlfriend or aunt. |Revealing sweet moments for fans for the young hero Nat Natrath MORISE LEGRAND, WHO POSTED A CUTE VIDEO WITH HIS KOREAN GIRLFRIEND VIA HIS OWN CHANNEL TIKTOK, MANY PEOPLE WHO HAVE SEEN THE CLIP, HAVE COME TO CONGRATULATE NAT A LOT AND SAY THAT HE UNDERSTANDS WHY HE SEES NAT FLYING TO KOREA SO OFTEN, BUT HE HAS NOT BEEN CRITICIZED BY SOME NETIZENS FOR THE AGE AND FACE OF NAT'S KOREAN GIRLFRIEND BY ASKING IF HIS GIRLFRIEND OR AUNT, BOYFRIEND IS LIKE OLDER OR NOT, LIKE MOTHER AND CHILD, THINK HALF KOREAN HERO, ETC. SPONSORED, BUT NAT IS NOT ANGRY AT ALL. And Nat also said that his girlfriend is 33 and Nat himself is 34 and glad that at least we are like half Korean-hero.
New Davika Apologize for making a clip of the heroine of the gang M. answering secret questions.|It's become an issue for albino legs. New Friend EP.3" on Davikah Channel with best friends such as 3 heroines Margie Rasri, Mew Nitta, Mint Chalida joined the group to do a secret quiz challenge. When Margie answered the secret question "Who is not the best to work with and never asked to work with again", and recounted an incident in which a star said to him, "Wait to see who will be in the industry longer", and Margie recorded it. Before Mew told the story of a star disappearing before the event, he met again on stage to change his outfit, and he told that the star stood posing on the stage at the same spot as he was walking with (watch the clip). Why didn't I come out at the time, and some people thought it was a recording and then took it to someone else and told me who it was? Recently, Davika tweeted an apology after learning of the drama, saying, "I have to admit that David is really sorry for this content. Finally, David, thank you for your understanding." NETIZENS RETWEETED AND COMMENTED A LOT.SPONSORED
Fans hold a memorial for Melon Nida, who passed away for 1 year, bringing a picture to set up, asking for justice.|At 11.00 a.m. on February 26, 2023, a group of fans of Watermelon Nida Patcharaweerapong held a ceremony to commemorate the 1st anniversary of the passing of "Watermelon" at Phibun Songkhram Pier 1. NIDASPONSORED ALSO HAS MR. MONGKOLKIT SUKSINTARANON OR "TE 007". Leader of The Thai Sriwilai Party, Ms. Pakorn Chandrakhana Member of the House of Representatives of the Thai Sriwilai Party and Deputy Leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party, Dr. Thawatchai Kanjanarin, former surgeon of Phramongkutklao Hospital, Ms. Orsasipat Mameeketurat or Arrow In addition to the watermelon memorial ceremony, the fan group also opened a picture of a large watermelon wearing a Thai costume, against the backdrop of Rama VII Bridge and Rama 8 Bridge. In addition, there is a message "f 5+1" which refers to 5 people on board and 1 manager, and below is a picture of watermelon from the beginning of the industry, put together a line-up. Therefore, it was decided to organize the event in this format.
The star's family joins "Disney on Ice" with a comeback! This March|After 3 years away, the kids are ready to go on an adventure in the fantasy world with Mickey Mouse and his friends from Walt Disney in the "Disney on Ice Presents Mickey & Friends" show from March 23-26, 2023 at IMPACT Arena. Muang Thong ThaniSPONSOREDLife Nation Tero The official press release on the ground floor of Central World Shopping Center has a kitchen of artists and celebrities who are busy attending the event, such as Ple-Nagar family, Teel-Tawan family, Aon-Luckna family, Pinkploy-Pabhavadi, Pupe-Kesarin, Phra Pae-Ramida, Anna Glucks, and important guests flying from abroad. "Brother Mickey-Brother Minnie". "Disney on Ice" is the story of Mickey Mouse and his friends on an adventure journey to find memories that are imprinted in their hearts through Disney cartoon stories. Sail with "Moana" and half-hero "Maui", then continue on to the kingdom of the two princesses. "Anna-Elsa" and experience the mysterious magical story of "Fantasia" and share the story through the song "Liv Your Story" alongside Disney princesses ticketmajor.com...
Sending encouragement to The Great Band, the van was involved in an accident. The lead singer was hurt the hardest.|The fans were shocked. After receiving the news, the van belonging to the famous band Mahahink was involved in an accident that hit a tree on the side of the road. On 24th Road, Chokchai-Det Udom, T.Broken Road, A.Nangrong, Buriram Province After returning from playing a concert in Ratchaburi province, I am going to continue playing concerts at The van was accompanied by three passengers: A. Mahahink THE LEAD SINGER, ALONG WITH GUITARIST TAO APICHART TUAMCHAROEN AND SIVAKORN PETCHSRI, THE BAND'S DRUMMER AND DRIVER, HAD PLANNED TO VISIT THEIR HOMETOWN IN NANGRONG DISTRICT TO REST AND THEN CONTINUE THEIR JOURNEY. Part A Mahahink That lead singer. 11 stitches of the forehead and 2 fractures of the spine are required. As for the concert that will be held tonight in Sisaket province, the fans who received the news were very worried and wished everyone safety, including Locust Chonlada, who posted a message on Facebook saying, "Send encouragement to Brother A Mahahink and all the staff, please be safe". Balpho is the lead singer and songwriter of the band.SPONSORED.
Maya clears drama after Sitaungs Buathong The post boils down to people I've worked with.|Previously, there seemed to be drama coming in for Maya Ravisra. Anna Vrindar's gang After the famous net idol actor Mae Sitaungs Buathong issued a Facebook post boiling over to one of the people who had worked with the event, many of whom were linked to the girl. Maya Ravisra Because the couple had worked together before. Recently, I had the opportunity to meet at the Miss Grand 2023 pageant, so I grabbed her to clear up the drama that had happened, which she opened up, "I was shocked and I went to talk to my mother. Asked if she was anything to us or if she was angry with me, which she said Maya wasn't, it was a misunderstanding, which we had already cleared our minds, and we insisted that we never break into the front of the house. Insist that both of our relationships will not deteriorate. Because we have a belief that gratitude will make us prosper. So if we do something wrong, whether intentionally or unintentionally, we should go in and talk to him and apologize to him because we feel that we have a lot of love and respect for this person."
"Alex" Open sweet mode, post a picture of the couple girlfriend "Jenny" follow Phil, look into the future, want to have a family.|For a long time, sweet mode will be turned on. Actor Alex Rendell uploaded a photo of his longtime girlfriend Jenny on Valentine's Day. Alex attended the press conference for the 53rd anniversary of Thai TV Channel 3 "Beloved Festival 53 Years" at Square A at CentralWorld. Let's start with the official fan launch photo?", not considered a launch. I didn't think this post was a launch, just thought we never closed. But we don't need to say it, but at some point, we don't have to. We've been dating for a long time, with feelings, with a lot of things, it's coming out through feelings, we've been dating for years, "Have you talked or asked him to post a picture?" At first, I was going to post a funny picture, but I was afraid of him. Take a picture that we feel will be the best for him"Call it open, let's be beautiful first?", and give it a cute look. I don't think they're that handsome, "Did they choose a picture?" Instagram we (smile) "What do you say?", I'm not sure if he saw the news, but he saw the post, he was surprised because we don't usually post. Most of the people who tease are people who already know him and meet him. Already hanging out together. So it wasn't much of a surprise to my inner circle."SPONSORED, WHAT'S THE NEWS?", "REALLY, THE NEWS HASN'T BEEN DISCUSSED YET. He doesn't consume entertainment news either, "How do you feel about someone?" The teaser in the comments was, "Did you have any questions about what it means to post a picture of our couple?", "It's down as Valentine's Day"Are we worried before posting about feedback?"No worries at all. What I post for me, the social world versus the real world, it's a different world. And then we'll enjoy the real world more, feeling like if we eat a lot of it and let it control our feelings. I think we're going to walk in a way that one day it might hurt us, and then we're working in a place that's like traveling all the time. So we're going to make it clear that this area is ours. What do we want to get down? We feel that it is our right, "many people demand it?", we don't want it to be bruised. Just keep it, I feel like it's just right"But there's a lot of stock?". Don't worry (smile)"Next time to go down again, must it be another special occasion?"No, sir"Want to get down?"Yes, sir. Instagram comes from how we feel, maybe 2-3 weeks we don't play at all, there is that feeling that it doesn't come, it's with a lot of things, we're getting closer, we're getting to the point where we're getting older, "Where do we look at the future?", we've been through a lot. The work we're going to do has come to a certain extent. Hence the next chapter. I saw my brother had grandchildren. We do camps with children, see parents, have moments with children. One day we want to have something like this, but we haven't planned for how many years, but just feel like it's something that at this point we can start thinking about because we didn't think about it before. It's only work, but now I can start thinking about it. As for starting to think about how long it will be for a year, not that it will be soon"Have you talked to him?"This one is better held between the two of us (smiling)"We are very happy?"Happy"We want to have a family?"We want to have a family", "We want to have a family", "We want to have a family".
Margie Rasri replied. After the tether mentioned Bella Rani that she would not be asked to work again.|Make the netizens debate. When Margie Rasri came across a question in a clip of New Davika asking who she had worked with and did not ask to work together again, Margie's answer caused a lot of criticism online. The issue has been discussed and guessed. Who is the actress Margie is talking about, which everyone considers to be the actress Bella Rani, until the latest controversy. Margie then posted an IG Story to clear herself, saying, "Not everyone bella. I've never had anything with Bella in the past or present.".sponsored
Ob Obnithi He made his debut as a freshman artist and released his first song in his life.|Grew up on the path of becoming an actor for many years. Latest Obnithi Wiwathanavarank Another passion that she is as passionate about the show is singing, debuting as a new artist and releasing "Moon to Mars", the first single in her life. It started with "Moon to Mars", a short, well-meaning word that Ob loved. Before expanding it into a cute song by the skill of composing lyrics and melody by Panat Khunprasert, getsunova and Four Prateep Sirisaranan, who helped arrange this song to have a more POP and R&B vibe. Directed by Tiger Pichaya Jarasboonpracha with MV Lady Prang Prang Kannaran Wongkajornlai, SPONSORED Ob Obnithi, said, "I'm very proud of the song "Moon to Mars", the first song in my life. I want this song to be a simple song, bright tones, listen to lollipops and smile accordingly, starting with the idea from the word Moon to Mars (moon to Mars) by taking distance as the main concept. It's like when people first talk to each other, it's a learning curve, they're not fans yet, but they feel good about each other. Just as she told me, we were ready to go for this MV song to be directed by Tiger brother, who wanted it to be positive with the lyrics and music. No matter how hard it is, I'll be happy to go to her, and I'd like to see the storytelling with visuals of different colors to make it look like space, and the heroine MV thinks of Lady Prang. Because it's a person who looks attractive. When he said yes to playing MV for me, I was very happy to work on this song. I want to thank the people around me for supporting my dream of having my own music. It's a great feeling to be surrounded by everyone's love. Finally, I want to thank myself for giving myself the opportunity to try something new. I'd like to leave everyone to cheer me up. Follow MV "Moon to Mars" and listen to music on any channel. Thank you very much".sponsored
Fans celebrate the 1st anniversary of "Watermelon" parade full of piers, showing pictures of Thai costumes (clip)|Fans crowded Piboonsongkram Pier 1 held a ceremony to commemorate the 1st anniversary of the passing of the actress "Watermelon-Pattarathida Patcharaveerapong". Under the concept of "Memories" It shows that the late actress is still in everyone's memory. Don't want the silent case to go away. Open a large picture, watermelon wearing a beautiful Thai dress. There is a symbol holding up a finger to demand justice. Attendees stood in silence and mourned before sharing flowers with the Chao Phraya. "S.S.T." regretted that the mother was not a plaintiff along with the prosecutor. He asked for a move to amend the law to allow unmarried couples or siblings to be victims in criminal cases following the passing of actress Melon-Nida or Pattarathida Patcharaweerapong, who was killed in a speedboat crash in the Chao Phraya River. Piboonsongkram Pier 1 and Rama VII Bridge, Mueang Nonthaburi In the middle of the night of February 24, 2022. The body was found on the afternoon of February 26, 2022, although it has been a full year since the watermelon was found, but the beauty of the watermelon is still in the memory of people at Phibun Songkhram Pier. 1 T. Suan Yai Mueang Nonthaburi At 11 a.m. on Feb. 26, a group of watermelon fans arrived. Led by Ms. Kanyaluk Pitichaimongkol along with Mr. Mongkolkit Suksintaranon, or MP, Te, a former member of the House of Representatives. Ms. Pakorn Chandrakana Thai Sriwilai Party list MP and Deputy Leader of Thai Sriwilai Party, Dr. Thawatchai Kanjanarin, former surgeon, Phramongkutklao Hospital Ms. Orsasipat or Arrow Mameeketrat Actors and actresses celebrate watermelon's 1st anniversary A large group of fans dressed in white attended the event. At the event, two large pink boards were installed for fans and attendees to write a message to the late actress. A fan representative of the organizers said today that the fan group is together. The event was held to commemorate watermelons under the name "Memories" to show that watermelons remain in our memories forever. Also, today's event wants the watermelon case not to go silent. To demand justice too. At first, the group of fans would cruise on the Chao Phraya River, but he dreamed of watermelons, saying that he did not want the fans to go on the boat, but wanted to have a picture of himself that everyone would remember forever. A large picture was opened, showing a watermelon wearing a beautiful Thai costume. Against the backdrop of Rama VII Bridge and Rama VIII Bridge, there is a finger-holding symbol depicting the call for justice. There are also letters and numbers "f 5+1", meaning 5 people on board and 1 manager, after which the participants stood silently to remember the watermelon for 1 minute before singing memories and sharing a flower float. At the top is a speedboat on the waves, so no one wants to forget what happened. The actress, who has worked with Watermelon, said she has starred in a drama with Watermelon called Yabaiba. It aired on Channel 7 in 2006. You can feel that watermelon is someone who is with you and feels good, a person who has patience, a sweet face, but a masculine character. There is a joke, often causing laughter for the people on set. I'm so sorry that you ended your life like this. Asked to be an angel in heaven, Te-Mongkolkit said watermelon's lawsuit would start to be investigated, but unfortunately, Watermelon's mother was not a co-plaintiff with prosecutors. As a result, many important pieces of evidence may not be brought to court. If the mother of watermelon continues to fight. He believed that he would have to find someone guilty, but when his mother chose to receive 9.2 million baht, he would sue for an additional 40.8 million baht. It's my mother's personal right, and I'm going to use the watermelon issue as a starting point to push for amendments to the draft law. The Criminal Investigation Act, a draft of the Criminal Code, amends victims in criminal cases in addition to their biological parents or descendants. Unmarried husbands and wives or siblings of the same mother or father are allowed to be victims of the case. Dr. Thawatchai Kanjanarin, a former surgeon at Phramongkutklao Hospital who has been monitoring the watermelon case since the beginning, said that even after a year, he still had doubts about the work of the Forensic Science Institute of the police hospital, which found many abnormalities, especially about the wounds on the watermelon's legs, whether they were actually caused by the boat's propellers. It is also a question of the people of the society at the Kotvetita Pavilion. Methodist Church, Rangsit and Funeral Home Klong 4 Klongluang PathumThani province, where watermelons are stored At 3 p.m. the same day. Another group of fans held a memorial service for the actress who passed away for a year, with more than 30 people attending the event to mourn. Place the flowers in front of the watermelon compartment. Pastor Surachai Pachuenjai, pastor of The Methodist Church Rangsit (Protestant), led the reception for the fans, and then began the ceremony by singing two worship songs, "I am the Lord the Father" and "Hide Me". This is followed by a divine sermon about love, death. Leaving and singing worship songs for God until we meet again. Finally, fans paid tribute to Mr. Krishna Sriboonpimsuay, a former lawyer for Mrs. Panida Sirayuyothin, a watermelon mother, saying that he and his team involved in the watermelon case are still connecting. Exchange of information, facts and evidence I would like to confirm that the case is clear when the picture of the watermelon that he holds forever will be floated. Let the watermelon serve the Lord and be with God forever. WHAT WILL HIS LIFE BE LIKE, IGNORING, BECAUSE IT HAS ALREADY BEEN GIVEN TO GOD?
Paula-Peter, see you again. Make fans reminded of a couple moments in a popular drama.|Having worked together on the popular series "Soulmate Next Door" and becoming a hot couple. For the beautiful smiling young heroine, Paula. Paula plays "Kwan Jai" and Peter plays "Kong". Paula reveals a cute photo when she meets Peter again at a coffee shop, posing in a cute pose. Smiling, seeing and being very nice to the heart, SPONSORED made fans flock to the comments, such as brother kong and kwanjai, love both of them. Cheering for drama or really dating, brother Kong to reclaim the favorite, brother kong, don't take the favorite away from Jona, smile melting both of them, etc.
New Davika Fans advised Cap to sue and sue.|After the new heroine Davika Hoorne made a YouTube clip "Reunite the heroine of the "M.M." gang to challenge to answer the secret question! New friends EP.3" on the YouTube channel Davikah Channel, with best friends such as 3 heroines Margie Rasri, Mew Nitta, Mint Chalida joining the group to do a secret quiz challenge. Until the new girl came out to apologize, but like some netizens, it is not over. Criticize the heroine, lose her emotions, make her very sad and tweet, "Waking up in the morning to find that I will go to work happily because I have cleared myself and admitted guilt.., but pushed to see the tag myself, many people did not complain to cause, spoke very strongly, scolded each other, concluded among themselves. Some quote tweets posted new clips and laughed. He wrote, "This comment is a new joke...you don't even know the new, you're not even a new fan. Now people are scolding each other and thinking for themselves, and it's not real. Please leave a comment cap that has no positive effect and send it to the admin. Thank you very much for your understanding, thank you very much, thank you for your understanding and support every day. "David has come out and pleaded guilty, and most importantly, he didn't mean to hurt anyone. WORDS THAT HURT OTHERS SOMEDAY WILL COME INTO PLAY".SPONSORED
jah nongpanee The comments boiled over the news of the luxury penthouse of the heroine's husband. |Many people continue to follow the Forex-3D case, including singer Jah Kanhu or Jah Nongpanee, the latest on the arrest warrant page with Banjong, who posted the news of the seizure of a luxury penthouse of After the DSI found out about buying property from the CEO Forex-3D, which Jah himself commented, "Thank you from the heart of the person who was cheated, ,,, will have an average of the property for tens of ,,,thousands of people who have been cheated.
Changed, barely remembered. Nag Charlie Using handsomeness, this look makes the girls die smooth (clip)|It seems that lately we have seen young Nag Charlie. Because he has returned to work in the entertainment industry, including modeling, advertising, and presenters, recently, there have been pictures of Nag Charlie on social media. When he went to shoot for a brand, I must say that this look of Nag is extremely heartbreaking. That kind of changed a lot, barely remembering this event, causing many fans to comment on social media, such as Nag, don't say anything, baby. May mom absorb this handsomeness first!, may this look last long and forever. #อย่ากลับไปปกตินะ, Nag is hot for money. Get a job, Gu, who sees the hammer and laughs all the time. Ngang 5555555555555 #แต่เซตนี้หล่อมาก I'm willing to stop giggling 2 seconds, Eng has been handsome for a long time, but Eng is just a ting, a legend of handsomeness that lacks a manual, is very handsome. Standing for a long time, very handsome. SPONSORED
Yui Jiranan cleared After being linked to the initials, it was Aunt Cat. Unfolding as a visual star (clip)|It took a lot of people to mute each other out. When Aunt Cat Venus or Rungkanda Benjamaphon has updated his health now that his lungs have improved. After a long time, there was a lung infection. The doctor gave me a reduction in medication. The degenerative knee has received stem cell injections and monthly physical therapy. Aunt Cat He also said that when he was sick or having problems, there would be 2 celebrities who reached out to help, namely Aum Pacharapa and Bum Panadda, before saying, "There is a young actress who asked not to be named, but he knows it. This person is constantly in the media, people are beautiful and kind. I'm sorry, even he never gave me a penny, why did I take care of my aunt cat all the time? I don't want my aunt to be troubled, why leave?" at this point, the page Isra crushes News 2, and posted a message saying, "Since becoming seriously ill, only Aum Phatcharapa, Bum-Panadda have always helped. The "Y-Jon Mon" star, who likes to announce to the media, said that she helped and gave money to her aunt, the cat was ready to take care of it 24/7. The truth is, I never got a penny. Stop using your aunt's name to create a picture of a virgin... A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE COMMENTED ON IT. Yui Jiranan Manojam has also come out live about the issue via TikTok, where Yui said that she has never spoken about helping Aunt Cat all her life, never took her name to her face or made herself famous. If anyone has any evidence of where she used to say it. But at one point, someone sent me a message saying, Aunt Cat is sick. No money. She posted on Instagram as an actress who wanted to help be a voice for others and fans to help Aunt Cat. I just really want to be a voice.
Pu-Dee is proud. Prai daughter Take the exam at a world-class university in America|It is called a good story of a family of famous couples Dee Dok Sadao and Poo Kanokwan Buranon. When you're a child MY BELOVED DAUGHTER WAS ABLE TO PASS THE EXAM AT A WORLD-FAMOUS UNIVERSITY, ANOTHER STEP OF SUCCESS FOR HER DAUGHTER THAT REALLY DELIGHTED THOSE AROUND HER. Poo Kanokwan revealed her daughter's ability to attend Anglo-American University in Prague, Czech Republic, in journalism and media studies. She posted a picture of her daughter and an acceptance letter to an American university, and wrote, "1 more university... Scholarship 88,000 USD....Xavier University, Ohio, USA....Mommy"Must say that it is both beautiful and really talented, with many friends and fans congratulating her. Congratulations to Thairath Online.
Bella Rani reveals the hardest, thinks a lot, used to not be confident in herself (clip)|Open up to the top heroine, Bella. Rani Campen After being single, the aura of beauty is very strong. Recently, I opened up on WOODY FM about my work life. Pay attention to every detail Because part of me is a person who thinks a lot and used to be a person who lacks self-confidence before. Tell us about the greatest happiness and unhappiness in your life through all kinds of work. I'm sure Bella has multiple bodies. Want to know the draft at home, when alone, no one. Bella: Honestly, there was very little at the time, not much to be with myself or anything, but if I was there, I would be a normal, lazy person. Being at home is a time to relax. Recharge your energy, want to do whatever you want to do, what time do you wake up, watch TV? That's it. Bella: If you want to eat what you want to eat, is it someone who needs to be perfect with your work life? It's not exact, but he's a pretty detail-oriented person, like we're sitting there and seeing him training. We'll see what he does. Sometimes my ears push to hear customers say they want something like this. When we heard it, we knew what he wanted. WHEN WE WALKED INTO THE SET, THE SPONSORED ON SET ASKED THE DIRECTOR IF HE WANTED ANYTHING?: IT'S HALF, PART OF IT IS SELF-DESIGN, PART OF IT IS TALKING. If we have a question about how we read the script, we'll talk about it. Maybe the director disagrees with us and we'll meet halfway because he thinks he can see the bigger picture. We are responsible for the character we play today, Bella Rani. Bella: It wasn't a dream when I was a kid. Dreaming as a child was not very clear. I want to work where I travel, meet a lot of people, and do a job that is not boring. This career was the answer to that. Having so many acquaintances or celebrities is not something we thought would happen in life. I had a secret thought, but it was a dream that I didn't dare to dream when I first came in that it would be there that day. The day was ours, but when it came to Oh my god, it came with a responsibility that we didn't think would be this big. Being a citizen Public people Bella: In the past, people who were not confident in themselves and also people who thought a lot would seem like disadvantages, but in a lot of thoughts, that is the advantage that makes us more detailed. Is it the best? Let's put a lot of thoughts into how that's enough. In the end, it will mellow out into us. You don't have to be perfect. It's nice to let it happen in a moment, it's nice to think Bella is funny. Bella: Yes, my friend said that he is a leaky person, not a lot of things, a person who likes to shoot jokes, likes to stir when posting pictures on social media, will take a lot of photos and choose or that one shot is over? If so, you can use the application. Perhaps the camera angles are so bad, our legs are just that. Maybe just doing it in a stretching photo, it looks more proportional. Maybe the light isn't. It's exaggerated. Perhaps the photo was taken to the point of asking for a mirror to see it. Bella: Get as much sleep as possible and be healthy, because work is almost 100% of our lives. If we are not healthy, let's tandem. It can't go on at all. It's a month without days off, but it's something that's been adjusted this year, so I'm going to adjust my schedule to have time to talk to myself, to have time to check what I'm happy with right now. What do we want to do, at least sleep like the next day without rushing anywhere? Some therapy for yourself. HAVING TIME FOR A LITTLE HOBBY, SPONSORED THE HAPPIEST THING IN BELLA RANI'S LIFE, WHAT DO YOU THINK? Being able to help people, or helping animals in the world, is already a goal in Bale's life. His dad loved helping people, helping children, helping with children's scholarships, helping wherever he could, so it was our intention that if we had it, we would share it if we thought of the saddest moments. Bella: We don't really collect much, but there will be when my dad loses, there's no more sadness than the loss of a family member, but Bella understands what nature is going through and how you adapt. It's hard, but it's like we're focused on the job and we don't feel sorry for what we've done, we've done it all, we've taken care of him in the best way, it's natural for everyone to go through it. Born, old, hurt, dead, we try to dharma or whatever makes us move on. And we will continue to do our best, and I want him to be proud that if he looks down we can be okay. On any given day when mom is bad, we will be a strong pole, an only child. My parents taught me from a young age that we have to live on our own because they don't know how long we can stay with us in the suffering that comes our way. Bella: Yes, it's easier to place, it doesn't do right away, but we have a goal in our lives. Anything that is negative energy will not be kept to yourself, or anyone who feels okay, we will take it upon ourselves to ask. I never asked the heroine, but I asked Bella. When farting, do we have to go slowly to the bathroom, or can we fart in public?Bella: (laughs) Bella: Everything that comes to mind is that because we work a lot, we have to take care of health, otherwise we can't go on because work is an important part of our lives. It doesn't have to be simple. Bella: Now it's a job (laughs). But if one day there is love, then you have to balance the clip.
A new dimension for DJ Nui Lead a chant to chase away the rain, but the hymn breaks down.|He has served as host and MC for DJ Nui Thanawat Prasitsomporn, who in the past many people have loved the work of DJ Nui. DJ Nui was the host of the event alongside Chompoo before the afternoon in Nakhon Si Thammarat at Khanom Festival 2023. The sky was clear, there was no sign of rain at all. The sky turned overcast and the rain began to fall. As a result, the concert had to stop playing for a while. DJ Nui, as the host of the event, decided to use superstition to help bring the crew and people who watched the concert to chant a rain chant in the middle of the event. When the prayer is over. The rain stopped, the work started immediately, made DJ Nui very happy to finish, so I sang Celibacy, which is my own song. The sky turned cloudy, and it immediately rained heavily. Before the afternoon, he barely ran out of the rain, and DJ Nui shouted to the team to turn off the music now. DJ Nui posted on Instagram with the caption, "Don't believe, don't be insulted, don't sing. I'm not just a host anymore. There is also an option to repel the rain. 5555", many people who saw the clip came to tease. A lot of DJs such as the fee has to go up, the pulp should be broken, fight the sky against the rain a lot, very good at everything, the sin of witchcraft is real but the music is stronger, it is not worth leaving, last night was also a hilarious run, etc.SPONSOREDA post shared by NUI (@djnui)
Ann Thongprasom flies to Italy to participate in Milan Fashion Week 2023|Come back again! "Milan Fashion Week 2023" to update fashion trends. Actor-Theatre Presenter Pin a special show to the brand's front-row page. MaxMara in the Fall/Winter 2023 collection, Ann chose to wear an elegant look from MaxMara, consisting of a short cream-colored sweater showing off her waist and flared trousers, overlaid with an iconic coat, all from the MaxMara Spring/Summer 2023SPONSORED collection for Max Mara. The high class at Max Mara has taken inspiration to convey classics through elegant feminine garments.
"Sholey Khaosan Sound" Wishing you 10 million views!|The real southern singer "Choley-Chakatpol Polite" under the name "Khaosan Sound" The owner of the newest single "I Can Flirt With Widows". The trend continued until the new song became the #29 trend on the YouTube channel, Sholey prayed for "Bastard", if the number of views of the new song reaches 10 million views, will fly to solve the problem on the patch point to the pagoda temple, Nakhon Si Thammarat province, Choley said. "Now the newest single "Let's Flirt Widow". YouTube views have already surpassed a million views. This song I got "Nil Tammarin", a hot artist from the south, to join me, which has about 70,000 records on TikTok (smile) and I am a southerner who will respect Brother Khai, I have asked for a blessing for Brother Khai often, the last time I solved it because I asked me to be able to write no less than 200 songs, and I can do it.
Yadthip reveals Mek Rama insists it is not related to gambling websites.|From the rumored case, the actor's husband, H. Involved in making online gambling sites Until many people link to Cloud Rama Halo Rama The husband of the heroine, Yadthip Rajpal, also reported that the police suspended a luxury penthouse in the middle of the city inside Soi Sukhumvit. Value 245 Million Baht This is Cloud's property because it may be related to the transfer of property from Mr. Apirak Kotthi, the accused in the Forex-3D case, as previously reported, which Yad had previously clarified that her husband had nothing to do with the case and that the condo was properly purchased. It was purchased through a broker before Mr. Apirak was prosecuted. BUT PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT THE CONDO WAS RECENTLY FORECLOSED. Yadthip posted a message from her husband on her personal instagram to clarify all such hot topics: "As it appears to be news about me, I would like to clarify as follows:1. I am currently still in Thailand and working as usual. With the news that came out with a whistleblower and paid 10 million, it is not real news, but a fake page named like a government agency.2. About my condo. It is not based on news, but on the process of law, as has already been clarified. It is currently pending in the Civil Court. 3. The prosecution has assigned a lawyer to submit documents and evidence to the court. I have nothing to do with any online gambling sites and am not involved in forex3d offences, the business I do and my income comes from the real estate business. Healthcare hotels and stock exchanges, etc.4. My wife, Mr. Yad, has his own career in acting and he has never been involved in any of my work or business, so I would like to clarify this." 27 Feb 23"  
"Great Warintorn" took the cat away first. I have a wife later. Single but able to take care of yourself|It's a tenderness. After the dark hero "Great-Warintorn Panhakarn" took the stray cat "Poached egg" that went to treat the injured leg and took it for himself seriously. None of the girls came to see Great. เผยในงานแถลงข่าวมหกรรมความบันเทิงครบรอบ 53 ปี สถานีโทรทัศน์ไทยทีวีสีช่อง 3 “Beloved Festival 53 ปี ดีต่อใจ” ที่ลานสแควร์ A เซ็นทรัลเวิลด์ เลยถามว่าคนแซวตอนนี้เรามีแมวแทนเมียแล้ว?“มันก็น่าจะเป็นอย่างนั้นแล้วตอนนี้ เลี้ยงแมวก็น่ารักดีไปอีกแบบนึง จริงๆแล้วไม่เคยคิดเลยว่าจะเลี้ยงแมว แต่มันเป็นเพราะความชอบด้วย แล้วมาเจอน้องเจ็บ ก็ดูแลกันมา ไปตัดขาเขาก็เลยต้องเลี้ยงเค้า ก็เลี้ยงกันมาด้วยความเต็มใจ ก็ดีครับ เป็นโมเมนต์ที่ไม่คิดว่าจะเกิดกับตัวเองเหมือนกัน มันน่ารักดี ตอนนี้ยังไม่มีเมีย ก็มีแมวไปก่อน จริงๆ แล้วอยากถ่ายให้คนดูนะ แต่กลัวคนรำคาญ มันน่ารักมากเลย อุ้มมันถึงจะเงียบ วางแล้วก็ร้อง ขี้อ้อนแบบจัดๆเลย อาจจะฮีต (ติดสัด) กำลังจะไปทำหมันเร็วๆนี้”SPONSOREDเวลาเราออกไปทำงานน้องอยู่กับใคร?“น้องอยู่ได้ครับ กลับมาก็ได้เจอกัน ผมก็ทิ้งอาหารไว้ให้ มีห้องน้ำให้เค้า”เป็นทาสแมว?“เป็นทาสแมวแล้ว ไม่เคยคิดจะเลี้ยงแมวเลยนะ ช่วงโควิดแหละที่อยู่บ้าน แล้วเจอแมวจร ผมก็ให้อาหารเรื่อยๆอยู่ 2-3 ตัว แล้วก็มีแมวชื่อไข่ตุ๋นด้วยที่มาบ่อยๆ ก็จะจำได้เพราะมันร้องเก่ง ตอนนี้ก็ปีนึงพอดี ตั้งแต่ที่เจอน้อง พาน้องไปรักษาขา เค้าเจ็บมาเราก็สงสาร ไม่ได้ตั้งใจเลี้ยงไว้เลย แค่เห็นว่าเค้าเจ็บมา เราก็ช่วยดูกะว่าดีขึ้นแล้วก็ปล่อยเค้าไปตามชีวิตของเค้า แต่หมอ บอกว่ารักษาไม่ได้ ต้องตัดขา แล้วถ้าตัดขาเค้าแล้วแล้วให้เค้าไปอยู่ข้างนอกเค้าจะสู้หมา สู้แมวตัวอื่นไม่ได้ เค้าอาจจะเสียชีวิตเร็วกว่าเดิม ก็เลยให้เขาอยู่ที่บ้าน”ถ้ามาอีกล่ะ?“ทุกวันนี้มีมาเรื่อยๆนะ When pouring rice, you eat a lot, but don't get hurt. I don't intend to have a cat germinate again. "I only have a cat, when will I have a boyfriend?" Don't worry about it. Wait for the moment and the opportunity. "Many people don't believe we're really single?" I'm not afraid that people won't believe me, because what I say, people don't believe me anyway. Let it go, whenever there is, I'm still ok with myself. We looked at our own schedules and felt that we were happy to be like this. Having someone may not be our main thing, but I once asked myself if I was really ready, and I replied that I still feel good about living this way, but it doesn't block anything. I feel like I'm used to being single, and I'm managing my life. I don't have a boyfriend, I'm definitely confident, I understand life. Having a boyfriend is a good thing, but not having a boyfriend has a good angle as well. For those who are single and proud of themselves being single, I would also like to say that being single has a lot of advantages. Don't hang your singleness with anyone, be happy, take care of yourself a lot. I want everyone to value themselves, "Mom keeps announcing to her daughter-in-law?" I'm ready whenever I'm ready, and I have some advice. It's called friends, gold shops have some, but with rhythm, with a jealousy of personal life, I don't get anything. He threw stones, asked for directions, and that's good, let's talk. But I'm not serious, I want to carry my grandchildren, but I don't do anything because they can't force us. Comfortable, good-hearted, people who don't shout, like quiet people, easy to live, easy to eat. Chill out".
Yui Jiranan broke down in tears. Aunt Cat Revealing the true story|From the case of Aunt Cat Venus or Rungkanda Benjamaphon A senior actor has warned a young actress to stop claiming to help. Although the money was never given, he said he would take care of it for the rest of his life. Aunt Cat I was hospitalized and it was quite difficult to live alone. Lack of income, but also lucky to have Aum Pacharapa and Bum Panadda to help. The other actress, who asked not to be named, said Yui Jiranan Manojam had come out live on TikTok, where Yui said that she had been asked if Yui had misunderstood herself. Abbreviation Yojran And thousands of comments that Yui Hundreds of messages have come to talk about Yui with messages that are not okay. Disappointed in Yui's sponsored, which Yui had to say first, Yui never said it, dare I say that if anyone has evidence that Yui ever said that Yui will take care of Aunt Cat for the rest of her life. Yui never said Yui down ig and the reason why he wants to help as an actor who wants to help be a voice for others and fans to help Aunt Cat Po Yui down IG is a lot of news. The only time Yui posted the news of Aunt Cat was in ig that day with a picture of Aunt Cat. And there is an account number, which Yui really only went down if Yui took it down that day, without asking Aunt Cat's permission. I apologize. I really didn't mean to disappoint everyone and didn't want to use the news of Aunt Cat to push herself to get a face or be famous in any way. Yui never spoke, had a pen tip or a hand to type, scolded anyone. Will do anyone to hurt someone else. It's a sin because Mother Yui is so stressed. If what Yui did was real, then it was true. Yui wasn't afraid, but yui didn't.
Shi Che leads Xiu to the 29th Sag Awards|The 29th U.S. National Film and Television Actors Association Awards (SAGG Awards), recognizing the best television and film performances of the year by a vote of 122,600 U.S. Actors Guild members, was held at the Fairmont Hotel. Century Plaza, Los Angeles, California On Feb. 26, the film "Everyting Everyware All at Ones," directed by Daniel Kwon and Daniel Cheaneelt, swept four awards this year, including Best Actor in a Film. It's comparable to the Best Picture award. Raising hopes for an Oscar to be held on March 12, the film tells the story of a Chinese American laundromat owner struggling to pay taxes. Send it to Michelle Yeo. A talented actress from Ipoh. Malaysia joins Jamie Lee Curtis as a distorted revenue officer and Ki Hui Kuan, a former child star returning to the show. Winning best actress and best supporting actress respectively, Michelle, Yeo and Kuan both made history as the first Asian actress to win a film performance award on stage. He spoke on stage as he accepted the award, tears in his eyes and swear words from his fellow actors below. SHE SAID THE AWARD IS NOT JUST FOR HERSELF, BUT ALSO FOR ALL ASIAN GIRLS LIKE HER. Fraser, a former Hollywood hero who faced a storm of life and disappeared from the entertainment industry, returns gracefully. Won Best Actor for "The Vail" After winning the award at the Critic Choice Awards last month, he has been a member of the Critic Choice Awards. HBO's "The White Lotus" television series won best actor in the drama series category. While "Abbott The winner of the award in the comedy category and best actress in a drama series for the role of Jenfer Coolidge, the male award went to Jason Bateman for "Ozark", while the best actress in a television film or miniseries went to Sam Elliott for "1883" and Jessica Chasen for "George & Tammy". The 76-year-old actress, who won the Academy Emmy and Sag Awards, also won the 58th Annual Career Achievement Award from Andrew Garfield, a young actor who starred in the film "Amazing Spider-Man."
"Janie" releases a sexy clip! Yam is going to have a big project. Declared no second child.|Level up the fire in ig. Especially the sexy lingerie clip showing off the figure of the mother superstar. Janie Alpachan at Pom Phet made a buzz about the fire-fighting comments, met Janie at the press conference for the 53rd anniversary entertainment extravaganza of Thai TV Channel 3, had to ask how our latest clip created a lot of buzz?"What will come as a surprise, but I can't tell (smile)"The dress is very concave. A lot?"... I'm going to have a big project coming up soon"It's a lingerie project, right?"I still can't answer, but I'll definitely meet the media"Do I have to be fit for this job?"Quite a lot of preparation because it's not just in Thailand, but it's another step (smile)"SPONSOREDfans who have watched the clip say the same thing, it's a lot?"It's really fizzy(smiling) for less than 2 months, should we know"How proud are you of our body?"Janie loves to take care of herself. Janie wants to look healthy, wants to be healthy, and inspires girls. Actually, it's some days. Janie eats rice too, but janie actually diets 80 percent, exercises 20 percent. I'm about one year old (laughs) and I'm still having a baby," "What's the matter with my second child?" The first one is enough, because Jane raised herself without a nanny anymore. The fact that we've raised ourselves at this age, but we can't wait to be second anymore." If Jane has a nanny, maybe she can, but she's 100% herself, and Jane can't find it, she'll feed herself,"Mickey, is he okay?", he must be okay because she's pregnant"Ask your husband?", "Can't I ask my wife? Tell everyone. "Why are you tired?" It's quite difficult to raise a quality life and give him the way we want it to be, and it takes a lot of energy inside because, as Jane said, Jane pumps herself for almost 3 years, Nola feeds Jane's milk until she's 2 years old. Jane never let go, carried herself, made her own, raised herself, made all her own dishes, and Mick washed the bottle. So it's kind of like that, my friend still thinks that at first Jane would have 10 nannies opposite something like this. Friends were very surprised that Jane didn't have anyone to help feed her. Motherhood, we can hold him pregnant, we have to take care of him as best we can"If my husband asks me to seduce him?" I can't talk, I can't talk. Change the subject, take a quick break (laughs)"How did you get asked about Paula's separation from her husband?", actually, as Nana said, it's something that friends have known for a while, but we're encouraging each other because it's really a family affair and it's quite sensible. My friend's job is to cheer him up," when did you find out about the shock?", it was actually a small problem for a while. It really is normal for a couple to have some quarrels. Have some happiness. There are some good ones. There were some beatings, but I didn't go to the gym, and I didn't ask or didn't bother with Paula Yu, but when did Yu give us a hug? When Yu is happy, we will be by our side. "SPONSORED, IS HE OK?"JANE SAYS PAULA IS QUITE A STRONG PERSON, AND THE PEOPLE WHO SUPPORT HIM A LOT, FRIENDS ARE READY TO HOLD PAULA'S HEART BY PAULA'S SIDE ALL THE TIME".
Arak ends 3 years of love, reduces Miriam's status to just a good friend|It shocked the fans. When singer-actress Pee Arak revealed her heart status that she is now completely single, she recently broke up with Miriam Sarprommas. The runner-up of Miss Universe Thailand 2019 was late last year. After the couple had been dating for about 3 years, Knapsack answered questions about his love affair at the film gala. Khunphan 3 premiere at Infiniti City Hall, 5th floor, Paragon Cinema: Update your life during this time? I've been single for a while now. At the end of the year, can you tell me why?The aims may not match, but now it's ok, I don't dare to say much. I'm fine. Don't worry, I'm fine (smile)SPONSORED After ending the relationship, can you have a chance to talk? I'm a good friend today, I've just been shooting together (best friend status for our couple?), so how many years have we been dating? I asked if I could make up my mind, but it was hard to answer (smiling). Thank you so much, many people cheered us on. What do you want to say to your fans who follow us? Thank you for everything. No matter what, how to plan a new love?The truth of this love, I have always tried to be quiet. I didn't focus so much next time, maybe I didn't launch it as before?, at first I didn't intend to open it, but I went to shoot the show together. So it turned out to be open, but it's understandable about everything, including when we broke up. Now I have to move on with my life. Ask yes. (smiling) I'm very chill. Don't worry, I'm in love, nobody is in love (smiling), but each person's love system may not be the same. We can help each other and talk to each other very comfortably, we can be friends, let's box, we can play. He came to my gym to play judo (laughs) but I didn't go in the future, will there be a chance to come back? I'm in a friend position right now because the journey hasn't reached its intended purpose yet. It's quiet. I'm with a gang of friends, working together (people don't know if they're single yet?), but look at the number of cameras and mics today. If it's aired according to the number of sources, I think people need to know if there are girls. How do you queue up? Never before (smile).
Mario regretted being criticized for his fat body that day, I may have swollen sodium.|After the young hero Mario Maurer was criticized by netizens for not taking care of his body, friends and netizens had to come out to defend the young hero immediately. Mario is very good-natured, and his face is also very handsome. Mario at the premiere of the film Khunphan 3 at Infiniti City Hall, 5th floor, Paragon Cinema, did not miss to inquire about the news. I probably ate a lot of MSG that day and a lot of sodium. When he took the photo, it might have been an angle, but I didn't deny it. It's normal, I try to take care of myself every day. I didn't eat a lot, maybe because of the dress I was wearing, I wanted to wear an old dress, and it might be a little small (smiling). I can't pull him up today, isn't he? Thank you (laughs)SPONSORED
"Kelly-Joy" vs. "Ble-Mulberry" announces the birth of a new chemistry queen. In "Love Song"|Channel 8 is preparing to create a phenomenon of concentration directly to your home screen with the drama "Love Song, Revenge", an intense drama that is the story of love and resentment of two families who are both bound and fought with him and her in the middle through country music that represents the era. The event featured veteran actor Kelly Thanapat clashing with "Joy Sirilak" in a mouthful, unyielding version. Of course, the pair's 20-year reunion will surely be a dignified one. That's not enough. I would like to send a stick to the junior veteran "Bele Pathumraj" with the role of a full-fledged glass screen hero for the first time and special with the most premium music that Bele will leave for fans to listen to in this drama. Pack with new heroine "Mulberry Kittiya" The sweet girl who has to overcome obstacles in love will come to create a new legend of The Queen of Chemistry and announce the birth of another couple, together with talented actors such as Elevator Supoj, Tao Sarocha, Joy Chonthicha, Typhoon Kanokchat, Dao Pimthong, Sandy Chalida, Guide Kantapol, Pring Chutiya, Jain Thawatsan, Kung Suttiraj, Gina Viraya, Aiya Areeya, Non Channon, Tom Nahathai, Maitri Pramotch, etc. Asked how difficult and challenging it was, we wanted to design a character that looked different from the previous stories we had, so it was something I did a lot of homework on for this role, and it was nice to work with so many great people. It's been a 20-year reunion, we've had a lot of fun, and there's a lot of younger actors. I believe this drama. It's mellow and full of flavor, definitely resonating with Channel 8 fans. Sirilak as Pikul This is another challenging role for Joy, but this story we are like to be freed, like the previous story in the soap opera, we play the role of a person who cannot speak, there will be discomfort in facial expressions, gestures, crying, having to control all the time. It's very emotional, and it's also a lot of work with a lot of great actors. When we got into the scene, for example, with Brother Kelly. It's a gift for the audience because we're so full that we don't want to miss it. Heavy drama, and there are also songs from The Sisters to listen to. Pathumraj as Pakorn First of all, thank you very much to the adults who gave me the opportunity to play this drama. I'm really excited because I usually only do film work. This drama is the first of its kind. As for the script, there is a lot of calmness and drama, which is very different from me, I have used the science of full acting in this story, and most importantly, I am very lucky to be around to work with all the great actors, especially Joy. I also sang a lot of songs, including the theme song. And there are many songs that are famous songs in the past of RS, will be reworked in the contemporary country style, I want everyone to follow because this story I really put all my efforts, intense, drama, music because it is definitely full of mulberry kittiya playing the role of dazzling light. This story plays the role of dazzling light. The dazzling light will be the youngest of the house, it will be cute, plus a little bit of guts. This is hard for us as well. Although we've been through a few previous productions, as Channel 8 actors, this is the first time, so we've got to tune in. The intense workshop is very stressful because I have worked with many talented actors, such as Pee Ble, it is my first collaboration. He sent us very well. We'll have to wait and see what scene it will be. Prepare a tissue to wipe away tears, you must follow that love or resentment will be more powerful. The last song will be a love song or a song of regret, and it can be continued in the drama Love Song Revenge airing every Monday - Thursday at 18.00 - 19.00 hrs. The first episode will air on Wednesday, March 8, 2023 and can be watched in the first place at TrueID through 3 application channels, web and TrueID TV box. Watch for free on all networks Immediately after the drama is over, it is clear. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Ann Thongprasom Post a picture with Patricia on the red banner. Make the fans flock.|It's a very pleasing sight for fans. After superstar heroine Ann Thongprasom, who is now a talented presenter, posted a picture with the younger heroine. Patricia via her personal Instagram. And from the picture, it can be said that the girl Patricia is a very beautiful mother, even in the look of the most comfortable skirt, matching with the singing of the feet, a chic couple, and from the picture that it is beautiful, but the peak is that Ann Thongprasom has put her belly together as a trick to have a baby with him somewhat with the caption that reads, only people wish to make it true. The message reads, "Tired of independent life. On the girl side Patricia commented, "Mom has to follow me," saying that this picture came from a scene in the drama "Love Traitor", where the role of Patricia was pregnant. Real life is pregnant too. This role doesn't have to be composed much. LIVE ON SCREEN AND OFF-SCREEN, IT'S REALLY BEAUTIFUL.SPONSORED
Netizens cheer for Move On After seeing Poo Blackhead with a picture of a mosquito net with a former BNK48 girl.|After the women posted a story with Jan-chan Chetsubha or Jan, a former member of BNK48, after the women posted a story about the most beautiful IG, Poo posted a picture but stood with his back with someone with the caption "The restaurant is beautiful, but I found a more beautiful boxing in Sweden". In addition, there were netizens who commented, "Congratulations & happy for you. Life must move on, launch now, congratulations, build ships without fear of crashing. It's cute." Will Blackhead and Jan-chan be what the fans cheer for? IT'S GOING TO TAKE A WHILE TO HEAR THE ANSWER FROM THEIR MOUTHS, PROBABLY THE MOST SURE.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Long gone. Former heroine Dang Oh Phetlada almost collapsed 6 years of marriage.|Long gone for the heroine of the 90s. Recently, she wielded her husband, the handsome director Fuse Kittisak, to clear up rumors after meeting someone who secretly tucked the heir into refusing to launch, and revealed the reason why Oh disappeared from the screen because of health problems. Channel 31, with Peggy Srithanya and Benz Pornchita as the hosts, saw that they had never sat down to interview a couple like this?Oh: There is only one show, which very rarely, there is news that many people have been dating for more than ten years, but really, there is a child tucked away and refuses to tell, is it true? When you go to eat, you see a cute child, you have to find a rhythm to play with him, and when will there be one's own?fuse: When is it bad, does it mean that you don't want to have your own or have uterus problems or something? THERE IS A PROBLEM WITH THE UTERUS BECAUSE THE UTERUS IS THIN, SO IT IS DIFFICULT TO SPONSORED FUSE: WE WENT TO ASK THE DOCTOR, AND THEN WE TALKED TO BENZ, MICK ASKED HIM TO CHECK, AND HE SAID THAT THE WALL OF THE UTERUS IS THIN. At first we said if we were a little diligent. He said it was hard to be diligent. It's still hard because the wall of the uterus is thin: 60-70% of the time we have the right to fall off, we used to say if it's loose, can you make up your mind, sorry, if you're so sorry, can't we get there? I'm a little late, I love children so much, I love my kids a lot?: When I go to see Benz and Mick at home, I see my kids, it's very good, I feel like if one day we don't really have a lot of questions, we feel a little bit, so let's talk about it. Oh: Since we started dating, we knew we had a hormonal disorder, so we told him the first date, the menstrual period was choppy, so I told him that if you want to have a lot of kids, there might not be a fuse: We're very passive, relaxed, chill. We were just dating before then, after the wedding. Oh, I didn't want to stop, but an accident caused us to stop because of a broken leg, 2 broken bones, a little bit of a buzz, and the song he opened was a song on the wedding day, so we rocked a little bit, but in the rocker it seemed to slip down, so we turned ourselves over and forced ourselves not to go down. When I went to the hospital the next day for surgery, I stayed for another week at the fuse hospital: I didn't think it would break. He walked over and said he needed to be referred to a major hospital. We had to have surgery, and we had to walk over and tell him, we couldn't say right, we wanted to say as ordinary as possible, he took very good care of him?Oh: He took very good care of him. We were already worried about a broken leg, and he had to go to work in the morning. We lived in the house alone, so we agreed not to worry, so we got out of the house and took pictures all round. He will prepare everything for us before going out to work so that we can live in the house. When he came back. He'll carry us upstairs, prepare the side dishes, everything. He will also be mentally supportive because we know if we can walk, but he takes very good care of him. We felt like we had a broken leg and we were so happy. Time passes so fast that I run out of money?fuse: We work, we don't know what to do. Oh: He always tells us to love us. One day, several rounds. Some of our broken legs are fibrosis. He'll give you a massage and smell it on your legs. Oh: If we stay calm, it will be scary for him, even if we do not quarrel, but we feel that we are not okay with some of the things that he does, or irritate. We'll have a hefty mode we've seen. We don't want it to happen, we're going to avoid anything that's not okay? He told us he didn't like loud noises. He doesn't like flicks, when he works a lot, meets a lot of people, we know that sometimes he picks up the emotions there. Sometimes his words will have a starting point? When I met him, there was no heroineic aura, it wasn't anything else in him. Only good thinking and good deeds can make us feel. It's going to seep in. Oh: The fuse came to flirt with us, we didn't know, but we started to feel weird. He drove to pick it up, but before that we talked every day, it was unusual and then talked for hours. We rode with him, and we didn't look out of the mirror. Why do we need shyness? Oh: Park the car first, go in one by one, go to the movies first, but the picture came out, we were shocked, so we found another way to continue, was discouraged that we didn't want to go further? Start going tell the adults. Friends are starting to find out. He's a heroine, so we're starting to think. There's pressure, but it's also nice to always have Mick by his side, honestly, at that time it didn't see the destination, but let's see, it's happy, discouraged, has there ever been anger about women?fuse: When I'm in love, dating, and going to a senior party, there are a lot of people we don't know, it's his birthday surprise, he's giving him a hug. He thought in his heart what we should do, what should we do? When the thought came to us, we thought, oh, we wouldn't see him, we saw him standing there looking at him, he walked over and asked, do you know? Why do you have to hug a couple of days ago? Oh: I'm angry, I don't know each other, why do I have a hug, why do I have a new wife? We sit down if one day we are anything, how will he stay, so I say to him if we go first, and then someone comes in. If he's good, hook up with him. We don't want him to be alone because both of us are doing it in full place.
Not single anymore Min Pechaya reveals the status of a special young man, taking over the single hurt, weighing 39|The world is pink again. For the young heroine Min Pechaya Wattanamontri The latter posted a picture of a mysterious young man giving flowers on Valentine's Day. Recently, there was a chance to meet Min Peechaya at the opening ceremony of Miss Grand Pathum Thani 2023 in a beautiful look with a queen aura and a sexy black dress. After Valentine's Day, it seems that she is no longer single, or is she not single?", "Is it puzzled?", "I'm not single anymore?", "I'm not single,"I'm not single", "I'm not single", "I'm not single?", "I'm sorry, I'm not single?", "I'm sorry, I'm not single?", I'm sorry, I'm not single I have to say that I'm happy. It's been the longest single period in our lives, and we've gotten to know ourselves, to understand ourselves, to learn about the people who come into our lives, it's in many different ways, but in the end we know what we want in our lives." It's not closed. It's not closed, but we feel like we as women shouldn't talk a lot (is he a businessman?). Sure, it's almost gone. Don't just don't want to talk a lot, walk around, see for yourself, be afraid to talk a lot, and then have an open warp, let's go ask him first." Are we comfortable?", Min didn't want to be impatient. In the past, Min may have felt that we were straight. What do we have to say? When we feel that love isn't that fast, it's not that fast. It's going to take a while to see it," Valentine's Day got teased a lot. But Min believes that people are very happy with us because people have seen us alone for a long time. I want to make us happy, I want to see you have a family (laughs)." If there is a new love, how to have passion or what to aim for?", as you know, at that time the weight dropped to 39 kilograms, and Min felt that it was the time when um..min that many women may have met (hert?), yes, I didn't know what this was, at that time, I was hard, no, I spent money, I didn't have (laughs) with my parents, my family was warm and cute, I thought about that, but when I thought about it, with a strong base of love, we could stand back, but we never gave up hope of having love and building a good family. Not blocked, but not longed. Not demanding. Didn't feel like having to get married, have a family. We're not tied to anything like that (smiling)"What makes us feel like we can't be in love?", tired (laughs) Min said that a lot of women, when disappointed a lot, like we come back and see what our lives are exactly. Why were we born, we have a family? My parents loved us. We don't have everything left. We come back to love ourselves, but in the end, Min learns that if we love ourselves, we will love ourselves. We will love others, we will not treat anyone, we will please anyone. Change yourself for someone, or try to run after someone like you did when you were a kid. When we grow up, we probably don't care about anyone even hurting ourselves. "What do you expect from this love?" Every woman has a boyfriend to expect, but as we get older, we may not feel that the future is as important as the present. If the present is good, the future is good. Now it's good, soft (smiling)"Is he prepared or is he still the young man of "Min Pechaya"?", Min said quite understandably. We've been friends for 10 years now, "When will it be released?", it's not closed, but we're searching for each other (laughs). At first, I was afraid of both of them, as they had always been friends and good relationships. We all support each other. So I didn't think I'd get to this point, but if there was any business to support each other. Cheering, encouraging, hard to say, hard to say. It's a lot of details, so it's just getting started?"Yes, it's hard at first, nobody knows what it is, so I don't dare to say it, because it's already pretty good, I still want it to be kept pretty good, because if something too fast, we're afraid that we'll ruin what it's good for a long time." I just want more?", nothing has changed, so talk to each other and be comfortable, be comfortable (more is it special?), that's it"Can you call your girlfriend?", don't be impatient. Yes, "Best friend?" can you call it that?"
M. Apinan takes his family on a trip to Japan The car nearly fell into the woods—stuck in the middle of the forest.|Actor M. Apinan has to share his experience of driving to Japan with his family. People listened to each other on their personal Instagram accounts because this trip was accompanied by an unforeseen accident while driving. He said, "I would like to share my experience with everyone. When we came to Japan, we encountered a situation of heavy snowfall, causing the road to become slippery. The car was a little dented, but it wasn't much. We drove comfortably (and we bought insurance), so we continued our trip. After several hours of snowfall, the snow on the road began to freeze, and the snow that covered the road became coated with ice sheets instead. Now, after driving for a while, the car starts to get out of control. Turn 180 degrees and park on the other side of the road. Luckily, the car stopped by itself even though it hadn't touched its feet. Otherwise, it might have fallen on him. That was then. The prayers here came in batches, so I called the rescuers. Rescue can't talk to England. Call the police, but at that time the police couldn't do much. We have to call the car rental company and call the insurance itself. See what he says, keep calling from what he thinks is not much. Just drag the car or lift it or find a chain to put on the wheels, and that's where it ends. It's like having a bump in the car, so I don't believe we don't have a partner, I'm afraid we're going to hit and run away. Can you take those of us trapped in the middle of the forest, surrounded by snow? You can clear it up again downstairs in the city....while waiting for insurance to do the work. The police helped call for a rickshaw. The rickshaw came and looked. After a while, the insurance called and said that the rickshaw said that it could not be dragged because there was too much snow. So we had to find a way to get the car back on our own, so we asked to go back down with the police and leave the car. She said the police car wasn't a taxi and the police station wasn't a hotel. I'm not going to sleep there. We already have a place to stay, and we don't listen, and we just keep watching the car all night until the snow melts, and then take the car back. Saying we had a small child, she wouldn't !!!!. It's in the middle of the forest, snow falling, and the temperature is 0 degrees. When the insurance said that I had to watch the car all night, it was over. Our two little girls were crying. The children were scared, but they waited in the car for 3 hours from light to dark, and in the middle of the forest in the middle of the mountain like this.....finally the police sympathized. He took us down to the city, which seemed to break the bailiff's face. She called back and complained, "It's good that the police helped us. They shouldn't have to help. We have to thank the police very much. Mae Khu Na We are very grateful for the help of the police, who are here for 3-4 hours and are not going anywhere. We talked about it, we didn't know about it, we tried our best. It's good that there's Sensei Palm, who helps as a cross-country interpreter. In conclusion, all this help should have happened as soon as the police arrived. It'll be over in the first half hour. If the insurer doesn't care more about the car than he cares about people, I can't believe that he will see that a car is worth more than the lives of 7 people......secretly lose a lot of feelings"After sharing his experience this time, friends inside and outside the industry, including netizens, came to comment and said that he was very lucky that no serious accident occurred.A post shared by M_Apinan (@m_apinan)SPONSORED
Jip Pokchat Open your heart for the first time after being asked to marry. Clearly not pregnant (clip)|Host-Actress Jip Pokchat Thiamchai has opened up through his new YouTube channel called Jopo Channel, both about getting pregnant before and after getting married, will he quit the industry at all? And let me see the moment when she was beaten by a young man, that her future husband. PROPOSED MARRIAGE BY THE SEA IN PHUKET FOR SINGLES TO BE JEALOUS OF EACH OTHER WITH SPONSORED BY JIB POKCHAT SAID THAT HE MET YOUNG TA BECAUSE HE WAS FRIENDS WITH PETCH'S HUSBAND. Nara Previously, it had not been released because the doctor had put it aside. I want to tell the villagers not to keep quiet for a little over a year, I can't get married too soon. Because of all the ages, we've talked about each other and tuned in, and we both have the same goals. Jib wants to create a family, and at the wedding, Jib said that there is definitely no such thing, and apologized to many people who were not invited to the event, and immediately had an heir this year, and insisted that he definitely did not leave the entertainment industry.
Taitan T-POP artists go on to create legends in GET REAL |Create a legend that will shake up the T-pop industry again, who will be anywhere The Four One One Music (411 Music) of Big Boss Kueng-Chalermchai Mahakitsiri? Teap Interlocking The group's first male solo artist flew directly to Seoul to prepare for a secret mission that has yet to be revealed. And to be a special guest for the famous South Korean podcast, which has welcomed countless K-pop artists/idols. This event is the first time that a T-POP artist has been invited to open their hearts. "GET REAL" is the name of the Korean podcast that is being talked about. Peniel Shin and Junny on YouTube channel DIVE Studios are podcasts that allow close friends to sit around and exchange conversations. No matter the job. Love and a growing perspective on life. The latest episode EP.27 features a familiar guest, "Tai Tan", a talented T-pop artist who has released All Night (feat. Loco) https://youtu.be/Gb93sjctoEs debut single, where he had the opportunity to work with his father's K-hip-hop artist Loco, Loco, a friendly rapper at AOMG. One of the top picks that the 3 hosts are actively interested in is Thai food, especially the egg menu, the son-in-law looked at him smiling. The length of the show is 54.45 minutes, but "Tai Tan" is already cute for 60 minutes (because it's too cute!). The opinions of viewers from different countries are the same: they have been dropped!! At the end of the podcast, I was asked if there would be new music coming out soon? He's a light spoiler that he's currently preparing an EP album. I'll hear it soon, but when will it be? Fans can look forward to watching "GET REAL" featuring T-pop artist TYTAN as a full guest on YouTube DIVE Studios https://youtu.be/B-bkYppOMM4 and soon with a special vlog episode to fill the background on YouTube 411ent https://www.youtube.com/411ent SUBSCRIBE and ring the bell to open the alert !!!SPONSORED.
Pang Arjira clears drama, gets gambling website, confident that rich husband has a source (clip)|It has become highly watched by people in society. After the list of people in the entertainment industry was revealed, the gambling website One of them is the young heroine. And when I met actress Pang Arjira, I congratulated her on vermicelli. Virithipa and Janie Thien Pho Suwan At the event "SEWA GORGEOUS TIME, THE PRIME MOMENT" at magnolia ballroom, Waldorf Astoria Hotel, Bangkok, we asked if she was worried about having her husband's name linked. There is a source of "comfort to a certain extent?" is that, as far as I know, there is none. I'm still comfortable (laughs) and I don't think so," I thought, "Do you think that when you see the news, we have to be tethered?" It's rich. We're still working now."If he opens our husband's warp, is the dough ok?", we see it's open. In fact, everyone has a history. It's about how much we want to write about it, but if it's good information, open it. He went to Google, and he found a lot. IT'S NOT FAIR TO BE US, BUT IF IT'S GOING TO BE OPEN IN BAD INFORMATION, UM, WE'RE PROBABLY GOING TO GET BACK INTO A LITTLE BIT OF A FIGHT BECAUSE SOME OF THEM DON'T KNOW (LAUGHS)."
Goh Ti Is it true that "we have meaning when it's useful?"|Make a fan of famous comedians. Goh Ti Aramboy is worried. After he posted a message cutting off his life. He said there was no real motivation to keep going, and many people wondered what had happened to his life. Gohti Aramboy joined the show "Celebrity Sit Clear" on Channel 8 with Yingsak Jonglertjesadawong. In the teaser clip "Goh Ti", cut off the desire to leave the industry?! There was a time when Goh Ti said, "When family time is in trouble. That person speaks badly to this person, there is a problem with this person. It all came crashing in. Back home, someone would ask me if I was tired, we were worried about everyone, but not everyone thought we needed the same word." Asked about the indefinite postponement of the wedding. Double pics are also rare. He went to count on the page, saying that it had been 8 months since there was no picture of a couple, Goh Ti replied with a tense expression, "It's a lot," and there was an episode where Goh Ti said, "I have to find my own food, we mean something to him. Before crying and saying, "Have you ever thought I was hurt?" sponsored cleared simultaneously for the whole country by Yingsak Tuesday, February 28, 2023 on Channel 8 at 4.00 pm. Watch the clip.
Netizens share a picture of Nadej riding an old motorcycle Traffic jams at Asoke intersection|It is already known that the hot young hero Nadej Kukimiya, who even on TV screens or attending events, is extremely handsome. But the young man's personal life was simple, plainly dressed. There have been times when people have seen him get on the train and shared the photo that has gone viral, including a shot of Nadej riding a chill Grab motorcycle. Many people admire him as a down-to-earth hero, and most recently there was the same Facebook user Jack. Who accidentally passes around Asoke and meets a young hero riding a motorcycle. The car was stuck there, so I shared the photo on Facebook and wrote, "Chill vacation (the real one in the pile is cute)", amid comments that they were cute, handsome all the time. ETC.SPONSORED
Ning Panita Open your heart to tears and try your best to fix this (video)|It's a hot topic of drama with the news of her mother's villain getting caught in the abbreviation. Ning Panita and her husband Jin Charin Thamwattana recently met Ning Panita at "SEWA GORGEOUS TIME, THE PRIME MOMENT" at the Magnolia Ballroom of Waldorf Astoria Hotel, Bangkok. "The nature of every family is that there is no family without problems, we accept that our family has problems, which is not to deny anything, but when we have problems, when it comes to using the word family, it does not mean us alone. It also means our husband's family. Therefore, when we have a problem, we must use mindfulness to solve it. There's no need to rush. IN THE MOMENT, WE ARE STILL IN THE SOLUTION, SPONSORED, THE FIRST NEWS CASE, WE HAVE BEEN WORKING FOR 20 YEARS, WE NEVER (CRY). We never felt less in the media, but asked if there was a deep feeling when there was any news #นางร้าย #นางร้ายนางเหวี่ยง and some of the news was untrue. We cooperate in answering every question, there has never been a time when it was disrespectful to everyone. Some of the news wasn't us, and some of the bad news wasn't us, because we were still at home. A lot of things happen so fast that we don't catch up. He insisted that he was still in the same house as his husband and still used that status, but as I said, every family was already in trouble. When there is a problem, everyone already knows that we are women who are ready to solve every problem. No matter what we are, no matter what we are wrong or right, especially whatever, everyone already knows that we are ready to make amends and do everything better in all matters, and family matters we try to solve as best we can, which is in the process of solving problems. Now, there's a lot going on in events and dramas. Give us a little time. As a human being, every mother on the planet is the most important aspect of motherhood. It's about doing what's best for your child. What's best for our children, whatever it is, we have to do that. In making news, because for 20 years, Ning has cooperated well for all the brothers, but today we would like to ask everyone a little. When writing news, it helps to be kind to us a little bit, because some of the media that writes it out of our children is already reading. Every story is inscribed online that it cannot be erased. We believe that anyone who comments on a news story has no intention of harming our feelings, or knows that sometimes many communications are not intended to hurt our feelings. It may have wounded the child without us realizing it, or even today when we are trying to be sober to answer, we don't know if it will wound the child in the days ahead with the husband. Jin, we've had a few conversations, and as we said, everything that's going on is in the process of being resolved. BUT FOR US, EVERYTHING THAT WILL BE DECIDED IN THE FUTURE MUST BE THE BEST FOR NIRIN, WHO IS A VERY SWEET AND STRONG KID, WHO WANTS EVERYONE TO CARE ABOUT HIM A LOT AND BE KIND TO HIM A LOT, BELIEVING THAT EVERY FAMILY WHEN PROBLEMS ARISE, THE MOST IMPORTANT DECISION IS THAT THE CHILD IS IMPORTANT".SPONSORED
Joey Phuvasit Opening a new dimension of souvenirs from music fans, the lottery lifted the panel on March 1.|It's called a trend lately. For the ultimate souvenir from music fans brought to their favorite artists. There are everything from pots, buckets, bowls, jars, big gifts to stupid things, to creatures like cows, which have been brought to artists in the past, which young singer Joey Phuvasit has also encountered extreme events from music fans. Joey's fans are all out, with the March 1, 2023 lottery draw in the middle of the stage. It's called opening another dimension of souvenirs from music fans. Prepare to close the alley to feed the big pork pan. Young Joey can whisper thairath entertainment online.
Jig Naowarat clears news of a jobless life I had a problem with my daughter-in-law and had to isolate my house.|How long has passed and she can't do anything about her beauty? For Jig Naowarat Yuktanun, the latest came out on the show. On Channel 8, after the news that he was jobless because of so much that his life was ruined, he had to sell his house and sell the land to eat. Now I choose a script. So I don't talk like the old days, right, because there's no value. The child grows up. He went to take the kids who grew up for us. We got even more news that we didn't have money, so we had to sell the house. I don't know how much land is gone, is it? Is it that hard for you to jig? Throw it away. I sold all the bricks, I sold all the bricks, the doors and windows were all smashed, and where did I go to live in the rented room in Kesiville (laughs) is that the house is like this, I have 2 children, so everything is divided. We're not in the sky. One day we had to die, so we decided to divide the house in half for each of our children. This one title deed one. THE OTHER ONE DEED, WE DIDN'T HAVE ONE, AND WE LIVED WITH THE BABY BEFORE SPONSORED, AND THEN ONE DAY WE DIED, ONE OF THE CHILDREN GOT A HOUSE. You don't have to share your treasures. If it's in one house, it's all over. This one wasn't right with my sister-in-law. This one wasn't right with my sister-in-law. His mother-in-law came. My father-in-law came, oh my gosh, we're dead, why are you fighting? I prepared everything. In the matter of people having to prepare before dying, I go back to work. He doesn't like Jig because of the lot of details in his work. A lot of questions?yes, a lot of details, of course. Let him not like it, but I like him. And of course, if there are not many details, there will definitely be problems in the future: 1. How much does it cost to finish playing? Oh, because it's not cleared 2. So far that there is no provincial shuttle. Don't go, it's not worth it, get one sum of money, but the car goes to crash to death that you can't take because you can't drive to other provinces. If you have a shuttle or can go with someone else, okay3. Most importantly, there is no parking. How do you get to work, and how do you get upset? He had to trap the parking lot. What chapter? How much does it cost, what time does it cost, what time does it end, what should it be known about, not playing, and not knowing what to play, what to do? How does it work? The details of the reception are really important, there are people who say that the jig is crazy, how do you respond to him, and maybe when you go to the show, we just show it, right?, you are 2 drafts, 1 draft, you are crazy, happy, but the other body, what is stressful with you, and then you will be stressed out, and the teacher knows before the show. I'm going to sit down and talk about morality and he'll laugh as he briefs, we don't know what to do, understand, but I like the show. Actually asked. Why can't we live in a house with other people with our own children? My child is grown up, they're in the same room, sharing a room, taking the same shower. The toilet cannot be flushed at the same place. I'm a very carrying person. towel Underwear, toothbrushes, underwear, is everything wrong that we can't live with our own bloodline? Understandable, very loving, but it also needs to be distinguished. Sometimes in some ways it must be understood that a person born alone dies. We have to allocate rations, not burden our children. Don't take your child as a location, everyone must have someone's life of it. Moving on to each part of ourselves, we move on to the right path. That's why we're alone, and our youngest child is married. I have a daughter-in-law, but I have a separate house because of my brother-in-law's taste, but people understand that my mother-in-law is so bad that I can't live with my daughter-in-law(laughs). No, ask if you love or love because he came to take care of us. We have to give him our hearts, we have to support him, we have to push both of them to the shore to get our child to lose him. Are you worried? We can't stop him. If you think it's good, it's good. If you think about it from another angle, it's bad, because it doesn't have its own position. He made his own choice. Life belongs to him. We can't stop him and he takes care of his mother-in-law, cares about it, but we don't have to show him. Find rice We can't find fish to eat, but we can't live together. Can't stand it? Do you still hope? I used to think about it, but now I never think about it because 1. We like children. The younger we are, we have to go and nurse the kids. This is the habit of not raising anyone, we only raise 2 children, we sit and raise children, the children themselves have no dignity, we are bad. He didn't let us feed, but he could feed us, but asked how many of them he would have. I asked if he would come and take us. Because we're not old or old boys letting us wear bikinis and walk him out, he won't take us. Ask if you're happy today. Is this much happier than when you make up a corpse, have you encountered anything strange, and have spirits followed us? Some are trying to be grateful, some are trying to be grateful? This is what my mind thinks, some of you are beautiful aunts. When we stop, don't put your aunt to sleep next to that uncle because he doesn't know, and then he pushes the bed in again, but the bed flows by itself. As for the tracking spirit, there are only good things for us, he said. Makeup jigs make up for corpses. When I'm done. Did you sell the jig?, you know? People who donate cosmetics to me, sometimes they expire. I have to sit and watch. Open it, there is running water. I littered it. Don't listen to others. I have to see that the cosmetics are of high quality. Finally, Jik Naowarat also said, "People are dead and good, they must be inscribed, not dead for people to curse, to be Naowarat Yuktanun today, because the people support it. If no one supports us, we can't be Naowarat today. Others may not be popular, maybe not, but we think we can do anything. We want to say, get up, get up and do what you think in life you want to give back to society. If you want to make yourself worthy of a good life, you don't have to choose. Do something that benefits society".
DJ Phetcha-Nuclear takes "Taiga" on a trip to Japan The fans are very excited.|Suw...su...zasa...a seeing the moment in front of "DJ Phetcha-Wichian" and "Nuclear-Hansa" acting as a parent to the beloved son "Nong Taiga" taking a trip to Japan in the cold wind. Fans want to return to their double life... win more, I don't know, but I want to win, but surely "Taiga" is happy that Suddd...Dr."Muaysa" is here!!
Janie invests 100 million baht to open a new business with Vermicelli, confident that there is no problem (clip)|It's a huge new business. For young heroines Janie Alpachan at Pom Phet, who has invested in working hard to do business with her best friend Wuntaan Virithipha. Janie at the launch event of "SEWA GORGEOUS TIME, THE PRIME MOMENT" at Magnolia Ballroom, Waldorf Astoria Hotel, Bangkok. Janie said, confident that there was no problem. As for jobs in the entertainment industry, Janie said, still accepting it. Now do everything, both personal business and work in the entertainment industry, because there is still a contract with Channel 3. "Actually, at first we thought a lot, do it with vermicelli, how do we do it, and then we will fight? We've been in the same group as Jane for almost 20 years, we've been together for almost 20 years, we've been together for a long time, hitting each other (smiling) until today, and Jane is sure that we're not hitting each other anymore, even though we're going to hit each other, we're going to hit each other in this band, but we're definitely not hitting each other about this business." Talk to each other to understand each other better (smile)"So this time it's going to be a good fit?"Yes, because we really can't do anything together, we can't keep quiet, or there's something in our minds that becomes a problem. What do we talk about, like, dislike, like, dislike, or dislike? On the stage where I told the cream there were 100 corrections, jelly might feel tired, but Jane told jelly, one is that Jane can't really lose face, it's Jane's brand, and JT is on the jar. If Jane uses something that is not of quality, then Jane doesn't use things well, Jane's face will be on every woman's face, people will come to Jane. So we had to go to Korea to see the recipe for ourselves"What are the advantages of doing business with friends?" It's something we feel like we've shared. We have trust and feel like we're helping each other make a living, it's another stage of life that we take hand in hand. Other than before, we met and ate. Now we meet together, help each other in business, help each other make a living (smile)"How much to invest?", it is in the budget of 100 million"Is it the largest investment?"The most. Would it be wrong to say that half the time (smiling) is that Jane still loves working in drama because she's still on Channel 3, there's a contract, but this is like another role in life that Jane feels like we're all grown up in. If Jane comes to business, or does something that we feel is sure of life and makes our lives feel like a new level and then becomes more stable, then what is the part that makes us think that life needs to be more stable?" Jane probably feels that we have to do something for him, we have to have something for him, and then it feels like we look into his eyes every morning and then we will. I want to do everything I can to do my best for him (smile)"How do I take care of my kids, take care of my business?"Half of me"Is the drama work back?", "I'm back, I have to go back, because Jane has a contract for Channel 3 and definitely doesn't leave. I don't want to be a job anymore?", it's not about anything that I ask for a job (smile), we don't say no, don't say no"So what's next?", depending on you, the audience(smiling), but Jane herself will feel that we want to play something challenging to ourselves.
Nag Charlie couldn't keep up with the others, but he was practicing hitting. Accept all cat sand to work.|It's a lot of social media. When the young hero Nag Charlie Trairat decided to take a job as a coffee presenter. This work comes in a short-haired look. Wearing a suit and posing coolly for the photographer to press the shutter quickly. How handsome is it like an oppa? A lot of people don't think that they like it when they're hot for money. Because I've seen Nag use his handsomeness as a result of this work. 555 I AM GLAD AND DO NOT ARGUE AT ALL, EACH COMMENT IS COMPLETELY CORRECT. I don't usually eat coffee, but this one is really edible, thank you very much, very cute customer, very kind customer and I caught my hair to make up and dress in a bad way, because I usually wear only a shirt and I thank you to every page, everyone, every comment, I read almost all of them very cute, this year I wish everyone a good year, I wish everyone happiness, only good things, good health, both my parents and friends, I will try to be a better person in many things, and I will always focus on making music, working as long as possible, thank you for all the opportunities. I repeat, I'm not a good person in everything, but a handsome person who isn't handsome. Yes. Thank you so much everyone..."
"Ob-Obnithi", a new artist, released the song "Moon to Mars".|Grew up on the path of becoming an actor for many years. Recently, "Ob-Obnithi Wiwathanavarank" revealed another passion is singing. He made his debut as a new artist and released "Moon to Mars", the first single in his life!! It's a lovely song. The lyrics by Panat Khunprasert Wong getsunova and Four-Prateep Sirisaranan helped arrange the song to have a more POP and R&B vibe. Directed by Tiger-Pichaya Jarasboonpracha along with MV Lady Prang-Kannaran Wongkajornlai, SPONSORED "Ob-Obnithi" said, "I'm very proud of "Moon to Mars", the first song in my life. I've tried new things, challenged myself a lot, and it's really fun to be involved in every step of the way of making music. I want this song to be simple and bright. Start your idea from Moon to Mars (Moon to Mars). Let's take distance as the main concept. It's like when people who are just talking to each other at first are not fans, but there are good feelings for each other, how far away they want to go, just tell her, we are ready to go. This MV song was directed by Tiger Brother, and I wanted it to be positive according to the lyrics and music. See the narrative along with visuals of various colors, giving it a space look. The MV heroine thinks of Lady Prang. Follow the MV song "Moon to Mars" on YouTube : OabnithW.
"Mai-Nonthaphan" invades Hua Lamphong, bringing friends to share their bond with the train.|From the largest railway station, it is about to be diminished in importance, and before it is swallowed by time, the hero Wood-Nonthaphan I would like to volunteer to take you to Bangkok Railway Station (Hua Lamphong) and invite my best friend Sun-Pichayadon to convey the love and bond about the train in the show "Nostalgic Mission"SPONSORED. Money-Kitchanong Chamnongkit from 7HD New Stars stage continues this nostalgia with They all reached hua lamphong railway station. Relive the classic nostalgia with the most memorable memories of this place, with best friends who are fans of Thai Railway Ham-Wanwiss. Niampan Let's share some good stories and knowledge that is given in a fastidious way, and indispensable is the mission of the show. This time, the handsome young Sun-Pichayadon Puengphan joined the mission together. It's sure to be a lot of fun with friendship. Stay tuned. Tonight at 10.45pm on Channel 7HD, dial 35.
Ning Panita Accept both tears. Family in trouble, clear news, husband has little house (clip)|It became the hottest drama for the mother villain, Ning Panita, who was hit by the big news as an acronym. "The villain throws clothes out of her husband's house", following in the footsteps of a broken bed, and during valentine's day, there was a picture of Jin Charin Thamwattana eating with a woman. Ning Panita attended "SEWA GORGEOUS TIME, THE PRIME MOMENT" at magnolia ballroom at Waldorf Astoria Hotel Bangkok, so he opened up about the issue for the first time. Since Ning flew abroad, he went to work. It's a plan that already has a family date, Ning understands the work of the brothers. Everyone says that the brothers have to work and respect each other, but today Ning may ask permission that Ning respects everyone. Ning could answer as much as Ning replied, because the issues raised were sufficiently sensible: "SPONSORED, is the event that happened on Valentine's Day as true as the rumors came out?", uh... The nature of every family Ning admits that the Ning family has a problem. Now, there's no denying anything, but when we're in trouble, we use the word family. It means family on Jin's side. It also means all the brothers who are here, as well as all the friends who love and care about us. It takes mindfulness to solve the problem. There is no need to hurry, and in Ning's moment, it is now in the moment of solving the problem"Did you come out of the house as the news came out?". Let's be honest, perhaps Ning has worked for over 20 years in the entertainment industry. Ning never (still, crying). I never felt a little in the media, but I asked if there was a deep feeling, maybe there was enough news when I wrote the word #นางร้าย #นางร้ายหน้าเหวี่ยง #นางร้ายสายมู #นางร้ายใจบุญ #ผู้จัดละคร, some news was not true, but Ning would be dragged into a real news loop. It is not true, Ning always cooperated in answering questions every time, there was no time to disrespect everyone, but some news was not Ning, and then the news was really Ning, and Ning replied that before Ning flew to work abroad, Ning flew to work in the province, met the reporter, and then replied that the villain was not Ning, and it was not really Ning, Ning was still at home, and understood that the news should be over from that day, and then went abroad, and the story dragged on until now, which happened so fast that Ning himself did not immediately catch up, "Is it still at Jin's house today?" Ning still uses that status, but as Ning said, uh... Every family still reiterates the same, the nature of every family is already in trouble, when there is a problem, everyone already knows, Ning is ready to solve all the problems that have passed, no matter what, no matter what, no matter what Ning himself is wrong, will be right, and whatever it is, if Ning does not do well, no matter what, everyone already knows that Ning is ready to accept. And be ready to do whatever it takes to make it better. If it's a family affair, Ning will have to try his best to fix it rather than Ning himself. It's even a personal thing, which, as I said, is a matter of problem solving. If anything, it's clear. You know, Ning Panita is a very clear person too, and I believe that everyone loves Ning and supports Ning." Where did the process go today?", as I said, everything is fast. In fact, Ning had just returned to Thailand, and it was still so early that Ning couldn't keep up. When Ning returned, he was preparing for today's Seva event. Ning is prepared to lay out Ning's new character, and Ning also has a lot of Ning's company story. It's all very recent. Give Ning a little time, "Everything, Ning, think mainly of the word family, do everything for the family to still exist?" The most important thing for a mother is to do the best for her child. The best thing for the child, no matter what, Ning had to do that, Ning really had to plead with all the brothers (trembling voice) that some news of the time it happened, Ning understood everyone's work, and Ning was sure that everyone who was here. No one hates Ning, because 20 years ago, Ning cooperated with everyone very well, when anyone asked for anything, Ning never refused everyone, but today Ning wants to ask everyone a little now when to write anything about Ning. Ning had already read the book, but he had already started to read fluent Thai, and everything would be inscribed on the online world that could not be erased. The person who comments (trembling voices) or who writes the news, no one has the intention of hurting Ning's feelings or Ning's feelings. It may wound the child without us knowing, or even today that Ning is trying to be sober in answering. Some of Ning's words might have wounded Ning's children without even realizing it. Therefore, Ning really pleads, either with Ning or with other families who have problems here. Nobody wants to get in trouble. "With "Jin", how much chance did we have to talk about the problem?", there was a discussion in about a while"Some news even went to the stage of saying that the drunk husband asked for a divorce?"(sigh) Well, as Ning said, everything that happened, it is in the process of solving the problem. Solving the problems of each family, it will come out in a form that is unknown, but for Ning. Everything Ning will decide in the future. It must be the best thing for Nirin, and everyone sees his cuteness (trembling voice) that he is a very cute and strong kid as well, which the stronger he is, the more he wants everyone to care about him a lot and be kind to him a lot. The most important decision is that the child is really important"How much support do the adults of both families support?" Can Ning finish this? I'm sorry (and walked away)".
Vermicelli-Janie reveals the secrets of her mother's face and joins hands to pursue a new business.|What will this minute bring against the two best friends of the fairy gang? Virithipa Phakdeeprasong and Janie Alpachan at Pom Phet After releasing a beautiful set of beautiful photos in Korean style, Gao Jai came out to fetch the latest appetizers. "SEWA GOLDEN GINSENG CREAM" recently launched at the ''SEWA GORGEOUS TIME, THE PRIME MOMENT" event at Magnolia Ballroom, Waldorf Astoria Hotel, Bangkok. Janie Alpachan at Pom Phet as the latest Co-CEO of the Sewa brand. In addition to the two executives of Thailand's number one premium skincare brand, Vermicelli. Virithipa Phakdeeprasong and Mr. Pook Benjakiti Meksaen will be warmly welcomed. Such as Ning Panita, Nana Raibina, Ann Alisha, Jensuda. PANTO, PANG ARJIRA, DJ BOY JAKHARIN, OZA WANG, YOGURT NATTHACHACH, MAY NISACHON, MUDMI PIMDAO, ETC.SPONSORED WHICH VERMICELLI REVEALED, "SEVA HAS BEEN WITH THAI GIRLS FOR MANY YEARS AND TODAY IS AN IMPORTANT DAY FOR US TO EXPAND OUR FAMILY BIGGER AND BIGGER BECAUSE WE WILL HAVE Janie became the Co-CEO of the product, which Janie is like our mother because he has been meticulously crafting every step for more than 2 years, sending things back and forth between Thailand and Korea more than 20 times until it comes out in the best version that a cream can be. Janie never disappoints anyone. We are confident to move forward in a big way at the same time." Matt Janie said, "I have to say that before hatching from the eggs. Janie went to the ginseng garden to become a really premium SEWA because it is a fresh extract. It's not a powdered extract, but an exclusive Tailor-Made for real Seva, almost sleeping with the Korean research team, which is the team of the world's number one beauty production lab and partnered with many leading premium brands. Applying cream is usually boring. And some creams are heavy or sticky, but this SEWA feels that the skin loves it. The skin likes to help oxygenate the skin, make the skin moisturize and shine, restore healthy skin, reduce wrinkles.
Prawn Gem It doesn't create buzz. Prepare to swim across the Chao Phraya River possible Very comfortable. |Prawn Ploy Kanittarin or Tik Big Brother, the ex-wife of Young Sarram, has posted a clip preparing to swim across the Chao Phraya River. He posted the clip on his Instagram account, reiterating that it did not create a buzz and was very comfortable. It's very comfortable, I'm swimming to claim the rights of the flooded people in Ang Thong. Gemstone shrimp do not create buzz. Prawn Ploy will demand that even after reaching the age of 40, the gem shrimp swims across the Chao Phraya River to do it for the Ang Thong brothers. The Chao Phraya River men still can't do it at all. If a small female gem shrimp can do it. After Prawn Gem After posting the clip, there were many netizens who commented on it, some were encouraging and believed that prawns could do it, some told them to study more information, not just read in the news.
11th anniversary of love|It is another sweet couple who have been dating for a very long time. For the young heroines Mint Chalida Vijitwongthong and Hiso Young Phupha Techanarong, there is still no sign of good news about marriage. Phupha posted a sweet photo with Mint on the occasion of their 11th anniversary and wrote a caption that made fans secretly win the wedding, saying, "11 years down, forever to go. Happy Anniversary 11 years, when is it good #ผมถนัดแบบนี้".
Mudmi Pimdao Open your heart to a new love. Happy young men My heart is pink. For the girl Mudmi Pimdao Panichwan who is now dating a guy outside the industry Win In the past, the couple has had cute moments for fans to see often. Mudmi attended the launch event of "SEWA GORGEOUS TIME, THE PRIME MOMENT" at Magnolia Ballroom, Waldorf Astoria Hotel, Bangkok. Location, clothes (laughs) "How is he a man?", he is gentle. There is more adulthood than age. He's also a teacher. HE HELPED US, WAS KIND, THOUGHT BEFORE HE SPOKE, AND BALANCED WELL, "SPONSORED LAUNCHED 100%?", WAS POSTED ON INSTAGRAM A LOT. But I rarely come out and say, "Do you see Sweet often?" He cared, but not sweet, bought flowers, didn't give, but lived together. It's sweet for him,"Is he the same age?", he's younger than us, but the habit goes beyond us, "How many years younger?", about 3-4 years over", "Invigorating?", it feels new, because we never had a younger boyfriend, but it feels good. At this age, I want to do well today. He's the same. We take it very seriously. Planning for life, the future, having Win together, being comfortable (shy), but also adapting a lot, but also having something to like, like our movie, he will also come to play"Is he a teacher?", is he a walking instructor and teaches movement"Is he following our hearts?", he doesn't indulge us at first, so I feel interesting (laughs) because before we were spoiled by us, but this one is not like that, "He is a leader?"Yes, "What does the family say?", "The family gives us the freedom to make decisions. I had the opportunity to go to dinner. My parents were so cute, "How do you see love today?" In the end, that's what we expect. It wasn't what we wanted, but we live with today. What's in front of us, how happy it is. This is important, what does the future hold? Let's stay with this day first. NOT LOOKING, LOOKING, BUT WE ARE WOMEN, LET'S JUST SAY ENOUGH, AND WE ARE HAPPY".SPONSORED
Aunt Cat Venus raises his hand to apologize to Yui Jiranan for getting hit by the tour until his mind falls.|It's quite a bit of drama. For Aunt Cat Venus, who came out to talk about the issue that there are many people who helped him, including Aum Phatcharapa, Bum Panadda, but alluded that there was a star who never helped, but went to speak out in the media, and people guessed that it was Yoi Jarn Mon or Yui Jiranan Manojam, causing misunderstandings that caused Yui Jiranan to come out live to clarify his innocence. latest Aunt Cat I've opened up about this through the show. Chat Zapshow On Channel 31, with Pink Before Afternoon, Master One and Benz Pornchita as the host, the show hosted enough to listen to the clip of Yui. How do you feel?Aunt Cat: Seeing him crying was shocking because Aunt Cat didn't mention her name even a little. But I don't know where the initials came from, so I'm shocked to let Aunt Cat confirm that I didn't mention Yui or didn't mean him, right? Where does the acronym come from? Aunt Cat was very confused and Aunt Cat thought that people would think it was Yui. Aunt Cat: This cat aunt can't know either, I have to say that I was shocked because my friends sent me to see it. Aunt Cat: It's like a pet that's hungry and running for food if you go back to the day when someone reached out to help Aunt Cat. Aunt Cat: There's a lot, sometimes we're afraid of scammers, so we have to protect ourselves after the tour is down. Today, Aunt Cat came out to confirm that it wasn't about Yui. Aunt Cat: Not at all. I didn't even have a little name for her, but I was still shocked at how the acronym came about, most of the people who cared for Aunt Cat. Who is there? Damn. A lot of people, many of you, and I'm grateful to you very much, so let's go back to the day when journalists interviewed why these words came out. What was the incident that day?Aunt Cat: He asked about the illness. And when I'm sick, who still takes care of me, I say I'm still taking care of it, but there's one thing that comes in and says this, but we don't get anything. That's all I said that day, I didn't think anything of it. : I didn't think anything of it, this clip is the one that brought the tour down. Does that mean that the person Aunt Cat is talking about is someone in the entertainment industry or Aunt Cat is broadly speaking? My children, grandchildren and grandchildren came to help, many of whom listened like aunts and cats in a way that conveyed a message. Aunty Cat: It's not a low heart. Some people come to ask us if it's true. So I told him it wasn't anything, so we told the truth because we weren't really who we were, so we didn't know. Asked if he had ever given his name, Aunt Cat said the answer. Is Aunt Cat going to read the news or someone tells me that Aunt Cat has this person who said she would take care of it, and he didn't come. CAT AUNTY FEEL?SPONSORED AUNTY CAT: SOMEONE TOLD ME Aunt Cat like this, we're like, oh, no, Aunt Cat is going to say that Aunt Cat is protecting herself that Aunt Cat doesn't get it from what he communicates, Aunt Cat? : Yes, at first people were wondering who it was until a page came up with the initials Y Mon Mon?Aunt Cat: This one was shocked too. How did it come about after Yui came out alive? Haven't talked to each other yet? Aunty Cat: I want to tell you that Aunt Cat just came to know the truth yesterday that she helped you in. Aunt Cat thanked her very much. Aunt Cat apologizes to her for having this happen. It's very chaotic, I apologize to you for being on the tour as well, but after that the tour came down, Aunt Cat also confirmed 100% again that it wasn't Yui. Aunt Cat: No, but if you help Aunt Cat come in. Aunt Cat thanked her very much, as Yui said. There is an account number, understand that many people should help each other, but do not know who how much, which in the post wrote a caption about not leaving each other, so people went to interpret?Aunt Cat: This one is not known either, and people come to say that it is true or not, will take care of it forever. I really want to ask for a job? Aunt Cat also wants to work. Don't be afraid that Aunt Cat will die in the middle of the set, and Aunt Cat still remembers the script accurately. Aunty Cat: It works, but it can't just run, with our health not being 100% good, and then come to read the strong comments, is it very depressing?Aunt Cat: It's depressing, since last night I haven't eaten at all. The other one, the person will help or not help, it is his right. Aunty Cat: This one has never been like Benz to help Aunt Cat. Never. Auntie has known Benz for a long time. I've never been like a cat benz. Can you help me? Unless Aunt Cat is sick, the news will come out. When the news came out, I was like, 'Oh, yes. I know, I'm going to help my aunt and cat, everyone is helping each other. I've never been sick or have no food, please, never. Aunty Cat: Where do you want to sue him, sue someone who makes strong comments, damages us? Aunt Cat is not really that kind of person, there are many comments saying that Aunt Cat is returning. Aunt Cat: I didn't return anything because I didn't say what Yui was that day. I didn't say anything, but when my aunt knew she was really helping, she knew she was there to help. It's a misunderstanding, Aunt Cat wants to tell people what to say. : (raise your hand) Please stop. Stop commenting on Aunt Cat in such a way that...it's very mentally draining because Aunt Cat isn't really that kind of person. Aunty Cat: I came in and gave a lot of encouragement, tell me not to think too much, I will not be comfortable, it will pass, do not go to anything heavy, there may be misunderstandings. You can miscommunicate.
Gig Suvajni takes his own experience to teach his children about sex education, revealing the iron rules of the house.|The legendary mother villain Gig Suvajni, who today will reveal the reasons for his comeback in the entertainment industry. Resurrecting myths The number one villain in 13 years, and also has a good story about her eldest daughter. Tanya The 3-year-old, who is now in her teenage years, has been teaching her children about sex education and revealing the iron rules of the house through the "Talk Zap Show" on Channel 31, featuring Benz Pornchita, a teacher, and Chompoo Before Afternoon, as the host of the show "Eldest daughter of Chulalongkorn University?" He had an effort. He's a pretty focused kid and he's determined that he's going to join the BBA, the Inter Chulalongkorn Administration, and we're grateful that he's done it when he passes the exam. He took his parents and raised him. He collects his money each month. He took his parents, and he couldn't eat them because it was his intention. When I got it, the first thing that came to my mind was my dad. Mom, what we give our children, it's not going anywhereSPONSORED, 3 kids are the most like the elders?Gig: Each one of them will be a little bit of a father and a mother. Like Tanya, she gets impatience from her because her father is very calm. Second, he'll be as calm as his father, but he's as entertaining as he is, who likes to talk to his friends. Have friends and hilarious parties, but one person likes to stay at home. The third, ten-year-old still doesn't look good, but he likes the same style as his brother, but he likes fun, challenges, and sports as his mother. There may be rules in the early days when he was young, but when he started growing up, we had to let go, because he didn't want to hear what his mother was like, if we didn't teach him when he was a kid, he would be a drifting kid. Gig: Don't lie, in the family we will know what to say, don't lie, if lying is a long story, you can't lie about small things, because you consider it to be a belief in yourself. If you lied once. The second time, people won't trust you, do you have any clues to lying?Gig: No, I don't. I don't think I like it because my parents taught me this and my way of life since I was a child. I believe that if you are sincere. Don't lie to anyone. Others will give you confidence, and they will feel that this person is a trustworthy person. I think it's important. Lying and lying to make you comfortable? But I don't lie because half of the stories told are correct, half of them are not told, so I don't lie. I believe that we have to deal with this, but in the end, I am sure that not lying, honestly, sincerely, is the best thing in every way. Motherhood is exactly everything. Gig: This is something that I have to teach my child because my eldest brother, 18 women, 15 middle girls, believes that his school has taught this to a certain extent, but he can't delve into it like a mother can teach me. Sex education is very important. If you know first, it's not a bad thing, we say, believe it or not, now every woman can get pregnant if you have menstruation, and he will understand. But if you go to have anything with a man, you have to wear a condom every time. Now you don't know, but if you're an all-female student, the chances of meeting a man are quite difficult. But we don't know what the outside of the round will be. But we have to say that in the end, anyway, we have to get him to put on a condom. Because if you get pregnant, you'll immediately have a mother-like condition, which is a lot of responsibility and he'll be very scared. Because he saw his mother in chaos. He said he wouldn't have children, so we asked why. He doesn't want to be like his mother, he sees his mother tired of raising his children, he sees his brother's turmoil because his house is clearly divided. You'll see your mother at home. HE ALSO FEELS THAT HE IS DEFINITELY NOT READY TO HAVE A SPONSORED CHILD FROM WHAT LEVEL OF COMMUNICATION, THE CHILD UNDERSTANDS?GIG: I THINK IT'S QUITE HIGH BECAUSE HE'S VERY CLEAR. I have a gesture, I have everything, I take my experience and talk to you, and I will drag everything, everything that will make me meet in today's society. I'll drag everything involved, and I'll explain what kind of man you're going to find that kind of fool around is not just about sex education that teaches you. About drinking alcohol?gig: I said I drank it, I wanted to try it, and when I had a party at home, many people gathered, and he asked if this one could be eaten. I'll tell you to taste it because you want to know what it tastes like and where his limits are. If his friend comes to assume alcohol, his house is open. Tell him, dad. Mom can call to check at any time, but let's come to my brother's house, I'll order something, I'll write it down and buy it for you, and I'll let him stay together. I want to eat something, but I only beg you not to get drunk outside where my mother can't take care of it. You eat at home, you already know the limit, how many bottles you eat and you're drunk. So if you go to eat outside without your mother. You eat just that. You get hit, of course, this is the principle he did with his husband. Is this the same principle?: My husband used to be a drinker because he had to go to the client's entertainment. When he came home. He will be quite calm, not touching anything. I think he might be a role model for me. I think his example is good, but the fight has to be my job, but I'm a non-alcoholic person, and I may be a little confused, so I have to call my friend to ask what this means. How drunk is it to eat? We don't know about alcohol, I don't know about the entertainment industry when I'm very famous to go to my kids, do you miss it? If we're thinking about having a baby, we should take care of it and focus on it when it's gone, there's a word that you say to your mother, and then she's back into the entertainment industry? We feel that the child has spoken to show that he knows we really love. He knows our hearts that we are dramatists. We grew up with drama. So he sees us when we talk about drama. He saw a glimpse of us. He saw that we were in, he said he was grown up. Mom goes do what she loves, what she loves, she can take care of herself, so we start giving ourselves time and come back?Gig: yes, now if it's a drama that's not quite long, I can take it because there's still a 10-year-old child who still has to go to school. If I have the time, I'll do my best here. So now there's one series that I'm going to play, the Chinese sister-in-law, and we're looking at the script. We felt like we saw the script and wanted to play it, it was quite challenging, we were gone for 13 years, the second was about the director, we were already close. Fully functional, every element makes us feel like we want to play secretly troubling expectations? Quite a lot of letting go. If you're already working. I'll do my best. I don't know the best thing before entering the scene, I have to tell all the actors. I'm sorry, what's the matter?" In the story, there is a source that goes to see why the character is like this, we have to follow up, we feel that the people who are acting with us are afraid of him getting hurt, we apologize first in case of mistakes, everyone we enter, we have to say it first because if we miss it, we will feel that they are not wrong with each other. I'm going to hurt you because when I attack him. We save him too, there are 2 attacks and supports, so the person who gets along with us will have to talk to each other about it first, and then make him hurt as little as possible, leave the drama with the Chinese sister-in-law every Friday 21.15 am on Channel 31.
The last bend before the lottery. Araporn reveals the number of incense sticks I can't tell you all. |It's another good girl. The best for the famous country singer Hai. Araporn Nakhonsawan Because of winning the lottery every installment, getting hundreds of thousands of dollars. He also shared the figures from the incense by posting the clip on his Instagram. Araporn lit 2 incense sticks, saying that of a friend who came to talk about the event. It's all over the place. The numbers gradually appear, and whoever sees them is a number and the sun will look at it. After fans saw the clip, they commented on the numbers they had seen, such as 200, 645.
Cute blackhead crab carrying a picture of Nuxie to work abroad with|Although Nuksi Anpat has been away for almost a year, singer Poo Blackhead still misses his late girlfriend. They often post old photos or clips or tell stories about their girlfriends on social media. When Poo Blackhead posted 2 Polaroid photos of Nuxie to his IG Story with the message "Koln" and 3 blue heart emojis. Just like before, when Nuxie was still around, the couple would always go to work together. Call it a lovely and warm moment of crab. BLACKHEAD, WHO CONTINUES TO CONTINUE WITH HIS LATE GIRLFRIEND NUXIE, SPONSORED
Goh Ti Tears welled up in her eyes, and those around her could be taken aback. Clear the news of the postponement of the wedding.|It's called becoming a point of drama again. After the trailer, Goh Ti Aramboy Tears fell on Channel 8's "Celebrity Sit Clear" show after news broke that he had posted a sad drama on social media. So I asked to come out and clear the first place through the show, and to come out and counter all the doubts in society about the issues of the people around me who can take it for granted. And there are many more in-depth issues that many people didn't know before. "Thank you so much everyone, many people who love me have sent me messages asking and worried. In fact, being the head of the family, it took a lot of money. I used to say that if someone is someone who carries the burden of the whole family, takes care of the masses, whether it is subordinates, relatives, most of the time everyone has a problem. EVERYTHING JUST SO MUCH SO THAT SOMETIMES WE WORK. We are not Gods who can make people happy, you have to be rich, you have to be good, you have to be successful in life. We are not Gods that we can dictate anyone's life. But in the end, the problem came in. No one ever asked Goh. When I got home, I was tired. I need to take care of myself. I have to support my feelings all the time. I understand that I have been out of home since I was 12-13 years old and traveled until I was 43 years old, but I still want love and warmth and care for those around me. I don't want to be Superman for him alone. This Superman needs a little word: I'm tired, I'll hear this from my mom alone. Back home, my mom would ask me if I was tired. Master, believe me, I'm tired until I'm almost late, and I'll tell my mom that I'm not tired, I'm gone. There was only one mother who asked if I was tired, "Or did we not expect him to be nice to us?" When we don't expect it, we don't get disappointed, right? Maybe you've made me somebody? I make everyone. Everyone expects me to make my life better. I was successful, but I never expected the people around me, just asked if I was tired or a glass of cold water, we were happy, we were worried about everyone, but everyone never thought that we needed the same in the New Year. I was born on December 31st. Some of the subordinates lost their aunts back to the house. Some people ordained, they went on trips, I stayed in the garden. Alone 3 days 2 nights with 1 dog named Cocoa I've thought a lot about myself. I had to find food to eat by myself, but luckily I raised chicken eggs. work Need to water, do everything about the garden. When we come across something like this, we mean something to him. Sometimes it's a little bit of a problem, so I cut it off on social media, but now it's gone."So I had to take a picture with the dog, right?", "Having a dog as a friend is better than having a dog friend". "At that time, there was another news that the male host was going to quit the industry, so people thought it was Goh?", "Teacher or rat (laughs), not master"Maybe she posted because she was sad, maybe tears flowed, it lost the image of comedy. People are funny, it will have tears in their eyes for people to remember. What do you think?", funny, is it funny, there is a lump, called every heart, even if it is any gender, but there is a heart, like the teacher ever regretted it, did the teacher ever cry, did he ever cry, did he ever "we are the leaders of the family, how can we cry?" I cried on my page. The page that I set up called Cactus Amusement Park is a world that I created, and everyone will see me in this"Someone said that Goh won the cactus contest because he gave bribes to the judges?", "Not really. Let's be honest, the prize I got the 1st prize was 10 thousand people who raised cactus gymnocalisium. He doesn't want prize money, but he wants honor to guarantee that he has a beautiful stick. He took care of it, it was a wooden contest, it didn't take any tree. EVERYONE HAS MATURITY IN THE CACTUS INDUSTRY, AND SOMETHING IS GUARANTEED THAT IT'S NOT GOH TI'S WOOD TO WIN SPONSORED AWARDS ABOUT MARRIAGE POSTPONED AND POSTPONED, IS THERE STILL ANY?", BUT WHEN WILL YOU TELL ME BECAUSE IT WAS PLANNED EARLIER, IT HAPPENED TO COVID. When the first wave was finished, I finished the second wave again. It's been 4 years since COVID, "Ok, do we still have to arrange a wedding ceremony?" He's been in the garden for 4 years. I'm not living together, I'm not going to marry this person, surely?" Who are you going to dress with?" he counted on the page 8 months ago, no couple photos, didn't break up, right?", didn't quit. We say love to each other every day, "Do we have time for him, work every day?" I have to say that cactus amusement park is the only thing that allows the two of us to live together. He's an admin. He was the one answering back door. He's the one who sums it all up, we're salespeople, and most importantly, I've done it with him, and it's for the future of the two of us. I don't sell anything these days," I got the news that the deer had collected it all, right? He gives 30 thousand a month to spend?"Let him keep well, there is a lot, he uses a lot, I am a money collector, I am not good at collecting money, the more people around me say that if I keep money, I am a sympathetic person. Young Goh Ti still opens up about the origin of life with the word "father" through the story of his adopted child. Fans can follow the show "Celebrity Sit Clear" and watch it back on YouTube channel. 8. Watch the clip
Cherprang BNK48 abruptly canceled the event. After his brother died, he died.|After the news of the death of Shaun Arikul Former rising star bowling player The younger brother of Cherprang BNK48 or Cherprang Arikul fell into a luxury condo in Thonburi area, died. This evening (March 1, 2023), there will be a product launch event, which the organizers have already cancelled from Cherprang's event. A close friend of Cherprang told reporters that while asking for privacy for Cherprang's family, he was not aware of the situation. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to offer our condolences to Arikul's family. SPONSORED
Fans cheer Ning Panita First post The latter came out to admit the family was in trouble. |Send encouragement to the talented theater presenter Ning Panita. After yesterday (February 28) he admitted that he was having family problems with her husband Jin Charin Thamwattana and was ready to solve the matter as best as possible for her daughter. Ning posted the photo on his personal Instagram. The photo was accompanied by a message that read "Focus on the good", after which many clubs liked and commented on her heart emojis, sending her a lot of encouragement, such as, "As a child, I used to have a family whose parents had been struggling throughout the affair. We tell our mothers not to think that they will have problems. If your parents have to separate. We don't want to see mom have to endure or cry repeatedly. I would like to encourage you to be patient. When we have less...choose the angle where we are happy. My son is happy. Everyone has to go through encouragement, love brother Ning. I'm always there to cheer you on."
Chuen Nuen Poi Trichada-Oak attains sweet wedding ceremony according to traditional traditions. Phuket (video)|It's another pair that seems very suitable for Poi Trichada. Petcharat and a young businessman of the Dang family. Oak Attainment After wearing an engagement ring and changing to a male surname, as well as holding a bachelorette celebration in Bangkok last month and most recently this morning (March 1, 2023), Poi Trichada and Oak Attain attended the traditional wedding ceremony of the newlyweds in Phuket.
Sister Ning Panita appeared in a recent post after his wife admitted the family was in trouble.|After the talented theater presenter Ning Panita came out clear about the family drama issue with husband Jin. In order to make the best decision for her children and family, the latest on the side of her husband, Hiso Young Jin Charin Thamwattana, has moved through her personal Instagram by changing her profile picture to a cover photo of her daughter just giving birth and posting a picture of her favorite car with the caption, "We have been together for 16 years, for a long time. My wife's sister, Nan Chumpicha, commented under the post, "I love my wife a lot (emoji laughing with tears of joy)." MEANWHILE, NETIZENS HAVE COME FORWARD TO SEND A LOT OF ENCOURAGING COMMENTS TO BOTH NING AND JIN.
Chipmunk Supaksorn posted to Ning Panita After a friend is solving a family problem.|It's another person who is worried about Ning Panita. After Ning opened up with tears and admitted that her family is having problems and is being solved, Chipmunk posted a picture with Ning hugging, and another photo of Ning and Nirin hugging each other, along with a short but touching caption "Love you", along with the Instagram tag of Ning and Nirin, and Ning Panita responded to chipmunk with a short message saying "Happy".
Open the last post, Jean, brother. BNK48 people joined in the mass mourning.|From the shocking events of Jean's death Arikul Former rising star bowling player The 19-year-old brother of Cherprang BNK48 or Cherprang Arikul, who fell into a condo in Thonburi, died. It was in the middle of the night last night. Our condolences go out to the family and those around us. HE RECENTLY POSTED A PHOTO OF HIM LOOKING AT THE SKY, AMIDST A LARGE NUMBER OF COMMENTS OF CONDOLENCES AND CONDOLENCES. Fans have joined in expressing their condolences and encouragement to Cherprang and his family in large numbers with the hashtag #CherprangBNK48 #ฌานอารีย์กุล to the top.
BNK48 posted a thank you and encouragement, asking for time to take care of the family after the tragedy.|After the news of the death of Shaun Arikul The younger brother of Cherprang Arikul, also known to many as Cherprang BNK48, came out. Many people were shocked by the devastating news they received this morning. Cherprang also posted a message on the iAM48 app. The message reads "Thank you for all the encouragement, please stay at home for a while, hug". "Take the time to take care of yourself and your family. Everyone is always encouraging me and my family, always hugging here with Cher, my condolences. Send a lot of encouragement to Cher and his family, take care of yourself and your family, love." Thairath Entertainment Online would like to extend our condolences to Arikul's family once again.
Phos Sittichai, hero of Mor Lam Announcement of resignation of the Faculty of Rhetorical Medicine |The situation now The heroine, Dr. Lam, began to gradually announce his resignation from the faculty of Dr. Lam. Recently, Young Phos Sittichai, the handsome Doctor Lam hero from the Faculty of Doctor Lam Thammasat, came out to announce the news via Facebook fan page Phos. Sittichai announced his departure from The Lam's band and gave reasons to believe that his parents must understand for sure. Thank you to my dad, dad, pia and the management team for giving me the opportunity to train and develop in every way, the prestigious stage, and thank you to my mom, dad, brothers, sisters, artists and everyone in the band who has always helped to educate and encourage. To give happiness in front of the stage to the fans of Dr. Lamsu, who may still be good. There was a mistake, but over the years I've been most proud of it. #แม่ๆ brothers and sisters Thank you to all of you for your support. Cheering and giving me the opportunity to give everything to me, I got Phos Sittichai at this meal. Thank you for every hug house. It's home. Thanks to Hug and kindness, this little farm boy, I will also create works in areas where I can hed. To give back to the next Su fan club. 01.03.2023 #ลาไกลบ่ได้ลาจาก #ฟอสสิทธิชัย" amidst a lot of encouraging comments from fans.
Ning Panita Post a photo and send it to Nirin at school reveals a cute conversation|There are cute moments to smile on a regular basis for strong young mothers like villain-organizer Ning Panita. Thamwattana and Nirin The most cherished daughter who is growing up, shines cute and affectionately. I posted a picture of Nirin at school and my daughter asked me to sit on it. Ning also wrote a caption revealing a conversation with his daughter: "During school. Nirin is heavy, I can't sit on it like this anymore, Nirin , I'll put it on like this until I graduate (emoji look on) #littlenirin #สุดที่รักยัยณิริน #nirintumwattana" SPONSORED Among the comments of industry insiders and fans who sent heart emojis, some said that she is so cute and affectionate.
Former Members Post a tribute after hearing the news, his brother Shaun. Cherprang BNK48 died. |It is another sad news for the death of Chan Arikul. The younger brother of Cherprang BNK48 or Cherprang Arikul, who fell into a luxury condo in Thonburi, became big news for today. Former BNK48 members and many other current members have also posted their condolences on the passing of Cherprang's brother Chan via social media such as Font Natticha, Orn Paschanan, Tawan Israpa, Gigi Nattakul, Jane Kuljiranat. Thairath Entertainment would like to express its condolences on the passing of Chan Arikul and send another heartfelt tribute to the Arikul family. 
Poi-Oak Wedding Photo Gallery The bride in a baba dress is like going back in time.|Official bachelorette for famous actor Poi Trichada Hongyoke who holds a good day on the morning of March 1, 2023. Traditional wedding ceremony in Phuket Having previously worn an engagement ring and switched to the male family's surname, the atmosphere at the wedding was filled with happiness. The bride and groom are dressed in traditional bride-to-be-style baba dresses. EMBROIDERED WITH GOLD TINSEL, WEARING ANTIQUE GOLD JEWELRY AND GEMSTONES, AS WELL AS A SWAYING FLOWER CROWN (HUA GUAN), WHICH IS A HAND MADE OF ALL THE REAL GOLD, VERY BEAUTIFUL IN THAIRATH ENTERTAINMENT, CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NEWLYWEDS POI-OAK AGAIN.
I'm glad that the jealous people cleared the news, Jib Vasu lifted all the treasures and raised the body to be the headmaster.|The days of love blossomed sweetness for the couple. Wife, Jaja Primrata and Jib Vasu, and what the man gives to the woman. It seemed to make the whole country girls jealous of her, until rumors were circulating that they were preparing to seize her husband's treasure. The girl has opened up about the drama. In the show "Mam" and the host of the mother, Mam Surivipa, we recount the journey of love over the past 12 years, we are the envy of women all over the world? How do you get this? When we listened to what we felt, we were delighted for Jip. Because if he wasn't a real cool person, no one would be jealous of us. When we got to know him, we knew what kind of profile he had, what kind of profile he had, what kind of national team athletes were diplomats, as well as being known to people in the industry getting married on planes? When we've been dating for a while, it's time to be conscientious, because my mom asked. We skipped the wedding stage and registered the marriage. We took the second plan first because it was COVID, so it was easy and took a few minutes. BECAUSE THE TIME ON THE PLANE IS LIMITED TO THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE, THERE ARE NO SPONSORED GUESTS, WHICH IS LOGICAL BECAUSE OUR LIFE IS A JOURNEY, SO LET'S START ON THE PLANE, WHICH WE CONSIDER TO BE A GREAT IDEA, A TRIP TO HUA HIN, AN ATMOSPHERE THAT WE WILL REMEMBER FOR A LONG TIME. Every time there's something upset or angry, and this picture pops up to make us forget about the awkwardness: Valentine was paid 12 million?, which we registered but not yet married. It appears that this car was made to order. The main reason is that this car is a pink car that I ordered, and then I engraved our name with him in his own handwriting, which he intended for us to drive to the flower shop. The reason why the money must be 12 million is because it is 12 years that we love each other, he always likes surprises? We're also passionate about it. We ourselves are tent-pitchers. He himself acted as a sir. We'll have a plan once a month to travel abroad, there's news that we're holding my husband's treasure, I don't care at all. I made my own. The thing I'm most happy about is holding his heart, but there's one thing we can't take away: his body. Because he has already donated his body to the headmaster, including ourselves. We feel that this one is a huge giving. We had donated organs before we knew him, and we donated as much as we could to donate, leaving only the body that had not been given, which is now donated.
Nikki Nachat tells about her haunting experience of encountering ghosts in a foreign land. |If you're talking about scary experiences, it's creepy. At this event, Nikki Nachat is another person who has experienced a haunting event. He told me on ShareLoma Ep.102 about what happened to himself on a trip abroad, that he had been deceived by a ghost, but he didn't know if it was a real ghost or that his eyes were astringent. While pressing the elevator and waiting, I heard a loud noise and the elevator opened just now (make your hand to see that the elevator is only slightly open), but when you look inside, it is not the elevator itself, but the elevator hall that has not yet come, there is a hand popping up wearing gloves, the doctor sticks out outside and rubs (with a loopy hand) and for a while the elevator closes, the hand collects it, but he does not scream. I didn't run, I didn't get anything. I'm confused about whether or not I'm astringent, or whatever, like in the movie, I'm the only one walking by. Then I wanted to know the truth, so I asked to see the CCTV, but he didn't. HE SAID THAT IF YOU LOOK AT THE SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS, IT MUST BE SOMETHING LOGICAL, SUCH AS A LOST ITEM, SO I DON'T KNOW IF THE GHOST IS REAL OR IF WE THINK FOR OURSELVES.
The agency asked for cooperation to refrain from passing on pictures of his brother, Jean. Cherprang BNK48|In the case of the death of Chan Arikul Former rising star bowling player Brother of a young idol singer. Cherprang Arikul or Cherprang BNK48, the manager of BNK48, in the middle of the night on March 1, 2023. Our condolences go out to our families, peers and fans who have heard the latest bad news. Independent Artists Management Co., Ltd., or iAM, the company's affiliate, has posted a message asking for cooperation to refrain from presenting, publishing, and publishing. Forward a picture or video of Jean. After the online world, inappropriate images and videos were shared. The content is as follows: "Announcement from Independent Artists Management Co., Ltd. requesting the cooperation of the media and related partiesSPONSORED to refrain from presenting, publishing or transmitting images, videos and media related to Jean Arikul (Cherprang Arikul's brother) in honor of the deceased and the Arikul family here."
Watch the video of White Lotus Arrange jazz, invite joy according to the wife's order, funny as you even raise your hand to pay homage (clip)|If you mention the name of Buakhao Command mek, this event many people must be secretly dreaded because Bua Khao is a famous boxer with a very heavy punch. After seeing the clip of Bua Khao and Jazz Chuan Chuen fighting, Jang Punnasa posted on his Instagram with the caption "Hit somewhat I Jazz @buakaw1". Before the boxer could hold Jazz until he floated and walked far away, before releasing the other party to the ground, Jazz sat on his knees and immediately raised his hand. After being carried away by the other party, after fans saw the clip, he came in and commented on jazz, saying, "Carry it as a bag, he carries it and doesn't care about anything 5555, like lifting a sign to collect 555, carrying it home, 55555. Carry it away, I'll be amused because it's a giggle. 555555.SPONSOREDA post shared by Jangjit Promyos (@jangjit)SPONSORED
"Yes Indeed" is a hardwired on, playing music with an asian hat.|Because I got "promoted" and made my dream come true!!! The 5 members of "Yes Indeed", "Pancake-Isree, Pors-Narakorn, Dragon-Ratchacha Nont, Talay-Yosthakorn, Trin" would like to return to the "top of the band" after having been asked to become an "artist" by organizing a fun mini-concert at Asiatique. Cheers and screams !!! the tour. Yes Indeed members dressed in bright animal mascots gathered to pay their respects in front of SIAM CENTER, Mae Pradu Yaowarat Shrine and Warp to perform the song "Promoted", the debut single of the trend at Chatuchak Market, Gate 3, before the highlight ending with a big hat-opening mini-concert at Asiatique. It started when the five of them reunited, and today they are back for the first time as full-fledged artists. Yes Indeed plays music to give everyone happiness as always and proudly plays the song "Promoted"SPONSORED until the surprise moment!! Fans of cakes and flowers congratulate Yes Indeed for becoming an artist. The lead singer couldn't hold back tears of joy. Tears welled up in her eyes and smiles of joy! "Thank you so much everyone who grew up with us, until today we made our dream come true. Thank you for believing in us and making us believe in ourselves. Thank you for still looking at us like the first day we met." follow the song "Promoted" and the next step of Yes Indeed on all channels of White Music and Yes Indeed.
"Discipline, Geneticism" sings a lullaby. Opening of "Revitalizing the City" Phayao|Regional Development Capital Management Unit (BAAT) Opened the "Revitalize the City" exhibition with a creative economy based on community cultural capital, reflecting the lifestyle, traditions and traditional culture of Tai Lue community, Phayao province. Dr. Enok Laothamthat, Minister of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation presided over the opening remarks. Dr. Kitti Sajjawattana Director of Local Development Capital Management Unit (BAAT) attended the opening ceremony at The Cultural Center The 100th Anniversary Health Garden in Chiang Kham District, Phayao Province, this "Reviving the City of Heart" event presents the traditional cultural capital of 5 villages of Tai Lue communities through various activities that reflect the lifestyle, traditions and cultural capital of the Tai Lue people, such as the art of lion dance and bird dance, musical performances from Phayao University, traditional bands, lue driving and dancing, animal drawing activities, artists of Chalit District. Nakpawan, tram ride to experience the community life, as well as the highlight is a special show from "Wittaya Panthurak", a national artist, one of the founding members of The Impossibility Band. SPONSORED HAS CONTRIBUTED TO THE REVITALIZATION OF ARTS AND CULTURE AND ENHANCED THE ECONOMY AND QUALITY OF LIFE OF COMMUNITIES IN THE AREA.
"Sunny" Take a tour of Fukuoka, Japan|Excited, bustling when Sunny Suwanmethanon The skilled hero is invited from Fukuoka Prefecture. Sunny' Day in Fukuoka introduces Fukuoka's attractions, another interesting prefecture near Thailand, each of which has its charm and cuteness hidden on Sunny and Miki's first day. The Japanese host was amazed to see the big Gundam robot moving. Then go do it with yabusame activities. Dressed up in samurai costumes with original archery, followed by a Segway Tour ride, a beautiful view of the sea, and a tour of the red leaves at Kamado Shrine add to the fun of the rides inside the entertainment complex at E-ZO, including playing waterslides, watching beautiful teamlabs, tasting homemade hamburgers at cute shops on the mountain, and picking fresh strawberries at fruit elier farm. The food was delicious, I picked strawberries, I played various rides that I had never played. It's fun to play with a slide or ride a segway by the sea. This is the first time in my life that I've done something like this. It's a lot more fun than I thought. I would like to thank Fukuoka Prefecture and all the staff who invited me this time. Follow Sunny' Day in Fukuoka from Ep1-Ep4 on YouTube channel asian beat FUKUOKA, JAPAN.
Golden Year "Gluff-Kanawut" was elected as Gucci representative. Fans rejoice.|"Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
Ning Panita won social media should be more encouraging than having fun. |After yesterday, Ning Panita gave an interview about the rumours and admitted that the family was having problems and was working on them, before crying during a recent interview. Ning Panita also sat down to open up on the talk show. again Speaking after she was interviewed, Ning said she understood how the media worked, but some pages made strong headlines for comfort. I want to be kind to myself and my daughter that yesterday I was grateful to the journalists, they were all so lovely, I didn't think I would get such a lot of love from journalists. Everyone understands, as Ning said, Ning said in yesterday's interview quite clearly, we also understand the work of the brothers (journalists), the brothers in the entertainment industry, they have to do their jobs, we can't deny it. We are public people, we have to answer, everyone doesn't hijack. Understand we yesterday had tears in our eyes when we saw the bad news. People like to understand that people who aren't close to us, and that the images we go out into public, we go out into society, we're strong women. In fact, people who are really close to us will know that we are the contemporaries of the contemporaries, and when it comes to strong, there will be unusual plummets, but we have to work there. DO YOU HAVE TO SAY WHAT NEWS YOU WANT TO WRITE FOR YOUR DAUGHTER? This is one of the points that doesn't have to be news. When we see this kind of news in society in general, we want to ask the media to be light. There's a lot of good media, but there are some types of media, some types of pages, that feel like they're putting a lot of headlines into the ratings, to call for the last thing, what his family is going to be like, I don't know. Ning still thinks that no one has malicious intent, wants to make this a fun story, but the desire to know about people is already human nature. Other people's feelings don't matter at all, the most important thing of a mother, as he has a saying that a mother can die for her child. It's a word, it's very difficult. When it comes to problems, it makes us develop into more conscious and rational people. When you are conscious, big things can become small things, but if it's a bias, when it's a small thing, it can become a big thing, too, if we cleared it up or not?, as I said yesterday, it's still in the process of solving the problem. In the end, it's ahead that we don't know what it's going to be like. It all happened fast enough that the news came out, a lot of people came in to give a lot of encouragement?will know from the people around you that everyone is encouraging, but believe it or not, this is the first time that I have barely returned to read anything of my own. Since I was in Korea and knew that there was news, I wouldn't read it, I wouldn't eat it, I wouldn't take anything but or even my best friends. Yesterday's line was very overwhelming, many people knew only a little bit about it, and everyone was shocked by what had happened. This is a matter that Ning felt that if he were to go through any decision-making process, Ning would make a decision and precipitate it on his own, but Ning wouldn't take this person. And in the end, when I decide, there will be a saying: If you know that. I'd better do this. So I don't read the comments, but I know that there are people who are encouraging from people around me, thank you very much (wai) for these encouragements. In this kind of social society, it's better to encourage each other. When anyone has a problem, they will be conscious of fighting. SOLVED.SPONSORED
Sad music fan Justin Bieber announces cancellation of concert in Thailand|After the world-famous young singer. Justin Bieber will open the "JUSTIN BIEBER JUSTICE WORLD TOUR BANGKOK" concert at Rajamangala Stadium on November 6, 2022. When the organizers of the famous artist's World Tour confirmed the cancellation of all remaining concert tours. After some cancellations earlier due to the singer's illness, Live Nation Tero, the concert's organizer in Thailand. "AEG Presents Asia and Live Nation Tero Entertainment are deeply saddened and inform you that after the postponement of justin bieber justice world tour bangkok at the end of last year, it has now been decided to cancel the show. For more information, please contact thaiticketmajor.com Tel. 02 262 3838 or email cs@thaiticketmajor.com From March 6, 2023 to April 30, 2023, sponsoredaeg Presents Asia and Live Nation Tero Entertainment apologize for any inconvenience caused. We look forward to seeing the fans again".
Hainan Aunt Nek Duang Heng won 10 lottery tickets from his favorite number. |Today is the day that awaits for the good-tempered host, Aunt Nek Ketsepsawat Palkawong Na Ayutthaya. His favorite number is 555, which is a number that he used to append both his name on nanake555 and his social media, as well as the name of the company. The lottery show was 2 numbers, 3 sets, 10 cards with the caption "Yes, yes, #วันนี้ที่รอคอย". Also, the next installment asks for a number like this again.sponsored
Oat Pramote reveals relationship Sani Zero Development Opportunity Good Friends (Clip)|They are best friends, close friends, and they get along very well, so many people have caught up with this couple for ending up together. For Oot Pramote and Sani Nipaphon, recently had the opportunity to meet Oat to attend the launch of the new campaign Chang Cold Brew Club. Central World Department Store, 1st floor, Central Court, asked about this, which Oat said was a very dear friend. It wouldn't be possible to develop more because if it happened, Oats also revealed that he has now turned to a game streaming company. I'm going to break into more gaming business because this market is getting bigger, people are back in a relationship with Sani?", the ghost used to push, but pushed apart(laughs). The ghosts of the house also told me not to let it happen. It's not a problem for the two of us, but if it really happens, it's going to be a social problem, understand? Don't let it really happen, we're very dear friends, so it wouldn't be possible to evolve into that. Ni and I have been close for ten years, so it's fun to play with each other. Don't worry, "Don't force ghosts?", oh, it's scarier than ghosts. If it really happened, let's just say that it didn't happen at all, it's a friend like this, the chances are zero, or as we said on the show, or if we're 38, if we don't have a wife, let's dip in. Can I move to 40 (laughs)? We'd rather keep this kind of relationship, fearing that if one day it catches something, it'll be hard to be friends. We're very dear friends, too"SPONSOREDSANI said you want to see hell?", asked him, and the answer was even stronger. We like Ni ni as a very hardworking person. The day we chose Nima to be the host of the couple. I didn't ask what I was doing that day. Say yes, come on. Thank you to him for saying yes to working together. People who actually saw me and Ni knew that there was no way this was possible. There's nothing wrong with that," he said. No, really, let it go, I'm right now, my heart is ok, great, good, happy. Now let's see if it works. I want it to be okay, everything first. I'm not close. I live a normal life, go out and eat. I'm not a person who talks about personal things with other people. I'll talk to my friends more, maybe we'll just say it when we quit, we'll have to sit back and answer. Let's put it this way. Take that happy. If it's going to be yes, then it's going to be yes, but if it's not, we don't want to sit back and explain why we broke up, "Does intimacy with Sani have no effect on our love?" Ni is the one who helped to watch, even helped scan. This one is not. If it starts, it's going to come. But it's looking away"With a new career gamer?", the company is growing a lot now. I'm moving to a new office. Increase people scale Started to invade the gaming business more. Make a new company that we will turn into a publishing game. WE WILL BE BUYING GAMES FROM OVERSEAS SOON, WILL BE LAUNCHED".SPONSORED
Kim Seon-ho Fulfill your promise and see your Thai boyfriend again 5 May 23|Deliver on promises After pledging to his Thai fans to come back to Thailand. On Friday, May 5, 2023, he will attend "TEACHA EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH KIM SEON HO", a teacha presenter launch event and exclusive event, with iconsiam @TRUE ICON HALL FLOOR7 HALL 1&2. TEACHA (Teasha) Kombucha is manufactured and imported from South Korea, where Kim Seon-ho is the presenter. The purpose of this event was to officially launch Kim Seon-ho as a presenter, which is the first brand in Thailand to be joined by the young hero Sayyes. For more information, please visit Line official: @TEACHASTORE for Kim Seon-ho Kim Seon-ho recently won the top 5 of the Most Handsome Korean Actors 2023 vote alongside celebrities such as Lee Min-ho, Jung Hae-in, Ji Chang-wook and Wee BTS. It was nominated 35 times and received over 2.2 million votes (watch original content).
Ko Vasin recalls his heroism as a child and hit each other as front page 1 newspaper.|The young hero Ko Vasin, who today will open up about the cause of being discharged from the channel Mak Si, even though the contract is not expired, and recounts the heroism of raising the beaters until the front page 1 of the newspaper through the "Talk Zap show" on Channel 31, which has Ning Panita and Benz Pornchita as the hosts, is a very popular news show. And we've already told adults that this time they might ask for permission to go outside and work more freely. We ourselves have to do other things as well. There's a band too, so what are we going to do with singles or events? We can't go to promotions or go anywhere else, which the channel understands. He said he wanted to stay, but he understood, and we talked about it that day and we came back to think about what to do with life. He asked if he could come and shoot. I said yes, but if on-air is going to be after I'm really out of contract, in writing, it's ok to acknowledge both parties. WHEN THE CONTRACT EXPIRED, THE TAPE WAS ON AIR SPONSORED THAT DAY AROUND OCTOBER. That day I came to the Grammy Building and did a radio interview. Before I went on the radio, the team sent me a picture of the show and said that when the show is finished, I posted a picture. I don't have anything to do with my phone and do radio interviews, and people call me non-stop, it's easy to see that the show was aired before the contract expired?: Yes, before it should have been?: I didn't know at the time. I think he just sent me a picture and then next month the show went down and I knew when it was going to come out?: After about half an hour or an hour, the manager called. The show hasn't finished yet, and there are a lot of social threads going on. Until the next day, the adults, so they had to solve their concerns, so they had to ask what happened. He knows what we are. But maybe it's too early or not, so there's a book out there. Ko: No, thanks to the latest New Year's Eve. Ko: Yes, I am very happy and very grateful to the channel because when we entered, everyone welcomed us like they were going in and thinking about it. The atmosphere is the same, this means that in the future there is the right to play with the channel as before?: yes, in my heart, I hope that will be the case. Some people don't understand it, but it's a bit conscientious, so I read it in my own area. I didn't read outside because people would give me a lot of encouragement. The negative comments will be a little small, but ask if there is, there is still a kind of way that it is deserved, we made a mistake. Ko: Actually, there are no comments that make me sad or angry. Good joke after coming out. Ko: Well, because my band has been doing it for a very long time, I've been with friends since college, and I've never been known about it. He said that the band Darani has been making music all the time, but it is not widely known until 2020. How long can a person secretly love someone? WE STARTED TO FEEL LIKE WE STARTED TO HAVE FANS WHO WERE REAL FANS, SO WE DIDN'T HAVE ANY CONCERTS ANYWHERE, UNTIL THE END OF LAST YEAR WE FELT LIKE WE STARTED WORKING ON THE ARTIST SIDE.SPONSORED OUR DREAM IN THE ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY IS TO BE A SINGER RATHER THAN AN ACTOR?GO: IF YOU ASK, AT THIS POINT, THE MUSIC SIDE, I STILL CAN'T TAKE IT AS FAR AS BEING AN ACTOR. If I have the opportunity, I'd rather make it figurative than go back in time. How did you get into the industry?: I started out as a host, as a music channel VJ, and then there were adults I knew. He was close to Ornpan, so he suggested, let's meet, talk, so I came to polyplus first. Acting Stories The first thing is that I went to stand in with him first. It's not that I'm getting a stand-in job. We signed in, and then filmed something and I don't remember it. Asanai He played that too, and he was like sick, had surgery in the hospital, and he had to shoot a scene together, so he had to find a size close to him and stand him over his shoulders, through his back, so he called and asked if he could help. But then he was playing a play that I was going to play, which I had never done before. Never been to a theater set. When I got there, I was confused, what I was doing, and I met a lot of celebrities. Ko: Yes, there was a channel when I was a very unruly kid, hitting each other until I had to go to the hotel?Go: Not so much, the story may be a lot, there is a big deal, but really, we just happened to be in a group of unruly friends, but we weren't cocks or the beginning of anything. We're just if he has an affair, we're just going to go. If there are more people, we enter. If it's less, we just run. If you ask me where I am in the gang, I'm in the second row. We're not people who like to punch and hit. There is no violence, but we are in a group of friends. If we don't enter, our friends will see that we are not happy, so we have to enter enough to still be in the gang, can we go and punch him?go: There is a page 1?go: My name is not up, but the story that is published in the newspaper because I am in Prep Udom, which is a school that outsiders look at. But every generation has an unruly group, which has a fight in school, and the father of the person who was abused reports and calls a reporter. So the news went out. Because the school doesn't seem to have anything yet?Ko: Still, what do my parents say?Go: He's also worried, too, warned, trying to teach, but deep down my parents trusted me for a while that I didn't even lose the poor guy. It's just a teenage fieryness, so what makes you think?: As we get older, we start to know more about the world, and we see more. We'll get to know ourselves better, we'll learn more, we'll regret what we know, we've learned, we've built, and we don't want to take those things for granted. So as time goes by, we'll get smaller, and it will make us feel like we need to have something or find out, and we'll be more peaceful. At the end of the day, it's the best thing to do, but I'm finished. Inter-Chulalongkorn University?: I'm focused on studying. My dad was a doctor, an academic, and I've been studying ahead of time since I was here. In junior high school, I had a little academic advantage. High School I barely studied the material, but I was lucky enough to get recorded by my dad when I was in junior high school, so I was able to do it when I was in college. Go: I'm not sure I've ever met a weird fan club?go: Yes, I was a fan when I was in a band, and it's something I remember too. Usually, when we go to a concert and get off stage, it's normal to have fans come together and ask for some photos. At that point, the band wasn't that well known. There was a small group of regular fans before COVID, around 2017-2018, but that day I got off the concert stage and there was a fan club, and there was a younger one wearing a mask. Wearing black glasses and wearing a very mysterious hood, he walked through the breakout of other fans. I finished not saying anything and handed him the envelope, I was puzzled, thank you, and tried to invite him to talk, he didn't answer anything, went home that day, opened the envelope. Why did you do this to me, why did you come to disrupt my life? I was confused, the next time he came again because he was dressed the same and handed me the envelope again, I asked if it was anything and he refused to speak to me the same. Repeat the same phrase of removing me from this game, and what game am I? Ko: The content is similar, but more descriptive, I'm like, oh, what are we going to do for him? Like he feels like he's stuck in a game where I'm a commander, a game warden, he can't get out of the message like he's in love with us?go: With love with us, do we make him crazy?? We're not closed and we're not open, we're not showing off our boyfriends for a long time?: I've been talking about the future, when I've had children, have we? They all thought or talked at all, but in the end, it wasn't exactly the same as that. Knock on the flag. Now that I'm like this, I'm happy. I don't need to rush it, I want to focus on the task first.
Aunt Cat Open the amount received from the donor, let Ho be likened to a dog. |There are always two corners of the world. Aunt Cat Venus has recently received strong criticism from netizens. After speaking out about one of the heroines, she likes to talk about helping herself. Many people pity this work, but the other part finds out that the aunt of the cat is hungry, even to the point of being likened to a faithful dog that was raised by Aum Pacharapa, but for a long time, pushed to eat not full, so she ran to ask for food from Yui Jiranan, until he could not allow it. Crying, begging to stop, passing the show, celebrities sitting clear. Is there any comment on Channel 8 that Aunt Cat accidentally saw, and it shocked us? There are a lot of comments that it's Aum's pet dog. Bhattacharya But Aum Bhattacharya wasn't full, so he ran to Hai Gui. Jiranan Aunty cat is this age, why is Aunt Cat a pig a dog, that Aunt Cat is hungry for money, things like this, so many things, go begging, Aunt Cat's feelings are the most extreme (tears). I'm a cat, I'm not a dog, I can't eat, I can't sleep at all, I want to ask my aunt cat, I'm 81 years old, I've seen this storm on social media, how do you feel? To be honest, I can't eat, I can't sleep at all. Interview here. Sometimes we don't talk, we say we talk, we don't really speak, and we don't mention names, and we don't do acronyms, or we don't really have anything behind the mic. Today's world is faster than rockets. I didn't say it, I wanted my aunt to say something that I could add until it became a disaster for others and I blamed my aunt for the cause. Stop, don't do this to anyone else. It's enough to do it with your aunt alone. Let's stop, it's all damaged. It also damages you. Misleading people too. Some people don't read it at all, but scold the cat aunt, what should I do with him?read the news, understand and analyze it first, and then scold or contact to ask what the cat aunt is. Tell me about what kind of story it is, there are people who say that my aunt got millions and spent her hands growing. When I didn't have it, I cried and asked for donations. Call that person. (laughs) If it's a million, that's fine. There's enough to just keep it to take care of your health, to eat, to share a little merit. This one says first, don't create an image. Friends who work together, lose their jobs. The work is not shared, so who sees it and where does it go? Never call. Find anyone, and never be extravagant. Some of the people who said they saw him eating were probably friends who knew him at work. He called and asked if they could eat together. Come on, I'm raising Aunt Cat, there's news about money, but Aunt Cat is kind to people borrowing money. When we had the money, did we? There are many of them now, but I don't want to mention them by name. He didn't return. When we said no to Aunt Cat now, he said he didn't either. Do you want to tell him that you don't have one right now? Who took it back? Who took it? Aunt Cat, let's be honest. Now it's hard to get it back. Let's give it back first, and let's help each other. If Aunt Cat is born with a job, lucky to have money, you can borrow a new one. IT'S OKAY.SPONSORED
"Poi-Trichada" dressed in a baba ya ya dress wearing a golden crown to attend the wedding ceremony "Oak" (clip)|The bride came in a "Baba Yaya" dress embroidered with gold tinsel and wore a crown of flowers made of real gold in a delightful atmosphere. Petcharat, who wore the engagement ring of phuket's famous businessman Oak Bhagava Hongyoke or Oak Attain, changed to his male surname, and held a bachelorette celebration in Bangkok on February 17 at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel Bangkok. Thank you to everyone who has loved and wished Poi well for a long time. On March 1, in Phuket, Poi, Trichada and Oak attained a traditional Chinese wedding ceremony in which the bride and groom were dressed in traditional "Baba" wedding dresses embroidered with gold tinsel, wearing antique gold jewelry and gemstones, as well as a crown of swaying flowers (huaguan), which is made of all the real gold. While the groom, Oak Attain, is in a universal groom's suit. Peranakan-style gold brooch The atmosphere is pleasant and warm. Both families joined in greeting and congratulating them, including close senior friends such as Ahn Phuwanath, who posted on their personal instagram that "Poi Trichada-Oak's ancestral wedding ceremony at Hongyoke House, Phuket", the whole family warmly welcomed the new daughter-in-law, if the first crown was Miss Tiffany, the 2nd crown was Miss International Queen, the 3rd crown of Trichada, it would be this crown of the bride who went through a lot to prove that true love is not lost. The future is unknown, but today everything is proud#mc SPONSORED Facebook page Baan Ar-Jor Baan Ajo posted clips and pictures of Poi-Oak wearing a newlyweds dress, with Poi dressed in traditional costumes according to Baba Yaya culture while attending the wedding ceremony.
Ko Vasin has made it clear that he is no longer single. Dating outside the industry for many years Make the girls heartbroken the whole country.|I can tell you that just standing still, the aura of handsomeness makes it even burst through the screen. For the young hero Ko Vasin Asuanrinath, it has become a favorite of girls all over the country, but recently this event has left everyone heartbroken. After Young Go opened up via the talk show about his heart status now that he is not single or is he not single? We're not closed and we're not open, we're not showing off our boyfriends for a long time?: I've been talking about the future, when I've had children, have we? They all thought or talked at all, but in the end, it wasn't exactly the same as that. Knock on the flag. Now that I'm like this, I'm happy. I don't need to rush it, I want to focus on the job first.sponsored
Latest photo of Bird Thongchai The 64-year-old came up with a new single—a big concert at the end of the year.|Long gone from the industry But recently the same superstar has returned. McIntyre and this comeback. He's coming up with a new single. Add Thai charm through music, tears and tears. Under the THAI 5F SOFT POWER project, we aim to push Thainess to the national and international level. Come out for your fans to miss. Speaking to the media, Mr. Bird said that at the end of this year, 2023 will definitely be a big concert. Bring fun to your fans to move along. This event did not disappoint me when I met Brother Bird. This time, immortal handsomeness remains invulnerable, unchanged, taking care of itself very well. Thai Rath Entertainment Even have to hurry to collect photos for fans to be nostalgic To be fully satisfied Let's see.
Former hero Jab Penpetch Admit the couple used to have problems. Stop flirting because of your latest wife.|But if you go back to the old days, Jab Penphet Phenkul was a tiger with many fangs and nails, but when I found the right person, my beautiful wife, Mr. June, stopped here at her. As a family man who loves his family, Jab Penphet has opened up about his life and revealed his love in every corner of his heart. On Club Friday, it's comforting to sit here and talk about it in the first place, and it's been a long time coming. When I was a kid, I kept talking to girls and I would feel guilty when I got caught. But if his girlfriend accidentally does it again, why does he have a headline that says all a hundred, how many hundreds are really smooth? Penphet: When I was a kid, did you ever flirt like this?) Yes, that's good (laughs). I don't care much about honoring my girlfriend, I'm going to talk to this person!! CAN'T GET IT, CAN'T ACCEPT IT, CAN'T GET IT, ACCIDENTALLY REWORKED IT, HEARD THAT IT USED TO BREAK THE HEROINE'S HEART?SPONSOREDJAB Pete: No, not at all. Most of the time, it's the people who make him break our hearts rather than !!! it hurts him until he asks us to quit ourselves? Pete: Yes. He can't go because we're personal good friends, but bad girlfriends. When I realized that I didn't wake up in the morning, I didn't wake up. He'll drive to pick up, wake up, and don't wake up until he's too late and that heroine, does he find our flirting? Penphet: Well, I'll see you (smiling) with our flirting, there must be some kind of jealousy? Diamond: Ahhh That person called me. How do you know we're going to see this movie? This round When we walked up to the car and heard footsteps, we recognized the sound of footsteps (laughs). When we turned, it was really yes, too. Will our fans regret it? I think if you can't catch it, that's fine. He's going to tell his friends everything. This!! The most stingy thing I've ever met until I finally met my wife? Penphet: It's a friend of a friend, I went to dinner and a female friend invited June to come with me. He walked very brightly!! Specs, did he know the gospel earlier?jab Penphet: Know In the beginning, the problem was that the old guy we were talking to, the phone would come in at 1 a.m. and we told him straight away that we had a lot of us before we met. We date a lot of people flirting. Can you really stop flirting? Penphet: He gets along with us all. Personal Stories We think this person we can't miss anymore. We missed it, we probably won't see it again. On the day of the wedding, we made a commitment that we would not be the kind we had already experienced. The baby is the focal point. We don't want him to have a bad life in the future. WE HAVE TO BE GOOD FAMILY LEADERS, SO WE CHANGE.
Netizens dig up a clip of Bella winning the award with Taew, linking the drama to the scene, hurrying to forgive new Davika (clip)|The drama continues to unfold for 4. The top heroines, the new horse gang, Davika Mew, Nitta, Mint, Chalida and Margie Rasri, who joined the talk on the YouTube channel of the new girl Davika. Before Margie came out to clear that it wasn't Bella Ranee as it was linked to by netizens yesterday (March 1, 2023), a tik-tok app user dug up an old clip of the award presentation, which featured the young hero James Jirayu and 2 heroines Taew Nataporn and Bella Rani, who bella received a bouquet of flowers before walking to pick up the prize and representing the thank you speech on stage. Many people who have watched the clip have commented a lot. HE SAID, "I FORGIVE DAVID, I CAN OPEN THE GUARD TO PROTECT DAVID", SPONSORED AND ALSO SAID, "IF BELLA IS GOING TO TAKE FLOWERS, SHE HAS TO HOLD THE TROPHY, AND JAMES HAS TO BE THE ONE TO TALK, BECAUSE TOGETHER, DIVIDE, THIS IS ALL ALONE, HOW IS IT GOING TO BE A WOW?"
Paige unfolds, quietly clears property, and goes to find a new pregnant wife.|There's more to the albino legs to do their homework. When the page rang, Ezra crushed the news, unfolding a cool story, stating that "Quiet and clear the property, I will visit my new wife. I accidentally came back to take responsibility for the man who made him pregnant, but I had the opportunity to come home. Don't you want to tell a reporter?" he continued, commenting on the post, adding, "Hints are in the post." This event has caused netizens to like each other with big guesses about who it is.
Sweet moment "Phupha Techanarong" posted a picture of the couple "Mint-Chalida" with sweet captions.|Suw...su...zasa...ma sweet mode phupha tejanarong Post a picture of your beloved boyfriend Mint-Chalida sweet moment ready to write 11 years ago when is it good #ผมถนัดแบบนี้...that's Sira Arai or waiting for "kneeling"...
"Ruammit Phase" 6 hours|Full of merit all over the page for the "Unite Friendly Phase" event. Thailand's first charity music festival concert featuring a variety of artists from different labels Providing happiness and fun in the space IMPACT Arena Muang Thong Thani 6 hours to open the "Ruammit Phase" stage with Bizcuitbeer, followed by 4MIX, the boy band who runs the T-POP industry to the world. Increase the level of buzz with performances from Stamp-Apiwat until the range of the band Lipta focuses on jumping. Don't focus on sadness to please singles. Invite Jeanius, Kicks Records, to jam "411 Music". The three girl groups "AR3NA" (Arena) are accompanied by special guests Faye Fang Kaew and TYTAN (Tai Tan. Teap interlocked). Chuan Lady Prang-Kannaran Jam concludes with the ALLY show (Ally-Achiraya) before going to see the performances from the rest of the artists in the second half. Give charity to Ink-Varanthorn and pass the stage to Burin Boonvisut with the band "The Soul Smith", highlighting the late night, BodySlam and Joey Boy, sending everyone home impressed!
New Davika Apologize to the gang heroine, M. announces the end of the show, refraining from alluding to the 3rd person (clip)|From the case of the new heroine Davika Hoornne making a clip of the gang heroine M. answering the secret question on the show "New Friends" on YouTube Davikah Channel, but there was an allusion to the 3rd person, both about the actress Guncine, as well as the star who did not want to work with. After attending "Wink White x 3rd Davika Presenter" at The Glass House, Baan Park, what would you like to say about the drama that is happening?"First of all, I want to start from Davikah Channel, Dawi's Own YouTube channel. There's a show called "New Friends" made 3 EPs, but it's a tape with a lot of drama going on, and it has dozens of questions, but there are two sensible questions. David didn't stay silent because he knew that what was wrong, that it was wrong. WE CAN'T TURN THE WRONG INTO THE RIGHT THING, AND IT'S A LESSON IN DAVID'S LIFE THAT WHEN WE WRITE CONTENT AND IT'S NOT OK, WE HAVE TO COME OUT AND ACCEPT IT, AND THEN WE TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR WHAT WE DID WRONG. I want to apologize. Today, I'm ready to apologize to everyone. I'm sorry that this has hurt the hearts of many people, I'm sorry that we made this content and we weren't careful enough, I'm announcing that I'm going to end the "new friends" show, because I'm going to find something else to do instead, "new friends" will be over, this EP is the last EP, it won't happen again, I'm going to take these things as life lessons, and David believes that David will improve and improve in the future. "It's a lot stronger, but it has some impact on our minds, but it's very strong. It's not like when you're a kid who's flustered and kept the stress alone. When the new is stressful, there will be a lot of people around you who are waiting for the new one. As my friend already knows, I'm going to call and say I see it, stop now. Don't do it, as you normally never come to the set, but sit on set. Let's say David picks up his phone and does this (pretending to slide the phone). I'm going to pick up my new phone and jump it out, so I don't want to eat a lot unless I'm sorry, I want to thank you, I'm in the midst of emotional insults, I'm seeing new fans, I'm seeing people who love me next to me. The person who can make up is a new ti, but must give a criticism to create, see and thank you from the heart. We looked at the comments, we looked at the negative side, and we forgot that there were fans of us who were trying to say that we were here, which is new, I really want to thank everyone, thank you very much, I don't know what to say." "Can you apologize again, new apologies, new apologies to the new gang, new apologies to new friends, sorry for having trouble with this content. Everyone is very cute, that day we came to shoot, new apologies for bringing him to this point, all this story wants to end at David, if you want to complain, want to warn, come to David, but let's not be very strong, come to a new place, ti to cause, tell me, because I am an actor, but just came to YouTube. But now I know it's really necessary to learn, "Is it stressful to cry?" As I said, the people around me are good. I had a first day when I couldn't sleep, I took sleeping pills, but I didn't fall asleep. It's only the first day, but after that, as I said, I went to the set, I met my friends, I met my brothers, the staff, I met everyone. Everyone is very nice," he said, "I'm so sorry... He called me again and he said that the new one should be the most sensible because the new owner of the channel because of the current everything and then the new one will be defended, which is new, not going anywhere, new really responsible because it is really our content, which will apologize until forgiveness"SPONSOREDMARKY himself was hit hard because he came out and said that?"yes, I think if you meet everyone. You'll get a better answer. If David answers, David says everyone is not calm, everyone knows what it is. Everyone is grown up, they know what it is, what it deserves to do. You know, now it's a lesson for all of us"People who make bad comments, use emotions in criticism, how to deal with it?" I sat down and read it normally, but the new fans said if they were interested in it. I want to deal with it for people who are no longer conscious, it's interesting, but I haven't done it yet", so I think I might sue?", it's interesting, but I haven't done it yet", it's already capped?"Don't call it having a cap. (Hand-made to show that there are a lot of caps.) The fans sent a lot. There is a team in the back of the house that has sent it to you, but don't be afraid, I haven't done anything yet. If he embraces us to improve ourselves, we don't have to go to that stage." What do you want to say?", I want to say sorry to everyone who has had such a big impact. I'm not going to talk about the 3rd person because I've already learned the lesson." Is there a chance to talk behind the mic with that heroine? Because he's been hit so hard?", "is the new one, regret that it went out in that form, and I don't want it to go out in that format, I don't want to talk about the 3rd person to keep going, let it stop here, because we already know what the consequences are. I don't want to talk about the 3rd person." I don't want it to affect anyone anymore?", it really wants to end. It takes time, it's a long time, everything takes time, everyone is emotional, David understands a lot, as I said, wrong is wrong, sorry. Learn and move on. "What have we learned from here?", you know, I think I'm new to be here for a long time, I'm a thoughtful person, I'm a more conscious person, I'm like a child. We have a lot to learn. Learning is really endless, every mistake it has, new believes that this is not the last time to make a mistake in the life of a new one. There must be something wrong, but we choose to learn and admit that we made mistakes. It's not that we're going to change it, that we're not wrong. We have to accept it, ready to fix it"From this incident, people may feel less love again?", I will make love the same. Wait a minute, I know that fans have found a lot of new things. Thank you very much, the new one will be ready to improve. If anyone is disappointed. I'll make you love it for a long time..."
"Rain-Sanandachat", a young face but not a child, showed a step scratch sheet with "Matthew".|A beautiful and talented little girl Fon-Sananthachat Thanapatpisarn who proved with many acting works, including the latest MV film series Matthew Dean, the host of "One Day With Matthew". Invited to scratch sheet to attend a DJ mixing course at Bangkok DJ Institute by Girl Fon revealed that many people face children, but life experiences are not young at all"When traveling abroad, I will get my passport checked most often because he thinks that he is not yet old. To be honest, I never wanted to go into the industry to become an actor until one day I cast a movie called ATM Erraker of GDH as a Scotch girl. Play without knowing anything, do whatever you want. So the crew liked that we didn't think too much, so we played SPONSORED and later became the main actor in the series, hormones, and 99% of the new cast set. The director once said that if this story is ruined, the camp will be closed because there is only thirty thousand baht left, it is equal to take a risk. The sensitive issues are not as open to presentation as they are today, it is a challenge for the team. The bar can't be closed, but after the air, the avalanche hit, everyone was puzzled. This happened to us. Everyone was nervous, couldn't cope with fame, but it has been through to this day." Rain then begins to show off his amazing mixing steps, then continues to tell the story of the turning point, studying law with the thrust of drama, what will be the next listen to "One Day with Matthew, One Day It's Good, Hit the Celebrity" this Friday at 10.30pm on MONO Channel 29.
Star, gold print, clear drama, use star privileges, take a couple photos, Jackson Wang|Still remember the hot drama of the previous one. For the young star shinakom, there is a picture with a young superstar, Jekson. Hopefully, come out and see. Netizens have complained that the ticket price of the star is 6,500 baht, which was not photographed backstage and was linked to the star privilege or not recently (March 2, 2023). Love Song Revenge Channel 8 with an apology and cleared up all the drama that happened, Drama Jackson?? Seriously. The fact that he invited us to meet us had a desire to enter. Because we're one. The chances of us experiencing or seeing each other up close are slim. He invited us in without thinking about any drama because it wasn't 5 seconds. The star hardly wants to take a picture, wants to go, but a friend invites them to take a photo together. We wanted to see him up close. When I met him, I was happy without thinking that anyone would feel bad, which we understood from the fan's point of view. IF WE'RE REALLY FOND OF AN ARTIST AND THERE'S SOMEONE ELSE WHO HAS THE PRIVILEGE TO GET CLOSE, THEN WHY IS THIS SPONSORED? It's happy, but we don't want to be happy about other people's suffering. If you're talking about celebrity privileges. It's not just in Thailand, it's all over the world, maybe it's working in the same industry, different connections, jackson's clothing brand team. Hopefully, there's talk, there's talk, there's promotion. It's about the connections he's keeping in touch with. But if anyone doesn't understand, look at it as a drama, I'm sorry. We don't really think about it, have you read all the comments? It's down to a certain level, there's quite a lot of personal input. Peck at each other endlessly. The fans who are really fans of him are really cute. He understood. But when we explained it, he understood, but there will be some kind of fan club that is not a real fan. The strongest thing is to trap a slap in the middle of a concert. We feel that this is not an era of violence and it is not violent to the point of trapping slap. If you're going to come and preach, let's talk about it and don't do it again. Don't let that happen again, we can understand it. What if the next time or he invites each other again, it turns out that the stars can't go? We've come across this, it's probably not going to go away, it's uncomfortable, maybe it's going to help behind the scenes. We don't want to say it anymore. Asked if he was careful, he seemed rhythmic. I still want to see it now, but I want to see it in a better way of working. Like a clothing job, he learned to invite me. At NESCAFÉ, the team hired us to work, which was a face-to-face meeting. I want everyone to understand the angle of the stars. Which the star itself understands from everyone's point of view, if there is a star that we like, it is a polyp to invite again, will not go? And then I had to think a little bit about what the impact would be, maybe not worth it. In the future, if I have a husband, have children, and then sit back and read, I don't want this to happen again. It's actually a picture of 3 people and cropped into a couple photo, we honor the artist and the friends who invited us that we don't ask for a couple photos, it's a courtesy to shoot together, but what you see is a crop photo, which is not worth the mental state of having to bear the drama. If Lee Min Ho comes to Thailand and there are celebrities, girls, female celebrities who go in and take pictures with them, this is not okay. WHY, SO I UNDERSTAND HOW TO SPONSORED THE HEART NOW?VERY BUSY, THERE ARE ALWAYS PEOPLE COMING IN, BUT NEVER TALK FOR 2 WEEKS, IT IS BETTER NOT TO TALK, IT IS STILL NOT LIKED. Men nowadays are weird, there are words that make us feel like we can't keep talking. Dao doesn't refuse 100%, Dao agrees to talk, but if he feels eh, Dao will brake the relationship. Don't go on immediately, what does the new person have to be? Be discreet, to say the least, now like a laconic person, don't be over 40, don't take your dad's version or we watch too many series, take the hero in your heart as a real-life role model? Real life men want to be calm, like star dads, feel that we can be relied upon. Nowadays, I rely on my dad all the time, now I don't have a boyfriend, I can live because I have a boyfriend, yes, there are a lot of fans, artists, celebrities, Korean idols. Real life doesn't have a girlfriend, it stays with the series every day, can change men daily, hourly. A lot of guys in stock. Very happy at this point, happy, understandable.
"Tails" wins 2nd child this year, funny people tease sexy, tells about the moment of marriage registration for birthday|It's a warm family. "Koi-Rushwin" girl reveals sweet birthday moment for young Toon-BodySlam Rock husband goes to register a sweet marriage. My 1-and-a-half-year-old son and his family witnessed it. So many people think that the second child must come!! So I updated starting from the latest marriage registration on birthday? "We've actually talked since we got married, looking for days, finding opportunities. He wants to write down the days that we remember easily. At first, I was going to write down my wedding anniversary, but then I came to Bangkok, and I intended to write it down in Phuket. Moved to Phuket I've changed my house registration, so let's write down the birthday of Tails so I can remember"It is considered a good birthday gift? He thought it was our birthday, and it was like a special day. Next, we will remember that Tails' birthday was also the day that mom and dad got married. WHEN TELLING YOUR CHILD, "SPONSORED FOR US, WHAT IS THE GUARANTEE OF MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE IN LIFE? "Honestly, I haven't thought about it since I got married or before I got married, I didn't talk about it with my brother Toon that there must be a registration date or anything, but it's more of a toon brother who thinks about it, he wants to honor Tails because it's a legal registration, which Tails didn't take seriously in the first place, since 2 years before we got married, but he wants to honor us. "Yes (smiling) I'm waiting for the second one, it's a gift for my dad." "It's actually a gift for both of us, and we're both trying, we want to have a second one, and we're 1 year and 4 months old and we're going to be close to each other." "I have a name, I have a name that comes with the sea, I have already thought about what name to give, it is a name that I think, I first think 2 people first, let's see what 2 people are like, do you still want more? There are men, but at the end of the day, if you're going to be a man, we're okay with anything, but ask women, "When are you going to have one?", I think that within this year, mom and dad will have to win." "So (laughs) it's not about the dress, it's not about the sexy dress and the baby is coming. "If someone has a family and has children, they will know that there is an app, watch the day of ovulation, that is, Tails talks to Ploy Fankant Kanthavorn because he just had a daughter, and then he has a daughter, which is very fast. "Phuket has a lot of places, we believe in where we are, we go there, we raise our hands and ask if we've been there to get it fulfilled first (laughs), we use our minds and use charity, we have to be charitable, when we're going to ask for something, we have to give it to them first. According to Chinese science, if the baby is a rabbit, it will complement each other, if it comes this year, it is good. Mom and Dad are ready to move on." "All right, let's get this over (laughs)."
Wait, Fin! First concert of 11 young INTO1|Get ready for the first concert in Thailand of 11 young "INTO1" in INTO1 2023 "GROWN UP" CONCERT IN BANGKOK day 1–2 At Union Hall 2, 6th floor, Union Mall, the 11 young men are Liuyu, Santa, Rikimaru, Mika, Nai, Lin Mo, Bo Yuan, Zhangjiayuan, Patrick, Zhou Keyu and Liu Zhang. The Dream & Destiny Co., Ltd. (The DnD) is ready to serve up a full-fledged entertainment for INsiders who have been waiting to see them for nearly 2 years in the general ticket window on Saturday, March 4 at 9 a.m. on www.theconcert.com In addition to providing INsider with two concerts, The DnD will also host a LOOKING BACK TO MOVE GROWN FORWARD UP exhibition held from March 31 to April 5 at the Co-Event Space on the 1st floor of Union Mall, featuring INTO1's story, from day one to the present, with the sale of Official Merchandise and Bangkok Collection products and GROWN UP FANSIGN.
Amy Scent is happy that her brother is married (video)|Another bachelorette is set for actresses Prae Emery and JJ Jett. The beloved brother of actress Amy Scentprathum. After JJ made a surprise wedding proposal in Krabi province amidst the beautiful Thai sea atmosphere, as well as close people who came to witness the love on Instagram, @amy_klinpratoom Amy posted a clip of the happy atmosphere after JJ proposed the wedding. Amy wrote the caption, "And she said "yes" ......... FINALLY!!!! dating for so long that if you don't get married, you will scold congratulations guys ... love you with my whole heart @jklinpratoom @p_emery" SPONSORED, including a photo of the atmosphere when making a surprise wedding proposal and wrote, "Couldn't be more happy than i am now .... you guys are my world and i wish you nothing but the best in this new chapter of life#EmeryandJames". Thank you so much Babe for doing everything we can to have this day together. It's another day that will live on for the rest of my life. Very surprise. Tears broke down for hours, Words can not express how happy I am so see you guys It was my biggest surprise when I saw everyone gathered here. I can't really say enough but I can't stop crying and I post a thank you to Amy and C Siwat. Chotichaicharin, who made the couple find love, said, "Without you two we wouldn't be here today. The two of us met in love at my brother's wedding. Without both of our brothers, we wouldn't be where we are today, thank you so much for everything you always have for the two of us. Uh-oh, I'll sing again, #emeryandjames"SPONSORED amidst a lot of comments congratulating JJ-Prae. Congratulations to Thairath Online.
Aum Bhattacharya Answered After being asked when he will be working (video)|The wedding ceremony was held on March 1, 2023, for actresses Poi Trichada and Oak Attain Hongyoke. The couple immediately changed their surname to the man's name, and on the night of March 2, the couple held a wedding celebration at Baan Ajo, Phuket. The event is said to have many superstars in attendance, and one of them is the superstar heroine Aum Pacharapa Chaisin. On the Facebook page Aum Patchrapa Chaisin, Aum Patchrapa Fanclub posted a clip when Poi Trichada Ji asked Aum Patchrapa when he would be working. When will my sister be able to work, the Hongyoke family still has one single man, Pacharapa Hongyoke, can I have this job, Aum is embarrassed and asks back, "Is there any left? Take the whole family," the poi girl hurriedly said, "Wait, call it, the whole family? Pee May Um. If it's a poi job, you have to go. If you don't go, you'll get slapped. SHE'S GOING TO GO," SPONSORED HER.
First love, jazz, chuanchuen, close relatives, jang punnasa, even thinking about getting married. |After Jang Punnasa Jazz Chuanchuen's wife posted a clip of the wedding show. On its YouTube channel, jazz's first love story with a girl named M, who is a close relative of Jang, has known Jazz since childhood. Especially Valentine's gifts, the couple also reminisces back on their childhood days when they had to talk all the time. Go home, you need to call. But at that time, Jazz's mother was very jealous of her son. I even went to tell M's father. I don't want these two kids to mess with each other," Jang continued, "When I was a kid, Jazz and M liked to go to the mall and drag Jaeng along. He had to follow these two. Look at him until he gets up. M.1 Jazz and M are far apart. They don't talk to each other, because Jazz goes with a girl and the woman slaps M for messing with Jazz. Jazz flirted with it all. He flirts with M's friend, causing M to be so upset that he doesn't talk to each other. Before they both had children at the age of 17, there was one time. Find M Meeting at RCA after years of not seeing each other. It appears that when he arrived, he found Jazz sitting there waiting, not as handsome as he was when he was a child, so he told him to flee immediately. JAZZ EVEN TELLS EM THAT HE'S GOOD LUCK."
Bella is caught off guard by a gang of chick. The fan clarified instead.|After actress Bella Rani Campen was linked to the issue of celebrities from the story that the gang of heroines M. New Davika, Mew Nitta, Mint Chalida told on YouTube until being arrested various wrongs, it became a hot topic in the online world. The latter, some netizens have noted that the gang of friends of the beautiful actress like THE CHICK GANG WITH HEROINES SUCH AS MO MONCHANOK, PREM RANIDA, BUA NALINTHIP, AVANT TASSANEEYA, AND BELLA WHO NORMALLY USED TO SEE PICTURES OF GOING AROUND TOGETHER BUT RECENTLY RARELY SAW BELLA WITH THE CHICK GANG AS BEFORE. When I go to events or travel in the latter, it's almost always absent for Bella alone. At this event, netizens came to comment, such as not seeing each other for a long time, he separated himself to be with the director. It's been a long time since I've been here, I don't know, I think I'm alone, I've left this gang, etc., but there are many fans who have come out to clarify instead of the young heroine, such as seeing Bale away from home, probably because of a lot of work, working for money, not having time, who will be free. He works a lot of work, he works hundreds of thousands of hours. BUT WHAT'S THE REAL STORY, WE'LL HAVE TO WAIT FOR THE GIRLS TO COME OUT AND CLARIFY.
Kornchai speaks the knot of Darakanseen. This era is a little bit backwards 2 heroines boiling in the middle of a pile (clip)|New Friends EP.3" on New Davikah Channel's YouTube channel, featuring 3 best friends Margie Rasri, Mew Nitta, Mint Chalida, joining the group to do a secret quiz challenge. Young Korrachai, Ant Black Kachapa, Bus Kanungnij 3, the famous host, talked about the issue of the star Kancine in the show "News on eggs" on Thairath TV channel. Producer Angie said that perhaps the star saw another friend wearing the dress. This one is also a finale. Others are wheels, they refuse to run to borrow clothes, the work is delayed. The reporter was puzzled that the appointment was 5 o'clock, would wait for the interview, and the work would not start yet. THE STAR WENT TO CHANGE INTO A SPONSORED OUTFIT, THE BUS ADDED, "THE DRAMA DIVISION IS ALSO A DRAMA DIVISION, SOMETIMES SOME CLOTHES DON'T FOLLOW THE CHARACTER. I want to be beautiful, I choose this dress," black ants say, real life is a lot more fun than in drama. It's still young. Angie says that as the group grows older, she thinks he should have more maturity. Let's be honest, he's getting louder, so don't do it, don't fight anymore. Black ant added, "Scramble the dressing room, scramble the room... This one is still young," the young man said. What did it like to put nails in your beauty shoes?" "Get a crown in your head and pull it out." "It's all ages, remember that in the old days it was like this dress was prepared for this person, the other person came in and finished it, put it on, the person who prepared it, oh, where is the dress? The black ant recalled that before he had quarreled. I don't like each other. "Back in the old days, the 90s, before that, there was, oh yes, that's what I said about this kind of thing (shake my head and wave) the kids." He'll have a camera standing in front of the lights, letting the lights cast shadows behind him. It's not a standing contest like it is now. In a pile of two heroines fighting each other, there will be lights. There will be a heroine walking to cover it. It's like letting your own shadow run through another heroine. It's like this before,'" Angie recalled. The heroine ran to sue the director, there was a hero grabbed by the chest under water, he claimed to follow the script, according to Inner, did not catch, cried because he was caught in the chest. The black ant asked who. Young said I knew and said, "It used to be a lot more. Buses have come across this, this is an era of jibs, nail. There's a lot hidden under the rug."
Jip Pokchat I can't accept my boyfriend, I can't accept the habit. After trying to live before getting married. |The bride of the red banner, Jip, the chatter, who today will open her heart for the first time. After being proposed by her businessman boyfriend by the sea, he reveals his love journey that he says he doesn't need time. Study the habits by experimenting before composing, and also reveal plans for having an heir. All the issues on the show On Channel One31, what is Phuket?Jip: It's not a wedding, it's an announcement that Jib intends to live a family life with this person. Love doesn't mean to come out and say it anyway. Just do it every day. If one day we want to have a family. I didn't want to be a comment by anyone, so I decided to set this event up to announce how many carats of diamond rings? Jib's pride is that he uses his own savings to buy for us. He wants to make Jip happy, get what he deserves to be together, but get married, many people think he's pregnant? There's already a plan, there's a job, there's an announcement, if one day there's a baby, everything will be step by step. THIS IS YOUR IDEA, TOO, I WANT TO DO EVERYTHING RIGHTSPONSORED, HAVE YOU BEEN DATING FOR A LONG TIME?JIB: HOW DID YOU MEET ME OVER THE YEARS?JIB: BEFRIEND YOUR HUSBAND. He suggested meeting in an active way so that it wouldn't look too much, but it would take 3 months for diamonds to make an appointment to meet? When I first saw him, he was like, 'Is this really a star?' He saw Jip playing with his grandchildren, and he could see that this person could be the mother of the child. I have every goal in life very clearly. He opened up to us. For us, it's slowly coming. We talked clearly, we wanted to create a family, we talked a lot of things, decided to get together? Let's be girlfriends, let's go on a 20-day trip, spend time together, see a lot of things, it's a fine-tuning period. It's a trip to see if it's dawn or fall, but when you're happy, it's a jigsaw puzzle that's a perfect fit back to the guys to meet their parents?Jib: yes, I met his parents, we took him to see our parents. We were scared at first, but my parents were so cute. We were so welcoming that I was afraid that our house would welcome him so well? At home, parents cherish their daughters. No one has ever been through, but after meeting my parents, I can tell you. Our house is so big, this word experiments with life together first?Jib: This is your idea. Let's stay together. Let's try to live together, how can we go to another place in the middle, and he says if you fight, don't run away from home, stay together until you don't fight, some people look inappropriate?Jib: At the age of 35, we talk seriously all the time. If you don't try it and go live together, it really doesn't work. The experiments were together, and at this age, jibbed that it was ok, appropriate. Mom, okay, which is very weird, how about trying to live together?Jip: There's a lot to adjust to, it's a small thing. SPONSOREDJIB: He's polite, he's more mature than his age, we've tried to fight with him many times. When he fights, he makes an appointment to eat, he asks what the problem is, calm down, is there any way to make it better, so it is more of a conversation to find a solution to the problem than a friend tells him if the man knows what to accept in the jib?
May Pichanat Clarification after being dressed in a bridal gown Poi Trichada|It was over for the wedding ceremony of actress Poi Trichada and her businessman boyfriend Oak Attain Hongyoke, which was held at Baan Ajo restaurant. Phuket On March 2, fellow stars came to congratulate each other. Whether it's soup'star girl Aum Pacharapa and May Pichannat, she became a bridesmaid who accidentally stole the scene because of this event. "I think Mrs. May's dress is a bride, more dominant than the bride, the dress that kills the bride, thank you #ปอยอั้มที่มางานแต่ง #เมย์พิชญ์นะคะ"SPONSORED. Until some of the comments she felt uncomfortable and wanted to come out to clarify herself, "No one stands out from the bride because the bride is very beautiful and this event the bride asks all friends to be full, reiterates a lot of times, the theme is a long night with diamonds, the sponsor of the event is BMW, and this dress is the bride's favorite dress, which May intends to order specifically for May's friends, and those who know the times will not come to this event, thank you."
Keng Thachai recounts the miracle of Mu, reducing the status of Nugger to just an acquaintance.|Another talented singer for Keng Thachai who recently turned into a full-fledged mu line And life is constantly getting better. Recently, he revealed the secrets in the show "Mam Rat Table" with the host Mam Surivipa Mu how to bang to be loud and rich, and revealed the latest status with the hero Lige Nugger after previously admitting that he likes to actually flirt with not our content?"There will be a universe and five rows, and this one is the side of the tattoo, and there will also be an embedded type, which is to bury various gluttony along the arm, starting from the fact that we like to go to horoscopes or like to study the science of Thai beliefs, and this one is another culture. This time, luckily, I met a teacher who guided us that everything is diverse, but to make it right, it means that we have to make a good choice"Why Master Chiang?"Master Chiang, we had the opportunity to get to know when we went to build a generation of Ganesha and got the money miraculously. Because it was fast money, hot money, or money sent by other people, so we told the teacher that this money was the money that The King gave me, so I contacted the teacher. But he was busy at the time, so we didn't know how to contact him. He said there was only one free day. If we are free, it means that we have relative merit. We were very busy at the time, but we were really busy that day, so we met and talked to the teachers. After that, the teachers and teachers were sent to practice various morals, making us who we are in this version: "What miracles do we find ourselves?" The teacher taught about faith, and then thanked Father Ganesha, thanked the sacred things, and once the master let us go to the temple and ordain there. The miracle is that it is the first step after we wear out. We stepped out of the church for about half an hour. We pray for the descent to be rich quickly, to make everything successful, to have the phone turned on for about half an hour, and then it's news about the couple, which we used to shoot but didn't understand anyway, why it came to the news within half an hour, and then the reporter tried to contact us. When I left the temple and came back to Bangkok. When I came back from America, I never had a mic to do this interview, so I felt that maybe it might be a blessing that we really asked for"Even build Ganesha at home?"Yes, it will be Ganesha that we built in the middle of the house. Which Master Chiang gave as a gift, and then there was the white serpent, the father, grandfather, bhujong at Mukdahan, as well as Thao Vesuvarn the white one, which was very magical, came during the vegetarian period, and we were vegetarians, which all Ganesha who passed by could come and pay homage. We build because of faith, and then we pray here, pray here, pray here, and the water in the pond when we go to make merit in different places and then put the water back in this pond. If you want to get holy water here, you can finish it in one place"Recently made the talisman "Thachayant"?"In terms of faith, it gives us encouragement. In this there will be Ganesha, Serpent, and Thao Vesuvarn. Anyone interested can contact us at page 199 baht, we will put all the money to build a monk because we are always philanthropists and take that merit to the next "Talk about love?". "SPONSORED, WHAT IS OUR VIEW OF LOVE?", FOR US IT FEELS LIKE WE USED TO HAVE A SPEC OF LOVE. But nowadays we are the ones who can understand us. We ourselves are special, meaning that our lives are special, other people's 24 hours are not the same as our 24 hours. We need to understand our lifestyles and our families, and there will be some things like this for us to have fun in the entertainment industry. But now we want to focus more on work because there are many people who are looking at us."
Benj Reviyanan puts his love affair with his latest girlfriend as the best relationship|The heart in love for actress Benj Reviyanan Thakurd, who is currently working on the drama "Mani vengeful" on Channel 31, recently opened up about her relationship with the handsome news anchor from One News Agency Aof Chainont. Han Kirirat on TALK entertainment day on YouTube channel Entertainment Day by "I'm impressed with him a lot of things, the relationship at this point that I'm dating, dare I say it's the best relationship I've ever had, like it's in the right place at the right time. He himself once said to Benj that he had never been in a relationship with anyone and had no quarrel. He himself was so puzzled by this relationship that it never quarreled. It's flat. Chill out and be happy, because he understands the context of our work. It's rare enough for someone to feel good about taking care of them. He's a very hard worker, a workaholic. He doesn't have time to take care of himself. We just felt like taking care of him, but there was no time to sit down and eat for 1-2 hours. WE FELT THAT IF WE CHOSE TO DATE THIS PERSON, WE HAD TO TAKE CARE OF HIM, SO WE SHOULD HAVE HIM TAKE CARE OF HIM, AND WE SHOULD HAVE HIM TAKE CARE OF HIM AT 3PM. He took good care of me, even though I didn't have time. He'll talk to the line or call. Find him, he'll take it. He knew he didn't have time, but he wanted to use this moment to answer us. At least he still misses us, so we feel like his work is going well. I want him to do his best and we are ready to support him".
NCT DREAM prepares to unlock nostalgia for Thai fans Send a clip of greetings before the concert (clip)|NCT DREAM A K-pop band that is too strong to resist. Prepare to unlock the nostalgia of Thai fans who have been waiting for their concerts for a long time. In NCT DREAM TOUR 'THE DREAM SHOW2 : In A DREAM' in BANGKOK (NCT Dream Tour 'The Dream Show 2 : In a Dream' in Bangkok) 3 performances on Friday 10 March 2023 (19.00 hrs.), Saturday 11 March 2023 (18.00) and Sunday 12 March 2023 (16.00) at IMPACT Arena Tickets for all 3 performances were sold out as soon as they opened. They sent a greeting clip to NCTzen DREAM and shared the good news about the concert themselves. "Hello, we're NCT DREAM! Today we have good news to tell NCTzen Thais. The good news is, we're going to a solo concert. The name of the NCT DREAM TOUR 'THE DREAM SHOW2 : In A DREAM' in BANGKOK in Bangkok! We'll go back with a hotter show. The NCT DREAM TOUR 'THE DREAM SHOW2 : In A DREAM' in BANGKOK will be held from Friday, March 10, 2023 to Sunday, March 12, 2023. Let's meet at IMPACT Arena lol! Thank you."
DJ Quince Posted to whom In front of me said thank you for helping, but behind my back I was stupid.|It's a hot topic for albino legs to wonder about again. When DJs are loud, quince, techint, gemstone. Techin Ploypetch, DJ Quince, posted a lengthy post about this, saying, "The quince is willing to be kind, help or give anyone a chance, to be honest, from the heart, not wanting anything in return. I don't even think there's a need for each other. But if it helps, then think stupid. But if you don't stop alluding or pretending to be us, you should know #ทําคุณบูชาโทษครับthe same, right?
Listen back to Bella's reasoning Why not fall? Margie Even Understands (Clip)|It has become an online sensation that has been talked about for days for the story of a gang of 4m heroines who have spoken out on the show about being snatched by fellow stars. During his entry into the entertainment industry, there was a point of young heroines Margie Rasri and girl Bella. Rani, although Margie made it clear that it wasn't Bella that she was talking about on the show, New Davica. Bella girl has been dug up a lot of old clips Again and again in the issue of fighting friends Now there is another clip that has been dug up, which is the story that Bella has already interviewed. She revealed, "We actually know each other, work together, meaning we meet on the channel quite often, say hello to each other normally", and asked if they were tagging each other, but why not fallow IG? Ms Bale said: "The fact that there are many forms of relationship expressions, sponsored, whether to post a picture or to fall is not a measure of everything.
Ning Panita Clarification After the netizens caught the eye of the picture of the IG file. Jin Charin|It is also an issue that is being watched continuously. After the villain-theater presenter Ning Panita Thamwattana admitted that the family had real problems, but was in the process of resolving them, confirming that they still share the status of husband and wife and are still at home with Jin Charin Thamwattana. Husband as before and when Jin Charin Posted a picture of an old car washed, captioned "I've been living for 16 years. I love you", there were netizens who commented, including Nan Chumpicha Pattanahiran. SISTER NING ALSO COMMENTED, "LOVE MY WIFE A LOT." Netizens have not bothered to keep an eye on Jin Charin's Instagram profile picture @jintumwattana, which is a picture of a family of 3 parents on the first day Ning gave birth to their daughter. He posted a photo of Jin changing his profile picture to a family photo and captioned "The profile picture hasn't changed, I used the same picture that I used a long time ago".
Nawat reiterates that Miss Grand 2023 3B must not be depleted.|GAME ON!! Miss Grand Thailand 2023 season opens! Miss Grand Thailand 2023 "BODY BEAUTY BRAIN" at FIRST ORIENTATION MGT 2023, the first time that Miss Grand Thailand 2023 contestants from all 77 provinces met together. Director of the Provincial Pageant Division or PD and beauty pageant nanny. "How to win the Miss Grand Thailand 2023 crown" by Bosnawat Isarakraisorn Chief Executive Officer, Miss Grand International Public Company Limited Tell them all, listen at the same time, know at the same time, who is going to use it!! Ending with a watch of SHOW ME LOVE series, just want to tell with Ingfa. Charlotte and the senior beauty queen at this event are the press corps. Beauty pageants and fans follow the first look of beauty, not having to spread tightly. Siam Phawalai, 6th floor, Siam Paragon The atmosphere today is particularly lively. Every beauty queen is ready for every scene. Get all the light Not sunk. Not cured. SPONSOREDKHUN NAVAT SAID, "THIS YEAR, BESIDES 3B, DON'T DEPLETE, YOU HAVE TO RUN FOR THE LIGHT." The special feature of Miss Grand Thailand 2023 is to add 5 GRAND MODEL positions, with all 5 winners traveling to Indonesia to become professional models for 3 months, having accommodation, jobs and salaries. Can't sing. This position would suit him for me, I don't want to leave anyone behind. Because all the beauty queens are determined to walk the same path as the grand. If his abilities are obvious, there's no reason not to. I want all contestants to be intentional and trying. Miss Grand Thailand 2023 will be ready to enter the pageant in April 2023 before traveling to Chiang Mai for the finals on April 29, 2023 at MGI HALL, Rama 9 Road at 7.00 pm. SPONSORED.
"The company is fully unlimited." Move Vic to Thairath TV "Mint-Won-Baitong" Request Jam|Full of fun for 8 years for "Ha Unlimited Company", the latest camp sense to move to a new house, a new channel. Welcome to the 9th year with "Ha Unlimited Company" aired every Saturday at 13.00 on Thairath TV Channel 32, full of hilarity with the cast led by Chaturong Photharam, Nui Invite Smile, Chick Invite Smile, Jack-Chalermpol, Atai Supatat, Nikki-Nachat, Arm Ohana, etc. with guest performers every week. When he moved to a new channel, the event asked for the team of Thairath TV news anchors including Mint-Orachaporn, Baitong-Ratchatawan and Arm-Chana to strike a joke against the Ha Sponsored Mint gang. "I'm very excited, Mint, I won. My hands are cold, sweaty, and I feel like I'm going to faint (laughs). Normally, we read the news, there is a script that must be read correctly, but when we come to The Ha Company, it is not limited. What is a script is none. Sometimes we can't keep up and laugh until we have tears in our eyes. But all the brothers are very cute, so leave everyone to follow along and cheer us all 3 as well. The first tape will be released on Saturday, March 4 at 1 p.m. on Thairath TV Channel 32."
"Tan-Katto" Review 19 years "Lipta" can be many roles.|Now in its 19th year since the debut song "Hug Yourself", the band Lipta (Lipta) of 2 good-tempered young people Katto-Arom Phohanrattanakul and Tan-Thana Liptapallop have grown into new roles with the label Kicks Records. "Jeanius (Genius)-Nova Makuklia" and "Bent (Bent)-Kittitach Porndonkao" and "Guncharlie" and "Guncharlie" are both the most popular viral songs of the year, so I invited both Tan and Katto to open their eyes today, starting with Katto, "It's fun, it's like there's something more learned than an artist, and when you do this, it's like starting over, which is fun, and life finds something new to do." "It's like the next stage of life, we finish elementary school, we go to high school, then college, and that's what we know, we should do what we're good at, something we've been doing for a long time and should be building on. WHEN I STARTED DOING IT, IT WAS FUN." "Actually, Katto has been inviting me for about 5 years, but I still don't know about myself in a lot of things, and it's like we're just starting to produce a lot of work, like doing ink-waranthorn, and when it started to be successful, it started seeing some destinations. I feel like doing a record label or making three new artists, it's a long term and it's a journey, it's not measured at the first song or the first year. It's 3 years and 5 years, so I talked to Katto about raising children. It's about gradually seeing him grow"When I started a label, how did you find an artist to match up with us? "I mainly give instead to choose, I have my thoughts on the same, but I give instead to choose because I believe instead, let's try to choose it and I say I like it or not, because I really have the image I want, which may not match the tan, but I feel that instead is the one to start first and I'm okay with it." "Bent"–Kittitach Porndonkao, the no.2 artist of the label, how did you work with Lipta? "It's like Katto said we started in elementary school, high school, university, and now Bent is in kindergarten, compared to his dad who worked for almost 20 years. When I was at camp, I realized that making music wasn't just about one person. There are a lot of people who help each other, learn a lot, adapt, it's fun, it's fun. Nowadays, my parents are very good, and as he says, it's like raising a child." What does a young man have in his artistry been portrayed? "The 2 brothers will have different styles, the cut will be fun, take them to meet adults, take them to various events, want to meet a lot of people, a lot of work, and when we go to play music together. What did you do today, how did you feel? If there's anything you can tell me, you can tell me right away. As for my brother, I take care of him like my dad." "I really try to take you to concerts. When you started becoming an artist, you became an artist. Some jobs may not be played as him, so we'll take him to some jams at big events like Big Mountain. Season of Love, I think it's important to be on stage. Seeing the re-action of the audience and how we solve problems on stage is something that other people don't see, it's a good thing that they can even adapt to making music. How to promote? "What I really like when we take him to learn something, we don't tell him to act like us, but to take him to learn that there's a world like this, it's A B C, it's really time, you go to your own way of finding out what the way you're going to use, we guide you the equipment and methods, but it's time to figure out what the music is or how to do your own show. Really, I have to say that Lipta is a rather very independent band. It means we don't have a lot of friends. We live among ourselves. Now, there are people who come to work with us. With kids coming in, we felt like it was a new family that we had to give time. We felt that what we really wanted as an artist was to get time. This is a good thing. So it's important to give time, so try to add this. Let's meet, eat, want to have a lot of time there, go to see it, have a lot of experience, this is learning" instead, "Actually, all 3 kids in the camp have different personalities. It's like a tree growing, as Katto says, each person has to have their own whey. Therefore, we will not cultivate the soil or water it all the same. It's going to take each person's time, and we're going to have to look at all three of them so that they're going the best way they should go. So it's hard, too. When we started camp. Apart from just the artists, there's a behind-the-scenes team or how we can get the camp to do it without losses, and it's another kind of business that Katto and I come down to see ourselves with all the time. Playing a lot of concerts together. There's more camp coming this year, so I'm going to have to work a lot more." "I'm very happy that it's still there and we've worked hard. I believe that if we have a camp and we have kids, we have to make ourselves viable. I feel that if we don't show them, it's not, and we feel that this year at the age of 19, a lot of bands have rested, we are one of those bands that are still around and we are still having fun, and like last year we had the song "Tuck" that allowed us to connect with new fans, both Tik-to-k, children, grandchildren, because so it opened up a whole new world. When we make sad music for a while, we say we have to have fun, and every time we have to have a shot to make a fun song." "I think it's similar to the same songs we've been working on, but I think the way we dress might change, like the choreography. We actually had dance moves in previous songs, but the songs weren't loud. We briefed each other that we could have people like me and Katto dance. Before it became loud, it gradually ran, it took about 2 months for it to boom, probably in the post-Songkran episode of last year, as well as when the country opened, so we worked a lot, but it was me and Katto not stop. "Well, at the end of the day, we feel like it's our song, and we've done about this song that has 4-5 rappers, but it's probably going to fit into some applications and lifestyles, so something that's a hit." I don't think an artist's time is always there. For us, we feel that from one day you used to be a hero friend. Time passes. We don't have to be hero friends, we can be villains, we can be fun, but it's still a story. Having to accept learning to play in your own role is more fun and learning with the new things that come in. I've talked to Tan about how artists of this era have other difficulties. In the old days, it was another difficult. I believe that many people may not play, but if we look at it as a device, we just enjoy it. What we can do, what we can't do, we can't do. Open your mind to it, it's fun and go. Every year I had to adapt, that year I played Twitter, that year I played IG, I learned to cut clips, I made a YouTube vlog, each year there was always a new job. It's good to learn, adapt throughout. Like we used to have the year we were in place and it didn't work. So I think each year I learn and enjoy it." Take more time to see your kids. Some of the things we've probably seen but they've never come, so we'll have to take them. It's like we're taking our kids to the zoo. When people haven't been there yet, we have to get up early and maybe go to see more companies, but Lipta is preparing to have new songs and new artists in the label." As Katto says, we may not have 20-30 jobs a month, but in the end 5-10 years, maybe 4-5 months at a time, or a different kind of work. We also played some concerts. I think it's growing the way it should, being an artist is probably less. But it's still in the music industry, it's ok".Subject: Supalak Wuttikreethachai
"BodySlam-Nont" is a thrilling beach in front of the checkpoint, khanom concert, strong crack!|The artists were very full of Chang Music Connection presents Khanom Festival 8th "Fly To INFINITY", the biggest beach music festival in the South. More than 100,000 spectators came to Na Dan Beach, Khanom District, Nakhon Si Thammarat province, starting their space tour at 3:30 p.m. with a marching band from Chaao Wittayakarn School, before the 2 good-tempered hosts, DJ Nui-Thanawat and Chompoo-Thansita, invited Mr. Somchai Chompoomnoi. Director of Tourism Thailand "The opening remarks of SPONSORED" began with 4 young mean bands carrying catchy hits, and then it was the turn of the clear-voiced girl Som-Marie before the next artist took the stage. The rain didn't make fans retreat with DJ YUKIO, and it was the turn of The Toys, followed by the hot playful guy Non-Thanon. The event was exponentially late, and seniors, bodyslams, stirred up the boiling water until the beach shook 18 songs in a row. At the end of the 8th khanom phase, Joey Boy invites everyone to dance to the hit song and DJ LEO.
"Jae-Donupol" confirmed to sing "Boy-Kong", leading the team to announce the concert "The best of the songs".|Fans shouldn't miss "Jae-Donupol" confirming to sing !!! song for fans who miss ... Smile Radio 98FM is preparing to take you back to the memory to sing the song Chae-Donupol to be nostalgic with the return to the concert stage in 10 years by a warm press conference. The origin of this concert came from the fans who voted the most, namely that they wanted to do the concert of "Chae-Donupol" by Chae-Donupol. Participate in the selection of artists to sing songs. He also worked on music with Pee-Phitru. The concert will meet Kong-Saharat, Burin Boonvisut, Boy Peacemaker, Stamp-Apiwat, Theng Tiewtheng, Tak-Siriporn and Mr.Naphat on Saturday, May 27 at Sirikit National Convention Center, tickets can be purchased at www.thaiticketmajor.com Tel. 0-2262-3456.
New Davika gives you a luxury bag It's a birthday present, but let's unpack it ourselves (clip)|It's time for the new heroine, Davica Hoorn, to face a heavy monsoon. After making a YouTube clip with the gang of heroines M. Mu Nitta, Margie Rasri, Mint Chalida, and alluding to the 3rd person, both about the Ganseen star, as well as celebrities who do not want to work with again, until it is a heavy criticism in the online world, the tour continues to burst, but there is a story that makes New Davika smile because the latest is the birthday of Klao Nampraw, the manager of the new partner. Even if it is a gift intended for the manager, SPONSORED, which Klao Nampraw posted a clip to IG and wrote a short but touching message that "Nuo is Ma Mi #namprawbd2023's most special gift", and people in the entertainment industry and fans came to wish the manager a happy birthday.  
Glastonbury stage artists revealed|On March 3, The Associated Press reported that the organizers of the Glastonbury Britain's world's most famous outdoor music and performing arts festival Revealed the list of 54 artists confirmed to join this year's show. British rock band Arctic Monkeys is set to take the stage as a headline band for the third time on the Pyramid Stage. On Friday night, June 23, "Guns & Roses", a senior rock band from Los Angeles, was scheduled to take the stage on June 24 to replace the anonymous female big-name artist, who withdrew from the show this year, citing a change in tour plans. Meanwhile, many speculate that it could be a young pop star like Taylor. Swift also features famous artists such as Lizzo, Lana Del Rey, Manique. Street Preach Sher, Queen of the Stone Age, Fatboy Slim, Blondey, Cat Sweeven, and Moneskin, an Italian rock band Champions of the European Song Championships "Eurovision" 2021, after british genius artist Sir Elton John announced earlier this month. In December last year, he will stage a farewell concert in the UK at the Glastonbury Festival. On June 25, Glastonbury 2023 will be held from June 21-25 at Worthy Farm. Pilton Village SOMERSET COUNTY OF ENGLAND.SPONSORED
Fans appreciated. Cherprang High spirit came to work, even having just lost a brother.|It was a huge loss for the girl idol. Cherprang Arikul or Cherprang BNK48 and family After his brother's death, the company had previously given him a break from work to arrange a funeral and spend time with his family. She also showed her spirit, traveling to BNK48 & CGM48 Matsuri, a 48 Group Thailand style Japanese temple festival, held on the first day as captain and shihainin, to help take care of the event. TO GET THROUGH THIS PERIOD.SPONSORED
Reveal the latest images 97-year-old grandmother shoots video with granddaughter|Having been away from the entertainment industry for many years. Famous senior actor, who previously left the drama "Buppasan Niwas" as Kessurank's grandmother, who has been away since 2020 to treat her latest illness, has a TikTok user @dandaojaja who is a granddaughter, who has updated the clip with In this clip, the granddaughter showed the clip of her grandmother playing the play to her grandmother and read comments from fans of the drama. Although the grandmother is 97 years old, she still reads comments and talks with her granddaughter fluently, healthy, and thanks the fans who followed the drama. For example, I grew up with my grandmother. From Venus, pinkie's version, I miss my grandmother's voice, my grandmother when I was a kid, we grew up with grandma. Grandmother, Sri Yamapai, to all drama fans. Thank you for thinking about your grandmother. 🤍🤍 
Kimberly made a fire and wore a whirlwind dress. Fans tease the sexy.|It's getting sexier and sexier for actress Kimberly Ann Thiamsiri, who lately has melted her hearts in a row with beautiful sexy pictures posted on her personal IG. Kimberly revealed a sexy photo in IG @kimmy_kimberley, this time in a black dress that stretches from the chest to the navel, showing off her fit body, smooth white skin.  The event not only drew likes and sent fire emojis. Comments from people in the entertainment industry and fans have praised the sexy, such as very beautiful, very beautiful, oh yes, we are too hot, ah!!!!!hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Win Methwin Answered Is it Min Pechaya's special guy, as everyone suspects?|After the heroine Min Peechaya came out to launch the sweetheart to welcome Valentine's Day, but it was lightly interrupted by the netizens because she did not open her face in full. Compare shadows Compare the angles because it seems that some of them are secretly similar to the young hero Win Methwin. Recently, when I had the opportunity to meet young Win Methawin, I had to ask if it was yes or not. Recently, there was a deformed catch where "Min" was down, the picture was blurred, someone guessed that the guy in the picture is us?"? I didn't see the picture. (smiling) "Sirius, do people misunderstand a lot?" I DON'T KNOW ABOUT "SPONSORED, DO PEOPLE THINK IT'S A LOT OF US?" I don't know yet, I'll say no, "What's our status?", "What's our status?", "How was your birthday?", "I went to make merit with the fans in Chaiyaphum. There was a monk offering that we cast last year. This time, it was a consecration ceremony. I'm very glad that I didn't think that the fans would come together to make so much merit, I feel very grateful to the fans who chose this temple (Wat Non Hua Chang Wanaram) because it really has been a long time. Find a temple that hasn't flourished yet. People still don't have access to it, and people have suggested that there is still a shortage of things. The amount is about 200,000 baht. Thanks to everyone, there is a kitchen building. I'm waiting to see what project I can do next "What did you buy for yourself this year?" Haven't bought it yet. Ask what you want. I've said before that my wrist is open, I haven't bought it yet. (smiling) "Or can we say "Brother Bright" that the wrist is clear?", I have passed through a lot of media. I don't know if it's up to him (to be clear?), it's too clear to lose manners, it's about 16-17 (laughs). It's anything but a clear wrist (laughs). He hasn't given us a gift yet because he travels a lot, we travel a lot, so we haven't had a chance to meet yet. "The gift we gave him was extraordinary. I asked him for a long time what he wanted, waited for him, when he knew what he wanted, we were afraid he didn't like it, so we took him like it, so we sent him a gift to tell him what he wanted?" YOU CAN BUY ANYTHING, IT'S TOO EXPENSIVE (SMILE)."
Quite confident, Hippo opened the speech, watermelon Nida, when he was alive, about the camera in front of the car.|It is becoming a subject that is being talked about a lot in the story of the evidence that the mother of watermelon. Panida Siriyutyothin after coming out to say that there is new evidence. An audio clip from the front camera of her daughter's car showed 2 people talking about the watermelon speedboat incident, while the Nonthaburi Police Chief said in an interview that the witnesses were not new pieces of evidence. Forensic police officers seized the memory card of the car's front camera and examined it, but found that only the front camera footage recorded the route on the way back from the dockyard to the residence. Recently, Hippo, a close friend of Watermelon Nida, opened up through Amarin media, saying, "I asked the camera why I thought there was a sound because I had previously been in the car with watermelon when watermelon was alive. Watermelons often tell their friends not to talk in lewd tones, because Mr. Bird's body is that watermelon's girlfriend will hear it. IT MAKES THE HIPPOS PRETTY SURE THAT THERE IS A REAL VOICE CHATTING.".SPONSORED
Om Suchar in a bikini swimsuit Show off your eye-catching figure|Previously, I had already set fire to it. For the little heroine, Om Suchar Mana-ying, who has already made a splash with the image of herself in a fiery red bikini swimsuit, but only sees the top.  Recently, Om Suchar revealed another round of zest with a picture in a green bikini, but this round has not come because it is facing only the side, but still sees a figure with very smooth white skin.
From the heart, Poi Trichada speaks after May Pichanat was teased for wearing a bridal gown.|The beautiful dress caused drama to the beautiful actress May Pichannat Branchkorn in a puzzled way after she went to congratulate Poi Trichada and businessman Oak Attain. I don't know. The latest bride-to-be may even sent a clear message to Poi by posting a chat on her personal Instagram account, in which May asked Poi, "Are you dressed too much? I'm pretty sure he designed it for months for her. I haven't seen it in years," Poi revealed her personal feelings, "I saw Poi go to Poi to deal with it. If she doesn't dress beautifully, it means that she loves her a little. It's not easy to find a dress, makeup, love it so much. AND THANK YOU TO THIS SISTER FOR ALWAYS BEING BY YOUR SIDE".SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Sweet water Woraphan, the former party, sends encouragement, Ning Panita wants you to tell me.|Having said that, the villain-organizer is good, Ning Panita. There are people in the industry, including close people, adults, and fans. On Ning's Instagram @namwanp, Ning posted a picture with Ning Panita on IG Story and wrote a message of encouragement to Ning: "Thank you, thank you for making this day a friendly day. Send encouragement to your big sister. Give me a hug and always be there for me. I believe that I will get through it... because I am a brother today, we love each other. I WANT YOU TO TELL ME," SPONSORED, WHO AFTER THE NECTAR WAS POSTED. Ning Panita also reposted the post to IG Story. It is believed that Ning girl soon cleared up the family problems that had arisen perfectly.
Stefan unfolds heroic hero in the industry.|Long gone from the entertainment industry. For the former celebrity hero. Stephan Thasit Sinkanawiwat recently came out as a guest on a YouTube channel. I've been talking about the entertainment industry for a long time. Speaking about the heroic heroics, Stefan said, "There is one person in the industry who is the base in this story. But we don't have to name it (everyone wants to know who it is). One time I filmed a play in Chiang Mai. When this person does not come, he has to lift the pile, the pile is a waste of about 2 dollars, he is in Bangkok, he has to send someone to pick him up one day, and then on the third day he opens the car, he is a drunk friend in the car, not himself. I've never met him. But I used to drive to Pattaya once. Come on. And tell me to come to Pattaya, don't tell Gu? I thought in my heart, I've met Pawa. He said to come to Gu, goo was in this shop and we went to see him. When he met a beautiful woman, he danced and gave me a business card. There's a man and a woman dancing together. This person went to the middle of the road, beating the woman. Then he picked up a business card for the guy to tell his wife to call. FIND GU WITH SPONSORED, THERE WAS ONE DAY I WAS WORKING AND HE CALLED. Come again, tell Phan, come and pick up Gu, Goo will come to Boonkrong. When I got to the pump, I walked into the mall and sucked on the cigarettes. Tell me not to suck, and he looks at the security guard. When he got up the escalator, he sat in a squash position and sucked on a cigarette. When I asked him what he was going to do, he said he wanted to come and breathe fresh air. Why don't you wear it?"
Netizens call on heroine gang M. apologize to Bella Hashtags that trend in tweets|It's been a hot topic all week. New Friend EP.3" on Davikah Channel with 3 best friends Margie Rasri, Mew Nitta, Mint Chalida joining the group to do a secret quiz challenge. AFTER THAT, NEW DAVIKA APOLOGIZED FOR THE IMPACT, A LIFE LESSON, AND ANNOUNCED THE END OF THE "NEW FRIEND" SHOW BEFORE SAYING THAT HE WOULD NOT ALLUDE TO THE 3RD PERSON. In the comments section, it's not good. But it seems that this story does not end easily, because some netizens have called on those who commented on Bella Rani, including the heroine gang, M. to apologize to Bella, along with the hashtag #ApologizeTobellacampen until it became trending on Twitter, with comments such as "Everyone can guess albino for entertainment". David, you don't have to gossip about anyone, let people understand that you're a scumbag heroine. But she should apologize for getting him dug up for free, what's wrong with that, and when she apologizes, help out publicly, like when you put him on mount, the intent of Dua to do it, it's clear why there is no apology to a third party. Because she intended this to happen in the first place. It's just that there's a counter-current, so it's not 100 happy to be happy. I've always looked beyond his old news, but it's reminiscent of old news, is it just floating around? He didn't even apologize to the 3rd person he had caused. It's not enough to not delete the clip that caused the story again. If the trend doesn't bounce back on itself, I'll continue to make this list, I'm a famous person with light, I should think more, don't come out and apologize, it's okay, but I think people will like you again, a lot less. At first I liked the show very well, but I found this happen. SPONSORED ETC
Pad Thai Reveal the cause J.R. Choose Kong Piya to act as his father's replacement at the wedding.|The groom's mother, Chu Chudapa, tag teamed with close friends for more than 30 years, Top Daraneenuch and Kong Piya, to reveal their son's delight. Jin Zhou and JR The actress's daughter is in a good mood. Wielding a couple into the wedding gate, and what made JR ask for it? Pee Kong Piya plays an important role at the wedding. What will this be like, hear from your mother's mouth through the talk show? Channel One31 congratulates you on selling out your son? The son of the group called it a job filled with the love and warmth of a friend. Mother & Child How do you feel as a mother? It's like a family that we don't have to adjust so much, Jay is our sweetheart, and it's a group of daughters too. It turned out to be true. It's a pleasure that everyone is more shocked than when did Brother Chu go to have a baby?: Yes, until today people still ask. I've been asked since I was a little kid, because he was white, people thought that I had asked to be adopted, and then when I was 1-2 years old, I went to the show, but people watched little, and when I finished, my child would go to school in the outer cities, so I really never closed, but the audience of people watching the channel, it was diverse, there will be a lot of people who know a little. Brother Top: I have to say that we have loved him since both mothers, Pad Thai, Chu, have loved him for decades, and our 2 grandchildren we love, must say that we have to distinguish between relationships and bonds. Our group is not only in a relationship, but also in a relationship, but a bond that has been around for a long time. So it's going to be cohesive. J went to school outside and we gathered to drop him off. Joe, like this. We're always in moments. I can tell you that my son was married during COVID and was quiet at home, but when I saw my grandchildren in tears, it was a moment like we saw our first son, and then when he graduated, we saw Joe holding a bottle. She was wearing a suit, and what impressed him was that he was listening to the pastor brief and seeing it hit us. I saw tears in my eyes, I didn't know what to do, I walked over to Mae Gu like I was happy: When I found out I was going to get married, I was shocked. I didn't think it would be this much in chain, but when I met him, I showed him the gift. Look at the dress, it's also a helping mother. When I saw the day of the event, I felt that my grandchildren were grown up, but I started to have tears in my eyes when I had to take JR to the church. His father was a pilot, so he couldn't come. I knew it was my brother, but at first I thought it would be like entering a theater scene. When the actual day is about to go to church, the wedding music will rise, the tears will flow, you see, the brother is very frowned because he tries to keep the tears from flowing, because if he has tears in his eyes, he will stand out from the bride. I feel that today my grandson is a heroine, so I have to make him stand out, so I remain calm. Quietly, Pad Thai cried throughout the event? I didn't actually sing, but that one led Brother Top to sing the first song? Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh He said he saw it as a child, bathed, bathed, and given it. We had tears in our eyes as we thought because we had seen both of them since we were kids, especially the top brother, who was addicted to what job. He's going to take these kids on trips, and he's the one who's going to take care of them. I don't let my child go with anyone, but I do go with him. These pictures come up and I can't sing. He turned to see him scolding, pretending to be something, but really, his inside flowed more than us, but he didn't. How grateful is he to see the picture of his own child that day? I only look at Joe because I love him, my son has 2 top cousins, and joe is the youngest in the group. Imagine The House of Pei Chu. He'll have a high staircase. When we go to eat, we feed each other. Joe would sit on the stairs and hold his rotten cloth and watch us do the activity, but he didn't come to joy either, and his eyes were red like a sleepy child. WE DIDN'T CRY MAINLY THERE, BUT WE CRIED WITH THE PAST THAT WE SAW HIM COME TO SPONSORED, BROTHER PAD WROTE A MESSAGE TO HIS OWN DAUGHTER? People appreciated it, and then they asked why they changed their children's schools so often. Why not let your child go to school? Why did you take your child to Chiang Mai? But we have our way, but do whatever he finds himself who is not told by his mother. I felt that even though we were raising him like this, today we sent him. I don't really thank myself, thank you because she cooperates and develops herself together. When I see this, it's like I'm running out of main duties, the rest is an assistant, no matter what he does. Now it's the wind under his wings, otherwise it won't be his family, it will be his family's design. That shouldn't be done. A little later, we have to leave this world, afraid of the children. He can't stand, we just have to let go. If he has a question, we are already prepared to answer him. We're like this as a whole group, especially Mr. Kong, who is like everyone's mother. We're just supporting factors. I do a lot. His mother was still in Pad Thai: When my baby gave birth, the doctor told me to contact my relatives because I gave birth suddenly at 8 months. He asked for a relative's contact number. I don't remember anyone's number. I remember the number of the pack link, the nurse then packed the link and said, "Congratulations, your baby has been born, and then in the morning I heard people talking. Because I have seen it since I was born, it is not just our child. Cousin Top Cousin Chu is the top cousin. Brother Kong went to the delivery room, Brother Kong: Actually, I didn't go to see Brother Top. I didn't go in and see my children. I want to go and see the reserved thing, Brother Pad Thai: I really need to tell Brother Top, the first voice I hear is probably the voice of Brother Top's mother: He is the one who plays a role in our lives. He's the husband of the group, but we don't have to have sex. He's a kingdom lord who takes good care of us, his mouth scolds, he talks and he cries, but he is. He'll take care of us like that, but he'll watch. Look at everyone. He did more than talk, and when we saw him give birth, he said, "I'm sorry." He wants to have a baby, and then he goes to have a baby for 1 year. I want to have a baby, go into the delivery room too, and a friend said chu, let's see this way, we shook our heads, we didn't dare to look at Brother Kong, it was in every moment of the friend?Brother Kong: But he wasn't around, I met him when I was growing up, and I got into a fight with my baby. I told you to stop, don't hit my mother, I was born first, I have been with her mother for a long time, I have not hit her mother yet, Brother Chu: Since then, I have not brought my child to Brother Kong again. The child will live only with his mother. When he came out to meet his friends, he was jealous of his mother, and he seemed to not talk to him, so he taught him: to understand the culture of our group, it's a family that is not perfect, so it complements each other. So it's a group of friends, that person is a father, that person is a mother, that some people don't understand the warmth, the bond we have, maybe it's not her doing this role. But we replace each other all the time, Brother Pad Thai: Is ready to do it for each other, Brother Kong can do everything for friends. Even on the day of the marriage registration? Mom: Yes, we have to go. Mom and Dad Kong: Where did Pad Thai go on the day of the marriage registration? The face is very fit, and Jay sends a message saying that Aunt Kong is a registered witness. He had a very pink face. Like a brother, he is happy, he makes grandchildren. Brother Kong: I'm glad to see it, I've actually seen it in the drama, this comes in real life, seeing 2 grandchildren that we feel loved and know well, registered to testify, and then signed the wrong one, I had to reprint it. It has an effect. He didn't want to do that, but before the event, his father called his mother. Or will I break my ass altogether? I was uncomfortable because I was afraid JR wouldn't love me, I was afraid he wouldn't understand, which J didn't think about, but we couldn't decide. Well, I asked J what to do, because at that point, Brother Kong had prepared all the standby clothes. Because I've been here since I started helping with everything. His memories are resonate. He started from the beginning. He didn't want to miss the last day today. He had thought of everything when the last day wasn't him. He said, "I'm sorry. He asked to be the same brother. He doesn't change. He said he couldn't afford to have a brother. It has already entered his memory. We felt that I had made my own choice, so Daddy said I understood, but she called J early in the morning, stayed with me, and then he went flying. By the end of the event, we felt it was perfect. We've been together since the beginning, no one is missing anyone. Let's say it really changed. I don't know. Brother Kong doesn't regret anything, but the one who regrets it is J because he doesn't want to J wants to take Brother Kong's arm, we understand that he loves him. I saw it and cried all the time. I'm grateful. I can't say I love it all. It's not friends, it's relatives.
That's awesome! Beauty queen Nat-Sugar-Marilla receives death threats from her parents, tears in her eyes|I'm going to wake up...3 I'm sure !!... beauty queen!! Arrange for dad to wipe the water with 3 beautiful girls "Nat Aniporn, Sugar Chalita and Mariya Poonlertlap" extremely versatile. In addition to having Mong at the top of the cosmic stage, she recently became a girl group releasing cute singles. SEXY DANCE CRUSHES MOM'S HEART, RAISES SPONSORED, BUT BEING BEAUTIFUL IS ALSO EXHAUSTING!! Because the beauty industry is diligent, there is drama every day. From the day she stepped onto the pageant stage until the 3 girls shook their heads in unison, they didn't think about opening a beauty school! I'd rather be a quiet guru because I've come across it myself, whether it's inbox into my personal space. Threatening to kill his father, killing his mother, or even using profanity. "I can't get my position, I got on the plane and crashed!" Some were thrown into the air, some consulted "Nat Aniporn", who was the positive force of the group, until this time he even held back tears. Letting Ho come up in the middle of the show because it's like a pond for friends who understand and want to encourage everyone, of course, the beauty queen has to come up with a good story that each person contributes to society. Marilla There is a project as part of sharing solutions. Air pollution Is a big problem that Thai people are facing and choking on PM 2.5 dust!! 15 p.m. on Channel 3 HD and watch back on www.youtube.com/polyplusentertainment 
Mew Supasit Get the wrong decision to post a strong message. Make up your mind if the fan base drops.|After Mew Supasit Jong Chee Wee Watt has posted a furious message to some fans who do not discriminate between work and personal life and comment on their relationship with their ex-partner. Although Mew said that he already has a girlfriend and that Gluff is just a sibling, which disappointed some fans, he could not accept it. As a result of this issue, some fans were upset by the use of strong words. Jee Mew attended the launch event of Global Project at MASTERCARD CINEMA, 8th floor, SF WORLD CINEMA, Central World Shopping Mall. In his first interview on the subject, Mew admitted that he made the wrong decision to post this message on Twitter. Admit to being stressed by the impact. This is a lesson. I'm going to think a lot more about my birthday this year and I'm in the hospital again? Food poisoning We are one of them, eat a lot of things, because birthdays, fans send a lot of things, including the team, both at home, there is a chance to taste, we taste a lot. It doesn't feel good either. IF THE HOROSCOPE CHANGES, IT WILL BE BETTER (SMILE)"SPONSORED IS A BELIEF, RIGHT? Most of the time, there are reasons why they need to be hospitalized. Want to change the non-hospital atmosphere? I want to hang out with some friends, stay at home, have the opportunity to go to the monks, I think I will go to Hong Kong with my friends in the gang, "Is the year we were born?" In the end, it did not survive. The doctor also warned about food because people have diarrhea a lot lately. The air changes and waste is easy. Don't put things in the sun, eat things that look spotless (smile)." "It's so cute, like a mini-fan meetup event where fans come together, it feels like another event that has never been held like this before. Time 2 hrs. We talked about it alone, it was a very good atmosphere. If there's anything interesting, invite your fans to share what they've experienced in their past lives. Maybe we can look at the same thing from a different perspective."Do you have a gift for yourself this year? I'm trying to find it too (smiling), I want the drama to bang (laughs), it's almost on, I'm so excited. "I think it's already happening because people have ups and downs, new downs and downs, and I don't think it can last forever. It's a common thing that's likely to happen. Asked if he would regret it, there would have been a regret angle, but it was the last thing that had to happen (smiling)." Because of some things, I feel like I can talk to each other in private, but with the space between us and the fans, I can't call them to talk to each other to understand each other, so I have to go through social media, so it may seem a little too harsh. SPONSORED", IT'S STRESSFUL TOO, BECAUSE THE SOUND IS QUITE CRACKLED, THERE WILL BE PEOPLE WHO UNDERSTAND AND DON'T UNDERSTAND. It's not uncommon for crackling. Because it's content that can really think from multiple angles. All artists are already struggling with comments and sometimes we just want to explain from our perspective what's going on, but I can accept what's going on. Because what I've posted has already happened and made people understand me a lot more, I don't regret it." If it's possible to create that fan meet, do you feel like we can talk to fans in this way? I feel that if there is a next time, it may be reorganized like this. "We're not social detox like last time, are we?" There was a time when I went to the hospital. Do fans feel like we're stressed out on social detox? I'm really addicted to games (laughs), I bought the game, I want to play it through, it's full stream."
"Pink Gem" Tears filled her eyes as "Euro-Pupe" joins her first fan meeting in her life.|Warm, rainbow, fringe. For the heroine of Channel 7HD, Pink Ploy – Pabhavadi Chansamon recently held the first fan meet event titled "PINKPLOY1st FANMEETING...Pink Destiny". Just came to be in the month of the girl's birth. Pink Ploy at the end of the month He also celebrated his 26th birthday. The atmosphere of the first fan meet was full of warmth. Hundreds of fans opened the event with a good-tempered host, New Mustache-Thanit, then the fans watched the singing show from Pink Ploy and also got a chance to play the game. Close friends Euro-Yosawat who raised the cake as a surprise, as well as the investment of his brother Pupe-Kesarin, who wore a mascot costume, made a splash throughout the event. Pink Ploy didn't know who until later, Pupe took off the mascot's head. Pink Ploy screamed before darting into a hug. Fans showed off their love projects and released a clip of a greeting from someone special. There are both parents as well as brothers and sisters who are close friends of Pink Ploy again. Pink Ploy revealed his feelings, "I am very happy and impressed, I and all the Pink Ploy Family brothers are very much waiting for this event because everything will be perfect, we have been waiting for a long time. We actually knew he was addicted to the job, but he cleared it until he came to work. Thank you so much Eurosponsored Another surprise from the fans is the inclusion of various greeting clips for me to see at the event, the most surprise is the mascot of the cat doll at the event, which is a crab backpack, actually seen from the beginning of the event, and then we went to take pictures with us from the morning, but did not know who it was, until everyone said that the cat has gone because of the cost of hiring, until when I blew the cake, oh, the cat came again, and when I opened the face as a backpack, we were surprised, that I will not cry anymore, but there are tears in my eyes since the clip of my parents until the surprise of the special project from the fans, I can't hold back tears. Only when I found the backpack. That's how it feels to keep crying. It's really grateful..."
Helen, a former celebrity sculptor, unfolds a famous heroine, but slanders each other.|He is a former celebrity sculptor who has been by A. Supachai's side for many years before laying hands for Helen Pawara Sirisan. Recently, he posted a message about the heroism of the famous heroine, which was a story that has been on Helen's mind for more than 10 years, at which time Helen was seen bullying children. Anyone can wear fire whatever, because he is pathetic. Shemales look evil, say, who will believe you, you are crooked, do not pay us. This is how we make ourselves heroines, who has pity on the class? What did I get when I was scolded for cheating, what do you think of this? We have to be accused of cheating, acting as thugs, threatening, extorting money, will anyone believe it? That I didn't do what they said. Fake contracts are very puzzling because customer contracts are sent directly to them. We were just signing witnesses and sending threatening messages, we never sent anything, because we weren't busy, we weren't in touch. If you guys come across like this, can you be honest? I was the one who brought it. IN ADDITION TO NOT HAVING THE VIRTUES, THEY HAVE BEEN SLANDERED, THEY HAVE DONE TO ME, THEY HAVE BEEN VERY MEAN TO ME," SPONSORED HELEN THEN WROTE UNDER THE POST, "WHAT I CAME ACROSS WAS THE HARDEST THING IN MY LIFE IN THE ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY. It doesn't want to mess with anyone. I don't want to support anyone anymore. Regretted to this day. It's a mistake in life to support someone who doesn't think one day will satisfy you by hurting us." In some corners, it's very scary, it's been so long that I can see everything. Create images, compete, compete" and "Believe it or not. It helped a lot of people. In the end, being hit in the head and being slandered, cheated, threatened, extorted money, spoke inconsistently, made us become the culprit in the eyes of others.
Yuki Golden Jar Crying After Bostum Surprises With Words Of Abyss (Clip)|It's a clip that makes fans even cry. - Yuki Golden Jar Bostum sounded wobbly, surprised Bam. Thanawat in the middle of a live broadcast posted by Page More than a hundred hearts. In the clip, Yuki Penpaka is singing a song. She came to bam's housewarming. In the clip, Bostum Doctor Lam Sound Wihak 1 of Yuki's former boss, Dr. Lam Sang Wihak, also came to surprise at the event in the middle of the live broadcast. After Bostum finished speaking, Yuki came out to sing. She came to the road and raised her hand to pay homage to Bostum with respect and hugged each other. Before Bostum, Bam Thanawat and Yuki will cry on stage because they have been together in their happiness, and fans who have watched the clip are crying before commenting on everyone's support. Let's all keep fighting for the path you've chosen.Click to watch the sponsored clip
Po Nattawut admires Nadej living a fulfilling life You don't have to show riches, anyone knows there is. |After having a picture of the young hero, Nadej Kukimiya wearing a short-sleeved T-shirt. shorts Wearing a veteran motorcycle helmet appeared on social media, making it a huge buzz. Many people have come to tease that Nadej could make this motorcycle more expensive. In addition, many people came to admire the perfection of this hero, including Po Nattawut, who took a picture of Nadej to post and wrote a caption praising this younger hero, "Oh good, brother!! It has to be this way. You don't have to show riches, everyone knows that there are a lot of them. Show your fitness, easy to eat, easy to live. I like it so much...........I got my brother's heart..nadud!!! "SPONSORED" Nadej himself came in and commented "Thank you" and myself. Mae Kaew herself posted this photo with the caption, "It reminds me of when I was a child. M.2.Loei I want monside. Mom said she would buy me the front wheels this year. Next year, I bought a rear wheel, and the baby cried a lot, bringing my mother to laugh until her stomach hardened 5555. #รักหนุ่มมอมอไซด์คนนี้ที่สุดดดด @kugimiyas".
Chipmunk Supaksorn dusted back to the movies in 15 years, liking the role of his mother in the movie 'She and Me and Me'.|chipmunk supaksorn chaimongkol A talented heroine who loves the role of a mother in the movie She and Me and Me movies romantic love camp GDH "The day GDH contacted me to cast as a mother, Yoo and Mi Chipmunk were very interested, I liked the script a lot, I wanted to play it a lot, when I knew we were playing, I was very happy. The first day I went to the workshop, I knew the script was difficult because we had been abandoned for a long time, but with the chipmunk motherhood already quite involved in family and siblings. This scene was a chipmunk crying from the workshop because we had 2 kids too. Thanks to GDH for making such a cute movie. This story For those who haven't seen it yet, you can watch it today in theaters"SPONSORED' You and Me and Me'. A love movie that takes you back in time to experience our three 'first love'. Produced by 'Tong Banjong Pisanthanakul' with twin directors 'Wanwaw-Waewwan Hongwiwat' starring 'Baipo Thitiya' 'Anthony Buiseret' and 'Chipmunk Supaksorn Chaimongkol' are in theaters today.#She and Me and Me#YOUandMEandME
Fans are heartbroken, Ov Pongsak announces singles, starts over, life must continue to fight.|He is a talented singer and actor for Aof Pongsak Rattanapong. He went into crazy love mode. Friends and fans alike have come forward to comment on the tease, but it seems like this love is over. When Aof posted an IG Story with a black background with a sad message, he wrote, "Official annoucement... Oh, she's good (red heart emoji)", "Go bisexual Start a new life" and "Go to the doctor, get medicine so you don't get distracted"Although Aof Pongsak's love is over, many friends and followers are worried and go in to encourage Aof a lot.
Nick Wichian launches THE WAY Artist Intern Camp project, hoping to deliver Thai music to the global market|Brother Nick Wichian Rurkpaisan, pioneer, initiation and development The Thai music industry in all dimensions for more than 30 years has been behind the success of many recent artists. "Pee Nick" submitted the WAY Artist Intern Camp project to open the path of upskilling high school artists to the professional music industry with a platform to prove their skills, win prizes worth more than 2 million baht and real job opportunities www.TheWayArtistInternCamp.com. Your band High school has a lot of things we need to give advice. I want them to see what they should do if they want to work professionally. My brother and my team will help develop them. What happened in this project is that everyone is not just competing, but competing, let's measure whether our band is good enough. If it's not good, fix it, at least all the bands that walked in our camp from day one to the last day. The WAY Artist Intern Camp project has real artists such as Om Pantapol Prasarnratchakit, Pat Rannaphan Sustainablepoonchai, Jai Ishnakorn Puengkiatsaram, Big Glasses Olarn Chujai and Oh Jesada Suktramon Camp Master to upgrade high school age to become the leading professionals in Thailand. Form a band and apply before anyone else. For more information, please contact Call Center : 097-231-0386 Email : thewayproject2023@gmail.com and LINE Official Account : @TheWayAIC
"Theer" was hit by "PP-Patchaya" in the water. Accused of molesting "Pam Suchanuch" in the drama Swan in Crow Cage EP.12|The intense drama "Swan in the Cage of Crows" is gaining a huge popularity with EP10 grabbing a rating of 4.5. Hopefully, it will resonate with viewers nationwide, especially fans of Channel 7HD, who are delighted that "Swans in Cage Crows" has received such a good response!!!SPONSORED"Swan in Cage Crows continues to be intensely and fun in every episode. Add color to this drama by sending a character like Atidej played by Theer Wanichanandada into the life of Emika (Ice Nathasa), which viewers must keep an eye on to see how good or bad Atidej will turn out. It's an extraordinary flirtation. It can be said that even the body molested Bhagaporn (Pam Suchanuch) until an unexpected event occurred !!! the story came to the time when Bhagaporn brought Atidej to sit by the pool. The maid brought water to serve, but Atiporn did not flirt with Cherry, when Cherry walked away, Atidej immediately molested Bhagaporn. My aunt (Di Padma) on the other side, Som enough (PP-Patchaya) came to see the incident, so he pushed Atidej into the water and repeatedly pushed into the water again. Emika knows what it's going to be like, so let's keep an eye out !!! the team uses luxury homes. In Panyaramintra village, the filming location is the home of Kamala (Ta Tungkamani) Ae-Kasama, the director is in front of the set, asking to rehearse the script for the actors first, starting with Pam and Theer. The talented organizer Frog-Papasra asked to play the role of acting coach. Pam Girl As an example of how to act like this molested, which Pam girl listened carefully and played this scene well, but when it was the turn of Phi Phi girl to pedal Young Theer into the water. This queue only has to pass because Young Theer must be wet all over, which before filming, the director shifts the pedal distance and to prevent accidents. Phi Phi Girl Must stick to the shoulders of the team. When everything is ready. Ego - Inscription The director, who was sitting in front of the monitor, ordered the camera to be moved. Each actor does his or her job very well. Young Theer who gives Phi Phi Girl Pedal yourself with full force. So that the impact will go into the beautiful water, and then be pushed again. When the director ordered the cut, the team rushed to take it. Young Theer gets out of the water and shoots the next queue scene to watch the intense drama "Swans in the Crow's Cage". The event will be held on Monday, March 6, 2023 and every Monday-Friday at 6:45 p.m. on Channel 7HD. Watch TV press 35 live online BUGABOO.TV and online channels Facebook, IG, Twitter, TikTok : Ch7HD Website: www.ch7.com Mount Clear All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Netizens flock to guess the sex of their child, Patricia. After finding out that my mother had an allergic reaction.|It is another girl who is going to become a new mother in the coming months. For the young heroine, Patricia. Patricia's beloved wife, Good, posted a clip of Petricia via TikTok, stating, "Let's guess whether a woman or a man thinks women because you are so beautiful. She said that she had a stomach allergy but only one time, others were allergic to her stomach and wanted something sour. I want to eat only sweets, I love it the most." Netizens have also come forward to comment on the sex of Patricia's unborn baby. After learning that my mother has a stomach allergy and wants to eat only sweets, "Men, if you like sweets, men definitely like sweets, when we need to like sweets, we like sweets very much.
Page unfolds the hero's behavior, convulses in the middle of the pile, gets a chance but is undisciplined, prepares to change.|Although it is a weekend, the popular page Je Moy 108 still finds a story for netizens who like to eat taro to have something to do on holiday. Acting like a loud until the team finally poured up, seeing that he was going to change the hero. Even though I used to act unlovable, instead of having a chance to get better, uh#กูบ่นลิยลอย #อิพิมเมียทนายเจมส์" after the page unfolds, the behavior of the hero acting like a loud out. This event also has many netizens commenting such as "hero!!!, Why do you think of your ex-boyfriend? He's that new hero, waiting for the knower, the awakened, the joyful, the size of the tt scroll, can't find it, can't finish reading. When I saw the word "convulse in the middle of the pile", I was shocked."
Gypsy Kirti reveals the words that sounded hurtful, and Nicholas was called by a man.|Dating for 4 years, love is finally ripe for the bride and groom for Gypsy Kirti, who is about to marry her foreign boyfriend. Nicholas Haw on September 24, 2023, the couple planned that the wedding would take place at the romantic seaside, a place that both Gypsy and Nick liked very much. For the first time in an interview with Mirror Thailand, Gypsy opened up about the memories about the farang wife that people outside looked at. Gypsy said: "I've been looking at this a lot in the past. We were women, we were Asians, we were Thais, we were celebrities too. Of course, mistress. The first thing that hit me was "curry", so I put it on my face at that time, because I had a rather outward disposition, a straight talker, expressing myself as myself. Thai people quite think that SPONSORED force remembers that there is an issue of skin color because in the past we had a very white skin color and then there would be a blurry look, it was our sales image, but who we really are, we are this kind of person. And then one day we meet someone who really promotes and loves who we are. He supported us all, we were very people who liked to go to the sea, liked tan a lot. He likes white people because beautiful white Thai women are cute people, but when he got together with Nick, he knew what we liked, what kind of person we liked, knew that we liked tanned skin. He was supportive. People like to misunderstand the stereotype image like, "Now gypsy has a boyfriend, so he needs a tan. So he had to sunbathe", I'm sorry, I had to bathe before I met Nick again, but before I went to bathe, I had to go to the theater, and my boyfriend at that time liked white, came back, I had to be white tending, not that I liked white, and now I like tan. It wasn't, but when I met Nick. He let us be free the way we liked, and then Yip took less drama, made a channel, did something more that really owned us, so we didn't have to go back to a platform where it had the same stereotypes as social standards as before, but now it's changed a lot. People admit that the difference in skin color is beautiful, gypsy is glad that people are more open to asking how much gypsy is a celebrity affected by their relationship. Gypsy said the people who were affected a lot were probably Nicholas. He said that most of them are called "gypsies", never been called names. Oh, Gypsy, no one has ever called me by name, the one thing I've been affected about is who I am. No matter where you go. People don't know if I speak Thai or understand Thai, so I often hear a lot of gossips. I RARELY TAKE NEGATIVE IMPACTS, BUT I can see them positively.
Belle Girly Berry Out-of-industry boyfriend wedding The bride was crying.|After Belle Girlly Berry or Monya Limsatien was attacked by her out-of-business boyfriend Win Inthara on her knees late last year, she was forced to resign. After the couple had been dating for 3 years. On the afternoon of today (March 5, 2023), which was a good day for the couple, Belle and Win joined hands for the wedding ceremony at Ob Ratchaphruek, where the atmosphere of their wedding was simple but warm, with family and friends to witness the beginning of their marriage. The beautiful bride couldn't hold back her tears, cried out, and the groom wiped away the tears. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to congratulate Belle and Win again.
Look at the dress that the prawns will swim across the Chao Phraya River.|After the previous Kung Ploy Kanittarin Patcharapakdeechote or Tik Big Brother, ex-wife of Young Sarram Theppitak has joined the MP and has made it clear that she will swim across the Chao Phraya River. Ang Thong province to collect money from the government for the latest flood relief in 2022 for angthong brothers and sisters. Prawn Ploy has revealed a clip of swimming practice in the pool wearing a colorful swimsuit with the caption "Practice. Wear this swimsuit. Cross the Chao Phraya River in Ang Thong province. Confident, confident, 100% fit Cr The manager shoots for the figure to be the heroine, but my heart is the hero." SPONSOREDThe posted by Ganitharin Pacharapakdeechoda (@mama.veeji)SPONSORED
"Bird-Thongchai" conveys 5F cultural charm, the song "Tears in Tears"|Ministry of Culture (Ministry of Culture) Bird-Thongchai McIntyre was launched as an influential figure in conveying Thai identity to the public through the music video for the song "Fon Tears", one of the works under the THAI 5F SOFT POWER project. Muay Thai and Thai Traditional Festival with images of communication and campaign spots through public relations media covering all dimensions. To create opportunities to create economic value for Thailand and generate income for the country. By Mr. Influence, you're happy The Minister of Culture presided over the press conference to unveil the music video for the tearful song. Bird-Thongchai McIntyre under the THAI 5F SOFT POWER project at the LOBBY floor of GMM Grammy Place SPONSORED by Bird-Thongchai "As a Thai person, Bird is proud of our culture that is as beautiful as any other nation in the world. Follow the music video for the tearful song via YouTube GMM Grammy Official, Facebook : GMM Grammy, Facebook : Bird Thongchai.
"Kan Naphat" Long singles, the news flows, no girl dares to approach, calms down on love.|It's been a long time since I've been single. After the young "Kan-Naphat Injai-uea" encountered many dramas until now cutting off that no girl dares to come to each other, opening up at the press conference of the concert "4 podium vs. 3 peck #อสรพิษมิตรร้าย" at the Grammys. Let's start by meeting face to face, how to ask about love. How are you doing now?", single, completely single, I told everyone (laughs) to everyone who didn't dare to come to me, "What do you think they are afraid of?", whoa, who would dare to come to me? Look, there are only headlines about love that are like, let's break up this person, this is a nude like this, there's only bad things. No one dares to approach me anyway, "Like we cut it?", had to create a new history. History must not be repeated, history must change"Besides news stories, do you think there is anything else that makes no one dare to enter? "SPONSORED, SHOW THAT WE OURSELVES ARE AWARE OF THE TREND ON SOCIAL MEDIA?"OH, WHEN THE NEWS CAME DOWN, THE HEADLINES CAME OUT, AND I FLINCHED, "NORMALLY WE ARE NOT SINGLE FOR SO LONG?", THIS TIME IT WOULD BE SERIOUS. Open your heart to us first and be comfortable. We can talk about everything, understand each other and each other, accept each other"Like we think the news affects the decision of the people who will come in?"Yes, sir"Has there ever been a case? Like this one, we like it, but because the news doesn't go on?", there used to be some people who came to talk and I pushed back first, don't listen to other people, don't believe the news. I'm a good person," said our mother, who was very fond of her son. How are you doing now?", he asked if there would be anyone, aged 32-33, and wanted to give it a try in case the future to have a good partner. "There are some times that are lonely, but I understand that someday there will be people who are really right, it takes time, and now we may not have this horoscope." No questions to ask each other. Undoubtedly in each other. As for the appearance, it hasn't changed much", so the next person to date is to be a really certain person?", of course. I want to have a family, I want people to cook for him to eat, I want to take care of him, and I want him to take care of us. My friend always shows off his girlfriend on social media?", "It's almost unfollowed, but since he's a better person, he's still better (laughs)."
"COOLive" Big Statement Serving 4 Music Phase 4 Concerts all year round|Good news for music fans that #โตมากับอาร์เอส misses and looks forward to when Hyeh-Surachai Chetchotisak, Chief Executive Officer of RS Group, and Mr. Prin Muensuksaeng, Chief Business Officer of Radio Coullisum. COOLive PHENOMENON under the concept of #inCOOLsiveExperience is a delightful activity throughout 2023, starting with COOLfahrenheit, inviting listeners to host 4 music festivals in all 4 seasons in a cool way, with performances from over 33 bands, including "COOLfahrenheit and Thai Crab Crispy Dough Present COOL Summer Fest 2023", a seaside music festival with the famous artists "STAMP/URBOYTJ/TWOPEE SOUTHSIDE/WAII/NO ONE ELSE/PIXXIE/BAMM and SLAPKISS" on Saturday, April 22, at cha-am beachfront. Followed by "COOL Rainy Fest" on Saturday, July 1 at Suan Phueng, Ratchaburi. "COOL URBAN FEST" on Saturday, September 16 in Bangkok, ending with "COOL WINTER FEST" on Saturday, November 25 in Khao YaiSPONSORED, COOLive serves 4 big concert phenomena, including "D2B 22nd ANNIVERSARY CONCERT 2023" on Saturday, August 5 at IMPACT ARENA, Muang Thong Thani, another party concert "Kamikaze Party Reunion" on Saturday, October 14 at IMPACT ARENA, Muang Thong Thani and "RS MEETING MEETING VENTURE CONCERT CONCERT 2023" on Saturday, December 16 at IMPACT ARENA, Muang Thong Thani, as well as the concert of the year to find the playlist you miss in "COOLfahrenheit with Ampol Food Presents RS HITS JOURNEY CONCERT 2023 #ต้นปี...to hits". Meet raptors, elevator-oy, James, voy, touch, tao, loud, pan, wu, ford, lydia, fai (AMFINE), ae (PINK), fluk (steam)" with Hidden Tracks surprise Saturday, May 27, IMPACT ARENA Muang Thong Thani opens on April 1. Artists such as Dan-Beam D2B, Dam-Phatradnai, Wai-Panthisa, Gibsy-Giftsa-Bell, Girly Berry, Ford-Sobchai, Dang-Pankorn, Pan-Thanaporn, Raptor, Tao-Somchai, Lift-Oy show hits Follow coolive concerts and events on www.coolism.net
Shocked 3rd child raises herself as the world's longest-pumping woman (Clip)|Still, many people will be delighted. After the handsome father-of-three, Navin Thaar, showed off an ultrasound clip of his third child via his Instagram account with the caption "Magical moment". His wife also posted an ultrasound of her 3rd unborn child with the caption, "Come on, 1 more mom, very shocked, can't stand up, dad is glad to be crying at home, @navintar should be the longest pumping woman in the world, until now still pumping, 6 years, another 10 years@navintar."
Sarram Getting a strong comment after prawns posted a clip playing with the baby with a clipped message|As many people know, Kung Ploy Kanittarin or Tik Big Brother will have time to spend with their children as agreed with their ex-husband. Young Sarram It's a story that he's trying to demand more time with his children. Prawn Ploy posted a clip of her playing with her daughter. Viji, who is in a playful cute age, but the caption seems to be a cut, "I miss you so much, my heart will be broken, but my mother only has one word: patience. My mother's life is over. Some minds about this one story. Other children are all important except for the mother," said one netizen. Young Sarram IT'S QUITE STRONG, "SARRAM, IT'S BLACK-HEARTED, YOU CAN FORGET EACH OTHER, IT SEEMS BETTER, THAT'S CRAZY AGAIN, IT'S UNACCEPTABLE TO SEE A MOTHER AND SON LOVE EACH OTHER, STRANGE REAL PEOPLE."
Jazz Chuan Chuen Entry I found a girl who posted a video of her putting her breasts on her face.|Sit still, but get back to work for Jazz Chuan Chuen who has a clip of Nun. Sutthipha The girl on TikTok posted a clip of her walking to sue. Jazz's wife, Jang Punnasa, said she saw Jazz rubbing her shoulders on her breasts, and she asked back, "Why don't you stop it?" Who was sitting on the set of the movie. Tiger 1 and Jang asked how it was done, nuns made a flirtatious gesture to jazz SPONSORED, and Jazz replied that he didn't. Why don't you deny him, Jazz says it's a channel, don't believe it, and Nunn argues that it's not true, the channel is very wide, and he's standing. This works. He hit jazz and asked, do you like it? Jazz didn't know how to argue, so he admitted that he liked it and laughed, and the clip has been viewed more than 7 million times and has a lot of comments. Many people who come to see it want to know. Nun Suttipa is ready to tease Jazz and Jaeng that his wife is making a pearl slap.
Dimpled cheeks, regretted being gunned down until the drama was removed, resentful as if stepping on the face. |From a famous villain, she has now become a YouTuber and sells online alongside herself. As for Priyada Siddhachai, it must be said that now Dent Cheeks has a lot of fans. He recounts the events of the past, when one of the heroines was withdrawn from the drama, which made many people want to know who it was. Dimpled cheeks wielded with Pete Kantaporn Han commercial At the Grand opening of Kasemrad Plastic Surgery By Bujeong, where cheeks dimpled came as presenters, the couple updated about the future and this point, saying that Pete "just turned 4 years old, happy every day. Now I'm dropping the jar." "Pete, "What kind of surprise would we ask for a wedding, let's not tell, and ask where we are, how we plan, how we live, we already have a plan, we have already bought land, near the house we are in. Almost 2 rai of land"Cheeks dimpled "Our house is ok because Pete gets along well with adults"SPONSORED recalls the story told on the show? "Honestly, I didn't want to talk about it at all, but on the show talking about the beginning of online sales, so I went back to why I didn't play the drama. The next day he has more media than me, I can't respond to him. I'm going to itchy my mouth, "Are you still hooked on that person? "No, I was with you today, my life is much better now, not that I worked badly in the industry, but before I was an actor, a villain, nobody liked the villain very much, but one day we came out and showed what we were, people started to love more. People know me better, but I've never been a presenter before. Now there are 4-5 of them, life is better, thanks to him more than to make me better", but at that time he said, "I'm sorry, like being stepped on my face?" Pete, he knows (laughs)." "I've heard of it, but somebody has to ask him (smiling)." It may be an easy feeling, but I just want to say that I've never done anything to anyone, so why do you do it? "I haven't worked in the entertainment industry lately, but I'm online. I can't find anyone but my cell phone (do I see him online a lot?) No, most of the time, I can see myself and Pete. I don't see his face online as much as I do (do we have more media space than him?). I've never said that (smiling)"Is that not wanting to unfold? "Because I think it's past that point, it's just what he asked us, and we didn't know how to get the news, that we weren't working in the industry, so we had to tell the truth. One part of me may be deeply resentful, but the other part feels like I'm talking well, but I've said it, sometimes I told him to cut it off, but he forgot to cut it off, so that's okay." "I'm sorry, I cried. Frankly, it's a bit painful because it's like our place, it's our home, it feels like we're being insulted, but I have to say that it's not about the camp or the affiliation we're in. It's just the person who does this, and we understand everything, how we love, how we love it, how we love it." "Honestly, I'm lazy to wake up early, just like someone took a picture of me for commercial use, and he asked me how to take it, and I said I don't know. I work online, I'm happy, I want to wake up whenever I wake up, I can be with my family, with my parents, seeing my grandchildren and having fun. IF WE GO TO WORK, WE WILL BE OPPRESSED AT ANY TIME, WE DON'T KNOW, WE WILL MEET GOOD PEOPLE, WE WILL MEET BAD PEOPLE, WE WILL SIT DOWN MENTALLY." Who are we talking about? "Karma, who karma, I didn't hurt anyone (is that right to guess?). I don't talk, because I talk a lot and I'm responsible (laughs). I've never hurt anyone, but I wouldn't say more. Life is very good now. We don't have to pay attention to that anymore. It's just an issue that was brought up to have something to say on the show because there was no drama to present him (laughs)." "I have a lot of work to clear, but if I have 2 episodes, then it's time to walk the mall during the day, not at night, not in the forest, not in the provinces, not waking up very early. If the script is good, we want to play it, but nowadays we play fake plays on the live page all the time. It's fun. Life is colorful, happy, not uphill. Not exposed to the sun. Not hot. Nothing. If anyone misses it, go watch me live. I've been living for hours," did someone contact me to play with my mom? "I'm not very comfortable working with my mom (laughs), I'm afraid my mom hasn't told me, but she's hot (some people say we go to Mae Dang Island?). I made my mom (laughs)."
Anchili changed her view on obesity. Each person's beauty values are different.|Obesity can be an individual issue, and it's a global problem where the patient's life is at stake. On World Obesity Day, the Thai Homeless Network, the Royal College of Physicians of Thailand and the Diabetes Association of Thailand joined forces with Novo. Nordisk Pharma (Thailand) Co., Ltd. held a talk on "Let's talk about obesity" on Saturday, March 4, 2023 at Eden Zone, 3rd floor, Central World Shopping Mall. Many people worry that being fat equals being unattractive simply because people's standards of beauty are limited to thinness. Anchili Scott Kemmis, Miss Universe Thailand 2021, sees that the values of the word beautiful may be different for each person. "Ann will not only look at BMI or BMI, but will also look at the amount of muscles in the body. "There are many formulas that are becoming popular, such as keto, IF, etc. For some, it may be a good result, but in the long run. Dr. Dr. Sirakarn It is tempting to think that "a good approach must be unconditionally good, such as eating the right amount of 5 food groups and under the close control of doctors and dietitians".
Bella informs Instagram manager is closed After posting the latest photo. Beware of impersonations|Many people have been wondering for a long time why Bella Rani Campen's personal manager Pee Ploy's Instagram has disappeared. After posting a picture and a message saying "Read social media and get numb, let's take a vlog, let's take mom on a trip"After there was a drama about Bella because the heroine group M. has opened up the issue of Mount Moy people in the entertainment industry Until netizens dig up old clips to share on social media And there is a lot of talk about this But recently, many people were suspicious Because the actress posted an IG Story informing her about her Instagram to know that "IG Pee Ploy (Bel's manager) was informed to disable Instagram : @Ployyyyy on Friday. I'm currently trying to get back to you. If there are any acts or impersonations that come from Ploy's IG, please be careful. Now I can't use my own ig and if I can use it again. I'll let you know..."
scallion Sakuntala announces that he may not be close to 4 celebrity friends and reveals the reason|I have to admit that at this point, leeks Sakuntla, the most bang that he couldn't hold back. After he plays the role Sa in the drama The Best of the Hearts that just left the screen. The drama was also praised by fans for its performance. And this drama also makes Boy-Hom a jin couple again. Gaining 4.3 million followers on Instagram, Leek took his Instagram head and wrote in his heart that it had "the most dramatic effect of the heart. The next story with "Vengeance" This story is the ugliest of my life. Where do you get your confidence and trust? Read the script and agree. Well, it's not beautiful, the makeup artist is too much to dress, saku doesn't have any beauty. 5555 this year, wait and see. This drama, when it ends, may not be close@boy_pisanu @rusameekae @dj_matoom @djdada these guys are 555555555"After Leek announced that he may not be close to his 4 fellow actors. At this event, Boy Phitsanu came in and commented, "Hmmm." Meanwhile, Radhakrishnan commented that "Dare you", while DJ Quince and DJ Dada will comment on how to respond to their friends. Stay tuned for sponsored
Shining Nadej makes merit for a new house, emphasizing the simple style of Isan Ban Hao (clip) |After throwing in the money earned with strong water. Build a new home for the family for the young hero Nadej Kukimiya. The new house was completed, the interior decoration was already carried with bags, and today it is a beautiful day, Nadej and Mae Kaew Sudarat, together with their elderly relatives, so they made merit to build a new house in a simple way according to the Isaan style, which is not very rare nowadays. On his Instagram, he wrote a caption that read, "Good luck with auspiciousness... Full rice, glutinous rice, rice, full water. Full bag of money Sugarcane tree The largest jackfruit, green hatchery, broken gold, green beans, white sesame seeds, leeks, garlic, salt, plenty of room, son, mother, brothers and sisters. DAD," SPONSORED AND, BESIDES, MAE KAEW CONTINUED TO BLESS HER BELOVED SON, SAYING, "GLAD TO BRING YOU SO MANY....MAY YOU BE COOL AND HAPPY. Every breath, every breath." "Good luck to you." "Joy to my son with a strong rest. "This event has friends in and out of the entertainment industry. Come in and congratulate Nadej's new house, which he built from his own strong water. Congratulations again. 
Nat Panayangkur Open your heart to leave the industry because you are not yourself and unhappy.|Singer Madhya Pradesh Nat Panayangkur Open your heart after leaving the music journey to work in conservation and tell about why you left the industry because there was no happiness. I don't have the confidence to sing and I'm afraid of my own singing. On WOODY FM today, Nat Panayangkur was one hundred percent myself?Yes, how did I enter the industry when I was 17?, how did I get into The Star? Whether it's working or being with people. It allows us to see all dimensions of human functioning and to understand whether to please them to pay attention to us in life. The main thing is that it is not 100% self-centered, but also extreme. It comes from people who don't follow the entertainment industry at all. THERE WAS NO TV IN THE BEDROOM, NO TV IN EVERYDAY LIFE, SO WE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT IT WAS LIKE, SPONSORED AND WHY I DECIDED TO GO TO THE CONTEST BECAUSE I LIKED TO SING AND THEN FADED AWAY. When I left the entertainment industry, I felt relieved, I wanted to find a good balance with living in this industry. I will continue to work in this industry because I feel that in the past, there may not be a balance in living openly about anything that is too personal. We may be uncomfortable, so we step back and find a balance for each other, feeling happier. When there's a good balance, we're in the industry. Sometimes we indulge in a lot of things that happen, because life is so fast. Every working day, every day I see a lot of people. There's a lot going on. Sometimes we can't come back to understand who we really are, what we want to do, and what goals we have in this life, when we start asking questions, when we start to feel unhappy, working every day, but feeling like we don't know what to do, who to do it for, and how to make things better? Yes, we sing to make people happy. It makes people happy, but other than that? What deeper is that? The fact that we were singing. Does it make the world better? Do we make an impact bigger than happiness and what do you decide next? There is a platform that people who know people to follow, should use this to give it more than just happiness. Awareness of important things, such as knowing oneself Understanding ourselves like we've been through, or whether there's ever been an environment that we don't like and are forced to do or choose when we're in a new industry, when we're under contract, but it all I feel like it teaches us that it's important to work here. Can't say I want to do this, I have to. We have to listen to other people, listen to the team, listen to the people who are investors to us. There used to be a time when we only had negative talk about it, we felt it didn't make things better. Only negative energy emissions. It doesn't make us better. Is there only the saddest problem in life? When we sing, sometimes we have to sing as he trains, as he says. Do we use muscles in the neck? When we keep singing, the muscles remember, it is a muscle memory, it makes our voice when singing, it changes, from since childhood, we like to sing a lot, like to listen to ourselves, take a shower, sing, drive, sing, it turns out that we do not dare to sing at all, afraid of our own voice, it is like a wound in the heart about raising our voices, because we are afraid of singing ourselves, it is a long time, just solved a few years ago. For almost 10 years, every time I had to sing, I felt unsure, I felt like I wasn't singing because I had to love myself a lot and forgive myself, not just forgive others, but forgive myself for changing my voice. Many of you may not be used to forgiving yourself, right? But this is something that's very important. Because if we can forgive ourselves. You can say love to yourself, and then you can share this with others. BECAUSE IF WE CAN'T DO THIS TO OURSELVES, WE CAN'T DO IT TO OTHER PEOPLE. Now I'm happy, and one of the things that helps a lot is singing karaoke with my friends (laughs). When there was no camp, we had to do everything ourselves, and then it got to a point where when we went abroad we had to do everything ourselves, and then there was burnout, because it was too exhausting. After that, I returned to art and talked about energy. About treatment, breathing When we get to a certain point, it feels like we're starting to fill up, and I feel like we're healing other people to a certain extent, so I feel like we want to communicate about the environment as well, because once we get to a certain point, it feels like it's all related. Today, there are two main projects that are being done: a platform called HIGH ON YOUR OWN SUPPLY, a non-profit, our goal is to connect people with themselves and connect people with nature.
Ning Panita The post promotes the show, but is the caption suspicious to anyone?|After Ning Panita spoke out about his family, he admitted that he was having problems and finding solutions. Many of the people who followed came to support Ning, and Ning posted a clip promoting the show he was hosting, with the caption, "This tape must be watched. If you want to flirt, you should have a code of conduct. 20 years of love! Even kissing the show in the middle of the show. And the first time I opened up, I almost missed out on investing in gray business! Monday, March 6, 2019 On Channel One31 at 13.15, "This work has taken many people who follow the song because of the caption in the sentence "This tape must be watched. If you want to flirt, you should have a code of conduct." It's like telling someone or not, and people who follow them comment that he's flirting but he's very respectful of his wife, zap, must see, don't miss anyone who has a husband to poke.
Kong Huai Rai meets FC to reclaim contract Man Utd lose to wear Reds shirt for 1 month|Shocking ghost children all over the world. After Liverpool Anfield beat Manchester United 7-0 to move three points clear at the top of the Champions League. Next season, this event took Kong Huai Rai even with weak knees. Because before the game starts. He posted a confident message on Facebook and declared: "Man Utd beat Liverpool tonight. If Man Utd lose tonight. I'm going to wear a red shirt, play consert for 1 month", and then the fans who followed came to tease each other a lot, saying, are you ready to wait? And then during the match. Kong posted the score non-stop, from 3-0 to 7-0 when the Reds beat the Red Devils. Before Kong fulfilled his promise, he posted a picture of himself in a red shirt for Liverpool Football Club with the caption "Don't be disappointed cheering early in the evening". It's 555, screaming. It came out. Scream, scream, because it's fake news. Wear it for 1 month, don't forget, add more shirts. You have to wear a concert for 1 month, 1 month to wear a Liverpool shirt, 1 month to wear a Liverpool shirt55, is it because of you kong?555, Not really disappointed, crumpled 5555 etc.
"Tao-Sethapong" leads a team of child stars to film a fun comedy "Ghosts are ghosts".|Filming is almost finished with the movie "Ghost Is Ghost" by Pichai Noirod and new director Not-Montarmanan Purivisit. A fun-watching comedy, stress-free, creative concept, a plot about a millionaire son (Yoong Smiling) naughty, can't play, the story goes hidden on the pickup truck of Duang (Inter Rungrada) (Mario Jok) Cotton (Candy Supapass) who, when he finished his errand, drove away in a pickup truck. The millionaire was afraid his son would be in danger, so he told everyone who followed his own son to give ten million. When the car stops, the little man (Captain Pannapat) is startled, causing Duang Fai and Crooked to panic, so the little man asks to stay with him and does not say who he is. Little man, find a story of chaos. Tao-Sethapong and Kwan-Kachasorn are millionaire house detectives, so they have to find and catch the talented child star. Watch "Ghosts" in theaters Coming soon.
The rhythm of it can be longan, golden jar. Dancing on stage but blown by a fan until the skirt opens (clip)|He is a talented singer who, no matter where he goes to play concerts, has fans following him until the concert tickets are almost full everywhere for Longan Haithong or Ai Suphansa Vejgama. On TikTok of Longan, he often posts his work while playing concerts in various places, each of which has received hundreds of thousands of views, and fans who follow have commented on the cuteness of longan, but there is a clip where longan is dancing on stage, and below it there is a fan located to open it to the singers on stage, so that it does not get very hot while singing at the moment that longan is dancing twerk, which is a personal pose. The fan below that is being turned on blows, causing the skirt to open until longan has to turn to scold with the caption "Fan betrayed.1" This event, fans who followed who saw the clip came to comment a lot, along with teasing that who put the fan in front of the fan like that, and then dancing in front of the fan, like the skirt, very bright costumes, all the cute dresses, 555 fans know a lot of work, what dress is really beautiful, oh yes, all the cute dresses are really suited to her, etc. People have viewed longan's TikTok with over 23.8 million views.
"Bank" Invite to audition for E29 artists to raise the standard of Thai music|After "Bank-Chindanai Phuwakul" became the manager of E29 MUSIC IDENTITIES, launched the first artist "Angie-Thiticha", the response was very good, recently "Bank-Chindanai " announced that it is ready to create new artists to bolster the E29 MUSIC IDENTITIES label, as well as raise the standard of the Thai music industry to grow at the global level. "THIS YEAR, THE E29 MUSIC IDENTITIES LABEL IS READY TO FIND TALENTED ARTISTS. Both Thais and foreigners have auditioned to show their potential without limits, which is the first step in elevating the music industry to international growth in accordance with the goals of the camp. I would like to invite you who are talented in music, whether it is singing. dancing Playing music as a band comes up a lot. If you have an outstanding track record through selection, we will be able to work together and have the opportunity to sign with our record label." Applications are open from 9 March to 9 April 2023. Apply at www.e29musicidentities.com
"Fleeing the City" served "37-year-old concert Asni and Vasant".|Escape Krung Connect, a concert organizer who specializes in rock concerts, embraced the rock line with a concert that rock legs awaited the whole country with the return of two musical brothers. Asni-Vasant Chotikul At the concert, 37-year-old Asni and Vasant Endorsed by Rattharong Srilertlakrung Connect, the organizer revealed, "When it comes to the loudness of Asni-Vasant, no one will deny that there are many hits and famous songs from the past. We had a meeting with my brother about the ideas for this concert to be different from every time. All the highlights of this concert Get ready for a special new song to listen to at the same time. All the hits of the album that everyone can sing along to, together with a special guest with 3 good girls who have never met a mother like Masha. Wattanapanich, Mai Charoenpura and Am-Saolak come to jam fun for fans and special on the occasion of the 37th anniversary of the concert, all concert tickets receive a limited edition souvenir, a special edition pickup with the signatures of Asni and Vasant! IMPACT Arena Tickets go on sale on Wednesday, March 8, 2023. At all ThaiTicketMajor branches or www.thaiticketmajor.comSPONSORED
Ning Panita Q. Can a man flirt with a woman and break up with his wife?|It must be admitted that Peck Sanchai is another person who is known for flirting until his beloved wife, Thanya Thanyaret, must be given the nickname. But recently, Peck Sanchai has opened another corner that is rarely seen with the crazy mode of loving wife, which he admits to loving Tanya very much and at some point in the interview. Ning Panita, who served as the host, raised the question with a heartfelt question: Q Real, flirtatious men who are heavily addicted to women. PECK RESPONDED TO NING'S QUESTION WITH HIS OWN FIRSTHAND EXPERIENCE: SPONSORED, HE THOUGHT. Let's say it's a brother. What kind of thinking do you think of Tanya, we think we can't live without this woman, or if we want to be a family like this, we would have chosen to do this. With a momentary obsession or whatever, it could ruin our lives altogether. And I'm going to lose this woman, which I'm not going to lose? If you allow it to be wasted, it's been a long time since (smiling). It's going to be good tonight, Tanya, do you have to arrange it tonight? Tanya: What's the matter, how do you smell him on the cheek? Tanya: Shy baby: Is it okay to kiss your lips?
Benz Punyaporn posted a picture of her boyfriend's debut couple. |There are quite a few sweet moments with young sweethearts to see on social media. When will there be a couple photos to see? For the hottest and talented actress Benz Punyaporn Poonpipat, the latest one did not let go long when the couple posted a picture of their boyfriend while watching the final match between Manchester United and Newcastle United. AFTER SEEING THE PICTURE, THERE WERE FRIENDS IN THE INDUSTRY, NETIZENS AND FANS WHO CAME TO COMMENT ON THE CUTENESS OF BENZ PUNYAPORN AS WELL.SPONSORED
Peck Sanchai made a good request for the wife prize in the middle of the show. Tanya came to kiss the show.|Because Peck Sanchai is willing to turn on the mode to show his love for his wife Sri. Tanya Thanyaret on the talk show is ready to answer the questions that have been made by Tanya and many women. When Peck answered the question about flirting men that Ning Panita had asked if it was true, the flirtatious men who were heavily attached to women. It was really addictive to break up with his wife, and Peck answered Ning's question with his own direct experience of what he thought. Let's say it's a brother. What kind of thinking do you think of Tanya, we think we can't live without this woman, or if we want to be a family like this, we would have chosen to do this. Or whatever, it could ruin our lives altogether. And then I lost this woman, SPONSORED, who wouldn't you want to lose this woman? If you allow it to be wasted, it's been a long time since (smiling). Tanya: Aye baby, shy baby: kiss your mouth (grab Tanya's face and kiss him, make the host scream on the show)
Not a guy in the double photo "Min" status is now single.|The latter was buzzing when the young heroine "Min-Pechaya Wattanamontri" Admittedly, there is a special guy now, and I have posted a picture of that special guy sweet couple in a blurry way, making many people guess. The name of the young hero "Win-Methwin Opas iam Khajon" because he worked together at this event, Win made it clear with a Taiwanese media drama dissatisfied with the 4 F4 Thailand actors until it became a drama, which GMMTV agency has already clarified that it is a misunderstanding in communication. THE ARTIST UNDERSTANDS THAT EARLY ON IT IS STILL A PREPARATORY PHASE, AND HAS NOT YET BEGUN SHOOTING AND INTERVIEWING, SO THERE IS A SNACK EATING DURING THE WAITING PERIOD, SO I HAVE TO ASK Vin about the drama that has occurred?"All the things that have happened in the camp have been clarified, according to the clarification."On our part, we have already cleared up, right?"Yes, because before the clarification, there was already a consultation meeting that was entirely in accordance with it."SERIOUS OR STRESSED ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED?", "SERIOUSLY, SIR. Sirius, of course, because we're trying to do our best. We'll keep getting better and better."See that there is a single fan meetup?"Yes, sir. There is a single fan meet in Indo. Thank you so much to the fans because they are so cute. I'm very excited about that show and I'm trying to create a new show that fans have never seen before." I don't know. I didn't see the picture. (smiling) "Syria, do people misunderstand a lot?" I don't know about "a lot of people?" I don't know yet, I'll say no, "What's our status?" There was a monk offering that we cast last year. This time, it was a consecration ceremony. I'm very happy, I don't think the fans will come together to do so much. I am very grateful to the fans who chose Wat Non Hua Chang Wanaram because it really took a very long time. Find a temple that hasn't flourished yet. People still have little access, and people have suggested that there is still a shortage of many things. The fans followed me to Chaiyaphum. The amount is about 200,000 baht. Thanks to everyone, there is a kitchen building. I'm waiting to see what project I can do next "What did you buy for yourself this year?" Haven't bought it yet. Ask what you want. I've said before that my wrist is open, I haven't bought it yet. (smiling) "Or can we say "Bright-Vajirawich" that the wrist is clear?", I have passed through a lot of media. I don't know if it's "need to be clearly stated?", it's too clear to lose manners, it's about size 16-17 (laughs). It's really anything, but my wrists are open (laughs). He hasn't given us a gift yet because he travels a lot, we travel a lot, so we haven't had a chance to meet yet. "The gift we gave him was extraordinary. I asked him for a long time what he wanted, waited for him, when he knew what he wanted, we were afraid he didn't like it, so we took what he liked, so we sent him a message to tell him what he wanted?" You can buy anything, it's too expensive."
This year's Valentine's Day, "Indie-InTouch", cuts to the heart, singles for the first year.|"Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
Gary Rossington, guitarist of the popular rock band Jacksonville. Florida, U.S.|Gary Rossington, the last remaining original guitarist of the band Linnerd Skinnerd. A popular rock band from Jacksonville. He died on March 5 at the age of 71. Rossington has had health problems for decades. Having had a heart attack in 2015, requiring emergency heart surgery in 2021, Linnerd Skinnerd released her first album in 1973. "Freebird" is a 9-minute long guitar solo. Rolling Stone magazine named Linnerd Skinnerd at number 95 on the list of the 100 greatest artists of all time in 2004 and entered the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006.
"Benj" "Oops" is the best relationship in life, never quarreling.|Life seems to fit perfectly, both the work that is now having the drama "Mani vengeful" on Channel 31, and the heart that is in love with the handsome news anchor from One News Agency Aof-Chainont. Hankirirat by Benj-Reviyanan Thakurd Opening up on the "Entertainment Talk Day" show on YouTube channel, he said: "I was impressed with him a lot, the relationship at this point, dare I say it's the best relationship I've ever been with, like it's in the right place at the right time. I haven't had a fight with him since dating. He used to say to Benj that he had never been in a relationship with anyone and had no quarrel. He himself was so puzzled by this relationship that it never quarreled. It's flat. Chill out and be happy, because he understands the context of our work. IT'S VERY RARE," HE SAID, "BENJ TAKES GOOD CARE OF HIM, AND HE ORDERS HIM FOOD?", "WHEN WE FEEL GOOD ABOUT SOMEONE, WE WANT TO TAKE CARE OF HIM. He's a very hard worker, a workaholic. He doesn't have time to take care of himself. We just felt like taking care of him, but there was no time to sit down and eat for 1-2 hours. We felt that if we chose to date this person, then we had to take care of him. To give an example, he is off work at 3 p.m., we are free, we choose to order food to be delivered to his house. He took good care of me, even though I didn't have time. Even if he doesn't have time, he wants to use this moment to answer us, at least he works, he still misses us, we feel that his work is going well. I want him to do his best, we're here to support." But let's be honest, if you look at it from the villagers' point of view, he knows, for Benj, at that point, now we can live with work, we want to sell more crafts, we don't want to sell jin couples, because we are not 30 years old, we will go to Jin with 15-16 years old, it is difficult, but if we can sell our craft. We're long." Don't care about other people, be arrogant, but really care about other people?"Benj wants to have good friends. Good environment If we want to have a group of friends, we should take care of them or make the environment as good as we are to be there. Especially if someone chooses to love or date, we have to give it to him. I'm a sincere person. If it's not good, I'm ready to tell him. My friend, if I make a mistake, I tell you. My friend will be angry, but I believe that it will at least make my friend think and really know what I want from him. If one day I do something wrong, I want it too. It's like a mirror of what kind of society we want. We should be like that, "Are we redeeming hearts?", there is a lot to give to the heart, but that's okay, at least we've already given it to him, because my mother taught me from a young age that if you want love, you have to be brave before we can get it back."
Beautiful Hack Ice Apisada Show off your perfect body after giving birth, recover your body and get ready to work.|Just gave birth to a daughter. Leia has been over a month for baby mom Ice Apisada, Ganges group. He has now returned to work mode. Ice posted a clip of herself in a gorgeous outfit with makeup and hair ready to get ready for work, with the caption "I can't get anything." Many people who saw the clip commented on the mother's perfection because both the figure and the face looked more radiant than before. Also, the figure of a mother who has just given birth. SPONSOREDTHIS WORK HAS ATTRACTED A LOT OF FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS, SUCH AS BOREDOM. Where is the belly, the mannequin has just given birth!!! Oh yes, it's been a month and a half, mommy!!!, Oh !!! MUM PUPPET, MOMMY PUPPET, LOOK AT YOUR BELLY, BABY IS 9, IT'S LIKE THERE'S ANOTHER PERSON, IS THIS A MANNEQUIN WHO HAS JUST GIVEN BIRTH RECENTLY?
Drama Summary BLACKPINK Lisa with tattoos is not suitable for public service. |From the case of BLACKPINK Lisa or Lisa Lalisa Manoban has been featured on the cover of the world's leading fashion magazine. Harper's BAZAAR was appreciated and congratulated by many Blinkers, but the event seemed to have good fans. Fans were excited about what Lisa had tattooed and wanted to see the full picture. It must be a beautiful tattoo. Many people also think that Lisa's tattoo is probably the "Edelweiss" pattern, the flower of Switzerland. However, it has not been determined whether Lisa's tattoo is a real tattoo or a tattoo sponsored This event has a netizen who has commented about Lisa's tattoo via Twitter, saying, "Beautiful smooth skin, why are Thai people considered bad women? Adults don't like it, especially government officials, and it's a cute idol for kids of all ages. The external appearance has an effect. But it's not so much about real people of the same age. #chaelisa Many Blink people who saw the message commented on the issue, saying that Lisa worked a single hour, earning more than a decade of Thai civil servants. Personal rights and preferences of others People shouldn't be judged by their appearance, such as "How many people earn Lisa 10-100 million a month and still work for a long time. Now, how many thousands, hundreds of millions, who will apply for thailand's civil service? That rich. I don't sign up for one???" , "Money him. His body. His rights. Why bother with his affairs? It helps to create a better quality of life for yourself, doesn't it?" , "She's his parents, he's not at all, it's his personal thing. We shouldn't be messing around. It's very bad manners." , "It's funny. Where did the world go? He's so rich that he's going to sit on a fifteen-thousand-dollar salary for, and most importantly, he doesn't have to mess with other people's bodies. His life, his life, his story, is about his worth." on the popular page Hot TicketWorldwide, which has over 1.4 lakh followers, commented on this, saying, "Blackpink Lisa has been criticized by Thai netizens for being a bad person. When I turned to see the famous Monk Geji in Thailand", and many people who followed came to comment on this issue.
Critics Olive Tokyo Butter Crisps After winning the Rising Star Artist Award |It is another person who can be active in the entertainment industry and has frequent news online for Olive Tokyo Butter Chips or Olive Aranya Abhayaso, who recently became a member of the contest committee. Miss Sexy Thailand, before the drama of criticizing the contestant's puppet, caused a backlash, and Olive herself withdrew from coaching. When Olive posted a photo of her receiving the Siam Akaradusdee Award for Rising Star Artist by Siam Mala namthai, the 2022 Person of the Year Gathering for the People of Thailand, held on March 6, Olive posted on her personal social media that "Thank you for the Siam Akaradusthi Artist Award for Social Service in the Category of Rising Star Actor Award". There was criticism and questions about what criteria were used to judge the award because Olive himself was not considered an artist, did not have a performance, and did not have clear social service activities. In addition to the social media trend of sexiness and the use of tone when speaking. There is also the issue of bullying others.
"Bele Pathumraj" opened the spectacular scene, shot by a gunman pulling the trigger in the middle of the stage. In "Love Song"|It's been a blast of music since EP 1 for the drama, love songs, and resentment. Channel 8 opened with the greatness of the show of the hero "Bele Pathumraj" in the song Pak Dog (but sincere) about the arm of the dancer "Aiya Areeya" to give happiness to the fans. The suspect then turned out to be "Kelly Thanapat", who stood and watched suspiciously. Behind the scenes, there will be a picture to see from SPONSORED as a scene at the concert of Pokorn (Bele Pathumraj), Sangpraw (Bai mulberry Kittiya) and Pikul (Joy Sirilak) followed by cheering on Pakorn at today's concert. Yupin (Aiya), who is the tail of Pokorn, is fully dressed. While everyone was enjoying the music, a gunman pulled the trigger and fired at him. Pikul fell into the middle of the stage, Pikul and Dazzling Light rushed to see Pakorn, Pikul turned to see Sang (Kelly Thanapat) who stood looking at him with shock. Pikul looked and thought that all this might be the workmanship of the light behind this scene. It opens with the grandeur of the concert stage. Bele has to show a cool song called It is a song that represents Bele Aye, representing Pakorn in the song Pak Dog (but sincere). Of course, this song is a fun song, so you have to have a dancer who is fully dressed, and one of the dancers is Aiya, who invested in rehearsing the choreography perfectly. Side Ble Vocals The dance story is a good way, but this work has to be played with the gun effect That must be attached to the shirt Ble said that it is secretly tumultuous Because the sound of the explosive effect is very loud So I have to rehearse the rhythm cue well with the joy team And mulberry At this event plays the role of the audience to encourage the young Bele Secretly whispering that when shooting the drama, listen to the dog's mouth song (but sincere) Until now singing and dancing can be enjoyed because it is very open, but the mood of both the singer and the audience must be adjusted. When Bele was shot, Kelly, who didn't have much to say, was chill because he was splashing in the inner circle that invited people to say, "Or is it the person who took the gun to shoot Babe? Watch together in the first episode of The Love Song, Wednesday, March 8, 2023, new time 18.00-19.00 on Channel 8, dial 27 and can be watched back at the first place at TrueID through 3 application channels, web and TrueID TV box. Watch for free on all networks. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Fashion 47 beautiful women "Miss Thailand 2023" collect Phatthalung province beautiful and stunned every day|The 47 beauty pageants of Miss Thailand 2023 in Phatthalung province have passed with the introverted period. In addition to the girls getting to experience the culture and learn about the old traditions of the enchanted locals, from the first day of introversion. What catches people's eyes is the dress of all the contestants who are beautiful in the style of Thai women, which every day the girls will wear dresses that represent the local culture of the local people. On the first day of the event (March 5, 2023), Miss Thailand contestants visited the city's main shrine. Phatthalung couple sacred things for auspicious purposes, as well as promoting the attractions of Phatthalung through activities to continue the charming Thai tradition. All the beauties wore contemporary local fabrics. Sponsored entered the second day (March 6, 2023) of the introverted activity, Miss Thai, a representative of the province wearing traditional fabrics, dressed in white, entered the temple to make merit and receive blessings from monks on The Magha Bucha Day at Wat Wang, as well as learn about local art and culture through the architecture of the temple built in the Rattanakosin period, and study the Buddhist history, which has been depicted in powder murals. Miss Thailand pageant organizes sun challenge to get hot air Welcome summer for the beautiful ladies to relax with "Nan Ant Daeng - Pa Payom White Rafting" amidst the rich and beautiful nature amidst the fun atmosphere and smiles of friendship from the Miss Thailand contestants who have gathered and arrived on the last day. (March 7, 2023) For the contestant's introverted activity, this morning the 47 beautiful ladies had a bright morning. After experiencing the local way and greeting the people of Phatthalung up close at "Talay Noi Market", a collection of famous food and souvenirs that bring income to the community before returning, Miss Thailand 2023 also visited "Le Dong Park", the new check-in point of Phatthalung province. END OF YOUR TRIP WITH AN IMPRESSIVE SAMPLING.SPONSORED
It's over. Aunty butcher Napaporn, a senior star, passed away peacefully at his residence.|At 10.30 a.m., Lieutenant Colonel Sri mahabodhi was informed that there was a deceased person inside the residence. Mrs. Napaporn Hongsakul, a senior star, died in her bed. He was expected to die of senile disease, so the foundation volunteers took the body to Sri Maha Phot Hospital for an autopsy before giving the body to relatives for religious charity service. He has ovarian cancer and abdominal tumors. If the treatment is completed until the condition improves and the patient is admitted to a house in Prachinburi province, then in early February the mother collapsed. I couldn't start eating before I died late today. The family will bring the body of Aunt Kheed. The funeral service will be held for 5 days and I would like to leave a good memory of my mother's drama to the hearts of my mother's drama fans. Aunt Khiad Napaporn Hongsakul is a very talented senior actor with many acting works. By the beginning of the show. Aunty butcher Napaporn is nicknamed Kheed, also known as Aunt Kheed. The 76-year-old was born into a family of actors. Hongsakul is an ancient stage actor. IT IS A SINGING DRAMA, ALSO KNOWN AS A PLY SPONSORED DRAMA, BY AN AUNT BUTCHER. He started playing hawker dramas from the age of 2-3, with his first play being Criminal Love. Aunt Kheed was given the role of the heroine of the troupe and changed her name from Charin to Napaporn after the name of the heroine he was playing at that time. Napaporn and stepping into the entertainment industry At a turning point, the television industry It has become more active in Thai society. As a result, the drama became less popular and eventually disappeared. Aunty butcher Therefore, he decided to travel to his home city of Bangkok. Because the play has to travel out to perform in different provinces often, causing the aunt to butcher. During his life in Bangkok, he used various subjects that he had accumulated since he was a child, followed the band until he joined the band Pa-Ne Sanae Komarchun, who at that time was both a film director and was about to create a band. Therefore, he persuaded Aunt Kheed to become the singer of the band, including taking Aunt Kheed to play in movies from time to time until Pa Nae received a drama on Channel 5. It cannot continue playing, even if it is just a servant role but an important character. Aunt Kheed knew Theung Stifueng, the director of this drama, and when he saw it, he immediately agreed to play because he was confident in his skill and acting experience. Aunty butcher He has played in all of Theong's dramas, playing the role of a maid as a friend of the heroine, but most of the time he plays the heroine's servant. Who has a passion for acting since I can remember, even though I have done many dramas. But the story that really caused Aunt Khed to be born is from the role of the milkmaid in The Dream with Marvin, where the protagonist is Fluk Krirkpol. It's back to fame with the drama "The Rising Sun". The People of Flats with the Chapter of Etum An ordinary villager who lives in a flat with her husband driving a taxi. Funny scripts mixed with natural performances As a result, most people will like this character. Aunty butcher Aunt Khed's first love He started badly and had to come back to the theater at home with his stepdaughter since the playing days and found love with Khun Viroj Rataporn, who changed his aunt's life to be the happiest in his life. Until late last year, my aunt left this world in a state of calm.
Opening teaser of the first "Doctor Luang" "Mario-Kimberly" The opening of the 21 Mina|End of wait with drama after the new news unboxing "Doctor Luang" A comedy-drama in which fate and "miracles" play tricks, causing 2 generations of doctor students to meet Phan with "the passage of time". CAN TRADITIONAL THAI MEDICINE CONNECT THE TWO? Dr. Luang by The Organizer Chantakhet, who also serves as director, and Kong Piya. Sonix Boom 2013 starring Mario Maurer as Thongon and Kimberly as Thong-on. Bua with Masu Charanyankdeekul, Pat Nappa Tansakul, Chai Chatyodom Hiranyatthi, Nok Jariya Anphone, Srawongsuda Lawanprasert, Gig Mayurin Pongphutphan drama "Doctor Luang" It is not a sequel to the drama Thong Ek, Doctor Ya Tha Chalon. The story is irrelevant by Dr. Luang, a traditional medicine story from the reign of King Rama III that still tells about herbs used to treat patients. But it is a different interpretation to Thong Ek, a medicine doctor. The first episode starts on March 21, 2023 and airs on the same day as Thailand. On two major platforms like Netflix in Thailand Cambodia, Myanmar, Vietnam, Laos and Viu in Singapore and Malaysia. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Puzzle Girl Famous singer was physically and mentally assaulted and hospitalized.|It has become another hot topic in the social world and has already trended tweets. After someone took a photo, clip and message of a young woman she posted a photo. The girl alluded to the singer, writing: "Im so sorry but every fan club should know how he did to me" (I'm really sorry, but all fans should know what he did to me) and "We asked permission to use our space to tell the truth about what happened. Over the past two years, he has given us hope and we have been physically and mentally abused until we had to go to the hospital. We don't have anything more to lose. We've had enough."
Netizens flocked to guess. After the page rang out in doubt. Has the still-faced heroine broken up with her boyfriend? |Make netizens flock to guess. When a popular page like Je Moy 108 posted a message on Big Buddha Day, he couldn't keep his legs still. You have to come in and comment. When it comes to "today..." Magha Bucha Day The heroine has a calm face. Did he break up with his girlfriend? Gu doesn't know, but today I'm going to go to Vientiane to pay homage to the gods. Pray", after the page posted the message. At this event, netizens came to comment on the big guesses that the heroine with a calm face broke up her boyfriend, such as "Mr. or mmchon, ex-boyfriend Bipa, but does he have a girlfriend? A lot of netizens have to ask me to come." This works. Who will be the still-faced heroine who will be her boyfriend, we will have to keep an eye on it.
Gott-Richie travels to Korea Sweet post, rumors. The still-faced heroine breaks up her boyfriend. |After the previous page. Jemoy 108 posted a message that read, "Today. Magha Bucha Day The heroine has a calm face. Did he break up with his girlfriend? Gu doesn't know, but today I'm going to go to Vien Tien, pray, pray." This work cannot be done with albino legs. Many of the event focused on the young heroine's partner, Richie. After the news, Got immediately posted a picture with Richie in a hanbok while traveling to Korea together, with the caption "When someone wants to wear hanbok, we have to indulge". Although the couple has not come out to clear whether this is true or not, but from the pictures posted, it can be confirmed that the couple still love each other as well as before, and the sweetness never diminishes.
Patriconanda issued a letter of clarification after the singer was attacked by a young woman. |After a hot topic in the social world, #patrickananda trended on Thai Twitter. After a message was taken from the IG Story of a girl who had posted pictures and clips of the young singer. Patriconda, the owner of the song Far Away, tagged the young artist and wrote a quote about the singer's behavior: "Im so sorry but every fan club should know how he did to me" (I'm really sorry, but all fans should know what he did to me) and "We asked permission to use our space to tell the truth about what happened. We don't have anything more to lose. We've done enough," said D.U.M.B. Recordings, Patriconanda's agency, which announced on social media about what had happened. The trending social events regarding D.U.M.B. RECORDINGS artist Patrickananda are not silent about the incident and are currently in the process of reviewing the information."
Peck Sanchai almost delusional in gray business, stopping because he listened to a sermon afraid of karma falling on his children. |It's another story that Peck Sanchai himself family. Husband of Tanya Thanyaret He told everyone that he once almost went into the gray business because he saw that the returns were quite large, but in the end he had to change his mind. Peck: I almost did, but when I was ordained for a few weeks, Tanya: Not with me for about a week. Even though we already have money, it's interesting. He speaks at sermons every day. On one occasion he preached this story, saying that karma would fall on his children and grandchildren. The person he gambled on lost. Play the ball, lose it. He returned to his home and had no money to raise his children. Must have committed suicide. When we hear Another day I called to tell Tanya that I don't take these things anymore, Tanya: Actually, people have been inviting Peek for a long time, but she is not busy, but I will always say that there is a lot of money. If I found out, I'd be dead. The gray business, we'll always talk about not having passions, meaning that they have passions. When I say it, we have passions, it's a lot, but don't, because we think about the consequences.
"Munbin-Sanha" holds fancon in Thailand on April 8.|AROHA (the fan name of ASTRO) is thrilled with all their hearts when BE HEAR NOW KPOP The talented organizers in collaboration with Forth Apple Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of RS Group, announced the fancon event of the two cool guys "MOONBIN&SANHA (ASTRO)". Two cool guys with the perfect chemistry. MOONBIN&SANHA (ASTRO) FAN CON : [DIFFUSION] in BANGKOK Saturday, April 8, 2023 AT 6:00 P.M. MCC HALL THE MALL NGAMWONGWAN TICKETS ARE ON SALE ON www.behearnowkpop.biz WITH MANY PRIVILEGES AND ALL TICKET BUYERS WILL RECEIVE INDIVIDUAL PHOTOCARD AND OFFICIAL @behearnowkpop FACEBOOK.COM/BEHEARNOWKPOP POSTER.
Tuk Full Month 100 days of merit for best friend Linda Thanyacharoen (video)|After former celebrity actress-model Linda Thancharoen passed away from a lung infection on November 27, 2022 at 7.40 a.m. at Chulalongkorn Hospital. After Linda had been bedridden for many years, and this morning (March 7, 2023), Tuk Duan and a close friend who cared for Linda made a 100-day merit offering to Linda Thanyacharoen at Wat Khlong Khru. Kannayao district, which tuk full month He posted a clip on his Instagram with the caption "March 7, 2023" 100 Days of Merit "Linda Thanyacharoen". The event also attracted many fans to pay tribute to the merits of this event.
"ROOFTOP" joins hands with "ZENTYARB" to send new song "Friends of Fel Fan" reiterates secret love status|2023 is the golden year of Beep-Sirasan. The song Roof top draws on the concept of one-sided love and presents it through the perspective of Producer Mac-Sarun, a lyricist who tells all the feelings of a secret lover, and for a more special effect, the couple also invited rappers like ZENTYARB to add a flow with a rap line combined with rooftop pop music. The way the narrative is written in the content of the song is quite clear. When we first joined together after a long hiatus from figuring, I was surprised. The atmosphere in the recording room and the MV shoot day is full of fun that wants to convey to everyone the feeling of secretly loving someone. If we don't speak out, the status between two people may not move, hopefully everyone will like it. Watch the music video on YouTube Channel : SPICYDISC.
"Nick-Wichian" Open THE WAY Artist Intern Camp project|Pee Nick-Wichian Rerkpaisan, a pioneer in the initiative and development of the Thai music industry in all dimensions for more than 30 years, is behind the success of many artists, submitting the WAY Artist Intern Camp project. Applications for high school bands are open from March 1 to May 10, 2023, www.TheWayArtistInternCamp.com Nick said, "As a long-time member of the music industry, my high school bands have a lot of things that we would like to give you a lot of advice. I want them to see what they should do if they want to work professionally, and my team will help them improve. We need to keep the complaints to a minimum so that they can go as far as possible. What happens in this project is that everyone is not just competing with each other, but developing. Let's measure whether our band has improved well enough. This project has real artists such as Om-Pantapol, Pat-Rannaphan, Jai-Ishnakorn, Big Glasses Olarn and Oh-Jesada as Camp @TheWayAIC thewayproject2023@ gmail.com Masters.
"Ov-Pongsak" returns to single status. Fans cheered.|"Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
DJ Phetcha announces the sale of a few cars in Thailand Fans look at the registration number.|A person who loves cars as a soul Accumulated many beautiful cars until there is already a car parked in the house For DJ Phetcha Wichian Kuslomnomai But recently he announced the sale of a car that has been accumulated for a long time through his personal IG And it is a rare car. There are a few cars in Thailand, with the owner posting a picture of a luxury car and writing the caption "It's time to move on, who is interested in taking care of the DM?  In addition to having fans see the beautiful car that they have announced for sale, many people also focus on the license plate number 1965.
Man Chatyodom Clear Drama After being tethered to a manly star, the girl became pregnant.|Earlier, there was news from the famous page that the star man made a pregnant girl until it became a hot topic online, wondering who the star was. At the press conference of the play of the year. Phitsanulok Swat The Musical at Muang Thai Rachadalai Theatre He denied to reporters that the person in the news could not be himself, as many suspected the news story after the page unfolded, "Pity the guy. But it's definitely not me, I'm always going with my wife. Life today is just going to work, going home, being with my kids and my wife. This was the first time I heard that it had an acronym for it. And then going abroad goes together. I'm going to have a clearing with my wife. Clear credit card matters NO CLEARING WITH ANYONE ELSE"SPONSORED IS SERIOUS WITH A NAME BEING LINKED? You know, there's not a single doubt that it's going to happen to him or not."Confirm that he's still a wife fanatic as usual?", it's the only thing in a man's life. But since having children, nothing has taken our attention or dedication away from the family."
The world is pink, crab, blackhead. Wearing a cute shirt and traveling to Germany|It seems that going to Germany and Denmark is no longer lonely. For the singer Poo Blackhead or Poo Anon Sai Moonlight, because this trip seems to be a very sweet trip because there are cute pictures of taking Janchan Jetsubha Kuangtang or Jan, the former member of BNK48, to visit various places to see each other and tag each other with netting, until many people start to wonder if or this girl will be the new love of Poo. Munich, Germany, ready to make a cute clip with Jan-chan as the cameraman. Pee Poo While shopping for a souvenir shirt, there is also a picture of Poo and Jan-chan wearing the same dress, a long-sleeved shirt with a black rabbit pattern. Wearing jeans and writing the caption: "Come to Munich, you have to visit, but the shirt is this shirt", and the fans who followed commented a lot on the cuteness of this couple, along with leaving Jan chan to help take care of her heart.SPONSOREDA post shared by blackheadpoo (@blackheadpoo)SPONSORED
I'm not single anymore. I have a new boyfriend but I'm not ready to launch. Plan if love is unrequited.|After it was released that there was already a heart care guy for actress Chippy Sirin, but refused to make her debut. Fans have always wanted to know who her boyfriend is. latest Chippy has released an update on this love story on the show Mamma's table with the host of the mother, Mam Surivipa, ready to open up for the first time that this love comes with the moment when she is depressed, why we are depressed, at first we do not know why we are, just feel guilty all the time why we are sad, is when people are sad, but do you know why we are sad, but people with this disease will not know when we have this disease, but we just feel why we need to be sad. But when we exercise or watch a series and be happy, it is not as happy and fun as before, it feels unusual, what people can be sad all the time, sponsored, how sad is it?, as far as I can remember, I cry for 4 hours every day and feel that I don't want to leave the house as well, so I don't want to see anyone but ask if I can leave. It's just that I don't want to see my friends. I don't want to see anyone and I don't want anyone to see that I'm happy in front of other people because I'm tired, which we've been like for about a year and a half. I went to the psychiatrist and when the doctor asked me what it was, I cried. For about 2 hours, we treated it with daily medication. In order to adjust the chemical, presumably it was due to the stress that we broke up with our boyfriend at the time, and like stress is a chemical in the brain, it's not balanced. It makes our emotions and feelings depressed, and it's good that we are positive people. We soon recovered our current love, can it help with this disease? (Why didn't it launch?) I feel like I'm not a samwan and I don't want to be a samwan, which I've been seeing for about a year and a half. We have been married for about 30 years, my husband hasn't done this yet. What good is it that can increase our feelings? We felt that our past relationships we barely knew anything about until we were dating this person. How to think about different mindsets and when you meet this person, you feel comfortable. It's happy and it's not a lot. It's just that knowing that there is him, how comfortable we are expecting this love? We didn't expect anything like this. Just expect us to be happy every day with him if one day this love is unrequited. How do we deal with this love? IF IT'S NOT OKAY, AT LEAST A PICTURE OF ONE PERSON WON'T BE ON SOCIAL MEDIA ANYMORE.SPONSORED
Jenny has run out if refreshed, revealing the terms of the child's contract. Netting is like farming on people's backs.|Make netizens even suspicious. When I listened to the conclusion of the renewal of the children's contract in the record label, if refreshed, Jenny's if refreshed, if refreshed, or Rush Nok. Suwanket After he posted a clip of the conclusion of the contract renewal meeting, the male singer on the label posted on Facebook. "For those who have not watched live on Tik-to-k, Jenny would like to conclude the meeting of the male artists of DM camp as of today, that is, 8 brothers, 5 of whom are promised to expire in May, except for the other 3 who are contracted for another year. If the number of views within 2 months before the contract runs out of 10 million views, Jenny will immediately renew the contract for 1 year and one more channel, assuming that if the views are very difficult. Jenny runs her own brand. If you sell 10,000 bulbs within 2 months, renew the contract for 3 months, if you sell 20 thousand bulbs per 6 months, if you sell 100,000 bulbs per 1-year contract, and Jenny will give you an order of 50 baht per month, you will not have to do anything. "After Jenny had run out if refreshed, posted a clip clarifying the meeting of the male singers in the camp, there were netizens who commented on the promise that Jenny had made for the brothers in exchange for renewing the contract that SPONSORED, "DON'T DO IT, NO SONG NOBODY WANTS TO HEAR, A PROMISE LIKE FARMING ON PEOPLE'S BACKS? The views are good, bad, it's with the songwriter, will it catch the ears of the listener? He sells sound, and he sells cream. Logic what, very hard 10 million 2 months, think the same, it seems weird or because I've never seen another record label offer this. IF YOU CAN'T MAKE TWO OFFERS, YOU WON'T RENEW YOUR CONTRACT BECAUSE EACH CONDITION IS DIFFICULT ENOUGH."
Goh Ti explains why chicken rice sells so well that it is ruined Today, it takes debt on behalf of relatives.|After Goh Ti Aramboy or Charoenporn Onlamai came out to post a message cutting off his life. He said there was no real motivation to keep going, and many people wondered what had happened to his life. Goh Ti has opened up about his life in the past through the show Unfold, which despite working for a lot of money, has never been spent comfortably. He had to pay off debts to relatives and also had to pay off 5-6 houses for relatives, although he used to open a chicken rice shop that sold very well, but in the end, it was ruined. There must be something to be distressed about. If you're not suffering, it's a waste of money because we have to take care of a lot of people. We have to take care of our relatives, we can't give, it's like a domino. If we don't take care of this person, he'll go with our mother, and she'll come and hang out with us. Today, we have to pay off 5-6 houses for relatives to live with siblings and use the debt on behalf of relatives. I left the house when I was 13, then went to play liqueurs, sent money to my mother to buy 4 rai, took care of family and relatives from the age of 13 until now 43, still take care of it. It's heavy, like we're peaks. When everyone has a problem, it comes to us. It's like I'm the one helping to make it happen to everyone. Like my eldest brother used to make 2 debts, 4.5 lakh and 6 lakh, we had to sell the van. But in the end, it's debt. I asked if it was selling chicken rice. Very good sales, a lot of customers, but when I get money, I want to lend money. Take this money to lend money, when you buy soft drinks, you sign Goh Ti's name. Buy chicken, sign it for 2 months, sign everything. In the end, I couldn't collect the loan, the debtor was gone, 2 debts of 4.5 lakh and 6 lakhs fell on us, all of which were chicken rice shops at RCA, very good, very loud, but there was no money left. The salary must be divided for him. At the end of the day, it turns out that the family quarrels, divides the party, does more, does less, finally separates, and then we have to go to the last installment of the debt, until I have to go and say to my mother that I can't do it anymore, so I called my eldest brother. You are 53 and signed a cash cheque for him 3 lakhs, the last money to take care of him, and then after 4-5 years, today he comes home because he did not survive. His brother came back, but this round has changed differently, became a person who does not speak, has to ask to answer, is silent all the time, asks for answers, like he is stressed, is like this for 2 years during COVID, until he has to take to the doctor, take medicine for 3-4 months, run out of medicine, then go back to the same. It's like a joke, but it's very stressful during the brewing year, when there are love problems, and there are so many problems that almost die, such as kicking a ball and finding an elbow in place that breaks the blood, and recording a show, but the people in Stu have no one to eat, which in the past we could eat insects. When we ate the scorpion, we almost died, suffocated, and we saw everything last year. It makes me feel that I don't dare to live a risky life anymore, I don't dare to go anywhere and ask how I feel that people think that Goh Ti is in a downtrend. He said there were a lot of people asking questions in the live broadcast. People say we don't have a lot of work, but on Mondays and Fridays we have food events. Saturday was super ten. Sunday Today Show, 3 dramas, 2 just off camera, no work, we say irony to SPONSORED about marriage. If I say it, I don't want to talk about it often, but I'm still a shepherd boy, still with the same deer, dating for 10 years. I'll say it at once. It hasn't changed anymore. This person is definitely watching the clip.
New Wongsakorn reveals a secret that no one knew before. When did you answer and write Now?|Considered a talented hero and unparalleled for New Wongsakorn, the latest handsome girl Prairie. I'm invited to come out with a show. On YouTube Channel 8, this event is said to be extraordinary because this young hero with a face will tell the love story with the girl Now Tisanat and reveal a manly secret that no one has ever known before, the latest 10th anniversary, but why give a black rose on the anniversary? So he said that if he gives flowers, he doesn't have to give them a waste, but I know that he likes black roses that are dried flowers. He will like that feeling, and the black rose means eternal love. SPONSORED, THERE'S A BIT OF A PROBLEM BECAUSE WITH THE AGE GAP, WE'RE ALWAYS THE SAME. I used to do that, and I told him to be himself. When he grows up, his view of love changes, let's talk about it again, is there a secret that took him and put it on TikTok and he told her why put it down like this? It's definitely been deleted, kept for a long time, let it pass, go and show him, uh, it's cute, it's really cute, say it many times, until he allows us to go down. Like I said, but I'm not going to let it skip the day. No matter who is at fault or right, I'm already a fool. It means that the relationship of two people. In the end, we thought about moving on together. Get back together, get back together. Anyone with the same value, do you have any plans to get married? And why did you postpone it?, I used to think about composing. At the age of 38, I had a plan in place, and it's been 5 years. At first I thought I wanted to have a family, I wanted to have children, I wanted to get married. When the situation changed, covid hit. So we feel like we've reduced the size of our family to this kind of minimalism. Can I offer myself to Brother New to practice first? Mr. Prairie, will you marry me? I have a feeling that this moment is probably about how many years I've been in the industry. Remember who you played in the first play? Last year, probably around that, the first story, there were 2 stories at the same time: 3 rivers and kasa naga, but the first thing that went to shoot was kasa naga. I knew in advance today that I would be playing with Nun Woranuch, and tomorrow was going to shoot. There are no moments for us to feel excited or surprised, but to feel, huh, tomorrow? There was no chance of preparation at all, it was a time when the queue of the old hero was not possible. So I went to play for him. It was all fitting, so I went to play the first day, so I was a new kid who wasn't playing the first scene I shot was a scene where I was on the phone with my mom. In the story, the mother will say that Phong came to eat with her mother. I would walk up to the blog and say, "Mommy." Not passing, shooting from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m., i.e. with no play, and then not fitting. I didn't try on clothes, I had to change into new clothes. Let's change the hairstyle. I feel like I'm filming it's like this, I can't go home anymore. IT'S JUST THAT MOM, IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME, AND THE DRAMA ISN'T RIGHT ANYMORE, AND SHE'S BEEN SINCE THE MORNING, HASN'T IT BEEN FILMED YET? At the time, he was already Nun Vranuch, but I was a nobody who didn't know. He came to sit and wait for us from seven in the morning. Until 3pm, and he never said, never complained. It never made me feel like I was a burden or a problem. He makes us feel relaxed and working with and very happy, have you ever encountered drama? But I'm lucky that I don't have social media, so there's a first event. Must go to the car showroom. I went a little early, so I turned off my phone number, and then walked in and passed one of the stores. I don't remember a clothing store or something, one of the vendors asked me to take a picture, and I told him I'm sorry. I was in a hurry, and I walked past him when I got to the phone shop. The employee said he also needed an ID card, which was in the car, and walked past the store. He looked at me, and he told me to hurry. Then I walked past again, and I picked up my ID card in the car and passed by the shop. He looked again. I closed my number and took my ID card to the car again and walked past him. He probably thought he was in a hurry, and I calculated the time so I could keep up with my errands in order to get the car out of the way. Nowadays, people judge us from the moment they see us, is there any script that I want to play besides the hero?, the heroine is that (smile), alternating roles with Prairie interviewed on the show, have you ever been contacted to play Y?, have you contacted me and the script is interesting, but I have a feeling that my abilities have not reached that stage, afraid to play, and it is not possible to talk about the secrets of Brother New? If you can tell it, it's not a secret (laughs). I went to shoot a Channel 8 drama. Ruan Jada Nang is a ghost drama. What kind of mystery is this? In the story, the hero has to be tied up, hands tied, feet tied to a cement pole and watered. That day, I had food poisoning, and I had very heavy diarrhea. Four or five rounds and I had to be tied up at a cement pole, and then in the middle of the water, and it didn't come out. He had to bring the boat to shore and the sun was out, it was all over, he had to shoot, it was in the water, but it wasn't intentional, it came out a little bit. Does anyone know this story (laughs).
The page is dumb added. The heroine is calm-faced, but bad boy. The guy packed up to leave the house.|After the entertainment page rang out. Jemoy 108 posted a message about the heroine breaking up with her boyfriend. He said, "Today. Magha Bucha Day Did the heroine break up with her boyfriend? Gu doesn't know, but today I'm going to go to Vien Tien, pray, pray," before adding, "Gu used the wrong word. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Je Moy 108 post added, "Meng remembers this news, Pa Gu knows about him, not just the lady who carries things out of the house, who is not gentle, Le keeps things for people to deliver to her, not a piece left to love the heroine. She loves dating bad boys. Like she has to find a love fanatic, too, encouraging shi, good love, there is always It's just that we're always there!! With love #อิพิมเมียนายณภัทร"SPONSORED" Among the comments that different guesses of the heroine's initials, but who will be the heroine and what is the real story?
Deer Wanpiya is very nice and wearing a tiny bikini lying in the sun, showing off her white skin. |It is another girl who is famous for the degree of zest for Kwang Wanpiya or Kwang The Face that no matter when posting a picture of wearing a swimsuit, it makes people buzz at every event. Deer, carrying a check-in bag on a beach trip, and dropping a picture of yourself in a black and white two-piece swimsuit. Posing on a sun lounger by the swimming pool in the hotel with the caption "For a long time", it must be said that this shot is really zap because the white skin of the deer is very soft. I ASK FOR THIS OFTEN.
"The End of the Sky" shows its own singing skills. Submit singles "Our melody."|A little girl with a bright face Plai Fah - Plai Fah Panthakiatpaisan shows off his skills beyond his age with accumulated musical experience and has many awards, including composing lyrics, melodies, arrangements, as well as singing by himself. He recorded all of his craft on his single titled "Our melody", ready to be introduced to Thai fans, revealed that "it is the first full-length work of music. The lyrics and melody are all homemade. Talk about traveling between two people, maybe a couple or a friend. In the case of a rat I composed for a friend in my heart who has been together for a long time, singing is a little difficult because I am not a singer. It takes a long time to sing because I have to solve a lot. When I finished recording, I listened to it for the first time, I felt like, "Whoa! It could still be better, so I poured it until I felt like it could be more than 100 (laughs555). At first, when the song was finished, I felt very hure, I would have slept, that is, I am the one who if I start doing something, I have to finish it, otherwise I will feel a little stunned, when it is finished, I can sleep hibernating for about three days. I think the more people listen, the more feedback they'll have. I would like to leave my music, our melody to all the DJs and all the fans as https://youtu.be/A1lrVCW8nAsSPONSORED well.
Bus Kanungnij Show off your beautiful body and weight before your pregnancy and reveal your secrets.|After the actress-host of the sweet-faced bus, Kanungnij Chakrasmiththanon, gave birth to Nong Kid. First son On December 19, 2022, he returned to serve as the host of "News with Eggs" on Thairath TV. Shortly after the birth of the baby. It's called being the latest super fit mom. The bus is full of slimness and looks like it was before getting pregnant, and posted a photo showing off her beautiful body chopped in her personal IG, captioned "Weight back to normal mode as before pregnancy". When I gave birth, I was able to get down quickly," including people who asked me how to do it. Please recommend it. I've been born for 3 months now, but I'm still stuck at 5kg, and the bus shared a tip: "Control your diet, average if you eat carbohydrates (starch), other meals are starchy, sugary, and carry your baby, walk around all day, lose weight".
"Wonder Frame" bang non-stop to show the stage "AGESTOCK2023"|"Wonderframe" participated in AGESTOCK 2023-Repezen Foxx TOKYO LIFE concert in Tokyo, Japan, along with Japan's top EDM hip-hop band "Repezen Foxx", which has over 4.04 million subscribers on its Youtube channel. Wonder Frame also designed a kimono from thailand's popular elephant pattern fabric. It was the highlight of the event and beautifully closed the concert for the band Repezen Foxx. He is also working to surprise fans with a music video from Japan, creating a new history for Thai music artists. Fans can wait.
Ploy Chermal commented after having a blackpink Lisa with a tattoo. |Become a drama with the magazine cover shoot of BLACKPINK Lisa or Lalisa. Manobal After someone noticed that the back of the idol looked like a small tattoo that netizens thought was a picture of Edelweiss, the flower representing true love from Switzerland, nicknamed the Queen of the Alps, and also lisa's favorite flower and designed in a watch with luxury brand Bulgari. Adults don't like it, especially government officials, and it's a cute idol for kids of all ages. Image OUTSIDE, THERE IS NO EFFECT ON THE FEELING OF JING PEOPLE OF THE SAME AGE, BUT VERY OLD, #chaelisa"SPONSORED", WITH THE CAPTION "LISA'S ENTRY IS PUZZLING BECAUSE OF THE NETIZENS WHY THAI PEOPLE HOLD WOMEN TATTOOS BADLY". This event has caused netizens to come in and comment a lot, such as "What's his body, talk like Lisa is out of contract with the camp and will come back to take the official exam in Thailand", and there are also celebrities like Ploy Chermal, who commented on this story, "2023, and the cost of halow wow yuw", and Pete Thongjue also came to comment on this "Take all the comments".
I can't take my eyes off it. Wearing a tiny bikini swimming in the pool (clip)|It's another beautiful girl who is unbeatable. For actress May Pichanat Branchkorn, who recently hasn't returned from Phuket. After attending Poi Trichada and Oak's wedding, I reached Phuket all the time. So I had to stay there for a little while, and then she picked up a tiny bikini and put it in the pool. Ms May posted a clip of herself swimming in the pool. Swim away. The view is very enviable after May Pichanat posted a clip showing off his brightness to many jealous people, and there were many fans who commented on his figure and sexy beauty.
"Thai Tenium" sends a new version of the song "Ta Lueng Baby"|The icon of the legendary Thai rap industry that teenagers from the 90s to the Y2K era know very well, "THAITANIUM" or "Thai Tenium" has accumulated more than 23 years of experience through many songs. Currently working under Def Jam Recordings Thailand, there are 5 members: Khan, Day, Way. DJ Buddha and Big Kalo Music is always talked about, especially the legendary hit "Ta Lueng", which has become an all-time hit of all ages. This makes the 23-year-old's specialty this time. They have picked up this song. Marie mixes again. "Ta Lueng Baby" is a special gift and brings together famous hip-hop artists such as TWOPEE, SARAN and FIIXD to show off their rap skills. Add some fun to this song. In addition, the "THAITANIUM 23rd THANK YOU PARTY" will be held on Saturday, March 18, 2023, featuring famous hip-hop artists such as ENGFA, KRATAE, IRONBOY, PRADAA, NICECNX, Archy, Tobii, SPRITE, GUYGEEGEE, OG BOBBY, POKMINDSET, WONDER FRAME, BIGSLP and GUN www.theconcert.com NER.
Move on, B.I. perform, dance live. It's the opening stage of the Asia Tour.|B.I or KIM HAN BIN, he has arranged his first Asian Tour in Thailand, the kind that makes anyone unable to move on really fast with the solo concert "BI 2023 Asia Tour [L.O.L THE HIDDEN STAGE] IN BANGKOK) #BI_LOLTheHiddenStageinBKK, which is packed with quality and fun performances lasting more than 2 and a half hours. The best organizers are Four One Entertainment of Kueng Chalermchai. Mahakitsiri joins hands with Korean agency One Tree One to bring Han Bin Hanjai back to the Thai ID (ID, the name of the fan club) hot again because the sold out tickets are sold out. The rainbow light from Bin Bin Bong (known as the B.I. official light bar) filled the space. Kim Han Bin or BI appears amid the greeting screams of the IDs. The global viral song BTBT took charge of the stage this time. The famous dance step is the origin of the nickname of the sweet-waisted young father. Let's move on to a medley, which begins with BE I, a compelling track from Show Me The Money that presents his identity, followed by ONE AND ONLY (돗대) and WATERFALL. Kim Han Bin stayed to greet everyone. "This is my first solo tour, to be honest, I don't think there will be so many people in Thailand, thank you to everyone who sacrificed today." B.I. invites ID to stand up and jump with illusion (꿈결), it's time to lower the heat with love in the song Lover, soak up the sweetness with the lyrics that make you shy with the verse My lover lover, You shot me down bang bang! Choreography and music of GRAY music (비 온 뒤 흐 림) Kim Han Bin turned out to be a charming little girl. Cuteness and plenty of dancing skills. Forward to remember me (역겹겠지만) Let's be the cool Han Bin in the song Got it like that. It's a world-class single where BI has collaborated on a collar with Destiny Rogers and Tyla Yaweh. Then enter the fan service, the talented young artist gets off the stage. Let's give you a close-up moment with Tangerine and Nerd songs to be named the godfather of care. Stage returns to Vibe with the song STAY before giving the stage to the 1st Special Guest Taitan Tai Tan. Teapsorn helped take care of the audience while the stage owner took a break and changed costumes, with Tai Tan picking up the songs All Night (feat. Loco) and Love Yourself. Other than what we have seen, Tai Tan took Senior Han Bin to play basketball. Air hockey and Thai food such as Pad Thai Roasted chicken noodles, stir-fried soy sauce, and stir-fried vegetables together. On the day BI arrived in Thailand. Then, the white-robed goddess returned to ID with stage illa illa (해변), a sexy fashion look and a dance step in the song Endless summer (영원한 여름). So everyone can't take their eyes off it, but think about what people, why it's so complete, bi invites to jump with the song Middle with you. After the song, the artist recognizes the romance of the Thai ID. Thank you for giving this show a beautiful touch. Both singing and dancing. Every movement Keep me up, Numb, Nineteen (열아홉) and COSMOS at Hanbin and ID, chorus singing together throughout the hall towards the end of the concert. BI returned to the stage. After the IDs shouted for ENCORE with BTBT songs, there was a huge surprise with Yacht. Yongsilp Wongpanitnon, the 2nd Special Guest, also took to the stage to show off his rap and dance skills in this song. After the performance ended, BI revealed that he had seen the video clip of Yacht cover of BTBT, so he invited them to join this stage together and also went to eat Thai food together with both him, Yacht and Tai Tan, before BI returned to the stage in the song Then and concluded by saying thank you to all the staff and fans who created this concert. "한빈과 함께 보낸 시간은 아이디의 가장 소중한 시간이었다", which means "Every moment spent with Hanbin is the best time for ID." Thai ID so let's create some story. Not allowing the beloved artists to rush to finish the show easily, they helped each other to cheer for BI until they had to go back to the stage to see each other again, carrying 4 songs in a row: Flame, Illusion (꿈결), ONE AND ONLY (돗대), BE I and, of course, say that word. Ready to attack the entire hall again. The service is good like this. I don't love you. Ending the real ending with the song COSMOS, which BI couldn't resist, ran down from stage to ID around the hall for the third time. Instead of saying goodbye today, we have made some good memories together.
Raisins pay homage to Aunt Tui like an apology, but the words are shocking until the person accepts the prayer is still puzzled (clip)|It is considered a person in the fashion industry that fans have long been familiar with. The couple has had the opportunity to work together frequently, both as judges on various contests as well as talk shows that the couple has recently worked together. Aunty Ty Sombat posted a hilarious clip on TikTok and wrote in the clip "Dear friend, evil friend", which is a clip in which Raisin Metini walked in with his hands raised as if to apologize and hugged Aunt Tue. Raisin said, "Auntie, if you say something too strong. I'm not sorry, I'm not sorry, everything I've said to Ged and said badly is from my heart." Raisin immediately replied, "No, why don't you think I'm a friend? "Go home," and danced with raisins.
Bele Patumraj composed the song. After Manchester United's defeat, despite the pain but trying to hold back tears (clip)|Even the Battle of Red Day boils. Man Utd and Reds will be in the past several days, but the result of that day's match at Man Utd The 7-0 defeat to Liverpool continues to inflict pain on the fans, one of which is country singer Bele Pathumraj, who earlier said that if the Red Devils lose, they will write a song for Liverpool fans to listen to. Recently, the young singer has fulfilled his promise. In the clip, he wrote the caption, "As promised, Man United lost, write a song. The guitarist looked forward to singing until the end of the song, but sang with a less happy and pain-looking expression. For ghost fans, it's still sad about this defeat. As for the Swans fans, it's nice to tease that they're going to make a face and sing a little better.
Bogie Lion clears concert drama Tell netizens "I'm not here to solve the laundry" (clip)|After having a clip of a young singer. Bogie Lion or Bogie Pichsini In the first full-length solo concert ever, it took a social outcry. Netizens have come out to criticize her for the stunning outfit she wore to sing on stage. Seeing that the dress you are wearing looks inappropriate, and it also looks beyond the beauty of the last time, there is a chance to meet a girl. Bogie Lion at the press conference, Yum Yum revamped and added a new and unique flavor at The Blue Plaza, Siam Square, so I grabbed myself to clear up all the drama that happened that I didn't care because everything was thought out after the concert, there was drama going on? It overlooks. I see them as art, and every step of the thought process has been thought out thoroughly. Study both in terms of beauty and in the manner of wearing it conveniently on stage. I think I'm above drama. I'm okay with having both likes and dislikes, but people are already prepared for this drama. Honestly, I don't know what to think, because our intentions are very good, that what we've created and practiced. Some of the songs we only have 1 second to do, it's a thought process, we're willing to be stoned for each of us to see. So, who is the dramaist, do you feel nod after the drama? I feel that if I feel the words that I have already thought that this is not fully done, but this is very full, if everything is artistic, I am not here to solve the fabric, but everything is properly thought out to a certain extent. And this is our concert, so it's drama. Seriously. Everyone's frustration is caused by us. I wanted to have my outfit removed between the songs and we had done our homework. That the audience who came to see us wanted to see the show, and I felt that it would be nice if something happened in the gimmick of the dress that it could take off. So I wanted to wear several layers so that people could see the dress in different layers and look elegant from the first one. Change the last dress that is sexy, do you think it's?, there's already a lot going on at every step of the way to see where it's important. There's no point in having to show it right there. It has a thorough thought. Ask if goes. I think it's about clothing, it's about respecting individual rights. If we dress in a timely or socially normal way, especially this is a concert. We wouldn't have put anything wrong. By design, I think people should respect how they dress and make decisions. Because people sometimes wear the same shirts, but why do other people see us as not the same? Thank you for all the comments. Let's just say that this is ok if someone criticizes us, we know what we are doing and see the comments? It feels like this is quite okay and we've been thinking about this step. Because we have to save ourselves. I don't want to be in front of other people, but in everyday life we don't dress like that, I think this is a personal opinion.
Ton, smirk, wield wife, clear the knot, people look at the wrong person. After Melon Nida died|Is another talented actor for Ton Trakarn Panthumlerrujee who today (March 8, 2023) wielded a beautiful wife Ple Ajchara to reveal the issue of the drama Melon Nida died through the talk show. On Channel 31, let me relive the past. Ton: It's the 1st anniversary of his passing, but it's still a good memory for all of us because of Mo's incident. The lawsuit was filed that day. Supachai, who loves watermelons, and his brother, who is close to watermelons, are also worried about small groups. When it's a big event or not, it's a small group with a little Christian ceremony. I want to do it in a way that feels like you haven't left yet, saying that you don't want to organize a big event to be a drama, but really, there used to be this drama happening to you?tree: one of the brothers is a flask, he will have to go to the police station, flask watermelon, he is a friend of a generation: he knows both flask and watermelon, he will come to eat at home, consult with each other because they have children nearby. Like watermelon. He'll take care of the flask's baby. Ask about how to take care of children, we will keep talkingSPONSORED is a close friend? What is there to discuss? By the time the incident happened that day, it was very fast. He told me to be a friend for a little while, okay, so I thought I'd be a friend. Because of this incident, a woman who had never been to the hotel and had a lawsuit like this, he was worried. I became a friend as a senior. I don't think I have the power or the ability to help. I went like a nanny, that's when I went to see it, it became a comment trending on Twitter overnight?Ton: I don't think once in a lifetime, I saw it?: Yes, we know. When to go He will have several brothers at the church, he will not go alone, but he will be separated, which he is familiar with the church media, so let him take care of this first: as a mentor, but as an outsider, he does not understand? I don't know the facts yet. We go to be negotiators. Talk to the media, the brothers who come in want to get information, because speaking at that point in time, it is still unspeakable.1.We still do not know the facts. 2. Is it evidence of something? What a mess, we're just going to be mentors, but it turns out that all the socialites, oh (tour down?). We still understand, we can still take it, but my wife never met. Did the tour go down hard at the time? She's friends with the killer. And did her husband know that he slept with this person, to the extent that our husband was having an affair with him? We sat down to delete or we sat down to answer? I showed it to my brother: he would look one way, and then someone sent it to me, most of the time, I didn't know. Those who really know him will talk to ransom about what happened. I don't care what you're saying? I walked out and didn't say anything, I was damned, I didn't go to that show, but it was a picture of me walking out at the funeral where the media invited me to help with the news. I'm just walking into the frame. I haven't said anything yet, so we understand that people on social media are sensitive, we understand them. At first, I was angry too, so let's sue to make money. Finally, let's sit down and ask ourselves, we are Christians. We're not going to react, and then we're going to go quiet and find comments that can't be accepted?: Come on, things that aren't true, like our husbands and flasks, we know. This person was hungry for news at that point, according to the trend, we went to the wrong side that felt bad, not just the two of us. - "Yes, I walked in from the usual place with a smile. But this face-to-face, he will do it without seeing the beginning: it's a plus of COVID. Wearing a mask, he wouldn't see if he was frowning, his mouth was crooked, he was smiling, but he got a visual effect. PLE: Yes, I talked to him with some tears, but we didn't talk to him, we felt that if we had to explain to everyone, it was exhausting. At that point, let's just let the matter unravel on its own. Finally, when he knows the truth, he forgets about himself early: he doesn't interact and doesn't make waves. I think everything will be quiet now that everything is ok, go to the event for 1 year, nothing anymore?Tree: Well, nothing, it's more of a small event for people.
Nag Charlie posted to Krukit was shocked to see the news of the fatal plane crash. |In the case of a plane crash in a shrimp pond Area M.10 Mr. Prakit Sappipattana, 55, president of Friends Flying Club, recently posted a picture of him studying to fly with Krukit, a pilot who was involved in an accident. During the boredom of acting, which was very happy at the time. He also posted a picture of his small pilot's license, stating: "Why has Charlie never posted a picture??, frequently asked by the teacher when we talked ((what I dreamed of since childhood is to be a pilot and have a flight license and have a personal glider)). I would always say to my teacher that I don't like doing anything. Whether it's the glider I bought for my teacher and sold back, or the 20 cars I had, my own plane, or my favorite collectibles, I like to take pictures, but I prefer to keep them for myself. I like to do funny things, it makes me happier (my personal feelings). When I'm tired of acting, I go to the teachers at 5 a.m. every day to learn to fly. We'll have a flight plan in place, and I'll stay up late every day. Black face, black body, but very happy. He was a lovely teacher and tried to push me to finish college so that I could get a sponsored degree for aviation. If you have a college degree, you'll get plenty of great opportunities to fly. There are many places that offer free scholarships to become pilots, or if you have the money, you can take exams to get higher and higher. I was delighted because when I was on the plane every day, I realized that I didn't want to be a pilot. I just wanted to have a private plane to take in the sights or take my grandchildren on a flight to relax. Sometimes teachers like to complain that they are tired, they do teaching flights, but teachers don't quit because they have friends. In the end, I didn't finish college anyway, but the teacher still loved me and I was used to saying Charlie. I miss my teachers all the time. We're going to call each other, and the weird thing is. This morning I just talked to one of my brothers and said, I want to go to the teacher, I'm going to fly a plane and play, and more strangely, today there is a lot of news that I share. I drove a plane and complained that I used to teach piloting. People laughed at me. I'm used to it, and I've never been angry with anyone, even the slightest, who thinks this way about me. From the heart, I love seeing people laughing and laughing. I've never had the slightest feeling of anger or anger,555, but while I was reading my commentary, I wasn't angry. I scrolled to the news that there was a private small plane crash today. I pressed in to see Ao Krukit. I was shocked, but I think I don't want anyone to be sad or feel bad. Just like the teacher loves and is sincere with everyone. I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you all the people I take you to fly. I would like to thank the teachers for making my dreams come true. Many pilots who are good people, have seen many different types of aircraft, have captured planes that I would not have had the opportunity to own, have piloted many planes that I want to pilot. Thank you very much. Teachers, sir. I've posted some photos today. I would like to ask permission to post a picture with the teacher, I love the teacher Pragij Sappipattana".SPONSORED
Rubbing his eyes hard, bull Khun Narong showing off his white body The beach set the sea on fire.|When there is free time from work The hottest young hero, Krating Khun Narong, also had to arrange a vacation to the sea, but said that this event, he asked to turn on the sexy mode, wear shorts, take off his shirt to show off his figure, and also exercise on the beach and show off his cool tattoos. The event also made the girls scream at each other on Instagram, not even many friends in the entertainment industry. Especially the comments of close friends like the heroine Nine Supassara, who even came to tease that "Seth is over, the sea of fire is a disaster that the country must inscribe", as well as comments from fans who came to admire the handsomeness of our young hero, such as the handsome penetrating. EARTH, SKY, AIR, HANDSOME, BLACK PANTHER, WHO WILL BE SWAYING, BEYOND THE STORY, ETC.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Golf Pichaya has always been compared to his brother. Almost having trouble because of flirting with the same girl.|In addition to what many people know, he is a singer alongside his brother Mike Pirat as a handsome boy duo Golf-Mike. He also served as a caretaker and designer for the famous bag brand that is popular both in Thailand and abroad when he became a special guest on the Club Friday Show produced by CHANGE2561. Because it's comforting to sit down and talk. Golf reveals that he had a bloody fight with Mike, almost putting up boxing because he flirted with the same woman and opened his heart to comparisons since childhood. That person is more handsome. That guy is better, and now that Mike goes as far as abroad, does it make Golf Pichaya feel like there's a need to compete between siblings? CLIMBING INTO HIS HOUSE AND NEARLY GETTING CAUGHT BY THE POLICE, SPONSORED THERE'S ONE THING THE TWO BROTHERS HAVE IN COMMON SO MUCH ABOUT GOLF WOMEN. Pete: Yes, it's the same. Do you like the same person? Pichaya: Well, there must be some, and then flirt with both of them: Mike will flirt first (ask if there is a punch), Mike throws scissors at him, and with the fact that he is two men, how is it compared? That person sings better. Does that person dance better, does it have any effect on our hearts or mike's minds? Now Mike is famous in China, but people say that golf is not loud at all. Pichaya: But there was a passion, there used to be heroism like climbing a golf house, Pichaya: At that time, love was a bit overwhelming, and then friends came to tell us that he was with this person, he was going here!! I called him and asked him where he was, and he got the answer: he was helping his mother with household chores, so he took a taxi with a friend and climbed into his house and almost got arrested by the police. He caught golf press to wait for the police to come, but he knew that Golf and his son had ever met a jealous girlfriend. We didn't get anything. When we talk, it's like a bit like Psycho, we have that person, we have this person, we don't. Why come to find out that we have someone else? We were angry that the glass cabinet had been shattered, and our hands were broken. My arm was broken, my tendon was open. The blood filled the pillow, so I had previously seen a picture of myself at a wedding. Pichaya: Well, golf is going to have news for everyone. Love every time. Golf tries to be as good as possible, to be wrong, to apologize to each other, not to have ego on each other. If we don't talk to each other and have an ego on each other, we end up talking about marriage a lot, but when we meet Annie, we turn out to be the ones who have a wall about marrying him. Even if you say don't talk about golf, Pichaya: .... ??, open the whole story of life and love, Golf Pichaya on the Club Friday Show on Saturday, March 11 at 11.00 am on Channel 31.SPONSORED.
Make people look at ng kratom r siam Performing a difficult dance until the straps in the middle of the stage (clip)|She is known as an artist who always has a great performance style for singer Kratae Arsiam or Trumpet Boonyaphan, who recently returned to perform concerts more often and remains a favorite of fans and boys in front of the stage#เกือบไปแล้วววว!!! The strap is torn off !!! (if you don't sew it, oh yes! 55555) The CEO of Jirateep @toshi.jirateep stopped by to lift the mother of somersaults 1"And the post revealed the second chipmunks showed sexy moves by playing difficult moves while being lifted and somersaulted by male dancers, causing the lingerie straps to fall apart in the middle of the stage before the eyes of the audience. SPONSOREDSPONSORED WAS A HUGE HIT FOR MUSIC FANS AT THE TIME.
Aof Chanapol Does "etiquette-reverence" still matter in the entertainment industry?|Is another actor who has been in the industry for many years. For the young hero, Aof Chanapol Satya, from the younger actor, also became a senior in the entertainment industry. But recently he didn't know what was going on because he posted a furious message on his Instagram with the message, "The words etiquette and the word samma reverence are still important in the entertainment industry." After Aof wins the The message was posted by people in the entertainment industry, such as Sweetheart Hana. Lewis, Maggie Apa, Grace Patcharsita, On Nasaran immediately commented, "The most true, not scolding, who, who's dashing". This work does not know what happened. Who made Aof win? IT'S GOING TO BOIL TO THE POINT OF POSTING A MESSAGE LIKE THIS, SO WE'LL HAVE TO WAIT TO HEAR IT FROM YOUR MOUTH. 
Pinky Savika recorded a clip of eating onions with tears in her eyes. Netizens tag for jazz (video)|Get back to social updates for your fans to get lost. For sharp-eyed heroine Pinky Savika Chaidet More recently, there have been updated clips on TikTok for fans to watch frequently. Pinky Savika recorded a clip on TikTok with the caption "Onions are good for children", which in this clip Pinky showed eating whole onions to watch in full, eating them, crying tears because of the burning eyes, and has surpassed 3 million views. It's delicious, why is it so good to eat, delicious but spicy, you have to eat it little by little, like it too, delicious, etc. Jazz Chuan Chuen The godfather also covered it, saying, "Jazz... Don't give up... We challenge you", and someone tagged jazz, but there were people who said enough was a pity for jazz. etc
Black ants, whisks, jigs, naowarat, take the monk's rice home. Q. Isn't this a sin?|He is a talented actor who has been in the entertainment industry for a very long time. For Jig Naowarat, who has been absent from his job in the entertainment industry. Jigs often visit temples to make merit, and even bring back food that is put in the bowl. Recently, Jig went to the show unfolding and told this story, making black ants Kachapa even shocked and asked if doing this is not sinful. Asked where Jik Naovarant would go to get the merit from, because the boon was never done, Mu did not see the mu, the meditation could not sit, Jik hurriedly raised his hand and said to go to see rama 9 temple because this is doing almsgiving all the time. When he finished, he took the monk's rice home and took it to the guards because he saw that there was a lot of food in the temple. Give it away. He was very kind, he planted lemons, he gave them to pick, and thyme gave them to cool. MANGO, GO OUT, GIVE IT AWAY, GO AND TAKE IT HOME, IS IT WRONG, SIN? But rub the house for the monks, rub the temple, rub the sala. I washed hundreds of dishes, but I asked if I could get them back. Take it back to the guard. Baptists often wear sweets. Monks are the most diabetic, so I have to give desserts to other people, understand? I don't want you to be too many when I ask if I went to the temple to pick mangoes and lemons, did I ask the monks first? Jig said, "I'm going to ask for a monk because I'm afraid you won't. The story told is true, why would you joke if you throw things away and take things to the guards, which one is better? He's all left in the bowels. We must have a generous mind, black ants ask if they are not embarrassed when lifting things in the car, Jig says that he is not embarrassed with the monks, what is said is entirely true, made black ants even say that it was caused by the belly of the parents, never heard people take the temple rice home jig, so I said, listen. This is true. Everyone eats well, and the food is still left, the food will rot because he put it in the morning, because at 11 o'clock you will not continue to eat the morning food, and this one will be left with garbage, so I think that our house has 3 guards in the morning, and has not eaten, so I put it in a bag and brought it back to me.
SHINee released their first full-length album, 'Circle', which peaked at No. 1 on the iTunes Top Albums chart.|ONEW (Onyu) shinee band returns to convey a unique tone. 'Circle', the first full-length album since debuting as a solo artist in 2018 and a new album in 11 months after the release of their second mini-album 'DICE' in April 2022. The R&B genre combines arpagegio synth, heavy bass lines, and engaging melodies, with lyrics comparing one's life with nature, and conveying comfort to listeners through the message that the good and bad things we experience in life look different but end up being similar, like different seasons, but it circles back every year in a similar format.SPONSORED After the first full-length album Circle officially released on March 6, 2023, it was well received by music fans around the world, reaching number 1 on the iTunes Top Albums chart in 30 countries around the world, including New Zealand, Spain, Finland, the Netherlands, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Czechia, Hong Kong, Japan, Mexico, Peru, Lithuania, and many more. The album also holds number 1 on the Worldwide iTunes Album chart, number 1 on the RecoChoku Japan Daily Albums chart, as well as number 1 on the Synnara Record Daily Albums chart and circle retail album chart in Korea. 'O-NEW-NOTE'' was held on March 3-5, 2023 at the Olympic Hall in Seoul, South Korea. From the originally planned 2 rounds, 1 more round was added for a total of 3 rounds. The final performance on March 5, 2023 was broadcast live on a global platform. BEYOND LIVE, WHICH HAS ONLINE AUDIENCES FROM 74 COUNTRIES AROUND THE WORLD SUCH AS JAPAN, USA, TAIWAN, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE, CHINA, CANADA, UK, ETC., PROVES THE HIGH POPULARITY OF ONEWSPONSORD.
New Davika shows off her beautiful look with a shorter haircut. This set is cute and cool.|How many looks are there? Survive every look for the slim, slim-waisted heroine, Davida Hoorn. It's called any haircut that looks perfectly beautiful, or you can dress in any style to look good in every look. Beautiful sexy or pretty cool, it can be the latest new Davika. Post an update after a shorter haircut. Wear a tiny T-shirt and jeans. Show off your beautiful floating waist. Flat belly with poses that add cuteness and coolness. This look has made fans thin in the sponsored row amid comments from industry insiders such as Ingfa Varaha "Out of Our Hearts", Nine Supassara "Chobbb ah", Koi Rushwin. "Very cute", Ben Reviyanan "Oh so cute, I like it", Nat Nisanee "Sadjai", Nat Myria "So cute", Panko Jintanadda "Very good" THE SWEETHEART, Dee I Twitch, also complimented his girlfriend in a flash, saying, "Very cute," and replied shyly, "Ouch."
Pimprapa was good because he was insulted, crying from a child without a job until he became a presenter.|It is another actress to watch for Pim Pimprapa. There are many dramas and presenters. latest He has appointed his own managers to sit down and unfold his behavior to become Pimprapa as he is today. How much effort did Pim reveal this story through the YouTube channel Pimyom in EP.Good because he was scolded by the manager? Reveal secrets to becoming a star! Pim admits that she is good because of the driving force of the insult, there is a rule to buy 3 sets of clothes a month, jewelry and shoes, but do not buy expensive things depending on the strength of each person. If you forget to buy a mother, you will deduct 5 thousand baht per set, and Pim gets deducted a lot of money because she does not pay attention, and at that time she is deducted until she cries at all, and 5 thousand baht changes Pim's life because Pim never misses this story again. BECAUSE MY MOTHER KNEW THAT THE RULES OF THE HOUSE WERE TO HAVE AT LEAST 3 PHOTOS A DAY AND HAVE TO BE CHECKED THAT THEY WERE ALL BEAUTIFUL. If you enter a tree, the blade of grass will be deducted 5 thousand baht per picture. It's only one pim because it's just a picture of a tree. Then manager Pim unfolded the behavior of the actors in charge of the world to know that he used to ride in Pim's car and was really surprised, thinking that he was in a car or garbage, there was no legroom, junk food was garbage underneath, used eyelashes and put on the car console. It's not just one pair, but there are many pairs, so I can't say that. What if I put it back on and my eyes are shrimp shot and I can't go to work? Pim argued that I hadn't seen anything yet. Before Pim excused himself for being introduced by Shere Thigamporn before the manager told him that after getting into Pim's car again, he saw that it was fine. But in the end, I realized that the car looked cleaner because I stuffed all my belongings behind the car. And the cheekbrush is tucked away on the heel. When I was scolded that it was dirty, it was a woman who had to bulge here, it started to get better, but I got hit with nails instead by Pim girl who said that when I went to the theater, I had to take my hands and I could see the nails, but that day I went to get a manicure and it fell off 1 nail. Which nails fall off, charge 1 thousand baht per nail. It's all very detailed. Because if you want to be beautiful, you have to be all beautiful. I want everyone to see the background of Pim to be able to become Pim today. In the end, the results made Pim improve in a better way every day, but there was a time when he did it and was discouraged to consult with the manager all the time. He said, "Don't be discouraged. Sooner or later, what we do will see results, because it's been a long time since we've been discouraged. When I see my brothers in our house where he's a superstar, and we're little guys who haven't been anywhere yet. I've always tried to keep my back on my day. People can see that we can have it today. How much has it evolved? Thanks to my mother, everyone was patient and patient. He scolded because he really loved and wished us well, wanted us to go really well and what he scolded him that we could really make us better, before he burst into tears that he is now a presenter (crying tears) before sweet chick said that he used to talk to Am, talked to me and cried that he didn't have a job, but today he was glad that he was able to do this.
Mew Nitta regrets gang drama, M.M. Horse thinks too little Don't think about gossiping about anyone (clip)|After the drama of the heroine M. happened several days ago. From New Davika Inviting fellow heroines M. Horse like Margie Zodiac, Mew Nitta and Mint Chalida to sit on Moy on their YouTube channel's show, it became a splash of drama and alluded to the heroine in the entertainment industry. Mew Nitta, who attended the opening ceremony of GDH's new ghost movie Sacrifice House at Central World, cleared up the drama that had happened. I'm very sorry because it was something we didn't expect to be able to reach that size and I want to apologize for my actions that we may have thought a little too little about answering that question, but I insist that it is not intended to discredit or gossip about anyone. I'm really sorry for answering our question, so it's all about other people who aren't there. This caused him to be affected, damaged. The first day of the drama, there was a conversation. Everyone was worried and quite uncomfortable with what happened, how did it feel that the matter escalated? That said, we didn't think from the beginning that our answers would have anything to do with a lot of things that happened, that we weren't chill, but we were uncomfortable and sad about what happened to those around us. Whether it's the family or the fans who are always there for us no matter what, which is why we're so grateful for what lessons this event has given us? First of all, it's a matter of saying that we should be more careful, and then it's about being careful not to affect other people because it can cause him damage to negative comments other than what happened. I personally let it pass. We weren't hooked on anything. Some of the things he commented on that we considered to be feedback could improve ourselves, so we could improve them. As for which one doesn't help, let it pass. Asked if I had read a lot of comments, I didn't read them, but I admitted that at first I was stressed, but I understood that it was our fault. So we have to admit our own faults, embrace everything, and then we feel that we understand what happened, we move on to other things, some people are disappointed, we feel that we are looking at ourselves wrongly. I'm really sorry, because we might think a little too little. He replied without thinking about the consequences, but insisted that he had no intention of discrediting anyone. It's been a while since things started to get better and we've personally never had any problems with anyone. It means we can still work with everyone. IT'S NOT CHEAP WITH THAT PERSON, IT'S NOT RIGHT WITH THIS PERSON.
Who is he? The man next to him, "Mother Panida", is afraid of being carried. Call for a lot of watermelon case money.|After Mother Chim Panida revealed that there was a new important piece of evidence in the case of watermelon's death from falling into the Chao Phraya River, she opened up on the show. Open your mouth to Pride on Thairath TV Channel 32. I had the opportunity to talk to my mom and noticed a man who was always with my mom. The man revealed: "Bordy carded my mother. (This means there's something mom worried about hiring a bordy card.) One must have a driver, two have friends, go to the night or go to the mall alone. Some people turn to gossip, but most of the people who come across him ask for a photo. Like the principal, I met him (about the concerns of the case, even hiring a bodyguard), but it hasn't been anything in the past, but my mom thought that we were going to charge him a lot of money, and he was afraid of being carried, so we had to be careful."
Patriconda Insisted on never physically assaulting his ex-girlfriend. I'm sorry I got hit by a lot of people (video)|After a hot topic in the social world, the hashtag #patrickananda became trending on Thai Twitter. A message from the IG Story of a girl who posted a photo and clip of the singer was taken into custody. Patri Konanda, the song's far man, tagged the young artist and wrote a quote about the singer's behavior: "Im so sorry but every fan club should know how he did to me" (I'm really sorry, but all fans should know what he did to me)", and "We asked permission to use our space to speak the truth. Over the past two years, Patrick has given us hope and we've been physically and mentally abused until we had to go to the hospital. We don't have anything more to lose. WE HAVE DONE ENOUGH," THE MESSAGE SAID, WHICH DREW A LOT OF CRITICISM OF PATRIKONANDA AND THE FACT THAT MEN PHYSICALLY ABUSED WOMEN AND EVEN HAD TO BE ADMITTED TO SPONSORED HOSPITALS. Patriconanda with Mr. Kal Nithat Kongkam The Managing Director has given an interview to the media. In the case of his ex-girlfriend, who posted on social media claiming that he was physically assaulted by Patriconanda and even had to be hospitalized at Warner Music (Thailand), The Park Building, 4th floor, West Wing, Bangkok. We were in a relationship when I was in college from 2017 to late 2020, when I was in a relationship with friends and family, but in the last 2 years, as he mentioned, we are no longer fans. We didn't have a clear relationship, and we had a friendly relationship with each other in relation to the assault, or in the story of the clip he posted and captioned me physically assaulting. This is not true, it's an old clip that happened a long time ago, as of the day the clip went down, I wasn't there. I was in the music studio, it wasn't an old video, there was no violence, there was no physical assault in that clip or that the video you could see that it was only 2 seconds, it was more than 2 seconds, and I didn't use violence or physically harm him, I would like to clarify what really happened in that clip, he came to me at the condo and wanted to talk in the morning around 5-6 am, but I told him that there was no appointment. I was sleepy and it wasn't the normal time for me to wake up and it was filmed or swiped because I took his car keys because I didn't want him to drive. We didn't return it because we didn't want her to drive. He wasn't ready to drive, as far as I was concerned. I didn't give him the key, so I called my mom to pick it up, and then I gave it back, but he had a little noise that he didn't want his mother to pick up or know about it, but I insisted on him not driving himself, he was not satisfied and got into a little fight, but there wasn't a single assault. Besides the events in that clip, I I've never used violence. We said they were in the studio, not at the scene, people said it was an old clip, so we know what the incident is, right?", in that clip was me, but it was an old event, which he just brought down. It happened in January this year, but he just posted 2 days ago, when he posted when I was in the studio"We said he never physically assaulted him, so why did he say physically assaulted him?", I have to say that 1 day before he posted the clip, it was discussed after not talking for a long time. He said I had my belongings with him to return, and I typed the address to him, since we hadn't talked for a long time. I took the opportunity to ask him how he was doing. With concern. I asked him a lot of things, he said he was really tired of work, and I told him that I had one thing I wanted to say to him, I wanted to encourage him, so I talked about old things. I told him this. I admired him for a lot of things, including saying he was a good girlfriend at the time, but now he feels like we're talking to him to feel good, giving him hope, and he says he's not feeling okay yet. Why say this, which I myself? When he came, I thought he was ok. I'm sorry he didn't know he wasn't okay, but I said that because we really felt that way, we didn't play with his feelings, to feel good or to get him back. I tried to apologize to him. It wasn't meant to make him feel bad. I didn't give him hope, because before this incident we were already friends"So that's where he posted that we were physically abusing each other until he had to be hospitalized?"Yes, he was just not happy that I said that. It's like I'm giving him hope, but I didn't mean to. I've tried to explain it, it's not like that. I was really sorry, after that we had a little fight. I'm trying to apologize, I'm trying to explain, but I'm a really talkative person, thinking about what I'm saying, and we've been people who feel good about each other, I want to say something good to him, but maybe it's wrong that we didn't think about his feelings, that it reminded him of old feelings that hurt. He loves me so much. I didn't mean to make him feel bad"We think that women may feel that we give hope, so why bother?" I think it's me who doesn't understand him as much as I should. It's not the first time he's felt something like this, it's not the first time we've argued about it. After breaking up, I'll always be the one who says good things to him. Even on the day they broke up, perhaps they said too much. I've said that I still miss the same thing, and I always love it, which I really think in the two years of breaking up, but I've never played with his feelings. I'm really the one who said this, no matter how new we are, but we're finally going to meet each other anyway. I'm going to say something nice to him, because that's what I really feel." I've never taken action. I may have been a hot-tempered person when I was 19-20, but as of today I'm 25, I'm not a hot-tempered person anymore. I've never done anything with him or any woman. I'm not that kind of person"He posts like this, shows that he slanders us because it makes us very badly viewed in this regard?", I think he should have his reasons. Because he is a man of an unhealthy state of mind. He has a very fragile mental state. He's not a bad guy, he's a lovely guy, we've known each other for 6-7 years, but maybe what I said affected his heart, so he might be angry, so he posted that, "We're sure there's no evidence of physical abuse, right?" I never physically assaulted him. I never took any action, no matter how angry or angry, how hard the fight was. Quarrels are normal, aren't they?" Did Patrick have any contact with the girls?", after he posted it, I called. I talked to him for a while, talked calmly, at that point I was very confused, didn't think it would come this far. I wasn't angry with him, but I was just confused and upset about why he did that. He said he was hurt a lot for giving me hope"Or he wants to give us back. When we became famous?", I can't think for him in this regard. Could he have intended or otherwise had his reasons?" I asked him to delete it, but he said, okay, let's try it, about this: "When we were dating him for 4 years, broke up for 2 years, how was our relationship going?"I think it would be nothing. He was one of the first fans we met and lived together when we were in college, lived in a dormitory together for 4 years, lived together 24 hours a day, was a good love, but not perfect. But I never got down to it."When we finished. "I have to admit that it ended badly, ended with a fight. I was the one who asked me to part ways, he had some with me, and he wasn't here anymore, but I went to talk to him back. We lived for 4 years, from the age of 19-22, I asked to quit, but there was a lot of confusion. Try to be a mentor or other relationship that is unclear, but I don't want to go into great detail", saying that his state of mind is fragile, what caused it, was it just born when we were apart, or was he born in the first place?", he has been mentally fragile since we first met. He is a man of quite high common emotions. The fact that I asked to part ways with him caused him a lot of pain." The year they broke up, did they have different people talking to each other?"Different people went to live their lives"But they didn't have a new boyfriend?"On his side, I don't think so"On the subject of the clip, do we have an agreement that asks to be deleted in exchange for something?"He said let's ponder first, but he didn't get it, but I expected him to delete it"Is that in that message he wrote to us? Did we tell him we could sue him?", I was shocked after he posted the clip, we didn't talk to each other again until now. I don't know if he's angry or upset, but he's sorry," he wrote, "that we hurt him and that he was hurting us, it was violent, and that wasn't who I really was?" To be honest, as far as I know, the camp has already contacted his mother, "Does he have a report that we physically assaulted him?" How does he behave? "There are people on the team who know you and your mom trying to talk, and as Patrick said, it's heart-wrenching, we want both sides to talk, hopefully to clear each other up. We just wanted Patrick to have a chance to tell his story, we told the female family that we were allowed to tell Patrick's story because if you didn't speak, people would only take one side, hopefully we would still have a conversation. We still don't want to judge anything. We try to think in the best possible light. Let's use the process to talk first. He'll just wait and see what Patrick has to say today. We don't want to hurt anyone. "We think that at this point it is not necessary at that stage and we do not want to reach that stage"Patrick thinks that he wants something from the girl, let him post an apology?", I think he should come out and clarify what the real story is. He might be angry with me, maybe he's angry or impatient, so I posted a picture or a video clip like that, and captions like that even though it wasn't real, and the clip was already 2 seconds long, but I didn't have it.  I can really confirm that at that point in time I was in the event in the clip. No assault occurred, and apart from the video evidence, it was my residence. There is a security guard. There is a reception. There were witnesses there who could confirm that I didn't physically assault him."Now people understand that Patrick physically assaulted a woman, what feedback have we had in the last 2 days?", I feel sorry, and it's something that comes to mind. When I opened Twitter, someone said, "I'm stigmatized. Even though I wasn't. Besides he already knows what it was like when I was dating. My family, my friends, know what kind of boyfriend I am, what kind of man I am. I have more disadvantages than advantages, but one of the disadvantages is definitely not violence. I insisted, "Does it affect my work?", as far as I know, but I have been stressed"What is the state of mind in the last 2 days?", sleep little, rarely sleep because we read the trend on Twitter and the media. I've never seen anything like this before."What do you want to say to someone who has received this message?", I don't know what I can do to confirm more. It's just that I've never really physically harmed anyone. I was always in the eyes of my friends and adults. When we were together, we went to school together, and we met friends every day. No one has ever seen bruises on his body. Of course I dare to insist, "Do we feel hurt by this?", I don't know if he expected me to be hurt. I'm sorry. People who love each other used to be inspired to write songs. I understand him that he might feel bad about my words, that I feel like I'm giving him hope. I feel like it's not necessary to misrepresent or tell the public something that isn't true to me. I feel like I'm just sorry, "Can we still be friends?", "It's a matter of time," if you want to tell him, what do you want to say?", I'm always worried about him. There are a lot of things I can't say about him, but I know him best and he knows me best, I know what he's like, I just want to tell him that I'm not addicted if he's angry, I want to tell the public that I've hurt him. If he comes out and says or says this in the truth. I'll admit what I did, but what he said wasn't true, so I wondered why he said that."
Grasshopper Chonlada fakes 80,000 fee after student hired to make teacher's birthday clip |It is another singer with a good voice for Grasshopper Chonlada that has a lot of fans because the grasshopper girl is still a simple person, so the fans love and admire this singer even more recently. Even more so that fans love and appreciate Grasshopper's character. When he posted a photo and a message on Facebook, Grasshopper Chonlada said that a schoolgirl sent a message via inbox asking for a clip of her teacher's birthday, which was captioned as "The story is that there is a chat popping up. He said the teacher was FC Grasshopper and sent a clip. The teacher sat down to listen to grasshoppers' music to confirm. I'm a little kidding, I'm a little kidding. Called eighty thousand, fighting?", and showed a chat message with a conversation, "Please allow me. If you're going to hire me to make a birthday clip, how much money do I need? My teacher was born on the 13th. My teacher's name is Tum, I'm in Ratchaburi. IF IT'S A GREETING CLIP, HOW MUCH?" THE SPONSORED, TO WHICH GRASSHOPPER REPLIED, "JAR OF BROODS, SO CUTE, LOVE THE TEACHER. What is the teacher's name? 50,000 students, to which the schoolgirl replied "Not worth it", before grasshopper sent back a greeting clip with the reply "I don't take a single penny, so cute", which the schoolchildren sent back a message saying "Thank you very much, I don't think so, thank you". Grasshopper Chonlada, who made a clip for the children free of charge, said that he looked tearful on behalf of the teacher, the children are very cute, the grasshopper is the cutest and kind too. Read any line you want.
Gypsy Kirti reminds people who want to be beautiful, exercise hard, beware of scoliosis. |For Gypsy Kirti and Gypsy Arikanta, and the latest story 2 girls to share their experiences, it is scary for girls who want to be beautiful from exercise, gypsy and gypsy have shared what happened on their YouTube channel in the show Gyppe EP94: People who want to be beautiful part1, exercise wrong until the bones are crooked! Hot yoga and Pilates play a sport that takes a lot of impact. What happened and was unexpected was that I had been exercising the wrong way without realizing it for many years, starting to exercise hard because at the age of 25 I was sick. BECAUSE OF POOR EATING BEFORE, PEOPLE DON'T LIKE TO EAT FOOD, EAT ONLY MSG SNACKS, GO TO THE HOSPITAL, AND THAT SICKNESS AFFECTS WORK, SO I REVOLUTIONIZED MYSELF, CAME LATE, HEALTHY, WANTED TO BE HEALTHY FROM WITHIN, BROKE RAW, SPONSORED, STARTED EXERCISING AS A MEMORY, AND FELT THAT THE BODY CHANGED FOR THE BETTER, PEOPLE APPRECIATED OUR BODY SHAPE. It gives us the energy to want to continue, and it's good for work, and it makes us feel good, refreshed, energized at work, so it makes us addicted to exercise. I lifted a lot of weights 5 years ago when I was always sore, but I chose to ignore it because I thought I was exercising every day. I repaired myself, which was chronically painful, even if I didn't exercise enough to have symptoms, so I went to a Thai masseur to relieve the symptoms. After a while, I couldn't heal, so I went to a new doctor and went to acupuncture. At first, I tried electricity, but I didn't feel any better, and the other tried the cup. When I did it, I felt comfortable, but I stayed for a while, and my purple back was scratched for a long time, so I went to try to adjust the bones. At that time, it wasn't just aches and pains from the shoulder blades, neck pain, headaches, migraines, and the symptoms that were rising were that maybe the shoulder blades seemed to be frowned upon and thought that it should overlap the nerves because the left arm was numb and tickled in the hand, so I took a pill to loosen the line and fell asleep every night until I realized that it was a crooked bone because I went to Pilates. Have you ever had an accident? Because the teacher said that the back was very crooked, so I went to the physical clinic and he said that our spine was crooked, we were shocked, and I decided to go for an X-ray because there was a fracture in my left leg. insensitive Mancha When I looked at the X-ray results, it was like a person leaving my left waist all the time, the doctor advised me not to stop exercising, to continue exercising, to tell the trainer, I played for 2 months, it hurt more, so I stopped because the body was more painful than before and did not feel better. It took months of getting a new trainer to recover, and now gypsy's bones are much better. ALTHOUGH IT'S NOT STRAIGHT, IT'S MUCH BETTER (CRYING).
Thai artists take the stage at the World Music Festival Clockenflap|Three Man Down from GMM Grammys has been performing overseas festivals at the Clockenflap Music and Arts Festival 2023 in Hong Kong for the first time, which was attended by thousands of hong kong and foreign audiences. It's raining, talking alone, dreaming about my ex, my birthday this year, as well as new songs from new albums like "Let Time" and "Time". There are also Thai music fans who go to watch and cheer. It is another success of Three Man Down that this event has won the hearts of many international music fans.
Methi Labanoon Open your mind. After leaving the music industry, he entered politics.|Vocalist Dee Methi Arun or Methi Labanoon Today, let's reveal a big change. Leaving the music industry, entering politics as a candidate Narathiwat Provincial Democrat Party mp via "Talk Zap Show" on Channel 31 with PK Piyawat and Thanya Thanyaret as the host of the famous Labanoon program for 8 years after his disappearance? Methi: About 4-5 years, what brings us back?Methi: You have to understand that back in that era, back 10 years ago, the music trend changed a lot, and then we might think that maybe he didn't listen to music like us anymore, and 2. We want to do what we learned. At the time, we were Labanoon. Since we were kids, when I was 18 years old, came out with the song Guard, 191, Ex-girlfriend We felt that when we graduated, let's go back and do what we want to do, see what it's like, and do it. When you're done, you're done. Frog Brother Big Ass SAY THAT GU MISSES LABANOON, SPONSORED THE FIRST BRAKE IS 7-8 YEARS? Afterwards, he said he missed Labanoon. What did you do in the 7-8 years when you were a university professor and then as secretary to the president? The student walked into the room. This is Methi Labanoon. Meh: Yes. The teacher sings a little, the teacher loves the song so much when he is a teacher and goes back to singing, the song is very loud? How did the magic rope feel at the time? We stopped for years. Methi: Of course, back this time, we felt that when we wanted to come back and do Labanoon, we did what we were. Labanoon's magic rope was also shocking. Less than 100 million views at the time of the release of the magic rope, do you think that if it breaks or people do not listen, we will go back to teaching? When I was sitting at the label, I was talking about what songs we were going to release first. I still don't want to release magic rope music. The team told me to release the song, but luckily genie records had a good team. He paved the way for Labanoon's return. I remember having a picture of Toon BodySlam holding milk and saying that the familiar thing was coming back. After that, the young elder Kala, the familiar taste is coming back. He has 3 children today? 6th grader and 2nd grader are men too. In 4th grade, we felt like we needed a baby girl. The 3rd had a female child. Now stay. P.1 When I got a girl, it was amazing, I understood that I had a daughter and I was more worried about my daughter. We tried to tell our son that we were men and that we needed to take care of him. I have to take care of women, but when I'm a woman, I think, who's going to take care of them for us? Different types Different styles The eldest is quite calm when angry, will not show symptoms, the second will be a friendly person, but when angry, he will show himself. My youngest child was the oldest when we had children. Do we have to hide it? I revealed, but in the past it wasn't so social, why didn't I know that Methi had a baby? Methi: Most of my girlfriends don't go out to the media. Methi: I flirted with him when I was in my second year of college. I was in year 4, my wife was in year 2, when we were doing volunteer camps, I felt our chemistry matched. Ask how to flirt, can a friend ask me for my phone number? When I got my number, I called. After that, I talked to him. But most of the time it wasn't sweet. We volunteer. IT'S ALL ABOUT THE RIGHT THING TO DO, SPONSORED IS A COUPLE THAT BARELY FIGHTS. I see that he is a very good husband, will I always apologize first?: Not so, I married him. I'm Labanoon and I told him that my life might not be the same as most people because we're touring. We probably won't have time to be together. So what happened? We sincerely apologize and thank you very much for being by our side. Understandably, labanoon was very loud and went to play everywhere in Thailand. It has to have beautiful fans throwing the whole body to the lead singer. Labanoon How do we cut or explain to our wives?: I think he understands the lifestyle of people who are entertained. Family, the warmest thing, it's not all about the whole thing. Methi: Not a lot of big things, it's like being friends, understanding each other. When I first got married. He couldn't cook, so I said no to be serious. If we can't, we go eat outside. I used to cook for him, but now he feels like doing it. He made a very tasty meat soup. When we say it's delicious, we do it every day, no matter what we do. Politics Do we consult my wife? He really didn't want to let it down, but in the end he understood. He probably thinks that I want to try something in another path in politics, make decisions for a long time?Methi: Well, it's been a long time, so what makes us think we want to play politics?Methi: Policy? We felt that the country could really change with the political dimension, when we volunteered, we helped with anything. When covid hit 3 years, I was exhausted with a lot of survival bags, but we felt it was just volunteering, so if the younger generation doesn't come into this era, in the next 20 years, who will we leave hope for, and we feel that the city will go, it has to be driven by politics, the starting point for attention? Methi: During the break, what ignites us to want to play politics?Methi: I used to be the secretary to the President of Satun Province 1, the policy of what we have done, it all benefited three hundred thousand people, for example: Free Classes I want to see that a poor man he doesn't have, but he has a chance to finish. In 6th grade, he didn't have the opportunity to go to college. We can only fund one person, but if one year 2-3 lakh children graduate. We can't afford to give it. Therefore, policy can play politics, it has both positive and negative voices, which negative voices are very loud, why can we accept it? This is the dimension of politics, public figures, whether it's politics or the entertainment industry. It must be accepted that criticism is normal in my gaze, but in the end how much he will criticize us. He couldn't really understand what our intentions were. I made my debut and was completely insulted. Now Labanoon. Methi: Still living together for over a year, do adults complain about playing politics? He understood, sat down and talked to Him. Frog Brother He understood, but he wanted to try it again. Frog Brother Now Labanoon Methi: Everyone understands, I've talked to the band, I've been working for 2 months, I haven't accepted a job because I have to go to the area, I have to visit the villagers, I've been preparing for a year. Normally, 1 year labanoon will work for 10 months, another 2 months we will relax. Another month for everyone to look at our future on the political path?: I haven't looked that long. I don't know if I can pass the exam this May. If you can assume it, you will do your best.
wai panthisa It hurts. I found evidence of kata. Boyfriend flirting with other people (video)|This job requires putting your hands on the chest. After listening to the love story of the good-sounding singer Wai Panthisa Theeraprasit, he spoke for the first time about the incident of being betrayed by his lover. In the show, The Most Powerful, Wai Panthisa finds evidence of kata. Boyfriend secretly teases someone else, which Jacqueline Ask if you've ever been betrayed for love. So I immediately said, let's talk about it here for the first time. I never spoke. I've never spoken about it before. I didn't see him with anyone. Then Jacqueline asked if Rattan had ever been drunk to forget someone. The singer immediately answered this question: Have you ever sung until you ask yourself if people have tears in their eyes? Singing non-stop is singing all day and another question that many people want to know, and Jacqueline is a representative of many people asking that Rattan must have a rich boyfriend. The singer immediately replied loudly and clearly, "Ouch, never. This is only to feed him (laughs). Before rattan continues to say that he does not like people who have a high ego, will hate it very muchSPONSORED, go to listen to the story of Rattan Panthisa, continue on the show [TEASER EP.4] Super Power Thairath TV laying mats waiting for March 10 at 10:30 p.m. You can only watch online channels YouTube Thairath and Facebook Thairath TV.
Hai-sen Paperplains Hot doesn't stop, the latest phenomenon of cracking malls. |More than the talk of the town everyone talks about. When The Jasmine Brand Milk created a phenomenon of cracking malls at the launch of a new pair of presenters. Hai Thanwa Ketsuwan and Sen Nakarin Khunpakdee from Paper Plains under the concept of "Squeeze like a lot of food" through "MALI LAND". The land of people who like SQUEEZE" at Mega Bangna to celebrate the 60th anniversary of The Jasmine Milk with 2 young Paper Plains making legendary songs. New and fresh Jasmine milk, every drop always tastes good, white, thick, sweet, oily, comes as a modern version of jasmine milk song. It's easy to sing, it's time-appropriate, and the two boys are sure that the song will appeal to a group of baby tooth teens. Sing like a fin. It's definitely catching on all over the country and we took a picture of the crackling atmosphere of 2 young Hai-Sen. Not bragging at all. Where else are the 2 guys going to break the mall? Stay tuned for SPONSORED
S. Kantapong Send encouragement to Aom Arakpan After suffering from cancer, I look forward to playing again.|After the previous actress. Mo Amina Pinit has released an update on the illness of the famous hero. Recently, the channel co-hero S. Kantapong Bamrungrak had the opportunity to launch the opening of channel 7HD 2023 at Central World shopping mall and talk to the media. About his co-star, Aom Arakpan Young S continued, "Both we and the people on the channel have sent a lot of encouragement, but have not spoken personally, which has continued to cheer for his brother, and we want him to rest fully.
"New-Wongsakorn" reveals that he was almost married to "Now-Tisanat". Accept if the quarrel will be the side.|Just listened to the young heroine Now-Tisanat. He opened up before flying to the outer city, talking about his love affair with the young hero New-Wongsakorn, as well as his boyfriend's care and passion the day before. Today, let's listen to New-Wongsakorn Open up about your love for Now girls from their own point of view through the show "Scramble Scene" on YouTube Channel 8, starting from the question 10th anniversary that just passed, why give your boyfriend a black rose? "I'm a woman who doesn't like flowers, so he said that if you give flowers, you don't have to give them, but I know that he likes black roses that are dried flowers. How to do it? "There's a bit of a problem because with the age gap, we're always the same, we used to do that and I told him to be himself. As he grew older, his view of love changed, so let's talk about it again. "There's a fight about misunderstanding, but I'm not going to let it go through the day, no matter who's at fault or right, I'm already a person, meaning that the relationship of two people, in the end, we're thinking about going back together, getting back together, who is equally valuable?" When the situation changed, covid hit, we felt like we were scaling down our family to this kind of minimalism. Let's go back to the first drama. "20 years ago, the first story had 2 films at the same time: 3 rivers and 3 lives, but the first thing I shot was Kasa Naka, the first day I went to shoot, I knew in advance today that I will play with Nun-Waranuch, and tomorrow is to shoot. The first scene shot was a scene where she was talking on the phone with her mother. In the story, the mother will say that Pong came to eat with her mother, I would walk over and say, "Mommy," saying this, but not passing, shooting from 8 am to 3 pm, that is, with no play as well, and then not fitting, I had to change into a new outfit to shoot. Let's change my hairstyle. I felt like I couldn't go home anymore. It's just been a long time. I don't think it's our way anymore, but I haven't shot it yet," said any heroine, who likes it the most? "He was already a nun-waranuch, but I don't know who he was. He waited for us from seven in the morning to 3 p.m., and he never complained, never made me feel like I was a burden. He makes us feel relaxed and working with and very happy"Have you ever encountered drama? "I used to find out, but I was lucky that I didn't have social media, it was that I had an event, I had to go to the car showroom, I went a little early, so I turned off my phone number, and then I walked through a store, a clothing store or something, I don't remember. I closed my number and took my ID card to the car and walked past him again. He would have thought, 'Hurry, people are judging us from the moment they see us.'" "I've been in touch before and the script is interesting, but I have a feeling that my abilities haven't reached that stage, I'm afraid to play and it's not 30.
"Dao-Nattaphatsorn" 5 This love is serious, don't think about finding a new one.|Become a couple to create content that resonates with fans, both girls and girls. "Dao-Natthaphatsorn Simasatien" and "Curry Som-Thanatat Chai-Atta" have both sweet and hilarious together, but before opening this sweetness, it took 5 years to prove their love, met Dao at the press conference for the opening of the project "Muang Thai Ratchadalai Theatre" and the opening of the big stage character "Venomsawat The Musical" at Muang Thai Ratchadalai Theatre, 4th floor, Esplanade, revealing his love until today, "See you here 5 years ago, playing Alan. Brother Wa Pee Fai She's a banker, she's coming too, so we're catching up, we're friends, and hey, she's good, we can use it, she can use it. Let's talk about it"It's been 5 years since it opened? "It took a lot of mindfulness at first, because he grew up with the contest, and the star still insists that the star is grateful to everyone who has supported him and supported us so far. As time went by, it was good that in the beginning, we weren't that confident in ourselves. It was the first time we got to know each other, it was nice to be quiet first, but now it's been 5 years, it's 35, and I don't think anyone will say that, so I feel that with different times, it's appropriate." "Never, we never wanted anything more from him because he was never absent, he took care of it, even though we didn't go out, lived such a normal life, he still gave us time and tried to pay attention to us. "The star tells him that the star likes blue hydrangeas, and usually on Valentine's Day, he buys roses for them. This guy was yelling at me for a blue hydrangea, and I felt Valentine's Day. It's been 5 years and I've changed a little bit, and it's been a whole bunch of hydrangeas. It's like a fist pounding the ground that she likes, "Lack of creativity? "Other creatives, but let's be honest, there's no problem, if he's going to be surprised, it's hydrangea. I can't think of anything else, right?" "It must be so, last year I started talking about you, blue hydrangeas again, this is Valentine's Day, we want roses too, and he said that he doesn't like it anymore, but there's no problem. "Not really, because he asks first, he's not surprised, except for flowers, this is a surprise that isn't a surprise." "Through the media, we both seem pretty confident. It looks cool. It looks bright all the time, but the two of us are actually people who lack confidence together. We have a lot of clues to support each other, but they will always cheer us up. Like singing, people will feel that the stars can sing. It doesn't seem like a problem, but it's been a long time since the stars got through it. When we were young, we didn't really have much success with it. I'll always blame myself for not being good, but I'm here to support you that you can. We don't even believe in ourselves, but they believe in us. If one day it is not good, or one day we fall, there is still another person who believes and encourages us, so the star has gone through many things", prove this, must be composed? "But if you assume march 16th, the star is tattooed 6 cards, the 1st prize, the star can ask for himself, a modern woman, but if it is not right, then wait. "I'm old, we're tired of starting over, I feel like 5 years ago there was nothing we couldn't accept. Now I feel 90% confident, I leave everyone to support the star too, the star does not know when, but I am prepared to deposit eggs as well, stand by, wait, and when you will ask for cough (laughs), you can be on standby, I will be happy to let him ask, depending on him. Say this, the star doesn't want him to put pressure on him. Dao knows that nowadays he should have a lot of pressure from those around him, not pressure, but leave the eggs."
"Channel 9" launches Summer Series China-Sports-Variety|Channel 9 organizes summer programming to accelerate the content arrangement to please fans with full screen by the new generation executives Tent - Vasin Bunyakom The director of Channel 9 MCOT HD revealed, "Channel 9 has more content partners, there are ongoing Chinese series, but it is still strong from entertainment and live sports programs. Every Sunday at 11:00 p.m. SPONSORED sports has acquired the rights to broadcast 2 major futsal tournaments featuring strong teams from around the world, including Thailand, Japan, Iran, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Mozambique in the NSDF Futsal Championship 2023 and the AFC Beach Soccer Asian Cup 2023, both live from Pattaya throughout March.
Bogie Lion pleads for respect for musicians The latter endured a mindless encounter with a worthless person.|Create happiness for people through singing and music, but instead of facing disrespectful people, suffering comes back. Previously, famous singers such as Eh Jirakorn, Joey Phuvasit, etc., were hot news, some viewers were disrespectful, becoming criticized for the safety of the artist's life. Bogie Pichsini Veerasuttimas, or Bogie Lion, is another artist who faces disrespect from the audience as well. He posted a message on the bowkylion fan page: "Please honor musicians like us, we use a lot of life to create art and bring you happiness from our music. Most of them live from musical performances in pubs, bars and night places. I'm happy every time I give you a good note, but I'm lost every time I get disrespected by my senselessness. Without knowing what other forms of senselessness to face tomorrow. The musician's job is to control the performance of music to a standard, but many times we have to control the mind to the numbness of the risk of unconscious people who do not value music. After he posted it, there were a lot of likes and comments and encouragement for the singer, some of whom added that they wanted the singer-musician to have a performance space other than the tavern because they wanted children and people who did not meet the standards set by the store to have access to music and art, etc.
Starch Arjira My mother couldn't stand it anymore after seeing strong comments. Leia|It's so cute that I can't really be fooled for Leia. The daughter of actress Omo Pang Arjira Laemvilai, but lately her mother has had to fly to work abroad. On Instagram, @pang_ornjira posted a photo of Leia smiling and bright, along with a short caption to her daughter, "Ma Mi's little boxing misses @loveleia.lee". This work is done by a beautiful mother. The message was posted on IG Story and wrote, "What's wrong with this comment?" with fans coming in to cheer on Mom and Leia.
Teacher Paiboon fights back after being asked how to take away a minor for 7 years|It is also an issue that many people pay attention to. For the case of singer A. Mira Cholwiralvanis. Prosecution of ex-husband Teacher Paiboon Saengduan On the charge of depriving a minor and committing an act against a child under the age of 15, it appears that the trial court found the defendant guilty under Section 319, imprisonment for 2 years, 4 krathongs, imprisonment for 8 years, and compensation of 350,000 baht without parole. Krupaiboon livestreamed on the TikTok app @greenyplus1 and someone commented asking if he lost the case in the court of first instance and will go to jail. He said, "People ask me what I'm going to go to jail, I'm going to jail for what I'm going to do, I'm not going to do it, I'm a wife, I'm together, how can I take minors, how can I take minors, how can I take them apart, how can they take a minor, they agree, their parents and their families know each other, how can they live together for 7 years, how can they take a minor? If you take it one month, two months, one year, two years, or he's reluctant. His parents were reluctant. Society doesn't recognize him as depriving. I don't want to talk, I want to talk... Those who know know know it. THE PERSON WHO DOESN'T KNOW IS PUK (WATCH THE CLIP)SPONSORED IF WE'RE GOING TO BE GUILTY OF DEPRIVING A MINOR FROM 56-57 YEARS BEFORE WE WERE DATING. The court has already listened to this. I embrace the decisions of the courts of first instance and all courts, but what I will fight for. I'll tell society. I proved that I wasn't deprived. We live together because we love each other, we have marriage certificates, we have children together. We go together because we love, let everyone know that I have a wife. We had children together, but after 6-7 years, we couldn't live together, we divorced, we separated, after 3-4 years I got a new wife. Am I wrong, I'm taking my wife and getting a new baby, am I wrong if I'm a normal person? Different people are finished, want to understand, speak as much as they can, but the court considers it. If you ask me, what I will tell both the court and society is that I am not deprived. We live together as spouses. I've been dating since I was in my 4th year of school, year 5, and I've been dating as a boyfriend. Everyone knows that being a husband and wife is just that, after many years, they broke up. His mother said he wanted to sue me, that I was going to sue him for defamation when he went on the show to mention me, and that's it."
"Golf" Open all shells. Fan heroism on Club Friday Show|On the Club Friday Show produced by CHANGE 2561, the young "Golf-Pichaya" revealed that he had a bloody fight with Mike-Pirat, almost putting boxing because he flirted with the same woman!! And now Mike, going as far as abroad, makes Golf feel like a competition between his siblings? Hot head until he punches the mirror until he gets blood. Every love that has always been thought of getting married, but with the current boyfriend, why is there such a wall that Golf says not to talk about? Follow Golf - Pichaya Open all shells. This Saturday at 11am on Channel 31.
Aye, Mira. The post-wife sat and listened to her husband, the lawyer said, "I'm stupid. Mom didn't agree.|After Krupaiboon Saengduan livestreamed on TikTok, he came across a commenter asking about the case that he lost in the court of first instance. He argued that if they had lived together for 7 years, how could they take away minors? If he is not willing. His parents were reluctant. Society does not perceive it. He was considered separated, we couldn't live together, we divorced, we separated, after 3-4 years I got a new wife. Am I wrong, did I take my wife and get my new baby? Mira Chonwiralvanis Krupaiboon's ex-wife shared a post by Lawyer Keng Wisarut Maneerat, the lawyer in this case, who wrote, "Show stupid, unconscious #บักขูลู when he agreed to sleep with his mother, he did not agree, I am stupid, fight for real, don't ask for the end of the appeal to wait for punishment", along with the caption "Someone got a book, the police"SPONSORED, before commenting under the post, "Yiyang is coming to livestream scolding people, saying that he is not wrong, that people are listening to their husbands, oh, or that they want to scold themselves but do not dare to scold me in the media. When you see your face, you will smile", making a good lawyer even comment in reply "Smile or yum hua", and there are also many netizens who have commented and encouraged Er Mira.
The Glory Part 2 comes at a time, with a summary of 5 points of revenge for bullying.|End the wait with netflix's second installment of The Glory, which fans have been waiting for months. Finally, streaming now on Netflix, and on the occasion of the premiere of part 2, Netflix has arranged for its filmmakers and actors to answer questions from fans around the world at a special event, including screenwriter Kim Eun-suk, director Ahn Gil-ho, and lead actor Song Hye-kyo. Jeong Sung Il Cha Joo Young, Kim Hee Aura and Kim Gon-woo join the event, so let's see what they can't miss in Part 2, The Glory Part 2, where fans of the series are looking forward to the vengeance of Moon Dong-eun and looking forward to the conclusion of The Glory Part 2, the epic part that everyone has been waiting for. Answer this question with 3 words: "confused, broken, and forgotten." AS SCREENWRITER KIM EUN-SUK HINTS THAT "PART 2 WILL BE EVEN MORE TERRIFYING", SPONSORED, WHEN THE FIRST INSTALLMENT ENDS WITH THE SUDDEN DISAPPEARANCE OF SON YOUNG-OH. There have been several hints that he may have been murdered. It leaves behind the mystery of what he resented against his "group of friends" and, more importantly, whether he was still alive. Kim Gon-woo, who plays Son Young-oh, said: "I don't know if I'm dead or alive, or maybe not both!", director An-gil-ho told fans that he puts a lot of effort and attention to detail in portraying the changes of the season. Which he uses as a way to convey how the story line goes. He also said that he put a lot of detail into the scene where Dong-eun opens to see the scars, which are contained in the trailer for Part 2. The actors revealed that in real life they were very close. This is completely different from the relationship seen in the series. At the end of the event, Cha Joo-young, who plays Choi Hye-jung, tearfully said, "Thank you for giving me the opportunity to meet such a good friend." Keep an eye out for the intense chemistry of the actors in the final arc of the series! A fan of the series talks about the scene where Moon Dong-eun breaks his fuse and screams, "Stop laughing like that!" which is also in the second trailer. Song Hye-kyo says that in Part 1, she tries her best to reach the character Moon Dong-eun. Screenwriter Kim Eun-suk concluded, "I tried very hard to be on the side of Moon Dong-eun as the story progressed to the end. TO MEET THE FINAL DECISION." Will we see Moon Dong-eun's victory in Part 2?
"Go Mr. Saxman". Send nostalgia through the Chinese version of "Song of Nostalgia".|A song of nostalgia...a Thai song that is ready to send nostalgia to the Chinese brothers. Mr. Saxman brought the beautiful song from The Sound of Siam, "Song of Nostalgia", which was sung by Pui Duangporn (Duangporn Pongphasuk), to be made into a new Chinese version by Anchi The Voice (Manatnan Aksornto) to welcome the influx of Chinese tourists visiting Thailand. Petchsuwan Deputy Governor for Asia and the South Pacific Having listened to the Thai version and loved the meaning and nostalgia that I had with my Chinese tourist brothers and sisters who had not seen each other for 3 years, I thought of making a Chinese version of the song this time. "SPONSOREDThis "Song of Nostalgia" is available today on MV: https://youtu.be/SUanoxgeHtc
It's not easy to become a "WayV tenl"!|Hot Korean artist Tenl-Chitpol Leechaipornkul or TEN WayV, the first Thai artist of SM Entertainment, recently opened up for an exclusive solo interview on "WOODY FM"... challenge "Each period is different," Tenl felt that each period that came in was a lesson that made me stronger. "After my debut, I had leg surgery because a lot of dancing caused leg problems, but after having leg surgery, I had to learn everything. If you can't dance, then we have to sing. It was the most exhausting time but the most rewarding time." When you come back, it's like there's a clip on the screen in Siam, and then you fall down and cry. What was you thinking at the time? Returning to Thailand every time, I feel sensitive, like a wall to protect Tenl from the outside world. If someone asks you a question about your family, or welcome home, you're welcome. It makes me sensitive every time. Thank you so much everyone for supporting Tenl"WayV. How's the single now?", WayV has just released its 4th mini-album called Phantom, WayV friends, everyone loves Thailand very much, loves Thai food, loves the energy of Thai fans. So let's try to promote Thailand. I will come to Thailand a lot this year. We've been doing fan meetups lately, we're going to tour many countries, "What's your next dream? "There are a lot of goals I want to achieve. Now I want to express myself more through music, through any book, I want to show that side more"Follow Woody FM on Podcast Channel : WOODY FM, Facebook: Woody, Youtube: Woody every Wednesday at 7pm.
"Man" reveals the secrets of life with "Vicky" still need to tease each other. Accept when wearing a bikini.|The actor who played the role of "Chai-Chatyodom Hiranyatthi" was even puzzled after being tied to the body. After the page opened, there was a male star who already had a family. Make a pregnant girl and ambush the sky, clearing the property. At the press conference for the opening of the project "Muang Thai Ratchadalai Theatre" and the opening of the big stage character "Venomsawat The Musical" at Muang Thai Ratchadalai Theatre, 4th floor, Esplanade, I asked him after being linked and revealed his love affair. Vicky-Sunisa The beautiful wife started out, "Definitely not me (laughs). Today's life is just about going to work and going home, being with your kids and your wife. This was the first time I heard that it had an acronym for it. And then going abroad to go back together should have cleared up with my wife. Clear credit card matters "Syria, is there a name that gets tethered?" There's no doubt that it's going to happen to a man and me," SPONSORED insists that he's still a man who loves his wife. But since having children, there's nothing to draw our attention or dedication away from the family. This is a necessity for family life. Having a baby is not a change of status, but it is an addition to more fulfilling pleasure. So we're still husband and wife, so we've got to keep that as best we can. Otherwise, I grew up seeing only my parents and not seeing the warm love we take care of each other. A man wants to show his children that a warm family is really there, that he can grow up with love, trust in the family institution, "It's called taking care of his wife and children, isn't it defective?" There used to be a place where we didn't go out to eat for a long time, which was really right because of how we worked. When I go home, I want to spend some time with my kids, but once we get used to it for a while, they'll be nudging us out about where we should go and do something together. That's why we're not indifferent. It's not that he doesn't care, it doesn't work"But how much does your wife wear a bikini? "It takes a little bit of heartache as well (laughs) It's a man who has been preparing for years and has been preparing for this stage, so we have to honor him and trust that he looks good at everything, so support"Does that mean that there is a need to argue somewhat?", not even to change the concept, but before coming out, we were already trying to figure out how big it would be.
The lace under the tree "Tigger Ashira" cultivates the "artist" until it shines.|For Tigger–Ashira Therio or TIGGER, heir to the famous singer of the 90s, Mother Nicole Therio and Cat Dad–Jirasak. Pan Phum follows in the footsteps of "Mother Nicole and Dad Cat" to become a new artist from GMM Grammy-affiliated G'NEST, having trained as a trainee artist for almost 3 years and releasing his first single "R U OK?" and fans are wowing! "I'm excited to finally be able to work as an artist. Working on music, singing, entertaining people is something I already love, absorbed since my baby mom would always open up music, take movies, I've always been artistic." "I chose to be an artist like them. IF I WANT TO GO ANYWHERE, MY MOM IS ONE HUNDRED PERCENT SUPPORTIVE." "No, before my debut, if I was singing something, I would sing in the bathroom, I was shy and didn't dare to sing to my mom because she was a big singer so I didn't want to hear it." "Yes, I'm shy and I want to see the finished work as the best, I'll be the one who, if not ready, will keep it until it's good, be the perfect person, so be the best person." "It's not difficult, I understand, I want to see the pictures, I can see some clips as well, but I said no. (Laughter) I'll have to wait and see with everyone." Add lights Send power, good reaction, see that it is very good. I feel like I can still be better. I'd rather prove it to my parents." "Don't cry, I'm happy in my style, sit back and smile", when I saw the tears in my mother's eyes, how did she feel? I even took a clip to sing. "When I was on stage, I didn't notice it, I just recorded a video and was smiling until I saw a clip of my mom crying (laughs)." I can't believe it's a real dream, to have a showcase debut, beyond what I really dreamed when I was a kid, I just thought of going on stage to play guitar with an indie brand. When I had such a great opportunity, it was really beyond my expectations", choosing a mom and dad song to sing something special about these two songs. I want to surprise you in my own way. I want to see my parents' actions, I want to tease. Sing your parents too (laughs)""Really, secretly there is a craving to prove it. I'm an artist in my own way. I'm Tiggor as an artist. It's not as sweet rock or pop as mom. I'm my favorite genre, and I know my parents are different from me. Acquired currents The releases are not the same. Use famous parents as inspiration to succeed, but not as badly pressured. It's a little hard to compare", with parents being both famous artists, will you expect us? It's obvious, but I know I can isolate because of how hard I've trained. I've spent three years training as an artist, many hours and hours of training. I have quite a lot of passion for making music. IT TOOK 3 YEARS TO BECOME A SPONSORED ARTIST. I studied instruments alone. I learned guitar with my teacher, trained in many instruments, and when I became a trainee, I had to add to my vocal, dance, rap, exercise, everything. Being an artist requires all the training, and I've added music to it, practiced a lot of things"Come today and 3 years of training, the results have healed, how happy it is, "yes, I forgot that it's a training (laughs). That's not how it can be. Be proud of yourself for going through a difficult day that is discouraging or feels unsure of yourself. Being an artist isn't easy"Think about where we picked up the artist from mom, "From mom, from mom, from her, it's probably entertainment. The firance and energy that I sent out to the audience, I think, was from my mother. I watched a lot of my mom's concerts. What kind of entertainment is it that empowers people?" and my dad talked about the language of music, "Yes, I speak the same language. My dad taught me how to make music, how to edit. Music production, multiple tags, mixing songs together My dad made his showcase debut. My dad said I was secretly improving. My dad worked a lot, we made music online, I would show him the songs that I made, and he was shocked to see how much I could do because I like to improve myself to see that if he was at every stage, maybe he wouldn't notice as much as for a long time. When I was studying music, I was in music. Guitar lessons with teachers Other instruments train themselves, listen to music and sheep. It's fun, feeling more proud of yourself, feeling full. Oh, we can do it ourselves, we've been late to music before, and at school there's musicals. I got the hero role. When I used to sound serious, I didn't learn techniques, I used serious voices, unfortunately, if I had a technique, maybe it was good, so I went to singing school at the Grammys. I went to sing lessons myself before becoming a trainee. I want to learn more to improve my voice. I finished playing the play, so I went to study sound development for a while, until the teacher told me to open a new camp, come to invite, feel like a good opportunity, go for it." I really absorbed all the art, I really enjoyed watching movies. Watch movies all the time. I like theatre. I've watched a lot of Broadway shows with my mom. Because I love the show. Now, making music means more to me than it makes me feel more fluffy. It's more fulfilling, full-field, so I'm focused on this first, but I love acting." "Yes, when I came out, I didn't use Thai to talk so I didn't know what to talk about or what I was adding. In the past, the little guy was shy. I'm really shy when I'm with a different friend. It's a different story (laughs)." "Yes, when I'm on stage I feel super comfortable. I unleashed everything. What worries The stressful thing I forgot all about. We're full of shows. Entertainment I enjoy the music, I listen to my brothers. Friends we train with from talking to each other. I don't understand what it means, I'll ask. I want to be fluent." One child in the room is always alone, and he trains alone in the room. As I said earlier, I was immersed in art throughout. When I learned guitar for a while, I was in it. I felt like it was the path I wanted to go on, so I listened to more music. Find a genre Find my idol or my favorite genre. It's not just about listening to music. I didn't force myself, but I really liked Soul's innings. Making music, I listen. I found myself listening to '70s soul music," Tikkor now has a lot of jokes, "When I opened up the world, there was a concert on stage. I watched a concert. Watch Live How does he communicate on stage? I didn't copy it, this one was very cool. So I want to be very comfortable like this, but there is energy, there is a lot of energy. Comfortable, not tense, not stressed, not worried from here, very alone in the room, and always listening to music. It all comes from the idol songs I came across." I collect records to keep as memories. This is the album that got me today, a lot of albums, but not a lot, because I'm not a DJ. Buy a store as a tangible real-life memory. I was alone a lot, so I found myself, bought a record and took what I listened to on my phone and it was like a diary, many of the albums inspired me to make music." Thank you, I secretly miss Mr. Bean." "I have a lot of idols, I want to be as good as an idol, there's John Mayer, there's singer Allen Stone, an American soul singer, who's singing because he's really fond of soul. I listened to it and loved it, and it started to go deeper into the world of soul music. singer My friend turned on my vocals with Allen Stone and compared them because he knew Allen was ticker's inspiration. Thai Artists Or Gerrard?" He trusts me if I have a girlfriend or someone to talk to. He will trust me to choose the right person for me. Trust me, I have to show you, feel like that?" Before getting serious about music, it was a long time. I'm a person who, if you're focused on your work, are one hundred percent focused. Focus on that alone. If there is a girlfriend or someone to talk to, it will not be fair. If I don't have time for him, how can it work? Now, select a task first. Focus on being an artist first"What is the spec like"Really, there is no spec. If I play music for him. He's going to have to open a lot of music, listen to a lot of different kinds of music like me. I listened to a song and didn't like it and said I didn't like it, so I had to speak the same language. When it comes to music, I have to keep an open mind because I'm always with the music."
jah nongpanee Share a story post Cloud Rama, if it is good, let it be saved, but if it is bad, let it be saved.|It is also being watched continuously for young businessman Mek Rama Radharama. The husband of actress Yadthip Rajpal, who was linked to the Macau 888 gambling case, before he clarified via his IG that he was not involved in the gambling website and did not escape. There is also the case of a luxury condominium purchased from Apirak Kotthi, the accused in the Forex-3D case, which he said was purchased through a broker. If it's good, then let's be saved, but if it's bad, let's be sympathetic to the person who has to come, kill because of this chain e-share"SPONSORED, among the comments from fans such as good, evil, know each other, fate it is on a rocket, ask to be hit, watch the news of the victims who committed suicide because they farm on the back of this person, so angry, why are they still floating in society because there is money?
Fon Thanasunthorn opens 20-year love journey with a handsome girl from a dog stick as a know-it-all|Another famous country singer. Fon Thanasoonthorn, who is now a gardener, plans himself to retire in the industry. latest Fon Thanasunthorn opened up on the show "Mam's Table" with the host of her mother, Mam Surivipa, revealing that life in the industry is in a downturn because there is a new generation of singers born instead. How many years have you been in love with your girlfriend?", this year is the 20th year, and we started to get to know each other as a dancer. At that time, a lot of people came to us, so we wanted to find someone to do with us, to take care of us, so we took him as a dog guard at first. I took it, so I missed the dog-proof stick. So we've been together for 20 years, "Have you ever thought about getting married?", he used to ask us to marry, but it was covid, so he said if there was an opportunity, he would hold a small event. He took care of everything in terms of managing the whole house and the back of the house, but the person who did the cooking would be us"SPONSORED, seeing that there are children too?", now there are 12 children. Accidents and deaths are strictly prohibited (meaning dogs). Our rule is to leave the house to keep the dog in a cage, "Plan for retirement, prepare to leave the industry?" Then we start by fermenting microorganisms. We went to see the concept of King Rama IX, who taught agriculture and gardening, which is the king's science, and many of them used to survive by helping themselves. This way is not dependent on the global economy. Covid is who gets COVID. Who will not have rice to eat, who will have nothing to eat, but we have our own garden, we have enough garden. We have our own kitchen, we grow things that are biennial plants. The edible plants first, such as papaya, that we have to buy may still be fish eggs, but if the garlic peppers can be grown ourselves, we have already planted them. Like making fertilizer, we do it ourselves, earthworms feed ourselves. In order to take earthworm droppings to feed the plants. The leaves are dry, we ferment them into the soil, "Is it as economical as we want it to be?" In the morning, I cooked my own clean meal. We didn't spend a single penny, but now we consulted Brother A, he was there to help, and if he saw us carrying something heavy, he would come to help. But if you give the earthworm a "don't take herbal medicine too?", we also grow our own herbs. Which is really good. We have a feeling that we don't have to go to the liver, kidneys, we have problems. When we ate the herb and knew that this herb helped extinguish it, it really solved the problem at the root cause. We're not sick anymore, we're taking medicine, we're taking medicine, we're eating medicine. Keep our bodies healthy. What we eat will go to fight all the germs,"Are you preparing to plan for retirement?" It's trial and error. We already have a place to garden, and many of you want us to be there. But we have to train ourselves before going on the field, "Since retirement?" I still love the legacy my grandfather gave me. It's as if one day we are not in the foreground, but we may be behind the scenes, such as a singing instructor, which we will not leave yet, and still want to be happy with heaven. We had planned that the work had to be done, but at the end of our lives we had to be happy, which we had already planned." With our era, his era, it also plays a part. But we still believe that we are still us, and that we are still idols for him, that we are ready to be here to pass on what we gained from our grandfather. Which we are very happy about. When there are juniors and grandchildren asking how to sing. We will be very happy and ready to give you a message but if anyone is good and he is good, then we do not dare to tell anyone.
Black ants, credit line, jig naowarat, sold at 100 million, but did not get a commission of a baht.|2 best friends Jik Naowarat Yuktanun and Pad Thai Glad Dee Dee Dee came to join the show "Unfold" on GMM25 channel. Black ant Tancharoen The broker paid the land to Jig, saying, "Sell to her for 100 million. She didn't give any commission," she said, putting her hand over her mouth before saying, "He's rich, so I don't give it." The black ant said, remembering Dada. Vrinda Another host told the black ant that he said not to because she was rich. Jig said that if you want to give about 4-5 million, black ants say not to be embarrassed, Jig immediately replies, "Don't be shy, give 500 installments a month." The black ant jiged again, "Mrs. Ng, she sold the money. Am I sold? Jig said that when the money came to him and was shocked, the black ant said, "Sold for 100 million, Mrs. Ng, at first I called to tell you to get it. What about the commission?" This work is very funny after being burned in the middle of the show.
Nicole Therio reveals the secrets of beauty in the face of a child forever|'90s singer Nicole Therio returns to her new look, making the boys shiver in a row. After releasing a beautiful new set of photos, showing off clear skin for many people to envy. She's been through a lot, most recently seeing her at a signing ceremony as a presenter for the ECLEAD brand. Ecleadpremium Serirs of Joule Infinite (Thailand) Co., Ltd., a manufacturer and distributor of ECLEAD, a premium skincare product from Kashihara Mineral Water. Nara Prefecture, Japan, where Nicole was appointed as a brand presenter. With the image of a working woman and taking care of herself to always have a healthy skin. She said: "It's an honour to be selected as the brand's presenter. As you know, Japanese products are very meticulous in various production processes, ensuring and experimenting first. When I use it, I like it very much, I feel that the skin is fuller, really moisturized, the texture is very good, absorbs quickly, can continue to apply makeup, and also wears more durable makeup. It feels really good, so Nicole said yes to being a presenter."
"7 Days before Valentine", 7 days before Valentine's Day, is set to hit screens later this year.|Bandir Bar Co., Ltd. celebrates the 2023 "7 Days before Valentine" (7 days before Valentine's Day). A romantic drama, a novelty drama, adapted from the popular novel "Rangsiman" or "Doctor Toot", which has been translated into several languages. Led by Jatupol Siridej Co-Founder and Bhimpan Taracheep The Managing Director of Bandir Bar Co., Ltd. presided over the ceremony. Teacher Tu - Pansak Sukhi, Director and Screenwriter and Ton - Pathomkrit End of pool Managing Director, Sinsier Bangkok Co., Ltd., a producer who creates quality works with a cast of actors led by Jet-Somchet Saejang, Atom-Nattapop. "7 Days before Valentine" (7 days before Valentine) is the story of a young man whose work does not dawn. Love still falls with all his might, but on the day he has to settle down to continue with his life. Fate plays a bad prank on him to meet someone, who can give him some magical blessings to get his lost love back in 7 days, but nothing is free in this world! Everyone needs to know to learn, and who is teaching him an expensive lesson.
Aye Maneerat announces single Accepted to be hired to be a fan of up to 6 digits.|The beautiful and talented actress Ae Maneerat, who announced her boyfriend in the middle of the show, revealed her bruising love experience with a man who always flirted. Plus, there are men who used to hire girlfriends to give hundreds of thousands. He has been in the industry for 15 years, has been discouraged from accepting jobs for many years, or wants to turn from a star to an actor to become a chef through a chat show. On Channel 131, with PK Piyawat and Chompoo Before Afternoon, the host of this beautiful show is very much like this. Er: I haven't been in love for about 3-4 years. Not a lot. There aren't a lot of conditions. Let's be outside the industry. Let's be older, be discreet, be kind, calm, single-minded, take care of us, take care of us. Do we have to have more assets than us?: Taking care of us doesn't mean having money. Having money alone and not actually loving it is not useful for Er. Being together, whether happy or unhappy, is willing to share. HAPPY TO BE BY OUR SIDE, ON DAYS WHEN WE'RE NOT CUTE, SPONSORED WHY DON'T YOU LIKE PEOPLE IN THE INDUSTRY?ER: WE'VE BEEN WORKING HERE FOR SO LONG THAT WE FEEL LIKE WE'RE NOT BUZZING. We stayed calm, maybe it seemed like this or not, and then we didn't really catch up with anyone, people came to flirt a lot, but didn't realize it? Every time I know that he has flirted is that he has gone through the flirting process, and so he has come, most of the time he comes in and talks to friends, something like this, like sharing stories each day, but we don't know, it's like a normal friend, when he goes, how do you know he's flirting?: He told me later. He said that he feels that we don't like him and we like him?er: Some people feel good, but we don't know if they like or dislike this, like a guy attacking at all?er: This one is a little scared, but it's like a friend, okay, but before I knew it, he was out of his efforts and someone hired a 6-figure girlfriend?er: Well, it's like playing a real game, like we've known each other, we've been friends for a while, but not that close, we talked, we felt like we were okay with this person, he was ok with us, but he didn't like it very much, he came to talk. Eat and eat He's been like us for a long time, and we're still feeling calm, so he doesn't know what to do. So he said, we like her, what are we going to do, we're stunned because we haven't reached that point yet, and he says can we take care of her? He's a playful. We asked him how he viewed love from his perspective. What is love? He said he wanted to have someone next to him to take care of, but his care and ours might not be the same. We feel caring for him is ok. He's a nice, nice guy, but his care might be more invested or something like that, but we need another way in which we're sick, have someone to take care of. There are people who support us when we feel bad. If this person doesn't open it with money, then flirt with us seriously?: Well, it could be another way, and when we found that, we stopped. The point is that when he joked, we were shocked because we had never seen anything like this, and then we had a wall and one of the owners came to flirt with it?: Yes, he said he liked it, he knew it like a friend. Like a friend of Aye who has a girlfriend, Er will know his girlfriend, which Er feels that we are not blocked from knowing anyone, especially a man who already has a girlfriend. We also know his girlfriend. We got double friends. When someone has an owner come in and talk. We talked as friends. We didn't get anything, but we knew each other. HE WOULD HAVE FELT GOOD ABOUT US, AND THEN HE SAID HE LIKED US, SPONSORED HIM, AND HIS GIRLFRIEND, YOU KNOW?: DURING THAT TIME I TALKED TO HIM. We're trying to say, hey. Bring your girlfriend. How's your boyfriend doing? This is my boyfriend who would love it, so I took him to this restaurant and he tried to avoid talking about his girlfriend, not bringing his girlfriend to meet him. We felt like it wasn't time yet, and when he said this, we were stunned. I told you, but I have a boyfriend. He said he felt good about us, we couldn't tell him and then he faded out, not just a man attacking. Er: I want to say that I don't like women. I like a man and that woman who comes in is someone in the industry?er: Yes, but we haven't seen each other for a long time, how did he flirt?er: I used to cut my hair short, maybe I feel like I'm a woman who can take care of it, and this girl is a long-haired woman too, cute. Then he saw us, understood that we liked women. 2. He tells him he's happy with us, and then he sends his eyes and tries to see if he eats anything. Are you okay? I like my brother so much, even though it's fleshy, I know that emotions like this I used to use with men. If a woman and a woman are friends, it will be another feeling, but this one will be another one, how do we respond to him?: We say thank you very much for being grateful. But he didn't like women, which he understood. Er: Cute women like to look at women means they like that?: No, I don't. If the relationship is an adultery No, I can't imagine kissing without choosing anyone, is it because of so much?: We take this seriously. When anyone comes in, we look long-term. If anyone doesn't click or doesn't have the same. We feel better not to waste time. Ask a friend, too. Why do people think that we have a boyfriend even though we don't have it, we are confused, friends say that we look alone and very happy, happy, in the end it may be too beautiful. We say no. Wait, don't you like beautiful people? Crying, is it because I'm so shy with that time? Our love is 100% down, so we want someone who we want as well to be a partner and walk away. Nobody wants to quit, but in the end, if we don't get along, or we talk, look at the present, and in the long run, our goals don't go the same way, so let's stop rather than touch. A: A person who is very devoted to love?er: Very serious, how do you want a man?er: We are willing to talk like friends, gradually come in, get to know each other, and be discreet, good heart, seeing that now happy does not mean that you do not want to have a partner. We're happy to be alone. But we believe that if you are full, we are full. We're both full, we're going to take good care of each other because we don't believe that if we're lacking, then we're going to fill in on anyone. We're tired, we feel like you're tired too, so we feel like we're full of each other, we've had a hard time, we've had accidents and miraculously survived. The team said that there was blood clots in the brain?: Yes, it is actually a single papules. It wasn't in the brain, it was in 2nd grade, before shooting, my best friend was in the province and then drove his motorcycle back from school. When I drove, I felt so sleepy and the sun was hot. We as a driver felt like everything was shut down, opened our eyes again to see the wheels spinning next to the shoulder. We were shocked to see the wheels spinning down. The brakes went all the way downstairs. Is there a helmet on this side of the face?: No, I was a teenager at the time. Fit in with my sister. My sister is nothing. My sister took me to the hospital. This side of the page is swollen. Must be in the hospital for months. I had to wait for it to collapse and heal, but the result of that accident was that I couldn't chew the rice well. It's about the jaw. Er: At that time, I thought that my face would be disfigured because the wound was half of my face, it was half a papules, and it was very swollen at that time. At least the face must be crooked, will you leave the industry to become a chef? Don't just go out of your way, you're still doing it, but the chef is an add-on, a person who likes to eat, especially Thai food. So it was a starting point, and before that, we went to a serious class, and then we had the opportunity to go to a competition. It was a lot of fun. At first I felt like I couldn't do it, but when I went to the race, I felt like I wanted to do it.
Ready to dress up Bring the adults to the official Kiv Drabhada request.|They've been dating for over 10 years. 7-color wig hero After Young Boom posted a picture of him taking his family to meet his family and asking for a girl, Kief got married, revealing this moment and captioning "Bring your parents to me, your father has already given permission on March 2, 2023".
Scott Chakpan The post boils over to whom, is poured from respected people, resolves the song so that it doesn't leave the same story.|Suddenly, something happened to the famous singer Gott. Chakpan The owner of the title of country prince, who now turns himself in the background. And by coming out to work behind the scenes, this is the reason for the post, which he vented his frustration on his personal Instagram, stating, "Because I was dumped by someone who used to be respected, I had to start writing songs again, trial and error. Nowadays, I can't fix it anymore#ศิลปิน the real practice #แตร๊ดตึ่ง #ขอบคุณที่ทําให้ผมฮึดครับพี่ #วันนี้พี่กลับมาทําเฉยเลยอะก็ขอบคุณนะครับพี่"This event brought together fans to cheer for Gott. For example, "Always be a positive force for your uncle. Will support uncle in every way, no matter what he does. A diamond is a diamond, I will love and look forward to encouraging each other always and forever. I know but I love my uncle the most, SPONSORED is the best, I would like to be another encouragement to my uncle. Let's be another encouragement".
Ning Panita smiled at the family's troubles, and Aum Pacharapa quietly cheered.|After actress Ning Panita tearfully admitted that her family had real problems and was working on a solution to the problem, the event brought a flood of friends and fans to cheer, including her longtime best friend, who has been dating for 10 years. Aum Pacharapa Chaisin sent a bouquet of flowers to cheer her friend. Ning Panita recorded a video with the words, "Come home and find flowers, 'Love Ning so much, from Aum'. Thank you, thank you very much, I'm wondering if this worries you so much. He's ok, he's smiling sweetly, he's happy."
Janet Green opened her face after plastic surgery at the age of 54.|Country singer Janet Green, who despite being 54 years old, still takes good care of herself from appearance to health. Sponsored by Janet Green reveals a picture of herself on the day of the surgery, including foxy eyes eyebrow lifting. Pulling the cheek slit back to firm again, and having only been doing it for a few days, I was already performing at a charity event. This event has attracted industry insiders and fans to comment on the beauty, such as salute and new singers. Fan favorites Janet is so beautiful, she's an 18-year-old girl who sniffs and #ไอเลิฟๆ green calves, and she has to be called Green. Thank you for your kind souvenirs, etc.
PrapatPat enters politics to fight for justice after being linked to money laundering case|Previously, the young actor Prapatpat Pattal. Suwanbang It became a hot topic when the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) informed him of allegations of involvement in the Forex-3D case in a money laundering scheme, and he had just submitted a letter to the DSI asking for an update on the case the day before. This has affected my career and personal life. Prapatpat was once again the subject of a buzz. When he decided to go into politics with the Thai Phakdee Party, he posted a lengthy post explaining why he decided to play politics: "I asked permission to use my personal space to give information to the media brothers about the leaked pictures that surprised the media fraternity, and they called me dozens as I drove home on March 7th, when I went to file a lawsuit at the DSI Building and talked about stories that were treated non-transparently by government officials. There was a convenient time to give an interview on the show on March 9, and with limited time at that time, the media was kind enough to give me space to clarify what was happening in my life. So I had to refuse to join the show. When I finished the debate show, I felt that I had enough to sit down and ask questions with the same facts that I had said a few times. As the society has watched and perceived from the live talks and in-depth phone calls with Brother Danai (old dog) and the unfolding behavior of government officials, this time there has been a wave of concerns from various parties who have warned me with concern from the information received and from the news that there is a counterattack of the other party who has the power in their hands to take action against me. I know how I'm going to be affected and how hard it should be, maybe not just me, but my boyfriend who is still in prison, but we've both talked about fighting quietly and calmly, and I've been trampled on unfairly, so I thought why should I keep the facts to myself and let the other party hurt us by spreading false news, so I decided to ask the media brothers to help spread the story to society. My life and my boyfriend's life may have been difficult, as many of you have warned against defeating those in power in their hands. But at least I've fought against injustice in front of a society that has been recognized from another angle. The night of the 9th Mina I got home almost midnight and there were so many phone calls that I felt stressed and thought I had had enough. I fought until I was exhausted. From now on, it's going to be the last fate I've received. I'm hesitant about whether or not I'll take it from the fact that I've cut a lot of wires. The person who called me introduced himself as Dr. Warong, the leader of the Thai Phakdee Party. He said he had been following the news of my case for quite some time, and saw how I fought. He appreciated being very courageous and thoughtful. He asked me what to do next. I said no. So he said that he and the president of the party. Mr. Thavorn, Sennium, and the party's working group want me to continue to use my courage to continue fighting, but this time I want to represent the fight for the villagers who have been bullied and don't know how to fight against them. The party is ready to support the fight to the fullest because it is the main policy of the party. I've always been disgusted with the word politics for me, and I've never had it in my mind because I've always seen it, I've always heard from having the opportunity to be close to these people in my career as an actor, to being abused today, how can I not be disgusted? Why do people like me hate politicians like me to work in politics? The answer is that there are many parties in the House, but the answer that disgusts my politics has led to the end of the conversation. When there is nothing to lose, then this is life when compassionate adults give a new path of struggle that can bring about social justice without justice being priced and there are ready parties who are ready to support. Let's bump into another corrupt person#ปราปต์ปฎล".
Fluk Krirkpol was stunned to find the condo's electricity bill jumping to almost 20 thousand baht.|In the summer, many people rely on air conditioners to cool off when they live in their homes, but if they use a lot, the electricity bills will follow as a shadow, as well as the young actor Fluk Krirkpol Masyavanich, who also opened the air conditioner in the condo to cool off. Krirkphol Masayavanich posted a picture showing the February 2023 electricity bill and wrote, "Ched Khe, electricity condo!", which in the electricity bill has details that it consumes 3366 units of electricity, electricity costs 14,657.47 baht, service charge 24.62 baht, variable electricity charge 0.9343 baht/unit 3,144.85 baht, 7% VAT 1,247.89 baht. Changing the type of air conditioner might help," before Flug replied, "I guess air."
Serving "Bua-Nalinthip" with a challenging role in the drama "Manee Vengeful"|Tear down every role you've ever been given. The sweet-eyed heroine "Bua-Nalinthip Sakul Ong-ampai" served up the bang!! In the first film filmed. After becoming an independent actor with the drama "Mani vengeful" on Channel 31, paired with the bright-faced hero "New-Thitiphum Techa forgive you", conveying a challenging role with love in every world. Every nation full of obstacles Intense thriller full of malice, with "Benj-Reviyanand Thakur" playing the role of a young spirit who follows the bullying non-stop. Arriving at the last bend is nearing its end. "Bua" tells !!!about this new experience, "This is the first unlocking of Bua after being an independent actor, it is considered that Bua is lucky to have a contract and have a job, difficult in terms of emotions, ghosts, imagination. We have to be tough. Enough is a ghost story. There's death, there's ghosts killing lives, it's hard emotionally. Filming in various scenes, including car crashes, diving, shooting at the cave, which is difficult to travel, go to Kanchanaburi province, take a 4-hour drive and go up from the ground up to the cave for another 1 hour. ON A ROUGH PATH, WE FELT LIKE WE WERE GOING ON AN ADVENTURE IN A CAVE, FILMING IN THE RAIN WITH SPONSORED. Enough is a ghost story. The director has imagination to put it anywhere, so there are a lot of scenes in the water, shooting for a few days. There is a scene of a car drowning. There was a day when I went overboard and went to the hospital. With that there is experience. I went overboard and had a cornea. This time, I was secretly scared, but I did my best. Going underwater, I had to try to get out of the car for a long time, until it was the last hurdle, so I was afraid I couldn't jump on my own. We had a safety team, but Bua didn't wait for the team to get their masks to breathe. When I came up, I had a headache like my head was going to explode. I have to go to the hospital. The CT scan and nothing could be that the pressure changes quickly, we were shocked and it took us two weeks to recover!!! "Bua" said, "The script is more tense, mysterious, more dramatic than we've ever played, other things, the sadness is heartbreaking, the loss of a family member, but this story is about death. In real life, we don't stress anything. As for working with New-Thitiphum, it's cute as a little girl. Everyone loves the whole pile, the character is a sweet little guy, but he has to play a dark cop, which he can play as a character. Everyone watched, and with Benj-Reviyanun, it was the first story, he was very cute, for Benj this story was heavy, a vengeful ghost, called this story heavy for everyone. What will the final arc look like? Bua wants to see it in the drama itself. Viewers may be able to guess the direction, but Bua thinks what's new about this is the way it's filmed. Storytelling and presentation of actors "Bua" is happy that everyone loves seeing themselves in more diverse roles. The fans came to tell Bua that he was glad that Bua decided to come out because as he supported us. When he sees his loved ones, he has a variety of works. He said that every time he saw our work, he would see it. He's very fluffy. Ask yourself how you prepare for every role. As an actor, you have to keep improving. "Bua loves an acting career, wants to keep doing it, is a job that she loves, can't see the picture, if she doesn't do this job, then Bua will do something!!! "Bua" revealed that "Bua thinks that everything that plays Bua is fully intentional, just hoping that what we intend will give something good back, which Bua feels that what we get is a good opportunity to get back"Now "Bua" has a lot of work filming 2 Korean remake series, "REMEMBER" and Nonkul-Chann, MONO29 and MONOMAX, and Emergency Couple series with Sean Jindachote by True CJ Creations, which Bua has never played in before. The way it's different from drama has to be relearned, and Lucky in Game has to be relearned. Lucky in Love? Many people wonder because on Valentine's Day, everyone turned on the sweet sweet pack mode, but "Lotus" posted a picture holding flowers alone. Surprise answer!! Now the heart is not lonely. Someone has already talked. I want it to be slow and slow, but sure "Bua" revealed about this relationship, "With love, I still feel that if one day We were lucky enough to find the right person to reach another destination that every woman wants to reach: get married, build a family. But now Bua feels that Bua has just come out as an independent actor. Bua is very happy with the work. If it's going to be yes, then it's going to be right at the right time. Asked if he understood that we were not in a hurry and had not opened, he had to understand because if he did not understand, he might not have known about it in the first place. Really go around, live a normal life, don't turn anything off, but just don't focus now. If one day someone opens that young warp, it is not a problem, but for Bua, it honors the person who talks, wants to give him personal space. We don't want to change anything in our lives, we live our normal lives. Slowly let it go. Bua thinks it's nice to be here. Makeup : Praew-Jaraspim Itthithanakorn @wearqpraewHair : Film-Vipalak Kanda @hairfilmmStylist : Luk Pla-Pornsuda Vanikorn @moiisangPhotographer : Pong-Noppadol Thamniyom @pongberryz Mount Chad, arranged every episode. Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
The director posted a picture of her hugging her mother in the movie, a puppet that was cut off by a pile of censors.|It has become a hot trend in the online world. After a new Thai film, puppets were subjected to film and video review committees or censorship divisions. It is classified as a rated film. F. 20+, which is a rate that prohibits viewers under the age of 20 from entering, must check their ID card in front of the cinema before entering, arguing that some of the film's content may affect religion. As a result, Five Star has postponed the film indefinitely. Mike Pantharit Chotikritsadasophon, director of "Puppet", posted a picture of the scene that was cut out of the film by the censorship division, which is the scene where she hugged her mother, and wrote a message describing the scene: "The woman who hugged her is the mother, the biological mother, the mother is in a state of panic, crying and shocked, that the daughter (sister) has #หุ่นพยนต์been hit by a ghost. It's not worth cutting at all, this one is puzzling, measured at the intent, from the media round there is no scene that deserves to be cut at all. Every character has a cause and effect, every action. Teach the audience to even encourage the puppet team, etc.
NCT DREAM gives away brightness in Thailand again The fans were very impressed with the songkran song.|A K-pop band that has exceeded the NCT DREAM, which includes: MARK, RENJUN, JENO, HAECHAN, JAEMIN, CHENLE, AND JISUNG Visit Thailand with a full concert in 3 years and 3 monthsSPONSORED with more upgraded performances with a larger concert scale like IMPACT Arena for 3 performances with NCT DREAM TOUR 'THE DREAM SHOW2 : In A DREAM' in BANGKOK) on Friday 10 March 2023 (19.00), Saturday 11 March 2023 (18.00 hrs.) and Sunday 12 March 2023 (16.00 hrs). It also reinforced its overwhelming popularity, with all concert tickets sold out as soon as bookings opened, with a total of more than 35,000 people expected to attend. On Saturday, March 11, 2023 at approximately 4:00 p.m. at Venus Meeting Room 3-4, IMPACT Exhibition Hall 5, NCT DREAM gave an interview about the concert, as well as its success as a 'Triple Million Seller', an artist who has sold over 3 million albums. and future plans. DJ Nui Thanawat as host And this event, DJ Nui also served as a teaching 7. Young NCT DREAM to sing Songkran as well. This work tells that all 7 boys sing along very clearly. It impressed the fans who were all so cute.
Cancer hurts the whole house!|Families are in need of difficulty, but they have to come to suffer from a terrible disease and have to take care of the sick. Even harder. Meet the story of the pawnbroker "Aew", 57 years old from Phitsanulok, whose family was bitten by cancer at the whole house, but fought back even though he had cancer, collecting vegetables for sale to raise money to support his bedridden daughter since birth. After 4 years, an elderly mother detected another stage 3 uterine cancer. AS A RESULT, THEIR ENTIRE FAMILY WILL SUFFER SEVERELY FROM THIS TERRIBLE DISEASE. The income is not enough to bring money to treat and buy necessities, including adult diapers. Even though I barely worked, but the money was not enough, so I took my valuables to pledge until I ran out of the house, including the house, I took it to mortgage this week, "Ao" walked into the show with the pawn, the last valuable television, bought for more than 30 years, to win together how much money to get back and whether it can be redeemed. In the list "Pawn Games" Today, 6 p.m. Thai Rath TV Channel 32.
Tukki rushes to confirm after Nikki-Koi is caught up in a love affair or breaks up |It must be admitted that Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachaporn are another couple who have a lot of fans following and cheering. When a page Jemoy 108 posted a message on Facebook saying "#นิกกี้ก้อย" with a look-on emoji after twitter had #นิกกี้ก้อย After Page Je Moy posted the message, netizens rushed in to comment. There are a lot of comments on this subject, and one of them is Tukki. Sudarat, who rushed in to comment on Nikki Nachat after the hot splash happened, said, "My son still loves each other, but it is a song called tongue and teeth, meet whenever it's a big deal, water and fire, if far away, tigers and singhs fight each other every now and then#แค่งอน! Sudarat has confirmed that Nikki-Koi is just curling up or not, so we'll have to wait to hear from their mouths. 
"Girly Berry", the mother of Y2K, revives "Young & Giftsa", wielding a pair of paparazzi eyes.|The legend of slow dancing, dancing every syllable, the 4 girls have not been together on TV for 10 years!! Measure your skills, remember the song... Before reminiscing about the tour era "There is no rest, one month, one day off is luxurious, dogs barking", seeing fans of all kinds, getting egg-thrown, earplugging at them, shouting that they are not beautiful, dancing not ready, secretly taking photos under the skirt, yan Sex Phone!! Anyone born in time will understand. Celebrities, singers, wherever they move, will be secretly filmed and always in the news, there is love to be closed, but it does not escape the paparazzi eyes because it really exists in all places. "Paparazzi are scary too, Giftsa, have you?" My dad asked me and he quickly replied, "What's wrong with you!!!?" Stay tuned for more on "3 Zap" this Sunday. 15 p.m. on Channel 3 HD and watch back on www.youtube.com/polyplusentertainment 
The girl claimed Pope Thanawat sent a message to Su Ng, why hasn't she given up this habit yet?|It's another hot topic that has caused people to tweet and crackle. A Twitter user posted that he had received a direct message from the IG of the famous hero Pope Thanawat, along with a photo of the message in his inbox and Instagram screen caps. After the men have blocked the other party. He tweeted on Twitter, adding, "She hasn't given up this habit yet, so I didn't reply to block 55555555555555". There are a lot of criticisms, such as, "It's like having news like this, but it's been a long time. Look on Google or see if it exists, it's the same. In fact, I haven't stopped this kind of behavior yet, is it? Next, who wants to join, I think I'd better go buy some food. There are a lot of celebrities who open up to accepting men, don't be blushing, protect, think if someone else does this, still will say nothing, or is your sister getting hit like this, will tell nothing patch", which is true? HOWEVER, WE MUST WAIT TO HEAR THE TRUTH FROM THE MOUTH OF THE YOUNG HERO POPE THANAVATANA, PROBABLY THE MOST SURE.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Nui Sujira Turn on Zap mode. Wielding a sweet husband by the pool, relaxing for the summer.|Despite being a mother of two, Nui Sujira's beauty and beauty are still invulnerable, matching the title of Miss Thailand 2544, recently Nui along with her husband Pound Chayapol went to relax in the sea of Pattaya and dropped a picture in a bikini, revealing white skin, aura and a super body with the caption "Let's swim #ได้เวลาสนุกแล้วสิ #ฉันจะไปพัทยา#เน้นถ่ายรูปไม่เน้นออกแรง #ชุดคู่ก็มา #ชุดสวยเป็นเหตุสังเกตได้". Many of those who followed were focused on the mother's beauty, good figure. The skin was white, and I asked him how old she was. BECAUSE THE FACE IS VERY YOUNG.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
See the movements of Ploy Chermal After rumours of a relationship with Big 2P |It's being watched a lot. After the news broke that actress Saeb Ploy Chermal had broken up with young actress Claudeen Atittaya Craig. Despite having previously posted a sweet photo of her 2nd anniversary in December 2022 last year, Claudine suddenly set her Instagram account to private. Then the famous page Je Moy 108 came out to sow a hint of "a strong heroine, he giggled with a singer and rapper" and asked for the opinion of the fans, if it is true, what everyone will say. Which netizens who follow have come to comment on the hint that "P.J. and T.T.P." and many others have guessed various things. RECENTLY, GEMSTONE HAS MOVED ON INSTAGRAM, WHERE HE POSTED A PICTURE WITH A LARGE STRAWBERRY BALL WITH THE CAPTION "MUMPHIN CAN'T WAIT, WOW WOW". As for which direction the rumors will go, we will have to wait for Mr. Mam to clarify herself.
Jae Nongpanee cleared not to know Cloud Rama still hopes that karma is stronger than money. |After country singer Jae Nongpanee Mahatthai, one of the victims of the Forex-3D case, posted a photo with a message from the "Victims" page that talked about the story of Mek Rama, did you know Apirak or not. If it's good, it's good, but if it's bad, let's take pity on the person who committed suicide because of this chain e-share." The singer posted a news clip to clarify the case in which he posted a message about the Forex-3D case that became news, which he explained, "Please allow me to use the clip and clarify at this point, I don't know him personally, so there is no need to hate him,,, THOSE WHO ARE 100% CHEATED BY THE BAD GUYS, THERE ARE MANY FAMILIES WHO HAVE LOST MONEY AND LOST LOVED ONES. People like to say that it's caused by greed, yes, we've always said yes, but don't you think to blame the bad guys for deceiving others? It's been a long time. The longer you know, the deeper you know, the more you know that this is it. The bad guys movement,,, Answer clearly. If it's good, it's saved, but if it's bad, it's good." In addition, Jae Nongpanee also commented, "May karma be stronger than money". What the conclusion of the case will be, we'll have to keep an eye on it. 
Bright white to the whole body. Mo Amina Wearing a swimsuit to show off her figure Sexy, hot at every angle.|Going to the beach, Mo Amina also set Instagram on fire. So I asked for a salad and picked up a swimsuit to wear to the sun, showing off my beautiful figure in the sun. Mo Amina posted a picture of herself in a horse-green one-piece swimsuit. High concave Show off your slender, long legs, drive your skin super white despite the strong sun, the weather is hot. Mo Amina is making a temperature spike. Get likes This event tells me that the boys saw it and almost melted.sponsored
Kat Sonya wedding of a businessman boyfriend The bride is as beautiful as a princess.|After the young heroine, Kat Sonya Sinha. The Channel 7 actor was surprised by a businessman boyfriend who proposed marriage. After more than 3 years of dating and today, March 12, 2023, it is a good time for the couple to put their hands together at the wedding gates. The atmosphere at Cat's wedding is as luxurious as many people's dream weddings. In the morning, it is a ring-wearing ceremony, watering the conch, and in the afternoon it is a wedding celebration among family members and close friends in the industry. Outside the industry, who witnessed the couple's love affair in abundance. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to congratulate both of them.
Lace under the tree Mayu Young-May daughter asks to play with her mother (video)|It took me a surprise to the mother. When suddenly Mayu The beloved daughter of May Pathida and Young Korrachai wants to try out some of her mother's plays. Mayu, who will be playing the drama "Cage Doksorn" on Channel 3, hosted by Mae May, at Ban Lo Waen, Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi. I'm looking for an actor to join the set, but Mayu has said earlier that she really wants to play her because she usually asks him about it before. He told me not to play, but he said that if there was an opportunity, he wanted to play, so I asked him if there was a role for me to play. Because he doesn't usually care about acting or performing or doing anything. Mayu: I want to play with my mom because I think it's going to be fun and it's fun to play a play, is it hard to play?Mayu: We have to wear a mic here (pointing at the leg) and it hurts. Mayu: Yes, what kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: What kind of role do you want to play?Mayu: May: Today I want to win because I have a child, so there will be a lot of blocking whether walking or looking at the camera. We want him to focus on the actor, just like most kids when they go on set, and if he's honest, he can't do it at all, maybe because there's no dialogue yet. If there's a dialogue, it's said that let's try it first, it's a lace drop under the tree?: I don't know, we don't force it, it's up to him. If he wants to, he can. Do you want to be an actor? May: Do you want to be a presenter like Mae Mayu: Do you want to play for a fee?May: Do you want to go to Hokkaido May? May: If you're really interested, I don't know, because I just tried it. In fact, it's a lot more troublesome. Being an actor is exhausting, he's just trying and he's comfortable with a lot of things. In a little while, he'll know it's hard to get in here. How tired is that? He probably didn't want to continue, but if he wanted to. He really liked it, didn't block it, gave him a chance, really gave him a chance. It's just that he never wanted to do it in the past. He just wants to do it now, maybe at his age, or because he knows it, he wants to try it out, young brother Korrachai, is it a surprise that he changed his mind to play? I didn't say anything today. He already knew (smiling) that he said he didn't have to hurry. But here I am, baby, since the morning. He was afraid that he would be tired, but he came in the morning, and May, because May had to come to the pile early in the morning, and he was afraid that he was tired too. Mayu: What do you like on set?Mayu: Do you like the brothers who shoot because he plays with me around the front? Mayu: Leave your mother's drama about the flower cage as well. The script is Namsai, Mayu will be an actor, May: Well, let's leave the scene that Mayu plays with. I don't want to tell you when I'm at the time. Keep watching and let's see when each episode will pop up, but it's guaranteed to come as a surprise (smile).
"Mike" has been in the U.S. for 3 years and has been traveling to America in 15 days.|It's a couple moments. Young hero Mike-Pattaradet Sanguandee made vlog content to travel to America on the show "Bai Di" on YouTube channel, wielding a close girl Pukluk-Fonthip Watcharawong with until many people teased the sweetness. "Best Drama 7HD, Good Drama Press 35" at Central World Shopping Center at Mike Huan opposite Mukda-Narinrak In the big drama "Petra Narumit", I have to ask where to do the vlog?", I did it with Pukluk, right? My mom is old, so I took care of her, and now I'm traveling, so I'm going to spend 3 years together in 15 days, I'm very tired, I'm going to America. When we travel, we are happy, maybe we do not travel, eat, or go in any way that is obvious, but we go and it is happy, we want to convey what we are to our fans. I don't have a plan. There's no content, we'll hit each other (laughs). They didn't tell each other. When I accidentally picked up the camera and took a picture, I was upset, right? Raise the camera, "Did the mood change?", didn't change, he deleted the clip (laughs). Tell me to delete my phone now"Call it a trip to measure the mind?", measured very mentally. A lot of things. Like I said, it's been 3 years and 15 days, and I'm a clip maker, and I like to hang out, but I want to go. When I arrived, I didn't give him any jet lag. WOMEN LIKE TO BE HUNGRY AND ANGRY WITH "WHERE DO MOST SPONSOREDS GO?" ALL OVER. Keep going. We have plans for the first day to go to New York, the second or third day to go to Mia, there's something like this, everything is already booked, but if you want to go anywhere other than the plan, how many EP did this trip have? I kept shooting foot, shooting as many shots as possible, and we sent them to the cutter. Now it's 2 EP, which still has a lot left"Will it be made as income or just kept as a memory?", it's mainly a memory. When we travel, we rarely record videos. Most of them are looking forward to traveling, eating, and 100 percent of the atmosphere there, but we want to have a picture to remember. So we created YouTube too. When we think about it, let's open it, "Keep it just in case, pre-wedding, right?" I don't know (smiling) "Are you really serious about shooting together?" When I go anywhere, I ask if anyone wants to go with me, but as I said earlier, I can't go on a trip. Now, when we go on a trip, we want to record a video. At least we came back and laughed," another rumored question that one of the heroines would be returning to Channel 7. I really don't know"Is he shocked by this rumor?" As for the drama, there are already contacts from many places. I'm not sure if there's a Channel 7 too." How do we feel?", let's play together (laughs) waiting, that's what I said in the first play with him, which he was like an actor, I remember he delivered very well, we just accepted, oh, it's fun." I want to play a role disguised as bisexual, a girl friend, and the heroine doesn't know that I'm a man."
Manager Burn Pimprapa with amazing heroism Hair powder - false eyelashes used and attached to the front of the car.|This work has stunned the audience quite a bit because they do not think that the beautiful heroine like Pim Pimprapa. There will be a corner that is secretly dirty, not least because of the latest. Pim's manager sits down to burn the child's hair with a behavior that makes the manager look on and has to train a large set of people to listen to the show. Pimniyom said that the first time we met, we met at a restaurant. Pim condition is white head. I don't wash the powder, it's very sticky, I walked with my mom, I saw and wondered why there was flour on my head, and I didn't tie my hair. But at that time, the flaws had not been solved. I still don't know how to be beautiful, and then manager Pim unfolds the behavior of the actors in charge of letting the world know that I used to ride in Pim's car and was really surprised, thinking that I was riding in a car or garbage, there was no legroom, junk food was garbage underneath, used eyelashes and put on the car console. IT'S NOT JUST ONE PAIR, BUT THERE ARE MANY PAIRS, SO I CAN'T SAY THAT. What if I put it back on and my eyes are shrimp shot and I can't go to work? Pim argued that I hadn't seen anything yet. Before Pim excused himself for being introduced by Shere Thigamporn before the manager told him that after getting into Pim's car again, he saw that it was fine. But in the end, I realized that the car looked cleaner because I stuffed all my belongings behind the car. And the cheekbrush is tucked away on the heel. When I get scolded for being dirty, it's a woman who needs to be bulging here, it starts to get better, but instead gets hit with nails.
"Oscars 2023" Believe this year's ceremony, there is no bleeding out the tires.|The 2023 Silver Screen Oscars will take place at 7:00 a.m. local time on March 13 or 8:00 p.m. local time on March 12. This year's Academy Awards were held for the 95th time at the Dalby Theatre. Theatre in Los Angeles, California The U.S. is run by veteran comedy host Jimmy Kimmel, who this year marks the third time he has been honored to host the Oscars. After taking charge in 2017 and 2018, local media reported that Jimmy Kimmel hoped this year's ceremony would go smoothly and tried to forget the events at the 2017 awards that caused the misinterpretation of the Best Picture awards. A famous black star walked onto the stage to slap chris rock in the face, the big comedy host, for teasing jada pinggett smith. Will Smith's wife said she had shaved her head, saying she was asked a lot about whether there would be any other issues this year. Will there be any more violence? Personally, I hope not, but if there is, let's see that at this year's Oscars, we have changed the color of the carpet to a bright champagne color. Instead of red, as always. It shows that we are absolutely confident that there will be no bleeding from the tires. Hollywood Media According to the reporter, changing the red carpet color to a bright color has nothing to do with the bleeding of the carpet. The transition from day to night has gracefully been reported, bbc England news agency reported, adding that it is difficult to predict who this year's winner will be. There are three best films: Everything Everywhere All At Once, starring Michelle Yeo. Old movies are reworked. Western Front Story All Quite on the Western Front and The Banshees of Inisherin, while the favourite stars will win an Oscar. They include Austin Butler, Brendon Fraser, Kate Blanchett and Michelle Yeo. The star, who caused the incident last year, will not attend due to being banned from the Academy Awards for 10 years.
Yuki Penpaka Freshman Camp Golden Jar The response was good, the queue was long for most of the month (clip).|Is a famous singer who has attracted a lot of attention from music fans. For Yuki Penpaka, golden jar After saying goodbye to Dr. Lam Wihak and Maz tells the golden jar camp, causing a lot of drama, Yuki himself has already cleared the fans to understand. Thai Rath Entertainment on Thairath TV Channel Speaking about the feedback from the fans at the moment, he said, "What's the feedback like after the old release?", the feedback is good. Everyone is as supportive as ever. Some people just know us from the news, "Go to concerts wherever there are fans following us?"Yes, my brothers and sisters go almost everywhere." People may think that we betrayed the same camp?"Oh, there is a part, there is a part of me that thinks negatively, but in the section of people who think negatively than those who think positively, there are some ungrateful people"Yuki cleared or communicated with fans?"This one is not specific to the person, but has already told everyone on the page to clarify, which he understands"SPONSORED sees that the job queue this month is very tight?"It's almost a full month, there is still room for hire. This is a concert, it's a country singer. Indie singers only perform for 1-2 hours a day. I'm not like Dr. Lam, Doctor Lam will show you 9 hours a day, relaxation will be different"How many jobs do you get in 1 day?"Now you accept 2 jobs a day"Is this time in Bangkok or upcountry?", this period is probably in Bangkok, most of the time, but when there are jobs in other provinces, I go back and forth. "I'm still the same, I don't eat cold water and I take vitamin supplements for my body?" After we came to the golden jar camp?", no pressure. I'm excited and I'm more than happy," how do you feel about seeing your brothers in the camp? We haven't seen each other yet."Recently, Yuki went to a concert and there was a ninja. My father's son, Prajakchai, went to help watch us cue. "I saw the news, this one is nothing, it's just siblings. Some of them may catch us jin, but they may not have jin. He helped take care of the job queue, "Mommy Huang, don't you dress?" I didn't dress in the first place," he said. It's been a while since I've been out in the media. "I'm excited"Finally, I want to leave the meat to the fans?"Please follow me with Yuki Penpaka, Golden Hai, I will have a new single coming out soon".sponsored
Helen teaches gang heroine m. Real life doesn't have to show Should apologize to man will look very good (clip)|Helen Powara is another famous star sculptor of the entertainment industry. In the clip, Helen said at length, "I want to speak out about the case of a group of actresses who went to the allusion not to mention the names of those affected, we know who they are, and then everyone comes out to apologize, but it seems like an apology, but it's not like an apology, it's like an apology. I think it's really heartbreaking. He wouldn't want to apologize, but he wouldn't have liked each other's faces to say that. I don't really feel like I want to apologize. I'm sorry, I can't say I'm sorry, but how can I look at each other after this? I could have smiled or something, because I wasn't going to do anything, but the person who said he must have been ashamed of that. I feel guilty. Will he feel guilty in himself, will he dare to apologize, will he dare to admit the guilt he said? Even if what I'm telling you is a misunderstanding. Which I know very well because someone called to tell me about what the inner circle was actually like. I didn't change my dress because I wanted to change it, but the dress was really lacking. Organising, he clarified. He wouldn't want to steal anyone's scene. Do you understand, but who says he? I understand it's supposed to be something you're going to apologize for, even if you don't mention your name, society knows who that person is. Excuse me, man, you will look great, you will be the one who made the mistake and dared to admit it, not swipe it. Uncomfortable talk I understand that the heroine can't lose face. Ego is a lot, understand, is it worth being condemned by society? How to apologize just for not making yourself look good at all, it makes yourself worse. Do you understand what you're saying the entertainment industry doesn't last? Absolutely nothing. Nothing is permanent, only good is sustainable, it must be true. Real people live by acting, real life doesn't have to be acting because when you're on TV, you do a lot of acting. Therefore, the reality is in real life, must take the truth to talk about after Helen Pawara posted such clips, there are many netizens who have commented on this story, such as "4m may not be fated and probably confused how Blo came to the forefront. I'm sorry, I don't know, thank you, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. GOODNESS IS SUSTAINABLE, HELEN IS RIGHT."
Oscar 2023 Michelle Yeo First Asian woman wins lead actress award|The 95th Academy Awards 2023 is one of Hollywood's most prestigious awards stages to look forward to. This year's event was held at the Dalby Theatre. Hollywood Dolby Theatre California The United States, like all those years ago. On the evening of March 12, 2023, U.S. time, or monday morning, March 13, 2023, american TV host and comedian Jimmy Kimmel took over as host, replacing last year's host Chris Rock, who refused to take on the role of host this year. This year, 11 most nominated Everything Everywhere All at Once won 7 awards, the most on this stage, and All Quiet on the Western Front won 4 SPONSORED, Top Gun: Maverick and Avatar: The Way of Water won 1, while Marvel Studios' superhero film Black Panther: Wakanda Forever also won 1 award for this year's winners. By Branch Best Picture - Everything Everywhere All at Once Best Actor - Brendan Fraser for Best Actress - Michelle Yeoh for Everything Everywhere All at Once, Best Director - Daniel Schianert and Daniel Kwan for Everything Everywhere Actress All at Once for Best Supporting Actor - Ke Huy Quan for Everything Everywhere All at OnceSPONSORED for Best Supporting Actress - Ke Huy Quan for Everything Everywhere All at OnceSPONSORED for Best Supporting Actress - Jamie Lee Curtis for Everything Everywhere All at Once for Best Supporting Actress - Jamie Lee Curtis for Everything Everywhere All at Once for Best Screenplay - Jamie Lee Curtis for Everything Everywhere All at Once Daniel Scheinert and Daniel Kwan for Best Adapted Screenplay- Women Talking for Best Animation Feature Film- Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio for Best International Feature Film - All Quiet on the Western Front (Germany) for Best Documentary Feature Film - Navalny directed by Daniel Scheinert and Daniel Kwan for Best Adapted Screenplay- Women Talking for Best Animation Feature Film - Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio for Best International Feature Film - All Quiet on the Western Front (Germany) for Best Documentary Feature Film - Navalny directed by Daniel Scheinert and Daniel Kwan for Best Adapted Screenplay- Women Talking for Best Animation Feature Film - Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio for Best International Feature Film - All Quiet on the Western Front (Germany) for Best Documentary Feature Film - Navalny directed by Daniel Scheinert and Daniel Kwan for Best Adapted Screenplay- Women Talking for Best Animation Feature Film - Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio for Best International Feature Film - All Quiet on the Western Front (Germany) for Best Documentary Feature Film - Navalny directed by Daniel Scheinert and Daniel Kwan for Best Adapted Screenplay- Women Talking for Best Animation Feature Film- Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio for Best International Feature Film - All Quiet on the Western Front (Germany) for Best Documentary Feature Daniel Roher for Best Documentary Short Film- The Elephant Whisperers for Best Short Film Live Action - An Irish Goodbye for Best Short Film Animation - The Boy, The Mole, The Fox and the Horse for Best Original Score-  All Quiet on the Western Front for Best Original Song - "Naatu Naatu" from RRR Music by M. Lyric by Chandrabose Best Sound- Top Gun: Maverick Best Production Design- All Quiet on the Western Front Best Cinematography- All Quiet on the Western Front Best Costume Design- Black Panther: Wakanda Forever Best Makeup and Hairstyling)- The Whale in Best Film Editing - Everywhere All at Once Best Visual Effects-  Avatar: The Way of Water
Patchar Anon yanks another voice relationship Nikki-Koi loves or breaks up after being caught|After previously famous director Pachar Anon teased Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachaporn on one of the shows, Tails ran away from home because Nikki was hanging out and went home late at night. Because of this, many people wonder if Nikki-Koi will be the other silent couple. Latest Pachar Anon, who came to worship the movie Tiger 1 at Wat Bang Phra (Luang Por Pen). Nakhon Pathom province was asked by the media about Nikki-Koi's relationship after being caught in the crossfire about whether they were still in love or broke up as rumors circulated. The famous director revealed that the story Nikki and Nikki tease it, Nikki and Tails it's about him, but we tease Nikki, we tease and know what's going on? Do you want to talk to me? I don't think so. Because Nikki loves Tails so much. Nikki doesn't look sad, doesn't take personal stories for granted, but looks at a lot of things. Nikki took it as SPONSORED, thinking that she shouldn't break up? They don't quit because they love each other, they're girlfriends, there's a bit of a kink, but there's a news of a breakup. Did you know? I went to tease it because that day it came to tease me on a channel show, and then I teased it back. There's really nothing because he's a teenager, so reconcile with Nikki at the pile? When the tower broke. Tails came, sent Nikki, and went.
Jenny, if refreshed, grilled ink, brilliant, camouflaged, gives people away, but finds drama.|Just a few days ago. A country singer with a good voice, Jenny, if refreshed, or Rush Nok. Suwanket had grilled squid of Keng Camouflage at Ramintra Express Flea Market and posted a clip of people lining up to get grilled squid for free. When Jenny Mao gives away 1000 grilled inks" and "Jenny, if refreshed, Mao grilled squid, brother Adept, camouflage, give away for free. Ramintra Express Market, cracked !!!, grilled squid, dipping sauce And this event has people admiring the mature kindness of the famous singer, "Being kind, knowing to share is a beautiful thing, encouraging it, very good. The poor will eat some, the younger ones are much cuter. Hmmm, the more I give, the more I wish I could return a million times"But there are some netizens commenting on the drama. Tell Jenny if it's refreshing, go to another restaurant and give it to some people, "I think I'm going to a restaurant where he doesn't have anything to eat and get famous, let's go to another restaurant that doesn't sell well, I'm glad, let's go to a restaurant where he's going to eat some buoy, he's subsidizing his friends, he's going to go to another restaurant that doesn't sell well, when are you going to rent an orphanage or a homeless person?"
Beautiful pu praya Peck see-through doom doom Oscar party opposite mom Fan Bing ping|Another color of the red carpet, the 95th Oscars are inevitable. The legendary Oscar Celebration Party "The 31st Annual Academy Awards Viewing Party to The Elton John AIDS Foundation" Singer Sir Elton John held a fundraiser to help and prevent HIV in West Hollywood, California, this year Thai actress Poo Praya was honored to attend the party for the 2nd time. Show off your bangs in an elegant, expensive look. A black see-through dress with a sexy luxury, and a cracked camera from the brand. Tomford adds a touch of flair with a hairstyle that smells of drama typical of Hollywood girls at a crab party. Fan Pingping also framed another historical photo in the memory. It's a journey to becoming a world-class Hollywood street actor. Poo Praya DON'T SINK, DON'T HEAL, DON'T DIE SHUTTER, ANYONE REALLY SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Lady Gaga surprises singing on Oscars, a look no one has ever seen. |Lady Gaga sang "Hold My Hand", the theme song for Top Gun: Maverick, which was nominated for Best Song at the OscarsSPONSORED after previously being reported unable to perform due to the filming schedule of Joker: Folie à Deux, in which Lady Gaga appeared in a T-shirt, jeans, sneakers, makeup-free face and a natural braided hairstyle. Gaga delivered the song with a heartfelt tribute, making fans admire her and at the end a photo mourning Tony Scott who directed the first Top Gun movie, who passed away in 2012.
Han Isriya lost 18kg and put on the shirt Ji-yeon bought for him.|After earlier, Han Isriya was quite happy with his life by taking his girlfriend Seo Ji-yeon to find delicious things to eat often, even causing fans to start to notice if Han seemed to be getting fatter or not. The shirt my girlfriend bought for a long time can be worn. You can wear it to the grill again. "MANY SPONSORED PEOPLE WHO FOLLOWED WERE DELIGHTED WITH HAN AND CONGRATULATED EACH OTHER A LOT AND ASKED FOR A BIG WEIGHT LOSS RECIPE.
Get social heart golf kanj from the legendary chicken toast. Open a private business (video)|I have to say that if you are talking about the name of the actor Golf Kan Phakdeewijit. Many people have to think of the drama "Angkor" that was broadcast on Channel 7 many years ago with the legendary chicken toasting scene, which has now become a memory of young golfers. Golf's boyfriend has shared a clip of Golf Kan standing grilling chicken on the stove via TikTok, with the caption "Angkor grilled chicken comes soon #ปิ้งไก่ในตํานาน #คู่รักหยุมหัว #กัญจน์ภักดีวิจิตร #อังกอร์"SPONSORED. Legendary grilled chicken, grilled for 20 years, must be delicious, real ancient grilled chicken recipe Grilled for at least 20 years, genuine chicken grilled, original own, no. 1 chicken grill, this is a real legend. Not losing to the legendary air conditioner technician, guaranteed deliciousness from the original, and many people came to ask where the restaurant was opened, to which Golf replied that wait a little longer.
wai panthisa Hint at who is the boyfriend who is secretly cheating on other people.|For the first time, singer Wai Panthisa asked to speak out for the first time about her betrayal. In the show "Rattan Panthisa" came across the evidence of kata! Thairath TV by Rattan girl has said that she wants to talk because the other party has already come out to talk about it. I've never spoken about it before. I used to know that he had spoken, but I never did, that I had been betrayed. I don't say my name, I don't want to say anything, because I don't want to reference, it's not my first love, it's not my second love (laughs), it's a ride to him because we're 8 hours apart, and it's 8 hours. My friend knew that Rattan had never been in love, had never been in love, had never been on a tour bus in his life. I took a tour bus to him. The tour bus in Thailand went with another friend because his friend was dating his brother at that time we really wanted to go to him, wanted to surprise him. I walked in and didn't see him with anyone, but what I found. The moment we put the bag down, we found something on it. Eh, no, you have nothing to do with other people. THE END OF SPONSORED IS RATTAN HASN'T SAID ANYTHING TO HIM YET. He cried first, and we were in shock, so we asked him what happened, but he didn't admit it, crying only. And if anyone encounters something like this, don't admit it, because it will happen again and again. But when the host asked if he was dating, Rattan laughed and said that because Rattan was young, he had never seen anything like this in his life, and he cried until he trembled.  Ouch, never. This was only raising him (laughs), but now stop paying his girlfriend. Like the last girlfriend who just broke up. I love it so much. He had never received a birthday present before, so I bought a business class flight ticket to travel to Europe. He was overjoyed, but he was the only one who paid me the same. No one has ever made me like this before, and Mino is still friends, so it's even sadder because they all want to be together, each other still loves each other, but in the end it has to quit.
"BI", the power is overflowing, perfect, dancing, singing live. The first Asian Tour in Thailand|Hot young "B.I" or "KIM HAN BIN" made his Asian Tour debut in Thailand with the solo concert (B.I 2023 ASIA TOUR [L.O.L THE HIDDEN STAGE] IN BANG KOK at Thunder Dome, Muang Thong Thani. The event is packed with quality shows, featuring the best of four. One Day of Big Boss Geung-Chalermchai Mahakitsiri joins hands with Korean agency One Three One to bring Han Bin Hanjai back to Thai ID (ID, fan name) hot again because sold out tickets are sold out. "This is my first solo tour, so to speak, I honestly don't think there will be so many people, so I'm going to pop in Thailand as well. Thank you to everyone who sacrificed today", and also invited Special Guest Taitan and Yacht-Yongsin to join the stage show. The concert concluded with the song COSMOS, which BI couldn't resist, running down from stage to id around the hall instead of saying goodbye to today's best memories!!
Comeback show MV "Smile and Tears" delights fans meet instead of "PP"|It was a very warm and touching moment for "Billkin, smile and tear Premiere Event", the release of the newest single of "Bukin-Puttipong Assaratnakul (Billkin)" as the 4th single from the EP "love's apprentice". Everyone attended the music video. "Smile and Tears" together for the first time!! "Smiling and Tears is another meaningful single and my favorite song is one of the slow songs in the EP. Admittedly, it was a lot of pressure at first because I was away from acting for a long time. For MV, this song was played alongside Nicha-Nattanisha. There was a performance workshop together for this MV. Even though it was my first time working together, I was very impressed with him. Although it is a short scene, the inner comes full. IT MADE ME SMILE AND BURST INTO TEARS," THE SPONSORED ASKED, SAYING THAT THERE WAS PRESSURE ON THE SHOW?", "ABOUT THE SHOW, WE WERE EXCITED AND NERVOUS BECAUSE WE WEREN'T THERE. In this role is long. There's a lot of pressure. I'm excited. I think the show is a spiritual work. We feel like we've reached a point where it's enough to be an actor, as a character, I think it's hard, but we're trying to do our best. The day I shot MV, I was so happy when I was able to play. Because I feel like I haven't tasted this feeling for a long time with being able to go down as a character, until we're happy, satisfied, happy with the return of the dipping sauce of the show part. "Back to PP's fan meet, how proud are we to cry before the owner again?"I'm glad, we've had our fan meet before. At the end of last year, it was a beautiful moment, a moment of happiness, we would never have tasted that feeling until we were there. Phi Phi and I talked all the time. Let's talk about mistakes. Take something better and make it better. Phi Phi's fan meets have a lot more detail than me. PP did it very well and very fully. I feel like I've made a fan meet surrounded by people who love us. Support us, value ourselves. It's the most special feeling of my life, and I'm glad that PP has the opportunity to stand there surrounded by so many loved ones. I'm happy with him, I'm proud of him that he's always complained, I'm really focused, I've got to get myself to this point, I have to give him credit for his ability, his intentions. It's nice to see him walk here."PP said we were partners at this point?", I was the same. I got here because of PP too. We are like people who grew up together. Help each other with everything. I don't know what I'm going to define this kind of relationship, "Define us as indispensable?", to say that we can't live without each other, yes, being together is special, it makes work or the details of our lives better"On stage, both of them create a lot of special moments for the fans?", I'm glad. If we can give a good feeling, we are glad. I want everyone to be happy, we as showrunners are happy to see people come to our jobs and they are happy"Playing a lot off-script?". The second round is almost nonexistent. Everyone will talk about if we say the same thing, people will start to know because now social media is fast. People caught us improvised. PP is improvised throughout. He's very dazzling about teasing, "Can we bear to watch it?" "Mak has a cheeky scent?" the second round, right? He's a lot more handsome than me. He's a big guy. senior He's cute when I first talk to him. Brother Mike-Pirat "SPONSORED, many people saw Bukin and Mak taking pictures together, so I asked the organizers to play together?"What's the title? Playing as a sibling, right?
Netizens flocked to guess that it was this pair. After the celebrity page talked about the couple, the star broke the silence. |There's more to the netizens to brain. For Pages Jemoy 108 recently posted a message to a celebrity couple who have now broken up. He wrote, "To the male star!! Don't ask why he left you, how many hundreds of reasons he gave, it's a simple summary. To the Female Stars!! Love yourself and put yourself in a good place. It's not wrong, and it's not wrong to lose love, there's no need to apologize, because it's not wrong either. #กูพร่ําเพ้อไม่ต้องสาระแนหาว่าคู่ไหนนะ"This works. Netizens flocked to the table, pointing out that it is not a couple who are rumored to break up or not, such as "Bird&A, Mr. Aunty, right?"
“4EVE” Debut single of the year, tearing up a new look with a single "Teardrops"|It's time to release the stuff!! Girl Group XOXO Entertainment released its first single of the year with "Teardrops", which will be released and showcase the excellent singing skills of all its members. Fans will be familiar with performances, performances and dances. This time, 4EVE returns with a beautiful sad song that will definitely create a new memory for Foreye, and the song also features talented producers like BNZ or Benz-Worachet and Arun Nongpol or Aran, artists with deep vocals from FINE FIND BEAT. The song "Teardrops" is a sad song with a slow melody. Reveal sensitive angles, but try to be strong by holding back tears. Not only has the rhythm and content of the songs changed from the last song, but there is also the subject of vocals, which can be called a show of full vocal potential. This surprised Foreye and listeners alike. In addition to performing almost the entire high note, there is also a music video featuring cinematic style stories, and most importantly, Tony Anthony Buiseret. The up-and-coming new hero from the movie "You and Me and Me" joins the hero in the music video of the song Me Tom-Piyaphan to direct the music video for the song as wellSPONSORED can follow the song and watch the music video "Teardrop" today on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WT_tZuDUpn8 and Music Streaming platform Search 4EVE.
Create a legend|4 talented actors to win awards It was the 95th Oscar that made history on the stage when Michelle Yeo (second from left) was a woman. First Asian to win Best Actress Brendan Fraser starred in the cast and Kee Hui-kuan and Jamie Lee Curtis (far left- right) got supporting actors for the first time in their lives.
"Nisha" cried, afraid of "Tono". "Black Panther" is obsessive, grown up sexy.|Gradually, it increases the zest and more. Mrs. Nicha-Nattanisha Dangvathanavanich reveals white skin in a bikini look on the beach to make the ig fire Many people want to know if young Tono-Pakin will be jealous or not. Launched summer collection 2023 "TASTE OF SUM MER" at ICONSIAM shopping center, so I asked if this period is diligent show?"No, for a long time to go to the sea, this just went to go to the water and have fun"Beautiful colors win the view?"It is not that beautiful wins the view, the sea is beautiful, then when we go to take photos, we have to wear colorful dresses so that we do not swallow too much. "No, if I check, I'll show my mom first, and she'll be freestyle. If mom passes, it's okay,"Did he ever say no?", never quipped. There were no comments after the photo, so I didn't ask what this was. I once asked him when he wasn't ready to wear this, okay? He said ok, put it on. He felt that Nisha herself already knew her fit, she didn't come to anything, and she didn't watch either. Don't ask, don't talk about this issue at all"SPONSORED, we will be afraid of him?"If we are more afraid of ourselves and our mother, we know that we will not go that far. That's why we took it and kept it alone. We'll have our limits where we feel safe. "Asked about the incident where he couldn't shake off the role of "Black Panther" from Khunphan 3 and came to see us scare us?", it was when we sat down and talked about how to remove the character. You have to call Tono Tono so he knows he's gone. It's inside that we don't feel like when we're very close to someone, we know what color they are. Assuming mom is angry, we'll already know it's on the inside. It wasn't his usual color, so we felt like we needed to do something and let it relax, "Are you scared?" Not because I'm afraid he's going to be a black panther for us, but because I'm afraid that if he's like this all the time, it's going to take time, because he's spending a lot of time training that character. Some of it unconsciously seeps into him. When we were going to remove him, we had to clear it up gradually. Use mindfulness Use your concentration to pull back, "Now it's back, good?" At that point, he realized that he had two people in one body, but he seemed to want to keep it first. It's time to shoot, and he's doing his homework all the time. He's really focused, I'm really proud and appreciative that he's so good at putting so much effort into a job, but when he comes to his personal part, he feels like he's able to do it. But we also have to take care of ourselves." The same person came back?"Yes," I said, "I think there's a lot of crying in the past. When sometimes he comes home with us, we'll feel dull there, and I'll say I don't like this at all, crying because I don't want him to be more. We can understand it when we're working, but once we're done shooting the movie, can we remove it quickly? Because we're here, we're getting that kind of energy," he said, "Physically, mentally, he's wasting a lot, are you worried? It's good that we can focus on the work that we love so much, which Nisha feels that it can be dedicated, but after we put in it, we have to heal ourselves as well, but sometimes when she takes a lot of work, it is very tiring, there is no time to heal herself. I'll tell him that it's a little safe, but I can understand that when I'm there, I'm going to send it with the audience. As long as it's not too dangerous, it's full."SPONSORED, DID WE TAKE HIM TO CHECK UP?", NEVER TOOK HIM. It's good that he's already had a physical exam, his strength is a lot younger than his age, he's a very strong person, but physically and mentally he has to take care of it together. I have to keep monitoring..."
Abi Former manager Cicada opens up a dangerous character who creates the whole story.|After a long silence. She hasn't spoken out about the scandal that has been going on for more than 2 years, with the recent case of the actress agreeing to be the 2nd world. Abi Pokchonm Disyabutr, the former manager of Cicada Akamsiri, has opened up to Echan Entertainment to demand justice for himself, saying that Abi has reaffirmed that Mr. K is not based on the information we chatted with the 3rd person, there is no 1st world, 2nd world is not doing illegal business or in a newsworthy way. What I did was really wrong, I accepted, and I felt sorry, apologizing to Mr. K. and everyone affected by this before telling me the whole story. After a long silence that there was something that had never been said before, no, it had been collected for more than 2 years. We're not the ones who raised this issue. We are not the ones who create the tantips, as all the news we get from one person. He is a fan of the actors we have cared for, a fan of the actors we have cared for, a fan club for many years, a Korat person, this person is the one who brought us all the information, he started giving us information about behavior that will harm the actors we care for. I didn't believe it at first, because it wasn't what we saw. He's getting more and more informative, in-depth, peer-only information. confidant Only people in the same house will know, but not all can say, because Ms. A. is now the accused. WE FILED A FRAUD CASE AGAINST HIM, HE GAVE HIM A SET OF DATA, AND THERE WAS ALSO A FAKE CHAT. Create an environment that supports data to be weighty and reliable. All the evidence is there. It's not a false claim or an excuse, because what happened today today can't be solved. Whichever one is wrong, we take its impact, but what there is evidence, pictures, audio clips, or situations is all the law enforcement officers have got the information. At first, I was skeptical. When I got the insights, I was surprised, so I called my friend. Choose someone who loves and hopes well with the actors that we care for, and let's talk about the bird Usanee alone because it has already asked for the bird's permission, which the bird is in the event from beginning to end, then consult with each other whether the information obtained should be released or what should be done. We were worried about the actors we cared for, after which the information provided became harder and harder. I didn't tell anyone because I didn't believe it because the information I got was something we hadn't seen until Ms. A. gave me information about Tan as K's wife. This person is very angry with the actor, will physically harm the actor, but still does not believe until he gets information that he will send information to unfold in various entertainment media. This actually happened exactly as he told us beforehand, so I thought I shouldn't let it pass, but I still didn't tell him. The incident happened, Ms. K. gave information that Tan was very angry with the actor, would attack the mall in the middle of the city, so Nok checked with the actor and found out that he was really at that mall. We were very worried at the time, so we contacted one of the hosts to ask for help. This is true. If you have to play the news, you have to help me. Having given this information to the host, Bea was accused of Miss A. being a fan of the actress for many years, but Bea did not interact much, but there was an incident where an account came in to make strong comments, followed by insults everywhere, this person asked to be called Miss S. called Burby, stayed for 6 months, called several times a day, called all the time, there were hundreds of numbers called, and Ms. A. came to protect the artist. Start coming behind the mic. I want to protect the artist and start giving information to the people who come to scold the artist when I get the information but I'm not sure if it's right. At first, I was worried that this person would be a dangerous person, and Ms. A. continued to provide information, saying that she got the information from Ms. B. who said that she was Ms. S.'s aunt because he had this information. I didn't dare to go through the risk of information that someone would hurt our artists afterwards and then became so stressed about it that they threatened children to harm our artists. He was shocked that we had his information, and Ms. A. sent her a clip of Ms. S. being a very blurry movement, but B's voice remembered because he had been calling for 6 months, so he thought that Ms. S. was dangerous, had consulted the police, and told Ms. A. If it is revived, it may not be the same. We were relieved at the time, so we cut to the end of the story and told Ms. A. that we would talk less. Thank you so much for wishing us all the best. Information Mr. Kema Loei 21 Feb 2021 Remember not forgotten The information is very deep, Ms. A. says that Ms. Chemma is already a wife, her name is Tan, and that Ms. Ms. F. is a close friend to Tan, Ms. F. is a friend of Nows, so she draws a friend to talk to help analyze a little, and the bird comes to help think. At first I didn't believe it, but I was surprised how I knew this information, it was a personal matter that the bird talked to me, and Ms. A. said that Tan was the one who told it, as it was told before that it was a lawsuit. Many people wonder why Bea and Bird didn't come out and say it before. Because we feel like it's home. I don't want your name to be in the news that is not true, why go out and argue, why be quiet with each other, it appears that you are wrong, the story is as you can see, B Nok was judged, judged by society. Life changed after that, the life of Bea and the strange bird. Someone followed the car GPS 2 times, there were people sneaking around and taking pictures at the mother's house. As for the bird, there was a man driving a pickup truck around the front of the house for hours, Ms. A. informed that the way wanted to get rid of us. Without us, he would have been safe at that time, Bea and the birds started to get scared, because it was related to family, so we had to go to different places, life changed violently, and it didn't take long because strangers would break into everywhere. There is evidence today that B has not yet come out to live the same life. I blame myself for thinking about why this person is fooling us. Why didn't that person believe us, it couldn't be rational, so I blamed myself for being too worried, so I believed it. Ms. A. develops herself, Ms. A. started to defraud B by bringing in the safety of her by taking money to help from thousands to tens of thousands, from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands, and then up to millions. Bea didn't expect people to believe Beena, but wanted to see it with an open mind. Try not flagging, Bea has been deceived entirely by thinking that it is to protect the most loved and caring people. Millions exceed tens of millions. Take that society branded as a goofy person. I don't know. Take information and slander Mr. K to ruin his wedding. That's not true, and Ms. A. has already examined a lot of witnesses. The police officer considered it to be deceptive, savage and dangerous, so he issued a warrant for his arrest. He surrenders, and calls Bea, who is told by the police to record it, and he accepts it all. He told me why Ah was doing this to me. We like Gu have to ask why Mung did this to Gu, he pretends that our family will die. The bird's family is in danger, but he still threatens to take B.B. money so much that he can't stand it, so he decides to tell the lawyer and the adult police. When everyone sees the information, they know that Bea has been deceived, but before identifying the fraudsters, they must first find evidence. And now I'm investigating it in depth, because people are wondering where they've been for so long. We're already embarrassed by not being sure and talking. All the evidence is at the police. This person has changed many lives, especially bees and birds, we can't leave them and will go to report them if we leave them, this person will harm other people. Because he used to do this to a celebrity, a Ligé hero in the Northeast. Nowadays, there are still many impersonations of the host. Many lawyers, including this brother as well, are very famous singers, now one of them, and then hired a gunman to deal with B as well, which this information is evidenced because someone took the clip to B after this clip was removed. Bea will try to get back to her life. Because we can't change the past, and everyone says to take what gets hit as a science, because people like Ms. A. walk around. I don't want anyone to miss out on B and birds, it's irreversible.
"Michelle Yeo", the first Asian Oscar inscription, won the female lead, "Brendan" won the male lead.|"Michelle You". Create a legend The new role of world illusion is the first Asian actress to win an Academy Award. Best Actress for "Shije Through the Multiverse" (Averyting Everyware All At Ones) The film also won seven major awards, while former star Brendan Fraser, who is long gone from acting, has won the film's best actress. When he returned, he won best actor for his role. Fat Tut weighed 272 kilograms in the movie "Lonely As a Whale" (The Vail), while "Ki Hui-Kui-Jamie Lee Curtis" won the award. "Best Supporting Actor for a Man and a Woman" was awarded the Academy Award for the first time in my life, with The Associated Press reporting on the atmosphere of the Academy Awards ceremony. The 95th Annual Film Industry's Most Prestigious and Grandest Awards 2023 were held at the Dalby Theatre. Theatre, Los Angeles, California United States At 8:00 p.m. local time on March 12, U.S. time falls on the morning of March 13, U.S. time. Yes, Jimmy Kimmel. The famous host took charge of the show for the 3rd time peacefully, without any unforeseen events. The surreal sci-fi comedy "Si-Je Surpasses the Multiverse" (Avery Ting Everyware All at Ones) The work of two directors, Daniel Kwon and Daniel Cheonert, also known as The Daniels, has won numerous awards on major stages of the film industry. End this year's awards season with the highest achievements on the Oscars stage. It won seven awards out of 11 nominations, including the biggest award for best film and best director. Best Original Screenplay, Best Editing Film, while Jamie Lee Curtis won her first Academy Award in her 45-year acting career for Best Supporting Actress. American actor of Vietnamese descent The 51-year-old, a former child actor who has been missing from acting for more than 30 years, also won best supporting actor for the film. Kee took to the stage with tears in his eyes as his 84-year-old mother watched the Oscars live stream at home, and continued, "Mom, I just won an Oscar." It triggered a buzz and thunderous applause. Kee said his journey began on board and he had to stay in refugee camps for years. Even standing on Hollywood's greatest stage. People say that stories like this only happen in movies. I can't believe it's happening to me. This is clearly the American Dream, and it ends by telling the audience to keep following their dreams. Talented actresses Malaysian The 60-year-old made history in the entertainment industry by becoming the first Asian actress to win an Academy Award for her portrayal of a Chinese immigrant living in the U.S. A laundromat owner whose life is full of clutter, struggling to pay taxes. Marriage crumbles, but instead he has to venture into the multiverse to save the world. Michelle Yeo Speaking on stage, he encouraged Asian boys and girls to see that dreams could come true and told all women not to give up. Don't let anyone say you're too old to shine anymore. She also dedicated the award to all mothers and ended by thanking the Hong Kong entertainment industry for its strong foundation, which helped her achieve success on the Oscars stage. The 54-year-old, who previously remembered "The Mummy" before disappearing from acting for years, has had a spectacular success in returning to the industry. He won his first Oscar in his life as a 272-kilogram professor trying to bond with his estranged teenage daughter. In director Daren Aeronowski's film "The Vail" or "Lonely As a Whale," Having won the award at the Sag Awards and Critic's Choice Awards while the movie "All Cheats on the Western Front", the film "All Cheats on the Western Front", the film "All Cheats on the Western Front", has been awarded the award. The event did not change the anti-war film. Epic World War I In German, directed by Edward Berger, an adaptation of Erich Maria Remark's 1929 literary adaptation of the same name, it won four Oscars, including Best International Picture, Best Cinematography, Best Soundtrack, Best Film, and Best Production Design. Natu" or "dance", a Telugu song used in southern India. The theme song for the film "R.R.R.", also known as "Kong Kiat Rebellion", tells the story of India's struggle for independence during the British colonial period. M.M. Kirwani's compositions also made history this year. It was the soundtrack to the first Indian film to win an Academy Award for Best Original Song. Beat superstar artists like Lady. Gaga from "Hole My Hand", the soundtrack to "Top Gun", as well as "Elevator Me Up" from "Black Panther: Wakanda Jong Charoen" by Rhianna, etc. After winning the Golden Globe in the field in November 2018, he has now won a gold medal in 2018. In January, songwriter MM Kirwani said while receiving the award that the song was the pride of all Indians, and that the highest-grossing film of 2022, "Top Gun Maverick", won best soundtrack. The Award for Best Animated Feature went to "Pinocchio," a musical stop-motion version of Guillermo del Toro, director/producer and screenwriter. Mexican Oscar-winner for Best Picture and Best Director for The Shep of Water In 2017, the best documentary film award was awarded by Canadian director Daniel Hoer's "Navalny," telling the story of Alexei. Navalny, a Russian opposition leader; President Vladimir Putin's rival, who was once poisoned and is now imprisoned in Russia.
"DIP x JOOX Original Voice Audition 2023" competition for new artists|Mr. Wuttikrai Leeviraphan The Director-General of the Department of Intellectual Property revealed that it has partnered with JOOX Thailand, Asia's leading music streaming platform. It has the highest market share in Thailand. The "DIP x JOOX Original Voice Audition 2023" is designed to identify potential new artists to create music on the JOOX platform both in Thailand and abroad in order to disseminate the talents of Thai people. Supporting thai music industry personnel in the long term for this audition, artist and dissemination of Thai music is another big event of the year in addition to giving participants the opportunity to showcase their singing skills. He also learned how to create music to be recognized both nationally and internationally. From famous artists in the industry, together with producers. "The winners of auditions, the Department and JOOX Thailand will contribute to the production of music and music videos and distribute them through streaming platforms and other online media such as YouTube, Sanook.com website, WeTV application and WeComics, which reach nearly 250 million listeners at home and abroad."
Hong Kong holds 16th Asian Film Awards|16th Asian Film Awards at the Hong Kong Palace Museum On March 12, the results showed that the Japanese film "Drive My Car". Director Ryusuke Hamaguchi, winner of last year's Best Foreign Film Oscar, won Best Picture, Best Editing and Best Soundtrack. Hirokazu Koreeda won best director. From the Korean film "Broker", the best actress award went to Tang Wei. Chinese actress Lee Chong Wook's "Division to Leaf" and South Korean director Liang Chaowei's "Division to Leaf". Hong Kong actor received Best Actor for Director Philip Yung's "Ware the Wind Bowls," with Hio Miyazawa for the Japanese film "Egoist" and Kim So-jin for his portrayal in the South Korean action film "Emergency Declaration" winning best supporting actor and male respectively.
Netizens hit after watching the video Enter the chocolate dog. Why don't people take pictures (video)|It's an issue that people in the social world are criticizing heavily. When I watched the video of Teacher Paiboon Sangduan Husband of a young singer Bunny Pannipa, who someone put it in a tick-to-k, which is a clip where Teacher Phaiboon is giving chocolate to 2 dogs to eat, with the rabbit as the person who took the clip, even though the original clip has disappeared, but someone has saved the clip and posted it on social media, where the person who posted the clip wrote, "Ah, is it appropriate? After netizens watched the clip, they commented on the action in abundance, such as, "Don't just put alcohol. He doesn't even let his dog eat chocolate, he doesn't even eat chocolate, he doesn't care about convulsions or irregular heartbeat, he can't eat chocolate. OH MY GOSH, I I LI TU NI, I WANT TO RAISE BUT DON'T KNOW HOW TO RAISE" SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Mam Laconics shows the numbers clearly from the new license plate, giving the lottery neck a guideline 16/3/66.|On a regular basis before the day of the government lottery. As of March 16, 2023, as well as performers who regularly give luck, they have already started to post lucky numbers in order to catch up with the latest artist Mam Laconics, who has won the lottery almost 30 times in a row, has posted the lucky numbers on his personal Instagram, which is a picture of a new car that has recently changed its license plate from a red sign to a white one. The post also stated the caption, "Change the red sign today to a #เฮงๆ-dog approach." THIS EVENT HAS ATTRACTED A LOT OF LOTTERY FANS TO GUIDE YOU.
Ning Panita was San Wisapat filed 3 charges against him, but not freely. |It has become a protracted issue to this day. After Zane Wisapat Manomayrat has filed a lawsuit against famous actress Ning Panita Thamwattana on 3 charges, namely defamation, making false statements and knowing that no offense has been committed. Seine Wisapat There is an opportunity to come out and open up on the show, celebrities sit clear. Channel 8 said that since the report, it has not received an apology from Ning. Panita, even once. As a result, no charges have been withdrawn. About Ning I got the news that she was suing, suing each other. Why did she get into a fight with that person? SPONSOREDXAN: Xan didn't get into a fight with him, but he stepped over Xan first, and until today, Xan hasn't received a single apology from him. What he had done that day, for what Xan didn't know, but certainly not to Xan's benefit. Lawyer: If it's a matter that Mr. Ning informed Mr. San. The prosecutor ordered that he not file charges, but that Mr. San returned 3 charges when he ordered him not to prosecute. Why is she still addicted to 3 charges against him?San: Because that day San went to fingerprint 10 fingers black? The day he informed Zane. He said it wasn't fair at all, because the first round he called that the fingerprint stamp wasn't good. Zan: I'm not angry, but I feel like I have to go through this, when I get hit, he's done. We didn't do anything about him and if he was supposed to be watching the show, then he contacted us and asked for it to be cleared. Zan: Yes, but everything has a price. DAMN IT, BUT IT'S NOT FREE.
Chuen Nuen Woman The Star A young businessman with a good profile attends a warm engagement ceremony.|Officially single. For the best girls Jindapu or Ying The Star 11, a beautiful singer and actress under channel one31, recently attended an engagement ceremony with young businessman Phum Phubadin Pornprasertchok. The executive of a major real estate company in Nakhon Pathom province and the owner of the famous bakery MOO YOO. Both sides of the aisle and close friends in the entertainment industry, such as Grand Kornphatsorn, Song Kwan Natya, Benj Reviyanan, Em Satida, Jingying Sarucha, etc., revealed that "We are ready to take time out from work in the entertainment industry to help go into the business of her boyfriend's family and plan a project to expand the branch of MOO YOO bakery into a luxury restaurant and waterfront villa business in mid-2023 and will be used as a venue for wedding celebrations in November." Thai Rath Entertainment would like to congratulate the bride and groom in advance.
The person who sent the heart to 2 P was pictured sitting next to Ploy Chermal.|It's being watched a lot. For 2 P with the heroine Zap Ploy Chermal After the previous There is a dumb acronym to "strong-faced heroine". The "rapper singer", who has been single for half a year, immediately targeted Ton 2 P and Ploy, with people noticing that the couple recently appeared to party together frequently, despite people defending that they are the same group of friends. TONK POSTED A PHOTO ON INSTAGRAM WHILE ATTENDING THE OPENING OF A GALLERY HOUSE, ONE OF WHICH INCLUDED PLOY, WITH THE COUPLE SITTING NEXT TO EACH OTHER, AND POSTED A PHOTO WITH A TAG TO PLOY ON INSTAGRAM.
Open minutes Michelle Yeo wins 2023 Academy Awards|Min. Michelle Yeo's mother The famous actress of Malaysian descent was delighted and burst into tears when she heard the host announce that Michelle Yeo won the 2023 Academy Award for Best Actress on March 14, 2023. Mrs. Janet Yeo Mother of Michelle Yeo I was in tears as I returned home to Malaysia and watched the oscar 2023 awards be announced with excitement. Finally, the stage host announced Michelle Yeo's name. The Malaysian actress won the 2023 Academy Award for Best Actress for 'Everything Everywhere All At Once'. Made history as the first Asian actress to win a leading actress on stage at the Academy Awards SPONSORED"Malaysia boleh!" or meaning 'nothing is impossible. Malaysia' Janet Yeo gave kisses to her daughter, who spoke on stage to pay tribute to her mother and every woman on the planet, because these women are truly superheroes, and without them, there would be no one we could stand here. Famous actresses The 60-year-old also said on the Oscars 2023 stage: 'For young men and girls who are just like me. They're watching the Academy Awards tonight. This is a sign of hope and possibility. It's a testament to dreaming big, and these dreams have come true,' Michelle Yeo said gratefully. Don't let anyone tell you that you've been through the top.' Awaken the dreams of young men and women to follow their dreams. She made history as the first Asian actress to win Best Actress at the 2023 Academy Awards for everything everywhere all at once.
A big phenomenon, Ung-ying, diamonds, expensive houses. Lucky draw millions|After having previously given luck to fans from the government lottery, it reached 2 installments in a row. For a good-sounding doctor like Ung-ing Rattanaphon. Udtum from The Band of Doctor Lam, a little girl with diamonds, ban phaeng. Most recently (March 13, 2023), Ung-ying returned to the courthouse. Once again, to solve the top Along with catching the number Until getting the attention of many fans who flocked to watch. The video was livestreamed and posted on social media and was viewed by hundreds of thousands of fans. After that, Joe Yomnil, the boss of The Mo Lam Band, asked everyone not to pressure Ung Ying because she has already caught 2 installments, which this installment has 3 catch numbers, namely 6 - 2 - 5.
Thai delighted Yeongjae GOT7 chooses Bangsaen Beach to shoot new MV song 'Errr Day'|Thais are overjoyed with Choi Young-jae's new work, known to many as GOT7 members, who chose Thailand as their location to film their solo MV. The event was launched from the airport to check-in in Thailand before chilling out on Bangsaen beach. Enter the supermarket, the bazaar, and after releasing this MV, it made fans. If you go back to mid-February, the akaze would have heard that Youngjae had come to Thailand quietly and that some fans had met Young Jae in Bangsaen, and after the MV song Errr Day was released, it was already confirmed that Young Jae came to Thailand at that time to work.
Fai Nichanan celebrates his 17th birthday|They have been friends for more than 17 years for the young hero Weir Suklawat as well as 2 actresses Butter Chotika and Fai Nichanan. Tang Chai Wong and Nong Uni My daughter is celebrating. At this event, 2 dear friends Weir-Buttery also attended the birthday celebration. Mr. Virin came with me. Buttery brought her husband, Arm Chansiri, to celebrate together with SPONSORED, and Fai posted a clip of her touching atmosphere and wrote, "I'm glad my friend. The first two friends I met when I was away from home, I met these two people, Weir and Butter, and then we went to the neighborhood to eat together a lot...now we're growing up a lot.55 (not 40 everyone!! Thank you HBD backwards from butter, always love reed #reunion friends for 17 years", amid comments from fans saying that all 3 of them really grew up together and wished them a happy birthday, Vicky commented, "HBD to be beautiful and sweet Yuni's mommy", and B Matika said "Hbd ja to play with you".
Listen up to the goosebumps Toffee 3.50 reveals what the alien UFO has to say.|It must be admitted that nowadays alien matters are happening from all over the world. Society is paying a lot of attention. Recently, the show "Mam" and the host of the mother, Mam Surivipa, invited Toffee Satbat fifty or Toffee Sivadol to sit down and discuss the stories and evidence of aliens in depth, as well as why the UFO came out to us for nothing. I'm a graduate. The most commonly seen characteristic is that the constellation runs out, it looks like a moving star. It's like a star running without blinking. Which planes we already know, cut them off. Satellites can also be cut because we have an app. Look at the satellites, which satellites outside of orbit we see, but we will not see them with the naked eye. Similar, but if it's an alien, he'll look like one of the stars. UFO is actually meant to be a flying object, and I don't know what it is. Therefore, we cannot identify it yet. DEPENDING ON WHERE WE WANT TO SEE IT, WE CAN CHOOSE IT, AND I HAVE BEEN USING THE TERM FOR 10 YEARS AND WE WILL HAVE OUR GROUP. Our friends will already know how to be with us. I was able to make 40 people who didn't believe him see it until it was news, it was an invitation to my group, why can we communicate? I think he would want me to be a PR or an ambassador, our duty is not to follow the information of Pete. Gold Jue At the end of the month, the data is very tight. The academic terms he searched for, but we had nothing but want to see it. If you want to go with me, I take you to see what the process must be like to see it day and night, because if the bottom is dark, the top will be bright. We have to sort out if it's alien, the real thing might be the Chinese air press balloon that it was shot down, but as I said four times, three times, the first time, it could have been a balloon, but the last time it was UFO, what was it like when I first saw it? He is now deceased, and I am young. He said I was someone who could communicate with aliens. There will be many famous names. Dr. Theppanom, Man City, and then there was another uncle. My good fortune was that we were in Chainat at the time. So we borrowed a car to see if it was real, and then we liked to buy UFO books, read it, we thought it was worth searching for, and thought that it wasn't just humans on Earth, so we went to see uncle. Uncle suddenly took the information to see which planet he came from, what he ate for food, which we told him he wanted to see with the naked eye. When he came, my uncle pointed out that it was a long time ago, that he flew over the moon, and then he flew over our heads for the first second we saw it. Have you ever seen a plane and wonder what it is? But here he flew slowly, wondering if he didn't believe it. When I first saw it, I felt believable. But we can't talk to anyone because we're still kids, going back 20 years, no one would believe, because if you don't believe, you don't believe it day in and night, which doesn't have to ask if you believe or don't believe, and we can't talk to anyone, we stop talking at this point, now it's 20 years. It's that we go to the area there, maybe it's the forest, or the hill, or there's the lord of the way. And then we blended in inseparably, which we believed ghosts to be real. Therefore, according to our principles, we are humble people. We have to go to the lama to pay homage. I must ask thee, according to the faith I have been instilled, to open the way. Let the dark sky reveal to us why aliens are being exposed to us?, as far as communication is concerned, they warn of disasters that will happen from nature, or from human beings, from technology, from the destruction of our own resources. Therefore, our planet has a star with enormous resources and is very rich. Because if it damages the human world like the dinosaur era. It's going to affect them, too. He needs to keep our world alive for a long time.
A Supachai Rod, Hong Kong Police Officer After Walking with Aum, Was He Caught With His Wife (Video)|It's a couple of best friends who always bring smiles and laughter from their fans. For the heroines of superstar girls, Aum Pacharapa Chaisin and A. Supachai Srivijit. Recently, when the couple flew to Hong Kong together, there was another hilarious affair. This event, in addition to A surviving from the Hong Kong Police Department because of the cool brand of shirts from Dr. Chang Tosaporn Srithula, Aum girl, is also the main reason why Arod T.M. on TikTok @pananchita_ceo posted a clip of A's time away from TM. He narrowly said, "Dr. Chang, put on Dr. Chang's shirt. He said that Yuman is a lot, yuma and wife (pointing to Aum). Um, yes. HE SAID IT WAS HIS WIFE," called out a loud laugh, and Aum broke out of his laughter, and Dr. Chang teased, "I don't want to get caught, but I pay for my shirt." Dr. Chang brought me a shirt to wear," Aum thak said that Ae's nail polish and forgot to wash it, making fans comment on teasing like, Oh, I'm a wife. I'm all over, I'm coming to visit with my wife, I'm going to have to give up my wife's status. It's cute, it
Keep an eye on UEFA Gamers Rappers of the Far Future The owner of the famous song "Beautiful Ka-do"|It's really a curve for a young rapper's heart. From Ubon Ratchathani UFA GAMER, Pram Jirachot Amornsin, who is only 11 years old but can rap it, drops beyond his age. Many senior rappers in the industry give a thumbs up to their talents and see the future of UEFA gamers who will definitely have to go a long way in the music industry. UEFA Gamers have dreamed of becoming a rapper singer and have a good song for everyone to follow. "I've loved listening to music since I was a kid, and when I was free, I loved kicking balls, I became a football player and I like to play games, I love playing games, I'm a person who likes to play games, so I got the nickname AKA "UFA GAMER". A lot of you are my idols, I want to be as good as him. I worked until I had the money to take care of my family because everyone in my family supported me in this. I intend that if I come to work here, I want to do my best here, like the beautiful song produced by Esan Ambian is a fun Isaan rap song. I'm really excited that the response has been so great on TikTok, there are still a lot of songs that I've sung, so I want to follow a lot."
Sun Ryu Comeback Gets MV Hero in 20 Years, No Knocking Rust Using Pure Skill (Clip)|Disappeared for a while. After launching a new life for Sun Ryu, I recently asked to return to the role of MV song hero, losing only words to (Belle) Faw Fei, the swinging Ringo. Swinging Ringo My sister is the one who directed the MV and the song. Sun Ryu plays the role of MV hero for the first time, and all 3 of them open up about Belle: "Let's start by thanking the record label Tik Records. He listened to us and said he was being kind. So this song went to the label. This song I composed and composed myself. It took about 2 years, when there was a COVID crisis, I wanted people who were discouraged to despair. So I wrote the song, but when I wrote it, I found the problem that I still couldn't find the MV hero, I left it until I found the news of Mr. Ryu SPONSORED, so I thought his life was interesting and he couldn't fight back, so I thought he could be an example to society, and my song was very compatible with him, so I contacted him and he accepted it." So I had Belle send me the lyrics first, and Belle said it matched what I was doing, so I saw life as indefatigable to hardships and encouraged to move on. When I first read the lyrics, the content seemed harsh, but when I read it well, it was an encouraging song. I've felt that this song is a song that Belle wrote out of direct experience. No matter what you've been through, let it pass. Ryu: "I've been abandoned for about 20 years and don't want to disappoint Belle and Fai, so I use all my powers to distill my feelings based on the content he's composed. Admittedly, I've been exhausted for a few days.": "He's really singing, it's every scene in MV that I've watched. He didn't use artificial tears and cried for hours. He acted from the heart, and I told him to use artificial tears because he had to shoot for hours, so I wanted to tell everyone that in this MV, Ryu actually played. It took me almost 4 hours to cry, so I was so impressed and grateful to Ryu." Ryu: "For me, the hardest thing is to come back to everyone face to face because I don't really want to reveal myself to what kind of life I live, but I want to reflect on myself. While we run out of money, we never give up. We didn't expect 100 million, I was happy with the little money because I already knew its value. If I earn more, I will take myself as an example. I'm not selfish anymore. I AM FOR THE SAKE OF OTHERS AND THEN SPONSORED, THE INCOME EARNED AFTER THIS WORK. In fact, I wasn't comfortable because I wasn't open to donations. I think I have enough dignity, and I think my ability to do other jobs. I make money the way honestly does. I didn't do anything bad, and then it was fine. Although his individuality was gone, his morale was concerned. In my life I've been careless before. Make a life that comes first. I don't want to disappoint anyone, thank you to the press. The audience opened up, thank you, Belle, thank you. "Do you expect a return in 20 years? I can only bless you that if we do our best today, we will do our best. As we worked, and the work came out, I couldn't judge anything. I think only the listener can decide. We're working hard to make it work out, but we're open to it.": "The views, the song just released a few days ago. The person who listened to my music said that he listened and cried with great encouragement for him and thought that whoever listened to my music and was discouraged, caused the fire to rise up again."
Love the fire. Yaya-Urasya shows off her sexy bikini as far away as the Maldives|Suw...su...zaza...a Invite girl gangs to travel to the Maldives The beautiful heroine, Yaya-Urasya, flew as far as the Maldives, showing off her bikini topped with a sexy black see-through dress and jumping in the sea with a tiny bikini. Fans love the fire, but the wand in hand. "Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
Cheers Thigamporn Mount Chick Lalna has a crush, warns friends zone not to skip (clip)|Netizens are buzzing with the story of Mount Moy of the young heroine Shere Thigamporn, who sits and burns her best friend. Dr. Chick Lalna gave fans a look at the cheerny_fc video with the caption "Cheer is conscientious", and in that clip Cheer said, "Cheer said here, Chick Lalna has a crush on Cheers, Cheers knows for a long time, Cheers knows for a long time that he likes to cheer. I think it's been a long time since I've been a doctor, but I don't know what to do. This is a friend. Cheers speak throughout. IT'S REALLY EMBARRASSING, EVERYONE, IT'S PICKING UP SYMPTOMS, LOOK, YOU KNOW, FRIEND ZONE, DON'T CROSS, LET YOUR FRIENDS CHEER ACROSS ENOUGH, JOKING, JOKING (LAUGHS)"AFTER THE NETIZENS HEARD ABOUT IT, THEY CAME IN AND COMMENTED A LOT, "A HANDSOME CHICK DOCTOR, TAKE YOUR SIDE, DR. CHICK CLEAR QUICK, DOCTOR CHICK CLEARS QUICKLY, IF YOU HAVE SEEN TWO OF THEM TALKING TO EACH OTHER, YOU WILL KNOW IF CHEER IS TRUE OR FAKE.5555".
Latest Life Updates Sun Ryu Open your mind after asking for it. Young Kornchai (video)|Earlier, the former young hero Ryu Sun Tangsawatdirat or Sun Ryu came out to talk about the difficult life. I don't have a family, I have bipolar disorder, I have to go to flea markets to save my life, even if someone reaches out to help, and life is getting better. After ordination, it seemed that the mind was getting calmer. Sun Ryu becomes the MV hero for Ringo's swinging blue-few. He's updated his life now, clearing up any drama he's ever had. Young Korrachai caused many people to wonder what the problem was and the story that someone came out as Sun Ryu. After revealing my life, no one knows what I've done. After being ordained, or going into the Dharma, it gave me a feeling. Everyone knows that I've been treated for bipolar disorder at a psychiatric hospital, and Dharma has helped me a lot. One makes me not have to think about the world. Second, I have understood the principles and practices that keep us in nature. LEARN ABOUT THE IDEA OF WHAT KIND OF LIFE TO LIVE, WHICH PATH SHOULD BE AVOIDED, AND MAKE OUR LIVES WORSE. It made me more conscious, so that's where I came from, where I went to live a personal life that didn't need fame, stayed quiet in nature when I came to Bangkok, came to trade. I don't think doing anything big as before, I think doing it for personal use, one day 2-3 hundred is enough, but I think that if we put our reputation to good use, or if there is a project to contribute and benefit society, I am willing to help, whether it is flooding or campaigning for people in need. I'm already willing to be a philanthropist, or a rigged leader in helping the congregation. I wanted to do it because of this fame, I didn't think it would be easy to come back, but it came back from the encouragement of everyone who sent me and gave me the opportunity to come to work. Belle and Faw Faw have reached out to play the role of music hero in their songs: "Is it exciting to be back in the entertainment industry?" It can be a little stressful at first because it makes us go around, people remember it again. Many people have already recognized my face, although I am not up yet, still short because I like to ordain myself. I'm in the middle of discussing where I want to go. Playing, playing movies, people are trying to adapt the script to me at present, which means that I am going to play as a student like before, probably no longer, it's my age, I'm 44, 45, and then "Most of the time, what kind of contact is it?", it's a drama, a movie, and it's a music, and I've had a song that I made 9 years ago to say goodbye, we don't know if we're going to be there tomorrow, but we want to have a song. That's where we want to leave everyone. It must be listened to, the song "Sunshine" was composed by myself. Now I want to find an MV heroine and make new music. New vocals I invested 9 years ago and hired Grammy musicians to play. The producers are Grammys. It's already done in the recording room, it's a master, but it's stored on YouTube, so I'll soon be able to see it, and Belle's music will be loud first. The MV heroine is now looking for because most of her fans are "ready to return to the entertainment industry seriously?"SPONSORED"Ask if they are ready. Now let everyone decide if I know something, or if everyone still has skepticism, or if it's a misunderstanding that needs to be looked at first, or if I say something unconsciously, "Is it a knot in our hearts?" But I'm not to blame, it means we've gone through an old story. Let's take it now that we're new people, "Are you good at accepting negative comments?", ask if we can defend well. I missed reading it, too. I have to admit that there are two ways of thinking, both encouraging and aggravating, I try to put my eyes on the top, look at the beautiful flowers, look at the beautiful clouds, look at the beautiful sea. Look at nature that is not busy with thoughts, and then meditate, pray, make merit, feed the monkeys, feed the fish, feed the animals, whatever is in nature. I have money, I just don't think keep it to myself. No, I think I've earned money, I want to help share it, "Is there any further adjustment to the look?" I'm a fun, cheerful, playful person, but it's just that it's not time for me to show anything like that. If something stressful If there is a trend on social media, don't follow it too much, because it will cause mental fall, and then there is a discussion about the same symptoms of depression, now that it is sad, or if it has healed, but really, let me be honest, bipolar or depressed, or something else, a bipolar disorder in the brain, or a chemical mismatch, that is, academic, but in nature, it is. We humans are in a good mood, we have a good mood, we find good stories, we are happy. If you find something sad, it's sad. Therefore, it is typical of human nature that there are both good and bad. There are both happy and depressed, sad things are sad, we can't stop it, but just that in the dharma, we have to walk the middle line, sad, sad, happy, happy, and then it heals. Asked if there was anything to worry about, there was a concern about his own health, since he was half past his age and had half of his life left to do something. The past has been very life-threatening. Dragging things, selling second-hand items, a lot of bags to carry. Now, with the accident a long time ago. When the car exploded, it caused the spine to overlap the nerves chronically. It's been a while since I've had symptoms. The doctor told me to treat quickly, "I need to do physical therapy?", I need to have a massage and also exercise, because if I let it get chronic for longer, I may not be able to walk, but I am not worried about problems with work. Moderate exercise Do whatever it takes to make it fit"How is life better now?", sell things yet. Because I took my own work too. Take your own life. I'm going to go live and sell something, but I'm grateful that everyone is open to it. Waiting for support to sell something is selling when everyone is giving them a chance and sympathy. I'm really grateful, I want to sell, but if I don't do it yet, I'm going to sell it. If the quality of the product is not met or already done, there may be a problem, let's be part of the responsibility that what is done must not be deceived. If it's a product, it has to be really good, if I like to travel, maybe open a travel agency. If you have a free opportunity, you want to do a concert, gather artists or friends in the industry. Just announced that April will be held in order to pull the boon line to feed the elephants around Lampang, Chiang Mai"Is there still second-hand sales or no time?", but in the past I went north, went to Isaan, and filmed my own travel show. Waiting for someone who is skilled in editing to help, I take it to see nature, wait for the cut, leave a follow in tick-to-facebook, and if YouTube is finished. Let's release the promotion again." "Yes, since I wore out, I have prepared a monk for you, think about (smile) "The issue of buying a used car?" Do people understand that our lives are better now?" I haven't gotten any work yet. I just shot a music video for this song and reviewed the car tent, reviewed what it was like in the 90's, because I've been through a lot in the old days and have a passion for the car. When someone contacted me to talk about the car, it fit, it was an old knowledge that we had used. As for the car coming out... I think it's a little bit personal, because I actually have a job that I do. We just don't have to talk about everything." How do we travel?", I take some planes, some drive my own cars, I ride some tour buses, and I still want to ride the train the same, I can travel in any way, even walking 10 kilos and 20 kilos. In fact, there were a lot of brothers who he offered, 'Ryu, come on, come to Chiang Rai. I don't have to buy a car, and someone says, 'Take a car. You don't have to pay for a car', or sometimes it's like, 'Ryucome here, I'll transfer the airfare', some people think about wanting to see me, my friends want to meet face to face, some of whom have status, but I myself have never asked anyone for money." That's the case. I am a priest. Therefore, the matter destroys Buddhism. I wouldn't be able to do that, and the other thing is to do kathin. I sent money to make real merit, I sent it to many places, separated lines, sent to help each other, to co-create, which will create more, build less, but we also participate, so this story is news. I also want to say, 'You don't have to think about it. If you have the heart to give, it's about him. He's comfortable, that's his pleasure. He doesn't do it or anyone else does, he shouldn't be blamed because we don't know the whole truth.' Everyone has pictures that they want to present and they don't want to present, so on Facebook, the first time I played, I wasn't sure what to expect. I may be myself, but lately there are a lot of followers, I have to be careful, I have to be careful with the media. "Have you spoken to the person who posted it?", is a close friend, and have another close friend call to talk to explain the story until it is understood. When I first said I was going to sue, I didn't think so, and I thought we should forgive each other. And that friend can come back and eat (smile)."
Sai Charoenpura meets people who criticize skinny like sick people, reiterating their self-esteem.|Determined to lose weight until returning to the shape of the singer-actress. Sai Charoenpura feels confident again, but this event has come across some netizens criticizing whether he is too thin, sick or not, but he insists that he is satisfied with his body shape. The latter reduces the figure as needed, which Sai Charoenpura posted a picture of herself and wrote a message revealing her feelings after receiving criticism, saying, "Yesterday I talked to a friend that if I posted this photo to public, I would get hit by Oud-Eid again, whether I'm skinny or sick. But my friend asked if I was satisfied with my body now, I can't deny that I am very satisfied with my back / shoulders, we can't play a lot or we can't play hard as a result of neck dissection, just support to have muscles to support, but really, I feel healthy, fat, I get thinner, I was told to go to milk, there is 5555, skinny, but if there is milk, it will be very good. I have to ask if it's fit in anyone's eyes. Because in my own eyes, I feel fine, it's like in people's eyes. If there is a muscle, there will be a form of muscle that is mutually understood, or if it is thin, there will be a pattern that people commonly understand as beautiful, that it is good, that it becomes comfortable, or that the limitations or preferences of the owner of the figure are completely ignored. I've been talking a lot of hard stuff, so I'm shocked that maybe sponsored we used to say that the doctor ordered me to cut my neck. I was also told that I didn't have to listen to the doctor much. You see, you know, skinny, ah? 5555 "5555" With industry insiders and fans encouraging and expressing opinions such as tired instead, people don't care about us. Our story is comfortable to die, thin about the breasts, more carefree, very ridiculous. You're going to remove it. Why is there a puppet, really, it should be your pleasure? These words should be stopped, thinner, fatter. It's a bad word. We're any kind of figure, but we're happy, it's the best. Read until the last line she wrote. I understand because I get every word. And there are fans who ask, "How do you exercise to get muscles like this?" To which he replied, "Wall slide, standing push up. You don't need any equipment, huh. Stand, push, sit, shrink, accumulate^^".
"Bright-Fei" ad hoc Look Book Chill and cool to the hearts of camping fans.|After the launch of 2 cool presenters, "Bright Wachirawit" and "Fei Phatra" of the new campaign "Open the world of chilling with Chang Cold Brew Cool Club", the camping atmosphere reflects and fits the lifestyle of both young men. This time, Chang Cold Brew Cool Club passed on the chill by releasing chill behind-the-scenes photos from the set of commercial films of 2 boys "Bright Wachirawit" and "Fei Phatra" in Nan province through the lens of the camera in a never-before-seen perspective and compiled into an exclusive Look Book. Bright and Fei in personSPONSOREDbright revealed, "The Chang Cold Brew Cool Club campaign is a perfect fit for me and Pee Fei because we both like to do chill activities together. The more I came to shoot a new commercial film in Nan. The location and atmosphere are very nice. I've never seen a place like this in Thailand, and when I see the picture in the Look Book, the more I like it because it's as beautiful as I see it with my own eyes." I've done what I've wanted to do for a long time: drive a convertible. "We have captured some great memories of the chill atmosphere of filming this commercial for fans in the exclusive Look Book format. Which friends want to own, follow the activity via FB : ChangColdBrew CoolClub
Shi Che wins 7 Oscars for Michelle Hou Making history, grabbing female leading stars|After last year's "slap in the face" incident, Will Smith The star walked onto the stage to slap chris rock, the host of the 94th Academy Awards, because the comedian host teased his wife's hairstyle. Theatre in Los Angeles, California The United States also wrote a tease after the event that the event "No one gets slapped", but filled with joy and happy tears of the awardees. "Everything Everywhere All at Once" or "Shi Che Surpasses the Multiverse" nominated for 11 awards but won 7 awards, making history for many things. Become the first Asian star to win an Academy Award HE SAID IT WAS A DREAM COME TRUE AND SENT A POWERFUL MESSAGE TO ALL WOMEN: "DON'T LET ANYONE TELL YOU YOU'VE GONE THROUGH A GLORIOUS TIME." Best Supporting Actress and Best Supporting Actor went to Jamie Lee Curtis and Ki Hui Kuan respectively, who won the award with tears, telling her 84-year-old mother at home of her Oscar-winning achievements and revealing that it was the "American Dream," meaning that if she worked hard and committed to the land of freedom like America, life would be a success one day. Best Director and Best Original Screenplay, while Paul Rogers won the award. Best Film Montage To be truly a great year for "Everyting Everyware All at One". Best Picture to win with dignity after sweeping other awards continuously since the beginning of the year Best Actor went to Brendan Fraser for "The Whale," which received the best reviews of his acting career. Meanwhile, this year's foreign film, "All Quiet on the Western Front", an anti-war film from Germany, is also shining. He went home with 4 awards out of 9 nominations, after previously winning 7 awards from the BAFTA stage.
Don't miss the Four One Music Kickoff Project Taitan. What's there to win every day?|It's time to unleash the electric charge in the air, shaking up the T-pop industry again. This event is called Thunder (Thunder, the name of Tai Tan's fan club). A gathering of young artists TYTAN Tytan Teepprasan is exciting. He recently joined the 24th birthday café project, which was organized in collaboration with fans, warmly and friendlyly, and with fond memories. On a special day with the announcement of the name Thunder, he revealed that the name has a lot to mean for himself and all his fans. Whether it's a thriller on the day of the debut stage. A lightning pendant on the necklace, including his signature. It is a lightning bolt full of positive energy, which means that March 5th is both the birthday of Tai Tan and the name Doom Thunder, so that the following year can be celebrated 2 times at the same time. On March 14, 2023, the social media of 411 Music, a subsidiary of Four One One Entertainment Co., Ltd., released LOGO MOTION of Tai Tan with the caption TYTAN COMING SOON. TYTAN's TEASER POSTER 1st EP 'Your Call' and look forward to it 19 Mar TYTAN 1st EP 'Your Call' TRACKLIST sees the term tracklist draw like this. STAY TUNED FOR COUNTDOWN WEEK, WARM UP MARCH 20 WITH MOVING POSTER, THEN ADD UPLIFTING EXCITEMENT MARCH 21 AND M/V TEASER, FOLLOWED BY MARCH 22 HIGHLIGHT PREVIEW. The next day, March 23, get ready for a full ear with EP RELEASE on all music streaming platforms, including radio programs across Thailand, before ending with OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO "Your Call" on March 24. It's also a good day to appreciate his growth through his new music. Since the release single "All Night (feat. Loco) in the middle of last year, we have seen quite a bit of this young man's handwriting. Taitan's musical journey awaits everyone to get to know more deeply than ever before, following Taitan's TYTAN 1st EP "Your Call". YOU CAN VISIT SOCIAL MEDIA @411ent FACEBOOK FAN PAGE www.facebook.com/fouroneoneent TWITTER https://twitter.com/411ent INSTAGRAM https://instagram.com/411ent AS WELL AS INSTAGRAM OF CEO KUENG-CHALERMCHAI MAHAKITSIRI @kueng_chalermchai http://instagram.com/kueng_chalermchai AND YOUTUBE https://www.youtube.com/411ent SUBSCRIBE AND RING THE BELL TO OPEN THE ALERT !!!SPONSORED.
"Mulberry-Kittiya" has been dug up in the past!|When I got to the podium, the heroine was red-faced. The hot drama of the girl's past, Bai Mulberry–Kittiya Jitpakdee, has been dug up again, with an old clip from 8 years ago. When I was a kid Entering a famous contest and saying in the middle of the show that "Afraid of bisexuality" came out on social media again Until it became a hot drama with the hashtag #ใบหม่อนกลัวกระเทย at the moment, which is seen as being processed by the process of extracting the rising star or not? "I was really shocked because it was a feeling that was gone a long time ago, I thought it was quiet, but I heard that someone had put the clip down again, we tried not to go back and watch it, it was a knot in our hearts, so I was shocked. "First of all, it was the first stage where we contested, I didn't have any experience in answering questions, I was young, I didn't think I would claim my age, but I was 16 years old. What will happen to the on-site situation? But we only know that it's a very big contest nationally. We were young, we didn't use words, we couldn't write the answers, we didn't know much about it, before that there were interviews from the crew, but when he interviewed the finalists in Stuman, almost 3 months apart, we didn't remember what he asked, plus we were excited. I DON'T THINK THE FINALS WILL COME BACK AND ASK US AGAIN, WHICH WE'RE STUNNED ABOUT. But as if we were interviewing with the team, we said "scared" because the brothers who are the 3rd gender, they came to the contest for the first time, which is the first stage to accept the 3rd gender to the contest, and they are afraid of their beauty. When we took the photo, I was told that my expression was still unsure. We were really excited when asked that we miscommunicated, and honestly, it was our mistake that we weren't prepared for. What we answered was true, but we didn't have that intention, it was a lot of mistakes in life, but in retrospect, it was a lesson in getting us to stay in the industry and grow even more. What's next? Whether it's about an interview. How do you feel about playing a drama or a contest that needs to be improved every day?" "At that time, I was cursed and insulted by a lot of people. Some people scold their parents, or even scold me for not being normal, what's the knot, or is there something that's ingrained in my heart? To be honest, there wasn't any, it was a response to an unthinkable question. It wasn't intentional to be a mistake, and to deal with my feelings was very sad at the time. Don't play social for a while, stay with yourself. I don't dare to go out, my mother is worried about us not being far away. I cry every day, call my friends to ask if those comments are missing, and if they still pick them up. After a while and I went back and read it, I still couldn't accept it. Too bad with the words he scolded, because he alluded to our parents in spite of the fact that he wasn't wrong at all." "Nowadays, it's still a knot that makes us not dare to do interviews or answer a lot of questions, or maybe we need time to think about the answers to prepare. If someone asks us something we didn't set ourselves up, we'll be scared. The hashtag Mulberry Afraid of Bisexuality has become our knot to this day"Think someone intentionally released a clip to extract our rising star? "Mulberry thinks that he didn't mean to intercept our rising star, but he doesn't know what his intent is, but it's a good idea that he took it down like this to get more people to know us, so we took the opportunity here to tell more people that that person is us by putting our tag on TikTok and what we're going to convey after people come back and ask us again. Many of my friends responded in strong comments, but I also told my friend not to scold him, just read it and didn't pay much attention because it has been 8 years since I asked what to explain to people who see us negatively?" When we asked if we were still afraid of bisexuality, we replied that we weren't. It's not like that. We didn't have a knot about the 3rd gender, just then we didn't answer the questions clearly. We can't let him see us positively. People don't look the same. The leaf may accidentally do something bad to someone in an unintentional way. He might just look at us negatively. IT'S NOT WRONG, BUT WE DON'T WANT TO HATE IT WITHOUT EXPLAINING ANYTHING OR NOT REALLY KNOWING WHAT WE ARE." "If you look back on that time, it was really bad for us, but it made us legends, we had our names on the internet, we were optimistic because we couldn't go back and fix anything."
Lala Jangpoom Kong Huai Rai Wearing a ball to the wedding, Lulu reveals that the bride wants this.|It has become an issue that netizens have argued on social media with the image of singer Kong Huai Rai wearing a football kicking suit to attend Lulu's wedding. Duangrudee Boonbumrung or Lulu Arsiam and her boyfriend Suchart Philuk, who are both criticized for being inappropriate. But there are those who say that it's actually just echoing to congratulate them. No matter what the dress is wearing, the newlyweds are happy with the latest Lala Kwannapa Ruangsri or Lala Arsiam. Lulu's best friend posted a message explaining this, saying, "Everyone from Lala and Lulu asked for permission #Saveก้องห้วยไร่ on March 12, lulu's wedding, which echoed the event. WAN, CAN YOU HELP ME FIND IT?.SPONSORED AND THEN BROTHER LU'S VOICE INSERTED THAT BROTHER BEL LISTEN TO ME, LET ME WEAR IT IN ANY WAY. It's easy to wear green. Don't follow the theme I want to have fun at the event, but I'm glad that everything that happened was the desire of Lulu Lala. We invited her to the event, which caused a negative photo trend with her. Some groups who disagree with the dress code will say that just coming is the best gift at the event. We are more grateful to you for sacrificing your time to make the event colorful, and we regret that inviting you to cause drama. #นี่คือความต้องการของเจ้าสาว #Saveก้องห้วยไร่"Among the hundreds of comments from fans, including Kong Huai Rai, who commented "Sweet," and Lala replied, "Sweet in golden theme." You're going to scold other people," before Lala replied, "I'm eating pork pans around Korathara."
The older you get, the more handsome you are. Lego sisters son Father A. Pasin, the face of Oppa, the future hero is clear.|It's a true copy for the family of a young actor of senior A. Phasin Ruangwut and his ex-wife Cucumber Jiraporn Saibuakham all said in the same voice that this family member has a good job in the whole house. And, of course, a member of the gold chain, Lego. The naughty son is also considered to be another entertaining heir known for his handsomeness at birth, which is guaranteed by his father's latest photos on his personal Instagram. A. Pasin, which is now Lego looks much younger because of her eyes, lips, nose and face. IT'S LIKE A KOREAN OPPA, SO LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT THE PICTURES.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Rumors of Marie-Pich quitting as evidence of a good relationship|After previously having a famous page written about And one of them is the couple of the heroines Marie Berner and Pichaya Kachai, but although people close to the couple will come out to confirm that Marie-Pich is still in love, no one believes because the answer is not from their own mouths. Pinch Kachai posted a clip to his IG Story, which featured Marie at a birthday party. This work confirms the couple's love status that they are still in love. It hasn't broken up as many have suspected. IT'S A NEWS BREAK WITHOUT HAVING TO SAY A LOT TO HURT YOUR THROAT.
Maldives goes up in flames. Wearing a bikini to give out brightness, Nadej saw the instant comment.|Clear the schedule and pack your bags to go to the Maldives with a gang of girl friends for Yaya Urasya, this time Yaya has fully packed her swimsuit to wear to show off her perfect figure and bring various photos for fans to see and juicy hearts together. YAYA SPLASHED HER SEXINESS BY CHOOSING TO WEAR A YELLOW BIKINI WITH A BRIGHT SMILE AND WROTE THE CAPTION, "VERY HAPPY, #anantarakihavah #anantarajourneys #WondersOfKihavah"SPONSORED. My boyfriend has commented on the emoji in a flurry of faces. This event has attracted fans to tease that they are crazy about love until their bodies melt away.
Na-Jr. 9-year-old love story reveals wedding proposal True or content?|Na Na, one daughter, wielding boyfriend Junior Kornwich, tells about the 9-year-old love journey that fights every day. Revealing the beginning of a love that needs to be concealed, with a clip that looks like a marriage proposal? The latter declared themselves in a relationship. Mom forbade because she wasn't happy Until the men had to prove themselves for a long time And revealed the reason why I stopped accepting work for 2 years All issues on the show "Talk Zap Show" on Channel 31 with Ning Panita and Thanya Thanyaret as the hosts of the show Kneeling to propose? Let's talk about it: Let's make a funny clip rather than have a stream of 2 sides?Junior: The women's side will see why they are teasing him. Once in my life, a woman wants a moment like this. Junior: It's not two years, maybe 4 years, because we're still collecting money. Teens make me na: With the character, 2 of us still look young, SPONSORED at home, what do you think?: I want my mom to dress up, he's quite conservative and very jealous of me, so I've been dating for a long time. We're not ready yet. But we still want to do a lot of things in our 2 years of life during COVID that it's gone. We feel like there's still something we want to do. Let's get that done first. Junior: If surprised he was born, but personally I want to have a baby, I want to raise a baby, but let the woman decide, because he is much more responsible than us. During another year of COVID, I was out of debt and I didn't do anything, I felt tired, and I sat down to find my dream of what I wanted to do. Finally, we were born here. Why did we throw it away? After 2 years away, I want to come back and do everything Junior: We don't understand. I'm fully engaged. When I see him standing still, it's like what she's doing. He could make money, but he left it. Junior: Almost every day. My house is like a mountain bomb, burning the cottage already, I na: always hitting, but not almost quitting, a little feeling, we are quite attentive, a little problem, a little bit of a jealous woman?Junior: He's very jealous, but I'm not jealous at all. He won't love me, right? But we save our feelings with me: We're already jealous, the path of love stems from being a fan? I'm still in the province. One day I had the opportunity to work in the industry, I met him under the building, I wanted to take a picture, and then I met him again in a sitcom, he came to help us. We like her: He said he didn't want an answer, he said he was going to the outer city, did we say no? Let's talk before we get the money in the jar to feed the rice fields?Junior: True, the first time the relationship didn't debut at all?Na Na: I'm not sure how long, my friends will be ok, but mom disagrees, I have to pretend to be a girl friend? People understood that, until my mother thought I was, and I was lazy to make excuses. WHEN IT WAS RELEASED, THERE WERE PEOPLE WHO SCOLDED THEIR GIRL FRIENDS FOR BECOMING GIRLFRIENDS. Junior: He's an egg in my mom's rock: I love you so much, it's like we're young, we can't have a boyfriend, what kind of thing does mom know?: When I interviewed for the opening, but I knew a little bit beforehand, he was a little bit heavy, he forbade me, but my dad wouldn't say junior: we're my dad, my mom has been around for a long time. He knew that he loved his daughter, he didn't leave. In my 6th year, I went to my mother's birthday. Just like when I ran out of passion, I talked to my mom, and she knew. Understand us more, watch the clip.
Nag Charlie Get into serious mode, teach to focus on studying, important degrees for Thailand (clip)|But lately, Nag has started to go into more serious mode, as recently Nag has lived through TikTok, teaching fans about studying, advising them to focus on studying. If you are going to live in Thailand, a degree is very important because it is a pathway to life in many ways, even if you do not finish your studies, you do not want to take it as an example, by Nag said, "Whoever is in Thailand, at least you have to force yourself to finish the degree, at least there are more opportunities than others. You have to find another solution first. Let's say you're still in college? You're forced to finish your studies. In addition to studying in 6th grade, you can find that you are good at selling things. 6th grade and you have a lot of money, you stop going to college and go to work to get rich, sponsored, or if anyone is studying at university and sees this person as an example, you want to go out and do it like him. I'm sure 90% of them weren't successful, or they looked at the top rich and saw that they didn't finish school but were very rich. I can say it's not easy if you want to stop studying. I'd like to try to study first and find something to do. If we study with and sell things and get very rich, we stop studying. If it really is, if we do something rich, then want to go back to school, but do not think that seeing him not finish his studies and quit to follow him, saying that 90% will not succeed.
Seine Wisapat couple photography Sweet water Voraphan who just encouraged Ning Panita|Earlier, the girl Nectar Woraphan Pankongchuen had been in the news with Jin Charin Thamwattana. Husband of Miss Ning Panita Dharmawattana recently posted a picture with Ning to cheer him up. After Ning encountered family problems and was in the process of resolving the issue, which Ning and Hiso Nectar had previously been parties to, it became hot news and went to court several years ago. BEFORE BECOMING FRIENDS LATER, SPONSORED THE LATEST. Seine Wisapat Manomayrat, one of the people on board in the watermelon case. Nida and is a party to Ning Panita. He posted a framed photo of him hugging his nectar in the midst of a beautiful view, along with the message "Because we are a couple, not a couple.." and wearing a kissing emoji with heart, as well as tagging to IG @namwanp of nectar. Like the photo and have comments that come in to cheer, but there are also some who come to comment on the watermelon case.
Margie announces the sale of a luxury car for 3.3 million, looking at 3 registration numbers, very beautiful.|It's another family that often has cute moments to be seen. For young Pok Phasornkorn and his wife Margie Rasri, although they both have children together, they do not forget to sweeten each other often. Margie posted a picture of a luxury sports car on her Instagram along with a message announcing the sale of a luxury car, which is her mother's car, with the caption "Not my car, but my own mother's car....Mom can't tell me to change it to a casual line instead....so I'll forward it at 3.3 million baht." TO TRY YOUR LUCK IN THIS INSTALLMENT AS WELL.SPONSORED
Teacher Phaiboon posted a "secret in the world" before deleting it.|There is a story every day for Teacher Paiboon Sangduan. Beloved husband of Bunny Pannipa The famous singer who will do anything is watched by netizens with every move. Netizens captured a message that the teacher posted floating around on a Facebook story before the message was deleted. "Many people are wondering why they are in trouble, instead, struggling, protecting, instead, giggling, kissing, "What's he all about?" Bad ni guva...the secret is not in the world of khun non", and "Ah badni, that it is playing, what is the real thing, kan yi, that it is in this car, it is riding, is to ride the water, 2 women, sampom, it's jealous, whai, #กูว่าแล้ว... "Entertainment", "Entertainment", "Hurry up". This event, the message Teacher Phaiboon will post unfolding, no one knows, but of course, the netizens have captured it and put it on social media and there are many netizens who have commented on it.
Longan, golden jars Admittedly, it's prettier because of the lancet. I can't answer all of them on the page.|If you follow famous indie singers such as Longan Haithong or Suphansa Vejgama, you will see the continuously evolving beauty of longan. Longan went to sit and talk about the celebrity sitting clear of Channel 8, where Longan answered the question of Yingsak who asked Longan directly about her beauty. To which longan replied without a vest, "What have you done more beautifully?", made 2 rounds of nose, did not rot mom, did it for a while, the tip of it disappeared, and took a picture of the side angle, it is not beautiful. The fans wanted to change something like this, so I changed the series. Chin doesn't do it, but there are some dips, most of them are more focused on dipping (laughs)." FROM THE TIME SHE WAS THE FIRST SINGER TO THE PRESENT, TO ALLOW FANS TO SEE THE BEAUTY THAT DEVELOPS EVERY YEAR OF THIS SINGER ACCORDING TO THE CONCEPT THAT WOMEN DO NOT STOP BEING BEAUTIFUL.
Lina Chan is convinced Bella can be loud because she was insulted, recalling that she used to go to jail because mackerel was the cause.|For Lina Chan, most recently as a guest on the show, the scene of the famous daughter Prairie. She reveals her life behind the scenes. Whether it's about life being ruined or thinking about suicide because of Prairie. Being harassed by a psychopathic man, she is guaranteed to be a news host. Buddha Apiwan The heroine Bella Rani has been so loud that she has been dismissed by doctors because of strong headlines. You have to solve the live game to be able to heal. Until he likens his life to 9 cats, is that true? My mother got rich by selling clothes, but ruined because she was involved in politics and doing TV? I ruined 25 million satellites, when I came to play politics, ruined another 75 million, totaled 100 million, and got red cards too?2 times, this last time someone invited me to run for 10 parties, invited me to be prime minister, and gave me the no. 1 party list. But in summary, psychopaths?psychopaths? Tell me to transfer the money and help me lick it. Nowadays, it's on the air. Tell me, let's lick it for mom. A lot of psychopaths, but really. Dear Prairie, what my mother really did, we set up the station was to educate the law, because our programming would be slapped with the law. We open a live show for people to call in and consult with the legal side, but most of the time there are psychopaths calling. At that time, he wasn't as loud. He was on another channel at the time. HE CALLED ME SPONSORED IF HE SUED. I'm not responsible, Mom? Sue me, I'm now rich and worth thirty million. I don't know if he's a Buddhist brother and tear him down and then come to know later, mommy?, when someone cut that clip and made headlines saying Lina-chan scolded Buddha Apiwan Ouch, but she knew after that he was loud. Now the 30 million fee is fighting for the claim goddess again, Bella is famous because of mom?yes, Bella is the same, she is smart. The heroine of the movie got 500 million because of me. Pee Naung Aruncha Bring me a movie ticket. Bring me a gift, Bella, he's not like her. He told me to send me a ticket, I love you, it's not like I've slept a little bit each day, I don't sleep well at all, because you know, maybe I'm sorry, I've been crying all night, and I've been crying all night, and I've sent you a clip to watch, send me there, I'm annoyed. Gu Utsah doesn't seem to turn off perceptions, but when old people know, they know. What do you watch all night and can't sleep? This year, 64 pictures of me sitting in a wheelchair is not going to sue, so I pretend to be in a wheelchair?no, it's true, I'm suffering a lot, at that time I had a feeling that why my life was so bad from the end of the year until the New Year, and then I was still a ghost, pushed goo down again, became paralyzed, but now I can walk, I'm very happy, my mother used to have a flickering thought that I didn't want to anyway. What did you do when you got a red card, got shut down for 25 million, we cried, we didn't have money to eat. It's not time to die. I don't have that idea anymore. If someone talks about me, they'll feel like I'm happy. Am I happy with this? Do you feel this way, do you have this kind of feeling? Every page, every website. All digital with You are merciful. You made me a cat, 9 lives that never die, another person 64, no job, bedridden. But this is still a lot of channels, kindness invites mana, makes people not forget us, we will have a job, but never get angry with the media that maybe. He made a strong headline. People will say, 'We don't welcome us.' We went to the doctor at the hospital, where we were paralyzed and unable to walk. The doctor chased us. THE DOCTOR CHASED US, BECKONED US LIKE THIS, SPONSORED AND HOW DID MOM DO IT?, WE WERE DEVASTATED, SO WE LIVESTREAMED IT. I asked to meet the management, and he asked the management to meet and welcome us. I'm sorry, and then I made an appointment with a specialist doctor to treat us in jail because mackerel is next door. He sells curry rice, then hits 4 a.m. He fried mackerel and it stinks in our bedroom and we finished closing the shop. That we broke in, we went into the house, we went in and said, it's a house next door, neighbors, and then the court found us guilty because we trespassed at night, jailed for 1 year, so my mother actually went to jail at that time? The officer came and told us to keep the clothes. It's like a dream come out tomorrow. Can't eat rice Not a month's. The bathroom does not have a door. When we enter. Hundreds of people lined up. Now I can't eat, I vomit all the time in the prison, there is a prison hospital, we went to check, he gave me medicine to eat, from 68 to 40 until a month. The court has ordered this. Our mother, who was old at the time, was not dead, over 80, visited us and deposited us a thousand and five, and we took a taxi home alone. There was no one to pick us up, so we went to law school, became a lawyer, and set up a foundation to help people.
New Davika gets hit again, gets annoyed after calling himself David, how to please everyone?|Have been in the entertainment industry for a long time. For the new heroine, Davida Hoorne. It's been through the heat, through the cold, through almost all kinds of drama, but recently the young heroine has to face the big drama again. From the gang of heroines, horses, and lam, new faces are increasingly being watched in other matters, and the latest knots that New Davika has to face. When one Facebook user posted the story, "Why are people annoyed at the new place? Call yourself #ดาวิ ??? she has to call herself#ดวก "Sometimes David, sometimes new, let's be sure, what name to use, why not take Vika too, Davidva...new himself, I don't know, wait david, new, I personally think that David should be called by others, but if you call yourself with the word new, it will look cuter than "SPONSORED", it's his name, this is very normal, it's very dramatic, the bisexual name is more bizarre than I haven't said yet. Some people's names don't rhyme with the sockets, he borrows money to name them or not, I wonder if his name is very good. Funny, to call yourself anything, it's his story. What are the people who go to the jug, the people who are prejudiced or disliked? Even if he does anything, it's all against his ears."
Joy Rinlanee Sadly, my father passed away. Fellow celebrities cheered tightly.|It's a huge loss in the life of actress Joy Rinlanee Sriphen. After Father Prasertsak Sriphen passed away without returning, the funeral was held at Wat Chonprathan Rangsarit, Royal Monastery, Nonthaburi province, and there was a funeral ceremony today (March 15, 2023), which on Instagram @joy_rinlanee posted a photo of his father's funeral and informed the funeral schedule, saying, "King Worawongthee, King Siripajuthaporn, gave a wreath in front of the casket "Father Prasertsak Sriphen", to the delight of the family. Wednesday, March 15, 2023 - 10:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Funeral - 1:15 p.m. Funeral - 2:00 p.m. Fire Conference" SPONSORED, with many entertainment industry insiders and fans expressing their condolences to the actress and her family. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to express our condolences.
Tim Pitha Obviously the status with Af Thaksorn that many people suspect is a fan.|It's been a while since I've been out in the media. This works. Black Ant Kachapa did not miss to ask important questions to Tim Pitha Limcharoenrat, who sat down to talk about life in the unfolding show. Not true (smile) This life is single, close, students shake their heads, raise only children. He worked in politics and then lived with his daughter Pipim. Now I'm 7 years old and I know a lot (smiling) Happy Bird Day my daughter 18 Mina (very attached to my daughter) is together often. When I went to find a voice, I took it with me (smiling)"The answer is clear from Tim Pitha's mouth, and the news that he is in a relationship with Af Thaksorn has ended like nothing in Korpai.
"A MAN CALLED OTTO" on March 16|Hollywood actor Tom Hanks plays the role of a frustrated uncle. In the movie "A Man Called Otto Otto," based on the New York Times top-ranked A Man Called Ove, said Otto. He's been sticking to his own way since he was four hours old. His world is a world with only yes or no. The world goes in one way: the way of the rules. Otto adheres to the rules, which his friends admit was Otto's way of life, until the new family moved in across the street. It completely changed everything Otto thought he knew about life. Unlike many frustrated people, he doesn't try to force himself. Otto wants balance and equality for everyone on the same road, and the best way to share it together is to maintain it so that everyone can take advantage of it. When his wife passed away. He was forced to retire. There are new neighbors. THE ONLY THING HE LEFT WAS A DAILY ROUTINE, AND NOW HE'S LIKE FIGHTING THE LAST WAR OF FATE, WHAT OTTO REALLY HAS TO DEAL WITH IS TIME SPINNING AND TIME BECOMES BOTH A VILLAIN AND A HERO AT THE SAME TIME. Hanks is ready to tear you down March 16 in all theaters nationwide.
Prairie-Ford meets for the first time This shot is crazy, loveless, gender-free (clip)|The latter recently agreed to be a girlfriend last Valentine's Day. Priwan and Nong Ford, who recently flew from Buriram to Bangkok. It's my first face-to-face encounter after the show. The celebrity sat clear on Channel 8, Prairie took Ford's hand. Opening up for my first interview with the press, I can tell you that this event is very sweet today, it is considered a full-fledged Grand Open? "For the first time, everyone may have followed me and my sister, but when I heard the news, I knew and dated online and waited for my sister to come to Bangkok. "The first feeling I had when I met was so excited when I first met, beautiful and cute (smiling)." "The first sentence I had was pretty much (laughs). As for the younger one, he is very handsome, it is considered on the cover, if it is not straight, it must be straight." I have a brother who is a makeup artist for me. When I listened to the makeup artist play the song every day, and then I saw one of the younger brothers who was an actor of his old school, SPONSORED said that he was cute, and then teased if there was an IG that he wanted to go and see, it appeared that he had brought the wrong IG because the actor was another person. This love was born out of mistakes (laughs). Don't make mistakes. "Who started flirting first?" "At first I didn't know I was flirting, I thought I was playing, but I believed it was probably the real one, which I didn't answer at first. So I made a video call." "He's a pickle-chatter. When we were gone for 2 days, maybe I just came to answer, so I felt like I couldn't wait to have a chat for so long. So I tried to press the video call. After that, I realized that if I didn't have to type anymore, it would be easier to call"When I answered the video call, was it because I had a heart or a broken hand?" After talking for a while, I felt okay. He makes us smile happily." "We should be able to use the word girlfriend for about a month. After we sent her a bouquet of flowers to ask her to be a serious boyfriend on Valentine's Day, February 14th, I had to ask clearly because when I put the picture down, there was a medium. I wanted a status, so I asked in a video call what we were..."Ford is a fan (smile)." "That's why I'm sure we're in a relationship," he said, referring to Prary, who is a social celebrity. Some might think it's a prairie island? "I don't do drugs at all, because if I do, I'm going to have to think about it a lot. I was really willing to associate with him. Ask if you've ever heard of these trends, have you ever heard of them, and your thoughts are negative. So I never read it again because it also causes poor mental health. As for the people around you, they don't say anything, like their friends only tease. I'm shy, but it's cute," Prairie asked, encouraging him. Really, he's got a pretty good way to cope. I mean, he didn't finish anything toxic, didn't read the comments, I would use the phone call to encourage each other, to feel that it was serious that we were in a relationship and that only the two of us would know what was going on during the relationship we were in. I'm not going to try to talk about anything that's a negative comment, which I'm going to get a lot of hits because it's like this. As I am, it may be very different to you. With age or anything else and we're LGBT, it's a lot of hits, so I'm not going to talk about these things, I'm just going to make it feel like it's normal. If two people decide to get together, it's about two people." "I'm open to gender, my parents, too, like my mother said that Eng's life will do anything. I didn't stay with Eng for the rest of my life. At home, they trust us"What do parents say when they know they're dating Prairry?Ford "Mom said that Eng's life will do anything for Eng. Mom hasn't been with Eng all his life (smiling)"SHOWS THAT HE TRUSTS US?SPONSORED FORD "YES SIR", AT FIRST HE WAS SHOCKED WHEN THE NEWS CAME OUT?FORD "NO, HE CALLED AND ASKED HOW IT WAS", IS THERE A CHANCE TO TAKE HIM TO SEE HIS FAMILY? "Yes, next month I will go because I intend to go. "I've talked to my family, Prairie, "Directly, but I always ask my boyfriend what my parents are doing because I care, not just my parents. Because I understand that everyone has a society in which they live. If Ford's relationship with me and the society around him isn't okay, but when Ford tells me that people at home tease him. Ask when you'll bring your girlfriend. We are glad that he loved us"The family welcomed Prairie very well, right?Ford"Yes sir (smiling)"It's the in-laws?"Prairie,"I like this word very much (laughs). I don't deny it. "This love is serious, looking to the future together?" I will be serious every time. Everyone who likes that I'm blind, but I'm the one who, if I love you, gives me a hundred. I was serious, and I felt that I couldn't be kidding. Ford "No, I'm sure"Prary", "Fool", "Ford", "Not fooled", "Ford", "Not fooled(smiling)", "Is there a problem with the age gap?"Prairry? "For me, there's no problem, but I have to ask you if there's a problem with someone older." "I don't know about age. I already like older people (smiling)." How did you get together last month? "At first I didn't think it would be such a big deal, I thought it was normal, but when I went to the market, people looked full, and I was a little shy (smiling)." "One hour Don Mueang-Buriram (smiling)"About trusting each other because Ford looks good?" "I'm going to have my way, now Ford is my girlfriend, I'll try to talk to Ford every day about what my boyfriend is doing, but I'm not going to call him all the time, like one day, maybe just call him once, and when he's free, he'll answer what he's doing. "He trusts me (smiling)"Is there a rule that you can't do that?" "No, he didn't stop me," Prairie said. "It's a little bit, it's not a taboo, but it's going to be a straight conversation, let's be honest, let's be honest, we're already dating, we're girlfriends, he's a friend, hilarious, this one I understand, but when I have a girlfriend, can I ask for a little bit of something like this, maybe ask for something to talk to girls, something like that, talk to each other, he'll say friends, code, we need to understand him." "No, I've had a girlfriend before, girl?" "I don't know how far it's going to go, but I'm going to do my best (smiling)." "He answered clearly, I don't have to answer anymore, I'm the same thing. He still feels good about us like this, and he doesn't want to move or change his status, so I'll keep this relationship going." Everyone has to be self-fulfilling, because everyone has never succeeded in love. I feel this way, someone who meets a boyfriend for the first time, Poppy Love, and then a partner forever, maybe, but few, so everyone has made mistakes, and I want everyone to see that not succeeding in love is normal for everyone and that everyone has the right to find and discover a better love. For me, every time I love it, I expect it all. There has never been a time when there was love and no expectation or play, if Aew is Aew, playing is playing, but if I say that this person is my boyfriend, then I am very serious"What do you want to say to someone who still sees us negatively with this love?", "I think he has the right to look and think that way, but as I said, love is about two people. I won't allow other people's opinions to make me feel like I have anything to do with my relationship with my boyfriend. I don't take it, I might see it, but I can't block criticism. I still get hit today, but my brother and I are now the subject of the two of us. Still feel good about each other? "What are the plans for when you're still on vacation? Watch a movie, listen to music or do something?" "Basically, there might be that, but now all I expect is school holidays. You come to Bangkok and you have me every day, so I should let you learn that I am a fan and influencer, who has to work every day. What is life like and working is not just learning, but you will earn money during the school holidays. I want to find a job for you, give you a job, and during the school holidays let you feel that he is with us and what he gets. Instead of going to Nunny, I honestly said if it's okay. Ford, he said, "Are we late?" "He doesn't pay for money, but he gives me a job," "Payne gives me a job," "Payne, right?" "If there's an opportunity, I'm not blocking anything, he's a talented guy." "I do it if I'm in an acting role because it's a job, if I don't do it, it's a job, it's a job, it's a separate relationship, my personal relationship is a personal relationship, I have to be separate." "A little bit, but it's not ridiculous, if you feel like this is the case, I'll ask him. "I only ask for one thing, I ask both of you, let's be sincere with each other, we can talk to each other, but let's be sincere. This isn't fun or catchy," there were some comments saying that if we were together, not wearing makeup, not wearing wigs, what would it be like?" I don't wear wigs, I wear makeup"Ford "When I wear makeup, beautiful (smile)"Prairie "If I hadn't put on makeup and it was more beautiful than when I was wearing makeup, I'd have to fire the makeup artist (laughs)." "I'm not in love because he's my boyfriend, and when people tell me Prairie is a fanatic in love, I admit that I'm crazy, but I'm crazy about my boyfriend." "No, it's love, it's love that has to keep building and going in a good direction.  It doesn't make my boyfriend feel that I love him. I was sincere with him. He's important to me, so how does love go next? I can't see how it can be a good love. I don't think it "This love makes us brighter?", "More wake up, if we have seen the view that is normal, it is pm 2.5, but wake up and turn to see him. "Yes," have we been with for a long time? How many months do you have to take school off?, "About 2 months, you came to Bangkok"What does the Ford family say?Ford "Very welcoming, both relatives"Do you plan to travel to other provinces together? "Yes, in April, you have to go to the military, and I will pick you up, take the opportunity to meet your parents, you will take you to Chanthaburi to your house as well, you should go to know my parents, but go to work." "He's really cute, his mom is a customer of me, secretly ordering, secretly subsidizing a lot of my chili paste, he doesn't dare to take it for free, he's afraid, subsidizes a lot, he tells me to help each other make a living (laughs)." "I think it's harsh, and it's not worth doing that, I sympathize with both the filmmakers and the directors, and people like us who are consumers. No one should be representing our judgment. The movie should be rated correctly as to how old people are judged and looked at it, but there shouldn't be an agency that can or can't be censored. I'm not sure if he has the depth and emotion of the movie the way I understand it. Should it be about me? Otherwise, I'll write why use judgment when you're using judgment on my behalf. It's not right, then some scenes he'll convey about hugging his mother. It's not a normal cuddle, but it has the context of the movie, like we're watching a nine-fleshed gold story where the mother is unconscious and puts a yellow cloth around her. It's not childishness, it's motherhood, it's a reflection of emotions above status, I can't think of a way to let me sit with you. It's not a rule that yellow cloth can't be taken by women, or that women can't be yellow. People go to the movies, they don't go to the public relations department documentary", which in reality is possible? "There must be boundaries, if you see your mother undressing or drowning in an event in front of you, how do you do it, and how do you hold 10 precepts and have love for your mother?
"Shin Shin Wut" composed a song for "Lily" to celebrate sweet love instead of good feelings.|Transcend fear! Shin-Chinwut Intarakusin wrote "You & I)" as a special single as a Valentine's Day gift to celebrate his 9th year of love for his girlfriend Lily-Bhandila Win Pansirithanachote. Shin revealed: "You & I was born out of the feeling that I wanted to have a song that represented my feelings for Li, so I called my best friend, my partner Alex Zipsommos, that I wanted to write a song for Li. This is a song that I intend to contribute as much as possible to the lyrics. Because in the past, I didn't dare to write the lyrics, I was afraid that I wouldn't do well. I feel like it's an opportunity for us to get over that fear. Honestly, that's what Li is to me. All the time, I didn't dare to do anything, or I wasn't confident in myself. Li has always been the driving force that has allowed me to overcome that fear, and another person to thank is Pee Pee Mind, who came to write this lyric for me. My brother and I talked about wanting the lyrics to be as simple as possible, to be as spoken as possible, and to be as real as possible, as sincere as possible. As for the genre, it's pop style mixed with R&B. The second I played this song to Li, I was excited, and I was always wondering if Li would like it. As a result, we both cried tears because we had been dating for 8 years. Entering year 9, we've been through a lot together." You & I can be downloaded today via Youtube Channel : Chin Chinawut or download via Apple Music, Youtube Music, Spotify.
There's a flinch, Ning Panita. Share passive posts I have a new husband with a cool caption.|After being caught up in the shaky love affair between actress-theater presenter Ning Panita Thamwattana and husband Jin Charin Thamwattana, she admitted that the family was in real trouble but was in the process of finding the best solution. Among friends, brothers in the entertainment industry and fans have been cheering for them in large numbers. Ms. Ning has moved to post horoscopes through her personal Instagram story, which is a horoscope from Master Bird Theerapong, saying that dragons, Kornkad, Tul, Aquarius, Meen, Aries and Singh have a new adult to patronize. Who gets a fan, but luckily, there will be people of old age to patronize to help. You are a lover, whoever will try to the end. Regret to the end, love embroidered in the heart, love and cut off the heart is very difficult, but if you can cut your heart at any time, you can cut it without fiber as well. You don't like handsome people. You don't have to be rich, just be diligent and responsible. No cheating, it's ok, then by Ning girl. It also added that "Who got hit, raised your hand?" This work immediately made the whole story ig. AFTER THE POST IS SHARED.
"Jin" jokes about the movie poster "Love Is Strong" 8-year-old marathon singles|From the whole manly look, but having to switch bodies to women. jin jinna The young hero from the movie "Love Is Strong", M39 camp, together with Pai Roi Kor Productions. It's hard to say, but I'm so stunned after seeing the sexy poster that I can't hold back. The love story still confirms the same words, having been single for 8 years, until I start to get scared to get used to being single! "My first film was played by My Hero brother before entering the industry, it was an indie film, a contest won in Cannes, and I entered Netflix 8-9 years ago. Brother Hacks, why choose me? So he told me that we could go out to the south, so I cried. I'm a Bangkokian, so he was shocked, so it was a good luck to play. Do I have any idea I'll be replaced? When I read the script, I wanted to play, I could speak the southern language, I could dance Nora, I switched bodies to women, it was very challenging for me." I have a lot of classes. We need to understand the script. Understand the egg nui first. When I swapped bodies, I had to wear women, and I looked at them as acting, and it was fun. In real life, we don't do anything like this. This story has been released, fully done"How did you work with Pao Kingkan?" You try to study, try to be active. The two of us did our best for this movie. Everything was easy because they went together, not all the different people playing, so I was very happy with the film." Because you have to switch bodies to men and have a scene of attacking Jin first." Pao will be a man and then attack. Workshop Episodes You're very shy. Just staring into your eyes, kissing your brother, asking what to do. It's funny, I'll tell you to do your best because this is a show. You can believe you can do it, everyone believes you can do it. This gave me a better understanding of the world of women. Honestly, swapping bodies is a very far-fetched affair. If that happens, what will everyone do? Will everyone be like an egg or nectar? There's a cuteness in it, including artists like Nil. Pee Baw Wee All of you are here to star in this story. I'm sure it's a towel poster, it's very sexy" (laughs). I didn't think the poster came out in that photo, I was shocked by the green poster, the white towel, it bounced off. I was amused when I first saw the poster. It's funny that I can be honest, but I still have hair on my legs (laughs). The towel wasn't very short, but the rhythm sat in front of the legs, the hair was full. But I'm willing to shave my legs off with a feminine body, but I still have some sightings of it, "How did you go to the city before?" I usually go before my birthday, but when I go to England, I reset myself a lot, go with my friends and have a manager. I used to eat alone, drive anywhere alone, but watch movies, buy tickets. I used to go in and watch it for 20-30 minutes, so it looked very queaky"Usually hanging out with friends and friends taking girlfriends with us, we should get used to it"Not addicted to friends, bring girlfriends because we have friends with us, not lonely. But when I go to the movies alone, left and right, we have no one, we see this couple, get up better"Now start looking at anyone, or do you cherish singleness or how?" I used to have moments with my girlfriend. We broke up, some people were afraid of not being able to be alone. Now I'm getting scared of being alone for a long time, it's been 8 years. Now it's okay to find out, to have fans, it's not, it's another thing that's a fear too. It's good to start alone, do anything, work. It feels happy now. I feel like I'm not trying to have a boyfriend. It's just that we haven't met anyone who feels like talking about everything we feel like talking about"SPONSORED is because we love hard people"Not sure, but not blocked. I asked if I wanted to have one, but it was more about the range and rhythm"When did you get asked when did you have a boyfriend?" I'm 8 years old, I don't understand either, I have to have it, everyone says should there be or not. If I'm dating someone, I'm ready to talk. The new era has no final effect, "life today experiences as hoped", my angle is just beginning. There's a lot more in the industry, proving everything for a long time. I look just getting started, there's still a lot to do. Because I came in negatively. Today I have the opportunity to learn, I still want to do it, there is still a long way to go".
M. Topaz agreed, and he found someone to scold for years. Daddy's island knot eats-bully looks like |It is another person who constantly comes across negative comments. For M. Topaz, the daughter of the famous comedian Mum Jok Mok, who recently revealed a picture of a chat message. And it's the same message over and over the past few years, which is about M being a funny child on Daddy Island, and also saying that M looks very Lao after posting the chat. M. Topaz wrote a caption explaining his feelings: "Honestly, I'm trying to be patient, but I'm not going to stop blogging, I'm building again, I'm repeating the same insults, and I'm respecting him for trying to be patient, trying to be patient, trying to keep up with the insults, and I've been building new ones over the past few years. I see it's really tired instead of ** not noisy, but more annoyed..... PLEASE BE PATIENT!!".SPONSORED
"S-Kantapong" is tired but worth it! Proud to be a "stripped hero" reveals that he wants to have another child.|Comeback to play the drama again in the drama "Fire Phrai" on Channel 7HD, the hero Khom dark S-Kantapong Bamrungrak returns to film the drama with a life that has changed with the father-of-one of "Nong Valentina". My 2-year-old daughter S said, "It's the first time I've been filming in more than 2 years after my mother and daughter have a daughter, so I asked for time on the channel to be with my children and my wife. After that, the director will say that he wants S to take off his shirt. I don't have one in the chapter, but I want it removed. In the script, I was told to wear a tank top but I wanted it to be removed. It's like becoming a signature. Every director I saw said I liked it. He didn't just take it off, but when he took it off, he told me to pull my pants down a little bit (smiling), but now V doesn't have much left"SPONSOREDThe hero nowadays needs to prepare to take off?"It's like the norm. I also talked to my brothers in the pile about how before when we were kids in the play, there would be sexy girls with provocative stars. Be a woman. But nowadays men have to prepare to take off, they can't eat a lot, it's a change of the era"From a hero perspective, is it okay to be a provocative star?" I think with a more feminine audience, it's not weird and important. If the context of the play takes away, take it off. "Is it really pride? Because not all the heroes that the fans want to take off?"Thank you, if the fans like our body, it means that sweat and strictness in our diet, it works, it is not exhausting, than it goes up the V-line, it is difficult, it must be disciplined, ask, is it mainly controlled, is it in a pile of eating and not eating"How difficult is this?", "This is against us, we rarely go to tease women, when it is a character, it can be fluid. It has to be, it has to be a joke. When we got into the character, we offered it, the director liked it, and he couldn't tell him anymore. As for working with Pupe, we met on the first day, 15 minutes and broke down all the walls. Click fast. You're a professional, we work, we're comfortable, the scenes go well, "How did you come out to work?", I was addicted to my children as a homebody. So when I have a baby, it's a big deal. Besides being at home, I have children. It's the perfect excuse that when a friend invites you to not go out. When I first came to film in Thailand alone. When I was shooting, I missed my children all the time, I made 3-4 video calls a day, when my wife was in Germany, I had to count the hours to match, but now I'm in Thailand. I'll indulge, just understand what it's like to be a father with a daughter. The fact that the child came to give up was all over. So my wife had to play the perfect role, and she came to me too, and she adjusted a lot. We Thais and Germans have different beliefs, such as eating rice, my wife will study the Baby- Led Weaning method for myself since 6 months, sometimes he will stick to my neck, I will be shocked. My wife told me not to let my children do it themselves. They would send us information because they were afraid I wouldn't believe it, or raising a child with a dog, if it was my mother's era, I would ban it, but nowadays scientists have found that if I raise a child with a dog, it will be stronger. For me, it's about relationships. I want him to be able to stand on his own as a quality citizen"As a father, has life changed a lot?", if my life has barely changed. With my lifestyle at home but changing my mindset, I have a daughter, I want to be a role model so that he will choose a partner in the future. What we do with our wives, we try to show more love in front of our children, they like lollipops when their parents kisses kisses their cheeks, and his wife's adaptation is like Thailand, it's not difficult to adapt. At first, I personally didn't want to have children, I liked solitude, but my wife wanted to have children. When I have children, it makes me feel like, um, I want to have one. My wife said he hasn't recovered yet.". All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Beautiful new davika beautiful chopper|Become another hot young heroine of the entertainment industry. For New Davika Hoorn, who recently won a new presenter and unveiled Almond Koka at Central Court @ CentralWorld yesterday, the event said that New Davika is super beautiful at the event with a white dress showing off her curves for everyone to be amazed.
Buddha Apiwan posted to Hyeh After joining Channel 8, thank you Sarayut-Korrachai|After Buddha Apiwan, a famous news anchor. Decided to quit Amarin TV. Many people are wondering which channel he will move to. Before Hyeh Surachai Chetchotisak, the big boss of RS and Channel 8, posted a picture with Buddha at RS Group and wrote a welcome message to the other party as the newest Channel 8 news director. Phuttha Apiwan posted a picture with Hyeh after deciding to join Channel 8 on his personal Facebook page and wrote, "Thank you Hyeh for honoring me to join Channel 8 and thank you to all the viewers who have been following me in the past month. Brother Korrachai who regularly sends good wishes. I was very grateful and grateful to all the adults who respected ordinary people like me to come in and exchange ideas and opinions, which I never thought I would ever meet before. Thank you very much and thank you to all the viewers for their respect. I'm ready to come back and serve..."
Mr. Naphat Poement Baifern is back. Instead, the answer I saw was embarrassing.|Since announcing the flirtation, it's the end of friends. It looks like the relationship of the hot young hero, Mr. Naphat, Somboon voice, and the bright-faced heroine, Bai Fern. The print will continue to improve. Although the recent trip to Bai Fern and Fern, the personal manager, did not have a young master with him, the event saw a sweet shot again. Fern posted a picture with her manager during a trip to Japan together with the caption "It's always better when we're together. #แวะอลังทริป."  This work is done by a young master who cannot bear the thought of fern leaves. Commenting on the young heroine and manager, she said, "I'm back to work, both of @fernzzupar @baifernbah", but the answer from fern leaves made many people shy away instead. "@naphat_nine miss, it's a catchphrase that makes many people like it, like it, and comment on the sweetness in a flash, such as nostalgic sentences that don't have a nostalgia, oh yes. I'm afraid of my boyfriend, I'm afraid of you. etc
Khao Sai The post boils down to a mean taxi, angry instead of a wife being left in the middle of the road.|Take a famous former boxer. He's sandy, galaxy, boiling hard. When the wife and child take a taxi after leaving the hospital. In the evening, however, I was chased down by a taxi mid-way, saying, "Urgently, find a green and yellow taxi, registration ... Bangkok, pick up my wife and children from Phayathai 2 Hospital at about 7.30 pm, let the driver contact me urgently#taxi #taxiสีเขียวเหลือง Who suggested the number that the complaint has disturbed?" He said he wouldn't accept the money transfer and let it go down. My wife said there were 2 kids here, and she said there were 3-4 kids too. My wife got out of the car and quickly grabbed her children's hands because the little ones were afraid to walk down the street, I wanted them to explain and apologize because I asked the children, and they told me that the taxi driver told them to get out of the car several times. Claiming that he said he had a job, his children told us why he kicked us out of the car. He's so mean. The more he has his own children, the more he knows how I feel. If you don't pick up passengers, you have to refuse at first. The driver should have known that the driver's license was also expelled in the middle of the road, an offence under the Land Transport Act"SPONSORED", which after he posted, there were fans who came to ask for redemption and expressed concern and encouragement. And there are many people who suggest how to track down such taxi drivers to take the blame for this latest one. He posted a thank you post with an update on the progress, saying, "Thank you all for your support and guidance on the guidelines. The Department of Land Transport has updated the progress of the taxi that dropped off passengers mid-way, who were found to be the wife and children of the famous former boxer. Khao Sai Galaxy says last The Land Transport Inspectorate has already found the driver of the taxi and summoned him to the Department of Land Transport at 5.00 p.m. today before reporting the allegations and taking further legal action."
Nikki left a message to Tails, love so much, miss with all her heart, want to come back.|After being caught up in a relationship whether to love or break up. Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachaporn recently called it clear that the status of the couple is not as smooth as before because Nikki has come out to talk about her lover and hope that this clip will reach the female side. Real life doesn't really talk much. A lot of cameras know for sure."
Pat Nappa responded to the drama of the child's boyfriend bowing to his feet, saying that he was proud and not disrespectful.|Earlier, Pat Nappa Tansakul revealed the cute moment of his 14-year-old boyfriend prostrate pat before bed every day, which became a heavy drama. Take this story and tell it to the media. Sharing the news of Strong Girl that aired on Thairath TV Channel 32, Pat Nappa has cleared the drama of prostration in the show for everyone to listen to and get rid of the suspicion that the drama prostrates feet. I'm going to prostrate anything about me, I share, I'm not writing a story. The story speaks like Pat talking to Atui. It's true, we share it, it's true. When he told me he was sitting on him, he nodded his head saying yes. Pat wasn't going to order him. He went to see the horoscope. Pat the tiger, both big animals. Pat is unlikely to stay. It's hot, big and big, scolding and scolding, and Pat refuses, meaning you have to leave his life, but he doesn't, but he doesn't, and what to do. Respect this woman as best as possible, respect Pat with dignity like Pat is an elder, like an aunt, like an uncle. He's 14 years older than him, he's a lot older than him, not the same generation, not he's older and pays homage to Pat. PAT'S OLDER THAN HIS ELDEST BROTHER, AND RESPECT FOR US WASN'T BROKEN, AND IT TURNED OUT HE DID. Pat didn't give it either. He came and asked, can I pray every day? We were puzzled as to what he was crazy about. Pat is proud. I don't know why Pat said people can look at it from different angles. When Pat speaks, it's informative. He did it because Pat was a lot older than him, and he respected us, and later he felt like he was doing well, so let's prostrate, and we said, hey, let's go and bow to your parents, and Pat said, not that Pat doesn't honor him, but we're proud of our lives for over 30 years. How can someone respect us so much and what he does, Rez sees, Rez follows, is what Pat wants (smiles).
Finally, Pui Fai reveals 3 numbers of incense sticks to the Vessuwan.|It has entered the gambling industry and is also loved by many lottery fans. For a good-tempered actress, Pui fai Nattapat. Wipattaradejsakul or Pui Fai AF, who has come out to tell many people the best numbers have been straight away for several installments, including the latest post that Pui Fai girl has shared via her personal Instagram Story, which is a photo of an auspicious incense stick that Pui Fai has lit to pay homage to Lord Thao Vessuwan, which reveals 3 digits prominently on the stick of incense. So that all the lottery fans are all lucky and hurry to take note of this installment.
Jenny has exhausted the slave contract drama. Forcing a child in the company to own a rich camp alone?|Moving either way becomes a drama. For talented singers and record label owners, Jenny Rushnok, the latest drama is a condition for renewing the label artist's contract, which says it needs to get 10 million views on YouTube. Jenny has been wielding her husband, Jew Coronation, at the launch event of the brand DD Jenny DD Body Cream, which she owns at SRP 5 Studios, and gave an open-minded interview and cleared up all the drama that has arisen about the label. It's not true, it's just headlines. If everyone reads it, everyone will understand that if a child gets 10 million views, it can continue or not, is to do it this season, want to give 100% opportunity, not for profit, ask why 10 million views, 10 million views is not money back in millions, only a hundred and two hundred thousand, but I want to have working capital. No, the more we do, the worse we get. IT'S GOING TO GET INTO OUR FLESH, SO I THINK, LET'S DO A PROJECT OF 10 MILLION VIEWS. It's a little month because it's going to be out of contract too, so I'm going to have to make up my mind here. Ask why Jenny is here to announce to people about it. Because if we only meet, we're in the back of the house. Of course, we don't have a current. The kids weren't born, Jenny might have been a little scolded for people to read, but at least the kids might have given birth to the following works. Jenny intends that the first 10 queues that you will show up for free. Jenny pays for everything throughout Thailand, is this a deal from the beginning with you? About 80% of my siblings say I don't want to go anywhere. I want to be with you because he's here. He asked to stay. If you really want to stay, you're going to have to show us your potential, let's help make this song loud, but if it's not loud anymore, then let's wait and see. When the contract expires, where do we go next, because we are not mean people during the 2 months of this mission? Everyone needs to show more because now the singers they don't have a label or independent singers are not. Everyone can be loud by themselves, just everyone is diligent, especially if we have people to support, we will have to do more, because if we wait for just Jenny, Jenny will not be able to catch up. We have to be 50/50. I want everyone to help me livestream. Making everyone see that he exists is important. Because if people are not famous, the music is difficult to get loud, too, if it reaches 10 million views, will we ask voluntarily to renew the contract with the children again? It all depends purely on the child's willingness. But there's nothing Jenny has forced. We want everyone to know that running a record label is something that we have to put a lot of effort into and invest a lot of money as well. There are now 12 people in charge of Jenny's various complaints, dramatic complaints, and the promises Jenny has made. People see it as farming on people's backs, probably from Jenny's giving them a good cream and giving them an order of 50 baht each. The income is not enough, so we said let's sell the product. No need to invest anything. I sent it to the pack. I gave him an order of 50 baht, Jenny thought that the person he wanted to get this opportunity for. The dealer will have to open at least 2,500 bills to sell ours, but we want everyone to have the right to sell for free. But Lily was the one who suggested that if he could sell tens of thousands of tubes, he would sell them. And he helped each other, can we renew the contract, we said ok, if everyone can do it. IF WE WANT AN OFFER THERE, WE ADD ANOTHER OFFERED. We speak out. Maybe people who don't really consume the news will be dramatized that in the end, they can sell themselves, but if Jenny can open another bill for someone else's house for you, but if you can't sell it, that means we lose again, because now Jenny doesn't have anything with her. We had to go and buy with a representative in the group to send it to the children because we didn't have anything anymore, it was like adding a career. It's hard to be a popular singer these days. If you're going to be a singer one way and you're not loud, it's like you can't make a living the other way. We gave him a way to make a future living, and it was a great opportunity, many people would have wondered why the owner of the camp was so rich alone. Nowadays, rats review products. Host, play, contractor Singing at concerts, parties, anything, because we thought that if we waited just for a singing event, we wouldn't survive either. We have families to take care of. Jenny feels tired too, because when we do a good label, we are not good because people judge us based on old things, but when we do not do well, we will be insulted, for example, if we do not renew the contract, we will see that we abandoned the child, but if the contract is renewed, and then do not ring again, we will be scolded. They ate and built a new camp. 20 million buildings to provide you with a better place to eat. Because we used to have drama about the mattress, that the child slept unwell, but the owner of the camp slept comfortably in the air-conditioned room, we made it. We apologize after the announcement. Are you ready to keep fighting?, he said if it doesn't reach 10 million views, can I stay? We like to pity people, but it's better to judge after the song is released, scared enough to have children, it's all mental, what will be the work in Bangkok? When I didn't have time for him, it was like we were pickling him up these days. Jenny never deducted a percentage because she thought we had enough. We don't need to just want a few thousand, or deduct that percentage of the child. This is something that is rarely seen by everyone, and it's just that this owner of the camp has a bad track record. I used to take care of the kids badly, I didn't want them to be judged there, because everything took time, and Jenny was very new to camp. Nowadays, we are fully developed. We've done our best for everyone.
Tour Down Nun Suttipa After being closely watched, Nikki gets into trouble. little finger  |Being caught up in a relationship, whether it's love or breakup. For the pair of Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachaporn, and the latest one is clearly called the status of the couple, the latest is not as smooth as before. It looks like Nikki is on the verge of catching up. While on social media, the hashtag #นิกกี้ก้อย trended on Twitter, where netizens commented on the clip of Nikki and Nun Suttipa. Actresses and YouTubers, both of whom see Nikki and Nun as too close, are different from each other's YouTube channels. Nikki's style of reaching has been seen as excessive. Don't be afraid. IN ADDITION, MANY PEOPLE HAVE CRITICIZED THE ACTIONS OF NUN SUTTIPA. IN EACH CLIP THAT COMES OUT WITH NIKKI, EVEN IF IT'S CONTENT, YOU SHOULD KNOW THE EXTENT OF WHAT YOU SHOULDN'T DO.
Rong Cha Cha Cha Post a screenshot of Nikki as a picture. Tails, fans flocked.|The news of love affairs is very shaky for the good-tempered young host, Nikki Nachat Chantaphan, and the actress-host. Koi Arachaporn Pokinbakorn, who during this time Nikki tried to get Tails through the media, made many people wonder how this story will end in the end. PEOPLE IN THE ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY ARE ALSO HELPING, INCLUDING COMEDIAN Rong Cha Cha Cha, who posted a screenshot of Nikki's mobile phone, which is also a picture of Tails with her beloved dog, and wrote the caption, "Don't do it today, don't come to Nong Koi@goyyog"SPONSORED  Nikki, after seeing the photo, liked it and commented on it as a heart emoji, although it was only a short comment, but the fans who saw it felt more moist and all commented as full-hearted heart emojis.
Hai-Zen Paper Plains Create a new legend Invite a gang of baby teeth to wash their noses (video) |After 2 young Hai-Sen Paper Planes, the owner of the famous song Song Like Bad, became the leader of the baby tooth gang, and the 2 boys often received requests from parents for Hai and Sen to be the voice of the children, such as telling the children to brush their teeth before bedtime, which the children obeyed and did as the gang leader told them. In the clip, Hai-sen is a nose wash and has Sen encouraging next to him, and in the clip also said, "What about teenagers, let's wash their noses, there is only this device to wash the nasal cavity more clean, feel the nose clearer than before", with the caption "Bad shape washes (nose) often, let's wash the nose". Called 2 guys, that guy came to the rescue of the mother man really well.
Get to know Nun Suttipa The hottest girl in the world Nikki-Koi|It's another beautiful girl. For Nun Suttipa, kongdee with unbeaten handwriting in acting. She is beautiful, cute and funny in one person, and she was nicknamed "Zhao Lushi". For Nun Suttipa Kongsongdee, now 28 years old, born on April 13, 1995, a native of Chonburi province, graduated from the Civil Aviation Institute. Bowon Kongsongdee, who also works in the entertainment industry. It's been a beautiful girl since she was a little girl. She became known for joining UTip Freshy idol in 2011 for the 5th generation. She has worked in the entertainment industry as an actress under GMMTV until 2021, with many acting credits such as ROSE IN DA HOUSE, U-PRINCE Series, My Aunty, Endless Love, as well as playing MV song "@noon_sutthiphaHeartbreak" of Dance Nararak in 2022 and modeling with SPONSORED. Both Nikki Nachat, Jack my boyfriend, each of which has received views and fans are very interested and commented on the cuteness of Nun.
Kimberly is ready to dress 5 full bridal mak prin, 70% update|It's a big play for the young heroine, Kimberly Ann Voltemus, who had previously flown to Paris, France, to try on a wedding dress. In order to wear it on another important day of my life, I recently had the opportunity to meet a girl, Kimberly, while participating in a publicity walk for the drama. Dr. Luang, who opened up and shared the excitement of wearing a bridal gown for the first time in real life, saw to try on a wedding dress? I've tried all the dresses, and how did you feel about that moment? You know, we've worn a lot of dresses, and we think this one should be beautiful, but when we really try it, it doesn't, and the other one we see doesn't think it should be, but when it comes out beautiful, it's 4 times, it appears that we like it, so how many dresses have we decided to make? Events in outer cities 2 and Thai events 3 include after parties. How many dresses have you tried in Paris? 3 dresses to try in Paris, 2 sets in outer cities, 1 dress in Thailand, sponsored now? Still, I'm surprised, do we want to see Mak cry? Yes, I want to see the tears in men's eyes, I want them to see us in the first look where we actually wear bridal gowns, being a real bride in real life, feeling different from the bride in the drama? When it's almost there, it's exciting, and when you wear it, is it happy to feel like a bride? It's not that big, but is the theme of the event the same in Thailand and abroad, or will it go in the same direction, maybe the same, and then choose something the same all the time? The men's dress was finished, so he told us to finish it before I asked to see it. Don't you know how we hit each other before composing? But there will be a way he won't choose. He's overly indulgent, but we feel like a little help, tired, and a little bit of choice. He said he chose to go, it wasn't like we chose. Does he pay? Yes. He paid for it all, and Kim told him that he was over budget. He said he didn't want to know. Oh, go on, don't stop? Is it too much of a budget for him? It's not a lot, can you still include a wedding dress? Kim's dress pays for itself. I don't want him to come. How expensive is it called full-fledged pa-mak-pay? (laughs) Where did the event go? About 70 percent of the jobs in Thailand are still in place. IT'S ONLY BEEN A MONTH, I SEE YOU TELL ME A MONTH.SPONSORED
Super bang. Entertainment people are ready to participate in the launch of the new collection, Prae Vatanika. |The launch of the best fashion brand SHU and V for SHU's powerful collection of the year is a collaboration between SHU, the global lifestyle fashion brand of Po Korkanok Sawang ruamchok, and Prae Vatanika Patamsing na Ayutthaya, designer of VATANIKA, a well-known fashion brand, to create a special work SHU VATANIKA. Celebrities and models who patted their feet in attendance were busy, such as guitars and declarations. Top designers in Thailand, Mind-Praewpreeya Chumsai Na Ayutthaya, Obum-Rasrin Chumsai Na Ayutthaya, Fan-Pornsamon Piriyametha, Miriam Sarprommas, Nat Nisanee, Fai-Weluree Disyabutr, Nachat-Kaviyanat Hermann, Cheam-Yanisa The highlight of the event was the spectacular fashion show of famous models and beauty queens such as Yoshi Rinrada Thuraphan. Miss Tiffany 2017, Pornfa-Punika Kulsoonthornrat, 2nd runner-up, Miss Universe Thailand 2020, Sasi Sintawee, Miss International Thailand 2015, Nattha Thongkaew, 2nd runner-up, Miss Supra National Thailand 2022, Daran Sethinich Chonvarasutsiri, Sia-Anastencia Okoye and Mint Puthida from The Face Thailand, for example, showed the beauty of the 3 types of shoes and concluded with a surprise finale show from Khun Te-Piyarat Kaljaruk. The big boss of Kantana camp, who came to walk in a dress adorned with black feathers. THE FACE IS CAMOUFLAGED WITH BLACK MESH, WHICH CREATES A LOT OF BUZZ AMONG THE AUDIENCE.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Sadly, deer, kamolchanok Take your family and send your mother, Nut Nuti, to heaven. People in the industry mourned. |From the previous one, Kwang Kamolchanok On March 13, 2023, the news broke of the loss of Mother Nut Nuti Khemayothin, with a private Instagram post saying, "RIP. She's handling mom. A lot of relatives and friends asked. Instead, I would like to inform you that my mother will turn 86 years old in the coming months. You have a lot of pain because of blood clots inside the blood vessels. Emergency surgery for 2 nights Everything has happened so suddenly since last Tuesday. Thank you to siriraj medical team for helping each other to the best of your ability, you slept well (last night). Thank you for sending your concern and encouragement to me and my family." ON THE DAY OF BRINGING THE FAMILY TO SEND GRANDMOTHER FOR the last time, the message reads, "Take the children, send your grandmother to heaven #ชีวิตคิดบวกของกวางกมลชนก".
Mr. Naphat couldn't bear to think about picking up Bai Fern at the airport after returning to Thailand.|It's called love fanaticism. For the hot young hero Mr. Naphat sounds somboon because since the announcement of the end of the way friends. Go ahead and flirt with the beautiful heroine, fern leaves. Typography Fans have been able to see the couple's sweet moments even on their recent trip to fern and fern leaves. Personal manager Go to Japan together, there will be no young master with you, but still see the sweetness. When the young hero commented that he was back at work, he found fern and replied, "I miss you." A nostalgic sentence that doesn't have a nostalgia, it's like this. Mr. Naphat can't stand nostalgia. By the time the fern leaves flew back from Japan. This event, the famous hero was picked up at Suvarnabhumi Airport and filmed from the moment the plane landed. They also posted pictures of suitcases and tagged fern leaves. Fern reposted the photo and wrote, "Go back and trade." Although the couple's picture is not there, but their sweetness penetrates the mobile screen.
Nikki Strikes After being expelled to be single, the lifestyle is not suitable for having a partner.|It's been watched a lot. For Nikki Nachat's relationship with Koi Arachporn After rumors circulated that the couple had broken up, Nikki herself seemed to be trying to move forward. Tails to come back as it was, from which he left a message to Koi said that she is a woman who loves her very much, misses her heart and wants her to come back. #นิกกี้ก้อย Trending The netizens broke into 2 parties, both cheering for them to go and telling them to break up because they felt pity for the girls. Recently, Nikki posed for a photo with the famous rapper while shooting MV together. The netizens who followed the event came in and commented a lot, both cheering for reconciliation with Tails soon and wanting Nikki to come out and tell me that in conclusion they were just flirting or breaking up, but one comment came in and wrote, "SPONSORED, "Be single, Nikki, pity the woman who is your boyfriend. But the truth is everyone can't stand it, look at the friends around you who have been dating for a long time, check out Leo James or Mouse. Tails has endured for so long, and in his heart is love. In the end, Nikki wasn't wrong, but Nikki's lifestyle wasn't suitable for having a boyfriend, having a partner." Stop being Tails, Nikki, pity him for having to endure seeing his girlfriend, looking at other people's milk, pity." At this event, Nikki responded immediately, "Pity yourself, don't be silly."
Aom Arakpan moves after cancer The crowd cheered overwhelmingly. |After the young hero Aom Arakpan He hasn't been active on social media for a long time, as Aom is undergoing treatment for cancer, posting a picture of himself with a hashtag. #ผมพร้อมแล้ว To promote a campaign for the clinic and to donate a portion of the proceeds to the foundation. To help treat cancer patients affected by radiation and hair loss. After posting this story, friends in the entertainment industry have been flocking to the comments to cheer with a heart shape to cheer for Aom to be healthy and heal soon.
Peggy Srithanya opened a luxurious mansion. Inside the house is magnificent.|Super Show Off Super Uay Super Verwang with Peggy Srithanya's magnificent mansion that the latest show hit the back of the kitchen to open the door of the luxury house. Brother Oh-Brother Art-Brother Black-Brother Willie and the fans have invaded every room. Every corner of the house that the host praises is the Top 5 of the elegant house. It's called Shangaria, and it's the same brand as Byungse. The bathtub must be the top. All equipment All furniture must be number one only because it is the home of life, of pride. Total price portion He confessed without hesitation that he couldn't really remember how much work he had done in this house with his husband in charge. I get a problem from Peggy to give it to me, but when I get into my husband's story, I get in the way. The people hit the back of the kitchen. Ask directly, and answer exactly the same as the difference in style and age. BUT BECAUSE OF THE DIFFERENCES, IT FILLS THE GAPS AND FILLS THE TEASE, SO THE SPONSORED ENDS THE HILARITY WITH A SPECIAL GUEST. Sena ling, who came to the scene of hilarity and secrets in Peggy's headboard, broke the pontoon. Peggy screamed. Who wants to know the secrets to connecting young husbands with entertainment and youthful goodies? YOU CAN WATCH IT ON SUNDAY 19 MARCH 2023 ON CHANNEL 3.SPONSORED.
Nag Charlie is handsome but strange, posing to show off her 24-waisted waist to the girls.|He's handsome, but he's really weird for the young Baptist hero Nag Charlie. Although previously turning the look from a sir boy to a handsome man to shoot commercials, the girls screamed at the handsome look, seeing the thin heart in a row, and said that they wanted to keep this handsome for a long time. Nag Charlie Back to handsome but weird mode again, and this event may cause the girls to hold their temples, because they recorded a clip showing off their waist 24 and wrote the caption "Sorry to you, but I won #ถึงผญหลายๆคนอุ๋ยขอโทษ #อย่าดักตบชั้นนะ". Taking off his shirt, he said in a dark voice, "I'm sorry if this video may have hurt a lot of women. In the morning I opened the scrolls, and in the scriptures it says that I was not born handsome alone (let go of me), in the book there is a verse that says I was born to kill you too"SPONSORED, before posing with a slim waist of 24 inches with a full femininity, walking twisted around, showing the loose edges of his pants, and saying, "Waist is 24, but it's still loose. Do you think you can wear it?" before laughing and showing off his spinning and buttocks, then posed, twisted his waist and said honestly, "Can we wear it together? I'm sorry, waist 24" among the comments tease, such as when to heat up money again, hate ginger, galangal, lemongrass, God gives handsomeness, heck more than 100, but forgot to give you how to use it.
Mickey Praya loves her boyfriend in Singapore showing off her sweet shots.|Many people say that mom is mom. Nothing can be resisted for Mickey Praya, a famous YouTuber who is now in love with her international boyfriend Antoine, a chef and owner of a French restaurant. They decide to be good friends and start a relationship with a new person, this young chef. Fans who followed respected Mikey's decision and said they would follow her forever. Mikey, along with her handsome boyfriend Antoine, go on a trip to Singapore. He posted a picture on social media with the message "I didn't choose you! my heart did". I'm very jealous of my mother's body, some say, and I'll change it again. be serious Where does the world go? What do we like to do? And this is a personal story. Our lives? I have to be the happiest, I care for the villagers, I'm very happy, I'm very cute, I'm so cute, I'm my mom!!!, this western restaurant owner is very nice, my mom is very cute. VERY APPRECIATIVE TO MY MOTHER, ETC.SPONSORED
nun suttipa Moved after being dropped from the tour because the tethered people did it. Nikki-Koi has a problem. |After actress-YouTuber Nun Suttipa Kongsongdee was dug up a clip of a show where she teased Nikki Nachat until she was linked to the love of Nikki and Koi Arachaporn. There is a problem because of this caused Nun Suttipa to find the tour in a puzzling way, there were people who commented that in the photo that Nun posted to promote the show with Nikki on Instagram a lot, but there were also some netizens who went to remind netizens not to rush to make a decision before hearing the story from their mouths. The actress-YouTuber also moved on her Instagram by posting a picture to her IG Story. If you're guessing, the nuns might go to worship. She moved on to her personal Instagram by posting a picture via IG Story depicting Buddha Mujlint. The Serpent Mujlint and the Serpent AS FOR THE ISSUE THAT WAS CAUGHT BY NETIZENS AS THE ONE WHO CAUSED Nikki-Koi's love problems, we will have to wait to hear him come out to clarify.
"37 years old, Asni and Vasant" announced both rounds of Sold Out.|Escape Krung Connect, the biggest concert organizer of the year, "37 years old, Asni and Vasant", will perform on April 29-30 at IMPACT Arena. In addition to the 2 brothers, Asani-Vasant Chotikul was accompanied by a guest of Dee Va Mai Charoenpura, Masha Wattanapanich and Am-Saolak. After announcing the official ticket sales date (March 8), the response from fans was overwhelming, only the first 30 minutes had to be sold out for the first round, and the second round of tickets had to be sold on the same day and after just 3 hours, the second round tickets were also sold out. Who already has tickets for this concert? Keep it well "37 years old, Asni and Vasant". Anyone who has a card and holds it tightly and enjoys singing to the fullest with a selection of songs to match the 37-year-old's great full-length concert production. Let's sing a heartbreaking jigsaw with a nostalgic love song to make an impact at the same time.sponsored
"Madame Frog" leads the cast of "Swans in Crow's Crow's Cage" in "Hello Souptar".|This week, fans of the drama "Swan in the Crow's Cage" stayed the drama because the organizers and actors gathered mount, led by the organizers Frog–Papasra, Ben–Santirat, PP–Patchaya, Pam–Suchanuch, Sui–Pornnapa and Ice–Nathasa. The event was attended by good-tempered hosts New mustache-thanit and Kwangki-Naphat, who took on the task of digging into the behind-the-scenes work to make fans on screen with the story of the separation of a girl fighting for the life of a billionaire. Listen this Saturday at 5pm on Channel 7HD, press 35.00. All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
"Dan Woravej" delighted with the feedback "Like a mantra", the soundtrack of the drama "Petra Narumit".|It's back to creating a buzz among fans. After Dan–Worawet Danuwong Quality singer caught the mic singing "Like a Mantra", which is the theme song of the drama "Petra Narumit" on Channel 7HD, with Ek Season Five, the executive of Soulmate Sound, a subsidiary of Tero Music, to take care of the lyrics, melody, and Kid-Supakit Fonthanakit, who was in charge of the arrangement. I was very lucky to have contacted him. Before I started going into the recording room, I did a lot of homework because I've been away from singing for so long that when we had to sing this genre, it had to be very difficult. THE HOOK HAS A PERIOD OF DODGING, AND THEN THERE'S THE SINGING SESSION IN A ROW: A LITTLE BIT MORE WILL BE RAPPING AND THEN SPONSORED. I'm very happy because since MV came out, there have been a lot of comments. At first, I was secretly excited about the same. I think my fans are happy to hear me sing (smiling) because when we meet, they'll always ask for some help. Because lately I have been taking very few jobs. I am very focused on this work, including I leave to watch the drama Petra Narumit, I think it is very interesting to listen to my voice in it as well"Listen to the song "Like a mantra" The theme song of the drama "Petra Narumit" can be heard simultaneously on YouTube : Ch7HD https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4Aom16rHdQ mount clear Every episode. Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Chipmunk Supaksorn tears up about the minutes of his father's life because of liver cancer (video)|The mother-of-two for Chipmunk Supaksorn, who today will update her mental state after her father suddenly passed away from liver cancer through the "Chat Zap Show" on Channel 31, hosted by PK Piyawat and Peggy Srithanya, who hosted the heartbreaking show. Chipmunk: Yes, we have been fighting for 2 years, do you always tell me how it's going, go to chemo, or when he goes? Chipmunk: He was in Chiang Mai, and then he went to the hospital in Chiang Mai. Like fear, we are uncomfortable. Chipmunk: If you can choose to do that, chipmunk has already consulted the doctor and we know that we know phase 1, phase 2, can we fix it? He told me to fix it. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO RECOVER, BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HOW MUCH YOU'RE GOING TO FIGHT. Chipmunk: He said that he had a lump in his liver, so we didn't know what the lump was, so we gave it to him for treatment and then came back to Bangkok for treatment. The doctor came to tell us that we don't know, I think the doctor when he said the word lump and necrosis, it's different, it's a lump, we look at it as a lump, but the necrosis is necrosis, at that time I was stunned, when I found out, I quickly treated it, the doctor told us that dad has 3 months left, right? At first, the doctor didn't say that for 3 months the chipmunk told me to fight for 2 years with my father was flying around Bangkok, lately when my father was heavy, he would be in so much pain that he could not move. We didn't go there because it wasn't heavy. But when I come to Bangkok, we will already know because we talked to the doctor directly about what it was and then the last time he said that he needed to inject a needle? At first, surgery was performed. When I entered the operating room, the doctor had to sew it back. Because the liver is already very hard, after which my father has been in pain. The doctor said he could only stay for 3 months, but he talked to his dad. My dad wasn't much, he was still on a plane, which really wanted him to stay in Bangkok for a long time, but the elderly who were provincials would be very attached to his home. So he agreed to fly back. 3-4 times a month, but after a while, I don't get healthy, so why don't chipmunks choose chemotherapy? Chipmunk: Like a saying that in the end it doesn't help, and then it tortures, so he asks that chemo he doesn't do and what methods do he use to treat his father?chipmunk: He called it natural therapy, which is to drip the medicine that the hospital saw telling him the natural therapy at a very high price? If it's cancer, does drip medicine help?chipmunk: Chipmunk says it's a prolongation of time. At first, my dad seemed to be a little collapsed when he took the first dose. The doctor said it was better, so I was happy to inject the 2nd needle, but when I injected the 2nd needle, it was not the same. His father's condition would subside, and his father was in great pain. When he's in a lot of pain, he can't eat. When I'm with a chipmunk, the chipmunk feeds him. I had to eat, but when I went back to Chiang Mai, I was surprised. HE ATE SOME, DIDN'T EAT SOME, SPONSORED TO FLY TO BANGKOK-CHIANG MAI TO TREAT HERE, THE TREATMENT COST SHOULD BE A LOT, HOW MUCH IS GONE?CHIPMUNK: 2 YEARS BEFORE DAD LOST ABOUT A MILLION BAHT, BUT 2 YEARS IS HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS, CHIPMUNKS DON'T COUNT HOW MUCH, SEEING THAT IT TOUCHED THE TENTH WITH IT?CHIPMUNK: IT WASN'T THAT SIZE, BUT IT WAS HIGH 2 YEARS AGO. There is surgery. There there is. My dad has a heart, a kidney, and a liver. In the meantime, there will be a heart treatment. What is the heaviest liver, before that my father smoked, there was a blood clot in the heart, he had a balloon and then he lost it. Chipmunk: The day the chipmunk met dad, before that my dad wanted to go home, but before that my dad had been in the ICU for 10 days, the first day he said he didn't want to go back, he wanted to stay. On the 2nd day, I said I wanted to go back, my father collapsed a lot, we were the head of the family, we decided to be alone. My father's last days. Chipmunk wants to go home?chipmunk: Actually, chipmunks want it to pass, so it's a matter of deciding to keep dad more. At that time, the doctor came and told me that if I let my father go back, there would be this procedure, I would not give any more medication, no more blood, no more pressure-boosting drugs. The doctor wants us to do our best, and he doesn't take it anymore. My dad came to ask us, so we decided from noon to 8 p.m. sitting in the hospital room. At first I told the doctor that it was ok, we would fight. After sitting for a while, I felt like I had asked for a lot of dad. Dad fought a little bit, so we felt that in the last moment. So I decided to run to change at 2pm at first telling the doctor around 1pm that I was going to be fine, and I decided to tell the doctor that I wanted to take my dad home. We want dad to go home. We didn't want to lose on the way because from Chiang Mai to Bangkok, Bangkok to Chiang Mai was very far away, so we talked to the doctor about how to get dad home before there was another thing. If you get to the house, your breath is still there. Who will take off the oxygen? The doctor also said that we would accept a condition that perhaps had a final hurdle, that we could accept it, this was an important point that chipmunks were very afraid of whether we would do it right, could we continue to do this? But we indulged dad. When the chipmunk whispered to my dad that tomorrow morning my dad would come home. Dad smiled happily during the ambulance ride?chipmunk: In the morning, chipmunks let mom ride in the ambulance. Chipmunk drove with her husband, before getting into the car and whispering to her father that she was strong. Dad is home, dad, he's strong, fighting, let's get to the house in about 7 hours. Chipmunk: When he got to the house, he looked at him with eyes like he was glad to be in his bed. I can't look at it anymore. I decided to have my mother take it off, and then I brought the monks to my father to offer to the sangha at the last moment, the most chipmunks were my father, slowly breathing rich Rin and falling asleep, because at first we were afraid, as the doctor said, is it difficult? What did you say when you got home?chipmunk: He couldn't speak anymore, it was just the sight he looked at, and when he said he was going to take off the ventilator, he nodded.
"The Earth" EP.5 prepares to burst into flames, but does not leave a broken eye.|For the 4th consecutive week of the Y-Sai Boo series "Chains of heart", which recently hit the rating of 15 years old and over to 0.6, and is a series that diligently creates memorable memes, including the scene of Khao Soi Kai Media Love, the ice cream feeding scene of the storm and the rocks that fin peck pillows fall apart, the latest 2 presenters Khun Anthisorn Chaoonpreecha and Mr. Supakit Kanupat, full of beauty of Mae Kampong, who took the set to see the beautiful atmosphere, including the action of fire and fin ta break in EP.5. Lu (Boom Ravivich) talks to Inpha (Tui Kiatkamol) at the temple. Storm and Rock took Ken back out, ignoring Lu. He secretly thinks that Lu will be the same as Inpha, and instructs Ken not to go around with Lu again. At the house of affection, the brick father (button thanayong) and the mother cat (crab puzzle). Cooking for the kids Ken immediately grew sad, with his mother coming to comfort him, and in the middle of the night while Ken was out walking by the water alone. A man in black sneaks in from behind him, seriously injuring Kane before threatening him. Lu follows Ken, but is caught by Ken, pressing him against the bed and showing signs of dissatisfaction. BUT WHAT LU REPLIED TO WAS KEN, ALMOST CAN'T MAKE UP HIS MIND, AND WAS STUNNED. "It's almost to the peak. We'll have to wait and see what Lu says. In this EP.5, there's a whole bunch of action, a lot of romance already, and Lu is still a questionable person for both Stone, Storm, and Kane because we're so close to him that it's confusing. More than expected. Thank you to everyone who followed us, we made the best of every scene, every episode." "Chains of heart" EP.5 this Saturday, March 18 at 10.40pm on Channel 3, watch the UNCUT version online at 11.10pm on the iQIYI app and iQ.com web only.SPONSORED
Tata Young posted a couple photos of Book Sikpat. Put a caption to make people wonder, and comment on it.|Although he hasn't spoken out yet about whether he's in love with a new love, singer Amita Amita hasn't spoken out yet. Tata Young also often posts pictures and clips with younger actors. Book Sikpat Sethapongpatch Many people wondered what their relationship was like recently. Tata Young posted a picture with a book in white. Standing around the Temple of the Emerald Buddha and holding his shoulders and writing the thought-provoking caption "15-3-2023" and tagging the book's IG with SPONSORED. A close senior in the industry, singer and actor Moss Prabhan, commented, "If you love someone yes I will love too", and Tata replied, "Thank You, I Love You! My good brother," and Book commented, "Gotho Thammo Sangmo a Mitta," and Tata replied with a wailing emoji.
son Sornphet Sornsuphan Heng won the lottery. After my father dreamed of buying an age number.|It's called getting a full asset for Sirichok Sornsuphan. Son of the late country singer Sornphet Sornsuphan. Because after the government lottery awards were announced. On March 16, 2023, it appears that he won the lottery with the last 2 numbers 73 and the prize of 3 front numbers 420. Sornsuphan He posted a picture of himself with the winning lottery. There are 9 lotteries with 2 numbers of 73 and 1 lottery with 3 numbers of 420 pages, and a message that reads, "Father Sarphet came to dream of stabbing the last 2 numbers of the 3 faces underground"SPONSORED made hundreds of congratulatory comments, some of which teased that he asked for a lottery ticket. Congratulations to Thairath Online.
"Rattan" was bullied until he had a wound, revealed on the show "One Day with Matthew, One Day Is Good, Hit the Celebrity".|Y2K Rattan–Panyarisa Thierprasit or Wai Kamikaze has returned to shake up the T-POP music scene under XOXO Entertainment after returning to tour. Most recently, Matthew Dean, host of "One Day with Matthew, One Day Is Good, Hit the Celebrity". Invite Rattan girls to play ice skating, the popular sport of Y2K era at Ice Naka Arena Rangsit, before discussing the things that are deep in their hearts that they have been bullied until they have panic attacks. In the past, rattan was very strong, but when pressed by people often, I regretted feeling discouraged. It takes a long time to get better. It diminishes our confidence. WE WERE STILL KIDS, BUT I WAS STRESSED AND DIDN'T UNDERSTAND WHY PEOPLE TALK TO US LIKE THIS, BUT WE COULD ONLY LET GO," SPONSORED RATTAN, WHO RECALLED BACK IN HIS SCHOOL DAYS, "WHEN I WAS AT SCHOOL, RATTAN WAS BULLIED A LOT. They're young, probably still unable to figure out what's right and wrong. I don't know if it's to give another person a wound in his heart. During school, no one talked to me. I've always been gutted. I remember one time we were sitting alone and they walked together with 4 people, opened a very long paper and read to us about the reasons why they hate us. Nowadays, I still take panic suppressants. Rattan believes that our words are just One Simple Word One Action, the rest depends on whether we can get through it, encourage ourselves. If it comes to passing, it will be what makes us stronger today"Follow it all in "One Day with Matthew, One Day It's Good, Hit the Celebrity" today at 10.30pm on MONO29.
"Tak Bongkot - Boonchai Magnate" invested in building the kingdom "Benjarongkakul" on an area of 800 rai.|The event was held together with the whole family, "Tak-Bongkot". "Boonchai Benjarongkul" and "Nong Khao Hom – Biokit" who attended T&B Media Global (Thailand) Co., Ltd. organized "The Universe of Happiness" at Sam Yan. Mitrtown Hall, 5th floor, by Tak Kuang couple, Khun Boonchai, update life and plan to build a farming empire. Let's start with once in a while. Wielding a couple to work out? "Today is like wedding day (laughs), a lot of people," Tak said, "I'm so shy right now (laughs)." Mr. Boonchai "I'm really addicted to my children, tak, he stopped accepting film-drama work so that he can take care of the fragrant rice fully." "It also means that if there is a good chapter, it is accepted, but it must be consulted first, because if we go to work, Mr. Boonchai will be able to schedule it." "No, now the one who forbids it is the son. You don't have to go to your father's hand anymore," asked about building a farming empire? "The total area is 800 rai. We actually have a part where we have a contest for the love of homeland for the 14th year, and then we help farmers to band together and do things on their own, develop into community enterprises and export themselves. Like this year about cocoa, we may go back to the person who won the 1st place to join him, trying to promote farmers all over the country, because now online everything is easy, now everyone is making great progress, we do what we want to do, they do what they want to do." There is a house, a tree, sometimes when we bring it down, sometimes it dies, we take the wood to make a chair, this is the place of the horse ah, and now the land tax is up, so we want to adjust it to an agricultural plantation. Tak likes something like this already, Boonchai likes it too, the space is huge, but the care is very good. Managing it is not as simple as building a building. Because we can make nature happen. We'll have to go do it again. And in the next 30-40 years it will be a big tree, the bark and the wood will be hard. If a dead tree occurs, it is over. We have to replant and build a house for all of your children because we are Gongxi. We live together. There is no one separated, it is the Kingdom of Benjarongkul"Khun Boonchai "It's not a big house, a small house, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. This is the house in Saraburi. His house is in Suwinthawong. "Seeing the serpent dream?" is a personal belief. Please use your judgment, but Tak told us in a way that Tak did not lie, we went into the area, we wanted to cut down some trees, there were 2 tan trees, so we dismantled it because it was in the middle of the area, so we dreamed. He saw our area, so he said that he had to practice, go to temples, make merit, pray, because there you who are mostly serpents." Tak "No," Boonchai said, "Don't worry, this family is chill, don't worry"Tak "No more, because if there is, of course, Mr. Boonchai is always with Tak, can't go anywhere"SPONSORED, how do you say no to the girls who come to you? "It's my job, Boonchai doesn't have to do anything, he's a secretary for me, he's always there, always talking. Keep an eye on your phone. Talk through us all the time. As for anything that isn't a job, let's talk about it. I'm very happy for you. Look at my face, smiling (laughs)"Are you happy with this personal secretary? I'm considering increasing my salary, but I'm coming soon."
nun suttipa Clarification after being dropped from the tour, revealing the cause Nikki-Koi has a real problem.|After a wave of trending drama. In the case of the couple Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachaporn, who seemed to have a love problem with each other, until the news that the woman had escaped. As a result, hashtags #นิกกี้ก้อย quickly trended on Twitter, with netizens digging into old stories of male behavior and linking to actress Nun Suttipa, who the female side seemed to be close to Nikki. Look beyond colleagues until the tour goes down. Recently, Nun Suttipa has come out in a motion and clarified the truth, "Only "brotherly love" pushes each other to work. Always subport, always ask for redemption for your brothers. There is no other kind of love. Clearly separating personal and work matters, sponsored about the issues of the brothers that have arisen, I have realized that it is a matter of not getting home on time as possible. Agreed to make an appointment, causing problems. Thank you for listening."
Patchar Anon reveals that Nikki Sad Koi has not returned, wondering why people like to break up.|It has been a hot topic for the past several days. For the story of the relationship of the famous couple Nikki Nachat Chantaphan and Koi Arachaporn Pokinpakorn, who are now being watched as a love interest, and Nikki's side is trying hard to catch up. SOME WANTED TO RECONCILE, BUT MANY WANTED TO QUIT AND CRITICIZED THE MEN FOR POSING WITH OTHER WOMEN, LEADING TO THE TOUR OF BOTH NIKKI AND ANOTHER ACTRESS WHO WORKED WITH NIKKI AND BECAME CLOSE TO SPONSORED. The famous film director Patchar Anon posted a promotional photo of the movie "Tiger Pan" featuring Nikki and Tisha. Kanticha Chumma performed together and wrote a message about Nikki: "I don't understand why people nowadays like to break up, we're the ones who are close to Nikki and we've always found it. I saw it from day one at Central Eastville. We always ask if this person is right. I love him after that, Tails picks him up and drops him off regularly, it's cute, before the news, I still talk to Nikki because Nikki comes to shoot tiger movies almost every day, it still tells us about it, we say that if you love him, you have to go to him because he's wrong. It also says that this person I'm married to. Wait a few more years, he's good to me. He's not like everyone else, and he sees Nikki caring for Tails all the time, going to shoot movies in a place where a lot of beautiful women are on set. Nikki had to jump, but it was calm that day, so I asked about it. The answer is that Tails hasn't come back yet, so we told him to calm down. If I love him after seeing this news, pity Nikki, it's dull like a lot of people think, so I don't dare to talk to him in the picture as a scene in the tiger movie, it has nothing to do with Tisha, don't take it again, keep fighting, love you. If you love him, you have to endure, but the person who is not involved does not want to break up, this kind of thing is about 2 people, when he is good, be careful, will become a person, including - love, he must endure. There's not much to promote the movie - the movie is going to be in - it's not his story, it's not his story, it's not surviving, it's a lot of fighting, it's still swimming around, it's happening close to you all the time. Keep suing your boss, don't give up. - I don't want to leave. The same person will wait a few days for you."  
Khan-Day-Way Listen to Ta Lueng Baby join Thaitanium 23rd Anniversary Party|For over 23 years, we've been bringing joy to our fans through music. For the famous hip-hop band Thaitanium (Thai Tenium) with members like 3 young khan ngern. NUAN, WAY PARINTHA INTHACHAI, DAY CHAMRAS TASSAWAD, AS WELL AS BIG CALO AND DJAYBUDDAH, DESPITE THEIR TIME APART, EVENTUALLY REUNITED AND PRODUCED NEW MUSIC FOR THEIR FANS. Thai Tanium held the "THAITANIUM 23rd THANK YOU PARTY" concert held on March 18, 2023 at Mirinn Theatre RCA, a concert party after they reunited, with "Ta Lueng Baby", the latest single to rework past hits Ta Lueng. Thairath Entertainment Online had the opportunity to meet and talk to them about this work, which seems to be very exciting about this work.sponsored asked about the thank you party concert on the occasion of the 23rd anniversary of Thai Tenium?way: It is a party for our fans, it is the 23rd anniversary of Thai Te Khan Ngern: This month is our birth month. On March 29, he turned 23. Tickets are very limited because they are not big. Way: It's my 23rd birthday, it's very close to sweat because it's so close (smiling), there are guests including ENGFA, KRATAE, IRONBOY, PRADAA, NICECNX, Archy, Tobii, SPRITE, GUYGEEGEE, OG BOBBY, POKMINDSET, WONDERFRAME, BIGSLP and GUNNER. We don't play like one band is over and the other is up: there are some, but the Thai Tei part, because there are many artists, it may not include all artists, but in the Thai Tei part, there is a special show. Behind it is an LED screen, but it will feel under the ground. Hip-hop: It's a movie theater, it's a stepping down, it's a silver bowl theater: It's like being in a movie theater that's not very big, there are 500-600 people, it's a very warm concert for real music fans, what to expect with this concert? What songs are there to show?: There are some special versions of the song. There are some songs that have not been listened to in a long time. There's a ta lueng baby song that's the newest version of the song. I haven't sung it anywhere yet, so I'll see it that day: The original Ta Lueng section. (laughs) Way: And then there's a special version of 3-4 songs that will be recreated for that day, come to the whole team, there's Big Calo and DJAYBUDDAH. Doors are open from 6:00 a.m. to midnight. There are a lot of artists. Music requires a lot of energy. You don't have to wear high heels. Wear sneakers so you can stand for a long time (smile)Money bowl: I do push-ups every day (laughs). (My kids are just 2 months old, it's fun, I've never dreamed of having a little baby in my life, it's the new rapper's way (laughs). I asked how I was preparing for the concert, I rehearsed normally, but I was a little sleep-deprived, but my mom was heavier, and I was encouraging. Nowadays, sleep 2-3 hours. Go to encourage mothers who are breastfeeding, a new chapter, now a dozen eyes, is there a consultation on raising a baby? He's been through that for a very long time. My baby is now 10 years old, I'm just 2 months old, there's still a long way to go (laughs). SLICK, SIR (SMILE)SPONSORED OTHERS, HE HAS IT ALL. I see that you want to get married, do you want to get married? He just winked and came and said: Calm down, friend (smile) Oh, crazy, I'm old. Who would have looked at that and asked about the song Ta Lueng Baby, which was made at this concert?: It's made to celebrate 23 years, it's a song that we play every day. Take the song and recreate it, and it'll be 20 years old. The new generation may not have heard of it anymore, so we thought it would be fun. If it has been around for so long, then it has been open for a long time. Why not rework what it's going to be like, so we thought it would be fun. The rappers we are close to have participated in this song, including TWOPEE, SARAN and FIIXD, and then there is Ingfa Varaha, Miss Grand Thailand 2022. Take the old stuff and convert the version, however, it's already fun, and then gather everyone to become an interesting cast: like Ing Fah who came to this song, when I came to work with Ing Fah to play the music video, he said that he liked Thai Tei, liked Ta Lueng, he liked to dance to this song. If I have the opportunity to join a jam, I want to be a singer too. He loves to sing, so I asked him if he was interested. He's very interested, so how is the feedback? Everyone loves Saran, FIIXD, TWOPEE, and he's excited about it. A lot of people told me why they didn't leave. Take out the rap verses, and I'd like to try some rap with this song. He wants to duet his own version of the song, wants to have fun with us, never performed anywhere, but this concert is definitely fun. Dancer Dancer: (laughs) Very ancient. Dancer (shakes his head while laughing)Day: (laughs) Ancient? I'm excited to do this job because it's a thank you to the fans, we've been doing it for so long, we've watched the band around it turn 23, it's a little bit of a letdown, which we're still doing, releasing new music. With fans supporting, it's a good feeling to be reunited. The same atmosphere is back. Day: I'm as excited as I am because every concert is always exciting. There's even new music. Since we came back. It's also nice to see our fans in the first place, and it's great to assume that wearing the early shirts that sell them would be great. We will keep it as our documentary in the future, we want all our fans to experience our Thank You Party. It's a real thank you to the fans: I'm getting ready for the event, and today I sat down and talked about having an old album, and some of the kids said they wanted a CD as a souvenir, can you still buy it? I dug it out as a souvenir. I dug in because I was in the storage room (laughs) there will be a souvenir here: Well, it's an inspire to create work for the fans, for the band, for the team. I didn't stop thinking, even though I was away for a while, I didn't stop thinking about how to move Thai Tei forward, there will be a World Tour Documentary project, there will be talk about Thai Tei work every day. Putting money on time: I'm thinking, I'm having a project that doesn't stop working. If you're talking about Thai Tei, we keep thinking, keep doing, slowly doing music, we think all the time. We did it and had fun. If it wasn't fun, we wouldn't have continued. The challenge is there, we've grown up, how do we tell, what kind of music do we make? What's the excitement and challenge there, what's next for the band after the concert? It takes a long time to make, and new music will come gradually, in the middle of the year, must there be and then invite friends to join our jam again? The excitement is there to bring something new together to the fans who follow the show?Day: Follow us at our concerts. I want everyone to enjoy it. As for our new song, Ta Leung Baby, follow us on IG Facebook TikTok. Invite all the dancers (smile) I want everyone to join in the fun. The brothers and sisters in the industry come a lot. Definitely fun: I want you to have fun together. Thank you for 23 years of everyone following, sharing content, watching concerts, posting on social media, love everyone, see you at the venue: Chatrium Grand Bangkok Hotel.
Open Recent Life Koi Arachaporn on the day of the problem with Nikki until she was shaken by love. |After a wave of trending drama. In the case of the couple Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachaporn, who seemed to have a love problem with each other, until the news that the woman had escaped. As a result, hashtags #นิกกี้ก้อย trending on Twitter in no time this morning (March 17, 2023). The actress, who was linked by netizens for being intimate with young Nikki. Do you think too many colleagues will be the cause? She then clarified that Nun and Nikki are just good brothers and sisters. As for the issue, Nikki and Tails have a problem because they are not returning home on time. Latest Girl Koi Arachaporn has made a move on his personal Instagram. DURING HER TROUBLED LIFE WITH YOUNG NIKKI, SHE POSTED CLIPS AND PICTURES WHILE PLAYING IN THE WATER BY THE SEA, LETTING GO OF HER RELAXED, STRESSED EXPRESSION AND LOOKING HAPPY. And fans came to admire her cuteness and cheer for Tails through the story of her life problems.
Joy Rinlanee Posted a photo on Tuesday, revealing his heart to his recently departed father.|It is a sad story in the life of actress Joy Rinlanee Sriphen and her family. After the loss of Father Prasertsak Sriphen, who passed away without returning, the funeral was held at Wat Chonprathan Rangsarit, Royal Monastery, Nonthaburi province, and the funeral service was held on March 15, 2023. I'm sorry that I was so late, but when you all came, it was very heartwarming to see you all. Thank you to all my relatives and friends for your support. Thank you so much everyone."  In addition, Joy Rinlanee's IG Story posted several photos of her father's funeral and funeral ceremony, with many industry insiders and fans expressing their condolences to the actress. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to express our sincere condolences.
Thak Bharanu won many lotteries without realizing it, causing fans to rejoice.|It is another entertainer who often likes to try his luck buying lotteries. Bharanyu, who will post the lucky numbers from the lucky draw to social media for fans to buy accordingly, and finally, this installment, March 16, 2023, Thak Bharanu has another round of hegan. After the announcement of the government lottery results. Young Thak Bharanu posted a lot of pictures of the lottery in his hand along with an emotional caption. "Is there any right? LIFE IS CALLED THIS WORK, MAKING THE PERSON WIN MANY LOTTERY TICKETS WITHOUT REALIZING IT UNTIL THERE ARE NETIZENS WHO COME TO COMMENT CONGRATULATING AND TELLING THAK BHARANU THAT THE LOTTERY IS WON THE LAST NUMBER 73 WITH COMMENTS SUCH AS MALAWAO 73, LUKPE 73, HAPPY, RIGHT, 5 CARDS, 73 THE SAME, TAKE the story, BROTHER THAK is right.
Urgent admission to the hospital After the accident The event must be canceled immediately.|The fans even cheered for the young singer 2P a lot. After recently (March 17, 2023), he posted a picture of him in the hospital with the sudden cancellation of his schedule, stating, "According to !!!the regulations ... I apologize to the Pattaya music festival Koh Larn and all my fans. People who will see you tomorrow are also affected by an accident that affects the lower back, the nerve overlapping the nerve in the L3-L4 bone, making it impossible to walk and put on weight fully. Thank you to the organizers and the team. I hope to see you again. 2023 Plan Stop carrying anything that is not necessary that is too heavy anymore be back on the track soon.
Teacher Phaiboon-Rabbit He car registration number gives luck, won the lottery to receive 6 digits of property|Even now, couples such as the owner of a young record label, Teacher Phaiboon Saengduan, and country singer Bunny Pannipa will encounter hot drama every day. No matter what you do, it's always a hot topic, but it's a good fortune. After the registration of the car, the couple gives luck, receives hundreds of thousands of assets by winning the government lottery. On March 16, 2023, it appears that the 1st prize is 025873 and the last 2 numbers are 73, which the number 73 corresponds to the license plate number of Krupaiboon-Rabbit. This work took 2 husbands and wives, according to the bunny's personal Facebook page. I posted a picture of myself with my BMX. Registration no. 9 กฬ 7733 and motorcycle Registration number 1 กฒ 773 with a short message saying "6-digit #เน้นๆทั้งบนทั้งล่างรับทรัพย์, luck, where is the evening celebrating?" Krupaiboon also posted a picture with the BMX and wrote, "The number is shady. Tonight is a full-fledged meal. #ชาวคณะกินเต็มพร้อมไหม?" amid hundreds of congratulatory fan comments.
Black ants take the sky to Hong Kong Tell me the coordinates, get the power, turn the fortune, get the treasure.|Kachapa takes mu. This Saturday, it will take you as far away as Hong Kong. It is famous for its feng shui energy. Many people who want to succeed in business often come here to pray and tell you the secrets of praying and getting the right power. The kind that says it all without a vest in the show. Saturday, March 18, 5 p.m. On Thairath TV Channel 32, Black Ant Kachapa revealed, "Many people want to follow in the footsteps of black ants and want to know what black ants are. This time, it's arranged. Black ants will take you to pray with the Big Buddha of Polin Temple. The world's largest Buddha statue Here, many people may think that it is just a tourist attraction, take a cable car, go sightseeing and pay homage to the gods. But really, the area at the top of Mount Polin is considered to be a spot called the dragon's head, which is considered another good source of energy. Anyone who runs a business wants to succeed. Turn on the good energy. I want to solve the brewing year. Anyone planning to go to Hong Kong should not miss it. Black ants will take you to a full-fledged mugan. Tell heng the right tips and ways to pray for heng from a guru who has already recommended many millionaires at the same time. Follow Kachapa to Mu this Saturday, March 18 at 5 p.m. On Thairath TV Channel 32 and can be watched back on Youtube channel Atime Doo Dee and Facebook Fanpage.
Ping Pong Thongchai said he had been bullied to speak to guests and improve his work.|Lee Thant's first singing ceremony A young hero who is attracted to the girls who come to work with Woody World House. In Chanel WE DO, a show that will bring guests Come to eat with Lee to live with Lee called "Gin Lee Yu Lee", this first EP introduces a new hack. The first guest, SPONSORED, took you to open the secret bang before entering the industry of Ping Pong Thongchai Saimu, don't miss it, say that it is very cool! Because we're in a way that tries to understand other human beings, we'll figure out why they have to do that. Most of them would love to find out that he did that because there must be something behind the scenes. When we find a point where we understand, we don't feel anything about him, we lose cells only when he says at that moment it's true, it's listening to comments that make us adjust something, maybe we're working on a show, we look at what he's saying, like interfering with people, we feel like maybe we're not very good at hosting. You can follow "Gin Lee Yuli" on Facebook: WE DO , Youtube: WE DO at 19.00 hrs.
The tour is not stopping. After speaking out about Nikki-Koi's troubles, love is shaken.|After a wave of trending drama. The case of actress Nun Suttipa, who was linked by netizens as being close to young Nikki. Nachat, who looks beyond his colleagues, will be the cause of this shaky love affair with his girlfriend. Koi Arachaporn or not, which girl Nun Suttipa has already come out to clarify. Nun and Nikki are just brothers and sisters who wish each other well. As for the issues. Nikki and Koi, who have a problem with each other, are because of the issue of not returning home on time as agreed upon, but this event seems to be different from what she has clarified. Many of the comments considered her unworthy to come out and say, for example, "I'm an adult but I still can't figure out what I shouldn't, SPONSORED, the current trend is attacking him hard, so I'm hot to come out and defend myself by selling secrets in exchange for acquittal, but eh, the problem is that because I didn't go home on time, who told me about it, if not Nikki? Do you have to let Tails speak for himself to stop doing it? People can think about it, not about themselves, but about acting with other fans. The director is numb, but eh. There are two problems, why do outsiders know the details? From the story of two people to the 345th person, don't talk about it. She used to speak in personally. Bird says brother bird makes others look at her badly, but for me watching her, she herself is not light, should be respectful. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Who was he before he was a celebrity, why did he say it, why did he talk about himself better, and why did he know ?? ....?"
"True4U" opens the curtain on "Movie Premier" New movies on free TV for the first time|True4U Channel 24 sends "Movie Premier" program to the free TV channel layout to further the concept. "Cinema Channel" selects newly released movies for movie buffs to watch for the first time. Served to the screen at the end of every Sunday. Throughout 2023, debuting on March 26, Nayongaj Praphakamol Chief Media Officer, True Corporation Public Company Limited and Director of True4U Television Station Channel 24 said, "Based on the success of True4U's marketing strategy, True4U continues to bring entertainment content "Cinema Channel" to the program, resulting in an increase in viewership, ranking 9th in Free Thai TV channels with a total of more than 510 million views across all platforms. "Immortal Man", a Korean film starring Gong Yoo, Park Bo-gomSPONSORED followed by a line of comedians. "Watermelon Bug" The comedy film includes Sai Ha, led by Kong Huai Rai, Siriamorn Onkun, Tak-Siriporn, Hai-Araporn, Sunari Ratchasima, and praised the final work of two famous comedy artists. Aunt Hunch Chuan Chuen and Robert Saimok, who left their works to watch before the secret goodbye, including the famous movie. Lio is a giant, a whale doctor, a killing bear, a ghost frenchman, a leaky superhero, or a superhero action movie starring Nicholas Cage. Donnie Yen-Xia Tingfeng and Liam Neeson's "Freezing Hell" and "Trampling through Freezing Hell" It's ready to be screened every Sunday, the last week of every month. True4U Channel 24 debuts Sunday, March 26 at 4:50 p.m.
Weir adds TikTok to teach Wirin Acting to see and love father and son (clip)|Give away the brightness that your aunts and uncles in social media can't fall in love with anymore. The beloved daughter of the famous hero Weir Suklawat and his wife Vicky Peemonya, who is now almost 3 months old, is the day when the cuteness shines to the extreme. YOU SEE, IT'S REALLY CUTE, SPONSORED, WHICH AFTER OPENING MY DAUGHTER'S PERSONAL IG, HAS TENS OF THOUSANDS OF ADORABLE FOLLOWERS. Recently, Weir-Vicki has launched Virin's TikTok. It soon gained over 3,000 fan followings. Like it is a clip in which Father Weir teaches his daughter to act, but Father Weir seems to be more of a follow-up to his daughter. Vicky's mother burst into laughter. As for the clip of Baby Virin wanting to talk to her mom, it's cute, it's not light, it has swept a lot of likes from fans, splashing this cuteness, how can I not love it? This event, the netizens have already been hit by The Younger Virin, melting heart with the cuteness of this little one.
"KSGANG Jukebox" breaks the gender-focused rules and is considered a favorite of LGBTQ+ women.|For 2PLENG–Jukebox–Pichayanan Sirawiriyanon, artist from "KSGANG", the owner of "Let Gourd, No Emotion, How R Ya" and the latest single "Copy Cat". When going to work or going anywhere, people will see me as a handsome girl. When we live on TikTok, there will be fans asking if you like women or men who are LGBTQ+ or if you don't want to focus on sexuality, don't discriminate whether it's female, male, male, or female, like women, everyone is the same, has equal rights. I don't want to look at gender, just every day you're a good person in society. It is enough not to cause trouble to others, or not to damage one's self-image. Finally, I'd like to share my latest single.".sponsored
"Jam Charatha" Happy New Love The younger generation is ready to leave the lavender field.|Full carabel every EP, no interruptions, no spread! For Jam–Charatha Imraporn, an actress in the drama "Long Shadow" on PPTV HD Channel 36, shakes off the sweet look as a girl with two boys Indy-Intouch and Phatra Chatborirak. Jam girl insists real life never goes to swing veen vy. "Man" with whom first, of course. As for the state of the heart, it is busy! The world is pink again. After planting a love tree with a younger boyfriend outside the industry, who didn't think before dating a "kid" but didn't want to close the opportunity for himself. In "Celebrity Sit Talk""This story jam plays the role of Chatwarang, will be the fiancée of Yang (Phatra Chatborirak), who Yang will be the No. 1 descendant of the Diamond Meka family. We have high self-confidence. We are the fiancée of the next heir of the family until Sun (Indy-Intouch) comes into this family to throttle and we are one of the paths for revenge as well. It's also hard because, like Jam, in real life, he's very calm, not a quirky person or likes to point fingers at anyone or slap anyone. In the story, we slapped this guy on the head when the workshop did a lot of homework. We've never been so angry before." All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel SPONSORED "(laughs) I'm trying to be one of the raffles of the show, we're really trying to get to ourselves, if we're going to explode emotionally, to get to the point where the character should be, do a lot of homework, sit and watch the villains in the Korean series, in the Western series, it's all over, it takes time to explore with your own brain because there will be conflicts in itself. When we're going to show someone or hit someone. We're going to have a feeling why we're going to scold him. Why do you have to fight with yourself so often? I have to try to cut out my real feelings, the models, and pull out my dark side. Go up and straddle it and peck your head to the end," he told Butter and Piglet. How did the two girls listen to this story? "Yes, everyone is amused, it's a novelty, and I ask if I'm afraid. There was a lot of trouble with this, but it passed. We did quite a lot of homework. Now we can talk people (laughs). It's like another angle of ourselves that we've never discovered before""Fight hard, be angry, never raise your voice, be quiet, okay. The talk is over. We don't talk anymore, but it's not a high-pitched voice, what's the way in the play, there's definitely no highs or insults like this, which it's definitely not us." Very ready. It's a bit heavy", playing by yourself, and being shy? "At first I wasn't very shy because I wasn't very close, so when I was close, when I played together, I was shy, and jam disease, if it's someone close to me, I'm going to be embarrassed because I already know, so I'm going to giggle before 5-4-3 before kissing. There's drama, it's not scripted. One of the charms of playing theatre is that we do things in a way that is not ours. It's fun, "SPONSORED" barely does anything. The more butter. Now he's clear about what he wants to do. Passion isn't in the entertainment industry anymore. Now it's a field to adventure. Explore the world I'm not too into working in the industry anymore, but Jam still does it with adventure, but it's not as much as butter (laughs)." "Yes, I go with butter (laughs)"After my siblings went diving all the time, "There is an activity like going to Scuba, it is very addictive, when I am on land, I feel very longing, I like the feeling of being on the boat, when I go to Scuba, I have to go to sea, I stay on the boat for 7 days, I like it is that there is no mobile signal, I like it very much, I don't have to play social media. Force yourself to play these things, the manager will keep reminding you. Don't forget to take a picture, but I really don't like these things. When I come to do this kind of activity. I'm at sea, there's no sign of everyone, bye, it's an excuse in life (laughs), I like to spend time with my surroundings, I don't like the mobile screen""Actually, butter has the same target, will go on eco-diving, collect garbage underwater, do anything, but jam now is still for fun." The swimsuit shop sent us a lot, and we had an excuse to go to the beach a lot (laughs). If there is a hundred million. Jam likes silence, doesn't like color, but nowadays has to force himself to work first so he can have money to dive (smile)"When 3 brothers posted their swimsuits, the fire flooded the IG and inspired many girls to dare to do something like this. Jam feels that nowadays people are too addicted to fertile, but not everyone is perfect. When we take bikini photos, it's not about being afraid. We're not skinny enough, we don't dare to take pictures, we should enjoy and keep good memories. We went to the beach. We took some great photos on the beach. We shouldn't be embarrassed about who we are. It was our moment. We enjoy it, we're satisfied. Jam feels like we shouldn't hold back our feelings, afraid that now the social world is good at commenting, feeling that we don't care about that." We met on a boat, we didn't know each other before, but it was a diving group, friends"Is anyone recommended as a media mom and dad? "No, it's like being in a group for days, like being close to each other." I don't want to just be friends with us anymore. I talked to him a lot, but we didn't block anything. A lot of things are similar, so let's talk about how long we can talk now, "Talk about 4-5 months before we start posting photos". "It's really more about jams than not being suspicious of other people coming in. We just understand what we want clearly. It was cleared in the first place, so people wouldn't have to waste time with each other." Jam is a man. If we're thinking about starting a conversation with someone, we're going to rather give each relationship time than be a person with a lot of requirements. She did this one, I quit it. "There's a big age gap between this guy, "He's younger. He's 28 now, he's 34, 5-6 years apart""There's a mindset that I've never dated someone younger than me, but I asked if he was working, so I didn't want to set her up a fort, she was younger than me. Hasn't it succeeded? Jam feels like he doesn't want to insult anyone. He's already worked and taken care of himself, so it's not weird. When we talked, he had a fairly high maturity and was more sane than Jam too (laughs). There is an older person than Jam, grown up or not. Didn't see how old it was. It's more of an idea, more reading, more focused on a lifestyle perspective." We've learned from a lot of experiences. There are expectations, like it's something that forces our perspective too much, so I feel like we want to do it today. Now give it your best so that we don't regret it later, be ourselves as much as possible, and we'll know if it's okay or not. This time it was quite open. Preference is not adjusted to see how we are. Without us reluctance, we have either reluctantly or overlooked a particular subject. It's a small slate that accumulates, waiting for the day to explode, making us feel like we shouldn't be overlooked. Is there anything you can talk about?" "It's really one of the things that a lot of women think, but Jam doesn't think for herself. If you talk about it well, it's been over two years because Jam feels like something can happen. Today we know each other, and the next 3-4 years we know, we grow up. More experience Each person encounters things that come into their lives. When people change, it depends on how much they change and whether we still hold hands or not, so I didn't expect or think much of it. Today's love is more conscious, leaving the lavender field first. In the past, people had a very strong belief in love. Sometimes we forget who we are or lose sight of our own happiness. Now it makes us think a lot more.".
Fans prepare to scream. Ingfa ready to compete Prairie Let the world know.|Fans are ready to scream loudly because there will be big news happening in Rayong. This event has been announced to the world. When a famous beauty queen is attracted to her bisexual boyfriend. Ingfa Varaha will be full of beauty in a fast-paced way, matching the rate of the top event mogul in Thailand, and this event is preparing to scream twice. When he tag teamed up with a pink heart like Prairie. Priwan fights like a kill, kill. I don't know if I'm going to take the sweetheart of the rounded guy who just got the news, and it's also complemented by famous artists such as Thachai and Young GUNGUN. The event will be held from March 18-19. SIGN WITH RAYONG HI CITY MUST BE BROKEN.SPONSORED
A disabled woman, life flips into the abyss. Husband dies - child is sick - himself has cancer in "pawn game"|But then one day everything takes a turn, meet the story of the pawnbroker "Pranom", 51 years old from Phitsanulok province. A disabled woman who finds true love with a young German who truly loves herself with her heart. She decides to get married, but her husband has to go to work abroad while he just found out he was pregnant. After 2 months, my husband was very happy and told me to look at the house, but I was heartbroken. When a foreign company called to inform them that their husband had been involved in a car accident, he died. My daughter suffered from a leaky heart. Soon I was diagnosed with terminal cancer this week, and I put my daughter on the list with a meatball vending machine. Let's try to see how much money to get back and whether it can be redeemed. In the list "Pawn Games" 6 p.m. THAIRATH TV CHANNEL 32.SPONSORED
"Mind-Lapaslal" with a new role In "Love Me Again Again...I Love You"|A mini but beautiful girl! The teenage heroine comes with the new series "Love Me Again...I Love You" opposite Mew-Supasit. The hot young hero of the children's front, Khet Thap, is set to make his debut on March 23 on Viu (View). Let's shake off the clear look, reveal the sexy angle for the boys to wow! Clothing : SWIMME Location : Am Tea Coffee Bar Sukhumvit 71 By photographer : Thanapol Nonthachan After spending a short time posting, I got a beautiful picture and was satisfied with this work. So I sat down to tell the characters in the series "Love Me Again Again...I love you" playing the roles of "B" and "Aunt Bee". The two characters are not different because they are the same person. It's just that Aunt Bee is B. He will also try to do everything in contrast to Aunt Bee. So that's just for Pop to like," Mind decided to play this story from the script. There's a novelty that says you've never been given a role like this, and it's challenging, it's challenging, it's challenging, you want to play something that's weird." "I really like both of them because they're the same person, but I feel like Aunt Bee is going to be a little hard to play because at an age it's not close to us, so we have to do our homework harder." "I like it a lot and I don't feel stressed because I've played a lot of roles in the past, about 2-3 films, and I think comedy is another way to go." Defeat anyone's masters. But it doesn't make the mind girl overwhelm..."It's fun, it doesn't have to be a serious love scene, but it's a funny love scene, so it's comfortable, it's not shy, because people are playing each other to get through, we're going to have a meeting with each other first, like a fierce love scene, we're going to have a conversation, a queue to make it flow so that we can pour one through, and then each person saves each other. If different people play on one side, it won't smooth out together", opposite a hot guy like Mew-Supasit, who has a lot of fans and is very jealous, does that make us feel any pressure? The mind girl said in a good mood... "Honestly, I don't think that every fan club, not just Mew, when an artist has a job, he's always ready to support. The fans will repost the photos and they will cheer us on. As for Mind's fans, everyone said they were cute, they wanted to see the work of the two of us, and from the chemistry it went well, so I wanted to see the work come out." Lucky in Love" with a guy outside the industry, curing love for 6-7 years, never having a "Z" story to be sad. "Well, I've been 6 years old, I'm in my 7th year, I don't have anything, I'm in a relationship, it's like a long-term friend, my boyfriend is an outsider." "A friend introduced me to Marina, who was playing a freshman with pure evil together, when we were single, didn't have a boyfriend, didn't have anyone, and he knew what our lifestyle was like. I had a brother he knew, and he thought the lifestyle would be a match, so I suggested it. Since then, "WHAT IS A MATCHING LIFESTYLE?" "He likes to listen to music, he likes to go to concerts, the first time I met him was to eat together and his house wasn't far from there. After that, we invited each other to a concert, and the first date was to go to a concert together (the name of the concert) at The Street Ratchada. When it clicked with the song, it tuned in very quickly, "First time we met, did he tell you to flirt with us? "No, nowadays I have never asked to be a girlfriend, let the situation take better because since Mind has a boyfriend, there has never been anyone who asked to be a girlfriend, who doesn't like the ceremony, anything that has to be like her, we are girlfriends, maybe because Mind is not that romantic person either, let it be according to what it should be, keep talking to each other, keep talking as friends, at first I don't know if he will even flirt, I think that I will talk as friends, go to concerts, go back and forth, spark each other, and then the situation takes itself." What needs to be tuned together? "Because he's an outsider and we're people in the industry, when we're adjusting for the first few years, the timing is not going to be a match. He runs a company. When we meet, it's not certain if we want to go to bed this weekend, we can't give him an answer. Because we didn't know if the drama used the queue or not, so there was a problem here at first, and then with the culture, he grew up in a Western style as well, and we were Thai since birth, so we had to fine-tune a lot. Start talking about the future together? My boyfriend is a person who rarely speaks, believing that if the time comes, he'll take care of it himself. Let it be natural. If there is to be a future, to build a family, it is better to follow the law, the nation..."But what has made us have been together for a long time because of trust. He's the one who makes Mind feel we can trust. Don't worry about anything. We've never had a single eh in the 6 years we've been together, and like us, we're living a simple life, and he'll know what we're like. Another thing is to keep the space from all the time, or we have to talk all day all the time. Sometimes people come to ask what they do, we say we don't know either, don't talk at all today. Never talk on the phone for more than 10 minutes, people don't like to talk on the phone too, I like to meet more, I will focus on seeing each other, he is the same. If you want to talk, let's meet. He's not addicted to the phone, so I'd love to see you more."
Boy-Leek I can't swear. Have you ever been secretly shaken by each other? Recounting a love past is hard to forget.|For Boy Phisnu Jutanimsakul and Leek Skuntala Thienpairoj, because whenever the couple is together, there are only fun moments that make fans smile until they catch up as a couple. Always be a real couple when you become a special guest on the Club Friday Show produced by CHANGE2561 on Saturday, March 18. scallion Sakuntala opens the story of his life and reveals love in every corner of his heart. scallion Recounting the historical events of a previous love that was interviewed on the show. He's the one we love so much, but he's been hit by a shot because the guy announced his retirement before on-air!! This makes Boy, Bhisnu, and Leek very close friends, but there are times when there are so little things that almost cut off the friends! When Boy Bhisnu challenges the leek Do you swear that you never have a heart?! #ยังไงซิ Will their relationship have a period of dread? And the love story with a foreign man that is so ingrained in the heart that it is hard to forget of Leek and Boy Bhisnu. The lampshade cracked in the middle of the show. Launched a young man of Spring onion. SPONSOREDThe The long history of Club Friday Show is spring onion. Have you ever come out on our show?: Used to come out very much love .., and then the episode will air Thursday. Monday The guy announced his retirement (laughs). At first, it wasn't announced quitting. Pei I said I'm going to push it out this Thursday, but I'm okay with the situation right now, so I told Pee Cane that I'm quitting now. I need to hurry up and it's okay Monday, the guy announced quitting. Can I call you again? Because I don't know how to cut (laughs) I'm a couple, I'm a very close friend?, leek: Like we see each other every day, I'm a person who doesn't get angry as well, poked at each other, played evenly, and has you ever really been angry with each other?Boy: I used to want to cut my friends, leek: Friends don't matter, do they? Why do you have a friend? Answer the line, others can answer. But why do we, who are looking for it, why can't answer the onion: Little hearted boy: But at that time I thought that I would cut my friend, really had a fraction of it?, leek: No, boy, he likes to think that the onion has, and he will like to make a firm face like this. When he laughs, he will smile and smile Fragrant Kid Boy: Swear!!! Fragrant: Don't take boy: I'm going to die for free!! Emotionally speaking to me sometimes onion: No, boy, I swear it, just in case it's a little bit (laughs), let's say it's really a fan, do you think I'll survive?boy-onion (answer at the same time): I don't think I survived the unforgettable love of leeks?leek: A friend arranged to meet a foreign man for a men's party, and he felt that he was with us and had fun until the day he broke up with us. Is you still in love today?Leek: Do you still love me? Now it's lonely, it's very lonely, and when somebody comes in, they ask themselves if life is good now. Will it go back to the same cycle again, but come in first (laughs) Boy: I think in the end, no, sponsored before, it looked like an onion launched that a young man came into his life? Boy: Who does it look rich with?
Gang of Friends Koi Arachaporn is ready to strike to anyone, read and flinch every word.|The drama is not over with the case of the relationship of the famous YouTuber Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachporn, which netizens have dug up various clips, especially content on Nikki's channel, and analyzed whether it may be about these or not. Suttipa, a famous YouTuber who was linked because she had previously been a guest on each other's channels and was talking so hard that Nun Suttipa came out clear that "there is only "brotherly love" that pushes each other to work. Always support each other, always ask for redemption for your brothers. THERE'S ONLY HOPE, AND OTHER FORMS OF LOVE ARE IMPOSSIBLE. There is a clear separation between personal and work. Regarding the issue of the brothers, I was informed that it was a matter of not returning home on time as agreed upon. This causes problems. Thank you for listening to me", before the story went big, Goboy, who is close to Nikki Nachat, posted a photo with Nikki Koi and announced, "Let's go big, stop and think about it by 10 o'clock tomorrow. Listen to the two of you on the channel: nickynachat #listen from the mouth#stop spinning #ซัพพอร์ตจิตใจทั้งคู่However, Koi Arachaporn's best friends include Wee Violet, Natty Nantanat and Perfume. "Justice served, You deserve it" (Justice served, You deserve it", Dream posted an IG Story saying "Friends don't want anyone to say the reason for quitting on their behalf. Narada, who posted the message, said, "Annoyed. BUT TAILS DOESN'T SAY THE NAME".SPONSORED
Nikki-Koi Arachporn's love journey |After the love affair or quitting became a drama, Nikki Nachat Chantaphan has come out to open up with koi arachaporn phokinbakorn Directly through the male YouTube channel, which shocked fans quite a bit because at first they thought that they were just curvy, but recently the couple said that they have broken up and are still in love, but yan that this story does not have a 3rd hand. Thairath Entertainment Online will be chasing the love path of Nikki Nachat- Koi Arachaporn from a hilarious couple who are by their side. Encouraging collaboration To the date of the termination of the relationship. REDUCE STATUS TO FRIENDSSPONSOREDSPONSORED
Nikki-Koi has a reason to break up for 3 years. Reduce status to just friends|Being caught up in a relationship, whether it's love or breakup. Nikki Kuang Koi has opened up and announced the end of their love relationship via YouTube channel Nickynachat. The main reason is because we tried to live together and it wasn't communicated honestly, but it could be more and more problematic and have a position of having our own mindset, thinking that we were gradually adjusting and found a point where we couldn't really adjust, so I felt that we were separated from ourselves, trying to live our own life better than Nikki: Actually, we broke up the way, but when we broke up, we still talked well. There was no quarrel, no raising their voices against each other. No emotions were used to break up. Nikki: I can say that and I don't know if it's something that I should be proud of or not proud of, but I can say in front of Tails that since I've been dating Tails for almost 3 years since March 25th, I've never cheated on my boyfriend even once, even outside of my body, never went to a massage, never lied, never lied, let me all the time, broke up, got a third hand? If you ask why they broke up, it's like a star, but it's incompatible. There's a point where we can't move on. Tails: I don't know, but today we talked clearly and separately, the future is not about being able to answer that we don't know what to expect, can we still work together? There was a time when we had to deal with ourselves, not anyway, and then we broke up. Come to work and feel that I am happy today. I think people don't manage themselves that way, I think it's supposed to be a really self-contained time, to spend time with ourselves, and then when there's the right time for the two of us to manage ourselves, then the day comes back to work. Nikki: If the first day is going to be a little puzzling because we used to have him at home every day, when one day we came back without him, it's weird, but I think he's probably more comfortable. I still love him today, I love him, I love him: I think I have a good time with myself. But with what happened, we are worried about him, which is one of the people that I love and do not want him to sit down and see something bad because he is trying his best in the past relationship and it is just over. Nikki: We're not worried about him because he's a very nice guy. Everyone would say to me, don't let Tails go. Believe me, Tails is my best mother. Nikki: Actually, I have accepted Tails' decision, I respect it. I asked if I loved it, but I asked if I was worried about anything, because he was a very good person. For the past three years, there has never been a bad thing in him. Nikki: That's 2 things that I feel like I've always had him in my family or that he's still in my life, that is, if he breaks up with me, he still loves our dog, which divides time. Nikki: I'm always happy to be with him and I don't know what the future holds, maybe we're apart and we're not going back anymore, or one day maybe we'll get back together, I want to tell you that I always love you, no matter what your status, we do our job, and I'll support him no matter what he does. So they broke up for good.
Spot the movements Nikki-Koi after posting a clip announcing their breakup|Nikki Nachat Chantaphan and Koi Arachaporn Pokinbakorn were saddened when Nikki-Koi recorded a clip on the YouTube channel Nickynachat announcing that they had broken up. Enough gradually. After netizens saw a clip announcing Nikki-Koi's breakup, they commented a lot about it and hashtagged it. #นิกกี้ก้อย until it became trending on Twitter again. THERE WERE BOTH SIDES WHO AGREED TO THE BREAKUP, AND MANY WHO WERE SADDENED BY THE COUPLE'S BREAKUP. He posted a cute clip of Nila, the dog that Nikki-Koi had raised together, on IG Story. Meanwhile, Tails' IG in the morning posted a picture of herself with her mother, including Naila, and after a clip announcing their breakup. Tails posted a promotional clip for the YouTube channel goynattydream featuring two best friends. Natty Nantanat and Dream Apichaya also reposted photos on V Violet's INSTAGRAM that posted encouragement and IG Goboy that told them to wait to hear from Nikki-Koi's mouth, as well as reposting pictures from their encouraging friends.
V Violet posted to Tails after quitting, Nikki captioned deeply, but didn't know anyone.|After the hilarious couple Nikki Nachat Chandphan and the girl. Koi Arachaporn Pokinbakorn has opened up and admitted directly via the male YouTube channel that the couple has broken up, causing fans to be shocked quite a bit, arguing that they are incompatible and insisting that there is no 3rd hand. Singer Wee Violet posted a heartfelt message of encouragement to her best friend, along with a photo of the couple and a heartfelt caption stating, "I admire your big beautiful heart. It's the size of an ocean. You are such a strong, smart and kind woman. I have mad RESPECT for you. You deserve the best and all the happiness in the world. Your girl is always here for you love. All of us are! No one messes with our girl! SPONSOREDGo and hear the truth from your mouth. The clip is out," translated into Thai, "I admire her great, beautiful heart. It's the size of an ocean. She was a strong, intelligent and kind woman. I have a lot of respect for her. She deserves all the best and happiness in the world. We're all here. We all love her. So don't mess with our girl friends".
Jang Mya Jazz Post a comment Measles refused to be after her husband was asked by a young customer to take a secret item.|After the comedian became famous. Jazz Chuan Chuen plays a concert in a restaurant, but a young customer approaches the front of the stage and says that he wants to grab Jazz's secret. Jazz also admonished this young customer whether she would be embarrassed if she saw this clip on TikTok and told this customer to calm down and act nice. Jazz said, "Well, it's up to you, because I've said it all," before the young customer reached out and rubbed the crotch of Jazz's pants. The restaurant guests were loud and shouting, and someone took the video to TikTok, causing a wave of criticism for its inappropriateness. Latest Jang Punnasa Jazz's wife also posted a message that read, "Measles refuses to be, learns to refuse to be, knows to say no...". HOWEVER, THE REASON FOR THE POST IS THAT IT WOULD BE BETTER FOR HIM TO CLARIFY.SPONSORED
Popular Pages Open the mystery Chet Nikki to whom? The netizens told me I quit!|After rumors swirled that the couple had broken up for the hilarious couple Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachaporn, netizens dug up a clip of Nikki's content with a boxing girl. And today (March 18, 2023), Nikki and Koi have announced the end of their relationship, arguing that they are incompatible and confirming that there is no 3rd hand. Riddle in the comments, who doesn't know who Nikki talked to. However, please use good judgment when consuming news. THERE IS AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE ABOUT PANTIES, AND AFTER THIS SHIRT WAS REVEALED, THERE WERE A LOT OF NETIZENS WHO COMMENTED ON IT.
Te-New Answer after the drama, the concert tickets are expensive. Recounting an incident that hurts you.|Join "Destiny Love by Bo German X Mae Chak Media Mom, Support Confidence, Build Your Own Destiny" at LG Floor, Event Ground, in front of Eve & Boy The Underground. Siam Square One The reporter asked the famous couple like 2 young actors Te Tawan Vihakarat and New Thitiphum. I forgive you. The couple's trip to Japan includes the "BELUCA FOURTIVERSE CONCERT", which will be held on Saturday, May 20, 2023 at the Royal Paragon Hall, Siam Paragon Shopping Mall. TE-NEW ALSO TALKED ABOUT HOW THE COUPLE GOT HURT BY THEIR RECENT VISIT TO JAPAN. "It's fun, I've been skiing," New said, "for the first time I've tried it, but I've played it before." "Once," I said, "I'm a guide." "No, it's different, I ski, he snowboarding." "There's no one else to go with." "Now it's like we can't work for days, some days are free, we're free to travel, like we've been away from friends for a long time, we rarely go. One day, we sat down on Instagram to see who we were inviting. Can't find friends to travel with This is the first one, so I invited "New "friends to eat easy"What do you get back?New "I got a wound on snowboarding, it must have fallen. The first time I played, I fell a lot." "Let's get back on the plane and let's eat and let's go massage"Who's going to massage the shop?" "Can you go to a massage shop?" "Not shopping at all"New "Very economical"Te "Because it's nothing"New "I'm shopping, but what kind of glove equipment is used for snowboarding", "I seriously want to go back?"Yes, but I don't know when I'll go again because it's snowing next year." "I'm going to look at future rangsit that he will have a belt." "Have rehearsed"When will there be a concert?New "Yes"How is the reunion back to 4 people?. "We've never gone anywhere, we don't use the word reunion, we're always together." "It's a perfect communication because each of the four people has their own unique characteristics. "I think it's the first concert we've had an idea of what kind of theme we want, what kind of concept it is." "We want something good." "He's got a lot of ideas." "It's like a trait, when you think about being a tooth person, you don't take it, someone thinks, a scrub. New "What kind of theme is this, it's something about 4 dimensions because we have 4 people, each of them has 4 styles, anything can be done in 4 styles, the stage is 4 ways, something like this"The ticket price is not light as well?New "The ticket price is the same 4 ways"How is the ticket price?New "Is it really there a little seat that is the ticket price? In front of the little triangle there"Te "We'll try to surf him to the best of our ability, make it worth it to him"What will be the benefit for him?" I don't know if he wants it", heard the feedback that he talked about our ticket prices?"Te "Czech Czech is when we check, it will make us get feedback and consider what we should do"New "Give it to what he suggests", "I think we should add more seats, otherwise we won't be able to sit enough"Some people say to look abroad cheaper?New "Maybe I need to go to Twitter first"Te "That's what I said. Once we get feedback, we have to solve it. Which one solves, we solve it. Which one can't be solved, we have to make the most of what he lost." "My friend hurts, I'm hurt." When I had to go in to pick up the house, I was afraid that I wouldn't dare to go in because I fell on the stairs of his house"Is Te to fall on the house New?New "At my house, my head is not dry at all because of the blood"Te" is angry with himself, why do we go to get things in his house, we have to exchange things, and he has a lot of things on our car, so we can help pick up things so we can finish quickly, so we walked to carry things to him, the lights are all off, and the stairs are poorly designed. The step design is not the same, and then we walk fast, fall, and then we just fell when the new year came, and it made it look like our tendons weren't strong enough, flipped and flipped very hard. We put things there and slowly walked through the garden. I didn't ask, so I walked out like this. I don't know because I went into the house and got out of the car, and I called and asked, "Where are you?" And I can say that I understand that people who are hurt can't speak, so I'll take it later, that's the size when I walk with him. When I finished, I walked out, I couldn't understand the people talking. Te didn't tell New, "It's really unspeakable, is that I have the strength to speak to the driver, is it kind of go home, so I go home, this really can't be said, it's another day," and then the friend fell, New was worried about his friend? "Did you go to check with the doctor?" When you're weak, it makes it easier to fall again. So be careful," "This is not going to go away", it may be a cancellation of the concert, joking. Now we have to keep our legs as best as possible because there are big concerts waiting. So now who invited me to do stunts, not to go at all, but to just go skiing back, to go back and argue "New", but it hurts a lot. Skiing is carrying the weight of the joint when it falls and then it flips. In fact, I've lived for almost 20 years and never fell." It's like I'm angry with myself, why would I go in?" At first I didn't know what it was, I thought it was covid poisoning or not. I tried to check but I couldn't find it, but when I went to the doctor, it was probably because of an air allergy. It irritates the neck area, making it look like a swollen snot. It's inflamed and the ears are tinnitus"Is it normal to have an allergy? "I've lost a little bit, but most of the time I'm allergic to my skin, it's very sensible, I don't breathe a lot, but this round is really heavy, dust?" Nowadays, just like we just went skiing back, the Japanese told him they liked everything in Thailand, but he said the only stick was the bad position. I didn't really guide him," New said, "Is New better now?" I'm still tinnitus right now. I can't hear anything, I can't hear it, I feel like when I sing, I feel like my throat is dry." "My ears are off because I can't eat raw pork"Do you have a filter at home? "I'm trying to turn on the air purifier, the air purifier, it's really helping, it's not that clean." "There's a brother Jack who thinks it's his year. He was scratched in the hand by a cat, but I still don't know what year he was born. What year was Te born?"
Open the number of products that Yaya accepts as a presenter. Thailand's top rated|It's called hot work. On March 16, 2023, Yaya joined OPPO Find N2 Flip, OPPO's first foldable smartphone from OPPO as a presenter. "This year, about 30 presenters feel like they're very lucky people. AS FOR THAILAND'S TOP RATES, YAYA SAID SHE DIDN'T KNOW EITHER."
nun suttipa Asked Nikki. Is the house broken because of rats?|Become a hot clip in the online world When a fan of actress-YouTuber Nun Suttipa Kongdee cut some clips from the YouTube show. "Gu is not trustworthy at all. Nikki !!! Noon sutthipha #นุ่นสุทธิภา #nickynachat" on YouTube channel NoonSutthipha on TikTok app by cutting a clip when Nun asked Nikki Nachat Chantaphan directly if the house was broken because of rats. His girlfriend ordered that the 3rd floor would be the one that asked that no one should come up. He said you can shoot on the 1st floor, the 2nd floor, but he asks for the 3rd floor," he interjected, "What is the 3rd floor? There are clothes on him and a bedroom. He asked that the two rooms not come up, and only that TikTok was going down, and accidentally it was the 3rd floor that I didn't tell him first. Nikki said so, he was soft, he scolded him, but he was angry at him because he thought that he was working, so it turned out to be a frenzy, but admitted that people took it to TikTok a lot and watched millions, but the channel looked small. Also, in the clip of the show, there was a moment when Nikki asked, "If you assume you're single that day, then you're real. Do you take gu?" nun said entitledly, Nikki laughed. Nunn said, "No. You have the right to talk, you're single, you can talk to anyone," Nikki asked if she was like a sister. Nikki then asks her fans if she and Nun are like sneaky people, before saying that it's not like Nun asking like a sneaky person? Nikki asks Goboy if me and I are like sneaking around with each other. I'll say it again, how are you going to sneak around first? Goboy said that people would not talk like this. Nikki also said that people have to have another feel. Nikki said, "Take it easy, go watch the channel - uh, and if you like it like anyone else, go watch the clip, say a little, be shy, and don't dare if you come to hit the onion - the onion after not having it".
Natty reveals line chat Tails asks for encouragement, makes friends tearful, tells me - very good (video)|At 10.00 a.m. on March 18, 2023, 3 girls Koi Arachaporn, Natty Nantanat and Dream Apichaya revealed the clip "Follow life for 1 month, Koi Dream fights [GoyNattyDream]" on the YouTube channel GoyNattyDream Channel. In February 2023, all 3 people had to color according to the mood tracker, which had a day when Koi Arachporn had to face a sad day and coloring on the mood summary sheet, and said, "Today is a day full of things, and it's like... Type to or send voice Ty felt like Tails was a person who did a lot for other people and was very strong, so Ty felt the day it said, "Um-encouraging-uh-oh," something like that. What do you need to say to help it?" to this point, Natty's voice trembled, before saying with tears in her eyes, "If you come to see it later... Because I'm sitting there thinking about words, like I can't figure out what to say. After that, there was a chat between Tails and Natty, in which Tails sent a message saying "Ty encourages - um - I think they are slow to 5555555555 leave a print or send a voice to me", to which Natty replied, "- I cry again - I am so strong that I don't want to say the word - I just want you to know that I love you very much, I love you very much, and tomorrow after work, I have to take this out of me.
Bird, a watermelon fan, posted a cool caption. Netizens are ready to support move-ons.|Still thinking about watermelon For Bird Technic, the boyfriend of the late actress Melon Nida, which Bird still posts photos and messages to Watermelon frequently. Keep the good memories and move forward, like, "There's nothing new. Life must go on. Find someone who can make you smile. "Like a crab, I have a new boyfriend, but I also carry pictures of my ex everywhere, thinking about each other all the time, together every moment. The fans were delighted. Only people are willing to go. I want to see our loved ones happy #พี่เบิร์ดก็เช่นกันนะคะ #มีความสุขมากๆ #คนบนฟ้าจะได้หมดห่วง", "If we are still suffering. I believe mo is suffering. Don't worry, keep him in good memory and move forward. Mo may even be glad and pleased to see someone that Mo loves happy (tour, don't go down, don't fight people)", "Brother Mo, he is not leaving, but leaving without being on this planet, will move on, sometimes it is not strange at all. Because there's no way we'll ever see each other again. Life has to go on, love that ends without wanting it to end, you can just keep it in mind and it's not wrong to start over with anyone. It's real life, not a drama, to love someone who's gone until they're alone. If you live with memories and are happy, then you stay, but if you have to be reluctant today because you want to live with memories, don't. Follow your heart, it's over, who's going to scold him? This is our life.", "Yes. Netizens are not lords. There is no right to judge someone else's life. We believe Mo is a memory that Bird is hard to forget and will never forget. It needs to be understood.", "Don't pay attention to the netizens. Our lives continue to move on, and it's a good memory. SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Netizens continue to dig non-stop, find a video of Violet talking about Nun Suttipa. Very strong. |After Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachaporn admitted that their status is now broken up and confirmed that they broke up despite being in love and there is no third-hand story. But nuns Suttipa has also been slammed by netizens. After being linked as Nikki-Koi's love interest broke and the netizens did not stop and unearthed an old clip from many years ago of Nun Suttipa and Wee Violet, Koi's best friend, on Twitter, and V said a strong phrase to Nun, "XnunraX, very much", along with the message, "Trust me#นุ่นสุทธิภา #นิกกี้ก้อย"And when searching on Nun Suttipa's Instagram, you will see the clip that he posted many years ago with the caption "As he said".
Nikki-Koi has a couple tattoos. Obviously, do I need to delete it?|After being caught up in a relationship, whether it's love or breakup. For the pair of Nikki Nachat Chanphan and Koi Arashporn Pokinpakorn, whom Nikki Kuang Koi has opened up about, has announced the end of their love affair via YouTube channel Nickynachat. Happy throughout, confirming that this breakup There was no third hand whatsoever, and at some point in the interview. The team asked if there was a tattoo with Tails' name on his arm. Did Nikki's driver delete it or did Tails want it removed because they both broke up now? Nikki reveals that she doesn't have to delete because she loves Tails just like I do. ALSO SEE THE IMPORTANCE OF FAMILY. Naila Nikki said that "even if Tails breaks up with me, he still loves Naila because Naila is not wrong" and divides the care with Tails into 4-3 days, Nikki takes care of 4 days and Koi takes care of her for 3 days.
The most evil woman Janice was taken to the hospital. The body is found to be critically deficient in minerals.|Make your fans worried. When the youngest villain, Janice Janista, Prom Padung Chep posted the news of his illness on Instagram by Janice. Identify the illness and the cause of this serious illness to everyone, "Thank you to everyone for wishing me a happy birthday. There's a story. Born I never took vitamins to nourish my body. I just knew it was so important, it was really time, I was just 28. The doctor said that the lack of minerals in the body was almost critical, and that any virus infection was unknown, there were numb limbs, chills. Vomiting, bad senses, slow feelings, tiredness, coughing, we are fresh, it takes feelings, what to do, now the work is broken, the body is broken. The doctor said that it is caused by little rest, too much water, !!! really consumes a lot of water, dilutes minerals, always thinks that eating a lot of water is good, uh, must rethink, take vitamin water, eat berocca instead, if you are going to eat that much, then the blood test 2 times a day, see the minerals in the blood that are normal, continue to be good. This story teaches that sleep is important, that too much is not good. SPONSORED THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR CONCERNS. Returning to the same foil, I beg your pardon to Division @change2561 and @boonnumproduction for causing me trouble. I'll hurry up and get back to the work I love and won't disappoint." Janice recovered and returned to her health soon.
New Davika Let's defend ourselves, never think badly and lie.|Is another actress who has been through a lot of drama for New Davika Hoorn. He just found drama. New Davika posted a photo and message on her Instagram asking for self-defense, insisting that she never thought badly and never lied, "New believes in what new does and gives time to prove it... Life must go on, choose to work where new, love and live with new people, love and love. Finally, let's leave the bad love drama that will be on air this Monday, everyone is the new thing that is intended for the fans"This event is sweetheart, young Dee I Twitch has popped up a comment encouraging his girlfriend, "Always beside you ka" (always by your side). The new girl also commented on "Love Uncle" with a crying emoji and a red heart. Margie Rasri also commented on the new Davika.
Kong Huai Rai 9 years in acting career Don't worry. Damn it, don't think about suing.|He is a singer and actor who has a huge fan following for Kong Huai Rai no matter where he goes to play concerts. Fans often follow them to the edge of the stage and take strange things. Always echo on stage. It's a hilarious story on social media. Kong has been writing about his life in the entertainment industry for 9 years, and Kong said that this profession is a profession that he did not choose in the first place, but instead earns a lot of money and makes a lot of money for his family. After the show, I returned to my normal life. He didn't like it, and he said he didn't want to sue anyone. "Entering the 9th year of my career that I didn't choose, but I did well and earned a lot of money, I like to drink but I don't want to invite anyone to drink like us. The profession I'm talking about here is acting, acting, music. Show movies Staging But after the show, I went back to my normal life as a normal person, and I was able to sort out which one was acting, which one was real life, and which one I liked. Or if you really can't help it, swear it out because our profession can't choose to listen to compliments alone. Do not worry We don't sue anyone. "FANS WHO FOLLOW HAVE COMMENTED ON KONG HANGRAI'S POSITIVE ATTITUDE, SAYING THAT THEY DON'T LOVE BEING AN ARTIST, BUT THEY LOVE KONG.
A little bit of a face. After being linked to a celebrity couple in the 90s, he signed a divorce paper.|After the 90s superstar couple broke up, they didn't stop being good parents of their children. I also found pictures of duets and sweet songs. Any netizen who guesses that it is a pair of Little-Ken considers this round to be a failed test because the answer to the relationship is as clear as Little-Ken. Don't come out and say much to hurt your throat.
Jang replied after Jazz was hit by a girl. Tell my husband who loves me, and that's where I caught it alone.|After the comedian became famous. Jazz Chuan Chuen plays a concert in a restaurant, but a young customer approaches the front of the stage and says that he wants to grab Jazz's secret. Jazz also admonished this young customer whether she would be embarrassed if she saw this clip on TikTok and told this customer to calm down and act nice. Jazz said, "Well, it's up to you, because I've said it all," before the young customer reached out and rubbed the crotch of Jazz's pants. The restaurant guests were loud and shouting, and someone took the video to TikTok, causing a wave of criticism for its inappropriateness. Latest Jang Punnasa Jazz's wife also posted a message that read, "Measles refuses to be, learns to refuse to be, knows to say no...". JAENG PUNNASA, WIFE OF JAZZ CHUANCHUEN, POSTED A LENGTHY MESSAGE ON HER INSTAGRAM WITH THE MESSAGE: "GOOD SUNDAY MORNING. Thank you for your concern. All journalists. Two days ago I wasn't ready to say anything because it was still hot. It's getting colder now, please allow me to answer.1. We've worked at night, we've come across a variety of patterns, but I don't think we'll find them. I'm not just angry with my brother, I'm angry with my brother Jazz and the kids on the team because when something happens, we have to help each other as ears and eyes. In the case of the younger one, he called from the day the video clip began to spread. She called to apologize and asked for details such as what she was doing. She told me to sell things, and I was very drunk that day. I don't know, so don't drink alcohol again if it makes us unconscious. Until I got in trouble, others asked me why I didn't take the story of my brother. This time, forgive me because you are a woman, I want you to have a way to eat, and you are very embarrassed. I believe so.2. Why don't you say no? I just talked to him last night and he said he was very angry. He talks through the mic a lot, he doesn't stop, he stands is ironic, but he doesn't think he dares to do it! He's an entertainment band, he wants everyone to have fun, he finds him rude, he doesn't talk, he finds him arrogant. He didn't know what to do, and then there was a brief preaching going on. Because Jang's teachings were quite harsh, he apologized, and some of the staff who came to the house told him to take better responsibility for this. Since the incident, let it be a lesson, anyone, anyone who loves, who gives a heart, who gives it to me, who gives it to me, who I can think about, that I caught it alone."
Cha Eun-woo Tag Team Bogie Lion leads The New Gen Icon Team Invite the new generation to be themselves.|The event featured an Asian superstar-kimchi artist with a melting smile. Cha Eun Woo will not be attending the press conference, but has left a personal clip to all S fans, which can be called screaming loudly with a scream that he did not attend today, but secretly had a surprise, "I, Cha Eun Woo, will come to everyone and S Cola fans in Thailand on April 5th at Park Paragon. "Bogie Lion", along with "Yes Indeed", a siamese children's favorite, and "Chompoo Pad Omsin". Newgen volleyball players who have won the hearts of Thais all over the country have come to express their own passion. The concert concludes with a mini-concert that's as fun as taking the big stage, with "Bogie Lion", featuring the latest singles "You Know Only About" and "Yes Indeed", with the first song "Promoted", which makes her a full-fledged artist. Create a thrilling siam square sponsored
Matt Bheerney flew back to Norway to take a warm photo of his father.|It's really called a rest period. After all the work. For Matt Bheerney, because of the previous He and his friends flew to Japan to experience the cold weather, and there are beautiful pictures for fans to see continuously. After not seeing each other for a long time due to the COVID-19 pandemic, he posted a clip with his father via IG Story, a clip in which Matt sits on his father's shoulder and smiles sweetly at both fathers and children.
Ning-JJ Prove love for different species, taste the first kiss in the light of the 2|Eccentricity cannot obscure the light of the heart. Love of different species will return to impress again through characters such as Monsters and Monsters Sangkrasue 2, a romantic-thriller film by "Neramit Film Film" and "Transformation Film", co-produced and distributed by "Shining Advent", directed by Dee Papangkorn Punchanrak, who has 2 skilled Phra-Nang Ning Chanya. McClure and JJ Krishnaphum Piboonsongkram Responsible for conveying the love of 2 imperfect people, but instead completely filling each other's hearts.sponsored director Dee Papangkorn caught 2 lead actors Ning Chanya and JJ. Krishnapoom attended a workshop to dissolve the behavior before turning on the camera to create intimacy, which helped when entering the scene to express the love emotions of the 2 characters, Clark and Girl, to make it look more realistic. No more sitting down to read a script. When it's time to perform, we focus solely on emotions. Working with JJ, we've known each other for a long time. When we came to work together, we became close quickly. It's no problem. We have a good partner that makes us enjoy working. Ask if the scene has to show love to each other. How do you prepare? For Ning, how we prepare is not as important as how we feel. We're just characters. "Girl," JJ Krishnapoom said, "Luckily, my brother and I have known each other for almost 10 years, although they are not close, but there is some background that makes it easy to connect. "Girl" and "Clark" met when we were young, and then apart, we met again when we were growing up, which is like me and Pee Ning, and when Brother Dee let us do workshops together before turning on the camera, it made us closer. When it's time to get on set together. It's not hard for me to express my feelings for a girl because we're playing the role of Clarke", joining the love of "monsters" and "monsters" on Thursday, March 30, in theaters.
A couple signed a divorce papers as a popular singer. My wife caught sneaking up on my wife.|After a page came out hinting at the news from the band in a super way that a celebrity couple had signed their divorce papers. And some pages have hinted that the star is a '90s couple to narrow it down further, many people have guessed a lot about who the star is, but recently Tao TV Pool has thrown more hints about the newly divorced celebrity couple so everyone can narrow down the guess by "sign the divorce papers!!?? The singer was caught sneaking up on his wife, a child. This work broke the house and ended with a divorce", with the caption "Habits never really change"Who will this work be, will it be as Tao TV Pool hints at or not.
Jenny, if refreshed, handed out lunch boxes to the homeless at Sanam Luang. Well done, but I've been teased.|It's another great story that singer Jenny has run out if refreshed or Rush Nok. Suwanket has done something good for society. He wields his husband, Jew Coronation, to the area to distribute rice and water to the homeless at Sanam Luang. HE POSTED A PHOTO AND A MESSAGE SAYING, "TODAY IS THE FIRST TIME THAT I HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO GIVE RICE AND WATER TO THE HOMELESS AT SANAM LUANG, THE FIRST PROFIT FROM THE SALE OF DD DJ JENNY, LET'S SHARE HAPPINESS WITH EVERYONE, VERY HAPPY", AFTER JENNY POSTED A GOOD STORY THAT SHE HAD DONE ON FACEBOOK, THERE WERE NETIZENS WHO COMMENTED PRAISING THE SINGER FOR HER KINDNESS.
Age is just a number, Ann Syriam 51 is still brilliant, showing off her taut skin (clip).|Rubbing your eyes. For her, she's the biggest performer. Ann Syriam Even though she is now 51 years old, her beauty is said to be unmatched by her younger heroine. Ann Syriam will see that the senior actress has always taken great care of herself. Get in shape from head to toe, and the latest clips from the boys are there. The girls were jealous of Ann's perfect figure and firm complexion in a row, with a clip of her wearing a flesh-colored bikini standing with flowers on her Instagram account. IT HAS CAUSED NETIZENS TO COMMENT ON THE BEAUTY AND NOT CARE ABOUT AGE AND LIKE THIS IMMORTAL BEAUTY OF ANNE SIRIUM IN A ROW.
"Mario" can get lucky. "Chanji" is a fan, ready to go through the trouble together.|Make your fans appreciate the pictures together. After the young hero "Mario Maurer" wields his girlfriend. Janji-Janjira goes to the sun to watch a beach race against Mario. "Doctor Luang" Channel 3 attacks the sun in close proximity. Meet your parents and siblings in Victory Monument and Siam Paragon shopping center. "Yes, it's my luck because I'm going to a hard, hot, and tired place, but he's gone, "Are you worried about him having to go with us?" Because we're on the beach, "Do we invite him or do we want to go?" He didn't want to go, but I asked, "How are you doing?" This kind of work is no longer available. "How did you get there?" he asked. It was very hot, but he stood up and said, "Is he shy?" I shouldn't have go"When I have him with me, how do you feel comfortable?", is that he likes it, and I go with my friends. FRIENDS KNOW EACH OTHER"SPONSORED, WHY DO YOU WANT TO INVITE HIM?", IT'S TROUBLESOME, BUT IT'S BEAUTIFUL. "We want him to see the way we see it?", so take care of me. I'm going to knock it down because I'm competing with "Do you want him to prove love?" Proving the car Will the car break down? There are only friends who like vintage cars"What do you like more between the car and him?", this one is not comparable. The car is not alive, he is a living person, but he cannot lack a car, otherwise how can I pick it up? It's so sweet," he said, "after going to this activity more often?" I'm trying to get some free time. If you're free, you can go somewhat,"No indulgent, take it without difficulty?", not excited, I say, "Do you have any invitations to go on a trip?". Most of them invited me to go to the supermarket to buy something to eat," he said. I don't dance"I used to try dancing with him", but before I knew it, it was hard for people to play tick-to-k. It's not easy to shoot, it's not our way." Revenue to 80 million now?"Yes, now Khunphan has soared to 80 million, very happy, feel proud that Thai people go to help support Thai films, especially rare movies like Khunphan. The audience liked it a lot. The audience kept saying it was fun, "Will part 4 come?" No, but 5 not exactly (smiling)"This brings the Thai film industry back to life?", feels that the signature Khunphan action movie is already Khunphan's signature. I think Khunphan is already a legend. Let's make a movie, they've been doing well since the beginning, so it makes the 3rd part famous, the intention of the team and all parties with "Is it damp too?". Because it's our only encouragement. How tired we are is that people will like the work we do? For oh more than expected, I'm glad that the fans flocked to see it, how do you feel?", I'm so happy. I'm tired because we're filming so hard, so hard about shooting action movies like this. If anyone shoots it, it's harder to get one scene at a time. One shot at a time, and when people watched it, they were tired. "SPONSORED, if it reaches 150 million, can the crew tell you what to do with the actors?", "Right now, no, sir"Hope to surpass 100 million?", I don't see if it will be a hundred. Just people like it. I want to be able to do it, but I don't expect it to be regretted."How's the feedback?", he said he liked the character of the Mahesuan tiger unlike any other story, liked the disguise, disguise, and power of the Mahesuan tiger. Now people are starting to rent a queen to hang around their necks.".
"Design-Peter-Kan" real training, real pain! Hungry people A thirsty game."|Netflix accelerates the intensity of "HUNGER movies" Hungry people The story tells the story of "food" and the search for the meaning of "hunger" through the three main characters, Aoi (Design-Chutimon), Chef Paul (Peter-Noppachai) and Ton (Kanna Sawatdiwat Na Ayutthaya). The production team decided to use the real actors primarily in the cooking scene. Because we don't want to deceive the audience because of the individual cooking, the actors really use their own skills, which will result in better filming and acting of the actors than usual," said SPONSORED Design-Chutimon, "When preparing to play the role of Aoi, in the workshop had to learn everything new, from using knives, butchering fish, to using a wok pan that at first couldn't lift the pan because it was so heavy. Although we have learned to cut it before, the real thing with the meat temperature makes it not melt enough. When I cut it, I had to press the knife, and when I filmed it was designed not to cry. Because our characters are so strong, but in the end, tears come to their own eyes, proving the realism of the cooking that actually plays. Do it for real. IN THE MOVIE HUNER, HUNGRY PEOPLE. Thirsty games with Remind Me and watch them worldwide on April 8th on Netflix!
"Hai-Sen Paper Plains" Jai Fu "Bad Shape" surpasses 100 million views|The song "Bad Shape" has also broken 100 million views on YouTube, and after just 4 months of release, this work has taken 2 young Hai (vocals) and Zen (bass) smiling cheek-to-cheek and thanking the fans. Fans can follow Paper Planes' work on all music streaming channels and Youtube channel: Genierock.SPONSORED
"Nikki-Koi" released a press release! Tired of tuning (clip)|Being watched for what happened to the couple's relationship. Nikki-Nachat Chandphan and Koi-Arachaporn Pokinbakorn After rumors of a breakup, it became a hot topic on social media to investigate the cause and the truth. Nikki Kuang Koi recently opened up about the end of her love affair for 3 years via YouTube channel Nicky nachat, starting from Tails, "The two of us broke up and it was a good breakup, which is mainly because we tried to live together, it didn't communicate honestly, but it caused more problems. "I can say in front of Tails that since the day I dated Tails for almost 3 years since March 25, I have never cheated once, never even went to a massage, never went to a pub, never lied. If you ask why they broke up because they were like celebrities, they weren't compatible. "Is there a chance of returning?" "I can work with him, but I think people are separate. There's a time when we have to manage ourselves first, and then there's the right time for the two of us to manage ourselves. "How about two weeks of breaking up?" When one day we came back without him, it was weird, but I think he would be more comfortable. "I still love him today, I love him," Koi said, "This is a time when I work very hard and when I am with myself, it feels peaceful, but with what happened, we will be worried about him, he is a person that I love and do not want him to find anything bad, because he has tried his best in the past relationship. "Nikki, we're not worried about him because he's a very nice person. Everyone would say to me, don't let Tails go. Believe me, Tails is my best mother. Everyone said to me like this: "Did you get caught?" Nikki "I actually accepted Tails' decision. Do you love me? I love it, but I don't care about it because he's a very good person, and for the past 3 years I've never had anything bad about him. Nikki "I've always been happy to be with him and I don't know what the future holds. I want to tell you that I always love you." "I want him to have a good life, and I believe he wants me to have a good life"SPONSOREDFor the entire sitting at the press conference, it was noticed that although the two tried to make the atmosphere comfortable, they noticed the deep sadness that the two of them had tears in their eyes at some point, but quickly drowned out laughter. And after the announcement, there were fans who commented that they didn't want the two to break up, and there was a place that yu said that they broke up because in the past, Nikki often had news with girls who were guests on YouTube channels and had quarreled before.
Chipmunk Arsiam Opening up a new dimension, set up concerts. Show your butt (video)|It's a bit of an eye-opener. When the country singer Chipmunk Arsiam opened up a new dimension of the dress to perform on stage with the dress that Nana Raibina requested for a nude-themed dress and showed a little bit. This makes the dress look like a tall bikini. Behind it, he showed off his bouncy butt cheeks, a picture that he intended to sculpt for everyone to see. Nana Raibina, who is the one who asked for the most amazing dress, even praised the singer for not only coming in a nude theme, but also with a nude theme. After netizens saw the dress of Chipmunk Arsiam, they came to comment on the song's overtones and figures.
Don't flip dart Kan Channikarn, a beautiful Chiang Mai girl, wins the Miss Thailand 2023 crown|The wait is over. When the Miss Thailand 2023 pageant announced the name Kan Channikant Supittayaporn, representative of The Northern District, Chiang Mai province, to be crowned the "54th Miss Thailand" of 2023, beautiful, powerful and intelligent (Sweet Strong Smart) under the concept of "The Ultimate Precious" or "The Ultimate Precious", a special night that everyone has been waiting for with the crowning of the new "Miss Thailand 2023" in the Final Competition held at Chaengwattana Hall, Central Chaengwattana Shopping Center. The atmosphere at the event was lively. With cheers from the beauty pageant fans who came to win and cheer throughout the pageant. By Arm Kornkant Suttikose and Muk Anpat Pitiprajakwatchara, 1st runner-up of Miss Thailand 2022, served as the host of sponsored program, opening the curtain on the Miss Thailand 2023 contest with the launch of 46 people with the performance of "Nora, Continuing the Beauty of Art, Heritage of the Land from Local to International" from Phatthalung Province, sponsored by Ms. Khempol (Khe-Ma-Phon) Uytayakul. The Secretary to the Minister of Tourism and Sports then announced the names of the contestants who won 6 special awards: 1) BEST OF THAI RAMA 6 COSTUME; 6th Reign Inspirational Series Award for The Value of Local Textile Culture The winners are MT39 Sukhothai's "Siam Girl of Sukhothai" : Pimpatra Pakbua 2) BEST OF THAI NIGHT DRESS. Best Thai Evening Dress Award Selected from the Thai evening gowns worn by the contestants at Thai Night, the winners are MT35 Sakon Nakhon : Marisa Polthiraj 3) BEST OF DEBUTANTE DRESS. Best Debuton Dance Costume Award Selected from the dance costumes worn by the contestants at the Debutante Gala Night, the winners are MT46 Ubon Ratchathani : Areeya Sansuriyawong 4) BEST OF LANDMARK PORTRAIT. Best Landmark Photo Award Selected from photographs paired with the contestant's provincial landmarks. It was selected by pageant photographers and press photographers. There were 6 winners: MT44 Angthong : Sirinpa Munpla, MT47 Amnatcharoen : Supornsa Wattananusit, MT 35 Sakon Nakhon : Marisa Polthiraj, MT46 Ubon Ratchathani : Areeya Sansuriyawong, MT 12 Nakhon Pathom : Sasi Suriyachantrathong and MT 09 Chiang Mai : Channikant Supittayaporn 5) BEST OF THE ULTIMATE PRECIOUS Video Award. Selected from videos that best present the story of the most precious. The winners are MT46 Ubon Ratchathani : Areeya 6) The media photographer's favorite award is MT 09 Chiang Mai: Chonnikarn Supittayaporn before the stage increases the level of excitement by announcing the final 20 finalists from the in-depth attitude interview round and preliminary competition round, as well as the accumulated points during the introverted over the past 1 month, where the contestants have collected activities to develop their potential, including activities to promote the image of many organizations. At the announcement ceremony of MT 09 Chiang Mai: Channikant Supittayaporn, representative of The Northern City of Nopburi, Srinagarping, was crowned the "54th Miss Thailand" of 2023, winning the hearts of the judges and the whole country. With chic, charm, full of wisdom and confidence. moreover She also reflected her love of innovation and Thainess throughout the competition, while MT 35 Sakon Nakhon: Marisa Phonthiraj took the 1st runner-up position, MT 23 Phatthalung: Arabela Sitanan Gregory took the 2nd runner-up position, MT 21 Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya: Kanokporn Payungwong. 3rd runner-up and MT 47 Amnatcharoen: Supornsa Wattananusit was crowned 4th runner-up. The 54th person of the year 2023 will participate in many charitable missions to represent Thai women of the modern era as the wisdom of the future as well as to be a voice for society. Promote and enhance education for all Thais to receive basic education. Supporting scholarships for underprivileged children in education and being a cultural and tourism ambassador for the Miss Thailand 2024 contest, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province will host the contest.
Ginny big daughter good night Wielding a sweet, simple but warm wedding boyfriend.|After Ginny Juthapak The beloved daughter of singer-actress Big Dreamdee Charayathanakorn was asked by her boyfriend to marry her in February. Ginny then wields her boyfriend for a simple wedding ceremony. On March 19, THE BRIDE AND GROOM WORE ELEGANT THAI DRESSES AND THE GROOM WORE SUITS BY MAKING MERIT AT WAT RATCHABOPHITHSATHIT MAHASIMARAM ALONG WITH THE FAMILIES OF BOTH PARTIES.
Netizens suggest prawn ploy should pose well after swimming clip with S.S.Te (clip)|Earlier, Prawn Ploy Kanittarin or Tik Big Brother announced that it would swim across the Chao Phraya River. In order to collect relief from the 65-year-old flood relief from the government for the angthong brothers, after which he was fit to practice swimming every day, he posted a clip for everyone to see his intentions. Kung Ploy also posted a clip of swimming practice with Mp. Te Mongkolkit Suksintaranon. Thai Party leader Sriwilai added the theme song to the clip as "From now on, every love song will be yours only", stating the caption "Let me think about it first, let me give you an answer"SPONSORED after netizens saw the said swimming training clip of Kung Ploy and Mp Te. Netizens have also commented on what they saw in the clip, saying, ""The social world can't trust anyone. You have to be well-placed, life, why should there be such a picture when campaigning? SPONSOREDThe posted a post shared by Ganitharin Pacharapakdeechoda (@mama.veeji)
He had 37 million won of plastic surgery, but how did he make money in a ruined country?|It's a huge fan base. When the famous YouTuber Flukkalon revealed the latest photo after flying to Korea for 9 days, he revealed that the surgery was done for the whole body. Over 37 million won, the most expensive in life, among many who agreed to wow at the beauty and the obvious change. It looks a lot sweeter, but it's a dramatic event. When someone came in and teased her, "What are you doing for a living?" In a very broken country. For example, the country is very broken. THE ECONOMY IS NOT GOOD, THERE IS 37 MILLION IN TOTAL, I PERSONALLY DON'T CARE ABOUT CURRENCY, I AM MORE INTERESTED IN HOW YOU MAKE MONEY IN A RUINED COUNTRY, OR TO SAY THAT THE COUNTRY IS BROKEN, JUST BENDING THE INTEGRITY OF THE SPONSORED SIDE, FLUFFY, AND IMMEDIATELY RESPONDED IMMEDIATELY. "The country is very broken, don't doubt the people who have the money to make faces. This has been working here for over 10 years. If you want to be beautiful, do it once, 37 million, it's okay, but tell me to be stupid, 37 million won, don't delete the tweet. Other people will come to see the stupidity, want to be stupid", and "How to make money, fluff do reviews. Do YouTube, make a cosmetic brand. Very good use, it's all over the first lot. Money from YouTube channels, views and sponsors, raising almost 10 subordinates, employees, there is a collection, but if you still have doubts, I doubt that I come to tiger x about other people not knowing about my own life. YOU CAN SHARE IT.".SPONSORED
Netizens criticize the dress Chipmunk Arsiam beyond beauty You don't have to show this size (clip).|With the dress to be worn on stage by the singer of the super country singer Chipmunk Arsiam, which stunned the audience with the dress that he wore by the latest clip that the organizer of the singer posted on Tik-to-k with a nude dress that can zip the legs and will become a very high concave short. After netizens saw the clip, they came to comment on it into 2 parties, both those who considered this dress to be beautiful, suitable for the singer very well because of its beautiful shape. Wearing anything is beautiful, and the dress is very well saved. With some netizens who criticize that the dress looks too pornographic, chipmunks are talented people, do not need to dress this size, and also compared to Baitoey Arsiam, who also dressed sexy at concerts, but was afraid of being hit hard. A junior indie country singer who is another sexy dresser takes the stage. It's cute. WHEN FACED WITH THIS SET OF CHIPMUNKS, ENTER.
Kong Huai Rai I found a post about people waiting to see the concert from 4pm (clip).|For Kong Huai Rai that no matter where you go to play concerts, there will always be a lot of fans waiting to watch. There are strange things to leave on stage on a regular basis, which has often gone viral on social media. The concert will be performed by Bele Pathumrat, Kong Huai Rai, and Zack Chumphae, which will start from 19.00 onwards. Stand in line in the sun and wait to be found. Kong Bele Zack is such a pathetic sight. He didn't have internet access or anything, but he already informed me that we were playing at 3pm and would hurry to dry in the sun to see each other. IF YOU DON'T GO, YOU'LL GO TO JAIL"SPONSORED AFTER KONG POSTED SUCH A MESSAGE, CAUSING DISSATISFACTION AMONG SOME SOCIAL MEDIA USERS, WHO VIEWED IT AS A RACIST POST AND SHOULD USE A BETTER WORD, BUT SOME ALREADY CONSIDERED IT TO BE THE STYLE OF KONG HUAI RAI. Then the post of Kong was deleted and he posted, "Thank you kamphaengphet fans. Sweet egg bananas can't be eaten by yourself, so I'll pass them on to the child development center until we meet again." Kong Huai Rai and Kong also posted a message adding "Love each other, disperse".
Fern Anjasa Wearing a bikini and walking along the beach, I found someone who was getting fatter.|Being bullied about her body shape often for actress Baifern Anchasa, she used to feel less confident in herself. I once posted a photo wearing a swimsuit, but I was bullied and had to delete it. This makes the story a knot in the mind. Fern wants to untangle the knot in his heart again. He visited Khao Lak and put on a bikini swimsuit and strolled along the beach. Instead, a woman came to the event to ask if she was getting fatter and asked to take a picture, and Bai Fern wrote about it on Twitter. "Yesterday I came back to him. I want to untangle myself by daring to wear a bikini again. After a while, one of the guards walked in. Are you a star? I'm getting fatter..." I'm not skinny, but I feel normal, maybe a little thinner than before. I'm just confused as to whether people can walk around with people who don't know this way and ask my husband if he doesn't come with me. I just got married, didn't I? MORE CONFUSED"SPONSORED AFTER THE POST WAS RETWEETED. Many people who agreed came to reply, encouraging the fern leaf and commenting on what happened, seeing that the figure of the fern leaf is also beautiful and encouraging the courage to wear a swimsuit. Without being embarrassed about what kind of body we will be because the word beautiful for each person is not the same. Don't think about it.
Enduring Team The mafia, the hairdresser, the star, more than the star. |It's a hot topic. When someone is in the advertising production industry. Identify the problem of celebrity hairdresser mafia by saying that reduce the importance of celebrity hairdresser mafia. Increase the importance of production value because the work is good, good idea, good at production, which this event has many people in the TVC (Television Commercial) industry or advertising films to comment. Whether it's the cost of adding art, the cost of the camera, the cost of some people more than celebrities, the cost of makeup 70,000, the cost of masseuse and the air tent, the price of overcharging to add good work, more expensive than the production fee, some people almost fly over the star again, some people are not all because some people are so cute, some comments offer to stop using celebrities because the hairdresser is the mafia because of the stars. But let's hit the price with TVC and say that many directors now don't accept jobs that use celebrities as presenters. It is suggested that in the past, commercial films used new models until they became famous, becoming celebrities. But nowadays, it's all about spending money on celebrities. The post was shared by a lot of people, with people expressing the idea that they don't have to lower the price but write down the name of the taxpayer, charge the tax retroactively.
"Paradox" paired with "Koi Natty Dream" The first song is "Wayward".|Plern has partnered with GMM Grammy-affiliated White Music, bringing together 10 of the best artists from various labels to join the Plern Original Album "HEY!". Musicians come to create fun songs for fans, a total of 5 hilarious songs. Enjoy all the songs with the opening of the first song "Wayward" (Paradox and Koi Natty Dream), cute content, fun music in the style of "Paradox" and get three girls. Koi Natty Dream said, "For the origin of this song "Wayward", starting from writing a fun song, the content of this song is suitable for women, similar to the mood of women making excuses, and then teasing themselves like a double song, there are verses that men sing alternately with women, the speciality of this song is to sing karaoke together http://bit.ly/3LGDDOP, hand over the mic and shout freely, hilariously, it has become a collective concept of this project as well."
Mount Sanae The father divorced lightning, took his wife, and the child was launched, making people uncomfortable with the whole event.|Previously, it made netizens ears bleary. Guess I barely slept. When the page caught the lampshade, the star came out to talk about a celebrity couple having already signed their divorce papers. He wrote: "It's probably page 1 news for all bureaus. This is the best insider, celebrity couple have signed divorce papers. Love story breaks up, everyone wants to know. And recently, Page caught the lampshade, and recently posted a message that the father of the entertainment industry took his wife to the event after divorcing his ex-wife. He wrote, "Divorce won't last long. He took his wife and baby to the launch. My heart hurts a lot. My mother called me and said, "I'm screaming, I'm going to go to a mini-concert with some of the star artists." I don't care enough about my dad. Everyone at the event was puzzled as to who this person was, at first I thought of the dancer, but when the other person came on stage to hug me, I thought I was a dancer. Everyone is like, "Ah, baby," #ดาราอึ้งแฟนคลับอึ้ง #ห้ามลอกการบ้านกันนะคะ #เดี๊ยนเองก็ลําบากใจ #จับโป๊ะดารา", and wrote more in the comment, "If you don't believe me, go see ig "baby wife", she uploaded the picture down, I want everyone to know, fans know #กูไม่อยากรู้ค่ะ" and "challenge first. My mother-in-law's wife was caught 100 times for cheating on her husband and had a baby wife, so I asked for a divorce immediately, it was unbearable," he added, adding, "On the day of the divorce, my wife, when she found out that she had grabbed a pen to sign the divorce papers, posted on the story that I was number 1".sponsored
"Pan" is preparing to perform at rs concert in 13 years|COOLive is ready to serve fun activities throughout the year 2023, debuting "COOLfahrenheit with Ampol Foods Presents RS HITS JOURNEY CONCERT 2023 #ต้นปีถึงทีฮิต". Sing and dance with "Raptor, Elevator-Oy, James, Voi, Taj, Tao, Dang, Pan, Wu, Ford, Lydia, Cotton (AMFINE), Aye (PINK), Fluk (Steam)" with a surprise hidden tracks on Saturday, May 27 at IMPACT Arena. "Pan hasn't been at RS concerts for a very long time, after almost 13 years, has returned to the RS HITS JOURNEY concert, excited, wants to sing many songs for fans, such as 'Simple Things (That Men Don't Know)', which is the national anthem of all women, or 'One-handed clap', a strong song that many people miss. For more information, visit APP COOLISM and Web COOLISM.net
Pin Kejmanee moved to post the latest message. Fellow celebrities are full of encouragement.|For Pin Kejmanee, a mother of 3, the beautiful wife of the 80s teen favorite singer J Jetrin Vattanasin, if anyone follows her personal Instagram, you will see that she regularly comes out to show off her tease to her fans. Mae Pin posted the photo on her personal Instagram. While dining with friends, he reveals his leisure lifestyle with a short caption: "The best encouragement comes from myself ....
Chanji commented. After netizens targeted a new girl who broke a 90s couple.|It is a hot topic that many people pay attention to. When rumors circulated that a 90s celebrity couple had broken their beds, they signed their divorce papers. This work has netizens to find out who the broken bed couple who was recently talked about in the world of TikTok, someone posted a clip pointing to a young woman. She claims to be the man's new girl. But this job is a young actress. Chanji Chanjira Chanpitakchai is the sweetheart of the young hero. Mario Maurer has also come to comment to the netizens saying that what many people suspect is not true, "No, he has a girlfriend".
Subtle Open data 3rd hand girl made a couple 90 beds broken. Netizens do not tolerate home invasions.|It has become an issue that society is paying attention to. For 90s couples, they quietly sign divorce papers, reduce their status from husband and wife, become parents of their children, and remain good friends. Recently, the host of the entertainment show opened up with a hint by the host Tent, the host revealed the reason for the couple's breakup, "It is because there is a 3rd hand, the woman accused is the 3rd hand, is about 4 years old and is also a famous person. He has a lot of acquaintances both inside and outside the industry, and has been through a lot of marriages. Before breaking up and having a stepdaughter, the couple also had a trip together with the men." Matt Another host, Mae Bum Panadda. He added, "Now that the socialites have invaded the 3rd house, the social media has opened a new house. Let's go and see if we're going to travel abroad. There was a reunion of two families and a hint on the show, writing on a piece of paper hinting at the other host that this couple was hanging out here, but anyway, I'd rather wait for him to speak for himself. IF HE CAN AGREE WITH EACH OTHER AND HIS RELATIONSHIP IS CLEAR WHAT IT IS, HAPPY FOR ALL PARTIES, IT'S ABOUT HIM.SPONSORED
Pin Kejmanee "If he really loves us, what makes him uncomfortable won't do it?"|Previously, actress Pin Kejmanee The beautiful wife of popular singer J Jetrin. I recently posted a story about my 3 children's names and the word self love, which means "self love", which has become a buzz. Pin Kejmanee also posted a comment from IG Dhammathan on IG Story, which wrote, "If he really loves us, what makes us uncomfortable, he won't do it, but if he does, it's because he only loves himself." It's best to wait to hear from her own mouth.
Open conversation Pin Kejmanee with son Khun Khun The mother-daughter moment can't let go. |I can tell you that the in-laws saw it and were very upset. When you see the 3 lords of the House of Varthanasin, such as the lord-lord-khun-chao samut. From a young age Now fully grown young and handsome, dad J. Jetrin Varthanasin has come full and got cuteness from his beautiful mother, Pin Kejmanee, and this family often finds activities to do together regularly. To strengthen family ties. She posted a message to her mother on her instagram account, saying, "Happy international women's day love you so much xx". After Mae Pin Kejmanee commented under the post, "I love you to da max thank you jk". SPONSOREDSPONSORED REPLIED, "ONLY GIRL THAT WILLNEVER BREAK MY HEART" (YOU ARE THE ONLY WOMAN WHO WILL NEVER MAKE ME REGRET) AND MAE PIN IMMEDIATELY REPLIED, "AND ONLY 3 OF U ... THAT ALWAYS HERE FOR ME" (THERE ARE ONLY 3 CHILDREN WHO HAVE ALWAYS BEEN BY MY MOTHER'S SIDE).
Lily, if you're fresh, you know, your friend doesn't like to look at your face, you look loud and forget about yourself.|Southern singer Lily Has All If Fresh or Neeranath Seng laem recently sat down to open up on the talk show and talked about the story of her struggles at school about being disliked by her schoolmates and considered loud and forgetful. 6th grade is over?yes, I almost stuck to 0 (laughs) This is true or joking?, to be honest, because I don't have much time, I only have time when I don't have a job and I ask for a job from a teacher and clear it all up, work with me as everyone knows? WE FEEL THAT IF WE CRY, IT'S BETTER TO SPEND TIME DOING OUR HOMEWORK THAN SPONSORED, WE HANDLE STUDYING AND WORK, AND HOW DO WE FEEL OURSELVES? Because Jane is the one who takes all the jobs, but if you study, you will have a friend to help you with that job, and if you don't understand or anything, you will ask your friend. But if you can't get a job, you'll have a dancer to help you with prints or exams as a link to school society. School society is that we don't go to school like friends. In some corners, we need to understand that sometimes nobody likes us all. We see school society as fun and bright because it's 13-18 years old, but some of my friends and sisters don't always like us. Because it's people close to us, we just think people close to us need to support each other. If you don't support it, you don't have to share deep in our bad stories. Is he secretly jealous? If I don't like anyone or are jealous of anyone, I'll stay quiet as of today because I've graduated. If it were us, would he understand, had a chance to clear it with him? No, because people don't like it a lot (laughs) in school society where Lily is upset because people don't like us a lot. I don't think so, like sharing the news, I'm going to go in and see this person in the same school as us. Ao and I were still smiling at each other that day. Let's raise our hands. If you don't like it, you don't have to smile better now that we feel like we're adults. Some corners are children, some corners are adults. Some corners are kids because we still want to embrace mom. Maybe go to my mother's lap and tell her to hold me. My mom is still holding me to finish school, what did Jenny and my mom give me as a gift? As for my mother giving me a small necklace, I really didn't expect to give him a hundred thousand dollars or another car because I felt that he was willing to give us because he always supported us was really, I got my grades each semester, I would brag, but I didn't want him to buy me a gift, just to say that I could only do this because I worked. If he buys a gift for it, it is both a profit and a bonus. As for gifts worth more than 50 thousand, it is considered a lot, do not expect what to get. It's just that the family didn't fight and then there was a meal like today, it's a birthday present with a lot of drama?This car is a lemon green Mini Cooper S. In fact, I didn't want this color. I didn't think Jane and my mother would choose this color for me. It's a dream car because I've wanted it since. 2nd - 3rd grade, it's open upwards, and it's compact, beautiful, fat, sponsored, how did the drama come about?, is that the rat popped his head up to the roof, and I didn't even know there was drama. Jane sent it, I was shocked, everyone scolded me. Didn't the car run to read all the comments? We don't know it's news yet. None of them are the best because they're trying to overlook it. Just don't take those thoughts when we're still happy, Lily is 14 and 18 nowadays, can you handle the feeling of being hit with strong comments better? If that's the case, we feel older than others, do you think that what makes us constantly hit is because people don't like it, and then a lot of media that comes out, if there's a trend or effect on them, does it happen again, because me and Jane will have a lot of people who don't like it. Do you feel like it's too heavy? I'm like this because I have a famous job. If I don't have these two, I won't have the money to be 14. I was 18 at the time and I was still shocked because I didn't think I was famous. Because Jane bought a house for her family because it was what the family wanted. It's like a dream, I don't think I'll be loud again. A lot of work. A lot of views. People like it a lot. I don't think Jane goes to concerts every day, I do that too. There are people screaming at what our friends have, but we don't have it, that teenage life is gone. I'm sorry, because I'm the one my mother cherishes too. If you're going to ride a motorbike, you're worried too. Someone asked me to take a picture, but if I had to pay for the money I bought a house and something else for my family, okay, is there a time when I'm distracted or lost? When I got the money, the fame? I've never lived in this society so I don't know what to do, I don't have legs, I sound like a cracked child. Have you ever thought you've forgotten when you're louder?, because Jane and mom are always on the lookout.
J Jetrin Trip to Japan Skiing with a gang of friends (clip)|Reputed to be another extreme sports enthusiast. For the father of famous rapper J Jetrin, who recently arranged a snow skiing trip to Japan. It was a trip where Jay went on a trip with a gang of friends, which included the family of Puri Hiranphruek, Ann. Alisha and Hisopar Bunnag and jetrin team members who participated in the trip, J Jetrin had fun skiing and posted a clip of her skiing and wrote a funny caption: "The last time I skied was 25 days old, and the first day here was almost down day1, back skiing for 3 days, Coach Owen, Coach Pear, you can't take me down powder like this. Coach Yuta, Coach Pears, who helped us get in shape and finally climbed gondola down from the top of the highest mountain." SPONSORED A post shared by Jetrin Wattanasin (@jjetrin)
Sam Yuranan leans on the leg of the bed with a caption to trap the netizens.|It is another couple who have been married for decades. For the couple of Sam Yuranan and Muk Marisa, and now both children are grown into young girls. After the news broke, the 90s celebrity couple broke their bed legs. There are also several pairs that have been linked to this news. At this event, Sam Yuranan posted a picture with his wife with a funny caption that read, "I'm still happy... Who would have thought of linking this as a couple? Don't think about it anymore, SPONSORED.
Janie reveals health tips on eating bird food No starch, weight loss 15 kg, waist 22.5|She is a mother-of-one who is super good for Janie Alpachan at Pom Phet. Janie, via Instagram, will know that she is another person who takes care of herself very well. Janie once said that she doesn't like to eat pork pan and doesn't eat flour at all. It doesn't eat everything, so many people appreciate it. Janie is the latest healthcare idol on the YouTube channel SEWA THAILAND. Janie has revealed that she sleeps very fast. Around 1:30 p.m., I was already in bed preparing to pray, and I wasn't eating out. For a long time, I'll eat out. If you go to bed, you will carry your own food, and you will limit everything in life, and life will be a routine, so to speak, life is very boring, but it is really like that, when you go to bed, go to bed at 2 pm, wake up at 4 pm, this is the case every day. I finished my workout, I walked around and did it. At noon, I was ready to pick up my baby. Play with the kids at 4 p.m. and eat dinner, and we'll eat no later than 5 p.m. If it's over 5 p.m., you don't eat. EVERYTHING HAS TO BE PLACED SPONSORED WHEN ASKED IF YOU STILL EAT FLOUR. Janie said, eating some but only two words. Don't be dramatic, each person's body is different. We are people who want to take care of themselves. When lifting weights, I really want nutrients to go into every part of my muscles. We eat carbohydrates, they contain sugar, and we always take care of ourselves. The next day, we had to work harder. In order to kill what we eat, the pork pan is known. But we choose to eat, if we invite to eat pork pan, we take the food ourselves. We all have to count. When you go to the outer cities, you'll pack your own food. This meal is just eating, you have to exercise, you have to sleep, and you can tell your friends that you don't have to worry about eating. We can take care of ourselves, even my husband says we eat too little, but our bodies know what to do. No one knows better than ourselves. Now the weight has been reduced to 15 kilograms to 44-45 kilograms around the waist. 22.5 As for the front, do it all. We don't have a lot of faces if we don't take good care of our faces, and we exercise people. Our face must be good, otherwise it will wither with the earth's gravity. THE FACT THAT WE'RE THINNER, AND WE DON'T TAKE GOOD CARE OF OURSELVES, OUR FACES ARE WITHERING.
Charlotte shows off her sweet waist skills, dances choppy to Ing Fah on stage (clip)  |Take a tick and break it. When a user tick-tock with the name fifern_fwk posted a clip of the jin pair. The first clip is a clip in which Ingfa Varaha is dancing, then Charlotte Austin comes in to dance with showing his sweet waist skills to the fans, and the other clip is a clip in which Charlot comes to dance chopped and grinding with Ingfa on the stage for fans to watch.
Bee Sukrit announces the sale of a luxury condo in the city center at a price of 13 million baht.|In recent times, we have often seen soup'tar singer Bee Sukrit go to live with nature, living mostly with Dharma, so he does not come to live in the city. Recently, Bee Sukrit posted a picture of every corner of the condo and wrote a message for sale on his personal Instagram, stating, "My condo. I can't do it now, so I'd like to pass it on at the cheapest price in Ivy Thonglor. Price 13 M Interested contact Khun Rada 092-554-2242 Area 86 sq.m. 20th floor, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, amenities Gym, Swimming Pool, Large Garden, Library, Children Play Room, Ivy Business Center, Concierge Podium, Meeting Room, Grand Lobby with Grand Piano, Laundry Room, Sauna, 4 Elevators, Service Lift 1 I, CCTV / Access Card system, please leave me"This event, the fans have commented a lot. Most of them teased, "I don't want to own a condo, I want to own my heart, buy it and have people with me?" SPONSOREDSPONSORED
Lily, if refreshed, was suspicious. Wear swimsuits to shows often because of love.|For the famous singer Lily has run out if refreshed or Neeranath Chen laem, who has cleared up the question clearly after having doubts because lately Lily is wearing a swimsuit to take photos and post on social media more often. Is that because you're in love? At this event, Lily will tell everyone that I think people need to have multiple bodies in the same person. People might see us in pajamas, sportswear, we shoot down. Enough swimsuits. Why can't I shoot down? When we finished shooting, we put on our sports shirts and pants to play in the water, like we took a lot of clothes, and then we changed and didn't wear them again. I've worn it and sold it, have you ever encountered a psychopath because celebrities have met a lot? If a model is sexy, it's probably a psychopath, but I'm not sexy at all. I really don't have to reach my mom and Jane because I know what to do. Save yourself. Wearing both the lining for the concert and the swimsuit, he said in an interview that if it was over. 6th graders will have girlfriends. Do you have a girlfriend now? Ask if someone is flirting. If people approach a lot. No pleats. If the spec is thought to be more than 3 years old, taller, prefers dark-skinned, thin and not fat, warm-hearted and understandable habits, and can accept ourselves. Because we're not like everyone else because I work a lot and don't have much time. Assuming we can understand and accept this, we should be able to talk. If you're going to be open, if you have time, then go to the movies together. It's not enough to follow the edge of the concert stage. BUT IF YOU WANT TO SEE IT, YOU CAN CHECK IT OUT.SPONSORED
Janie, tears in her eyes, admits to being sensitive about her children, fights all the way, doesn't let anyone bully her.|Open your heart to the young heroine forever. Janie Alpachan at Pom Phet or Janie Thien Pho Suwan Tell us about your past loves, both good and bad. Everyone is a happy life and reveals the memorable moments of their beloved daughter. NOLA AND THE INCIDENT OF BEING BULLIED ABOUT HER CHILDREN AT THIS EVENT EVEN SHED TEARS ON WOODY INTERVIEW. But today Jane says Jane is 100% herself, without any reluctance, and is really happy with life. I felt that in my face there was always the thought of being "Janie Tianphosuwan", like leaving the house. Janie: That's right, but it's really like Woody Jane believes that a lot of celebrities, it's like a social expectation, because with the word public person, Jane used to have a life span where it felt like when someone said something, we would be sloppy, and then we would be like, Hey! Are we wrong, and the other person says the other way, or are we going to go that way, or are we going this way, like there's no emotional stability? To this day, many things have shaped Jane. It gives Jane a more stable happiness. Janie: No, every time Mick would come and shake mom's hand, Nola would push Daddy's head, no, Daddy's head, no, Daddy, no! Here's Nola's Mamie. Janie: Don't think about getting close to your mom when you hug and kiss? Janie: Before, Jane wasn't this great, but when she had children, Jane was a very loving person. When I had a baby, I felt that I didn't want to die, I wanted to live longer, I wanted to be as healthy as possible. Does Woody believe that every time he wakes up? Jane looked at Nola. When he wakes up, he sees Jane's face, and he smiles at him every time. Say thank you, baby. Thank you for being born into this world, and choosing this mother. Say this to him every morning because Jane is the one who takes care of him almost 24 hours a day, and Jane will say that Mamie loves me very much and I make Ma Mi's life very happy if I think about the fact that we have to leave our children. Janie: I don't think so, Woody. Jane only thought about what she could do to take the best care of him. Take care of him as best as possible, stay as long as possible, to take care of this soul. I never knew that love was so touching until Jane had him, taught him to pray, taught him how to meditate, because Jane didn't know where in the future he could be with him, at least he had them with him. Janie: Yes (tears) Like he's everything in life, jane will feel like, okay, Jane takes care of herself. Jane loves herself, but today Jane knows what to live for, knows what her purpose in life will be, knows that today Jane is determined to work, is committed to business, so that her child can have a good future. Jane is a person who loves being loved and loves to be loved in the past, and is also the one who runs for love. I want to feel like someone is taking care of our love, but today it doesn't have to run. That's right in front of me and I give Jane an answer every morning... I love Mamie (crying) and every night before bed, I tell him if I know it. Mamie loves me so much, he knows Mamie, I love Mamie. Is Mamie working tired today? These words are something we've wanted for so long, and we've never fulfilled them until we had them. How many other men in the world have asked if you've been working hard? Do you want something to eat? IT'S NOT EQUAL TO ONE QUESTION NOLA ASKED JANESPONSORED IS YOUR TRUE LOVE?JANIE: JANE IS GRATEFUL FOR EVERYTHING. If Jane hadn't met, Jane wouldn't have today, maybe she wouldn't have learned the word mother, maybe she wouldn't have learned so much about love. It's simple, but it doesn't have to run after it. Jane probably didn't know these things at all, it turned out that everyone who had been in Jane's life. Whether it's the right person or the right person or the one who isn't, we're all good friends. The fact that someone comes into your life is called Jane loves everyone. Everyone is a life span during Jane's happy moments. Even though it's something that's distressing and it's happy, Jane looks at what makes Jane happy, feeling like she's not wasting her time. Look at everything, let it be positive. We will be able to live and live on this earth with real happiness. Today, Jane has come in the middle of life, there have been good and bad, but today it is the most perfect. It made Jane feel that people's lives must have every taste. There are really all kinds of flavors of a woman named Janie Tian Pho Suwan talks about her daughter, she knows that you love it very much. When the news came out that people were talking about their children. Janie: I have to say that when we become celebrities, there will be people who both love and don't love us. But at the point of touching Nola, Jane couldn't allow it, with her maternal instincts fighting all the way. Put money in jail, do everything, hold him accountable for all the crimes, which is the highest law. Jane wants society to see it as something wrong. Our children must protect. The child is white, he has not been armed since birth. He can't fight you, not even the tip of a nail. Janie: Learn what we should do to protect our children. No matter what happens, to this day, Brother Woody is not finished, he still has to go to court because he is not the only one. There are many people, but Jane still wants to take offense, because she wants you to know that this is not right. Don't do it again, watch the clip.
Open the face of boyfriend Nat Nisanee to see clearly the entertainment people. Tell very handsome, don't turn it off. |It is another beautiful girl who is very talented Who likes to make beautiful makeup content for fans to follow regularly. For the famous YouTuber-beauty blogger Nat Nisanee, each time he posted a picture on Instagram, everyone was buzzing. Nut Girl Nisanee posted a sweet photo of her boyfriend. Twenty sisters who have been in a relationship for a long time, but have never once opened their faces to each other. I've only seen it through it from time to time, which is to say that this round is unbearable. She didn't close it, showing herself clearly, stating, "Open your face. Never close again forever! Now handsome, thank you for the beautiful teeth from @paolodental, which makes you and Nat have a very beautiful smile. It took a long time to decide to open my brother's face, but lately, who's going to flirt with me? Among friends in the industry came to comment on the cuteness of boyfriend Nat Nisanee a lot, and said in one voice, "How handsome is this? YOU DON'T HAVE TO CLOSE IT."
See J Jetrin-Pin Kejmanee's house invested 60 million, all proportions come from dreams.|It's a lovely and warm family. For the family of famous singers J Jetrin Varthanasin and Pin Kejmanee, along with their 3 sons. The king and the seaman, who are now all grown up as boys, made almost all the girls of the country apply to be the daughter-in-law of this house. Father J and Mother Pin's house is huge and spacious. Father J invested more than 60 million baht. It takes many years to complete, it is a self-designed house with a modern design, which every corner of the house is from a dream, harvested from the places that have been visited, until it is built into its own house in the style of a resortSPONSORED style. There are 4 separate bedrooms for each of the 3 children, and the parents' room in the middle. There is a living room where everyone in the house gathers. As for the swimming pool, it is as beautiful as the resort, J Jetrin once revealed that the origin of the pool is to visit Sri Panwa. You can take beautiful photos from that corner and the vegetable corner of Mae Pin's kitchen garden planted to cook for father and children. My kids don't go out. MOST OF THEM ARE MORE AT HOME.SPONSORED
Can you do it? Fans dig up a clip of "Bie the Star" confessing to having a crush on "Koi-Arachporn"|"Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
"NCT DREAM" takes Thaifin fans into the land of dreams for 3 rounds|Three rounds of buzz with the brightness of the hottest K-pop band NCT DREAM, who are back to show the power of being even hotter in the country. Thailand brings NCTzen DREAM (NCTzen DREAM) or fan name into the land of dreams beyond imagination at the NCT DREAM TOUR 'THE DREAM SHOW 2 : In A DREAM' in BANGKOK by SM Organizers. NCT DREAM has proven its upgraded performances and full concerts on a larger scale like IMPACT Arena. Since the opening of NCT DREAM, everyone has been in love mode and bursting with energy before accelerating the heat, including hits and unit performances in ballads featuring the vocals of Renjuin, Hae Chan, Chen Le, as well as the cool rap songs of Mark, Jeno, Jae-min, Ji-sung. Ending a concert like a dream moment for over 2 and a half hours with 25 amazing songs!!
Clearly compared to the stars, gold prints, the aura is seen as similar to Park Yeon-jin from The Glory series.|It immediately became a trend. When white actress Omo Dao Pimthong Vajirakom was last given the role of Starlight. The eldest daughter in the drama Love Roy Revenge Channel 8 that has been talked about a lot by fans with her acting role. It looks like a Korean girl scratching her heart, so many people say that the character looks and inners like this. This is Park Yeon-jin (Thailand) in the Korean tv series The Glory, which is a popular series that is currently being talked about online. Even compared to the pictures in the drama and in real life by Dao Pimthong reveals the feeling. "First of all, I want to thank our drama fans and series fans for following the star's work and telling us to be Park Yeon-jin in Thailand. One of them was us too, but at first we were posed as Isara, but as fans followed us from the drama, the love song in the starlight, with the characters, the clothes, the face, the hair, the inner. A lot of us say that Isara shouldn't be anymore, we have to Park Yeon-jin (laughs)SPONSORED. But with the script, the starlight character is quite similar because there will be waywardness, selfishness at times, and don't make him angry to say that there is definitely a broken house, but it is not as serious as the character Park Yeon-jin, who is very emotional. At least people are still talking about still following our work. For the drama of love songs, the grudges. The script is good, Dao wants everyone to open up to Thai drama, and Dao is sure that this drama. It stands out in every character. The script is highly human, loving, greedy, angry, wandering, no one is extremely good. And the script is still shared with everyone. THE STORY LINE TOUCHES THE HEART AND THERE ARE ALSO SOME SONGS FOR EVERYONE TO FOLLOW."
Thep Pho Ngam Answering after being completely rumored, Mum used the debt instead, preparing to flee to Laos. |Make fans of comedy heavyweight Thep Pho Ngam even worried quite a bit. When a page came out to post a message about the latest status of the famous comedy heavyweight, who asked for help from the younger generation of comedian Mum Jok Mok to help him use the debt, the page stated, "Bear the face of Mum Jok Mok, use the debt instead of the house. After paying hundreds of thousands of monthly payments, revealing the real story, preparing to move to Laos" with the headline "Fleeing to Laos, leaving the debt to me", causing many people to share the news. Thep Pho Ngam's spring rolls page has also clarified the rumors. "Since many of Pa's fans have asked me if I will be moving to Laos because I saw the news on the online page, Mapa will say that this news is long ago. Sometimes some online news pages can't be trusted, maybe you have to consider how reliable the page is because sometimes they rely on old news information to post and then hang the post to get views. But sometimes these things, if they are too much, have an impact on the feelings of those around them, like the Daddy family. The team has already coordinated to the page that was posted, but he did not read the post and refused to delete the post. Thank you so much to all of your fans for sending me the news. Thank you very much."
Black ant reveals things that people don't know J-Pin has been living like a friend for a long time (clip)|In the news program put eggs on Thai Rath TV channel Celebrity host Ant Black Kachapa has read the news J Jetrin and Pin Kejmanee that many netizens have guessed that it is a celebrity couple sneaking to sign divorce papers. But I don't know if I actually signed the divorce papers. We don't know.
Opening the speech of Chao Khun live chat with fans that many people listened to and were worried about. |Walk into the entertainment industry and follow in the footsteps of mom and dad. For Khun Chakraphat Varthanasin The middle son of Father J Jetrin and Mother Pin Kejmanee, which in the past, fans who followed will see the work of Chao Khun. Khun THE NEW MUSIC WILL BE RELEASED ON APRIL 3, MAKING FANS WHO FOLLOW IT VERY EXCITED, INCLUDING THE LATEST SPONSORED HIMSELF. Chao Khun has come out live via Instagram talking about the new song, which fans are asking what the name of the new song will come out. Looking forward to hearing this April 3 episode and some episodes of the live broadcast. A fan commented, "Look at the fattening and be happy," and the king replied, "Actually, I'm trying. I may not be happy right now. I'm trying to get my fans to watch me and be happy, hopefully everyone will laugh..."
Ming Pontoon breaks the good news Preparing for a doctor's wedding|Congratulations to Ming Pontoon or Sawapatra. Sundaranan, who recently announced the good news via his Instagram. After growing a love tree with her boyfriend, the doctor for many years. The couple finally made their way to the wedding gate. Ming posted several pre-wedding photos with the caption "Nothing fancy, just love", which many of his friends commented to congratulate Ming. Thairath Entertainment Online congratulates the bride. MING SAWAPAT AND THE YOUNG DOCTOR SAID THAT THE GROOM TOO.
Lightning discharge The hero convulses in the middle of the pile, making a team um. Finally, get the hero Mon. plugged instead.|Earlier, the popular page Je Moy 108 had a story for netizens who like to eat taro, which unfolded about the behavior of one of the heroes, "The hero pulls in the middle of the movie pile, does not know whether he has been hit by something or a lack of goods!! Back then, acting like a loud enough team to yell. Recently, I saw that he was going to change the hero. Even though I used to pretend to be unlovable. Instead, chances are, it's better. Sigh!! #กูบ่นลิยลอย #อิพิมเมียทนายเจมส์"Recently today (March 22, 2023), the page has further updated that the hero has now been replaced, stating that "Then what Gu thought. The hero who pulled in the middle of the film set until the crew was puzzled whether this was a paranormal hit or a broken item. When I was discharged, I thought I was sick, I would take it to the doctor, I wouldn't go. Last.. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Ouch!! In the end, he got the hero Mon to plug in the movie instead, although Luke did not give, but Hee was willing to fight, seeing that it would be opened soon. He gave it a chance, didn't grab it, but he was discharged and released again. Credit to Bong Bong doesn't have to stand in the industry. #อิพิมเมียทนายเจมส์", the post was shared. MAKE A LOT OF NETIZENS GUESS.SPONSORED
Nanny Girlyberry My husband launched his son for the first time, though he didn't want to have a last.|Beautiful Girl Nanny Girlyberry Wielding husband Gun Pawin launches son Eren, 8 months old, was first diagnosed with COVID when she was pregnant. Almost having to give birth prematurely, and telling about the path of love for more than 5 years, this man is the best in life. It's almost a shapeshift. All the points on the talk show On Channel 31, with Peggy Srithanya Chompoo before the afternoon and the teacher as one, the host of the development program Son?Nanny: 8 months ago. Now start talking, the day before I say the word mom. The previous time I called Daddy and crawled over me. He'll love to drop things like this. Nanny: He's an easy babysitter, but when he sleeps, he's a normal kid. I went to work, I peeked through the camera, I had a separate bed, and I put the camera in my room: I went to work and went out a lot. Nanny: When I was 6 months pregnant, I got married and I got the news that my place was full of COVID and I was really addicted. When I coughed and my stomach hardened, the doctor said that I would give birth prematurely, I was very scared until the 3rd day I would go to the hospital. Symptoms improve. We were pregnant as a dangerous case, we were very afraid to go downhill. The doctor decided to give Favi, we called a lot of people to see if they could eat, the doctor said if they couldn't eat, they wouldn't talk to their husband? It wasn't edible, we didn't eat it, but we decided to trust the doctor, but it came through. It affected me a little bit at first, he was very sensitive. Nanny: The first intention was to give birth on his own, but he couldn't give up for hours because he was so big. The doctor decided to dissect. My husband always stood there encouraging at all times, at first I didn't intend to have a baby. We felt it was scary that we had to worry about one person our whole life until they died, not with children at all. Nanny: I have a problem with my ovaries, I used to have chocolate cysts, I didn't think I would have a baby, but when I had it, I was happy after giving birth, crying a lot? When I thought about it, I was very nodding, and the milk didn't come with me, so I told my husband that if it was Mama Blue, let's watch the drama summary harder. See us crying: We cry because we don't understand why we cry. Nanny: We solved the problem by taking pills, it was back to normal. Nanny: When I sleep, sometimes there are some alternations, but I understand he works in the morning, and we take duties at night. After eating together and eating alternately, there were some days when we sent him to sleep and we ate together. THE HEAVIEST DIDN'T HANG OUT TOGETHER, SPONSORED NEVER QUARRELED. Nanny: When you have a quarrel, it's a very small fight. Now it's getting serious, it's stressful, not sleeping enough for both of them. Nanny: Same as before, but less time, what doesn't feel okay, how do we let go of where we started? Nanny came to exercise there. I first saw him come with a male friend. I think there's a girlfriend. I didn't know he was an artist at the time, but I didn't like guavas: I didn't know he liked me. He came to flirt more, so I had to give up. I said I didn't have much time to eat, he cooked for me, so every day I saw that he didn't have much time, I felt that he was cute. He has an aura unlike anyone we knew earlier. Nanny: 6 years, the age gap has some effect, maybe he's a little bit young. The preferences are the same. Nanny: Yes, very good. He is open and does not flirt with seeing ghosts since childhood?Nanny: As a child, I felt more goosebumps. When I grew up, I loved to see glimpses in my eyes, and there was a time when I was a teacher. After that, I went to all the provinces, sometimes there was a sound coming to my ears, and the highest was that there was no court at home. Get into the house, goosebumps. When I slept, I saw 3 men, another day an old woman almost went to the body line? I can't dance, I can't dance, we go to the temple, go to the normal office, there is a teacher to say that it's time, you have to be a person, you have to come and pick up the Lord, otherwise this condition will not improve. We felt that it wasn't, until we met the senior, he took us to the temple, we got the answer to everything. We know that sitting on a really calm mind is a symptom of shamanism. After that, we practiced it all the time, it disappeared.
Ginny big daughter good night Post to parents, read it and tears will flow. |After a beautiful daughter, Ginny Juthapak. The beautiful daughter of a big dad, a good dreamer, and a mother, Sa Thanawan, who just became a lid a few days ago. Most recently (March 21, 2023), Ginny posted a family photo and wrote: "To Daddy and Mom. Thank you for taking good care of me and always choosing the best for me from the first day I was born. I don't know if there are any other words that can convey all the feelings Daddy and Mom have to offer. Besides the word love really (love). Thank you for being everything to me, I want to say that Daddy, Mom, Sister are everything to me as well. Daddy's daughter is a young woman and will always be by her side. I love you so much. Ginny's Heart "This is a good dream" dad commented on Ginny saying nothing at all on the soundtrack to Notting hill, and the mother commented to her daughter, "I love you so much."
A friend sends flowers to Pin Kejmanee, zooms in to read the message on the card, knowing his concern.|It's another warm family for the 90s singer couple J Jetrin and Pin Kejmanee, who regularly find leisure activities to do together and show off their cuteness to their fans on their personal Instagram. Mae Pin Most recently (March 22, 2023), Mae Pin posted a picture of a bouquet of flowers with a card sent by a friend to Instagram Story, and when zoomed in on the card, Pin's friend wrote, "Sending you positive thoughts. Lots of hugs and kisses to super mommy. From Namwan", which translates into Thai as "Send positive energy to both hugs and kisses. READ IT AND KNOW THAT THIS BEST FRIEND OF MAE PIN IS PROBABLY WORRIED ABOUT HER FEELINGS AS WELL, JUST AS NETIZENS REGULARLY SEND HEARTS UNDER MAE PIN'S POSTS.
Matt Bheerney turned on the bikini costume mode to show off his bouncy buttocks, making Norway flare up.|Escape the hot weather and go on a family vacation in Norway. For the most beautiful heroine like Matt Phiranee Kongthai, who recently gave away sexy directly from Norway to Thailand. Matt posted a photo of herself in a tiny bikini, revealing her perfect chopped figure, omo white skin and bouncy buttocks, with the caption: "If our hearts swim, sleep well, be skinny." After he turned on zap mode for everyone to see, friends and fans commented on the tease. Matt girls, for example, "Hotter than the sun, my daughter herself, in the Doritosnon triangle, screams. Very good figure, super beautiful hips and buttocks".
Back to the words Pin Kejmanee used to quit J Jetrin 3 times.|It's still an ongoing issue. When a celebrity page posted a big bomb message to the celebrity couple who had already signed their divorce papers, they were surprised. There are many couples that have been linked to each other, including the pair of J Jetrin and Pin Kejmanee, who have been dating for more than 28 years. Pin Kejmanee was interviewed on The Talk Show. In 2018, he said he was dating J Jetrin as his girlfriend and then broke up, then came back and broke up. We've been together since childhood. We've been dating since we were 20 years old. Who is jealous of whom?", Brother J is very jealous, but he also chooses the jealous sex. He is jealous of Tom because he knows that no man dares to interfere with us because we already have a husband and have children. If we don't smell anything, we won't interfere or go to check on anything, because he always reports. He'll take pictures for us all the time, "And if it's wrong, does it smell?" To be honest, Jay isn't a flirt, he's not someone who's going to get in trouble at home anyway, but it might be a little bit like that, but he has a high flying hour, so he can't do anything to get in trouble because he's had a problem in his life once, which is a very big problem, so we trust that he won't miss it. DON'T MAKE IT A PROBLEM AGAIN"SPONSORED, HOW DO YOU GET PINNED?", LET'S TAKE THE GIRLS. I used to put my feet on the table. When the woman tried to talk to us, we were wearing high heels, and we asked why we wanted to talk to J. This one was light, "When we broke up 3 times, what did you break up?", when there was one big storm. This is the main problem, and then again, he should go to the outer cities and go to the city, and then there are reporters who bring the news. But every time they fight, he always buys expensive things?" When we fight, Pin can buy cheap things, bags, dolls, and he's good to go. Honestly, when I woke up in the morning, I forgot. It's easy to forgive, we think it's a woman's charm. Don't get too carried away. Finally, we had to come back. Don't do it. We never got a car because we were fighting, but we got it because J he hired us to get 4 kilos fatter. The next day we lost weight, so it was hard to gain weight. We eat a lot, but we don't get fat. When it's fat, it's uncomfortable. I'm not feeling well."
Shock Pat Nappa was tono Deny love as a sibling, revealing the status of a know-it-all, 14-year-old |It's becoming an issue. After debuting a 14-year-old boyfriend for Pat Nappa Tansakul, the latest came out on the show. On YouTube channel 8. Open your mind to talking about how much you're dating, but that's not enough. He also told the story of the couple with young Tono Pakin and Oat Pramote, who had been in the news earlier. True story or just content? Pat: Got the news that you have. Let's compete with who's younger? Parry: I'm 12 years apart, Mom Pat: (shook his head, smiled) Prairie: I'm 14 years apart, I'm not afraid, I'm 14 years apart, I'm not afraid of my mom, I'm dating a 14-year-old girl, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm still in the status of the closest talker, why haven't I given him status? The older we get, the more maturity we get, the more we say it, it has its effect. We have to take it. It's not like when we were 20-21 years old, saying quitting hundreds of times, but not really quitting. Every word that comes out of our mouths goes through the thought process that if he actually stops talking to us. WE HAD TO BE OKAY, AND THEN WE WERE LIKE, 'HOW ARE WE OKAY SPONSORED?' Starting with the old secretary, he suggested to watch, to bring this guy to his own show, and then DM greetings. I thought we were single, so we asked him. I'm single and I'm not single, and she told me she's single, and she's sending us a big picture. We're single, naf, she's calm at the time, do we like him yet?, Pat is addicted to children only, we're a lot apart, and Pat is scared anyway, go with the kids, raise the kids, and mature him again, and he'll understand, and we'll talk. I can't appear younger. But did you talk to me like this? He never talked to Naf, as I said, he sent us any pictures, but he never contacted us, but he talked to us. We share it already, brothers are sharing girlfriends together?really (smiling) The previous person in uniform was born from the younger one, at first I didn't know, the younger advised us to talk until we came to know later that he used to flirt with him, and then he didn't talk until finally handing the stick to his brother and mom didn't stick? And finally he came to suggest uh, let's talk to this guy, talk to each other until we just come to know that it's been a year, mom?, the more we have the opportunity to talk for a long time: 1. He is very patient with Pat, very lucky this guy?Pat has to say that Pat is lucky (smiles) No, this one doesn't bother him, but he comes in at a time when Pat does a lot of things in life and Pat doesn't focus on it at all, and he's in his spot. He accepted what we gave. It's only because his mother didn't give him status. Aren't you afraid that he'll go find someone else who gives him a clearer status?" Pat then tells him that if there's anyone to talk to, it's better to go. We're not addicted to it, mom is a test kid? Funny Woman Uh, small and funny, 3 people who got it are all younger that kids come to like their mother because their mother is sexy? 10 years away from us, but it's cute, it means it's funny, we talked like this for a year and a half, until we broke up. Mommy, what's up, and it's not about a year and a half? It's not, it's not crying. Men don't understand who is crying? It's something like this, I think pa, we're sorry, we don't really have other people, and then we start a new chapter. Yes, I am not bored, I like it easily, but love hard until I meet someone in uniform, passed from naf deal more than 8 years ago. Prairie: Very short 7 days, 2 months old Apat: This one let him take Pat's scene because pat's fastest is 4 months, so he got the nickname. Mae Pat 8G launches Loy Krathong Day Open from being a person who does not eat alcohol, but wants to try a sip. Oh, I'm drunk, I haven't run out of glasses, and men are like shooting stuff like this. You can go down, you can go down (laughs). The night passed, and we went to sleep. I don't know about it, we go down, we end up, wake up to the news, shock, but the news is not a good thing. Pat is like a 3rd man, he already has a girlfriend, doesn't he? He talks to this person, doesn't he, and has a lot of female profiles within 6 hours, is single until the fans come to comment that I am not sure, I will congratulate or regret it (smile), it is 6 hours, it is legend, so I am a 8G Pat mom. That person is real. Can anyone give an example? Tono asked for permission at that time Jin because they went on the show together, and Pat really liked him, went to tease something like this, became a person to go to Jin, but it was impossible. How do you talk about having a message that says "Better be brothers and sisters"? I'm like that. Ok, what are we going to do? He said it was better to be brothers (laughs). Another one. Oats What do you like, Oats, but he's a warm man? We're working together, and people are happy to do it again. Like a bear dad, a bear mom, because of chemistry, then we worked on a bear show and had a baby. She took good care of our children. Dating someone, Pat and Oats look the same. If it doesn't survive, it's going to be hard to work with, it's going to cut the problem, okay, then it's okay.
Kimberly is secretly complaining that Mak wants to help share her wedding preparation ideas.|The beautiful bride, Kimberly Ann Voltemus, has a headache in preparing for the wedding. Kim revealed her progress in preparing for her wedding when she promoted the drama. Dr. Luang at Channel 3 told me that it is almost time for the wedding, it is about 6 months away, I feel that the dress is not finished, the design of the event is not finished, the theme has not been selected, the card is not finished. He probably knows the timeline more than we do in which country?ask for another 2 months, Kim said, but it's the European zone that chose this country. Because we feel like it's a beautiful country, the weather is good, and we just want to have a moment with real family and really close friends, there will be families from the American side and then the German side. Time passes very quickly. It's been a year. So we felt that 6 months was very little, kim had been shooting 2 dramas all the time, and we were going to open a movie as well, and then there was a show, a lot of work. A year ago, I didn't have time to think about anything, so I had time to reflect on myself each day, in the morning (laughs), and then there was a period of sleeplessness. When I was looking for a villa, because Kim was the one who took care of everything by herself, and I figured out the price that was okay with how many wedding dresses there were in foreign countries. In Thailand, if you include 3 after parties, the event in Thailand will be November. There's time. In Thailand, it's clear (laughs). Everyone is still helping us fully. Piya, let's make it when we're worried or stressed, do you know, but he doesn't care about anything (laughs). Not interested at all. Honestly, I just had a problem, we said if we could make a choice, we wanted to get involved, but we knew that in the end we had to make our own choices. But he said he wanted Kim to choose everything because he wanted Kim to be as happy as possible. We were tired, but we understood because everything we typed was all in English. It's a deal, we don't know this either. We studied it from Google, but the least of it is that it helps us find a little bit. Let's say he sends a raff and he's in the group, she'll be quiet, we'll be like... Why let us choose one person (laughs) But if you're talking about home. He responded very quickly. He's going to be in the house, he's going to help choose because he's involved a lot in the house right now he's excited and tired, right? There are so many designers to choose from, we don't think we can do it because it's expensive. So we thought we wouldn't, but the last time I tried it in Paris, I felt like, oh, it's not an event. It's not a shame that we have to pay a lot, isn't it? It's a dream brand, it's beautiful for us. I don't know how other people will feel, but for us to wear and feel that we are the bride, can you secretly ask the price? There are some call-and-pastes. Because we have a fallow in IG, but it's not as much as we're here. Because recently there is a tent that he said that if it rains, you have to order it first, but order it first, there must be a deposit, and if it does not rain, we will lose the deposit, which is very expensive. So I said it fell, I fell, I dressed, I fell, I wrote (laughs). Can you tell me how to stop the rain because I don't want to pay for the tent to clear the work in time?Now I have already put the brakes on the drama because it is finished 2 films, there will be a movie that will open this April, but it is only 10 queues, it is finished, we will try to finish recording and then let go of the joy and get the job to raise money for the wedding? No, but we knew we were going to break the work, we didn't want the fans to leave the session, so we stocked up on the work. I don't get anything right now. I've been thinking about weddings lately, sleeping, and everyone says Kim needs to be sober, calm down, don't put everything in your head. One day, the manager was like... Whatever it is in my head, say it all, help, we're like... This one is back today. This one is going to fly today. This person is going to sleep here, we're like, oh, how do we write, we're just acting (laughs). We didn't manage anything, so we had the manager make a PDF file, which we couldn't do. Transfer money (laughs) It takes 2 hours to transfer because transferring to that currency is difficult.
2nd round bachelorette Maya was surprised by her new boyfriend after getting married and having children.|Congratulations again to Maya Nonthawan or Maya Nonthawantas Thongleng. Miss Thailand World 2014 has announced the good news of her boyfriend Chabei Der or Shabi. Spanish handsome young model A surprise marriage proposal has been made amidst a romantic atmosphere, although Maya Nonthawan has been through marriage and has a lovely son. Maya Nonthawan posted a picture with her boyfriend with the message, "Having you in my life is beyond the dream life I could have ever never pictured myself in. You showed me the dream man I wish to have, a gentleman I wish my son will look up to, a man loves who me like me like the only woman in the world and loves my son as his own without any doubt.You healed me and showed me all reasons to love and feel confident in myself again. I was proud enough to call you My man. Only you now I have to call .... my fiance... love u to infinity Special Thanks to @love_yourmoments for capturing our precious moment u r amazing and @girlfridayeventsmallorca for making our day extra and so romantic you are the best."SPONSORED, translated into Thai, reads, "Having you in your life is beyond my dream life that I ever imagined of myself. You showed me the man of my dreams I wanted. Be a gentleman I hope my son will look. A man who loves me like I am the only woman in the world and loves my child like his child without any doubt, you treat me and show me all the reasons to love and be confident in yourself again. I'm proud enough to call you my man. Now I have to call you, my fiancée. love you endlessly. Special thanks from our precious moment u r amazing and @love_yourmoments for recording @girlfridayeventsmallorca for making our day very special and romantic. You're the best @myriad_grand_monde_official my amazing brother who made this dress for me 3 years ago. Now I know it's done for a reason, love you p' x p' korn".SPONSORED
This post is startled, the beginning of infidelity is to talk every day and tell me not to think about anything.|The evening comes after work. There's a story for me to read again. After the page rang Jemoy108 The message reads, "Dating, whether it's boyfriend status or wife, honoring our partner, both in front of and behind our back, it's important. Being born a good boyfriend or partner of someone. It's cool, you know? To those in the industry who have broken up. Split and divorce!! #อิพิมคนไม่มีผัว"This event, netizens do not wait to rush to comment quickly, such as "True. Being honest with your loved ones and your family, it's cool. We're so proud that we have a husband like that and we are like that. I'm so happy when I see my child sleeping in my parents' arms together. The glimpse of my child is the answer to our hearts", etc.
"Ink Waranthorn" takes move on through the single "He's in charge."|It's time to let go. Let go of his hand. INK WARUNTORN (Inc. Waruntorn) will bring everyone to move on in a way that grows and understands themselves more with the new single "New People He Cares", another song that Inc. has co-created with Tan Lipta who is a producer as always, with Rice Fellow Fellow to help write the lyrics, conveying a more heartbreaking feeling. You can listen to this song on all music streaming platforms and watch the music video on YouTube of BoxxMusicOfficialSPONSORED.
Mae Lee Set iron rules, ban dimpled cheeks, Priyada is before composing high-so-pete, reveals close to good news.|Beautiful face with dimpled cheeks, Priyada, wielding mother Lee Sarinya. Revealing the good news at first, and soon, telling the story of a hilarious mother who has a story to hit every day, but her mother asks to solve the news, addiction, alcoholism, going to a barhos, and recounting the childhood of a dimpled cheek that was forced by Mother Lee. All the points on the talk show Channel One31 will have good news. Buying land and preparing to build a house? Build a house The house is money, we will go to ask for a place to live, if the house is finished, mom does not cheer for marriage? Other mothers want their children to leave, but we feel like they've been with us for a long time, but it's up to them because they love two people. We are mothers, we watch. If you're going to mess around or make a lot of comments, it's not. We talk to each other, not because our parents get married, because they like each other, because they like each other. We're moms just looking at him. MAE LEE: PLEASE DON'T GET PREGNANT BEFORE THE WEDDING, SOME THINGS STILL CAN'T MAKE UP FOR DATE, BUT PLEASE DON'T TRY. Make it right, dimpled cheeks: I'm not serious. I'm 34. Pete is not serious either, my girlfriend is a friend?dimpled cheeks: Yes, he gives me a handbag, a watch, Mother Lee: What a dent does not have, he will arrange for a dimpled cheek: Mom likes to borrow it like a friend to mom?dimpled cheeks: We were raised like friends, where will she come to mom's legs, where will she fake mom?Mother Lee: Now that we have moved to Pattaya, it's shin Thonglor, Sukhumvit is gone, so he's going to hang out with friends under 27-40, likes to travel, likes to dance, but doesn't drink when he meets a cute guy. We as elders have to set an example. If we act well, the younger generation will not be afraid of us. People know us a lot. The fact that we do that is easy, it makes our lives go from half a hundred trips to zero, husband Huang?Mother Lee: From the age of 2, we raised our children until number 5, what would it be like to be jealous? When I go home, my period is over, and my mom loves to go to the barhos? He took us in, and we danced. And we felt a lot of change, so we came out better, it wasn't our genre. The owner took a picture of us and posted it, but he apologized, we didn't, we walked out to the clinic more than our daughter? Mother Lee: Man is like a tree. If I don't know how to fertilize the soil, it will be an unattractive tree. Now almost all clinics in Thailand invite me to dress my mother?Mother Lee: We have a profession that sells beauty products. We have to use ourselves to present. Today it's Mae Lee, we're happy. If you don't like it, you'll pass by a little bit of dimpled cheeks: dress, maybe is too, tight clothes, and still see breasts, and then go on a trip. I don't think it's ideal. If it's another crop show. It's not safe for him to go out alone, he's worried, he's addicted to sexy dress, this house is not serious about studying? The call fell almost completely. I said it was okay, but I asked to go to class every day. We have a sense of responsibility for our children. In the evening, other people took their children to special classes, but we took them to pray. We don't force them to learn on their own. HE THOUGHT ABOUT WINNING BY HIMSELF, NOT GOING TO SCHOOL BECAUSE HE WAS PLEASED WITH HIS PARENTS.
Like Akaze Mark Tuan hot Become a global brand ambassador|Loved by the Akaze EVEANDBOY, Thailand's No. 1 beauty store, invested more than 200 million baht. Held the launch of Mark Tuan or Mark GOT7, Eve & Boy's first global brand ambassador. Under the "EVEANDBOY SHINING THE UNIVERSE" campaign, Mark Tuan, Eve & Boy's first global brand ambassador, said, "It's nice to meet everyone and I'm excited and honored to work with EVEANDBOY. If you ask me, what is my Beauty Destination? I think that's what you're trying to find that defines who you are. What always makes you look good, but you know? The press conference also featured the launch of a commercial film that reflects that everyone can shine like Mark Tuan by becoming the EVEANDBOY family, which is like a universe of beauty for everyone, at ScreenX Cinema, Major Cineplex, Siam Paragon on Wednesday, March 22, 2023.SPONSORED
"GDH" Haunting Horror Movie "House for Rent. April 2020|"GDH" and "N.Ath Studio" proudly present the ghost thriller "House for Rent... To the latest ghost thriller film by director Laddaland Jim Sophon Sakdapisit when "Ning" and "Gwyn" are husband couple. A wife with a 7-year-old daughter named "Ing". He decided to move out of the house to live in a condo and then let the house be rented by strangers. Retired Doctor and "Nuch" HER 40SPONSORED DAUGHTER, SHORTLY AFTER LETTING THE HOUSE GO FOR RENT, NING DISCOVERS THAT GWYN HAS STARTED TO CHANGE HER BEHAVIOR. Ning begins to see that there is an invisible danger that follows Wanying, so Ning must do everything possible to protect her daughter from this strange cult! The latest film from director Jim Sophon Sakdapisit, starring Weir-Suklawat Kanaras, Mew-Nitta Jirasorn and Tai-Penpak Sirikul, April 6, worships the hallucinations in theaters.
"Sinsir-Satida", let out a joke. Debut of the sitcom "Six Scenes"|A full-fledged run for the artist-performer management company "Skybox", recently sending Sinsier-Satida Sripromma. He also participated in the sitcom "Six Scenes" on Workpoint Channel 23, with Sinsir revealing that "Now that there will be an on-air show, it will be a sitcom. Six scenes on Workpoint Sunday at 11.45am When I went to shoot, it was a lot of fun, I could barely laugh because the actors were always letting jokes outside the script. We need to know the timing of receiving and sending. As for the dramas that have been filmed and turned off camera, there will be a golden-headed slave story. Sierra almost rehearsed the script all day because it was the first time we played it, and then we had to play alongside a good actor, so we had to prepare as much as possible, the whole script, both physically sponsored by playing the friend of Minnie (Bhandira Museum). From the beginning to play the way he gave the script, but when I learned to act, it was really about putting ourselves in that character, knowing, feeling the character, it became more in, felt like it was challenging, it was interesting. When I came to film the drama gibbons pi chong. The script we received was pretty close to ourselves, and before filming, the director briefed us to understand and play friends with Karisa. Now the drama is off camera for both films. Sierra awaits the opening of another drama by Magenta Media Creation, whose genre and character will be different from the first two." All episodes Follow us on www.thairath.co.th/novel and Facebook Fanpage : Thai Rath Novel
Margie apologizes, Bella is misunderstood. I'm not saying suggestive, I'm just telling you what I found (clip).|It's another issue that many people are worried about. After the heroine, Margie Rasri Balenciaga. Responding to a question about people who have worked together and don't want to work with them again, via the new heroine's YouTube channel Davika Hoorne, many people alluded to channel 3 co-star Bella Rani Campen before Margie posted an IG Story saying it had nothing to do with Bella. Margie attended "The first exclusive launch and line up of Mindset Mob" at Central Court, 1st floor, Central World Shopping Mall. So the reporter asked him to open up for the first time and ask about the drama?". I would like to say that for those who have watched the show, new friends feel uncomfortable. I'm sorry for the content that we might have thought too little or didn't look at carefully. Not screened well enough. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. Again, I don't talk about Bella, and I and Bella have never had a problem with each other, past and present. I've never had a fight or anything, so I want to say it's not about Bella. I'm not going to hurt anyone and I'm not thinking about unfolding anyone. We're just talking about the experiences we've had in this life. It's a normal part of a person's life, we just share what we've experienced, but we don't want to hurt anyone because we don't give any hints, we don't hint at being women or men. What age is close to us, or what profession do you do? WE DON'T WANT TO POINT OUT WHO IT IS, BUT WE'RE JUST TELLING YOU WHAT YOU'VE FOUND."SPONSORED, DID YOU HAVE A CHANCE TO SAY OR APOLOGIZE DIRECTLY TO BELLA?", is actually Bella himself, he already knows that what he said has nothing to do with him, because as I said, there are only 2 of them, Bella already knows that there has never been an incident like that. But we were sent to tell him, "Are you worried? When there's an allusion, there's going to be a problem with friends in the industry?" I feel like it's almost impossible to connect with anything because I didn't give a hint and it's only known to 2 people"What we posted is that we don't want people to misunderstand any more?"Yes, a lot of misunderstandings understand that Kee talked about Bella that day and decided to go down because it wasn't, because no, some people couldn't tell it anymore, not in time, but it wasn't, if yes, we would say yes, this is confirmed that it is not." People may think we're talking about the same thing, but it's a different story, or some people don't watch the full tape. Look at it because my question is at the end, it's a different question, clearly separated, "Is it stressful because of a lot of drama?", we regret that people misunderstand, think that we think badly of him, will unfold others, because, as I said, our intentions are not intended to hurt anyone or unfold anyone, we are human beings, we have a speech, we feel that it is really an experience that we have had, even though we are sad about it in the past, but now we let it pass, we share it with friends or other people that we have found. Not in the lavender field, we just felt it was ours. It's about us, and as I said, we're not directing at all, and we're pretty sure it can't be linked. Because we didn't have any hints"New said that everyone who went to shoot that day understood, because he saw it as his fault for putting that content down?", he stressed, he consumed a lot of social media. But at some point we couldn't do anything. We understand and accept what is happening. If people mistakenly think we're talking about Bella. His fans were not satisfied. We want to apologize today, too, but not only are we, but we want to apologize for making you feel bad." He'll know, because there's already been a saying that we're recording. Let's be honest, the recording wasn't going to be discriminatory or anything, but it was something we didn't think we'd find ourselves, and we felt like we wanted to record so that we could keep in mind that on the day we were together, he wasn't cute with us. So I'm not sure if the others are. But I'm the one who's gone through the times. How did that person come about? Do good to us, and we forget, save it to remind ourselves not to be stupid and stupid again, but apart from our friends who are really close, we are quite trusting that our friends do not go further, but we ourselves cannot believe our ears either. We're going to have to open it up again. Do I understand the same thing, and we can't do it alone, so we can have a friend to help us analyze it? It's been 10 years, if we were to do that, we'd be like... But we also feel like we're tired, to be honest, when we meet one thing ahead, getting off stage is another. When there are no people around, 2 people are another thing, we feel tired because in real life, just playing a play is someone else. On a non-dramatic day, let's be ourselves, "Is he still there now?" I said no point, no dumb. Don't say much. No, but the clip is still there, right?", we kept reminding ourselves, "Are you afraid of someone digging again?" No way, as I said, I'm not dumb about who it is. Women or men, older, same or younger, or what work? We didn't say it at all. So it's very broad, "What do you want to say to those who follow the news?" Enough is enough. As I said, I didn't mean to think badly of anyone. We're just telling what we've experienced. It's like we're venting to pee-o-pee stuff like this, and I think everyone has to work. It's already in every industry, so we're just saying what we're going to find, "When you're doing content, are you afraid?" we'll be more cautious because we understand. If I'm not happy, I'm really sorry, everyone who attended the show that day didn't have bad intentions."
"JJ & Da Ning" have been dating for so long that people who have established themselves on Wikipedia "soul mates" have not thought about fiction.|It's a couple who love their fans and go out to work, so I've updated them. Young JJ-Krishnabhum Piboonsongkram and the girl Daenerys-Kanyaveer, two cities After the couple opened QOW Entertainment Company, which took care of the artists and managed both behind the scenes, it was very busy to meet the couple at the official collaboration press conference between 4NOLOGUE (Thailand) and LDH (Japan) at MASTERCARD CINEMA, SF WORLD CINEMA CENTRAL WORLDJJ "When I worked on myself, I think there was still a little bit of confusion and still learning because part of us worked as a solo part of ourselves and worked for the company. "Very comfortable, sleep a little," Da Ning said, "depending on the part, if it is a behind-the-scenes part that is working with the foreground, we already have an understanding of the foreground work. "SPONSOREDDA NING "HANGING OUT TOGETHER?" The table doesn't quite match," JJ said, "Really, there's no talk that we're not going anywhere lately. But we're all focused on ourselves and the company, so we don't plan on where we're going, but we're going to see the work there, and we're going to go together in that way. I hope to travel this year," Da Ning said, "I don't really have any serious travel plans yet, so I haven't thought about it," JJ, but I'm going to focus on sleeping (laughs)." It was like J replied, so I wasn't that shocked." Really out of shape over (laughs). "It's not that serious," Da Ning said, "I think it's because we've been dating for a long time." "JJ" I think the future is not that clear, but nowadays we try to focus more on what is in front of us, because this year we are in our mid-20s. It means an age when it takes life to take life one step further. We never talked about it, but it means that from what we see. We're all more focused on the front and trying to make it go the best way." "I didn't ask, I still drifted. There is no stress or pressure at all. It's more about building up".
The inner circle reveals the deeper causes. The 90-year-old singer has yet to announce her divorce. Exceeded everyone's expectations.|It is a social trend that many people are watching. Entertainment news channel 8 Online has revealed why the "'90s singer" is still calm. "Now that all my friends in the industry know that these two have been divorced for 2 weeks, the eldest child already knows, but there is still a younger child who still does not know, and both parents are worried about their feelings. This couple has been trying for 2 years, but both of them still act as good parents to their children, may have to talk to the children gradually, because if you tell the child at all, the child may be shocked because the child is young, may not understand, think for a while, but now you may start to know the mental state of the singer's wife in the 90s, is sad, but must try to accept it, because this kind of thing happens a lot, because this couple has broken up 2-3 times. Most of the time, there are other women involved, the same story over and over again, but recently, it's like a high-profile conversation, so let's go our separate ways and let the story go quietly. Why do families who seem to love each other jealous of why they break up that divorce is partly about women, because this has always been the case? Part of it is that he's out of love, the other part is that he's tired because he's starting to disrespect each other, not respecting each other repeatedly. HOWEVER, LET THEM BOTH SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES".SPONSORED
Taeng Pongsakorn, a light-hungry lawyer, took it again since the watermelon case. Who do netizens know?|Social media boils over again because it doesn't know who it means. When suddenly it comes out, strike. Most recently (March 23, 2023), Young Taeng has come out to post a message to The lawyer was hungry for light via his personal Instagram account, stating, "The lawyer is hungry for light again, since the case of Mr. Melonla, I'm bored", with a short caption that read, "Make your nose worthwhile, go out to the media often." At this event, netizens came to comment a lot, with the expression "I know who I mean", and also said that "This lawyer has already had many cases, if true, he will continue to do the watermelon case".
Aye, Mira, can't sleep. Mr. Prajakchai wins verdict in defamation case|Do it, Mira Chonwiralvanis even couldn't sleep. I need to post a message venting my worried feelings. Mr. Mall Prajakchai Haithong The patron, who reached out to help on a difficult day, posted a message that read: "I can't sleep. Tomorrow, the judge hears the verdict. Found defamation lawsuit of Prajakchai master" with sad face emoji after Ae Mira After posting the message, netizens came to comment, cheering and wishing everything went well. For example, "People who do good will get good rewards, please help, believe that everything will go well, be a mechanic for you, fight, let's pass.
Dimpled cheeks, take mom, tell me about the experience of visiting the barhos, how did all the men go?|Also pretty sexy, never change. For the bad guy, the cheeks are dimpled. Priyada, who recently wielded Mother Lee. Sarinya came out to solve the news, addicted to travel, alcoholic, there was a picture leaked into the host bar. In the talk show Channel One31 featuring Thanya Thanyaret, Ning Panita and Grasshoppers. Mae Lee : Now that I've moved to Pattaya, it's all shin Thonglor, Sukhumvit. He told us from the front so he wouldn't go, would hang out with friends under the age of 27-40, liked to travel, liked to dance, but didn't drink. We as elders have to set an example. If we go and act, the younger generation will not be afraid of us. SPONSOREDMAE LEE: FROM THE AGE OF 2, WE RAISED OUR CHILDREN UNTIL NUMBER 5, WHAT DO YOU GET JEALOUS OF? When I go home, my period is over, and my mom loves to go to the barhos? He took us in, and we danced. And we felt a lot of change, so we came out better, it wasn't our genre. His owner took a picture of us and posted it, but he apologized. We weren't, we walked out to the clinic more than our daughters?: Yes, sometimes we carry a bag of blood back home. Mother Lee: Man is like a tree. If I don't know how to fertilize the soil, it will be an unattractive tree. Now almost all clinics in Thailand invite me to dress my mother?Mother Lee: We have a profession that sells beauty products. We have to use ourselves to present. Today it's Mae Lee, we're happy. If you don't like it, you can go through a little bit with dimpled cheeks: dress, maybe too, and still see the breasts, and then go on a trip, I think it's not suitable. If it's another crop show. It's not safe for him to leave alone. He's addicted to sexy dressing.
Margie Happy Pok gives nearly 10 carat diamond ring on 8th anniversary|Join "The first exclusive launch and line up of Mindset Mob" at Central Court, 1st floor, Central World Shopping Mall. The reporter asked actress Margie Rasri Balenciaga about a nearly 10-carat diamond ring on her left ring finger, which she received from her husband, rapper Pok Passornkorn Jirathiwat. Margie revealed the origin of the ring as an occasion for their 8th anniversary, and ice defender Pichapong Somkul helped sponsor the reflected light on his fingers. We've been together for 8 years, I don't know what he wants, we already have a wedding ring that my dad gave me, and there's another easy ring to wear. I usually wear a simple ring all the time, whether it's in the shower, going out, we always wear that one. But he said he wasn't the one who gave him his wedding ring from his water, his father's money. He wants to give his wedding ring with his own water, it takes 8 years to save money (laughs)"He gave the ice pile a messenger to send to him?", the ice pile is the one who helped find it, the guy won't know what to do, but he is already a jeweler. "Did he consult us before buying?" But we can do anything. He gave us a happy, happy one," when he opened it. What are our symptoms?", shocked, because it's the only thing we didn't think he would buy for sure. When your girlfriend buys you a big item, you're going to buy something big. Most of them are compatible items such as cars, watches, etc. I feel like he's worth wasting his money. Most of them are probably something like that, so I don't think it's something they're going to buy for us. At first I thought it was fake, I thought it was fake, "How many carats is this?", it's a strip?"8-10 carats?", "That strip", "I saw that when that day came, I moved the old band to another finger?"Move, collect, blame my dad (raise his hand)"8th anniversary, what did I give him?"I didn't give him 8 years. In fact, we told him we worked, and we wanted to give him something back. We've got a sneak peek, but we're saying, honestly, we can't give it that much. Because we don't have as much as him. Nowadays, at work to buy things for my husband, it's nothing, we want him back. Most of the time, I buy watches for them, I choose them based on what I like, and it's an investment, but I don't sell them anyway. Don't call it an investment."
Keep an eye on relationships. Y2K singer prepares to divorce another couple |Earlier, channel 8 Online's entertainment news page revealed why the "'90s singer" was still calm. "Now all my friends in the industry know that they are divorced for 2 weeks, which the eldest child knows, but there is still a younger child who still does not know. End of list The news host has dropped another hint that there will soon be another Y2K singer preparing to divorce. Preparing to divorce another couple, which is the Hi5 era, the 2000s, will also prepare to divorce another couple. So tomorrow, stay tuned for which couple is divorced."
Nat Kesarin Reviews eat fresh oysters, but people focus on the tease.|Zap Seed has always won the hearts of fans. For sexy actress Nat Kesarin Chaichalermpol Post a picture on social media and it's hot. The fire burns regularly. Like and tease the latest sexy spiciness. Nat Kesrin reveals his passion again. Post a clip to IG Story Reviews eat oysters fresh with a thumbs up and say it's delicious, but this event, besides the oysters, is so appetizing that many people swallow saliva. The dress he was wearing was so sexy that it caught his eye. The focus is on the patroned style, which is a very concave outfit in both the upper and lower sections, especially the highly concave suspension up to the buttocks. As he said, it's hot. Find a dress to match the air.  
J Jetrin Cancelled concert press conference, was there any speculation about the rumors?|It's still an ongoing issue. When a celebrity page posted a big bomb message to the celebrity couple who had already signed their divorce papers, they were surprised. There are many couples that have been linked a lot, including the pair of J Jetrin and Pin Kejmanee, many of whom are still waiting to hear the answer from their mouths. In addition to the list of J Jetrin as the artists who will be attending the press conference on this historical phenomenon, in a letter inviting the press to attend the GMM MUSIC x RS MUSIC press conference, the first official collaboration press conference of the 2 major labels 'GRAMMY and RS' to create an unprecedented historical musical phenomenon. The event was attended by many famous artists from both camps, including J Jetrin, Taj Na Takuatung, Moss Patipan, Tao Somchai, Tata Young, Nook Suthida, 2002. Nightshade, Kat, Yaya Yin, Belle, Wa Wah, Girly Berry Gibsy Giftsa, Belle, Nanny, Peck Chumchok, Ice Defender, Dan Beam, Am, Mam Bo, Pan, New Tiny, Aof Pongsak, Dang Pankorn, Jok Sokool and Fluk Steam will be held on March 28, 2023.
Taew-Hisonai takes 2 families to have birthday dinner, fans secretly win good news|It's a sweet couple who have been in a relationship for a while. For the young heroines Taew Nataporn Temiruk and Hiso Young Nai Pranai Pornprapa, the more days you see their sweetness through social media. Many people are excited when the couple will have good news and the latest Taew-Hisonai holds a good birthday celebration of Hisonai, taking both families to have a birthday dinner together, which Taew posted a warm photo between the 2 families and wrote, "Wish all your journey would be full of love laugh and happiness na ka Happy Birthday @pranaip", which means "May all your journey be filled with love, laughter and happiness". Many people are secretly hoping for good news as well, but this event will have to wait and see.
Open the truth, divorced couples are silent, still do not tell anyone because they are worried about important feelings.|Being watched by society for days For the news story, the entertainer has a broken bed, quietly signing the divorce papers. After catching the man secretly having a gig, which has many clues released for netizens to guess, and also went to open the warp, messing with many girls, finding out that it was the third singer of the 90s, divorced his wife recently. Page 108 He released more clues for netizens to follow, stating, "Ahhh THE REASON FOR THE DIVORCE IS BECAUSE OF THE CONCERN FOR THE FEELINGS OF THE YOUNGEST CHILD", AMONG THE NETIZENS WHO CAME TO COMMENT A LOT, SUCH AS "IF YOU ARE REALLY WORRIED ABOUT NOT DOING THIS, YOU ARE WORRIED ABOUT NOT DOING IT IN THE FIRST PLACE, YOUR CHILD IS PLAYING ON THE PHONE, WHICH COUPLE IS SUMMING UP?" ETC.
Praewa Nichapat made a fire in a two-piece swimsuit posing in the tub.|Having said that, the bigger the beauty, the sexier it gets every day. NICHAPAT CHATCHAIPOLRAT, EVEN THOUGH THERE IS A NEW GUY NOW, STILL REVEALS THE SAME HEART-MELTING ZEST AS THE SPONSORED LIKE THE LAST SET PHOTO AT PRAVA. Nichapat posted on his personal instagram account @nichaphatc a picture of him wearing a two-piece swimsuit with a pose in the bathtub. With a bright smile and a good observation, you will see the tattoo on the side of the body as well.  Among the comments from people in the entertainment industry who are willing to tease, such as Koi Arachporn "Suayyyyyyyyyy
Air Bhandila happy show off her husband Saipay Thank you for taking care of others.|Many girls will definitely be jealous of Air Bhandila because recently he came to show off the virtues of her husband Ice Ratchasit that is a saipay husband, taking care of the life of the air girl very well. The past air conditioner life will have to take care of the man, but when he comes to ice, he will always come to see the air. It feels like life has changed. Looks grown up. Life is very happy. Luckily, that night he went down to dance at a friend's birthday party, and he walked over and asked for his number, so he had already taken care of someone else in bed. Air said that her husband would be the one to indulge, and some days the air conditioner was tired, and told him to give him 3 minutes to do whatever he could as quickly as possible. You don't have to start at all. But if any day the air conditioner has time, he will say that it is cool, there are days when we are tired, he will say that it has been several days, that the air conditioner has died, the longest side is 25 days, it feels that the need for the air conditioner is gone. It's not like when I was a teenager when my hormones were surging. THE AIR CONDITIONER IS BROKEN, MAYBE BECAUSE IT WORKS A LOT, THE BRAIN IS TIRED, THE BED IS FOUND AND WANTS TO SLEEP, AND THE HUSBAND DOES NOT HAVE IT.
"GMM SHOW" featuring artists, "Rushing Under the Phase"|Take a trip south to enjoy the biggest music festival in the South "Chang Music Connection Presents "Rushing Under Phase" organized by GMM Grammy-affiliated Creative All Area, full of light and sound at The Pirate Park Water Park, Hat Yai. The event is full of fun for 2 stages, with more than 16 artists, the most in the SouthSPONSORED started happy at the beach stage with a group of new artists of Hat Yai blood. Wolftone Band Then came the queue Slapkiss. Violet Votier, Polycat, Tilly Birds, and Violet Birds are even more late in the night with the rock band Lomosonic. End with Rapper Villain Your Boy TJ Let's move on to the big stage to start the fun with the clear band. Let's continue with Big Ass with cocktail band, Palmy, Young Kala, Three Man Down, Potato. For more information, please visit FB/IG/TikTok/Twitter : @PoongTaiFest #พุ่งใต้เฟส #GMMShow #AllArea #ChangMusic Connection.SPONSORED
"Tina-Chalot" is not fateful, determined to conquer dreams in "One Day with Matthew"|Charlotte Austin and Tina Thanawan Wigg are two of the most recent Miss Grand Thailand presenters, Matthew Dean of the "One Day with Matthew, One Day Is Good" show. Invite 2 Girls go to the gym at Fitwhey Gym, Show DC, and take a tour of MGI Hall, the biggest event space for hot girls. Shalot explained about the peak of his life: "I was a singing person not because of it, but I tried to rehearse and try to train, after learning to sing and dance so hard that my boss saw the development, I realized that it was a project called The GRAND Concert: Charlotte Possible because "Fun" was possible. My first solo concert will be on March 31 at MGI Hall. I wanted to study management, I got scholarships in both Canada and New York, but I didn't have the opportunity to go to university because my family status was troubled. She gained experience working at a real estate company and went on to win the Miss Grand Thailand beauty pageant. 2022"Catch up all on "One Day with Matthew, One Day It's Good, Hit the Celebrity" tonight at 10.30pm on MONO29.
Nikki moved on. Koi Goboy is still hoping for reconciliation. Believing takes time.|The breakup of Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachporn has left fans sad, but many people still secretly want the couple to reconcile. Goboy livestreamed on Instagram to greet his fans, saying that only sport can heal their wounds. Now, I don't want Nikki to be on social media, I want to be with myself, and I also say that I'm prepared to take care of the young master so that I don't get caught off guard. To wait for Tails to reconcile. If he's a soulmate, he doesn't care about anyone spinning around, and he also says that Nikki is now constantly on the move, with Goboy saying that only sport will heal Nikki's wounds. Big Brother Nikki's driver says he now receives a salary in two ways: getting a salary from Nikki and getting Job to drive for Tails. Many people have asked if they would remove the tattoos of Tails and Nikki. The big brother said that it is not negative, although the couple is separated. Tails and Nikki are no. 1, the only way is to amputate their arms, so Goboy teases that it's still there, and shows a tattoo called GOY that it's still separated, but the tattoo is still the same. I don't want the news, everything is over, it's all over in one clip, everything ends beautifully. After this, Goboy wants everyone to encourage the couple, seeing that it may take time. Promise to take the best care of Nikki. It will make the son the best, the most ready. If one day he tails him. Frankly, I want to come back. Now we're moving forward. If any day he wants to come back. Tails is still searching for his heart. Give this goboy son another chance. spend Trust me, I don't listen to anyone scolding me for the clip. Bald bastard is like a good person. I tell everyone, it's content, I want to understand us. I asked it. What I want to know, I believe, understands. If he doesn't have a third hand. He doesn't have anyone, everything has a chance to come back. I'm not suing, I'm suing my lawyer, but don't get too carried away, it's too ugly. If he really cuts off each other. At least there is something that is a little connected, and secondly, the younger brother has Naila, I want everyone to understand that Goboy never despairs with this couple, still thinks that there is still a chance, as long as Naila is still the glue of the heart. He still drives, drives Tails, and the couple goes to find their identity first, to find their own heart first. Finally, if it's a real soulmate, it'll come back. I promise to take the best care of him. In anticipation of the mistress's return after Goboy posted a live clip to Instagram, many people who followed commented a lot. There's encouragement, there's hope. Tails and Nikki reconcile, wishing they had a good time, but many said that the content of the event could be made appropriate and respectful to their fans. We can design a lot of content, but it's encouraging to get back together in a better version.
"Boom-Bhumi The Star Idol" evokes the Y2K trend, delivering a new single "Full Max".|Draw a taut duo from the big stage who are capable of both singing and dancing. Boom-U.S. and Phum-Pongrachta, the champion and runner-up of The Star Idol, delivered the fun with their first duet "Full Max" with pop dance Y2K. Veteran music team Efu Narongsak and Gop Postcard sat on the producer's podium, grabbing PiXXie Mabel to perform MV and dancing with 2 boys, Boom and Phum Full Max. I didn't think we would be a real duo, and the charm of this song was that it had a 2000s vibe that was quite unique and had catchy lyrics, dancing and singing along to the full-max, fullmax, fullmax, and the day of the MV shoot, I was very excited because I got my brother Mabel PiXXie to play MV. I was surprised. This song is a fun love song about the clothes in front of our 3 of us, very full of Y2K. SPONSORED can follow and watch the latest music video singles Full Max of Boom-U.S. and Phum-Pongrachta on YOUTUBE : ONE31, oneMUSIC and follow the action on Facebook : OneMusic.
Eh, how did J-Pin delete the 22nd wedding anniversary post from IG?|The couple recently celebrated their 22nd wedding anniversary with the famous couple J Jetrin and Pin Kejmanee, who entered the wedding gates on Jan. 27, 2001. On the occasion of their 22nd wedding anniversary, J posted an old photo with Pin and wrote a short caption "Happy 22nd Anniversary". The netizens are worried about what happened to the couple, but it's just hidden or deleted, and what the relationship is like now. We'll have to wait for both of them to clarify.
Former celebrity hero Let's choose to love someone whose habits are not sexual. Open your heart to love young men.|When I was off work, I went home with my best sister, who is the mother of the entertainment industry, and I lived for many generations, from the 90s until the last baby tooth era. The details of this story are as follows: "The former famous hero used to have shocking news in the industry. Most recently, he has chosen to follow his heart. He opened up to a young man and turned into a big jee to open a restaurant in the famous market area. Take your business with your boyfriend seriously because Hee chooses to love someone whose habits are not sexual. The former hero is still active in the industry. Getting a job as a male actor is as dark as ever." In a changing era The love of this generation is not just about women being paired with men. A man has to be paired with a woman, but we can feel good about anyone and open up to each other. Let's just say congratulations on a new love.
M. Topaz posted the latest photo after his face, so beautiful that he still couldn't believe it.|Normally pretty bang anyway, but when the YouTuber girl M. Topaz Wongkham lao The beloved daughter of a famous comedian. Mum Jok Mok went to the face again, I must say that it is even more beautiful. AS YOU CAN SEE FROM THE FACT THAT YOU KEEP UPDATING THE IMAGE AFTER THE PAGE UP, YOU CAN SEE THAT EVEN IF THE PAGE IS NOT IN PLACE, IT IS STILL BEAUTIFUL. M Topaz posted the latest photo after months of upphor, which includes a new nose to look more beautiful than before. It also fills the forehead, injects fillers, Botox and Altera. It's called a full-fledged dress, and this event comes in a beautiful dress. This look is very sweet, giving you 10 full points, which even you yourself can't believe your eyes that this is really yourself. At present, the caption reads, "Is this me? Am I really?" amid comments from industry friends and fans who all said in the same voice that it was very beautiful, very soft, mommy, really beautiful like shouting, etc.
Mint gets bombarded after clearing drama for famous heroine The netizens have understood Mak.|After the young heroine, Mint Chalida, comes out to clear the drama of the heroine's gang. M. sat on YouTube of Mai Davika and Mew Nitta and Margie Rasri and talked about the knot at an event until Bella Rani was subjected to a lot of drama, which Mint has already cleared that it was a mistake and did not take care of the content thoroughly enough. When recording the clip, I didn't think it would be mined because it wasn't an acronym, it was a mistake to think too little. Apologizing for what happened, Je Moy 108 summed up the point Mint Chalida gave to the press, saying, "It was a content mistake that we weren't careful about//didn't think it would be mined. We don't know, and we can be cautious, think too little, work with people on the channel, work with anyone. We don't talk to people who are alluded to. We talked to friends in the clip #อิพิมเมียทนายเจมส์"Many people who followed and saw the post came to criticize it. UNCONSCIOUS, EVEN IF YOU ARE THE POINTER, SOME OF THE DRAMA IS LINKED BACK TO MAK PRIN AS WELL, SUCH AS SPONSORED- YOUNG, NOT CONSCIOUS- WE DON'T THINK WE'RE BEING DUG UP/WE DON'T TALK TO THE PERSON WHO IS BEING ALLUDED TO... It's not too late a year, Mak, now karma is working- that's the person, it's true, it's over, he's in trouble, he should apologize- he's the same person. Answer in a high-class style - go call Mak come quickly!!!- I used to dislike mak. Now I understand, and I'm really happy with Mak. Team- "We don't talk to people who are being alluded to. We only talk to friends in the clip" Ahhh!!-!!!hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Lee's mother From people who used to catch millions, but now there is not a penny.|It used to be famous and talked about a lot in the social world for Shati Bungavalai Kongkwan, also known as Mae Ying Lee. Phra Maha Devi, the lord of Thip, recently wielded his best friend Thip Maya Linda to open the center of the show. On PPTV Channel 36, he talked about how his life has changed now, from the front of his hand to the back of his hand. Unfortunately, the problem is overwhelming. Owed more than half a million both in and out of the system, and came back to sell cream, did not rise, was bullied by netizens, and even chased to see the condition of himself, wanting to talk about how life is like at this time?", now it is a very bearish period for us. There are debts but no jobs coming in, jobs shrinking, jobs disappearing, so we don't have the money to support our families or even have money to support ourselves. I can tell you that Sister Lee is very stressed right now. "How long has it been since I didn't have a job?", it's been over a year since COVID. It's not the same. Our revenues have dropped a lot because of our silence, but we still want everyone to try and open up to hiring us. WE STILL WANT TO HAVE A WAY TO MAKE A LIVING." What was the origin of the trend?", "What happened from the hair clips, the content that clipped me, and then veen nong thip"And how much work did we have during the boom?" We have a lot of work. There's work coming in every day, but now all the work we've been getting is gone." What have you been missing?" Sell dried seafood, but can't sell for a long time, sell it and find drama saying that ours is dirty. Enough is gone from the current work. No matter what we do, it's ruined, we're discouraged, "How much debt do we have right now?" In total, about 500,000 baht. Since people used to catch millions, no matter what they do, there are always people to support, so we want to work to get the money out of debt." How much do you earn?", in the past, we had a monthly job of 200,000 baht or more. Nowadays, we can't find ten thousand dollars", afraid people will see us as extravagant. I don't know how to save money?", I can say that at that time we got the money, we spent it on clearing debts, taking care of mom, taking care of the family, having a wedding. Now I have to sell the car. Life is back to zero," seeing that now creams are being made for sale. What's the trend?", netizens have come to bully various things that are not on the cover. Look at the presenter and don't want to buy some creams that are not worth using, while we are selling, there will always be these things coming in. We lived for hours and still couldn't sell a jar. We are black like this, black is hereditary. But bullying, racism, we can get past it."Leave something to the fans or everyone who is watching us?", I want to start by asking for encouragement from the fans, from the sponsors, the businesses to come back and support us as before. Our Veen page still exists, and once the audience was 1,000 or more, it probably wasn't trending. But our Page can promote products for you, and the rates aren't expensive. WE WANT TO COME BACK AND SUPPORT US A LOT".SPONSORED
Prajakchai posted to Ae Mira After interfering until he was imprisoned by the court, Krupaiboon |After the court sentenced him to imprisonment. Mr. Mall Prajakchai Haithong Owner of Golden Jar record label Records The famous songwriter for 4 years and 16 months without parole and ordered to pay 1 million baht in damages to Krupaiboon Saengduan. Prajakchai Haithong posted a message about the matter, saying, "#ช่วยเอ๋ Mirama has been facing a defamation case. Thank you for all your support. I don't regret it because I helped a black-eyed woman get bullied. I've been charged with lese majeste, and I've been charged with depriving a minor. "SPONSORED," he added, adding, "I'm going to interfere with myself, I want to help #SAVEประจักษ์ชัย and #SAVEเอ๋มิรา too#SAVE Prajakchai #SAVEเอ๋ Mira Help a skinny, black-eyed woman. The meat is not eaten, the skin is not seated, the shift is sleeping, the relatives are not. "Many of the people who followed have also commented and asked for a lot of encouragement for Mrs. Prajakchai.
Bo-Bam Sadly, I lost my mother, I was very tired and slept well.|It is a huge loss in the life of 2 sisters Bam Janista and Bo Chayada Liuchalermwong. WHEN MRS. SIRIYADA WORAWAN'S MOTHER PASSED AWAY WITHOUT RETURNING, THE COUPLE POSTED PICTURES AND MESSAGES TO THEIR LATE MOTHER ON SOCIAL MEDIA SPONSORED ON BO'S INSTAGRAM @bo_achi Chayada posted a picture of her mother with a bright smile and wrote, "Goodbye to my beautiful mom. #boandmom #bochayada Bo's older sister, Bam Janista, posted a picture with her mother in the caption I will always love you mom Mr. Siriyada Worawan (1948-2023) and wrote the caption "#bamjanistaandmom #bamjanista2023" with a black hand emoji and heart. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to express our condolences.
Min Pechaya provided Posted a photo of the couple after being blurred.|Previously, it took a single person to die smooth. When the young heroine Min Pechaya Wattanamontri Posted a picture of a new guy last Valentine's Day. It's called a clear declaration that the heart is now pink again. But the picture posted is blurry. FANS ARE SAYING THAT CAN I ASK FOR A CLEAR PICTURE? He posted another photo with the young man on Instagram @minpechaya with the caption, "Say the last photo is blurred, so I posted a clear picture", which is when Min and sweetheart sit side by side. Amidst the beautiful view from srithan pond. Khon Kaen University, which is the home province of Miss Min, but this event made fans say if I could see this young man's face clearly, because the picture, although clear, was true, but turned away from the camera. 5555, try to pretend to turn a little, turn your face, ask for a picture of your face clearly, see this, you know that you are handsome, let's go to the lake now, etc.
Open the tattoo, pin kejmanee, show clearly the minute the needle is down. Zoom in and read the most heartbreaking message.|In addition to standing for beauty. The 49-year-old mother-of-three's sexiness is second to none. The latest move is moving again. By posting new images and clips to private Instagram by that photo and clip. Mae Pin posted a picture of a tattoo with his name in English and his 3 children: Prince, Chao Khun, Chao Samut. Down to the back, including a minute clip of a heartbreaking catchphrase like "Self Love", which means to love yourself among fans who come to comment on beautiful tattoos and send a lot of encouraging messages.
Nun Suttipa reveals that Nikki is not flirting, but will eat at all.|For actress-YouTuber Nun Suttipa Kongdee, who was linked to a relationship with a young host in a good mood, Nikki Nachat Chantaphan recently joined the show "Don't Testay at Pat" with the host Pat Nappa. Are there any DM stars to flirt with, but only some of them? If the person we see publicly has a girlfriend, then it will not answer at all. Delete it. But we don't really want to mess with him. Let go of your aunt, Pat asked, last time Nikki's show, did he ever flirt? "It's not called flirting, it's called eating (laughs), it's not a pattern to flirt with, but it's been a long time since I've seen Tails." Pat asks what Nikki's pattern is. "When he got drunk, he said, "I'm going back to my room with you, and I'm confused. (Laughter.) But when it talks to us, it doesn't stutter. If you don't stutter, it's true. If stuttering, it is still hesitant. We finally got in a taxi and fled, but now we're friends. I asked if I had a call to tell me about being drunk. No, just let it go. If we meet face to face, we talk again, but we don't say anything, we know everything, we don't think about it, because we're so close," Pat asked again, now single. "I'm single now, but I've had people talk for a long time, not even a year, but more than 6 months, I'm going to be divided into serious talking parts, talking as a team. Asked how many people were talking to the whole team, probably 5-8, there was a ranking, but the whole raft was just talking. I didn't see it, but if I'm serious, I'll see you," Pat teased, and how did the young dad have a tattoo on his back? When I talk to a guy, I'll put myself in the first place to know what I'm like. Can't get it, it's gone. Because when the focus is on dating, the status of being a fan, we will be another person, will be interested, will be nervous - whether there will be gibbons to mess with or not. It's more comfortable, it's going to cross the wedding line, but can you skip to get married?
M. Apinan recounts the minutes of his life, an accident caused by heavy snow that almost fell into the abyss in Japan. |Earlier, actor M. Apinan shared his experience of driving in Japan but was involved in an accident due to heavy snowfall that nearly crashed into Japan via his Instagram. RECENTLY MET THE FATHER OF TWINS AT DISNEY ON ICE MICKEY AND FRIENDS AT IMPACT ARENA. Asked about the incident further, he told him that the accident occurred while visiting Japan. What happened? We drove to a ski resort. On the way back, we still enjoyed the trip, but it was a snowy day in the wrong season. The people there are also puzzled. We drive. At the time of the incident, the road was snowy. At that time it was a little hilly, and then the car lost control, the road was slippery, the wheels were all stiff, so the car was tilted down, which we couldn't do anything, and then the car stopped. When I turned to look at the side of the car, it was an abyss. The people in the car sat in silence, no one cried. At that time, I could only pray for all the monks (laughs), come back from a fun trip and come across this, it feels bad too, but it was an accident, we understand that it can happen. At that time, if the car really fell, it wouldn't have died because of a lot of trees, but there was a lot of pain, but we were frustrated and shared because of the insurance officer, he should have rushed to help us, but he was more worried about his car. It's not like Thailand has motorcycle insurance. There was only one policeman who came to witness the incident, but because of the language, I didn't know anything about it. We were there for 3 and a half hours. From 3pm to 8pm, but it's nice that the police are always with us. And the insurance will keep us there all night. That's frustrating. We didn't pay anything extra because we bought all the insurance, but we paid a lot for the phone because we called. Contact someone who speaks Japanese to help coordinate (laughs). SPONSORED, HAVE YOU ENCOUNTERED THIS SITUATION WHEN YOU WERE GOING ABROAD AND RENTING A CAR TO DRIVE? (SMILING) I still want to go again. It's just that we know that language is very necessary. Before you go, be prepared with a friend or someone who can communicate in Japanese if there is anything to call. Come and ask for help, or you need to have your embassy number attached. We never thought anything like this would happen to us, and this was the first time an accident occurred when we were on a trip. We rented a car and drove around. But this is the first time I've had an accident. I used to drive when it was snowing, but I never experienced anything like this, so I was scared for a split second when the car was flowing. The sight of the car spinning 180 degrees remains unforgettable, and the minute he told us to stay in the car all night on the hill, that's what I couldn't feel. You have to find a way out. When I came back, everyone was shocked that this was happening because we felt that the Japanese were ready to help us all the time. We've never met a japanese person who wasn't cute to wear. It's the first time I've seen this, but when I talked about it, I felt like post-COVID. People may be more stressed. Japanese people are also more aggressive. A little less cute in some people, not everyone, but very cute, there are still a lot of them (smile). And I like to rent a car and drive, I have to check everything to be sure. Are tires suitable for driving in the snow? If there is an incident, which number to call, and the phone, I want to be able to open the phone as well, not just the internet, because if there is a real emergency, it must use the phone to communicate. And here I got thousands of phone bills. Because when the accident happened, we called. I can't. You have to be prepared at the same time. 
Bruised Lulu Arsiam releases Ho confession, used to cheat on her husband, almost did not get married.|The wedding is over. For girls, Lulu Arsiam or Lulu. Duangrudee After dating her boyfriend outside the industry for 20 years, Lulu took the hand of her boyfriend Suchart to reveal her love path through the table show "Mam" with the host of her mother, Mam Surivipa, and confessed to having committed crimes against her husband. Lulu: I have to say that we have been dating him since he hasn't entered the industry, until one day we entered the industry, there are acquaintances, there is money, everything comes in, and we don't know the word narcissistic, indulgence. We don't know, we follow everything. When we went to a concert to meet a guy, I felt like this guy was so touching. My husband was at home and we said to him that he didn't want to be alone with his husband: At first we were shocked, we thought that he was angry, but noticed his behavior, he changed during that time, which was a lot of work, he would not go home because it went north to south, it took about two weeks to come home. So we knew he had changed, so we sat down and talked, but he refused to tell, but he said that he wanted to be alone. EVERYONE WARNED US BUT WE DIDN'T LISTEN, BECAUSE WE COULD ONLY GO, SPONSORED HOW DO WE GET BACK TO MY HUSBAND?LU: WE KNEW IT WASN'T GOING TO BE OUTSIDE. Instead, it makes us feel like we're going to lose a guy who's always together. He was a good man, never made any mistakes with us, but went to another person, it wasn't love, it was a fleeting indulgence, so I called him and asked him how he was doing, husband: At that time, he had Lala call and asked how it was because he would block all my numbers, which I couldn't contact. Lap said someone wanted to talk to him. I knew in my heart that it was probably him, because it was also a bond. It's been seven years. When I knew he was going to talk to me, I talked, and he said he would come back. I said if I can't stay, I'll come back. Lulu: I think if they didn't wait for me that day, and if I hadn't decided to come back, I wouldn't have had a rat today, and what we've built together since we didn't have anything (crying). If he doesn't forgive me, I don't hurry to pull him back, and I'm not married. I felt very guilty. I said that if I could go back in time, I wouldn't do it, and what I did, I don't know which one is the truth, or which one is deceiving in my life. Lulu: When we came back, we were wondering if there would be another woman when we went to work, because we used to do that. Husband: Lala is the one who planned it all, but he started to get interested, Lulu: She's a surprise to be interested too, because kneeling down to propose marriage shouldn't be his moment, because I know that this guy isn't sweet at all, he's a very sincere person. So it's all Lala's planning. If he didn't actually love us, he wouldn't have planned to propose to us. I think the whole world needs to go through this. If we meet a man who really loves us, we must either have a kneeling moment to propose or not to kneel. Let us marry someday, something like this. Lulu: The amount of time we've been dating, it's been an answer to me that if it wasn't for this guy, I wouldn't have married. It's what we do. Choose the good one, because every time we suffer together, we are together. When I was sick, he took care of me. HE NEVER ISSUED ANY MEDIA, HE GAVE EVERYTHING.SPONSORED
DJ Man doesn't forget to serve her husband on his 35th birthday.|It's called the 35th birthday anniversary quickly. Singer Baitoey Arsiam or Baitoey Sutheewan Kunchon, who every year she comes out to throw a birthday party, does something crazy, but this year is different from previous years, because her beloved husband, DJ Man Pattanapol Kuncharn Na Ayutthaya, took his wife and daughter to make merit at Wat Pho. Thank you for being the mother of your children, the most graceful and beautiful. AFTER THIS, UNTIL ETERNITY," SPONSORED BAITOEY IMMEDIATELY COMMENTED, "THANK YOU, DAD. And DJ Man replied, "@bitoeyrsiam always love mom." Pandan girls are a lot.
Mother's breast, Pin Kejmanee, reveals her latest feelings and tags about her 3 sons|It is another family that many people are paying a lot of attention to right now for Pin Kejmanee Vattanasin and his girlfriend J Jetrin Vattanasin, as well as his 3 handsome sons. That said, it's a good-looking model from your parents. Mae Pin posted a thought-provoking post again. When he shared the clip on his personal Instagram story and tagged his 3 children, "My boss, Chao Khun and Chao Samut" with the English message "i wish i cloud hug you right now But I cannot so i'm sending you this video", which translates into Thai as "I want to hug you now, but I can't, so I pass this video to you". MAE PIN'S INSTAGRAM POSTS ARE MANY.SPONSORED
Peck Sanchai commented to J Jetrin. The woman in front of the stage looks familiar (clip)|He regularly posts clips of concert scenes for dance singer J Jetrin Varthanasin, and there is one clip he recently posted after singing on stage. It was revealed from the backstage before performing a fun dance among the fans who were crowded with dancers, but the event caught the eye of the comments of young businessman Peck Sannchai himself. J Jetrin's best friend, who said "there's a girl in front of the stage who looks familiar" and put a sweaty emoji and tagged it to IG @sineenart_engtrakul, which is the ig of Pukky Sininath. Then Pukky Sininat commented to his brother saying "It's a little fun 55" with sweat emojis and heart-shaped eyes, before J replied to the couple, "@sineenart_engtrakul it's over, please give me 1 more song, my sister @pegliyah", and Peck commented, "I'll see you tomorrow, maybe I'll ask for 2 songs".
Benz Punyaporn Turn on the sweet moment, couple, boyfriend. Cheering on the sidelines after winning the championship|Earlier, social media screamed after actress Benz Punyaporn Poonpipat released a photo of her boyfriend, Cap Witnath Varthanakul. While watching the special football final between Manchester United and Newcastle United in England. Benz Punyaporn also came out to nail the sweetness with her boyfriend, showing off her framed moments with various sweethearts. On special days, via private Instagram regularly. I can't make fans happy with the latest sweetness. Benz also posted cute moments to cheer her boyfriend on. Young Cap on the sidelines I would like to send my heartfelt message to the fans of the ITF World Tennis Masters 40 event via their personal Instagram account, with the caption stating, "Won the ITF World Masters Championship, looked to have a heart attack, the final race lasted 4 hours, and the cramps ate 2 legs and was led 5-1 in set @royalcliff @golf_royalcliff #คนเชียร์ตัวเกร็งไปด้วย #ลุ้นสุด #ครั้งแรกที่ชนะ3.
Who do you know, the hero is naked, the eyes are floating, the mouth is crooked, the stomach is upside down. Abrupt change|From the point of the news, "Lightning strikes, the hero who convulsed in the middle of the film set, until the team behaved, some bulked, some late, but the dont care team was puzzled. In the end, he got the hero Mon to plug in the movie instead, even though Lukes didn't, but he's willing to fight "the latest in the sacrifice. The film Na Na Thong Camp Ariyafilm On the side of Thipthida Panithijaroonroj, the camp executive has also opened up about the above news. By confirming that it is their own set from Khun Chanont. Change to Jack Blackjack and explain why, "Cue is sick. The team saw that she had a long mouth that was twisted, convulsed, and turned upside down. This causes them to have to change, fearing having health problems again. When I talk to you. HE SAID IT WAS LIKE GETTING HIT BY A GHOST, BUT THE MOVIE HAD TO BE FILMED, SO I GOT JACK TO PLAY INSTEAD." He didn't follow the news. I don't know about this, I personally know about fattening, but I didn't ask. He was given this duty, did his job, and was more concerned about his feelings. In addition, there is no interchangeability. But there's a little bit of a script adjustment to fit in".
"Prairie-Priwan" is so beautiful. "Nikki-Nachat" stunned!|Ha Unlimited Company This week, the beautiful guest "Prairie Priwan" made a hilarious debut after announcing that "I'm not single anymore", happy the world is pink and rubbing the pearls with the gang. The company is fully integrated. Starting with the scene of "Harid", Prairie has to play the role of "Intern Rider Girl", the new partner of "Atai", making her debut by delivering things to the house. "Nikki", but the beauty is so touching, the little master, splashes pearls!! Until Prairie SAY "YOU CAN'T GET PAID TODAY, IT'S WORTH IT", BUT WHY AND WHO IS WORTH FOLLOWING, FOLLOWED BY THE HA SHOWROOM SCENE, WHICH OPENS WITH THE SWEET WEDDING SCENE OF "PRAIRIE-NIKKI". Stay tuned for this Saturday at 1pm on Thairath TV Channel 32.
"Jenny-Narumon". Open your first sexy fashion shoot!|Beautiful summer Miss Grand Thailand 2019 and Miss InterContinental 2019 will be photographed in a sexy fashion shoot for the first time in their lives for "RUSH Fantasy". Jane is usually someone who exercises a lot about eating. Sleep must be fully rested. More recently, Jane has been shooting my next doll X2 for MONO with SPONSORED. "This event is not to be missed, "RUSH Fantasy" on Saturday, March 25 at 8:00 pm on RUSH Stories, press 203 on box 3BB GIGATV, along with other channels to follow on Facebook page and RUSH Stories YouTube channel.
James Jirayu hits the shoulders of celebrities at the launch of a new collection of luxury watches (clip)|The hottest is not for the handsome young hero James Jirayu. Tang Srisuk, a famous actor from Thailand, was recently honored to attend the launch of a new collection for luxury watch brand OMEGA in London, England. In addition to James Jirayu, there were many celebrities patting their feet in attendance. These include Influencer Léna Mahfouf, American model and actress Kiko Mizuhara, British actress Olivia Cooke, Mexican actress Diego Calva, British actor Theo James, and Nicholas McCarthy. British actor and singer Nicholas Galitzine revealed how he felt during his travels: "I'm on my way to the event, and nobody knows where the event is. How is it organized? What you know is when to get in the car and how to dress all black, everyone is very excited to see how the event concluded." sponsored This event we have clips and pictures of James Chi who attended the event for fans to see.
Find out the quick TYTAN 1st EP "Your Call", 4 songs of Taitan that must be included in the playlist.|More than commitment The more advanced stages of dedication, I can see from this young man, TYTAN, Tai Tan. Tytan Teepprasan is a talented artist-songwriter from Big Boss Kueng Chalermchai's Four One One Entertainment Co., Ltd. Mahakitsiri Because in the past, he always proved that his love of making music is a soul and wants to seriously complete his career as an artist after counting down with fastidious content for more than 10 days. The first EP "Your Call" (TYTAN 1st EP "Your Call") was released on March 23rd, featuring three new tracks, Your Call (On You). The punk rock soundtrack introduces a new side of Tai Tan, who transitions from a young age to adulthood with a stubborn, canine-inviting character / Wish Wish, a fun R&B pop-style fanatical song with a fun rhythm, and wants to move gently with the melodies and wants to move her status as a person. Have you ever met someone who likes to give you hope, even if he loves someone else, so you can only pray to really love us / Angel, a soft pop song about a young man who is shaken by a young woman who is out of reach. I don't dare to look for it, but I ask if I love it. Presented through the beautiful melodies and unique vocals of Tai Tan. All Night (feat. Loco) debuted an R&B/hip-hop single released to everyone as a full-fledged solo artist in mid-2022 and was included on the EP with the four sponsored tracks in TYTAN 1st EP. Since writing lyrics, composing melodies, arranging music, working with Korean and Thai production teams, which are 1,000% intentional, putting a lot of energy into every song, "Ask which song I like the most, I can't really choose because I am fully committed to every song, doing one song at a time and fully focused on every song. If there's going to be a little bit of a surprise, it's going to be a genre that everyone probably didn't think I'd be doing this genre (smiling), so let's leave it to everyone to follow the new song in TYTAN 1st EP 'Your Call'," said Tytan. Don't forget to listen to all the music streaming platforms and watch the music video for "Your Call" today on https://youtu.be/hyclxXyPm7M Which song do you like the most, don't forget to tell them via the hashtag #YourCallTYTANงานนี้ต้นสังกัด Four Days also serve fans with all their hearts. Simply create any type of content on the TikTok platform using your call (located on her) - TYTAN Then fill in the contact information and attach your TikTok clip link to https://bit.ly/TYTAN-YourCall-CallToYou You can join the event from now – 3 April 2023 with unlimited clips. Many creators have the right to resonate with Tai Tan and his team, and win 5 lucky winners to get a VDO Call with Tai Tan. WELL, HOW GOOD WOULD IT BE IF OUR GUY WAS ON THE CALL SIDE!!SPONSORED
Beyond Ford-Ahn Rising Star Performers Show off your first pick-up moments|The screams of the fans who greeted them were overwhelming. For the sweet-faced handsome guys, rising stars from GMMTV, Ford Aran Asavasubsakul and Ahn Naphat Patcharachavalit, who showed their best moments together in the atmosphere of First Sales Day with AIS 5G and OPPO. With the unexpected response of the innovative folding smartphone that appeals to Y2K teenagers, the event is also accompanied by hot young influencers such as Y2K. Dr. Oop Thanadol Wongsaardsakul The doctor, who is famous for the medical and fantasy series 'Triash The Series', shares his experience of using OPPO Find N2 Flip with fans who come to enjoy the event in a friendly way.
Bella Answered after being tethered to the heroine M. Understand, there are praises and gossip (clip)|Being linked to a hot topic about the heroine gang, M. talked about the star Guncine for a while. For the young heroine, Bella Rani Campen, who in the social world has dug up old clips when Bella and the gang of heroines. New Davika, Mew Nitta, Mint Chalida attended one of the events, causing a wave of drama and criticism, while Margie Rasri directed to clear with Bella. After being linked to a star knot he didn't want to work with, Margie reiterated that it wasn't Bella. Recently, Bella Rani attended the "Win every game eat all over Thailand, only at Grab" event at Central World Square B. "The truth is, I didn't look at it all by myself, but when I found out about it, I was quite surprised by what happened. For Bale When we met, we had a good conversation. And Bale didn't have a problem with anyone either. As for the content that happened. Bale asked not to comment anymore, and Bale didn't want to go any further. I don't want to say anything that hurts other people." "Well, as I said, it's a bit of a surprise, but for Belna, Bale feels that everyone is the same industrymate, even though we may not be close, but we grew up in the same field, we always see each other. So no matter what the drama is with Bale or someone else, Bale is uncomfortable. I don't want to have a point like this"Confirm there is no problem with anyone?"Yes, for Bale is never a problem"There are clips from the past, what does Bale say?", that work has been going on for a very long time. Enough of everyone digging up the clip. Share the clip, Bale sees it and Bale shys himself (laughs). Everyone, don't talk about it, don't share it anymore. "A lot of people think it's a fight, but it's actually caused by our skirts being torn, so we have to change it?" Bale didn't want to say anything, because we probably wouldn't remember all the details. I don't want to say anything better," the organizer clarified on our behalf, "What's the matter?" I asked if that was the case, and I said I didn't want to say anything further, afraid it would hurt anyone. As I said, Bale doesn't want to talk about that day anymore, "In fact, it may not happen, but people may misunderstand themselves?", this is on the part of others, Bale does not know, but personally Bel Bale believes in the principle of dharma 8, there is good fortune, there is degradation, there is degradation, there is happiness, there is suffering, so there are praises, there is gossip. Bale is an ordinary human being, but we're just asking us to believe that we're committed to goodness. Dharma guides life. That's it, Bale is ok," seeing that Margie sent a message?"Yes, there was Margie directing. I didn't talk to him," I said, "I didn't know anything about it at the time. "Besides Margie, did someone else send me a message?", "I haven't spoken to anyone about this incident?", "I'm afraid of misunderstandings?", "I don't know, but Bale knows what Bale did. WE BELIEVE IN WHAT WE DO, WE DON'T DOUBT OUR ACTIONS." Do you feel stressed or stressed about why this is?", is Bale feeling that anything is beyond our control? We have to let it pass"Many people have demanded that all 4 of them apologize to us because they have not officially apologized to us?", this one Bale does not know, it is someone else, but personally, Bale feels that in work or life, we take responsibility for ourselves, focus on ourselves, do our best. Don't get people in trouble. So what's out of control, we just have to let go, "What's the atmosphere like when you're working?" It's normal," I said, "never a problem?" "Do you think there's a fight in the entertainment industry?" Let's face it, every job is scary. There's something like this together. There are obstacles to face. No matter what the profession is, Bale believes that there must be, "How do we deal with things that come our way?" Are we going to have any doubts that this might happen again?" Bale has a core to lead Bale's life. Bale knows what Bale is doing"It means that people will keep an eye on it, are we afraid?", "We're normal for us like this." Maybe people will be watching more?", let's cheer a lot (smile) March 26, I'm waiting for the surprise"With what happened, so let's just say that we don't have any other industry friends?", is that with Bale's work. Bale's free time is very small. Bale chose to use it with people who were really close, such as with her mother, family, close people, close friends who studied together. Other than that, it's time to sleep. Bale rarely hangs out with people who aren't close, so he probably doesn't see that picture"But before that, people were keeping a close eye on the Mo Bua Sour group?", Bale said about working with him so he didn't see each other (people say the gang is broken, but really, isn't it?) I don't have a lot of free time"Would you like to thank the fans for protecting us?"Thank you so much everyone for being so worried about Bale. Thank you so much for all the encouragement. All the messages (raise your hand)".
Um Lakkhana also collects silicone breasts that have been dissected. How did you wear it before?|But because it caused various health problems, including back pain, spreading to the shoulders, neck, migraines, and hunchback, the sexy actress Um Lakkhana decided to have the doctor have surgery to remove the silicone on the chest. Which he said after removing it. My physical health has improved and my life has improved a lot. I couldn't think of anything wrong when I decided to remove the last one, Um Lakkhana, I found silicone on my chest, so I picked it up and looked at it, before trying to apply it to my chest and laugh. You can see that the silicone breasts that I used to wear were really big. The daughter, who saw her mother holding silicone on her chest, also asked to be touched. So my mom recorded the clip and posted it to IG StorySPONSORED, who said about the silicone she had worn, "Come home and find the silicone that I took off, it's still there, how did you wear it before, how big is it so big? My fake. She's still 325 cc Big Boom."
Bo Chayada posted a clip of her mother giving her one last hug in memory of her child's life.|It was a great loss in his life that made Bo Chayada Liuchalermwong. Very sorry. When moms Mr. Siriyada Worawan passed away without returning, and he posted a picture of his mother and wrote a message of mourning, including the schedule of his mother's funeral on his personal SPONSORED account. And the final hug between Bo and his mother, with the caption "The last hug, the most beautiful memory of my life, #boandmom #bochayada #achirawat #achi19yrs #กาลครั้งหนึ่งดีใจที่เราพบกัน", with many people in the entertainment industry and fans expressing their condolences and encouragement.  
Arresting a celebrity director for forcing a child to help him |There's another showbiz shock. After the police Bangkhen police detained the manager of a new male star. Rama 4 channel and modelling with several new actors in the company came to investigate at Bang Khen Police Station after being issued an arrest warrant in the Criminal Court. Charges of indecent acts against a person over the age of 15 for forcing obscenity to touch the genitals and abusing a student of an affiliated performance. Police arrested him at the residence of a famous teenage star in Watcharapol. It was used as a performance coaching facility in October last year. The victim, an 18-year-old male teenager, went to acting classes. The accused lived during a period of indecent stay at the victim's house in a private room. The investigation believes that in addition to the victim, there may be a few other acting students who committed similar indecent acts by checking the accused's mobile phone. Initially, they also found text messages that sexually assaulted the victim and sent flashy pictures to the victim. He admitted to teaching acting, but did not commit indecent acts, was bullied, would fight the case in court, and was not worried. The police will expedite the interrogation and expand on whether there are any additional behaviors that qualify as offenses and whether pornographic photographs or videos of the victims have been taken. The accused's mobile phone will be examined and will be taken to the Criminal Court by Monday, March 27, 2023. It was also found to be the owner of the bank account that accepted money transfers from acting school payers. The police are investigating whether they were involved in the offence by questioning the accused about the incident. The accused denied having committed indecent acts but was bullied and slandered by the victim. Trust to win the case for sure.
Black ants cleared the news, preparing to enter politics. The latter is the host on the famous party stage (clip).|It's a huge social buzz. When the host is loud Black ant Tancharoen He attended the event as the host of the inauguration of 33 candidates of the Pheu Thai Party, leading many to question whether the event was prepared to break the ceremony. TO PREPARE TO PLAY POLITICS LIKE YOUR FATHER? Black ant Let's be clear through the show "Unfold" on GMM25 channel when 2 hosts Bookko Thanachatphan and Not Wararit tease that today went to many stages. Have you lost your stage yet? So the black ant said, "Go to the event, calm down, be the host." He told Mina why he had gone. I think I got a lot of money. Black ant hurriedly said that he got 300, black ant clarified, "I will ask for space for my own program to answer the question, be the host huh, really take it on my own behalf, join the party, I used to say from the beginning that I will take my father (Suchart Tancharoen) to send to the Party for Thailand itself, so today I ask permission to answer the question that today I took my father to the Party for Thailand, and my profession has only one profession, the host, so I am the host here. People can apply. So I'm not in politics, I'm not a congressman, I'm still a news star, I'm still in the entertainment industry. I'm not going anywhere yet."
"Teenage Male Celebrities" Manager Forcing students to perform hornbills|Bangkhen police raided a luxury house worth more than 10 million baht from a famous teenage actor. The accused was arrested on a court warrant. Indecent acts committed against a person over the age of 15 were found to be compulsive behavior of an 18-year-old male student. The incident occurred in a house that opened as an acting school. On March 27, bangkhen police detained Mr. Thanapapol or S, 38, the manager of a rising star on rama 4 channel and modelling with several new actors, to investigate at Bang Khen police station after being issued an arrest warrant in the criminal court. Charges of indecent acts against persons over the age of 15 with compulsory indecent acts. Grabbing the genitals and holding the horns of the performing students in the affiliation. Police followed up and arrested him at the residence of a famous teenage star in Watcharapol. It was used as a place to teach acting during detention. Reporters tried to question the accused about the incident. The accused denied having committed indecent acts but was bullied and slandered by the victim. I am confident that I will win the case. Solar Shine The police commander investigating technology crimes 4 revealed that the accused had a career as a modelling and offered acting courses to teenagers who wanted to enter the industry. Using the house of a famous teenage star, costing more than 10 million, as a place to train people who come to study. The house at the scene of the accident has 2 floors and is divided into several private rooms. In October last year, the victim, an 18-year-old male teenager, went to an acting class at the home, and the accused lived when he was not physically present in a private room. The investigation believes that in addition to the victim, there may have been a few other acting students who were subjected to similar indecent acts. Initially, they found text messages that sexually assaulted the victim and sent flashy pictures to the victims. The accused continued to testify, admitting that he had actually offered acting classes, but did not commit indecent acts or bullying, which the police would speed up interrogation. Expand on whether there are any additional behaviors that qualify as offenses and whether pornographic photographs or videos of victims have been taken. The suspect's mobile phone will be examined and will be taken to the Criminal Court on Monday, March 27. It was found that he was the owner of a bank account that also accepted money transfers from pay for acting classes. Police are investigating whether they were involved in the offence.
Kwang The Face wears a nude one-piece swimsuit. The figure is beautiful and has a bright aura.|It's really more sexy for beautiful actress-model Kwang Wanpiya Omsinnopkul or Kwang The Face. Wearing a swimsuit to make your heart melt. The fire is burning because of its spicy taste. You see, you have to like it in a flash, the latest Deer The Face packs a bag to go to the beach again. Of course, swimsuit work must come again, as always. This time, despite coming in a one-piece swimsuit, it made a heartshake. It's a nude swimsuit that blends in with the smooth white skin tone of her eyes. And the back is concave, almost waist-deep. The lower part is very concave, although posing with the sand, but still very beautiful, very sexy, which he wrote the caption "Only mosquito bites" SPONSOREDThis work makes friends and fans flock to like this look in a row, along with comments such as cute jung, scratching, beating mosquitoes to be shy, seeing only beauty, not seeing mosquito bites at all, very beautiful, etc.
Actress "Ning-Chanya" with a challenging role in the movie "Sang Krasue 2"|Continuing the horror of Ning-Chanya McClure Actress Luke Cool plays the role of 'Hurry up' In the film "Sang Krasue 2", Neramit Film Camp and Transformation Film Camp invite fans to prove the legend of love for a new chapter between man and krasue. It is scheduled to be released on March 30th in theaters nationwide, and before Ms. Ning came to stir up the horror trend, she showed off her sweet and sour look for fans of "Malai Thai Rath" by the ghost of photographer: Noppadol Thamniyom @pongberryz Makeup artist: PUFFPOY and hairdresser: Balne Khunaroj Inner, a full-fledged model! It's like being a "professional". Really play. "Light 2" Ning Girl Admittedly, nothing is easy..."This chapter I like very much. The script is tough, but it's challenging. I think if we stay where we are, it's the same. But if we find something that we feel, huh! How do we try to get past our limits? When something like this comes in, it makes us think that we can go more than we see." "There's no better place to do it (laughs), it's something I've never done and I'm not even sure I'm doing well. When shooting, we were like monsters. It takes a lot of energy, I don't have to worry that it's hard because I'm excited, I'm ready to learn, I'm able to get on the sling as well, it's fun for me to try something new, the result is bruising for myself but fun." A young hero, a junior. Ms. Ning said that there is no problem, because she is a cute person, determined to endure makeup for 3-4 hours at a time, but not just JJ, but everyone has a long makeup. Wear a wig. Add Special Effects Put on a dress. Wear dentures, contact lenses come. How old is that...", this story is not full of CG. He tried to make it as real as possible. So he let us compose a special effect. The eye cannot see, rewarding the teeth. Really not difficult, but difficult, after that, the adhesive on dentures is very problematic for mice. I can tell you that I understand everyone who has to stick dentures that when they are glued, it is extremely difficult to remove. When I'm very hungry, I eat like that. This is the enemy," he said, when asked about the expectations of the light movie 2. Ning Girl "I don't dare to expect it because I'm afraid of disappointment, but deep down in my heart I hope that people will love it like I love it. The team is trying to do their best to make the best of the movie, it's enough, and he's listening to us. He doesn't have to. Ask me for my opinion because I'm really just an actor. When it comes to work, everyone shares as a team. Everyone asks for each other's opinions. He asked me what kind of clothes I wanted to wear so I could be confident. Thank you so much for honoring us"From the cool short-haired girl look of Ning-Chanya to her own identity, but she said that she didn't even mean to, but she cut her hair short because it started with a miscommunication. Cut off one of their fingers and that of the technicians are not equal. But then I had to shave my hair, so I started cutting my hair short. It became a personal preference for short hair. It's really easier to live with your lifestyle. It makes everything feel easier, just swiping around when playing sports, making everything easier, plus the habit of not being sweet is adventure-oriented. I like to have fun, to be excited, to challenge, to keep beating myself, to play new extreme sports, to go 30 meters rock climbing. I feel proud of myself, I can beat myself because rock climbing requires pure heartSPONSORED "Really, I'm not a good person that I can do, I'm a scared person, but I do it anyway (smile), I'm determined to do my best, even if it fails, I'm told I'm good, but we still feel that there are mistakes, just I'm going to try to improve myself. I've been disappointed a lot, lost a lot, but I don't give up. Most of the time it's about work, casting and then not being able to do it, we're heartache, but we can't do anything. I have to admit it", it's a life-fighting girl that many people admire and praise. Ning girl is a positive person. In spite of being seriously ill and even having surgery, I still smile and fight until I get through it. But the past hurts. I've been depressed before. Ms. Ning shared, "I was so depressed that I had to find a doctor to take medication, during college, during that time filming and studying, being in an environment where everyone told us to be like that. I had depression for about a year. Dark Ages It's so bad that if you jump one step like a bungee jump, everything will be over! At that time, I was left in that state. It's not called letting go, but you can't find a way up. My heart was broken, but I was able to come back because I was given a chance by an adult who gave me a job. At that time, I emailed me to apply for a production job, to do behind the scenes, to work hard enough on our duties, to do what we thought. Someone supported us, and what we thought was real. I went to do a channel one show. I remember going to a dipping shop and watching a show made on TV. There are seniors who believe in us. I feel like I believe in myself again. Be proud of yourself. We really aren't that bad. We just have to find space for us. We need to find someone who believes in us alone and supports us, I'm not a good student, I'm not a perfect student, and I don't believe in myself. When I see people, the more I press on me, the more I sink, okay, so I'm strong and stand up. When I can, I believe all the kids. You can do it like a rat." Girl Ning–Chanya "I'm single, I ask if I can stay, I let it go according to the situation of life, but it's okay, we can take care of ourselves, but there are moments when I feel that if I have one, I need someone to share, I've been single for about a year. Enough without a girlfriend. The advantages made me focus more on myself. I've learned a lot about myself and understood what we really need in life. What's our value?" It doesn't just state that it has to be a fan. It really has love in every relationship, whether it's friends. I feel like it's worth it and it's love. Even if people don't know us, they're fans of us. He never even met us, but watched us work. He adores us very much, it's the same power. I feel love, I don't have to be a partner or a boyfriend. To understand it, to have it. I asked if I was in love right now. I have another form of love if it's not in the partner state. There may be a feeling that we are afraid to interfere. I think it's more of a whey, "I don't have a boyfriend because I'm in love, right? "No, but I don't think it's blocked, I like having a girlfriend, I have friends, I like to have that, but if I don't have it, I don't need it. If we are longing people who want to have this a lot, perhaps we need to grab something that is no longer well thought out or that really suits us. My love during this period flourished in my friend's relationship. More families When we're bad, who's with us? These relationships are really valuable".Makeup artist : PUFFPOY Hairdresser : Balne Khunaroj Photographer : Noppadol Thammasat
Former guitarist of Butterfly, Ukrit Phalangkur, has died. People in the music industry mourn.|It's sad news for the music industry again. When Ukrit Phalangkur, the former guitarist of Butterfly, who is the brother of former popular singer Itthi Phalangkur, passed away. On Friday, March 24, 2023, after being treated for illness at Vibharam Pattanakarn Hospital, amid the condolences of family members, friends, close friends and music fans who heard the news on Facebook of Aod Thanes Sukwat. Musician-songwriter The DJ of radio show "Music Guru" FM106 posted the devastating news of the passing of the former guitarist, saying, "Condolences on the passing of Brother Uk "Ukrit Phalangkur", the former guitarist from dynamic /triangle lake/butterfly. P.Supamitr together until the Band of Brother era, where he was joined by his two brothers, Somphan and his old friends, including Butterfly drummer Tum Kornes, and Puet Somchai Krishnaserani Bess, and we used to play at Suan Luang R.9 together, the funeral service will be held on March 25 at 5:00 p.m. at Sala Chaweng, Wat Dhammamongkol, Sukhumvit 101 (Soi Punnawithi 20) and there will be a total of 7 nights of prayer (March 25-31, 2023) starting at 7:00 p.m., and the funeral service will be held on Saturday, April 1, 2023 at 4:00 p.m. Thairath Entertainment Online would like to express our condolences.
Demi gives Lydia a gift wrapped in tissues, but when she opens it, she screams (clip)|Give away the brightness. Regularly get smiles from aunts and uncles on social media. The adorable daughter of celebrity couple Lydia Saranrat and Matthew Dean, who are counting the days of making more and more cute for fans to fall in love with each clip posted by her parents. I saw it in a really cute vivid last time, Lydia Saranrat. Demi picked up a gift wrapped in tissues and wrote the caption, "A gift from my daughter.... It's dead... @demi_deane", in this clip, Lydia asks Demi who she brought the gift to. Demi said she brought it to Mamie, who gave her a gift of tissues. Lydia laughed and said that she looked at it, but when she unwrapped the tissue, that's it. My mother screamed and called Demi's name loudly. Inside the tissue is a dead lizard, and Demi puts it in the tissue. Lydia asks Demi what to do with it, because it's dead. Demi wrapped the lizard in a tissue. Lydia asks where the lizard came from. Demi didn't do it dead, did he? Demi says no, it's dead, sponsored amidst comments from friends in the industry and fans such as Demi!, the day after inviting me to come to my house, the no.1 heroine of Thailand in the future, pity Mamie Ng, Demi teases Mami, Oh yes, we are going to be asphyxiated, Demikha is very cute, give mom with love, give mom with love. Or you can use it as a kid, beautiful people playing with something like this, house tightness, etc.
Pei Panwad has been through family problems, thinking about his children's faces, not daring to introduce anyone.|It is another entertainer who has experienced problems in the family, but has been able to sustain his marriage. For Pei Panwad, a super actress, a mother of two, and recently asked by the media about the secrets of living a double life, she said, "I don't dare to recommend anyone in this regard because I understand that each family has different approaches and problems. We respect the opinions of each family. When we see the news of each couple, we can only cheer us on, we have already passed that point, the opinions of each person are not the same. Making decisions on matters is not the same. Each house has a different context. So, we're going to try to weigh what the pros and cons are and how our children are. If we use our emotions to judge, then next time we are child, it will end our problems, but our problems do not end in the long run when we have problems mainly with our children. Personally, I think I need to be comfortable. You have to be happy, not bitter. I can't see him crying. You can't see us in a version where we can't suffer. Unhappy, not impossible. Our children are important, but our minds need to be important whether we're really okay with it or not. I won't take my emotions seriously, I'll step back and calm down for a while and think step by step about how to fix the problem. Ask if there's a problem with calm down, no. There was no calmness at the first day, no calmness at first, no tears, no eating anything, heartache, ten thousand questions coming in. It's normal, but stay there. Grieve as much as possible, then slowly calm down, slowly think, re-conscious. He doesn't suggest anyone know that when solving problems, he'll have his own ideas. All comments Every decision is the right one. There's nothing wrong with that, but in our way. We're better like this, but we're not saying what the future holds, but as of today, it's like this. We have a feeling that yes, this is better than no one is 100 percent perfect. What disadvantages do we have, what are the advantages? Everyone has to adjust to each other, and it's going to be good. Finally, if it doesn't, it's still a good relationship with the backpack."
Super hard-hearted Grace attends her ex-boyfriend's wedding, Kong Kroon, who chooses the bride for herself.|Friendship is still beautiful because even though they ended their love relationship a long time ago, they still have good friend status. For the young heroine, Grace Kanklao, who recently attended her ex-boyfriend's wedding. Kong Kroon and Prang Apinara, heirs of billionaire businessmen of Asia Insurance, recently had the opportunity to meet Grace at the "Slim up for summer" event at Central Pinklao. Chermal, and she seemed to be letting go of Joy a lot at that day's event. Ms Grace said: "Although our relationship has ended for a long time, we are still good friends and always wish each other well. This bride was the one who scanned it from the beginning until the day they got married. It's nice to see them both happy and we can let him overtake them. We are lucky on both sides, both our current fans and their side have an understanding of this. Thank you for the stream of admirers. ALTHOUGH FEW COUPLES WILL COME ACROSS LIKE THIS".SPONSORED
Can a former brothel gangster redeem his boxer's uniform? In "Pawn Games"|This week's pawnbroker is "Blue", a 53-year-old from Nakhon Sawan, a former boxer who won a tenth but lost hundreds. Take off your willingness to hang the quilt. Find a new job, get a job as a dog breeder. It didn't take long to learn that the 2nd floor of the building where the dog was kept was a brothel, so he had to pretend not to see it because he didn't want to be fired. By taking the women in the salon to beauticians and checking the women. He urged no one to flee. But out of pity, he secretly let the child run away. The last time I helped a 10-year-old boy who was sold by his parents, he was beaten with a stick in front of 3 pang to death! In the list "Pawn Games" 6 p.m. Thai Rath TV Channel 32.
"Nene, thousands of blessings", release ho! Life allotted money eating rice "Burin" gets insulted by luxury in "3 Zap"|A dream come true of superstar "Nene Thousand Blessings" He even had tears in his eyes and was grateful to have come out with the show "3 Zap", made a young father and mother watch, secretly very pleased, "This is a show that I dreamed when I was a child that I wanted to come. I'm glad to be here today, and my mom is proud too: "Her journey as a Chinese idol is so tough! You have to do your best to fulfill your dream of becoming an artist. Walk the pageant at every stage. Cast an acting job without a role, as an extra, hundreds of dollars can be spared countless disappointments. "At the age of 17-18, I didn't continue my studies, I had to make money in my pocket, I had about 20 baht, I was thinking about whether to spend money on omelet rice or water, I had to make a choice," SPONSOREDNENE said with tears in her eyes as she thought about that day. A person who has never quenched his child's dream even once. Today, I see mothers proud of their children. It's more than a thousand dreams, my mother's eyes looked at 2 dreams, achieved 3 zap, and became a superstar! Make it work!! Let's solve the news here!! Until he was hit by a tour bus and the news of "Change 40 nannies!" Stop now, stop now!!! continue the story in "3 Zap" this Sunday. 15 p.m. on Channel 3 HD and watch back on www.youtube.com/polyplusentertainment 
Jan-chan plays as an offensive tackle, Poo Blackhead is happy to help fill in from the loss.|It's called fulfillment. Poo Blackhead or Poo Anon Moonlight is back happy and bright again for the former idol girl. Janjang Jetsubha Grouptaeng, a former member of BNK48, was previously seen as Poo's new girlfriend as the couple travelled to Europe together. Jan-chan joins BBTS X-Tra Greet in response to "Boyband The Series"..... Behind the Boy Friends at Siam Pavalai, Paragon Cineplex, he opened his mouth to answer all the shells and admitted that he was flirting with Poo first, and that he was already my girlfriend, but I don't know if I am his girlfriend, so go and ask Poo himself, find love on the set?" "How did you meet?", it was the first time we met in the fitting room, but we didn't know the white-headed version of the crab brother, so we didn't know who this person was because we only knew the crab when we were black. The picture in the head of Pee Poo is another person, but this person is who I think is a supporting actor together, but I don't know what the script is, but I feel like, oh, so handsome (laughs). "SPONSORED, do you know that Poo is a very popular singer?" We may have caught up, but we haven't lived yet, we're still young, we don't know how loud he is, but we ask those around us. Ask his friends. Ask everyone if he's loud, conclude he's loud because we still know it, but we know another version that isn't white-haired." Because we barely see each other? Let's find out after we've known each other for a while. Because at first, I didn't pay much attention to anything. Because we're more focused on acting, because the script is a teacher, it's a difficult chapter, so we're focused on the job, but on the other hand, he's very handsome (laughs)." He looked so young, we turned to him and (laughed shyly)"How did you start talking?" He asked who he was, what his name was, where he came from, and he talked normally: "What level of relationship is there now?" He's my girlfriend, but I don't know if I'm his girlfriend (laughs). "Because before my lover lost me, we were like, let's fill him up?" The people at his house said we made him happier, and we felt glad to make him happy." "If there's no outside, I think when we go to read the news, we're going to read the news. Losing is heartbreaking, but I think it takes a lot of time to recover because leaving is something that everyone can't switch from sad to happy. I think it will take time, but I'm not sure how much time each person spends, but at least I'm happy to make him a little happier (smiling)"How did he start flirting with us? I said I grow corn, eat corn (smile) At first I didn't think about flirting, but when we talked and it went together, it was of mutual interest, so we asked him to be his girlfriend(smile) and he said yes I do. But when I was about to turn off the camera, I was talking. I started talking about it from the very beginning when I turned on the camera, probably around the end of last year, but I was already shooting before that. Let's meet late"Are you worried because you have to travel to sing abroad? "At first I didn't understand. But now that we're starting to tune in, we understand how it works. We understand each other's work, but if you have free time, do activities together, such as buying plants. At first I thought he was quiet, but not quiet at all (laughs). He said entertainment. He's so cute," let the relationship go full steam ahead. It means we're not together all the time, but we're happy to have him in our lives."Why do we say we're not sure if we're his girlfriends, but he's definitely our girlfriends?". That's the truth (laughs). I'm embarrassed to say we're fans." It's Christmas day, I bought him a shirt, "Are we glad to fill him up?" Although it takes time. I don't know how long it will take for him to fulfil himself, at least. We're happy today," the age gap is no problem, right? When I first met him, I thought he was 30 or 40, but he was actually 52 God (laughs), but my age didn't matter because he looked young all the time.
Jack Blackjack holds up a knot on the news of his wife just waiting for the launch time.|I'm ready to be another dad in the entertainment industry. For the young singer Jack Jarupong Orchid ngam or Jack Blackjack, who previously announced the good news that his girlfriend Prai I'm pregnant and I have a daughter. He came to the movie and revealed this to reporters, responding to the news that he was seen as hiding his wife. That surprise with the launch is that dad?yes (smiling) has a daughter. Now it's about 6 months, probably around June, many people are questioning when they are in a relationship? It wasn't closed at all, but it just felt like some things were timing and timing, and Jack consulted with the camp as well, and the camp thought it was really a pleasure, but there was a rhythm and timing to tell SPONSORED what to hold. The Chinese will hold it for 5 months. If after 5 months, then I will say, it is about the right rhythm, holding the trick, not ignorant, but very believable (laughs), there is a discussion about the birth date, then see what it will be, but in June I named Luna (smile) because Jack is a space lover, loves the moon, is also a daughter, wants to be luminous, so it is the moon, have you checked the feedback with this news? I think it's a pleasure, so I want to focus on congratulating rather than being very prepared, because there are quite a lot of details about the baby, there is a doctor's consultation. Carrying a bath Now it's time to start preparing the cart. I can't imagine myself (laughs), but I think I have to adjust a lot, but I believe that I should be addicted to my children. I don't really like children at all, but I believe that when I see him, I think I'm probably stuck at home as well (smiling). I still don't understand that feeling, but I believe that at the moment I saw him, I should have understood that feeling.
Darling Arada holds the hand of her sweet businessman boyfriend. The bride couldn't hold back tears.|Previously, the singer Actress Darling Arada Aryawut, former girl group Sugar Eyes was surprised by a businessman's boyfriend who asked him to marry recently. On March 24, Darling had a sweet wedding ceremony with his businessman boyfriend, Krongwich Apithanothai. Four Seasons Hotel Bangkok at Chao Phraya River The event was filled with love and warmth from both family and friends who witnessed the beginning of the couple's life.
Fern leaves Typography Opened a large house of 80 million, decorated simply but very pleasant.|It is another pride of the talented actress Bai Fern. Typography After collecting money from the strong water. The price of this house is about 80 million baht and it takes about 2 years to build. On the FERNZONE YouTube channel in the EP titled Home Tour, Baan Bai Fern is finished, I must say that the house is very beautiful and magnificent, each zone has a different design, and one of the delights of the actress is the 700-year-old tree in front of the house that has been successfully sought after. Every opportunity that everyone gives gives them the opportunity to do the house they dreamed of, luckily there are a lot of good people around, keeping them in the grooves, working, and lucky to find a good team. There are good people to help and mentor, until this house is built. Decorate as you like, not focusing on brand-name items, but rather on using good things. IF ASKED ABOUT THE BUDGET, IT IS STILL IN THE BUDGET SET, THE MOTHER OF FERN LEAF HERSELF SAID THAT SHE IS PROUD OF HER DAUGHTER, THAT SHE HAS BUILT SUCH A HOUSE IN HER LIFE. It's very difficult to get a house, and it's a new level of success.
Primmy Vipavir wins award at Tokyo Short Film Festival|Probably familiar face with Primmy Vipavir Pattanasiri Models and actresses who play the role Po, who runs a Sport Stacking school and a fellow buildr who helped speed up the life of Gao the hero in the movie Fast & Feel Love, is angry with her for graduating from Fine Art Photography in England. Primmy sends a short film "PURPLE DALHA" that plays the role of director and producer. Competed at the Short Film Festival in Tokyo, Japan, and won the Winner Of Tokyo International Short Film Festival for Best Female Director 2023 and Honourable Mention for First Time Filmmaker 2023. At the Tokyo International Short Film Festival 2023, the Tokyo International Short Film Festival is called the versatility of SPONSORED primmy.
Koi Arachaporn holds back tears, thanks to former lover Nikki Nachat |It's another successful YouTuber gang. Koi-Natty-Dream, famous for the show If I Accept My Brother Will Love You Latest All 3 Girls has made a special clip to step into the 100 tapes of the report in the EP titled Ultimate! This is a special tape that captures impressions from the beginning of the show and tells about the best of the guests on the show. The first tape had close friend Nine Jirayu Ongmanee as the first guest. The response was much more than expected, and during one of the clips, Koi Arachaporn thanked his ex-boyfriend Nikki Nachat for holding back tears: "I actually met him earlier, but doing this show has made us closer. That tape he really helped us, he came with good hope. HE CAME TO PLAY FOR US, 100 PER CENT."
The netizens are very strong. After Nun Suttipa posted a clip to give away dog food (clip)|It made netizens come in and comment very strongly. After seeing the clip of Nun Suttipa Kongdee Post a clip of yourself tick-to-tock, which is a clip where a nun gives food to a dog and a cat. He wrote the caption "Give away dog food". This event has a lot of netizens. MANY PEOPLE HAVE COMMENTED ON THE MESSAGE WITH A LOT OF STRONG MESSAGES SUCH AS "WHICH ONE IS NUN, GOOD FRIEND, MUST KNOW TO SHARE, VERY CUTE, SIMILAR FACE, FULL OF NUNS, SO KIND, SO KIND TO SHARE FRIENDS TO EAT WITH, CHEERING FOR YOU FROM THE HEART OF THE FAN CLUB, FOLLOW ME FOR A LONG TIME, CHEER FOR ME"SPONSORED SPONSORED
Pumpui Panthipa refused. Netizens back after criticizing fresh faces like corpses|It is another person who fights back to netizens often for Pum Pui. Phantipha The wife of Gwint Duval because if anyone who follows Pumpui often strikes back at netizens who comment strongly on her for no reason, and most recently, Pum Pui managed to hit back at netizens in a hurt way after she showed her fresh face without makeup in a tick-to-k and was strongly commented by netizens, "If you don't wear makeup, it's a corpse." At this event, Pum Pui replied, "No one is as beautiful as my mother." Strong reply back not cheating.sponsored
"Bella" Uncomfortable drama "Heroine M." sees everyone as a friend, let's believe in goodness (clip)|She opened up for the first time after actress Bella-Rani Campen. The name was alluded to by the drama gang of 4 heroines M. joining the band about people in the entertainment industry Until causing a lot of criticism Met Bella to attend the event "Win all games eat all over Thailand only at Grab" at the plaza in front of Central World Square Zone Square B. For Bale When we met, we had a good conversation. And Bale didn't have a problem with anyone either. As for the content that happened. Bale asked not to comment, saying he didn't want to go any further. I don't want to say anything that hurts other people." "Well, as I said, it's a bit of a surprise, but for Belna, Bale feels like they're all friends in the same industry, even though we may not be close, but we grew up in the same field, we've always seen each other. So no matter what the drama is with Bale or someone else, Bale is uncomfortable. "Yes, for Bale is never a problem"Has the past been dug out? "It's been a long time since everyone dug up the clip, shared the clip, and Bel saw it and Bel was embarrassed (laughs), everyone didn't have to talk about it, didn't have to share it anymore. "I saw it, I asked if it was like that, but I said I didn't want to say anything further, I was afraid it would hurt. "Actually, it may not happen, but people may be mistaken? "I don't know, but personally, Bale believes in the 8th principle, there is good fortune, there is degradation, there is happiness, there is suffering, so there are praises, there is gossip. Has anyone else sent you a message? "I haven't spoken to anyone yet", are you afraid of misunderstandings? "Bale doesn't know, but Bale knows what Bale does. Because we have the principles to lead our lives like this, we believe in what we do, we don't doubt our actions." "Bale feels that anything is beyond our control. We have to let it pass"Many people have demanded that all 4 of them apologize to us because they have not officially apologized to us? "I don't know, it's the other person, but personally, Bale feels that in work or life, we take responsibility for ourselves, focus on ourselves, do our best, don't get people in trouble, so what we can't control, we have to let go." "Well, everyone talks to Bale, it's normal," confirms there's no problem? "(Smiling) Let's just say that every job is scary. There's something like this together. There are obstacles to face. Whatever the profession, Bale believes that there must be: "When working with other people, do we have any doubts that this may happen again? "As Bale said, Bale has a core to lead Bale's life. "We're normal like this", so what happened was that we didn't have any other friends in the industry? Bale's free time is very small. Bale chose to use it with people who were really close, such as with her mother, family, close people, close friends who studied together. Other than that, it's time for Belle. Bale rarely socializes with people who aren't close, so he probably doesn't see the picture." Bua Sour? "Bale said about working with me, I didn't see each other"People say the gang is broken, but really isn't? "Yes, as I said, everyone for Bale is a friend in the same group." "Oh, it's not like that, it's about time. There's not a lot of free time"Want to thank the fans for protecting us? "Thank you so much everyone for being so worried about me, thank you so much for all the encouragement and messages..."
Shot Ded Bella-Mew-Margie-Mint Send a smile to each other, smirk at the heroine.|After previously having a gang of heroines such as Mai Davika, Mew Nitta, Margie Rasri and Mint Chalida Mount Moy about what they found in the entertainment industry, until the netizens dramatized that it was gossiping about their friends and linked that the person who was being talked about was Bella Rani, although the 4 girls apologized and insisted that they did not talk about Bella, but it seems that the whole story does not end easily. IT'S CALLED SMILING AND SMILING, OKAY, EVERYONE.
Meen Peeravich ready to support Tails reveals that all his friends are trying to help him (video)|It's almost time to get a new home. After waiting for 2 years for young actor Meen Peeravich, the latest opportunity to meet Meen to attend the 53rd anniversary entertainment event of Thai TV Channel 3 "Beloved Festival 53 years good for heart" at Thammasat Stadium, Rangsit Center. He admits that building a house is very budgetary. As for Nikki-Koi's breakup, Meen said she had known about it for a while, but let them speak for themselves. "Yes, it's been 2 years, it's been a long time since I've been rebuilding my house (laughs) because if I don't get up this month, I'll have to wait again in June, so I have to hurry up and ask how good this season is, I don't know. The fortune teller has been looking for 2-3 stars, so I think it's time for us to be lucky, so I tried to adjust the time to stay, I went in and tried it, I just went to bed 2 times, there were some parts that needed to be fixed (laughs), the garden was doing, and my parents were waiting to come to bed together. Now I'm adjusting. Go back and forth and carry your belongings. "SPONSORED, DO WE BELIEVE IN MUTELU?", YES. The new era must be all lines, Chinese, Thai, Brahmin, Buddhist. There are many sciences too, starting with China, then there will be Buddhism and then Brahman"If you don't follow the fortune teller, what will happen?"I don't know, but meen is also the comfort of our home, not believing or not believing, ignorant or ignorant, just that we see that if someone comes to us and makes us uncomfortable, it means that we are uncomfortable. There is a part of soil, water, wind, it is also interesting. I believe that the house is on fire, is it heartbreaking?", because that day is 2 days, I will go to bed. So I cleared the electricity at the house, checked again, everything is ok, it is not burning yet, but the fire insurance is already in. "How much is this house?", the empty house is about 16-17 million, decorated at first, put 5 million, germinated another 3 million, it is about 16 million plus 8 million, it is too much. At first, it was only 15 million, and I owed it for many years (laughs)"After the Chinese ceremony, is there any other ceremony?". I'm happy with my first home, happy, I think it's going to be a home that makes me and my family happy. I think everyone wants to achieve something in life. I think having assets, having real estate, it could be another success for our generation. When I was in college, I was alone, and it was about 6-7 years ago, I felt like coming back to live with my family, I wanted to wake up early to meet people. Someone makes a side dish for you, sits down to eat with your eyes ready. "May I ask you about Koi Arachporn after your breakup with Nikki, did Dream tell us anything?" What to say? Let's just say that we know the story, let him be the one to speak, let the message come from his own way. We don't dare to say anything "How do we support Tails?", we meet, we know both people, we know all parties, it's about the relationship of 2 people and each other, we as people close to us, outsiders, we don't want to misunderstand others. As we say, Someone saw it. Someone shared it, so we don't want to mislead them. So let's hear it from their mouths. HE'LL PROBABLY SAY IT SOON,"SPONSORED, HAS HIS MENTAL STATE IMPROVED?", WHEN HE WAS WITH US, HE WAS OKAY, BUT WE DON'T KNOW IF IT'S THE END. But when he's with us, we all try to calm each other down, "Our partner is happy, smooth?", yes, there's no songwriting called each other (laughs). I don't have any problems, I'm good to be a stable person, consistently?", hopefully that's the case, I do my best every day. He didn't come today to cheer me up (smiling)."
Bella Launching close friends, hugging each other, crying, supporting each other during heartbreak.|Bella came to Bangkok EP.11 [ENG CC] where Bella introduced her best friend who has been dating for 15 years. Bella's best friend, Oh and Mew, are close friends and a gang of powerpuff girls. Mew met in year 2 because he was a drummer with O, they've known each other for 15 years, and Mew is 14 years old. Only people want to approach it. As for Mew, we've been through a lot together, so we've been very close, SPONSORED, as I said, we're like a powerpuff girl and 3 girls never fight, they're just a little annoyed, and they're quiet, never hitting each other because they feel like it's not worth fighting. We didn't talk for about a week, and then Bella confessed to her friend that she had lied. When asked if she would stop dating, Bella said that if she stopped dating these 2 people, she wouldn't have friends anymore. This friend will clear it all up before Bella is burned by her friend. Tell the world about being a lover to know that Bella is a dedicated person, Bale's house is on the new bridge, but the person who used to talk to Rama 2 but arranged to meet in Siam, Bel drove to pick him up at Rama 2, then came to Siam, and then drove him to Rama 2, and then went home to the new bridge. That's ok I didn't have to gossip about him, but I cut the picture to O, who was very hot-headed and said, "I can be damned in this," and Bella said that after coming, friends became part of family, friends are Number One. Because there's love around it, it's okay, before the famous heroine reveals her feelings to O and Mew. My best friend said that I'm glad to know each other, I want to keep dating, I want to see my friends happy every day, I love you so much, thank you for everything. Thank you for listening to everything. Whether it's a happy, miserable, troubled day, or a lot of downs, always dig up this friend and cheer each other up forever. Since Bale is a new star, friends will remind you that when you become a famous friend, your friend will disappear, until today Bale has not changed at all. Because we feel like we don't want to change with the light. I don't want to feel like we're not superior to others. This group of friends was very important to Bel's life. Because they appreciate the friendship and love of their friends who are in a relationship and are empathetically by each other's side at every stage of each other's lives. 
Channel 3's football team brought actors to send happiness to fans.|Channel 3 celebrates its 53rd anniversary with a big event called "Beloved Festival 53 Years Good for Your Heart", bringing fans of the drama to win fun and entertainment with the battle of football superstars. Continuing the legend of the greatness of sports, entertainment people Sunday, March 26, 2023, opened the football stadium. Thammasat Rangsit Sports Center gathered to cheer on football battles, superstars and greats with the opening show, starting with the appearance of the male performers who will walk down from the stands to the stadium to start a spectacular special show. Led by Boy Pokorn, Great Warintorn, Nadejn, Mario and Mak. Prin, who will lead the gang of 13 favorite superstars, will sing a welcome song to the seat, after which many more male and female actors will gradually come out to join a big show that will definitely not be available anywhere else. Led by Bella Rani, Bow Melda, Yaya Urasya, Mint Chalida, Kimberly, the gang of moms up BUDDY CAR marched out to greet the fans, followed by a yamaha fazzio with handsome kids circling around the stadium. The purple team scored 5 goals and the yellow team scored 4 goals before going to the penalty shootout to know which color team will be the champion this year. In short, the purple team was the winner, scoring 12 goals and the yellow team scored 8.
Poo Blackhead and Jan-chan make merit for Nuxie on the 1st anniversary of his passing |There is no day without thinking about the passing of Nuksi Anpat. Former pretty girl who died from breast cancer After a long struggle, most recently on the anniversary of his passing for 1 year, Poo Blackhead, his family and friends, including Janjang Jetsubha, a group of taengs, joined together to make merit for Nuxie@nookzii. MARCH 2023 IS THE 1ST ANNIVERSARY OF MY MOVE TO MEMORY", THE FANS WHO FOLLOWED CAME TO COMMENT ON NUXIE A LOT.
Lula panicked. The brother was attacked by a foreigner and ripped his eardrum, prompting the police to repatriate him.|It was a very frightening incident for Lula Kanyarat Tiyapornchai after her brother was seriously assaulted by a hot-headed foreigner who lived in the same condo. Even to the point of tearing the eardrum, no sound can be heard. The family has now filed a complaint with the police. "Yesterday, Saturday, March 25, at 5:00 p.m., Lula's brother was physically assaulted by a foreigner, who had already assaulted someone in a condo and had to be taken to the hospital last night. There were wounds and bruises all over the body. The left eardrum is torn and I can't hear sound, and the part of my brain that needs time to check if it's wrong is one thing to wonder how we can protect our family from dangerous people. :1. Keep an eye out for who is harmful to our society and community. If there is a history, be careful if there will be any repetitions. Watch out for them to keep them out of our community.2. Always think that the person who will be attacked may be our family. It's not that it's not about us, let him go. My brother's size is still a middle man. If it's us who are children, or our parents who are old, I don't want to think about leaving the police to prosecute the case to the end. He is a dangerous person and should be sent back to the country. I don't want this to happen to anyone. Now my mother is shocked and shocked," said her friends and followers, who came to cheer for Lula's brother and his family in large numbers.
J Jetrin reveals his catchphrase on stage Tell single girls not to come near. |It is another quality singer who, no matter where he goes to the concert, will always have fans screaming on the edge of the stage. A father of three who is still as hot as a young boy. J Jetrin Opening mini-concert at "SHAPE UP FOR SUMMER 19 Years Anniversary Show off your beautiful body, good health, get summer" at Central Pinklao In the beginning, J Jetrin said, "I'm sick today, I have a cold down my throat, but don't worry, the fun is still great." Can I only ask for a voice for girls who don't have husbands? Please don't come near me, please don't come near me, I'll be linked," which triggered a loud scream from fans at the event.
A celebrity family takes their children to watch Disney on Ice bustling.|Disney on Ice Presents Mickey & Friends is the world's best ice cream show for famous cartoon characters that bring joy and fun to children and make everyone smile. The family went on Thursday, March 23 at IMPACT Arena. The show will run until Sunday, March 26. Anyone who is interested can purchase tickets on the www.thaiticketmajor.com SPONSORED website. In addition to the atmosphere, there are also fans of the little cartoons wearing Disney princess' costumes to create spectacular colors. There are also families of celebrities and actors who have been bringing their children and grandchildren to watch this show in a lively way, such as Ple Nagar, Chipmunk Supaksorn, Doong Sira, Nam Rapeepat, S Kantapong, Pol Poonpat, Pinkploy Pabhavadi, Bam Bam Nasomnon, Winnie Siphatcharada, Hana. Lewis, Pupe Kesarin, Benz Pornchita-Mick Boromwut, Vicki Sunisa, M. Apinan, Hana 'This year's Disney on Ice show is about the adventure journey of Mickey Mouse and friends Minnie Mouse, Donald Duck and Goofy to find memories that will forever imprint on their hearts through Disney cartoons such as "Moana", "Anna" and "Elsa" from "Frozen", "Fantasia", "Toy". Disney on Ice Presents fans should not miss this event, experience the wonders of the fantasy world and build good family relationships together with the "Disney on Ice Presents" show. Tickets starting at 800 baht can be purchased on the website www.thaiticketmajor.com For more information, please call 0 2262 3838.
Taew Nataporn replied that the reason for not attending Channel 3 and apologized to everyone.|After yesterday Many fans are wondering why actress Taew Nataporn Temeyrak did not attend Channel 3's 53rd anniversary celebrations held yesterday (March 26). The event didn't leave fans suspicious for long, with the actress posting a message via IG Story. "It's a shame that I didn't have the opportunity to attend channel 3's 53rd anniversary this year. I would like to take this opportunity to apologize to my brothers, friends, adults, Channel 3 and all the fans who have come here, but since I am recovering from health problems that have been at the beginning of the year, I need to take care of my health first and foremost so that I can recover and return to work fully. My friends and those around me who love and care about me very much, and thank you for your understanding."
Mario ran to Chanji takes a photo together and serves up a rare sweet moment.|The 53rd anniversary of Thai TV Channel 3's "Beloved Festival 53 Years of Good for The Heart" was held at Thammasat Stadium, Rangsit Center. Fans cheered and cheered. Despite how hot the weather was, everyone on the pitch was indefatigable besides the excitement of kicking a star football on the pitch. Off the field, there are also cute moments to serve. Young hero Mario Maurer also played football for the Purple Team, which was cheered by many fans, including his girlfriend. Janji Janjira came to cheer for the boys. Mario also reached the edge of the field. At the end of the event, a gold medal was awarded to the winner of the sponsored team. Mario looked for his girlfriend on the sidelines. Before running, the couple stood and talked for a while. Before taking a couple photos It's a really rare sweet moment because the couple doesn't get to see each other very often.
Bull, not the original accused, has cleared the Forex-3D case.|Cleared after being arrested in Forex-3D chain-sharing case for hero Krating Khunnarong Pratharat latest Krating participated in the carbon label campaign at Quartier Avenue The EmQuartier. Speaking after testifying as a witness in the Forex-3D case, Krating said that he is now more comfortable, has cleared everything and that he is not the accused in the first place. I wasn't the accused in the first place, but just the news came out, we came out and explained our part. But I don't usually want to be loud like this, I want people to talk more about our work," how did you get through the heavy story?" The surroundings understood us, and the workplace understood us, and we explained what happened to him, but at first I asked if it was stressful. It's the hardest thing I've ever seen." Is there a lot of pressure?" Because I had never studied these things, I didn't know it was going to be this big deal, and then as a kid, I thought it was okay, we lost money, we were stupid, I didn't think much of it, but I didn't know it would affect a lot of other people." Have you changed your image?" At first I had the feeling that, uh, should we go out and be afraid of people looking at me, because I never thought I would have news like this. When I live outside, I live a normal life, so I'm not prepared for that. When I first came out, I was still interviewing and talking about it, I was scared, but when I did it, I thought it was my life. We have to face it and fight it"What do you want to tell the fans?
Thanya Arsiam Open your heart to love Arlo, a laotian millionaire, is destined to love across the Mekong.|When Tanya Arsiam came to join jenny, if refreshed, the famous senior singer. The boyfriend of a millionaire businessman in Laos came to live and opened up about the couple's love journey to their fans. How did you meet? Go to Laos He went to the party in front of the house, he let me go up and sing, but Arlo didn't see me, but I saw him since I attended the event, I saw it and liked it, but I didn't know how to get to know it, but I just sipped a beer and turned around to look at me, so I walked over and told the owner, "Mom, I'm single, is there anyone who is single? Is there any suggestion, but we're joking with singles? We don't think that the mother of the owner of the event who is his grandchild, who we looked at since entering the event was the same person and walked up to Arlo's hand and said that we got to know each other, and it was very fathomable, and then we had to cross the Mekong, and then 3 months he crossed the Mekong after me (smiling) Arlo: Come and see him at midnight. I saw it and felt beautiful (smiling) at first I didn't know it was Tanya Arsiam. I don't know who. Tanya is a lovely person, likes that he loves us, sponsored before Tanya said that there was one thing that wanted to beat Arlo and would always argue that we were the ones who flirted with him first. He didn't flirt with us a lot. Tanya was the one who approached him first, and then made a video call to him that night. After that, they video called each other every night, and Tanya loved him because he was clear. And he wants to build the future too, we want to build the future. We all have dysfunctional families and want to create a complete family, but I'm puzzled by my decision early. I've never decided anything so quickly. I asked if I wasn't jealous because he loved me alone (smiling). Is Arlo flirting? I'm usually a tourist, but now I've stopped. The reason for stopping is because we don't go by ourselves. Tanya has never banned it because she lives in a different country. I don't know where to go, I always call to check. 
"Beach Boys & Girls Music Fest."|"Beach Boys & Girls Music Fest." (Beach Boy & Girls Music Fest.) The music festival hosted by Atimeshowbiz brings together the top performers of the top of the charts on the same stage, which is pleasing to the fans. Before the opening of the door, DJ Nan and DJ Cable from EFM94 welcomed everyone to the hottest music phase, taking everyone to the event booth from the sponsors on site and enjoying the food zone full of food trucks and famous restaurants included in the event. No, no, consolation prize, another world, if we don't think about each other, plus a special song that I picked up to cover my own version of "I want to have a girlfriend, so let's go on stage first, but play with the audience getting up and moving their legs but starting to move the hotness with "We Violet". A soft-sounding girl who stepped onto the stage in a dress that matched the summer weather before stirring up the wauters. Everyone gets up and gets up with a set of hits like "Smoke" and I'd Do It Again" in acoustic versions, with choreography and guitar to wake the audience up to scream with hotness, followed by "Imagine 1/2 +". So sorry, Toxic, if you, since having her I'm happy. Swap the boys with Proxie, which provides playlists to please fans waiting on the edge of the stage, such as Crazy Love, Who Don't Love, Like the People In Front of You, How Much You Must Like. People don't talk, talk about why they're talking at TILLY BIRDS, which has been packed since the start with a set of songs that topped the charts. Playmates don't play friends, waiter options, remember well, treadmill, think but don't, she's not alone, if we meet again, we'll be apart for good, and the audience will be happy with the atmosphere of the night that is uplifting with the fun of the catchy hits when it's the turn of The Toys, just stepping up to the stage and getting screams from the girls until the beach is almost broken and still top the form, both rapping and guitar solo shows and tight-knit hits like Lights, Toys, Me, Weinlada, Sleep now, Ah Muay Lost, Fire boy, Goodbye, goodbye, last winter, bruising is us, before the rainy season. Sing along and scream at each other, then move on without a break. To Q. Non Thanon, who screams loudly with a playlist showing the power of the sound of eating the full day, Not Romantic, Leaning, Are You Sure, The Rim Table, Just Secretly Hoping, Every Beautiful Minute, and also entertaining the audience from the first song to the last, as always, swapping the feel to the last girl. Bogie Lion, who continues the costume concept with ten chili peppers as always. Draw a seductive pattern that invites everyone to sing along to the big liver hits like Smile Ma, If i aint, Rim table, you know, Easy on me, Drawn, Fire boy, Kaleidoscope, Escalate, Nostalgia, You know, change, end up with THREE MAN DOWN who, although Kit injured his right arm, is not a problem in the end. It's a joy to end a very successful music set. It reached number one on all music charts. Is it raining, dreaming of an ex-boyfriend? If you really love me, talk alone well, leave time, keep it in mind enough, my birthday this year, next to each other, and the newest songs. Make the night warmer for your eyes. Send tens of thousands of people home in full 8 hours.
Dr. Rit, sad face, new clinic is close to opening, but it is not finished yet and the rent is very expensive.|For Dr. Rit Ruangrit, after graduating, he opened a beauty clinic, which has now expanded to the 7th branch. From structural design to clinic management, the latest on Instagram. Dr. Rit posted a clip of him checking into a new branch, but he was shocked that he had to sit down and sniff because the work was not finished and was planned to be launched on April 1. In addition, the rent is also very expensive. "SAD, SITTING LONELY IN THE MIDDLE OF SIAM, NOTHING TO MIND TODAY, VERY SHOCKFUL, VERY SHOCKFUL, VERY SHOCKED, IS THE STORY, IT IS THERE TO INSPECT THE NEW SIAM BRANCH THAT IS GOING TO BE THE 7TH BRANCH OF THE RITZ CLINIC, WHICH ACTUALLY HAS BEEN GOING SINCE MARCH 17, BUT OUR PLAN IS TO OPEN ON APRIL 1, WHICH IS WHAT EVERYONE SEES, WHAT DO YOU THINK, AND WHAT DO YOU THINK, HOW TO MOVE ON?"
"Kimberly" is excited about her dream wedding dress! Put it on, yes, bride. Preparing for work is exhausting.|I'm excited. Actress Kimberly Ann Voltemus wins the drama. "Doctor Luang", where he returns to opposite the hero. Mario Maurer liked the fans, who opened the first episode with good ratings, and real life is also a chance to prepare for a wedding with sweetheart. Mak-Prin Suparat, who is approaching, said that the bride shared her excitement before the big day approached, despite being tired of preparing for the wedding. Kim revealed, "It's getting closer to work, it's been 6 months, I feel like the dress is not finished, the design of the event is not finished, the theme has not been selected, the card is not finished. "Let's give it another 2 months, Kim said, but it's the European zone that chose this country because we feel like it's a beautiful country, the weather is good, and we just want to have a moment with family and really close friends. "It's not Bridezilla, but it's going to be a while, it feels like it's not over because we're in this industry, the time is passing so fast. So we felt that 6 months was very little, kim had been shooting 2 dramas all the time, and then we were going to open a movie, and then there was a show, a lot of work was done, a year ago, so I didn't have time to think about it, and then there was a period of sleeplessness. When I was looking for a villa, it was Kim who handled everything."SPONSOREDHow many wedding dresses are there? "In Thailand, 2 dresses in Thailand, if you include 3 after parties, the event in Thailand will be November, I have time to be in Thailand, I can clear (laughs), I have the honor of Brother Kong-Piya to make it as well." "Yes, which is true, but hopefully nothing (laughs) we are tired, but we understand because everything we type, it's all in English. Let's say he sends Rev, and he's in the group, she'll be quiet, so why not answer? Why do we choose one person (laughs), but if we talk about home, he responds very quickly, he will be in the house and will help us choose, "Now is excited and tired, right? "A little bit, but I'm happy, I'm tired, but I don't have time to take care of myself, but the courses are beautiful, so I don't have to do anything special. "It's special because with the place and the dress, it's our dream, and then it's done, I want you to wait and see, I really want to wait and see, Yaya has seen almost every dress (laughs), but I don't see it, I can't see the wedding day, there are designers sending us a lot of designers, we don't think that the dress we choose can do because it's expensive, so we thought it wouldn't be, but the last time I tried it in Paris, I felt like, uh, it's not an event, it's not a drama, it's a dream brand, it's beautiful, but I don't know how other people feel. So I said it fell, it fell, it fell (laughs)." "Now I've put the brakes on the drama because it's finished 2 films, there will be a movie that will open this April, but only 10 queues are finished, I will try to finish it and let go of joy, we don't want the fans to leave the period, so I stock up on the work first. This one is back today. This one is going to fly today. This person is going to sleep here, we're like, oh, it's just a show. We didn't have a single thing to manage, so we let the manager manage it. "It helps with the cost, the transfer (laughs) takes 2 hours because it's hard to transfer to that currency."
"Typhoon" is full! EP "Your Call" 4 songs|More than commitment! Beyond "TYTAN" dedication-Taitan Teep Prasarn, an artist-songwriter from Big Boss Kueng-Chalermchai's "Four One One Music" label. Mahakitsiri, who loves to make music, is the latest soul. The first EP "TYTAN 1st EP "Your Call") has been released, consisting of 3 new songs, Your Call (located on her), the title track of the same name as the EP Wish Wish, a crazy song that loves fun beats, comes to Angel, a soft pop song, and All Night (feat. Loco). I myself want to know everyone's feedback on which song I like the most on this EP." April 2023: Win 5 lucky winners to get a VDO Call with Tai Tan Follow TYTAN 1st EP "Your Call" on social media @411ent Facebook fan page www.facebook.com/fouroneoneent Twitter https://twitter.com/411ent Instagram https://instagram.com/411ent YouTube https://www.youtube.com/411ent SPONSORED
Concert "4 Podam" vs. "3 Pecks" 7 artists preparing to beat the music|(See you at the concert, pay with hilarity, end of all stress) with the best concert of the year in "Concert 4 Podam vs. 3 Peck" #อสรพิษมิตรร้าย with full carable fun from 2 gangs that are always on the verge of beating. Between the veteran seniors from The Star "4 Podam" Kan-Naphat, Cheam-Vichayanee, Dom-Jaruwat and Tum Warawut clashes with a tight junior gang who wants to debut as "3 Pecks" Aof-Pongsak, Ben-Chalatit and Sani-Nipaphon, who are ready to clash with powerful vocals with songs that are all over the arsenal and the secret mouthpieces are hot and spicy. With a scream and a song because it's so impressive, Ha tears up during the talk session, enjoying the wow show!!! All impressions from CHANGE Showbiz with the production, stage, lighting, color, sound, magnificent full 10, not broken apart from the joy and fun that the audience will receive by purchasing tickets to "Concert 4 Black vs. 3 Peck" #อสรพิษมิตรร้าย This time, we also made merit together! Donated a portion of the proceeds from "Concert 4 Podam vs. 3 Peck" #อสรพิษมิตรร้าย to "Saithan Sukjai Foundation" to help the elderly and needy, including bedridden patients. Get ready for entertainment from April 1-2 on Saturday at 7 p.m. and Sunday at 5 p.m. at Royal Paragon Hall.
Aam Chutima apologizes for hosting a concert in Korea, ghost enters pub, arrested and sent back to Thailand (video)|It is highly controversial. Singer Aam Chutima played a concert in Incheon, South Korea, which was attended by many Thais, including ghosts (Thai workers who illegally worked in Korea). The event was inspected by police officers in the store. A total of 158 Thai workers were arrested for illegal work in South Korea, with 149 arrested in the first store and 9 in the second store. The people at home are waiting" and "My heartfelt apologies. I'm sorry", which many people on social media have commented on this issue and cheered for Aam Chutima, saying that what Aam did was not wrong, but the people who went to be little ghosts were wrong and had to accept the risk of what they did.
Bogie Lion sweeps 20 presenters, gets a lot of wealth, and loses his health.|I can't do it. 5G singer, bogie lion or pichsini Weerasuttimas, who has won more than 20 presenters so far, has been busy for the past year at GM GRANDOPENING NEW PRESENTER Saikono Collagen Aorraa Plus at CentralWorld. Admit to working hard and negatively affecting your health. Now the allergy is severely aggravated, spreading to the vocal cords, nasal cavity. "We probably wouldn't be doing this much work, if we weren't in debt, joking, we were really workaholic, we felt like we were dormant and distracted, the day before we went to work in the province, the team took a plane, but Bogie chose to take a 10-hour van ride to sing for 1 hour, then take the van back for another 10 hours. Now let's get to the bottom of it. If you don't do it, don't do it"How much does it affect your health?", but because we previously had a postponement because of strep throat. The work that has been postponed must be compounded with the upcoming work. Bo is still swaying, but we're worried about the team if they're still swayed. Because he had to go with us to almost every job before, Bo took about 5 days off work, we thought it was acid reflux because he ate and slept in the van, but when we went to the doctor, it turned out that we had a serious allergy, allergic to the vocal cords, nasal cavity. It is caused by air pollution, which everyone seems to encounter today. It's not just Bo who is affected by pollution, but because we're singers, ears, eyes, nose and throat, it's all connected, so I'm a little worried. Bo's job queue, if you hear about it, should be light, but it should be next year." Call your manager's number. Now the remaining presenter is a hospital, ready to receive anywhere, and the treatment is very full, and really, our body has 32 organs, there are still many parts that can be taken, but I have to say that we do not get it all the time. We ourselves really have to be in tune with that brand, "How much money have you spent?", let's be honest. Bo doesn't know his fee or rate right now. There are friends who own the brand to ask us about the work. But we don't really know (laughs)." "We really don't have that much, but we are interested in horoscopes, stars, and calendar dates, whether it's Thai astrology, Chinese astrology or gypsy bamboo, which is not one hundred percent believable, but in case it's about 99.89 (laughs), it's hard to say because we have a lot of known fortune tellers in our lives, and we studied it."
Young Kornchai Insisted on never getting money out of the stream, but heard lawyers call 3.5 lakh (clip)|It immediately became a hot topic. After Mr. Tum's lawyer, Mr. Sititra Baibangborn, alluded to a female lawyer who charged 300,000 baht for the show, he challenged him to ask Young Korrachai. See which is the point. Young Korrachai spoke through the news program Put eggs on Thairath TV channel, insisting that the program does not collect any money. He used the term "a woman's lawyer collects money for the show, and collects 300,000 baht for her client." Young Korrachai, we have to answer that we have heard this one really because there used to be a group of lawyers who are not lawyers Tum, another group of lawyers, he said that someone went to the show, streamed, and was this lawyer really collecting real money, but not about the show, like this lawyer, he collected it as a professional fee, which he said was a professional fee, but it really seemed like money for the time he had to go to the show. Collect 300,000, including a little value, it is 350,000 that I heard"SPONSORED, then Young Korrachai confirmed that he never collected, but admitted that there are people who actually contacted to issue the show, asking to leave by asking to buy the time of the show to be issued, will pay to come to the show, but he looks at the context of the people who will come out, feels like a laundering. Let me say that, no. I say no, but I have to be careful because there are so many directions. I'm confused too. That's why I'm circling back to you. Young Korrachai said that the evidence on this matter itself is in hand, but it is not about us. Anyone who loses their usefulness should come out and demand justice themselves.
Mike Patradej Answer after drama, don't compare it.|Having been away from the screen for 2 years, the young hero Mike Patradej has returned to the theater for fans to watch to be nostalgic. Mike's return to meet Jin Mukda Narinrak. This event, in addition to the debut ratings, will start strongly. The response from fans was overwhelming, including the drama being compared to the popular drama of another channel. I'm glad because I've been away from the screen for almost 2 years, so I'm excited that when we come back again. Do people still miss us? And when it aired, I went live on Facebook. When he watched the play, he talked about the meat of the play as fun, usually if the drama wasn't fun. He'll talk to the big hero. The hero is so handsome, it's just talking. But here he talks about the content of the play. Why didn't Khun Luang say why Mae Orn (Mukda Narinrak) was like that, how was it with the 2-year absence? The fans are so welcoming? The fans are getting a novelty because I haven't played Piraeus before. I've been playing for 10 years, and I've never played a dress like this. My fans love it when I'm dressed as a royal, it's discreet. Looks calm. If you're talking about acting. I PERSONALLY HAVE BOTH LIKES AND DISLIKES SPONSORED. I still have a hard tongue. Because this is the first Piraeus drama. We did a lot of homework. We're so excited. When I used the dialogue in the play in everyday life, I met my best friend, and I talked to him in the scripted language. My friend asked if I was going to shoot a drama tomorrow (laughs) and I said yes, and when I was with the character, I used this language and started to get in my mouth. I think the fans love the role of Mr. Luang Ratchamantri because he said that it is not the same as the real one (laughs). This is true. No air conditioning What will help cool off the body is to remove the shirt. In fact, I went to see the old-fashioned dress code. Some women don't wear tops either because of the hot weather, I think it's sticky, so Mr. Luang Ratchamantri won't wear a shirt often, especially at night, because most of the nights will take off their sleeping clothes, but there will be an identification shirt, a see-through robe, which you will like to wear to stand in the mood before going to bed when thinking about the fun girl of this drama. It will be a story about love, a bond of different nations, a story of proving true love that must go through obstacles. Khun Luang and Khemor It's fun to invite everyone to follow along, I think the charm of this drama has a lot of different aspects. Clothes, face, hair. The team is very focused. The charm of the language in the play is really good, including the director, the actors. I myself am very happy to go to this theater. It's a pleasure to be this character, which I see as a charm that I can feel. I don't know how to explain it, but what I believe is that when we are happy, people will feel the same feeling. When the drama airs He'll be happy to perform through all of our characters for this story, where is the difficulty?, believe it or not, it's not just the drama. Everything. For me, I want us to feel the truth of the characters. In this story, the character's beliefs are about promises, cover-ups, which nowadays everyone may feel is irrational, not very emotional, but in the old days, it was a huge burden. If promised, however, it must be fulfilled. If you want to do it, you can do it if you have to compose. In this regard, Mr. Luang Ratchamantri has a contract to marry Mae Bua (Maggie Apa). That's the old-fashioned belief and the character's beliefs that we should have to do, it's what the parents want us to do, it's the mental burden of the character, or it's the belief about touching the flesh of a woman. We have to find a spot to find out, like when Mae Orn (Mukda Narinrak) says something and how should we feel? How do you express yourself like she says love, it's called having to do a lot of homework, trying to understand the thoughts of the people of the time, how they would think and express themselves. For me, I'm trying to focus on every job that comes my way. In fact, if we sit back and look at ourselves, we still have weaknesses and strengths. In terms of strengths, we keep them, but we still have to try to improve ourselves. But if we find weaknesses, we have to rush to improve them, today we still see them. Give me an example. Like today, we're going to have to go to this scene. We were expecting a lot to get to where we were playing, but if we got to the point where we couldn't get to the point where we couldn't finally get home, we told ourselves it was okay. But we have to keep improving ourselves. The most intentional is if we go to the theater and there is no faith in the character. It doesn't prepare a character perspective at all. I'm going to blame myself for why we didn't do it, it's going to make us worse, but if we've done it, but people blame us, we'll be able to say it's okay because we've done our best. For me, let's do our best first. What will be the outcome and then we will rejoin Mukda? What was it like to be back with Mukda again because we're already in the right place? When you look at each other, you won't be shy. You don't have to adjust a lot, look at your eyes and communicate. You can say love in the drama. I believe the audience should be able to feel from here what the scene is like in this story. The romance for this drama is the feeling of 2 characters loving each other, who love each other more than love themselves. He loves Mae Orn Khemor and doesn't want him to go anywhere because if he wasn't, we had been married to Mae Bua a long time ago. But this is the man we have been waiting for him for so long. We were one-hearted lovers until we met him who we knew was yes, but in the end we wanted him to go. Because we love him, but he is here, he will be dangerous. He's here, he's unhappy. I love him very much, but I'm more worried about him. Mom is the same. He loves Khun Luang, but the fact that he is here is a burden, both the contract of Mr. Luang with Mae Bua and Mr. Luang must come to take care of him. Since his arrival, he feels that he has made his family unhappy. They love each other and want to make sacrifices for their loved ones. The challenge of this is open-minded courage. He had to have the courage to act in matters that were contrary to the beliefs of the people of those days. I'll have to wait and see. To be compared to another drama?watch the drama to have fun, why compare because the drama already has a different storyline. I want to watch the drama and enjoy the show. Enjoy the storyline of the drama, rather than comparing it to spoil the atmosphere of the play. There's nothing better than nothing. What is that person going to like? What kind of atmosphere do you prefer, which if the comparison is helpful, it's okay. But sometimes the comparison is not useful, it will spoil the taste of watching the drama in vain, if we already like the drama, we watch it. Let it go, sir, we have our happiness for Mike himself. Is this kind of comparison discouraging? We do our best. In our duties Other things are no longer our job. After we've worked hard and worked out. The viewer will be the judge. So I'm sorry.
Y Series of the Year The corpse whispered, fitted, and then Fluk Pongsakorn changed a new pair.|Once again, there is a new work coming in the form of a Y series with the story The corpse whispered. This work is said to be both haunting, blood-soaked, and both so satisfying that it is guaranteed to be fun from Pakinai's best novels, which, despite his death, leave a lot of works, including this one. The corpse whispered. The herre-themed series was created by two talented presenters, Kukrit Chanthima and Taweesak Patumma from K10 Global content. A handsome man with a bright face, Fluk Pongsakorn, changed his new look to long hair in the style of Oppa, and changed his new jin pair to opposite Mr. Ek Red Badge. Per Komkrich, who says that the character in the story can't be beaten, the hundred peppers are not there, there are also bright actors who ask to serve a lot of fun. Such as Chino Conquer, Pol Nattaphan, Na Khun, Theer Theerapat, Time Obnithi, Ping Obnithi. The chemistry of the actors fits perfectly. Don't miss out on series Y of the Year. The corpse whispered. THIS YEAR IS DEFINITELY WATCHED.SPONSORED
M. Topaz reveals the cause of the nose dilemma I'm going to get hurt in the 4th round because of the doctor.|M. Topaz, the beautiful daughter of comedy soup'tar Mum Jok Mok, who today will show off her new nose. Ready to reopen the cause because of faith. In addition to being scolded by psychopaths in the box for 2 years, this event, the husband Golf Korawat opened his heart through the "Chat Zap show" on Channel One 31, which has Ning Panita and Benz Pornchita as the hosts of this newest series?M: This is the 4th series. M: M has done nose surgery 3 times until the 4th time to solve it. The doctor said that if you do forehead and nose surgery, it will be better to get the property, will open the property door better, we didn't think about it because I wanted to do a project. If we solve Where do I need to solve it? Let's talk about it. The same words as the fortune teller, why not do the forehead with you, get it with the nose, which the forehead is something that M never thought of doing before.sponsored Forehead what did you do?M: Go put silicone, Em has 2 wounds, M tells him that M does not take cichlids. Don't take Barbie's forehead, don't take the nod, M wants it to match the newly solved nose. Many people will feel that M only solves his nose, but M does 2 things other than consulting a fortune teller. Golf: I don't want to, 1. I'm afraid he's hurt, I feel like that's enough. We're ok, we're happy 2. I think he's going to do it far, I think he's going to go to Korea, I feel like I'm going to hurt him, if something comes up, what to do, but in the end, he's only doing it in Thailand, but when he wants to do it, we're ok: take a review and sit and watch it every day. M: Take him with you, drop him off, let's go see what's going on, give him a little peace of mind, golf: go ahead, like we intend to go to our vlog. He looked like he had been anesthetized, like he was half-drunk, a little drunk, like a little delirious, and then anesthetized. When he was anesthetized, he had to put a breathing tube in it. It's like we can't make up our minds. We felt it was violent, like he was rocking his head and wearing it. M: He was afraid that M wouldn't wake up to see that when he did, he had the idea of telling the doctor to remove his nose. Golf: Golf used to tell him from the beginning that he was okay, M: The original one used to show him how to get a nose augmentation, and the original nose was already ridged, but the flesh at the tip of the nose was very large. M said think about it if M went to remove the silicone. Have you ever seen an eel walking? We've had silicone for over 10 years and I'm going to remove it, it's weird, it's been with me for a long time. How do I get rid of the nasal swab? M: Yes, it's shocking that the day I took off the magoff on my forehead and wanted to buy a lottery ticket. When the evening came, we were 3 numbers, 5 cards, 20,000, and it wasn't just luck. It's getting better. We started to have jobs, met a lot of people, had more connections, we were happy with our faces, but some people didn't do it with us but were not happy. Everyone, when they have surgery or surgery, feels that it is the most delicate period, it will have a few words, but it will make us feel bad, but M himself, M already understands the human truth that when the surgery comes, it requires recovery, swollen face. Green face, bruised face, people will come to say that they don't see beauty at all. Like an alien, it's not worth reworking. The old one is prettier, M thinks in his heart that any nose is Gu's nose, M thinks that this nose fits Gu's face, it's Gu's nose, what do you want to say to the person who wrote something like this? M: Not with M alone, whether it's online. You can speak in person, gossip behind your back, and many other things, these prejudices make the listener feel bad. People don't remember what they said. But how many years have passed since I remember it, and I will never forget it, but M has a fairly high immunity, because M has been since childhood, so I don't tie my heart to hurt much. Sneak in and look at other people's houses. I don't have a job, I sue my mother, I'm going to take 2 million, I don't know, his insults are weird, and then there's another Lao face. Isan Page I don't see it pretty at all, but I should do my brain first. Daddy's Island is loud, cocky, and when I block it, it's gone and it's back again. Make a new IG. Create a new Facebook, but which of the same insults make us the most angry?M: Now M is not there anymore. Father M big story. There was a comment probably on YouTube commenting that my dad wasn't funny at all. We're so angry. Why come to our father? This one M will also go to fight with him, it will be a bit of an intellectual insult. Why not report the case to the police? M: Actually, it's very easy to do. One that didn't do it because my dad asked for it, and now we're not in trouble. The school fees come and see you, this couple looks really hilarious. Golf: There are some, but it's not called a quarrel because it has to be bipartisan. This one is more like one of us being wrong. We like to go home late, drink and enjoy. Before the wedding, M was a tourist. But when we got married, we gave up that habit, but this person didn't quit, even talked about work. I finished talking at 3 p.m. She loves meeting new people and talking. Golf: Bad M: Start by locking the bedroom door and go to sleep downstairs Golf: Sleep on the sofa downstairs and wake up in the morning. On the other hand, Meng is not as good as him. M will be 3 times, if not, this is a big one. About half a day later, then there's a time to call and not answer the phone, not answering line?M: He'll be in the wind and he won't hear the noise, or he's getting drunk. If he travels, he only asks for 3 things: where to go, who to go with, what time to return. M wasn't the one who called that much, so he could travel to the fullest, but assuming the time was getting weird, then we would call golf: what time did M ask for 3 things, what time was it? I don't want to answer because I'm afraid I can't do it, how is it?M: M is angry and doesn't talk. Let's say that when M is quiet, try to calm down. Don't mess with Mna, let's get M to gather consciousness first, let's not quit, until M says if you don't quit, you'll destroy your belongings here, man, it's like a bomb that exploded. We try not to be like this anymore, don't let us be like this, don't just don't really want him to see us in that picture. M was so angry that he hadn't seen M in that corner. But M never worried about him about women. I'm just more worried about accidents. Every time we fight, it's about going home at the wrong time, maybe he didn't answer the call. A person who is a wife is at home and has children lying next to us. Is he going to be anything? When we called, he didn't answer. He didn't know our hearts were going to fall out. That's a bad idea. If the end of the call is a woman, it feels better than volunteering or a hospital, something like that. M: No, the rule is to set hope. M didn't want herself to be like that. I just feel bad besides going home in the morning. Golf: There's one thing that M gives an ultimatum. But they have to take responsibility for their own duties. We have a duty to wake up early to brush our teeth for our children, and then to deliver them. We talked about having time there, but that's when we woke up and brushed our teeth. Let's sleep for a while, we thought he was going to wake up. He didn't wake up. He drove to drop off the baby and went. Don't come home M: yes, and turn off the machine with golf: Wake up at 8-9 a.m. and find out where you are, and then quickly call and don't answer. We hurried to take a shower, trying to figure out what he was doing today, oh, he went to the mall, okay, we hurried to the mall. Golf walk for hours M: There are a few shops where M likes to go to golf: we think that we found sure, when we arrived, oh, Mr. M just left, we took it... We saw it from afar, and we quickly took a picture of the story saying Mission to Find M. M: When we saw it, we didn't see it. Tell him that he came to get some water and walked away into Top Golf: We saw that he was running this way, Golf knew that he was going this way, ehm: He came in and hugged, happy ending, watched the clip.
Lydia Drama leaves bomb for Claudine After the announcement, Ploy Chermal is single.|After rumors broke out that Ploy Chermal and actress Claudine Atittaya Craig had broken up because many people suspected that the couple did not have the same sweet pictures as before, the beloved sister Lydia Sarunrat posted a clear message on behalf of her sister, saying, "Beautiful, zap and completely single! Please help me love my sister in one love. Sincerely. Real love, hope, compose. Don't waste time, like the last love that won't hurt and regret again! (I don't want to see my sister hurt anymore) @chermarn." Before Ploy commented, "Omgggg, she's very sure. Thank you for loving and protecting each other, I love Lydia and my family." When someone commented on Lydia's post, "This kind of post means you leave a bomb for the other party, and the other party doesn't have the right to edit the news because they don't like the media." He wouldn't dare to speak out. But someone has also blamed Lydia for not coming out with a post like this. If it's true, it's better to speak for yourself. For example, if the story is true, let him speak for himself better than wow, he has to let him speak for himself, is it not better to talk to himself, and then post like this, it is equal to throwing at the child, the true story should not be. WHERE DID HE GO FIRST?.
BLACKPINK's Lisa flies back to Thailand to celebrate her 26th birthday.|It's the warmest birthday for Lisa Lalisa. BlackPink is a world-renowned Korean girl group with Thai blood, who turns 26 this year and fans around the world are sending greetings and good projects with the hashtag #26EdelweissForLISA #TheGreatestLalisaDay to Lisa on social media. In addition, the fan group also asked all blinks who see Lisa in public to give privacy to the artist and not post real-time coordinate updates because they want Lisa to be happy and have privacy about returning home to her family.
Kornchai Don't be a good post, don't be a good mouth, chick, quick lick, even hurry to comment.|Another social twitch of the albino glands. When the fan page of the famous host, Young Korrachai Genesis Ploy, posted a message that made many people wonder who it was referring to. Young Korrachai posted a picture of Young Korrachai. In a black dress with the message "If you are heartbroken, don't be a good mouth, just a samphawesi, don't be a jerk, don't be a jerk, act like the way", made fans who follow the page like and comment a lotSPONSORED, with celebrities commenting such as Lee Chick Liab Express, who immediately said, "That's it, people think that damn me, 555555555 tour, come down again, after putting the initials with voyhia", Kratib Chawalkar "Huy, guess who the student is", Taeng Pongsakorn "The young man is very kind, there is always something to warn and advise the younger brothers. Aum Iravat "Listen, kids, otherwise you'll eat incense in front of the rice, don't be a jerk!" etc.
Bow Benjawan wears a swimsuit to challenge the sun, showing off her beautiful body. White Skin Aura (Clip)|There's really no change for actress Bow Benjawan Ardner, the sweetheart of the young hero. Jirayu Tansakul, who revealed the sexy zest that has melted fans because of the latest Bow Benjawan showed off his zest during a trip to the sea at Cloth Island. Picture in a dark blue one-piece swimsuit with a cat motif. Show off your perfect body with a pose and see your white skin and aura flash throughout the beach.  In addition, Bow showed off his zest in a two-piece swimsuit. Even though he was wearing black see-through pants, he still saw his sexy skin, including a clip in the pool that, although seen from afar, showed sexiness, making fans say that they liked this style, very beautiful, etc.    
Teacher Beer Nutiya wears a bikini but gets the wrong focus, resulting in an overt drama.|It is another trending couple in the online world. For Teacher Beer Nutiya Yaraphan, a famous TikTok star, with Negen Jetrin Srisang. The couple has a sweet and cute moment that fans often see on social media. Kru Beer and Negen recently visited Hua Hin and filmed an event to promote their brand's products, but the event was met with a lot of drama. When Beer Teacher posted a clip of herself on TikTok, she was wearing a colorful bikini. The clip shows him promoting his product, but many of those who followed him focused on the wrong spot and thought that the bikini worn by the beer teacher was too pornographic. HE ALSO SAID THAT THE BEER TEACHER WAS TOO SKINNY AND MADE HIM WEAR A SWIMSUIT THAT WAS NOT BEAUTIFUL. The beer teacher himself came out to clear the drama, "Beer apologizes to everyone because the beer went to shoot the event, the beer went to shoot the event, usually the beer was not worn at home, when live, everyone will know, but that day the beer went to shoot the actual event from the clip that everyone saw like seeing the sister smiling.
Grammy-RS Creating a historic phenomenon awaits (clip)|IT WAS LAUNCHED WITH THE GRAMMY RS CONCERTS PRESS CONFERENCE AT AKSARA KING POWER (SOI RANGNAM), WHICH INCLUDED MANY FAMOUS ARTISTS. Moss-Tao-Dan-Beam-Lydia-Nook-Bo-Tata and Jock Sokool represented the media in interviews. To the concert that created a historic phenomenon, that this concert is a historic one, it is a pride. Whoever gets up will be very happy and honored to work together. In the past, they might have just walked past each other, but now they're working together, but what's the show? We've also got a lot of money. It's nice to be a part of this concert and to do our best, but there's going to be a show we can't really tell, and at the concert we still don't know what to sing. Will you exchange songs or sing a duet, but there will always be something waiting to surprise everyone? That never happened at the Grammys. R.S. will go up and sing together. There will be 3 concerts, but the camp has not yet said who will perform which concert. This is a must-see concert before you die. Don't Miss SPONSORED
GRAMMY RS CONCERTS makes history with 3 big concerts this year|The wait is over. The press conference was launched with a historic phenomenon in Thailand when 'GMM MUSIC' and 'RS MUSIC' were launched. First official partnership sealed UNDER THE COLLABORATION OF ACROSS THE UNIVERSE JOINT VENTURE TO CREATE AN UNPRECEDENTED HISTORICAL MUSICAL PHENOMENON, GRAMMY RS CONCERTS #ปรากฏการณ์ครั้งประวัติศาสตร์ THAT BRINGS TOGETHER ARTISTS FROM THE 90s AND 2000S. There is a lot of media attention to the atmosphere and news reports. The historic start of the session was led by 2 major generals, Mr. Che Pavit Painter, Chief Business Officer, GMM Music, GMM Grammy Public Company Limited, and Mr. Tum Wittawat Vejchabusakorn. The Chief Financial Officer of RS Public Company Limited, as a member of the Joint Venture Committee, shared about the beginning of the project and the phenomenon of this historic partnership. THE TEAM WHO PREPARED THIS EVENT MUST NOT BE EXTRAORDINARY, BECAUSE THE TEAM OF ORGANIZERS FROM GMM SHOW, THE CREATIVE CREATOR OF THE GRAMMY RS CONCERTS PROJECT, LED BY PAATE YUTTANA BOONOM. Senior Executive Vice President-Showbiz GMM SHOW Mr. Saksakul Kaewmat Senior Vice President - Production and Creative SHOWBIZ BRAND CREATIVE - IDEAFACT and Mr. Paankaew Satyawutpong The Director of Production and Creative Department of SHOWBIZ BRAND CREATIVE - GAYRAY under GMM SHOW came up to talk about the much-awaited project "GRAMMY RS CONCERTS", the fun that will happen, including all the nostalgic memories, every hit and tearful song, all genres, hip-hop, pop, rock, country, all the dance moves that have been covered in pioneers. Full of fashion Clothes, face, hair, face-to-face Song by song, medley per medley, with a surprise cross-label reunion. Cross band The 40-year-old has been waiting for three major concerts on July 29-30, September 9-10 and October 28-29 at IMPACT Arena. Muang Thong Thani whispered that from now on, start rehearsing singing, rehearsing, dancing, listening to playlists in a loop. At this event, an army of artists representing artists from 'GRAMMY' and 'RS' all joined the crowd on the same stage. Led by Taj Na Takuatung, Moss Patipan, Tao Somchai, Tata Young, Nook Suthida, 2002 Night - Cat, Yaya Yin, Belle, Wa Wah, Girly Berry - Gibsy, Giftsa, Belle, Nanny, Peck Chumchok, Ice Defender, Dan, Beam, Am Saolak, Mam Patcharida, Bo Sunita, Pan Thanaporn, New-Tiny, Lydia, Aof Pongsak, Dang Pankorn, Jok Sokool and Fluk Steam are ready to talk and have fun examples for fans to go back to the day. Wattanapanich, Nook Suthida, Nat Myria, Girly Berry, Zaza, Four Sakolrat, Golf Pichaya, Rattan, 2002 Night, Chinadolls, Katriya English, Neko Jump, Yaya Ying, Faye Fang Kaew, Peck Chumchok, Dan-Beam, Lydia Sarunrat, Shin Chinwut, Basu, Ice Sarunyu, Dang Pankorn, Bank Preti, Pan Thanaporn, Young Kala, Mam Patcharida, Bo Sunita, Fluk Steam, Aof Pongsak, Sarram, Jug Chawin, New-Tiny, Jok Sokool, Wu Thanathorn, Am Saolak, Ying Lee, Tai Thanavut, Peter Corp., Eid Fly, Pop Pongkul, Anan Anwa and many more artists. This national phenomenon is believed to be something that all fans are interested in. Looking forward to more than 40 years.
Tata also accepts Book Sikpat and is comfortable. Ignoring male rumors (clip)|After being caught up in a love affair for Tata Young and actor Book Sikpat recently at the opening press conference of GRAMMY RS CONCERTS at Aksara KING POWER Theatre (Soi Rangnam), Tata opened up about whether they are boyfriends. Let's wrap it up first. We are not in a hurry. We're calm," we're talking. "We've been friends for a long time, but we just became close in December"What makes this person click? I'm feeling quite happy here, and I don't want to rush. I want it to go gradually," he said. WHICH HAS GONE DOWN A LOT IN THE PAST, BUT LET'S NOT GO AND SEE"SPONSORED, WHY CHOOSE TO OPEN UP TO THIS PERSON? I think it's our album at different stages of our lives. If you go to see the paint. Apply will not be deleted. What changes do we have because we can go back and see what that life was like, and during this lifetime I feel like I'm a very close friend. Now it's comfortable, like I said, there are only good stories that have happened, it's ok, we're calm, don't rush"When the news started, how did you feel?", it would be normal for 2 of us because he is also a star. Let's be honest. The first couple photos that everyone thought were launched was to go to eat and take a photo and see the light pictures, everything was good, should be decorated with IG, and then we took a photo for the book and took the name of many Thai photographers to be like Joh. The trend is very hot, it's a fan. Launched, welcomed. Hold on Calm down with us, we've just been through it, even though it's been 2 years, it takes time to start or something new. I didn't feel like I needed to rush or rush. I want to spend a lot of time here." Eat (smile)"After posting the first photo. When the next photo is beautiful, it's all beautiful. He's not bad, but we're not bad either. So I thought it was a photo taken together. "How much time do you have?" We've actually been friends in the gang before, so it's like we're sitting down and talking to each other. Talk to each other, know a lot of things, laugh a lot. He has a good energy when people are around. He'll know he's a good energy person with positive energy, and he's a caring person, a good person, a good friend, "What do you expect from this relationship?" Don't expect anything. Today, you guys don't expect anything from us. "Does it affect the presence of netizens to congratulate them? "No, thank you, I'm glad everyone is happy, it's hard to talk alone (laughs)." When did the news come out?" We have to talk, I think let everything be natural, and time will prove a lot of things in this regard. What do you think, son?", calm down, Ray and Book have been seeing each other for a long time. He's known each other for a long time. It's not that you don't know anything and come in, as Ta says with status, Ta hasn't clarified exactly what it is, it's a close friend. He looks very chill. Ta was a bit tense because Ta also cared about Ray's feelings and a lot of things happened, because everything that Ta said here one day we could come back and see. So I have to be extra careful here"With the rumors about him, isn't he?" And I think this should be asked by myself. It's not the area of the slave to answer, but if you ask it, it's for the slave. I don't care about anything about it, but in this day and age, it's anything. Ta just thinks that if we do something and we are happy, then it is good. Whoever is with us promotes us in a positive way. Make us comfortable, it's ok".
WHO'S GRAMMY RS CONCERTS CHECKLIST? Seeing the list and dreaming of the fans.|The wait is over. The press conference was launched with a historic phenomenon in Thailand when 'GMM MUSIC' and 'RS MUSIC' were launched. THE FIRST OFFICIAL PARTNERSHIP UNDER THE PARTNERSHIP TO FORM ACROSS THE UNIVERSE JOINT VENTURE TO CREATE AN UNPRECEDENTED MUSICAL PHENOMENON. GRAMMY RS CONCERTS #ปรากฏการณ์ครั้งประวัติศาสตร์ที่รวบรวมศิลปินตั้งแต่ยุค 90 AND THE 2000s HAVE GATHERED IN THE PROJECT THAT EVERYONE HAS BEEN WAITING FOR "GRAMMY RS CONCERTS" FOR MORE THAN 40 YEARS AND WILL TAKE PLACE AT ALL THREE MAJOR CONCERTS ON JULY 29-30, 9-10 SEPTEMBER AND OCTOBER 28-29 AT IMPACT ARENA. At this event, an army of artists representing artists from 'GRAMMY' and 'RS' all joined the event on the same stage. Led by 'Taj Na Takua thung, Moss Patipan, Tao Somchai, Tata Young, Nook Suthida, 2002 Night - Cat, Yaya Yin, Belle, Wa Wah, Girly Berry - Gibsy, Giftsa, Belle, Nanny, Peck Chumchok, Ice Defender, Dan, Beam, Am Saolak, Mam Patcharida, Bo Sunita, Pan Thanaporn, New-Tiny, Lydia, Aof Pongsak, Dang Pankorn, Jok Sokool and Fluk Steam' SPONSOREDThe will be joined by 3 big concerts from over 100 artists led by J Jetrin, Taj Na Takuatung, Christina Aguilar, Raptor, Mai Charoenpura, Dom Pakorn Lam, Moss Patipan, Lift-Oy, Tata Young, Tao Somchai, Nicole Therio, James Ruangsak, Masha. Wattanapanich, Nook Suthida, Nat Myria, Girly Berry, Zaza, Four Sakolrat, Golf Pichaya, Rattan, 2002 Night, China Dolls, Katriya English, Neko Jump, Yaya Ying, Faye Fang Kaew, Peck Chumchok, Dan-Beam, Lydia Sarunrat, Shin Chinwut, Basu, Ice Defender, Dang Pankar, Bank Priti, Pan Thanaporn, Young Kala, Mam Patcharida, Bo Sunita, Fluk Steam, Aof Pongsak, Sarram, Jug Chawin, New-Tiny, Jok Sokool, Wu Thanathorn, Am Saolak, Ying Lee, Tai Thanavut, Peter Corp., Eid Fly, Pop Pongkul, Anan Anwa and many other artists are national phenomenal this time. All the fans, who have been waiting for more than 40 years, are ready to knock rust, practice singing, get fit. All the fans are sure to dance with the fun.
The wind barely catches Paoli. Post a clip of a large snake entering the house, making the lottery neck focus on the full house number. |It has shocked the family of country singer Paoli Pornpimol again. After he posted a video of a very large snake creeping into the house, he called the security guard. In the clip, it is said that it made fans goosebumps because it is very clear that the snake is both large and very long. Not only was she shocked, but she didn't forget to leave her house number. The message reads, "Let's get started. (53) "Make the fans who come to comment as gamblers most of the time because they ask for the house number from the girl Pao Walee a lot, such as whispering to the brother pao, please let me focus on it, the house number is a little pao 555555, Oh, come on, bug, I'm sorry. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Sponsoreda post shared by Paowalee Grammygold (@paowalee1)SPONSORED
"Lydia-Sarunrat" My dearest brother posted to "Gemstone", with a single announcement caption, please note.|"Muaysa" with entertainment news report Right Here Right Now...
Jenny, it's all if refreshing. Answering about the fee, sit on the anchor's podium. |It was a huge surprise to the fans. After the singer, who owns a record label like Jenny Rushnok or Jenny, has exhausted, if refreshed, turned into a new role with becoming a news anchor for the first time in her life, she reveals that she feels very excited but ready to prove to everyone that she can do her homework hard for this? I don't sleep at all, I'm as determined as adults give me, and what's new is always challenging and exciting. I'm actually a talk-related person, but when I asked, I had to dismantle what I had learned from my teacher, and I was excited and how to make the best of my time. Working with children? Rehearse anytime Nowadays, people in the house are called you, the audience, you are in the blood, very excited, we want it absorbed, because we are afraid that we will lose and it cannot be done. We have to be very serious, try to watch the brothers and try to put ourselves in it by putting pressure on ourselves? The seniors suggested that we try not to find shadows because it is not ourselves, but we try to apply their good things to their husbands, how can they encourage them? But he would say, "We talk a lot, and if it's helpful, how do we deal with the anti-trend?" When the teaser went out, I barely read the comments. If you knew there was Jenny, you'd have to take a tour. But we're going to have to prove it to people that it's competent, and we're going to have to see what the comments are. Because if we are too excited, it will become nervous, believe it or not, like we go to the first concert, because the first concert is a tour that cannot go down, and let's see after reading the news today, but the news is difficult because it is difficult that it is fresh and how can we tell him the most understandable, how to practice? Most of the time, we are good at news about spouses, wives killing wives, because we are good at that, but not that our husbands have little wives, because we just sit and read it like we don't really understand, trying to learn a lot of news, doing a lot of homework, expensive money? Of all the careers we've done, it's the least, but we're most excited because the jobs we like are always happier than the ones we get paid for. This work is not intended for money, but is intended to prove that we have a wide range of abilities, but in terms of money, it is not too little. Because if people are able to live at all, but compared to the work we've done, it's not serious at all. It's been a dream since childhood to be on TV. I want to be a host. Today we got that opportunity and it's full.sponsored
“GDH” Open house and serve new jobs. Send happiness Creating Thai entertainment to the global market|GDH opens its home and serves new jobs "To Her Heart", continues to produce quality entertainment films and series, opens up opportunities to increase investment with experienced partners, and contributes to the creation of Thai entertainment to the global market. Gina Osotsin Chief Executive Officer of GDH 559 Co., Ltd. revealed, "In the past year, GDH has opened up the opportunity to add young and energetic workers to create new jobs to bring happiness to all groups of Thai people and bring Thai film team to reach global market goals. This year we have the movie "You and Me and Me." The response at foreign film festivals has been very positive. There is a movie called "House for Rent...Sacrificial", which we have joint venture with N.A.T. Studios, joining forces to distribute the film to the international market. Especially big markets like the United States, which will be released in Thailand on April 6, and we also have "DELETE". The first major Netflix release at the end of the year. October will be the month of celebration of the 20th anniversary of "My Girlfriend", with the film being remastered. Six fan directors will share a special story, followed by "GDH FUN FEST", a festival held to please both GTH and GDH fans. In November, we had a teen movie that GDH had a joint venture with Houseton, "Friends (Not) Close", produced by Baz—Nattawut Poonpiriya, co-produced by Atta Themdy, ending the year with "PROJECT D" (Working Title) by director Boss—Narubet Guno, who had PP-Krist and Ingfa Varaha join together for the first time. Next year, we are preparing to start the year with the movie "THE CHINESE FAMILY" (Working Title) with Bukin-Puttipong co-starring by Pat Boonnithipat.
Beach Boys & Girls Music Fest|"Beach Boys & Girls Music Fest", a music festival hosted by Atimeshowbiz, thailand's top concert producer, returns to the top of the charts to delight both boys and girls fans at Triple Tree Beach Resort, Cha-am North. Phetchaburi The atmosphere at the event was crowded with young beach party members dressed up. DJ Nan DJ Cable House EFM94 Welcome to the event Take joy booths from sponsors and enjoy a food zone filled with over half a hundred shops. "Orange-Marie" cuts the ribbon to explode hot, moves the degree to "V-Violet", a soft sound in a super summer dress, alternating the fun with the top boys and "Proxie" that brings the girls to scream. CONNECT AT "TILLY BIRDS" Fully stocked "The Toys" tops the form with both singing and rapping and guitar solo shows, and "Non-Thanon" to host playlists showing the power of sound and eating discs. Swapping the last girl's "Bogie Lion", the costumes are filled with ten peppers and painted with a seductive pattern with the big liver hit. "THREE MAN DOWN", despite the injury to his right arm, is not a problem, inviting everyone to get up and enjoy nonstop, sending tens of thousands of viewers home in full 8 hours!
Includes the moment "Sweet Sweet - Sweet Drama" for channel 3|It's been a fun 3-year experience for the "Beloved Festival 53 Years of Good for The Heart". On Sunday, at the football stadium of Thammasat Sports Center, Rangsit declared victory. Manager Janie's Purple And the handsome captain, Great-Warintorn. With a score of 12 to 8, it is considered "good for the heart" for channel 3's biggest entertainment extravaganza, starting with the song We will love you, which is accompanied by the opening performance of the superstars led by Boy-Pakorn, Great-Warinthorn, Nadej, Mak-Prin, Mario, Phon-Nawat, Gluff-Kanawut, James-Jirayu, James Marr, Nai-Naphat, Louis Scott, Alek-Theeradej, Krating-Khun Narong. Channel 3's male and female actors will be performing in a full-fledged show such as Bella-Rani, Yaya-Urasya, Bow-Melda, Kimberly, Mew-Nitta, Mint-Chalida, Margie-Rasri, Tei-Charinporn, Nicha-Nattanisha, Yam-Mathira, who also boarded a float around the stadium. Great led the purple team and Boy led the yellow team, bringing the players to the field, followed by the screams of the fans who flocked to cheer on their favorite stars until the stadium almost broke. Even though the sun is sweltering, the soup stars are even hotter. Run the ball all over the stadium. This year, I've been scoring goals for the Purple team. After that, it was Smith-Paswich. The yellow team scored a goal. In the end, the purple team won the football championship, and Nadejn Kukimiya and Smith also won the "Man of the Match" with sponsored. Many eyes are also witnessing the sweetness of Nadejn stealing 1 kiss of Yaya on the shoulder! I also saw the sweetness of another pair that Bow-Melda came to comfort. Alec after the team lost, which Alec couldn't help but grab his girlfriend's cheek! Even a couple of Mario who showed sweetheart and sweetheart. Chanji-Janjira came to see the boonta this event! It also catches Bella's eye and the gang. Mrs. M. saw that after getting off the float, Mint Mew, Margie and Bella walked out of the stadium with smiling expressions, and Mint and Bella walked together like nothing. This shot is called a complete downward drama.
Poo Praya Pose to show off your sexy figure in a black swimsuit. The inner comes very full.|Zap never spreads. I have to give it to the sexy heroine Poo Praya Lundberg. Although he has been working and living in the United States lately, he has updated his fans with the latest images that show that he is too resistant to the image of Poo Praya. A black two-piece swimsuit, even with a large hat covering the bottom, the pose says it. Peck the camera is broken, the inner comes full circle. THIS SHOT IS NOT REALLY SEXY, SPONSORED, INCLUDING THE SIGHT OF A CRAB WEARING A FULL BLACK SWIMSUIT, ALTHOUGH IT IS SEEN FROM AFAR, BUT IT IS VERY PENETRATING ON THE SCREEN. Seeing a beautiful body, sexy, slender, beautiful legs, beautiful whole people, the whole view, take it to 10 points.
She smirked, "the sound of birds," she cracked, forgetting to turn off the mic. Tell us the role of team manager.|He was dead and whispered to the rumors that happened on the set, caused by a technical glitch. The star forgot to turn off the mic until the bird sound had to be broken due to the bird sound to shoot a job. When I got a break, I told my manager to help me manage the team. Tell me the script is ready, wait for the mother manager to go out, as the bird voice says, but the one in the area should be strong. I forgot to turn off the mic. He heard that he had ordered all his followers, but it was also nice that the bird voice came out and apologized to the whole team. Next time, check the mic well. Otherwise, I'll be like a bird, and I'll find out if I don't warn you.
Rumored to be Saeed. The famous heroine of the 90s is in a relationship with the dark hero of the Y2K era, but it is not released.|The evening came after work like this, I believed that the traffic was heavy, so I had something to ask for the albino leg to investigate again. When a popular page like Channel 8 Entertainment News came out, the mystery opened up to The '90s sharp-eyed heroine has been dating the Y2K dark-eyed hero for a year now. Channel 8 entertainment news has revealed that "The sharp-eyed heroine of the 90s has been dating the dark hero of the Y2K era. Only friends know, having played movies together, discreet men. It used to be the screaming place of girls being a widower. Nowadays, women are very popular, there are more than 50 dramas, and men talking about names are still popular. For a long time, there will be works to be seen, and this heroine has also been married. Together, love lives failed. Therefore, they are very empathetic. THE COUPLE HASN'T CALLED THEIR BOYFRIEND STATUS YET, BUT THEY'RE QUIETLY GIGGLING AND UNDISCLOSED."
Koi Arachaporn Open your mind for the first time. After quitting Nikki personally is not close to Nun Suttipa. |Despite announcing that they had broken up. But the former sweet couple like the host-YouTuber is in a good mood, Nikki Nachat Chantaphan, and actress-YouTuber Muay Thai. Koi Arachaporn Pokinbakorn still has a good brotherly friendship. Latest Girls Koi Arachaporn and a gang of friends have opened up for the first time after quitting, Nikki revealed that her state of mind is now about 50 percent better. Sutthipha After being considered by netizens as the 3rd hand, causing them to break up in a summary of the importance of - the state of mind is now more than 50%, ask if you are more comfortable, it's okay, feel that it's over, we talked well, we talked long enough - our relationship was clear from before we both came out to speak, but only for a short period of time. Before we speak out. The main reason is here—for "Nun Suttipa". He's a colleague of "Nikki", we don't have a particularly close relationship, each person's body of work has different boundaries, tastes, judgments of one work, and we don't want to sit back and comment on whether each work is good or bad. Like it or not—we usually respect his work, and then we honor him for making decisions. It's his space, it's hardly intrusive in each other's space—on the day we're dating there's something that doesn't feel good, and we see we're already communicating it, and he's doing his best to keep the relationship going. So it's nothing, we're not satisfied, we're going to talk to each other —our problem is less communication. We expect the other person to understand. We expect the other person to know what we're thinking, so it makes us less communicative. One day we were tired of something else. It makes us feel like we don't want to try anymore—in memory of 3 years, we want it to end like that. I don't want us to keep bad memories, so I feel like it's the path we've chosen that we can be friends on—for "Arashporn" it's a song he's been doing for years, which is cute, maybe because it's a little different from when we quit or haven't quit yet. "Nikki," I said. We don't know what he tells people, but for us he gives us our personal space. And we didn't know what the future hold—in the end, the breakup was that the two of us couldn't go together. No matter what the cause is. Finally, don't ask who's wrong or who's right, because he's the one I love. So don't go to him or go on a tour down the hill.sponsored
Tails clears drama after quitting Nikki, no one is wrong because he's still the one we love (clip)|After announcing the end of the status between Nikki Nachat and Koi Arachaporn, it ended well. There was no third hand, but drama continued. Last seen Koi at the 19th Sharp Deep Awards at the Grand Auditorium Tails: Okay, as I said, it's a good ending, we've talked well, and I feel like we've talked enough. Now it feels like a lot of work. NATTY: THE FEELING IS VERY DELICATE, TO SAY THE NUMBERS, IT WILL BE DIFFICULT TO EXPLAIN: IF OVERALL TAILS FEELS OKAY MORE THAN 50 PERCENT, SPONSORED UNTIL THE DAY WE COME OUT EARLIER. Tails: It wasn't that long, it was a bit of a hit, but the good thing was that even though it wasn't long, the day we agreed to make a decision. Tails said it was a clear day, so it's not 100 percent clear that day? Ok, we're going to be separated, because it's just a matter of time and then we have to come out and tell people, like we don't have time to be with ourselves or calm our emotions, we have to come out, so it seems like a lot of emotions like the reason we say it. A lot of people think it's true or not, it's not a third-hand thing. In the breakup, there is no third-hand matter at all. This one confirms it, but in that we have to fine-tune each other. Well, let's go. I'd say it's not about the third hand. Breaking up is really just the two of us, it's a habit and attitude that it's exhausting to adjust to. So I don't want to blame anyone. I don't want to feel guilty about anyone. Two people will survive. Not surviving It's about two people, it's about women, but Tails asks not to talk about it?: Basically, it's that my friend feels like he doesn't want anyone to speak for us. Before we come out and speak, it's the point that most of our friends come out and say, Natty: Natty and Dream, we're clear, the message we post, the text we use, Natty and Dream are very clear about what we want. So, as I said, it has nothing to do with Tails' relationship with Nikki, which is why he broke up. Say it first. Tails: He's a colleague of Nikki, but he never worked or was particularly close to him. We felt it was overwork. Tails: I feel that in each person's work, there are different tastes, boundaries, judgments for one job. Tails doesn't want to sit down and comment on whether this work is good or bad, like or dislike. Tails feels that anyone is comfortable watching like that, it's his right. Tails: Actually, both Tails and Nikki are quite respectful of their work, most of the time we respect him for deciding that this is his space. We, too, this is our area. Our Channel So we almost never get in the way when we watch his shows and play with women. Do we really feel it?: Tails: Well, let's think about it first (laughs)Natty: I think each person has different feelings (laughs)Tails: I don't want to comment. Try to say that we feel bad or that we feel good about this. Tails just feels that it's different from what we respect, and then on the day we get together, let's say there's something that we don't feel good about, and then we see us communicate that and he's already trying his best to keep the relationship going, so if there's anything that's not satisfied, it's considered a sponsored conversation. Because it's like having us say fine, it's exhausting, it's not fine anymore. Tails: The problem with Tails is that Tails communicates little. We feel that we expect the other person to understand. We expect the other person to know what we're thinking, so it causes little communication. As I communicated a little, it came to a day when we were tired of other things. So I feel like, oh, I don't want to try, even though we've been communicating from the beginning that hey, here's the adjustment, like we're neglecting it, we're just okay. You're like this, and it keeps accumulating until one day it's tired, we just talk about how tired it is now. If we stay together, it may be exhausting and then lead to something worse, because on the day I was with him. Tails: He told me that the song was like this, listened to it differently then and now, and because he wanted to listen to it? I don't know what he told people. I had to ask him, but personally, now let us both take our own lives. Tails: I feel like he respects my decision. I feel that way, but what he thinks, I don't know, I have to ask him, is it possible because people cheer for us a lot?Tails: I don't really know, I don't know the future, do you feel the pressure that people want to reconcile?? He saw us from the day we weren't dating, until the day we got together, until the day they split. Finally, I believe that both me and him have chosen the best for themselves. After breaking up, he was hit hard by the tour?Tails: That's what I said in the clip. Finally, breaking up because two people can't go together. No matter what the cause is, just can't go. I don't have to find out who's wrong and who's right, and he's the one I love, he's a senior too, Tails is no longer a driver, so I have to sit in the back? Dream: Tails already knows that we are there to support and accept all his decisions, knowing that he has thought well. We respect Tails' decision to arrest Tails and Pee Bee?Tails: Oh, I'm very afraid of him, and I'm going to have a sin. He went to the temple and he was on the day we interviewed him, and he felt that he was very cute. Tails: Thank you, I think it's better to let Brother Bie go because She's cute, but I don't talk to Him about it, it's cute, but I don't talk (it's impossible, right?) If you see me, I'm pretty happy and I'm sorry I bothered you.
Yingyong Open your mind after a heavy monsoon The case is confirmed. The daughter revealed that she had run away from her father's shadow.|Yingyong Yod Bua Ngam opened up after facing the heaviest storm in his life, wielding a beautiful daughter, Yoyo Simolmas, revealing the reason for not taking her child to the media, intending to hide it? Her daughter said she was bullied and lost her body. Clear your heart, father and son, what causes yo-yo to feel unlikely to be born a child? All the issues on the "Talk Zap Show" on Channel One 31 featuring Chompoo Before Afternoon and Peggy Srithanya as the host of the lawsuit?Yingyong: It's been over for 2 years, 2 years ago, when I went to any show, no one asked about it. Thank you to everyone who was concerned. The younger ones in the industry are worried. Now clear yourself of everything. We have already received justice from the court that we are not guilty of anything. We just want to do it. REALLY, EVERYONE CAN BE GUILTY: 1. INTENTIONAL, 2. PERSUADED, so when did the court give us justice? : 2 years ago When covid hit, I heard that I was stressed. Yingyong: We are really confident in our justice because we are confident that we are not guilty. It wasn't intended to cheat anyone. Maybe it's wrong because we connect with other people before the case ends, how long does it take to process?Yingyong: About a year of stress?Yingyong: There are some, but we are confident in justice. The family was not stressed enough, the court ruled that she was not guilty. Yingyong: What has happened in the past has made us stronger, stronger, and we know more about the system of self-care. In the entertainment industry, sometimes we are famous, but we want to do this to earn money. You really have to be careful. For the younger generation This is the biggest thing I've ever done in my life, is it the biggest thing I've ever done? I don't even think it's going to happen to me on my daughter's side, my dad is experiencing this kind of stress, how do you encourage your dad?yo: It's encouraging, but I'm not very direct about it. On social media, I used to post encouragement to my dad through my personal instagram. Someone took it to make the news and then someone said to me, "My dad made a mistake, I'm still encouraging you to go through it together", I deleted the post and didn't say it on social media, but I told Papa that it was getting better, fighting, I was in a foreign country. What does this teach you?Yingyong: Teach to analyze, consider and see if people should do it too, agree with them? We need to be more careful about people, and our grandchildren have been deceived. Someone called to say that the drug dealer had transferred all the money from the bank, and both mothers and children had passed through. May there be only good things after this? Thank you to the fans for giving me the opportunity, because I didn't mean to talk about my daughter, I rarely saw it in the media. Yingyong: I really want to open, but he doesn't want to come. I can't go anywhere. I don't want to come out on the show. DON'T LIKE SPONSORED, ASK WHY YOU DIDN'T COME OUT AND MAKE YOUR DEBUT AS A SUPER BABY?YO: AT THAT TIME, WHEN YO WASN'T PLAYING ANYMORE AND WENT BACK TO A FOREIGN COUNTRY, HE BECAME FATTER. When I go out, people start to think about whether I'm getting fatter or not, so I don't want to go out with my dad. Yo-yo: You should know: You have to accept the reality that it happened to us. When we try, it's not what we think. Anyone can grow up, get fat. But it's on us that we're trying to reduce it, but it's not. Yoyo: I think it's hard, I feel that people who are bullied are not okay with the words that people say, but I feel that nowadays the world has changed, who will be fat, who will be thin. No one should say to him like this: Is he too skinny, is he too fat? No one should ever come across these words: Always tell your child that you don't have to pay attention. In this day and age, the people he's been hit with, he's still in society, can he be a yo-yo? Yo-yo: Let him think about how he feels if he gets hit by some, but if he gets hit and doesn't feel anything, then let's live a happy life. Yo-yo: Like if we're going to do something, people will expect a lot of us. Since childhood, Daddy hasn't opened up as a father's child, but the people inside him know. He's going to be very good at talking. I taught my child very well. I've never come to see you, but I'm doing it nowadays because I'm because of my dad, you know? Everyone would always say this to me until I felt that or because we were famous children I didn't get compliments because everyone went to watch my dad and was sorry that I was hit?yoyo: It felt like why didn't you watch us or maybe he didn't watch me, but I felt that I wasn't getting compliments from there: He used to think that being an actor, being a singer, because of Ying Yong's children. It wasn't because he was good at it, he said he used to feel bad. Yo-yo: I used to think I shouldn't have been born a great child. I'm lucky to be Papa's son, but people on the outside tend to think that it's because of my dad. He never saw the potential in us, so he regretted it, but he never sat down and said to his dad directly, "This is the first time I've heard this. Do everything for your children to make them good people. Good education He wanted to play, but he couldn't. He tore himself to theater directing because he loved the entertainment industry, but he couldn't get in when he was under that kind of pressure. Dad didn't know? Yo-Yo: Thank you Papa for being a mentor, taking care of everything, supporting everything, sorry if I am good at spending money, disobedient, maybe arguing, always love my father: Tell me that you need to get your money back to your mother because we are grown up, we are ready to take care of our parents in return. I'm waiting for you, I love you, I'm worried about you.
Pei-Butter, a late mom, shares experiences that girls should know|65th anniversary of Jintana lingerie with major rebranding plan With more than 6 decades of experience and being the leading lingerie brand in Thailand, it has always held a big press conference in the middle of Central World Shopping Center. The representatives of the ladies, both beautiful and talented, including Mr. Savitri Thanalongkorn, CEO of the 3rd generation of Jintana and Pei Panwad Boonyaratklin, Nee Chotika Wongvilas, Benz Pornchita, Mr. Ple Jariyadee Spencer, Mr. Chui Jarsaphan Sawatdiwat Na Ayutthaya, Mr. Mew Kamolporn Wongrakmit, Mr. Viyada Umarin, and the granddaughters of Mr. Chaem-M.L. Evita Yuklaney Chotika and Pei Panwad, attended the 65th anniversary of Jintana's grand rebranding. Sharing her experience of choosing lingerie and finding the right lingerie from Jintana Experience, Butter Chotika said, "It's nice to see Jintana in a new and changed way for the better. Good lingerie will boost women's confidence. No matter what role you're in. Jintana's underwear helps to keep the figure in shape. It is beautiful, toned, and smooth, able to match various clothes well, suitable for various activities in everyday life"SPONSOREDPEI Panwad revealed that "Jintana lingerie helps to meet and solve women's problems as well as daily life. Especially being a mother of two who needs to do activities. Take care of a variety of families, and it's also a great way to exercise and adjust your dress style or new look. I'm pleased with the new version of the adaptation."
Po Nattawut suffered from viscous water and prevented him from playing on Channel 3. |Every year, I often see the hero Po Nattawut playing at channel 3's football events, but this year he did not play with it, so many people wondered where Pee Po went. A lot of people have asked me why not kick the ball on Channel 3 this year, and I'd like to clarify that I might have a hard time and little rest. One day I had a spinning house, it would be a numbness, I wanted to vomit, the doctor said that it was a viscous deaf water. Actually, I'm not typing or making jokes. I had to take a lot of medication and rest, and my doctor advised me not to kick a football this year. Because the sun is so hot, the weather is very dusty, so I want to take care of my health, so I can only cheer on the boys on the sidelines as I can see, but it turned out to be a plus that I was able to see all the fans, celebrities, Channel 3 artists. No matter who you are, who you are, you still have a smile on my face, shouting my name, waving to me, thank you very much and thank you to my support team, admin, support team for taking care of my friends. The sun is very hot, you still can't fight back, cheer me up until the end of the event, thank you 3 times for the kindness that you give, see you next year, promise to take good care of yourself and be strong. Good luck and thank you.".sponsored
Halo reveals the most adorable moments carrying Ara. daughter Sara Holler|Love for children is really a soul for a good-tempered actor, a halo, a sky, as can be seen from the cute pictures between him and his children. Many celebrities see it as good to heart every time because the moment between uncle and grandchildren is so cute. Leia Mother Ice Apisada's daughter at her vacation home in Phuket has arrived. Halo visited. Sister Ara Daughter of singer-host Ha Sara Holler, who shines so cutely that he can't lose his grandchildren.  On IG @rusameekae, he posted a cute photo, including a picture of her holding her baby, and wrote, "I'm wondering if I need to do a list of children and moms....with the experience of going to the delivery room....raising my grandchildren..10 55555...and...neat again....feeding...playing, taking to bed... #วิถีคิงคอง"SPONSORED amidst comments from fans such as: Not everyone can do it. How gentle does uncle have to be? The kids are very addicted, they like the eyes of their grandchildren. Look at Uncle James. The child feels the warmth of his uncle, his sweetness, his gentleness, and his motherhood. If you're thinking of doing business with day care, you can do it with a lot of attention to life, a gift from God. Most kids love it, they've seen clips that teach them how to protect for a reason, and they teach them well, etc.
Hai-Sen reveals that if he chooses to accept a job without social responsibility, he can buy a private island (clip) |After 2 young Hai-Sen Paper Planes, the owner of the famous song Song Like Bad, became the leader of the baby tooth gang, the hotness of the 2 boys continued to increase, and because of this hotness, Hai-Sen grabbed several presenters about children, including making clear-headed vendors use the hotness of 2 boys to make screen shirts in the shape of faces to sell to children. I'm wearing it all, I'm making clips for the kids. Follow it all. How did the video go about the response?: I have to say that we didn't mean to make it a trend. It's like we choose a job that suits us. We washed our noses, so we thought that coming out and doing something like this, one of the things that we wanted to present, and then something that we wanted to present, so we didn't see what feedback it had, but when we saw the kids getting to know this better, we felt good because lately the dust is really bad from the kids refusing to wash their noses. I like to read, I like to read, I have asked to make a shower clip as well, I'm afraid of what to do, but mainly I will eat the most vegetables, but I still feel that I still really want it to come from us, I don't want to beg you to do it, because I think it has advantages and there are still disadvantages. It's about vegetables. There are also cleanliness issues, such as washing your nose. If you don't do it the right way, so let's do our homework on this before our birthday, then switch from alcohol to milk? It's what we've been doing, we're not drinking, we're drinking milk, we're not selling alcohol, so I feel like we're finding something to do better than Zen: During our show, he didn't have alcohol for sale. I still don't understand it either (laughs). Now there's a lot of young fans, and it's also the night party. Now we're trying to work. It's primarily about entrepreneurship. We think it's better to get it right. Otherwise, it turns out that we have made the kids better, but it pushes the kids into the bad things faster, but nowadays it's a children's day every day. I can have a children's day every day (laughs). Right now, we're working very scanning products because we don't want to bring or invite them. And then we thought it must be really useful to him, too, when we were going to get a product, we tried to keep it in a really wide lens, like a child. Teens can be. The eldest can be nice, and then we have to be good to the children, like something that is not necessary for him, we choose to go first, money is important. I'm trying to balance how to get rich and society is good (laughs). How many are there now?: (finger counting) a lot. If so, we don't have to take social responsibility. I can buy a private island now (laughs)Do you know why customers choose us?: I think to be honest, we're probably in a trendy phase and then there's credibility: it's like a matter of how the brand communicates with the younger generation, so we're like most of the representatives are all children's products?: Hey: It's not that young, it's actually a baby product, so we might avoid it first. As I said, we're not going to try to be like, eh, what's the kid buying? We try a lot, what are children's products? If adult snacks are still enough. It's a child's costume, so I'm not sure. Sorry (laughs)Sen: As a presenter, we don't know what to do, but as a presenter, parents are ready to buy for their children? We grew up young, we wanted to be socially responsible. We don't want to be covered for buying this because we're presenters alone. IT'S EASY TO SPONSORED THE LAST CONCERT, WE EVEN GOT STUCK IN TRAFFIC?: I PERSONALLY CAN'T GO IN TIME, NOT JUST THE AUDIENCE. I apologized for the day I got on the leth because I couldn't get there, let go for about 10 minutes, and while I was driving, I saw my mom go fast, my child went (laughs) next to my car. I don't know what the clips are going to be after this?: I don't want everyone to expect that, but what we do from now on, no matter what the video clips are. We want to think that it's really fun for us, it's not like it's made specifically for kids. Everyone has to feed themselves anyway (laughs) but we like to do our best to help, like to take care of each other like this because the main power comes from the family, and then we are like extra energy, like nannies, like we have more brothers and sisters, and then try to make it nice to take pictures of us to screen the shirts?Hai: That's what we regret that we make shirts slowly (smile) and then we have an official model?hay: There is a production capacity to sell, but I leave it to my brothers and sisters to help me see it (laughs). Eh: Well, it's shocking, and that's what we're going to drive. It's about intellectual copyright because ultimately it circles the kids themselves as they grow up. He's going to have to work on copyright issues, these things are going to be the income of all of you, but as of today, I can understand that. Some things are not 100 percent accurate, some are still gray, so we can learn, will we have to ask for cooperation with the vendors?: I think this is going to be a camp thing. Hai: My face is gradually changing to every collection (smile)Sen: Some collections have already gone out to The Hulk (laughs)Hai: At first I was Asian, started to be Indian, and then I became a Westerner (smile), I have to go to see a little bit and when will our screeners come out?Hai: About next month because now the pile of shirts filled my house (smile).
Nonni Natcha sends music Like before advantage Love clear but secretly strong Overtake all the currents |The trend is too hot, overtaking all the trends, shocking the social world "like before advantage". The first single of the beautiful heroine, Nonni Natcha. Schumacher, who followed her dream, grabbed the mic to dance and sing as a solo artist who did so well that fans poured her out of her mind. The likes and shares went viral overnight, and I can only say that it can't happen anymore. Natcha Schumacher A beautiful young heroine with a huge fan base across the country, it's time to surprise her fans by getting up and doing what she's dreamed of all her life. "Like Before Advantage" is the first single with electronic pop music, which was created from personal inspiration with a fun-loving song, but let's be a little bit strong, with cute dance moves that I want to give as a gift to my fans and myselfSPONSORED, and as soon as this single is released, it can impress fans and immediately go viral nationwide. Just the first sentence of the song, "Like before you have an advantage, call her my darling." In one word, it is very bang, which Nonni is able to convey the mood of the song perfectly. Emotions and tone of voice It's both beautiful and sounds like this, how can music fans respond with such a strong buzz? "Like it before you have an advantage" has many famous people in the music industry, such as Poo Piyawat Meek, a former member of 25 Hours, and Acme Worawat Nakdee. The lead singer of the band DoubleDeep came together to write the lyrics and melody. It tells a lovely story for Gen Z love where waiting for time may not be the answer, but rather a chance to win and gain an advantage. The song is clear but a little bit strong that has won the hearts of teenagers, and also got Att Wongwarit, a famous artist who is credited as a kite tail to help arrange the music in electronic pop that has a mixture of pop music and contemporary music like EDM, until the final step is to mix and master the professional mixer Shane Edwards of Studio 28 to finish the work in a very sleek way. "Like it first." Tell a fantasy story decorated with flashy colors in the most fashionable style by Peng Chanond. Yodhong, the famous art director behind many national artists, took control of the direction. Create a beautiful look for Nonni. So choppy that I wanted to shout, and I also got a famous photographer like Kenny Thakiat Sriwutchan, who has worked with famous artists and world-class magazines to photograph album covers to create this song. When everything – the look, the images and the music video come out so perfect, it's no surprise that "Like Before Advantage" became a song that went viral on social media as soon as it was released. With a landslide of likes and shares. With a response and a request for redemption from the whole country. As a result, "Like Before Advantage" was able to reach the top of the charts with a record speed in the Thai music industry. "Like it first." The first single of the beautiful heroine, Nonni Natcha. Schumacher Watch the music video on https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCzunizFfjUSPONSORED
Dongdong Kritsakorn Answered after being watched for love Best Rakwani because of the lack of a couple photo (clip)|It is another couple who are being watched for relationships. Krisakorn and Best Rakwani say they are now in love or quitting because they haven't had a sweet couple photo to see for a while and most recently at the awards ceremony. 19th Awards at The Great Hall Thailand Cultural Centre Tong Tong replied about his relationship with Best to everyone to get rid of their love affair, saying, "I've been working hard lately. I've been taking drama seriously lately. People don't see me here because I'm filming for 4 days, then 3 days and I'm going to study a lot, we're still talking. Is it still the same, is the relationship less relevant? When we're busy, it's still the same. If less, it could be seen by everyone. Here, that's less, I'm going to come to work more, is there a problem with not having time for you? BUT I THINK HE'S PROBABLY THINKING THAT MAYBE I'm going too the job. Yes, I have to understand, because I already said that this drama is very heavy for me, I have to go to class, dance, liqueur, very stressful, there is almost no time for Best to have any complaints? I also want everyone to understand, that right now, I'm not going anywhere. Songkran, I may go home to my mother, but I don't invite you, because I will go back, like my brother got my 2nd degree, and then I go back for several days. Our partner was always tethered. Is it uncomfortable to have to answer because it's about two people? We can't go on to know what his reason is. Everyone will have their reasons: why break up, we have to be apart, we do our best, we live in our present. We're not related to other couples. I think it's not that relevant, I have my reasons, I really want to let everyone understand, maybe I don't see it like before, I saw it on YouTube. Do this, because now I have my reasons, that I work really hard, will we have a chance to see it again? I want everyone to understand, I want it to be about the future. I also want everyone to understand that, because I'm buying a house right now. Now I'm serious about working, getting a job, and doing it. Single must cost another, it is living. I want everyone to understand that it's stressful all the time? I feel like I haven't done anything yet. Finally, I had to walk out and answer the question. Even though I worked, went to school, I wanted everyone to understand that before the news that there was a couple who would quit, I didn't dare because I was afraid of their father. I haven't quit yet, but at the end of the day, I think it's not about quitting, I'm afraid of my dad. At the end of the day, it's my love for Best. If there was anything you could have said one day, would you understand this love, Father Best was involved? There's a lot of joy, some fights, and dads will come and say that they've been through it. Let's put it this way, and dad will be in the middle of where the house is going now?, it's probably 20-30 percent. I ASKED IF THE PLAN WAS TO CHOOSE A NEWLY BUILT HOUSE, SO IT TOOK A LITTLE TIME, SO I DECIDED TO FINISH IT ON MY BIRTHDAY IN SEPTEMBER, I THOUGHT THAT IT WOULD BE IN TIME, SPONSORED, THE BUDGET WAS PUT IN PLACE, IT WOULD HAVE TO WORK VERY HARD (LAUGHS), IT SET THE BUDGET NOT TO EXCEED 20 MILLION, IT INCLUDES DECORATIONS. I'm not in charge of my work lately. Let the technicians do it first. I'll go in and see it after it's finished, and then when it's decorated, it's really special in every room. It's the dream that once wanted to decorate the room the way we wanted it to. I'd like to design it myself. Each room may not be the same at all. I think I need to meet the needs of Best to help, or is there room for him? Primarily intended for mom, goal for mom, want mom to see what we bought. What we built first, I would have made a special room for my mother on the first floor, but I would have said that anyway. Just don't waste a lot of money, don't tell your mom about your budget first, I'm afraid of getting complained because I've never bought such an expensive item before. For the first time in my life I know how much it's worth (smiling) Mom said that going around is stressful because people in the provinces are happy to talk to their neighbors, go to the market. When I come to Bangkok alone, he will be lonely, consult Best?, not consulting, because this is also my intention.
Open the latest photo Opal Panisara beautiful day and night until you forget the old picture. |For Opal Panisara, the beautiful wife of Dr. Oak Smith, who lately has seen her pictures, it must be said that the model mother has gone down because of her international figure and face, as well as the skin looks super juicy. Despite being a mother of two, the sexiness hidden beneath her hilarity is not really closed, but it's not easy to be perfect these days. Chest is chest, waist is waist. It's called looking at any angle. Many people who follow me say that they are very beautiful and like their skin. MRS. REAL WILD CAT.SPONSOREDSPONSORED
The "37 Years of Asni and Vasant" concert announced sold out for both rounds.|The concert "37 Years of Asni and Vasant" was organized by Flee Krung Connect with the best guests that New Charoenpura Masha and Am Saolak after announcing the official ticket sales date. Wednesday, March 8, 2023 received an overwhelming response from fans, only the first 30 minutes had to be sold out in the first round, until the second round of tickets had to be announced in a short day, and after just 3 hours, the second round tickets were also sold out. April 29-30 IMPACT Arena For anyone who already has tickets for this concert. Keep it up and have fun. Sing to the fullest with a selection of songs to match the 37-year-old's epic full-length concert production. Let's sing a broken jigsaw puzzle with a love song that misses at the same time to make an impact and see you !!!!!!
