Intensely scored two days 4-under-par narrowly qualified for the round.|Today (15 Aug 2020) Reporter Report INTENSE LIMPASUT, WHO IS NOW COMPETING IN THE KORN FERRY TOUR ALBERTSONS BOISE OPEN AT THE 6,880-YARD, PAR-71 HILLCREST COUNTRY CLUB IN BOISE, IDAHO, SHOWED THAT THE 2ND ROUND WAS INTENSE, WITH 3-UNDER-PAR 3-UNDER-PAR MAKING 1 EAGLE, 3 BIRDIES AND LOSING 2 BOGEYS FOR A TWO-DAY TOTAL 4-UNDER-PAR 138. Because the greens are softer than yesterday and there is no wind, playing today tee off is not good, but the putts are good and can keep 5 to 15 feet on many holes. At the second birdie, I got a long par three. I had to putt almost 20 feet and the last hole saved par from 7 feet. Hopefully the conditions will be okay tomorrow because of the morning kickoff, with the third round starting on Saturday with a tee off from the hole. 1 at 8:03 a.m. or 10:30 p.m. IMPORTANTLY, THIS WEEK WILL KICK OFF THE THREE-WEEK US OPEN QUALIFYING SERIES, WITH THE TOP FIVE PLAYERS IN THE THREE-WEEK TOURNAMENT ELIGIBLE FOR THE US OPEN 2020 IN SEPTEMBER.
Thai League Co., Ltd. confirms the list of clubs participating in Thai League 3 competition|Thai League Co., Ltd. confirms the list of member clubs that will participate in the professional football league. The Thai League 3 competition will begin on October 3, 2020.Thai League Co., Ltd. has sent a letter of inquiry to member clubs to know the number of teams to compete. Thai League Co., Ltd. will bring the full list, in coordination with GotSoccer, the competition design partner, to issue the next schedule for Thai League 3, which the list of 68 clubs is as follows: Bangkok and vicinity1.North Bangkok University2.Kasem Bundit FC3.BTU S.Boonprit United4.Bangkok FC5.Chamchuri United6.Samut Prakan FC7.Grekkoo Saimai United8.Siam FC9.Muangnon Ban Khun Mae10.Rangsit United11.Thonburi United12.Royal Thai Air Force FC13.Army FC South Zone1.Nara United2.Pattani FC3.Nakhon Si United4.Satun United5.Surat Thani City6.Songkhla FC7.Patong City8.Krabi FC9.Trang Northeast Zone FC 1.Ubon Kruanaphat FC 2.Mueang Loei FC 3.Yasothon FC 4.Surin City FC 5.Mashare Chaiyaphum FC 6.Mahasarakham FC 7.Sakon Nakhon FC 8.Surin Khong Chi Mun FC 9.Nakhon Ratchasima United FC 10.Khon Kaen Mo Din Daeng FC Football Club11.Udon United East Zone1.Chachoengsao Hitech FC2.Sa Kaeo FC3.Ban Bueng FC4.Chanthaburi FC5.Baan Khai United6.Pluak Daeng United7.Battle Fleet8.Saimitr Kabin United9.Pattaya Discovery United FC 10. Koh Kwang FC 11. Eureka FC West Zone FC 1.Ang Thong FC 2.Bang Pa-In Ayutthaya FC 3.Pathum Thani University 4.Ratchapracha FC 5.Muangkan United FC 6.Samut Songkhram FC 7.Thawi Watthana FC Samut Sakhon United8.Hua Hin City9.Assumption United10.Saraburi United11.Singhrakangthong Kanchanaburi FC12.Kanchanapat FC North Zone1.Lamphun Warriors2.Kamphaeng Phet FC3.Chiangrai City4.Wat Bot City5.Uttaradit FC6.Nan FC7.Phitsanulok FC8.Mae Jo United9.Chiangrai Lanna10.Si Kwai City11.Northern Tak UnitedTeams that have the right to request suspension 1.Hatyai City2.Yalor City (request to join later)3.Phatthalung FC (request to join later)4.Surat Thani FC (no reply at the specified time)5.LPC Bangkok (join later)6.Sisaket United7.Chainat United8.Nakhon Mae Sot United
 Sisaket Take off the mitten to be a gardener who Langsuan Chumphon|Reporter reports that Sisaket Nakhon Luang Promotion Former World Champion The two-time WBC super flyweight recently knocked out a warm-up fight to defeat Power. World Champion Senior Fighter IBF's Metropolitan Promotions camp released them to be able to leave the camp to go on vacation. By Sisaket traveled to spend time relaxing at Nong Ja's house. Pornpimon Glass substance Young wife at Langsuan And spend most of your time on this vacation by visiting the garden. It's called changing roles from a heavy-punching boxer to carrying a basket into a durian garden. Laem's durian garden, although it still looks awkward, but shows off the durian, which is considered valid for beginners. Durian at Nong Ja's family's garden by giving it to his son-in-law, Sisaket, recently invested the money saved from the fight to plant more than 300 new durian trees. Metropolitan Promotions He insists he is not burning out of boxing and wants to return to being a world champion with the same belt again. The investment was to pave the way after hanging the mitt. The young wife revealed that she invested in durian gardening and planned to buy all the real estate to make her brother sharp. Living comfortably after boxing, the durian girl business that Sisaket invested in is going well. Estrada in the 3rd installment, he only needs a left card to win. But you have to train hard and want to fight with the national amateur boxer in order to train against a boxer who punches quickly.
Thai Senior Swing Announces "Toyota & Senior PGA"|Today (15 Aug 2020) Thai Senior Golf Association Toyota & Senior PGA Thailand Championship 2020 will be held at the Clubhouse, Artitaya Golf & Resort, Nakhon Nayok, from August 20-21. President of the Avusothai Golf Association presided over the press conference. Mr. Sutthichai Lengsrichacrice 2nd Vice President of the Association Mr. Wichian Sittinukunchai, representative of MK Restaurant Group Co., Ltd., Mr. Cho Han Jin, representative of Artitaya Golf & Resort, and Mr. Han Jin Yi, manager of Artitaya Golf & Resort. After the first round, players ranked 1-50 or tied will receive prize money.
"Madame Pang" is ready to support the Thai women's professional golf industry to the international level.|Women's Professional Golf Association Movement The latter was announced by the Women's Professional Golf Association. Take your vice president's seat. At the 2nd meeting of the Executive Committee of the Association on August 8, 2020, "Madam Pang" Nuanpan Lamsam, CEO of Muang Thai Insurance PCL, was ready to help the Women's Golf Association with full force. To help support and promote Thailand's female golfers to the international stage as much as possible, Madam Pang said about her role in the sport, "Pang is pleased to be honored to be a member of the working group of the Association, which is thanks to Mr. Pawin Phirompakdee for inviting Pang to help with important work.
Intense, scored a final round, even-par, finished 71st in golf in Idaho.|Movement of concentrated Limpasut THAI PROFESSIONAL GOLFER COMPETES IN KORN FERRY TOUR ALBERTSONS BOISE OPEN AT HILLCREST COUNTRY CLUB 6,000 880 YARDS, PAR 71 IN BOISE, IDAHO.THE FINAL ROUND RESULTS SHOWED THAT HE SCORED EVEN-PAR WITH 3 BIRDIES AND 3 BOGEYS FOR A FOUR-DAY TOTAL OF 2-UNDER, FINISHING 71ST OUT OF 144 COMPETITORS. THE NEXT WEEK WILL BE THE KORN FERRY TOUR NATIONWIDE CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL CHAMPIONSHIP WITH A PRIZE POOL OF $1,000,000 AT OHIO STATE GOLF CLUB (SCARLET COURSE) IN COLUMBUS, OHIO FROM AUGUST 20-23, 2020, AND THE SECOND OF THREE WEEKS OF THE US OPEN QUALIFYING SERIES.
Propeeranthorn swish 4-under lead solo open swing Toyota Senior|Today (21 Aug 2020) Thai Senior Golf Association in collaboration with Toyota Motor (Thailand) Co., Ltd., MK Restaurant Group Co., Ltd., Artitaya Golf & Resort and partners The tournament will be held from Aug. 20-21 at Artitaya Golf & Resort, a 6,517-yard par-72 course, finishing the first round on Aug. 20. The veteran golfer from Pathum Thani started the round with a birdie on the 3rd hole before losing the only bogey of the day on the 5th hole and making 3 birdies in a row from holes 8-10 and finishing with a birdie on the 17th hole to score a 4-under-par 68 from 5 birdies and 1 bogey. Especially the putts, because in the past I was a person who did not putt well, but today I did well, I admit that there is luck because the course, although it is short, but the green has a false line, so you have to be careful in putting the championship, we will have to see tomorrow. Because this score is all possible, I will try to hit it in the fairway and take the green according to the basics. Today achieved 10 fairways. There are 14-15 chances on the greens, so I created a lot of chances for myself, but we have to see what happens tomorrow because I am someone who can't stand the heat, but I will try to concentrate and try to finish the game." Peerapol Ngamthong Spark who this round made 3 birdies. No score of 3-under-par 69 equals "Propoj" Poj Prajakthanatorn who made 4 birdies and 1 bogey and Nadeem Inayat. Thongrit Chiangkhon scored a 2-under-par 70 to equal Sutham Aiyosuorn and Thanayot Tubtim, while Ramesh Intaracharoensak, Chittapol Ruangtham, Manat Sangsui, Nattapol Jirapornpan and Wimon Sodarat tied for 1-under-par 71.
Preparing to hold Pumse Beach Taekwondo Competition to stimulate Chonburi tourism|Chonburi Province to hold Thailand's first Pumse Beach Taekwondo Tournament It hopes to boost tourism in the province by holding an open system on the New North Nol for more than 5 months at Taekwondo Games in Thailand. There is no official match due to the impact of the COVID-19 virus, resulting in athletes only being able to train. But after the ordinance allowed sporting events to be open to spectators, the latest Chonburi Provincial Sports Association prepares to host the 1st Pattaya Taekwondo Pumse Beach or Taekwondo Tha Ram competition in Thailand At Ambassador Pattaya Hotel from September 5 to 6 for beach taekwondo. It has been organizing international competitions for 3 years, which has been very popular. The representative of Chonburi province revealed that Pumse Beach will stimulate tourism in Chonburi province because there will be many athletes, parents and followers. Despite being held in an open system, the organizers have put in place strict measures in accordance with the new normal, requiring no more than 300 people in each round to compete in the stadium.
 "Pataraporn" Thai golfers representing famous university teams in the U.S.|Today ( 21 Aug 2020 ) Movement of "Praew" Pataraporn Sripatprasit The 20-year-old golfer is a fourth-year undergraduate student at the University of Eastern Michigan Faculty of Business Administration. For now, Patraporn can only study online because he is unable to return to the United States. Because of the COVID-19 pandemic in America, Patraporn's story is interesting because she has dreamed since childhood of becoming a golfer, which is her favorite sport by following her father to golf since she was 6 years old. Before receiving an invitation to test the skills of Patraporn. She was so impressed with the coaching staff that she was finally offered to represent the university with a 100 percent scholarship. Over the past 4 years, even though she has been a varsity athlete at the university, the competition within the team has also been high because Patraporn has to perform against her friends for a chance to be a starter for the team. Pataraporn said that the language aspect is not difficult for Patraporn because she has studied in international schools since childhood, so she is very familiar with English. latest She won the Miss Tourism award. World Thailand 2020 adds another success For the future, Patraporn still aims to become a professional golfer to achieve his dreams, but a career in the entertainment industry is another challenging option.  
Usain Bolt has COVID-19 After just throwing a 34th birthday party, |World record holder Usain Bolt Infected with COVID-19 Today (Aug. 25), media in Jamaica reported that Jamaican runner Usain Bolt has been arrested. The 10m and 200m sprint world record holder, as well as the Olympic gold medalist, have tested positive for COVID-19. He recently celebrated his 34th birthday in his hometown. Last Friday by the latest Bolt, in a video of himself on social media, described himself as being in quarantine and showing no signs of illness. Bolt also clarified that he tested positive on Saturday before receiving his results yesterday, with reports suggesting that at Bolt's birthday party were attended by Manchester City's Raheem Sterling and Bayer Leverkusen player Leon Bailey. In the Bundesliga, there were 1,413 cases of COVID-19 and 16 deaths in Jamaica.
Wanchana leads Thai LPGA Challenge|"Wanchana" debuts 4-under to lead the pro-women. "BGC-SAT Thai LPGA Challenge" Course 4 at Royal Hills today (Aug 25), the Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with the Sports Authority of Thailand Women's Professional Golf Tournament "BGC-SAT Thai LPGA Challenge 2020" 4th Course Win 500,000 Baht at Royal Hills Golf Resort & Spa, Nakhon Nayok A total of 65 women's professional golfers competed in a 2-day, 36-hole stroke play tournament that finished the first round of "Pro Green" Wanchana Phoruangrong from Surin leading at 4-under-par 68, with "Promind" Kanpanitnan Muangkhamsakul from Khon Kaen and "Pro-Running" Bharanee Chutichai from Chiang Rai two strokes behind. 
Bayern return to Germany after winning the UEFA Champions League|Bayern Munich player returns to Germany After winning their sixth UEFA Champions League title today (Aug 25), the Bayern Munich players have arrived in Germany with Manuel Neuer and Thomas Muller. Bayern have won three trophies this season, including the UEFA Champions League, Bundesliga and DFB Pokal, while Liverpool coach Jurgen Klopp, who previously managed Borussia Dortmund in Germany, believes the Bundesliga fixture will be "very difficult". Contributing to Bayern The Bundesliga returned to competition during Covid ahead of other leagues and ended the season early. There is more than a month to prepare the team for Bayern. They played in the DFB Pokal final against Bayer Leverkusen in early July, then rested for over a month and came back to thrash Chelsea 4-1 in the second leg of their last-16 ties. Barcelona won 8-2 in the round of eight, beat Lyon 3-0 in the semi-finals and finally beat Paris Saint-Germain in the final 1-0.  
SAT and Potalai organize a special match for national golfers to swing through a virtual trackman system.|Today ( 26 Aug 20 ) The Golf Association of Thailand (CAT) in collaboration with Potalai Leisure Park organized a special golf tournament "Singha Phothalai 18 Holes TrackMan Bay Challenge", a competition using the latest technology from TrackMan 4. On Aug. 25 at Potalai Golf Park, Bangkok, the tournament will open up a new experience for golfers of the national team who will be able to play a round with the latest technology from Trackman 4. Packaged at Potalai Golf Park Driving Range for a simulator round. There is a putting green, as well as checking various values of the swing such as clubhead speed, golf ball speed, backspin, ball impact angle, clubhead line. Golfers can get a sense of realism. Dai gathered more than 100 famous championship courses to choose from around the world. President of the Golf Association of Thailand together with Mr. Napat Taweesangsiri Deputy Managing Director of Potalai Leisure Park presided over the opening of the "Singha Potalai 18 Holes Trackman Bay Challenge" with 10 golfers from the Thai national team. Baramee Thanaset, Weerawich Nakpracha, Thanakorn Tosi, Suttinon Panno, Nopparat Panichpol, Nattapat Hanchokchaisakul and female golfers Panerai Meesomorn, Nattakrita Wongtaweelap, Jumpita Chulaksorn, Chanetti Wannasen competes at Quail Hollow Club (par 71) in North Carolina, USA, where the PGA Tour will host the Presidents Cup. In 2021, the competition included both men and women Rangsarit Laksitanond. The president of the association said, "Today, the association has brought athletes in the national team program to test and compete, along with trackman technology, which is a modern golf simulator technology that is suitable for practicing game planning. The 17-year-old scored his best to win the championship with a 2-under-par 69. Baramee Thanaset placed 2nd after a play-off win over Thanakorn Tosi and Nattaphat. harn chokchaisakul After the score was tied at 1-under-par 70, Nathakrita revealed after the match, "I admit that it was still confusing and difficult at the beginning because the distance will not always be the same.
If the weather is bad, it will affect the outcome of the race.|Today (27 Aug 2020) Reporters are reporting on the movements of concentrated Limpasut. COMMENTING ON THE VICTORIA NATIONAL GOLF CLUB COURSE THAT WILL BE USED THIS WEEK IN THE KORN FERRY TOUR CHAMPIONSHIP, THAI PROFESSIONAL GOLFER SAID THAT HE HAS PRACTICED THE COURSE AND THINKS THAT IF THE WEATHER IS NOT GOOD, IT WILL MAKE THE COURSE QUITE DIFFICULT BECAUSE THE OBSTACLES AROUND THE FAIRWAY AND AROUND THE GREEN ARE QUITE LARGE, BUT THERE ARE MANY HOLES THAT DO NOT NEED TO BE HIT BY THE DRIVER, BUT CAN BE PLACED WITH HYBRID OR WOOD 3. This week, in particular, the weather forecast is likely to be variable with rain and wind. THE 7,242-YARD, PAR-72 VICTORIA NATIONAL GOLF CLUB COURSE IS LOCATED IN NEWBURGH, INDIANA, WITH THE TEE OFF HOLE 1 AT 1:09 OR NINE MINUTES AT MIDNIGHT. THIS THURSDAY NIGHT MARKS THE FINAL WEEK OF THE THREE WEEKS OF THE US OPEN QUALIFYING SERIES, AND THE TOP FIVE PLAYERS IN THE THREE-WEEK TOURNAMENT WILL QUALIFY FOR THE US OPEN 2020 IN SEPTEMBER.
Women's Professional Golf Association Opening of the trophy "Whispers of the Mountain" |Today ( 27 Aug 20 ) The Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with the Sports Authority of Thailand and Singha Corporation Co., Ltd. organized the 12th Women's Professional Golf Tournament 5th Course 2020 "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020" with a total prize fund of 1 million baht. The winner will receive 120,000 baht, and there will also be a hole-in-one prize of 100,000 baht. Sponsored by BGC or Bangkok Glass Container Public Company Limited on the 155-yard par-3 16th hole for the first winner and the daily prize won by professional and amateur golfers is a gift certificate worth 15,000 baht from Leonion products during 27-29 August 2020 at Royal Hill Golf Resort & Spa, par 72, 6,349 yards, Nakhon Nayok. The tournament is a 3-day, 54-hole stroke play tournament with a total of 107 professional and amateur women golfers competing, with those scoring over 16-over-par 88 not eligible to play in the next round. For example, temperature checks are carried out before the race. Hand sanitizer or hand sanitizer will be available at various points, but competitions can be started with spectators, with athletes required to carry sanitizer paper or alcohol spray. To clean the rake and the flagstick. In addition to the champion receiving 120,000 baht in prize money, the Whisper of Royal Hills or "Whisper of the Mountain" trophy was created by Thitapa Tinraj, an artist inspired by the golden light of the sunset. The sunset is like the last whisper of the day the race is over. There are those who are victorious and there are those who are defeated in the game, but the next day the opportunity for those who are strong and persevering will come again." Interesting groups such as: Paranee Chutichai, the 4th Circuit Challenge champion, will join Mukarin Ladkratok, a Lopburi girl, and Kanchan Bannabodee. Amateur golfers who won the championship from Singha-SAT Course 2 in Hua Hin on hole 1 at 11.20 am, Ornarin Satyabanpot, Supamas Sangchan, two Japan Step-Up Tour pros, and Chakansim Khambon from Khon Kaen will tee off hole 1 at 11.40 am. 2018 Thai LPGA Tour silver medalist Arpichaya Yubol and Atthaya Thitikul Singha-SAT champion Course 3 in Prachinburi will kick off on hole 10 at 11.50 am, Wichanee Meechai, LPGA Tour champion Singha-SAT Champion Course 4 in Nakhon Nayok will play Yupaporn Kawinpakorn and Chalisa Limpipholpaiboon at hole 1 at 12.00 noon. Dhammarak, Abhasiri Julaya and Thiranan Yupan Hole 1 at 12.10 p.m.
"Korn Nakornpathom" won 2 games in a row. Guaranteed to qualify for the last 16 of the Thailand Championship. |"Korn Nakornpathom" defeated "Komin Phrapradaeng" 5-2 frames to win 2 games in a row.  Guaranteed to qualify for the last 16 of the 6-red snooker championship in Thailand today (August 27, 2020). In the 6-dang snooker championship in Thailand. In the last 32 matches, the 2nd leg in Group A, Pasakorn Suwannawat or "Korn Nakhon Pathom" showed more precision, beating Thanaphat Mananawam or "Komin Phrapradaeng" 5-2 frames, making "Korn" win 2 games in a row. Guaranteed to qualify for the last 16 even though there is 1 match left in the first round, while in Group B, Paitoon Phoboon or "Little Samrong" duel with Suchakree Poomchaeng or "Kwan Saraburi". The result turned out that both of them fought well before "Kwan Saraburi" won the deciding frame to win 5-4 frames to win 2 games in a row, beating the ticket to the finals, while "Little Samrong" lost 2 games in a row. 
Thailand Taekwondo Championships 2 tournaments return later this year|Thailand Taekwondo Championship The competition will resume at the end of this year and put in place measures to organize the new normal of competition safe from COVID-19 (August 27, 2020) after the Center for the Situation Administration of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) outbreak. Green light for sports to resume Many sports have already begun to compete. Taekwondo Association of Thailand The Taekwondo Championships of Thailand will be held later this year. The Taekwondo Pumse Championships of Thailand will be held from November 20-22 at Rangsit University and the Taekwondo Fighting Championships of Thailand. During 21-24 December in Nakhon Ratchasima province for both programs. The secretary-general of the Taekwondo Association of Thailand revealed that the association management has now planned and sent a letter to the Sports Authority of Thailand. To organize dance and fighting competitions for the Thailand Championship. Tens of thousands of people are expected to attend. The Cheer Sports Association of Thailand has prepared measures to support the new normal of taekwondo competitions to be safe from COVID-19. Press conference to prepare for the Thailand Cheerleading Championship The 25th edition will be held from September 12-13. This is the first return to competition after the COVID-19 pandemic, when all international cheerleading competitions were cancelled. This Thailand Championship The association will select athletes to represent the Thai national team. To prepare the team for next year's big tournament, the World Championships, in the United States at the beginning of the month. and the 6th Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games at the end of the month. Thailand will host the tournament in May, but this year it is still a problem as many institutions have just returned to training facilities.  
Preenapan Leading the first round "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA"|Today (28 Aug 2020) The Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with the Sports Authority of Thailand and Singha Corporation Co., Ltd. organized the 12th Annual Women's Professional Golf Tournament 5 2020 "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020" at Royal Hills Golf Resort & Spa, Nakhon Nayok Province. The 25-year-old Hua Hin finished the morning round with a 6-under-par 66 from eight birdies at holes 1,3,4,5,8,10,13 and 16, losing two bogeys at holes 6 and 9. "Pro-Chinese" Arthaya Thitikul 17-year-old Thai LPGA champion 3 "Promin" Wansawan Sangkhapong The 23-year-old from Bangkok, who is playing his fifth professional title, and "Propel" Panitta Yusabai. The 25-year-old from Chonburi, who plays on the SEMETRA Tour, was 4-under-par 68 each. Preenaphan Poomke, the leader of the first round, said that today he made 6-under, hit 9 holes in the fairway, made 11 greens and collected 23 putts, with the first round 9 putts after 14 putts. I was impressed with every shot today, especially the putt and the difficult two-hole chip-in. Bird, who was my caddy, was a great coach. I told you to just hit one thing, go somewhere, hit the fairway greens, try to focus on hitting it on, and then go putt. Hit one shot at a time, while joint sixth place was Kamolwan Luemsri, Chakansim Khambon Sodthanath, Songhanath and Panchalika Abhamongkol. The 18-year-old "Friendly" Panchalika from Bangkok, a first-year student at the School of Mechanical Engineering at Colorado State University, USA, was also the amateur golfer with the best score in the first round. "Pro Running" Bharanee Chutichai, the 4th Challenge Champion, scored 2-over-par 74 to rank 32nd.
The first day of racing did not finish due to bad weather.|Today ( 28 Aug 20 ) Movement of concentrated Limpasut A THAI PROFESSIONAL GOLFER WHO IS CURRENTLY COMPETING IN INDIANA, PLAYING IN THE KORN FERRY TOUR CHAMPIONSHIP FOR A TOTAL PRIZE POOL OF $1,000,000 AT THE 7,242-YARD, PAR-72 VICTORIA NATIONAL GOLF CLUB IN NEWBURGH, INDIANA, INTENSELY PLAYED ONLY 14 HOLES AT EVEN-PAR BEFORE THE TOURNAMENT WAS HALTED DUE TO LACK OF LIGHTING AND HAD TO RETURN TO PLAY THE REMAINING FOUR HOLES ON FRIDAY MORNING. The tournament will begin on four more holes on Friday morning. The second round will be played from hole 10 at 8:39 a.m. or 8:39 p.m. local time. THIS WEEK MARKS THE FINAL WEEK OF THE THREE WEEKS OF THE US OPEN QUALIFYING SERIES, AND THE TOP FIVE PLAYERS DURING THIS THREE-WEEK TOURNAMENT WILL QUALIFY FOR THE US OPEN 2020 IN SEPTEMBER.
Representatives of the National Sports University sought clarification from the Ministry of Tourism and Sports.|Today ( 28 Aug 20 ) Dr. Jaruwat Satyanurak Vice President of the National Sport University in Chiang Mai Campus representing the management of 17 National Sports Universities and 11 sports schools, including the Faculty of Education, Faculty of Sports Science and Faculty of Education and 1 representative. A total of 31 offices submitted a letter to Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakan Minister of Tourism and Sports and Mr. Choti Trachu, Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Tourism and Sports, to review the qualifications of the nominees for the position of President. National Sports University, with Mr. Khempol Uittayakul Secretary to the Minister of Tourism and Sports and Dr. Daranee Likitworasak The Deputy Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Tourism and Sports was the recipient of the complaint, Dr. Charuwat Satyanurak. This letter was submitted because the list of nominees for the position of President of the National Sports University was originally considered. There were 3 persons, namely Mr. Pariwat Wannaklang, Mr. Weerasak Wisalaporn and Mr. Wanchai Rattanawong, but in the end there was no name of Mr. Pariwat Wannaklang. Those recognized by people in the National Sports University because they are fully qualified and experienced, as well as Mr. Weerasak Wisalaporn, who has been in the sports industry for a long time, is wrong with Mr. Wanchai Rattanawong, who is another person who has no prior knowledge of sports. Instead, he was nominated, causing confusion as to why only two nominees were present to the National University Community because of Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister emphasized transparency, purity and fairness, and that every list is qualified, knowledgeable and capable, but why was Mr. Pariwat Wannaklang cut off unreasonably? As chairman of the nominating committee for the president of the National Sports University, he made another clarification. This is for transparency in the management in the days ahead. However, The names of candidates who have been nominated for the position of President of the National Sports University will be presented to the National University Council on Monday, August 31, 2020 at 1.00 p.m. at the Visudtarom Building, National Stadium.
Panitta wins first professional title at Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020 Course 5 at Royal Hills|Today ( 29 Aug 2020 ) The Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with the Sports Authority of Thailand and Singha Corporation Co., Ltd. organized the 12th Women's Professional Golf Tournament 5th Course 2020 "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020" with a total prize fund of 1 million baht. The winner will receive 120,000 baht, and there will also be a hole-in-one prize of 100,000 baht. Supported by BGC or BG The 155-yard par-3 16th hole for the first winner and the daily prize won by professional and amateur golfers is a gift certificate worth 15,000 baht from Leonion (Thailand) Co., Ltd. at Royal Hills Golf Resort & Spa, Nakhon Nayok. For example, temperature checks are carried out before the race. Hand sanitizer or hand sanitizer will be available at various points, but competitions can be started with spectators, with athletes required to carry sanitizer paper or alcohol spray. To clean the rake and the flagstick. Throughout the competition and send the score by scanning the QR code, etc. when the final round is over, it appears that "Propel" Panitta is comfortable. The 25-year-old from Chonburi, a player on the SEMETRA Tour, made his dream come true to win his first professional title in his second year despite hitting a 1-over-par 73 in the final round. Birdies at holes 12, 15 and 18, 4 bogeys at holes 1, 6, 8 and 10 over three days totaling 8-under par 208 won the championship with a prize fund of 120,000 baht. The 17-year-old from Ratchaburi, the Thai LPGA Tour champion on the third course, placed second at 7-under-par 209 and won 69,000 baht on the final day, scoring a 6-under-par 66. "Prokwan" Kusuma Meechai, a handsome girl from Prachinburi, and "Projan" Wichanee Meechai, the second-round leader, received 46,500 baht each. Panitta Yusabai, the champion of the 5th circuit, said, "I'm very happy that I did it today. The last hole was very beautiful, I left 1 putter and putt down. Because there are three leaderboards with minus 7s. I've been making birdies all day, but the timing is right on this hole. I would like to thank everyone who made this event happen and it went well, both sponsors and sports authority of Thailand. Singha Corporation, Royal Hills Golf Course, staff of the Women's Professional Golf Association who organize such a good program for golfers like us to continue to improve their skills, happy and comfortable to return to play the Thai LPGA after graduation to meet the brothers and sisters who have played with them since childhood. Finally, I would like to leave all supporters, parents and siblings, to help cheer for us Thai LPGA women's golfers as well." The runner-up said: "I didn't really think at the end of 18 holes I didn't think I'd get a playoff or anything, because China did a lot better today than yesterday. I hit well yesterday, but I didn't make any putts. I made more putts today, so I'm more confident. It's good to have viewers come in and see it because everyone wants to come and see it. We're starting to get back to almost normal after COVID started. But we're still not defending each other, the cards are dropped, or what? I want Thai golf fans to cheer for China and Thai pros, which this year are still mainly played in Thailand. Please come and cheer us on a lot because you can go down and see it in the stadium. Thank you very much for sending your encouragement" for the amateur golf championship went to "Nong Pat" Thanrada Piddon, 19, from Bangkok, a second-year student of the Faculty of Sociology of Central University Florida (UCF), who finished with a 3-under-par 69 for a three-day total of 3-under-par 213 at the award ceremony. Mr. Krisda Tanwilai President of Women's Professional Golf Association Mr. Thanaboon Chanaratsophon, General Manager of Royal Hills Golf Resort & Spa and H.M. Luang Orus Thewakul The Secretary-General of the Women's Professional Golf Association congratulated and distributed prizes to women golfers for the Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship with a prize fund of 1 million baht. The sixth course will take place from September 17-19 at Panorama Golf & Country Club. Sikhio District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province
Isranudom joined his teammates training at the Sports Authority of Thailand.|Today (29 Aug 2020) Movement of Shooting Sports Association of Thailand Announced the call for the Thai national shooting team. In particular, 3 athletes who have received the quota for the 2020 Olympic Games, 2 of whom are currently training at the SAT with only Isranudom Purihiranpat. The only person who refused to come to the shooting sports association to train by claiming to be training at his home in Nakhon Ratchasima province with his mother Mrs. Pornpak as a trainer. The Sports Authority of Thailand has issued a notice of cancellation. Mrs. Pornpak is a coach due to lack of qualifications and has never been a shooting athlete before, and the Shooting Sports Association has sent a letter calling Isranudom to train with all the latest national team athletes. Mr. Isranudom Phurihiranpat has come to collect the training at the shooting range of the Shooting Sports Association of Thailand. Mr. Chana Chotikasatien is the trainer about this. sakhon wanapong President of Shooting Sports Association of Thailand He said that Isranudom refused to come to the store with others for 2 full months, which is considered to have given him enough chances. From now on, if you do not comply with the rules and regulations of the Association. The first step is to warn them by cutting allowances and not to withdraw ammunition, and if they persist in refusing to train again, they will have to use strong drugs by cutting them off from the national team immediately.
Concentrated Fall Cut Tour Con Ferries|Intense Limpasut misses out on ticket to major tournament "US Open" AFTER FAILING TO MAKE THE CUT IN THE CON FERRY TOUR CHAMPIONSHIP AT VICTORIA NATIONAL GOLF CLUB IN NEWBURGH, INDIANA, USA. On the second day, Intense Limpasut scored a total of 1 under par. THIS WEEK MARKS THE FINAL WEEK OF THE THREE WEEKS OF THE US OPEN QUALIFYING SERIES, AND THE TOP FIVE PLAYERS DURING THIS THREE-WEEK TOURNAMENT WILL QUALIFY FOR THE US OPEN 2020 IN SEPTEMBER FOR INTENSE, PREPARING TO PLAY THE LINCOLN LAND CHAMPIONSHIP AT PANTHER CREEK COUNTRY CLUB IN SPRINGFIELD, ILLINOIS, FROM SEPTEMBER 3-6.
Max, the genius, asked the Justice Department to pay the remedy. After 14 months in jail free |Today (September 2, 2020), reporters reported that the case of Mr. Prodigy Virojsunobon or Max Prodigy Amnat Muay Thai Gym, former champion of the Asian Boxing Council (WBC Asia). The super lightweight was arrested by the police on April 6, 2019 for allegedly trafficking 3 million pills and detained for a total of 14 months until the trial court dismissed the case and was freed on May 27, 2020. The sale of all the assets to fight the lawsuit. Today, Max has come to appeal the order of relief at the Ministry of Justice because the Ministry of Justice dismissed the request for compensation for Max, who was imprisoned for free for 14 months without guilt. Preparing to fight for the first time in 1 year and 5 months with Solar The WBA Asia two-weight super lightweight 140-pound and welterweight 147-pound welterweight champion turned 16 on Saturday, September 26.
Concentrated 4 Under Golf Illinois|INTENSIVE SCORED THE FIRST DAY AT 4-UNDER-PAR TO RANK 10TH AT THE KORN FERRY TOUR GOLF COURSE LINCOLN LAND CHAMPIONSHIP ON THE FIRST DAY AT PANTHER CREEK COUNTRY CLUB IN SPRINGFIELD, ILLINOIS, USA. INTENSIVE LIMPASUT MADE 6 BIRDIES AND 1 DOUBLE BOGEY FOR A TOTAL SCORE OF 4-UNDER-PAR TO RANK 10TH, FOUR STROKES BEHIND LEADER CHARLIE SAXON, WHO WILL TEE OFF THE SECOND ROUND FROM HOLE 1 ON FRIDAY AT 1:20 P.M. OR ONE TWENTY-MINUTE A.M. Friday Night Thailand Time
Concentrate added 4-under brace at 10 joint.|Intense Limpasut added a total of 4-under to rank 10th ahead of the final day of the Lincoln Ferry Tour Golf Championship at Panther Creek Country Club in Springfield, Illinois, USA. Day 3 Intense Limpasut made 1 eagle, 3 birdies, lost 1 bogey, and scored a total of 11-under-par to rank 10th. The lead also belongs to local pro Charlie Saxon with a total score of 18-under par for the final day of the tournament. Intense will tee off tonight (September 6) at 21:28 local time.
Djokovic eliminated from US Open|Novak Djokovic suffered an injury before being knocked out of the US Open tennis Grand Slam today (Sept. 7). Novak Djokovic World No. 1 tennis player eliminated in last 16 Tennis Grand Slam US Open shocked tennis fans around the world. Djokovic accidentally hit the referee during a match with Spanish rival Pablo Carreno Busta when Djokovic was suspended on serve before he returned the ball to the referee, who was kneeling on duty, causing the ball to hit his neck. Djokovic lost the foul and was eliminated as a shock to tennis fans after the match. Djokovic He refused to give media interviews about the incident. He admitted to being sorry for the referee's injury and apologized to the tournament administration, but insisted he didn't mean to. Djokovic eliminated Explain that the factors that influence judgment are actions and outcomes. Although Djokovic had no intention, the result of hitting the ball resulted in injury to the referee influenced the decision. Grand Slam Rules It states that tennis players are prohibited from assaulting or harassing the referee on the court under any circumstances and will be punished for losing the foul immediately, whether intentional or unintentional. He won his 18th Grand Slam title and forfeited his prize money and did not earn points.
"Footballer-Referee" COVID-19 test before restarting Thai League on September 12|A team of referees and footballers from Thai League Football Club, led by Port FC, underwent COVID-19 testing before the Thai League resumed on September 12-13 today (September 8, 2020). Take a COVID-19 test at the Department of Medical Sciences Before the Thai League resumes on September 12-13, clubs in other provinces can test for COVID-19 at the Department of Medical Sciences. 15 public health ministries nationwide until September 9. Port Authority FC footballer or Tao Dinho is confident that COVID-19 testing will help make Thai League matches safer. He still wants to compete to lead the Port Authority to win the league for the first time. After 4 games, Pier has 10 points, 3rd place, 2 points behind leaders Bencock and 2nd place Ratchaburi. The results of the tests of the players and referees will be released on September 10-11, with the Thai Football League allowing fans to attend games in the stadium. The Port Authority will play a restart match on Sept. 13 against Polis Tero. At 6:00 p.m., while Akira Nishino The head coach of the Thai men's national team met with the team, led by assistant coach Thachatawan Sripan. , Issara Sritaro, Anurag Srikerd, Amarin Yaodam Goalkeeper coach and Shiraki Yohei Fitness coach to lay out the way and watch the players' form before charging the Thai national team. During FIFA Day by Nishino Plan a mini-camp during FIFA The event will be held on October 7-12 and November 11-16 this year with the aim of preparing the Thai national team for the ASEAN Football Championship. Suzuki Cup in the month Nishino is also preparing to travel to watch BG Pathum United's Big Match match against Buriram United on Sunday, September 13.   
Nonthaburi Team Win a championship Thailand Wheelchair Basketball Championship|Today (September 9, 2020), the Wheelchair Basketball Championship of Thailand 2020 is a competition of 7 leading wheelchair hoops teams in Thailand. Team Nonthaburi, Team Tak, Team Phetchabun, Team Bangkok, Team Saraburi, Team Chiang Mai and Team Songkhla competed at the basketball court. The Sports Authority of Thailand Indoor Sports Center is the final day of the showdown. The highlight is the final of the 5-man wheelchair basketball team, which is a meeting between the Nonthaburi province young wheelchair hoops team that carried players of the Thai national team in a full team, led by Napadol Wannabovorn, Pimjai Puttanoi, Kwan Chai. Pimkorn, Sirisak Ruen Wongngam and Rungroj Chaiman played against the Saraburi Wheelchair Basketball Team, where most of the players are wheelchair basketball athletes. Rising stars: Thanasarn Supaporn, Teerapong Mixsap, Pongsakorn Sriphirom, Wansamon Butpho, Mongkol Tansa-saat Both teams started the game early in the first quarter. Do not delay coming out to open the attack to each other immediately. It is Saraburi that relies on the precise shot of Pongsakorn Sriphirom. Taking an early 19-14 lead in the second quarter, the game remained fierce. Nonthaburi, who followed suit, adjusted the game plan to block Pongsakorn play. Sriphirom, who is Saraburi's best player, uses counter-attack play and relies on the precise shooting of Kwanchai Pimkorn and Sirasak. Ruen Wong Ngam until he was able to chase Nonthaburi to overtake to lead 44-28 points back in the third quarter. The game improved in an instantly and was able to score 39-52 until Nonthaburi had to ask for time outside the game break. When the game pic of Saraburi Nonthaburi, who relied on a decisive counter-attack, escaped the score to 63-45 in the final quarter. The game was still intense, Saraburi, who were still behind, still fighting to open the attack continuously and tried to use a long shot 3 points, but it was not very accurate, causing Nonthaburi, who came out to play to close the game, tried to use the zone to close the attack until Saraburi did not do anything and played a counter-attack game according to their own style, scoring points to win the banner in the end 73-55 points to win the Thailand championship successfully, while the 3rd place belongs to the wheelchair hoop team in Chiang Mai province and the wheelchair team in Tak province who share the cup. Mr. Jutinan Phiromphakdi Chairman of the Paralympic Committee of Thailand He revealed that from watching the game continuously, he saw the development of athletes, especially wheelchair basketball players. This is evident from the performance of the Saraburi provincial team, which is mostly young players who have performed excellently, winning the championship in the 3x3 category and can also compete in the 5-man category, making it necessary to say that this is a good sign for the wheelchair basketball team of Thailand. Because it allows us to continue to expand this sport as well.
"Nevin" urges Buriram residents not to panic about Akbar case showing COVID-19 test result |"Nevin Chidchob", President of Buriram United Club, shows that he has not tested positive for COVID-19, leaving Buriram residents not to worry about the case of the team's players being infected due to the low number of infections today (September 12, 2020). Facebook Page "Uncle Nevin" reveals pictures of Mr. Nevin Chidchob's COVID-19 test result The president of Buriram United Club stated that you can be alert, but do not be alarmed in the case of Agba. Buriram United players Tested positive for coronavirus 2019, causing the Thai League to postpone the program of Buriram United team for 2 games according to the advice of the Ministry of Public Health. All Districts Every village, every profession, that is not close to or living with "Agba". No need to panic or panic too much in Buriram province and in Thailand. No one is closer to "Agba" than Uncle Nevin, with the footballers and coaching staff of Buriram United almost every day. The whole team has activities together, eats. Football practice, exercise, team meetings, travel together today. Footballer's test results Coach, Manager Team officials and Uncle Nevin, who tested yesterday, all tested positive for COVID-19, medical explained as "Agba." Do not infect anyone because of the results of medical laboratory tests. It was found that the infection found from the "Agba" test was very small and unhealthy, which is evident from "Agba". There are no signs of illness, and people who live close activities are all close to everyone. Even if a footballer does not have COVID-19, but medically it is considered a risk group, as a close contact, "Agba" must undergo quarantine according to public health standards. People who are not close to "Agba" should not be too alarmed, especially those who have never met. "Agba" comes first. The more you don't have to worry about people who have done activities with "Agba" such as serving food, taking pictures. If you are unsure, you can get tested at Buriram Hospital.The best way to prevent COVID-19 is to wear a surgical mask or cloth mask. Prevent droplets when coughing and sneezing, wash hands frequently and keep your distance. This can be done. To keep us safe from COVID-19, Buriram United fight!      
"Madame Pang" apologizes to port fans Power outage in Polis Tero|"Madame Pang" apologizes to Port Authority fans for power outage in Pat Stadium Stadium in the 5th restart game more than 60 minutes, resulting in the Port Authority being fined 0-2 loss and fined 50,000 baht according to the rules of the Metropolitan Electricity Authority Association. Confirm normal power supply system. The power outage was caused by a power control device. Yesterday (13 Sep 2020) Reporters reported that before the end of the 5th Thai League match between Port Authority and Polit Tero in the 88th minute, where the score was tied at 1-1, a power outage caused the match to end amid fans in the stadium who came to watch the game. Fixed the issue within 1 hour but failed. As a result, the Port Authority was fined 0-2 loss and fined another 50,000 baht according to the rules specified by the Football Association. After the incident, Nuanpan Lamsam or "Madam Pang", president of Port Authority F.C., issued a brief apology to the fans, saying, "Pang has been running the team since 2015, more than 6 years. "However, we would like to clarify that Port Authority FC has always invested in the development of all utilities, especially the electrical system, which is an important factor in organizing matches in the stadium. In addition to losing and monetary fines, the Port Authority may be penalized with points and must pay compensation to the Polis Tero team. Another competitor with the latest The Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA) has clarified via its Facebook page. The Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA) has inspected that MEA's electrical system is still supplying electricity normally. The main circuit breaker of the football stadium is damaged and the electricity cannot be restored to normal  
"Chompach" Open 4-under to take the lead Re"BGC-SAT"|Today (15 Sep 2020) Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with Sports Authority of Thailand and Bangkok Glass Container Public Company Limited The 5th BGC-SAT Thai LPGA Challenge 2020 Women's Professional Golf Tournament 2020 was held at Panorama Golf and Country Club. The tournament features 75 women's professional golfers in a 2-day, 36-hole stroke play tournament with no cuts, players ranked 1-40 in the final round will receive prize money, with the winner receiving a trophy and a cash prize of 60,000 baht, as well as a hole-in-one prize worth 50,000 baht from Bangkok Glass Co., Ltd. Container Public Company Limited or BGC gave the first finisher at the 133-yard par-3 2nd hole at the end of the first round. The 23-year-old from Kalasin took the lead before a 4-under-par 68 with the first nine holes still unheated to collect all pars. Going into the nine holes after starting the hot putter made four birdies at holes 14, 15, 17 and 18. The 23-year-old scored a 3-under-par 69 from a birdie start at hole 3 before losing a double bogey on the par-4 5th hole with four putts from 50 feet. First Round Leader Revealed that today finished at 4-under par, the first nine holes hit par on every hole, hitting 8 on, most greens made 2 putts, nine holes after putting better than the first round. The course here is quite mountainous and the set is short, making short irons and making birdie putts. Fortunately, I hit it over a hurdle today, so it was easier to play. For this time, it wasn't easier, but the putt was better, the approach shot was better. Chantanakhet The one-stroke follower said that in the first nine holes, he made 1 birdie on the 3rd hole, but lost a double bogey on the par-4 5th hole by making 4 putts in 50 feet.
"Panupol - Ratchapol - Jesada - Phum" Singha Thailand Masters|Today (18 Sep 2020) Reporters reported that the professional golf tournament accumulated world ranking points. All Thailand Golf Tour sponsored by Singha Corporation Co., Ltd., Sports Authority of Thailand The National Sports Development Fund organized the "21 Singha Thailand Masters" during 17-20 September 2020 at Santiburi Country Club, Chiang Rai, 7,113 yards, par 72 to accumulate 5 world ranking points in the first round of the tournament. Panupol Pittayarath, a 27-year-old pro, made 7 birdies on holes 1, 3, 4, 8, 14, 17 and 18 without losing a bogey. Chandwara, a 33-year-old pro, 27-year-old pro Jesada Sewewallop and 25-year-old pro Phum Patropong, who made seven birdies without losing a bogey. mohammed abadi The former 2017 champion said: "I hit minus 7 today, 7 birdies. No bogies. Good day. The missed ball makes a save. You can give yourself a chance. Actually, I did a good job on almost every hole. There were some mistakes, but they were saved. The birdie hole was as planned, hit and putt down. Try shot-by-shot tomorrow. Try not to think about the last hole or the hole in front of the focus shot that is about to hit the "Progo" Ratchapol section. Chandwara said: "Today was very impressive, before after Covid, I didn't play well for a while, the last 5-6 matches were substandard, but today I played a little bit better than the standard. I played, tried to calm down, played slowly. I had a nice shot on 6 holes where I made birdies and I had a 15-foot birdie putt on a hole, which was overall very good. Rogue Head So I tried the newest putter. I tried to practice putting well, making the game slippery. For tomorrow, I will play the same. The fairway course is quite narrow. The ruff affects the play because it is long, but it is still good that the greens are still soft. There are 3 golfers who finished behind at 6-under-par 66, namely Ratanon Wannasrichan, Netipong Srithong and Chakrapan Premsirikorn, while former champion Phrom Meesawad scored 1-under-par 71 at 53 joint. Pat Buranathanarat scored 4-under-par 68 at 12 joint, Phum Saksansilp scored 3-under-par 69 at 26 joint, Save Maksaeng and Thavorn Wiratchan scored 2-under-par 70 at 35 joint, Pawith Tangkamol Prasert and Dantai Bunma scored even-par 72 at 64 joint, Thammanun Sriroj scored 1-over-par 73 at 78 joint, Thanyakorn Krongpha and Namluck Tantipokakul scored 1-over-par 73 at 78 joint. Scored 4-over-par 76 at 106.
"Nattaphan" overtakes the second round lead at 7-under "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA" Course 6 at Panorama |Today (September 19, 2020), the Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with the Sports Authority of Thailand and Singha Corporation Co., Ltd. organized the 12th edition of the 6th Women's Professional Golf Tournament 2020 "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020" with a total prize fund of 1 million baht.  The winner will receive 120,000 baht, and there will also be a hole-in-one prize of 100,000 baht. Supported by BG Container Glass Public Company Limited or BGC at the 161-yard par-3 2nd hole for the first winner and the daily prize for professional and amateur golfers is a gift certificate worth 15,000 baht from Leonion (Thailand) Co., Ltd. during 17-19 September 2020 at Panorama Golf and Country Club, Nakhon Ratchasima. In the second round of the tournament amid a rainstorm that has been falling since the morning. "Pronew" Nattaphan Siritrai relies on his experience competing in his school days at Iowa State University, USA, where he faced all kinds of hot weather. Rain Nao took the lead in the second round by collecting another 2-under-par 70 from 5 birdies at holes 4,5,8,14 and 15 by losing 3 bogeys at holes 11,12 and 18 over two days for a total of 7-under par 137. The second-round leader said: "The two-day total was 7-under par, there were about three or four easy mistakes, it's a shame. Field conditions that rained all day, the greens were also considered complete. The fairway is a little wet, so the course is in good condition. The point that makes me take the lead today is to try to focus on one shot at a time. Don't think about the lost shot. Keep thinking about how your next shot will hit. The plan for tomorrow is to go back and see the stats that have been made to see which holes still need improvement. The main thing is to still play according to the original plan. As for wanting a championship, everybody wants it. Finally, please cheer for New. Thank you very much"There are 3 second place. Those include "Proom" Supamas Sangchan from Sukhothai, a player on the Japan Step-Up Tour, who scored another 3-under-par 69, "Proprim" Prima Thammarak, a player on the SEMETRA Tour, who added 1-under-par 71, and "Prochin" Athaya Thitikul. First round leader from Ratchaburi The winner of the 3rd course, today can only even-par 72, the total score is 6-under-par 138, the 5th place belongs to "Promind" Trichat Jean back who scored a total of 5-under-par 139, this round collected another 1-under-par 71 and "Pro Piano" Apichaya Yubol, 18 years old from Saraburi. The record holder of 5 consecutive championships and former 2018 Thai LPGA silver medalist received a daily gift card worth 15,000 baht from Leonian products. After making a 5-under-par 67 today from 6 birdies at holes 3,4,7,8,12 and 17, losing a single bogey on hole 10 in two days for a total of 4-under-par 140, he was ranked 6th with "Pro Jackie" Arpasiri Julaya Supamas Sangchan revealed, "Today I am satisfied with the performance, I have 6 birdies and 3 bogeys, hit the iron quite well, have a lot of birdie opportunities, hit in the rain, challenge again. Thammarak said, "Overall, I am satisfied with my work today because it rained all day since morning. This requires more rhythm and thought to plan the game, which Prim thinks he is good at to some extent. This makes it possible to finish under par. Today  The putt was really good. I made almost every hole. The conditions were OK, we were able to handle the rain all day well and the greens were still running well." In short, he said, "The driver wasn't good today, I started hole 1 and made a bogey on only 11 holes. Let's fight again tomorrow""Propiano" Apichaya Yubol said about making a 5-under-par 67 in this round, "Today I hit 5-under for a total of two days, 4-under par. The irons didn't fit very well today, but the stroke putt and pattern went well, I made a bogey on the 10th hole and made 6 birdies. I'm a rain lover who can hit me, but it's quite difficult to help my dad because it's raining all day. Tomorrow the last day was expected to play as well as today again. I'm very good at this time, I'm going to try to get myself back to hitting as well as before. I will do my best to cheer for all Thai golfers, including me." "Pro Cook" Chompat Pongtanarak, the champion of BGC-SAT Challenge Course 5, scored another 2-under-par 70 for a total score of 2-under-par 142 in the 9th place, while "Propel" Panitta Yusabai, the Singha-SAT Championship champion on the 5th course, hit more than 9 over par 153 and did not make the cut because the final round score was 8 over par 152, with 58 golfers qualified, 55 professional golfers and 3 amateur golfers.
French Open The stadium is open to 5,000 spectators per day.|Tennis Grand Slam The French Open is the first Grand Slam to be opened to spectators during COVID-19. Tennis fans are limited to 5,000 fans per day. Today (Sept. 19) The French Tennis Federation has announced that it will allow tennis fans to attend the tournament. The French Tennis Federation said in a statement that it had limited the number of spectators to 5,000 per day on 75 rai of the venue, which normally attracts more than 500,000 spectators. Last year, the French Open will be the first Grand Slam to allow spectators to enter the stadium. Previously, the U.S. Open was closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, while France's latest situation has not improved due to COVID-19 cases. More than 10,000 new cases a day, bringing the total number of infections to more than 400,000 and more than 31,000 deaths for this year's French Open. She withdrew from the tournament on the grounds that she had suffered a hamstring injury. Meanwhile, world No. 1 Ashley Barty She announced earlier that she would not travel to defend her French Open title due to COVID-19 concerns.
Liverpool Thiago Alcantara debuts with number 6 shirt|Liverpool Thiago Alcantara made his debut after joining from Bayern Munich for £27million today (September 19). Premier League champions Liverpool have announced midfielder Thiago Alcantara, who joined from Bayern Munich for £27m, with Thiago set to wear the No.6 shirt and sign a long-term contract. While Jurgen Klopp has praised his new players for their ability to create and control the tempo of the game and be diligent, Liverpool have played differently to Bayern, so Thiago may need time to adapt to Thiago, who joined Bayern from Barcelona in 2013 and was instrumental in helping the club win the Treble last season. Liverpool travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday to see if Thiago can make his debut. 
Gareth Bale set to make his Spurs debut|Gareth Bale arrives at the Spurs training ground to make his club debut today (September 19). Gareth Bale has arrived at the Spurs training ground with a warm welcome from Spurs fans as Bale prepares to unveil himself as the club's new player. Bale, 31, played for Spurs between 2007 and 2013 before moving to Real Madrid for a then-world record fee of £85million.
Women's Professional Golf Meeting with the Governor of the SAT Discuss ways to develop Thai women's golf|Today ( 21 Sep 20 ) Mr. Krisda Tanwilai President of the Women's Professional Golf Association and M.L. Oras Devakul Secretary General of the Women's Professional Golf Association and Mr. Thasapong Tantemsomboon Member of the Central Committee to meet Dr. Kongsakd Yodmani, Governor of the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT), by this meeting introduced the new working group and administration. After being elected president of the Women's Professional Golf Association. Talk about the development of Thai women's golf. Guidelines for supporting professional sports to be more international and introducing the Women's Professional Golf Association Tournament Trophy From BGC Glass Studio's design
Fined nearly a hundred thousand football associates. Spectators shouting profanity at U-23 games |The association asked for the cooperation of football fans after being fined more than 97,000 baht by the AFC for shouting profanity at a Thai national team game. Meet Saudi Arabia Asian Football Championship Under-23 World Cup Round of 8 today (22 September 2020) Football Association of Thailand We ask football fans to cooperate together to create good cheering behavior. After the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) He was fined U.S. $3,125 for the offence. Asian Football Championship The incident took place on January 18, 2020, when Thailand met Saudi Arabia. The decision was made to the Football Association of Thailand. A fine was paid for having spectators shout profanities at the referee's team during the match. The AFC fined the Football Association of Thailand a total of U.S. $6,250 (about 195,947 baht). It was also the first offense, so half of the offense was granted in the amount of U.S. $3,125 (about 97,973.50 baht). The fine must be paid by November 29, 2020. Within 2 years, the association will have to pay a fine of U.S. $3,125 (approximately 97,973.50 baht). The AFC also informed the association that if the incident is repeated, it may face heavier penalties next time, and asked for the cooperation of supporters to prevent such incidents.
Intensely scored the first day at 4-under-par, ranked joint 45th.|Today ( 2 Oct 20 ) Movement of Concentrate Limpasut THAI GOLFER, WHO COMPETED IN THE SAVANNAH GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP KORN FERRY TOUR AT THE LANDINGS CLUB - DEER CREEK GC, A 7,128-YARD, PAR-72 COURSE IN SAVANNAH, GEORGIA, SCORED A 4-UNDER AFTER MISSING A DOUBLE BOGEY ON THE FIRST HOLE BEFORE RECOVERING SIX BIRDIES TO SHARE 45TH PLACE. Tee off from hole 1 at 8:55 a.m. or 7:55 p.m. local time on Friday night.
Concentrate scored an additional 3-under-par through the cut to advance to the final two rounds.|Today (3 Oct 2020 ) Movement of concentrated Limpasut THAI GOLFERS COMPETING IN THE SAVANNAH GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP KORN FERRY TOUR AT THE LANDINGS CLUB - DEER CREEK GC, A 7,128-YARD, PAR-72 COURSE IN SAVANNAH, GEORGIA.RESULTS ROUND 2 WAS INTENSE, SCORING ANOTHER 3-UNDER-PAR 69 FROM 5 BIRDIES AND 2 BOGEYS OVER TWO DAYS. A total score of 7-under-par 137 (68,69) TIED 48TH. THE FINAL TWO CUTS THIS WEEK WERE 6-UNDER PAR AND THE LEADERSHIP SHIFTED TO KEVIN DOUGHERTY AND EVAN HARMELING, TWO AMERICAN PROS WHO TIED THE SCORE AT 13-UNDER-PAR. Tee off from hole 1 at 9:09 a.m. or 8:09 p.m. Saturday Night Thailand Time
Renuka scored 7-under to lead BGC-SAT Golf Course 6.|Today (6 Oct 2020) Women's Professional Golf Association and Sports Authority of Thailand Women's Professional Golf Tournament "BGC-SAT Thai LPGA Challenge 2020" Course 6 of 2020 at Singha Park, Khon Kaen Golf Club The tournament features 62 women's professional golfers in a 2-day, 36-hole stroke play tournament with no cuts. The 25-year-old Singha Pattana Khon Kaen golfer started with a 7-under-par 65 from eight birdies on holes 1,6,8,9,11,13,14 and 15, losing a single bogey on hole 7. The 25-year-old scored a 6-under-par 66 from seven birdies at holes 3,8,9,10,16,17 and 18, losing a single bogey on hole 1, one stroke behind the leader. Drivers are better than in the past. The putt was great. I had a bit of a drop in drives, but I played a little bit wet, but it was in good condition, so it didn't affect how I played today, for tomorrow I want to win my 25th birthday for myself, I will play my best. I had 25 putts today, played well on the first nine holes and the last nine putts were a little better. The first round hit 2-under, the latter hit 4-under, but the morning after the rain all night was a little wet, while the third place went to "Pro Praew" Pattaraporn. Masshu "Promind" Trichat Jean Back and "Pro Bow" Panpaka Pandumabumrung each scored 3-under-par 69, while the sixth place was joined by 8 players, namely Pasinee Thongbaryai, Kulthida Brahmpan, Chankmanee Charoenpattanasathit and Narisara. Kerdrit, Nantikarn Rakchat, Nontaya Srisawang, Preenaphan Poomklay and Picsorn Chaichompoo each scored 2-under-par 70.
"Madame Pang" Announces Port Authority Field Knot Power Outage Round 2|Nang Nuanpan Lamsam or Madame Pang  Port Authority Club president to clarify Pat's stadium case Meanwhile, a spokesman for the Football Association pointed out that the Port Authority must punish the penalty and pay compensation today (October 6, 2020) due to the Thai League match at Pat Stadium last weekend. Mrs. Nuanpan Lamsam or Madam Pang, President of the Port Authority Club, along with Muangthong team manager Kan Chanrat and police officers, Metropolitan Fire Authority officials attended to clarify the issue. The Football Association's Disciplinary Committee revealed that on Oct. 4, the power outage occurred. The Port Authority team invited the Port Authority Police to take care of the area, which the police said should not do anything further and that fans and athletes should leave the stadium first so that EOD officers can enter the area to inspect Nuan Pan. He said he had come to clarify himself today with all documents and evidence and apologized to the fans for the incident. After this, if there is a game at the Port Authority as a home team. The Port Authority will request to use the center field as its home ground instead of Pat Stadium. Confirming that it is a standard stadium but cannot reveal it yet. After completion of consideration Maj. Gen. Amnuay Nimmano Football Association Spokesperson Regulation 5.1.7 states that defective member organizations may not use their venues. on the specified date. For any reason, the penalty will be fined and lost, and the association will be liable to compensate for the actual damages incurred, which is the second time this season that the Port Authority has been fined for losing due to a power outage at the stadium. After the encounter with Polis Tero, Mid-range Last September, it was expected that Madame Pang Central Stadium would be switched to the first leg. It is highly likely to be Chulalongkorn University Stadium, the home stadium of Chamchuri United. Affiliate teams in the Thai League 3, but must wait for confirmation of clarity again. The Football Association of Thailand and Thai League Co., Ltd. will be responsible for producing broadcast signals for all Thai League 1 matches via free TV channels after the expiration of their contracts with the former copyright holders on October 25. 
Intense preparation before racing in Florida|Intense Limpasut prepares for race in Florida The first round kicks off on Thursday morning. Thai Golfers THE 24-YEAR-OLD, WHO IS TRAINING FOR THE KORN FERRY TOUR OF THE ORANGE COUNTY NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP AT THE 7,269-YARD, PAR-72 ORANGE COUNTY NATIONAL GOLF COURSE IN ORLANDO, FLORIDA, WHICH IS CONSIDERED THE FINAL EVENT OF THE 2020 SEASON BEFORE RESUMING THE 2021 SEASON IN JANUARY, SPOKE ABOUT THIS WEEK'S COURSE. But the fairway is quite wide and the ruff is not very long, and there are par-5s to four holes and there are many holes left where birdies can be made. The overall conditions are similar to last year when I came to Q School here in December. This week, if the weather is good, the overall score will be low, but the weather forecast is that there may be rain on some days. Overall, the weather is extremely hot and intense, with the first tee off from hole 1 on Thursday at 8:40 a.m. or 1:40 p.m. local time.
Know "ALS" depriving the famous football team player "Keegan of Thailand" |Sakdrin Thongmee, former Thai national football team player in pre-Olympic history After 4 years of treatment with muscular weakness (ALS), doctors pointed out that there is no cure. You can only support the symptoms, recommend regular exercise, eat healthy food, control stress. In the case of Lt. Sakdrin Thongmee, a former player of the Thai national football team in the history of the pre-Olympic series. Former pre-Olympic team The owner of "Keegan of Thailand" passed away after 4 years of treatment with muscular weakness (ALS) today (October 8, 2020). DR. SOMSAK ARNKHASILP The Director-General of the Department of Medicine said that muscular weakness or ALS is a disease caused by the degeneration of neurons in the brain and spinal cord that control muscle function. There is an abnormality that weakens the muscles in the arms and legs. Difficulty swallowing Difficulty breathing Dr. Tanin Vejchapinan, director of the Institute of Neurology, said patients with muscular weakness can return home for treatment but must take medication prescribed by the doctor at all times. In addition, caregivers must try to provide the patient. Exercise and do regular activities to avoid muscle atrophy. Pressure sores and joint stiffness Get enough rest. Avoid heat and stress. Eat soft foods and do not chew much. In addition, family members and relatives need to be encouraging and by their side so that the patient can live the rest of his life as happily as possible, after which the symptoms will begin to become more severe. The muscles in the arms and legs are atrophied. Difficulty eating. Slurred speech. Second phase. The symptoms become so severe that they spread to the respiratory system. Difficulty in daily activities due to fatigue from muscle weakness. The patient will not be able to help himself. They must be fed and water via saline and may die due to respiratory failure. Take good care of your health. If you get infected or get sick, seek medical attention immediately. Avoid strenuous exercise. Control stress Avoid exposure to or exposure to pesticides or heavy metals and strong radiation, which will trigger, cause cell deterioration and death. Eat a healthy diet and if you suspect muscle weakness, seek medical attention for diagnosis to prevent the disease from progressing. The Institute of Neurology recognizes the importance of To establish a clinic dedicated to ALS and neuromuscular diseases to provide patients with continuous and comprehensive diagnosis and treatment, as well as support ventilators for patients to receive treatment and improve their quality of life. 
Tokyo Games Moving forward with plans to allow fans to enter the stadium|Tokyo Games Thomas Bach plans to allow fans around the world to travel to the Olympics today (Oct. 8). The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) confirmed this from yesterday's IOC meeting. The Tokyo Games organizers continue to work under the Fans around the world will be allowed to attend the Olympic Games, but there is still no certainty as the IOC and hosts Japan continue to closely monitor the global COVID-19 situation. Mori President of Tokyo Games Organizing Department They said they cut the cost of hosting the Games by 2 percent by canceling parties during the Olympic Games. The project is expected to cut costs by US$280 million from US$12.6 billion, with about 50 other details that hosts are considering cutting costs, including reducing the size of banner decorations, reducing the number of shuttles, reducing reception space and reducing the number of mascots, as well as canceling official national team welcome ceremonies.
Djokovic-Nadal reaches French Open final|Novak Djokovic reached the final. Grand Slam French Open meets Raphael Nadal today (Oct. 10) competes at the French Open tennis Grand Slam in Paris, France. Men's singles Novak semi-finals Djokovic, the No. 1 seed in the tournament, meets No. 5 Stefanos Tsitsipas of Greece. Djokovic got off to a good start as he took a 2-0 lead in the first set with scores of 6-3 and 6-2 and also scored a point in the third set but couldn't close the match. Before Tsitsipas came back to win two sets with scores of 7-5 and 6-4 to tie the match at 2-2, Djokovic had to play the fifth set. A 6-1 victory that lasted 3 hours and 54 minutes allowed Djokovic to reach the final to win the French Open. It is the second title since 2016, which is the French Open finalist this year. It's going to be fun because Djokovic will meet Raphael. Nadal Raja Court Din by Semi-finals Nadal Beat Diego Schwartzman The No. 12 seed from Argentina went down 3-0 6-3, 6-3, 7-6 to win his 13th title at Roland Garros and also to win a 20th Grand Slam title, equalling Roger Federer's all-time record. 
Athaya leads the first round of the Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020 at Course 7. |Today ( 8 Oct 20 ) The Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with the Sports Authority of Thailand and Singha Corporation Co., Ltd. organized the 12th Women's Professional Golf Tournament 7th Tournament 2020 "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020" with a total prize fund of 1 million baht. The winner will receive 120,000 baht, and there will also be a hole-in-one prize of 100,000 baht. Supported by BG Container Glass Public Company Limited (BGC) on the 175-yard par-3 8th hole for the first winner and the daily prize for professional and amateur golfers is a gift certificate worth 15,000 baht from Leonion (Thailand) Co., Ltd. at Singha Park, Khon Kaen Golf Club, Khon Kaen. The three-day, 54-hole stroke play tournament features a total of 96 women's golfers, 81 professional golfers and 15 amateur golfers, with those who score over 16-over-par 88 not eligible for the next round. Hand sanitizer or hand sanitizer will be provided at various points for players to carry alcohol or hand sanitizer at all times during the match. Submit the score by scanning the QR code and have spectators to cheer in the stadium until the end of the first round of the competition. 17-year-old from Ratchaburi The winner of the 3rd course in Prachinburi and the 6th course in Nakhon Ratchasima started with a 5-under-par 67 from six birdies at holes 2,4,6,10,11 and 15 with a single bogey on hole 12. The 26-year-old from Bangkok was second at 4-under-par 68 from Eagle at the par-4 4th hole, followed by four birdies at holes 6, 8, 9 and 11, losing two bogeys at holes 1 and 12. The first-round leader said, "The performance in the first round finished at 5-under par, today was very good, I felt that the putt was quite good, that I could make birdies, most of them were close because I hit close, so I made the game easily, but I still had some bad shots because there was wind in some holes, so it might not be very close, giving myself a little less chance. As for tomorrow's game, I may look at the weather first because I am not sure if there will be rain or if it will be windy like today, but it is the same because here in China I think the app is advantageous because the greens are quite large. Easy to make three putts If you are within the distance you can do it, I will try to give myself more chances." "Pro Honey" Nantikarn Rakchat, deputy leader of the pack, said, "Playing today, I hit a good shot in the first nine holes and the iron was pretty good and I made a putt. In the latter round, the emphasis is on saving continuously. Not broken. The most impressive shot of the round was the par-4 4th hole. The conditions here are good, but the wind was quite strong today, so it affected the game. The game plan for tomorrow is to try to hit as planned, hit the save and concentrate on yourself," said Singha Pattana Khon Kaen golfer. Meanwhile, third place shared the same score at 3-under-par 69 with 8 players: Prima Thammarak, Kanyalak Preedasutichit, Asma Mackenzie, Sidhanath Singhanath, Chermal santiwiwattanapong, panpaka panumabumrung, nemitra Chantanakhet and Abichaya Yubol ranked 11th with 5 players each with a score of 2-under-par 70. Piddon (amateur), Wanchana Phoruangrong, Trichat Jeenklub, Samaporn Krongkhan, Chonlada Chayanan and "Nong Pat" Thanrada Don Closure The 19-year-old, a second-year Sociology student at Central Florida University (UCF), was the best amateur golfer with a 2-under-par 70 in the 11th round of the tournament. There were some bad hits, and the chips weren't good, but I still managed to save the putts. As for the condition of the stadium today, it is perfect. I feel like this stadium is perfect. Green's fast. There was quite a strong wind on this day at first. As a result, the calculation of the distance is not very accurate, there will be a little over-hitting. Later, I started to adapt. As for tomorrow's game plan, it will be based on weather and wind conditions. If it's windy tomorrow like today, play the same way, but calculate the wind better." The winner of the 5th Amateur Championship in Nakhon Nayok concluded for the second round. The last two leaders are Sidhanath Singhanath, Asma. Mackenzie, Prima Thammarak and Panpaka Pannumabumrung will tee off on hole 1 at 9:01 a.m. Nemitra Chantanakhet, Kanyalak Preedasutichit, Nantikarn Rakchat, and Athaya Thitikul At 9:12 a.m.
Prima-Athaya Co-Leader of Golf Thai LPGA Championship 2020|Prima-Athaya The Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020 Course 7 will be held in Khon Kaen province today (Oct. 10) in collaboration with the Sports Authority of Thailand. "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020" held the 12th Women's Professional Golf Tournament 2020 with a total prize fund of 1 million baht. At Singha Park Khon Kaen Golf Club The tournament is a 3-day, 54-hole stroke play tournament with a total of 96 women's golfers, 81 professional golfers and 15 amateur golfers. The joint lead was 7-under-par 137, while third place went to 2018 Thai LPGA Tour silver medalist Apichaya Yubol with a score of 6-under-par 138.  
vijay a.k.a Ruud visits opponents after suffering a serious injury in Thai League game|vijay abbas Kittipong is ready to apologize. Confirmed not intending to cause serious injury today (Oct. 11). Anan Midfielder True Bangkok visited Kittipong Ratchaburi Mitr Phol goalkeeper Phu Row rope at the hospital immediately after the Toyota Thai League match in Bangkok's 1-2 defeat to Ratchaburi and confirmed that he had no intention of hurting his teammates. vijay a.k.a Tried to play at the ball, but it hit Kittipong who came out. make kittipong He was injured and was sent to the hospital immediately. While Pokklao He was shown a red card at the end of the first half. Kittipong's Recent Symptoms Nothing to worry about, because the head wasn't concussed. There is only a mouth wound that requires 4 stitches. Anan worked with Kittipong Phu Row rope in True Bangkok team before Kittipong moved to Ratchaburi Mitr Phol
Lakers beat Miami Heat 4-2 Most NBA championship games |The LA Lakers beat the Miami Heat 4-2 to win the championship. He won his 17th NBA title and set the record for the most championships the Boston Celtics have ever won in the NBA Finals. Game 6 between the LA Lakers and Miami Heat with the Lakers leading 3-2. LeBron James scored 28 points, 14 rebounds and 10 assists to lead his side to a 106-for-93 victory and a MVP title. The Boston Celtics closed the series 4-2 to win their 17th NBA title, the most ever achieved by the Boston Celtics.
Napoli have been ruled out of the match due to Covid fears.|Football clubs Napoli were fined for losing 3-0 and were cut 1 point for refusing to travel to Juventus due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Italian Serie A announces cuts to football team Napoli 1 point for refusing to travel for big match against Juventus On October 4, Napoli claimed they had to quarantine as recommended by the local public health because three team members were found to be infected with COVID-19. After a match against Genoa, where 22 members of the squad were found to be infected with Covid, their refusal to travel to the match prompted Serie A to fine. Napoli had lost 3-0 earlier, but Napoli were cut off by 1 point for breaching Covid rules that stipulated that football teams could cancel fixtures. If more than 10 team members are infected with COVID or fewer than 13 players are available due to penalties, Napoli have played 3 matches, won 2 and lost 1 with 5 points, dropping to 8th in the table.
to charge 6 Russian officials cyber attack at 2020 Olympics|UK & US Charges a Russian military intelligence officer. Britain and the United States have confirmed that six members of Russia's military intelligence services have been arrested in a cyber attack to disrupt the Olympic Games today (Oct 20), Reuters reported. Officials declined to provide details about whether the hack was successful, but said the hackers targeted tournament organizers, sponsors and logistics suppliers.The 2020 Olympics cyber attack is the latest hacking attempt against an international sports organization. Other attacks, such as hacking Opening ceremony of the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea by harassing hundreds of computers This prevents access to the Internet and interrupts broadcasting. Cybersecurity Researcher The hackers are thought to have links to Russia, China and North Korea, but six of the Russian officials charged are believed to still live in Russia.
Golf Singha Laguna Phuket Open second round "Kosuke" Single lead on the clubhouse.|Professional Golf Tournaments Accumulate World Ranking Points All Thailand Golf Tour sponsored by Singha Corporation Co., Ltd., Sports Authority of Thailand National Sports Development Fund organizes "Singha Laguna Phuket Open 2020" with a total prize fund of 2 million baht The first round of the morning round followed yesterday, followed by the second round by Kosuke Hamamoto, a 20-year-old half-Thai-Japanese pro from Chiang Mai, who finished the first round with a solo lead of 6-under-par 64 and added a second-round score of 3-under-par 67 from 6 birdies and 3 bogeys. As a result, the judges had to suspend the tournament for an hour and a half, resulting in golfers finishing only half the tournament. The rest of the competition had to resume on the morning of October 17, after the swing game of the Thai-Japanese half, who is looking for the first championship in professional play, revealed, "In the morning I collected 3 more points, the first round ended at minus 6, and when I collected the second round, I added 3 more to minus 9. "Before this match, I went to Chiang Mai, I thought I had reviewed a lot of things, I tried not to put pressure on myself, hit as I practiced, tomorrow I played the same, hit as we hit for the first 2 days, I think if I can stay in my plan, I think I am happy with the game." Thanaphat Pichaikul (67) scored 5-under-par 135, Panupol Pittayarat (67) scored 4-under-par 136, Kwanchai Tannil (68) scored 3-under-par 137, Ratanon Wannasrichan (69) and Ratchapol (69) scored 3-under-par. Chandwara (69) scored 1-under-par 139, Kasidit Lepkaruda (69) scored even-par 140, Pawith Tangkamol Prasert (73) scored 1-over-par 141Pachara Kongwatmai (71) and Thammanun Sriroj (74) scored 2-over-par 142. Wichayanon Chotihiranrungruang and Thanyapisit Aomsin finished 7 holes with a total score of 6-under-par, Thanyakorn Krongpha finished 6 holes with a total score of 2-under-par. Boonmanetipong Srithong finished 8 holes with a total score of 1-under-par, lucky. Tantipokakul and Somop Kaewkanjana finished 8 holes with a total score of even-par, Sarit Suwannarat Finish 6 holes with a total score of 1 over par, Itthiphat Buranathanarat finish 8 holes with a total score of 2 over par and Udon Duangdecha finish 8 holes with a total score of 3 over par.
Petr Cech is back in Chelsea's squad for the Premier League.|Chelsea have made a surprise signing of Petr Cech to their 25-man squad for this season's Premier League campaign. The official 25-man squad for the 2020-2021 Premier League season has been officially announced. Former Chelsea and Arsenal goalkeeper Peter Cech has decided to include Petr Cech's name in the 25-man roster, with the 38-year-old Cech hanging up his gloves in 2019 and currently serving as Chelsea's technical adviser. There's no Mesut Ozil name. The 32-year-old midfielder will be out of league action for Arsenal. Ozil was previously not on the Europa League list. 
"Coach One" is confident that the professional league will help develop young players to Chaba Kaew.|The former head coach of the Thai women's national football team believes that the women's professional football league will help develop the potential of Thai women to be a vital force in their pursuit of World Cup tickets. Final Round 3rd session today (21 October 2020) Coach One Ruethai Sa Thong Vien Former head coach of Thailand women's national football team He revealed that having a standardized women's professional league will help elevate Thai women as an option and a vital force in the chase for tickets to the World Cup. Final Round The 3rd edition of the women's professional football league is divided into 2 divisions, namely the top league and the minor league, with 8 teams each, with team sponsorship and prize money totaling 10 million baht, while the first match will be a meeting between the Football Association of Chonburi province and the Air Force at the Football Potential Development Center, Bangkok Thonburi University. On Oct. 31 at 4 p.m., a coach coached BG Pandit and led the Thailand women's national football team to the World Cup. Two consecutive finals, in 2015 in Canada and 2019 in France.
Adam Scott Infected with COVID-19 Withdrew from the entire season tour.|Adam Scott, former world No. 1 golfer Infected with COVID-19 Adam Scott has withdrawn from the PGA Tour Soso Championship today (Oct. 22). The world No. 15 and 14-time PGA Tour winner has withdrawn from this week's PGA Tour Soso Championship in the United States. Former world No 1 Adam Scott, 40, has confirmed he will be out until the end of the season, with several golfers previously contracting COVID-19, including current world No 1 Dustin Johnson, while pros Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson have all tested positive for COVID-19. McIlroy admitted to being concerned about the COVID-19 pandemic, but McIlroy still wants to see fans on the course, but the PGA Tour tried to allow spectators to enter the course several times, but it had to be cancelled due to safety concerns.
Serena Williams founded the U.S. Women's Football League.|Serena Williams joins Hollywood actresses and sports personalities ahead of Angel City's U.S. Women's Soccer League today (Oct. 22). It has been officially confirmed that they formed a women's soccer club in Los Angeles to compete in the U.S. Women's Soccer League. In the 2022 season, by Serena and Natalie's team. Portman, also known as Angel City Football Club, will become the 11th team in the U.S. Women's Football League for Serena and Portman, one of the investment groups that have joined forces with people in the U.S. entertainment and sports industry to form the Angel City team.
Buriram Tangkama hopes to lead the team to reclaim greatness.|Buriram United fast hand pulls Alexandre Gama back to manage the team again. After just a few days of unemployment, aiming to claim greatness and win a ticket to next year's AFC Championship, Brazilian football coach Alexandre Gama has returned to Buriram United for the second round. Although Buriram United have not officially announced their appointment, Gama has already been put in charge on the official website of the Thai League, with Gama taking over from Bocidar. Bandović announced his resignation on Monday. After a poor start to the season with just 10 points from 8 games, Gama will make his debut in charge of Buriram in the second round with a visit to Buriram. Trat FC on Sunday (October 25) At 18.00 hrs, Trat FC just overturned the lock to beat Muangthong United 1-0, causing Gama to decide to leave Muang Thong. Alexandre Gama has been managing football in Thailand since 2014 and has managed many teams including Buriram United, Chiangrai United, Thailand U-23 national team and Muangthong United, as well as making history leading Buriram to win 5 titles in a single year. In the 2015 season
Chakansim leads first day of Thai LPGA Challenge golf|"Chakansim" debuted 6-under to lead the pro-women "BGC-SAT Thai LPGA Challenge" Course 7 in Prachinburi today (Oct 26) Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with Sports Authority of Thailand. Women's Professional Golf Tournament "BGC-SAT Thai LPGA Challenge 2020" 7th Circuit 2020 Win 500,000 Baht During 26-27 October 2020 at Kabinburi Sports Club The tournament was contested by 60 women professional golfers in a 2-day, 36-hole stroke play tournament with no cut to finish the first round, with "Pro Fai" Chakansim Khambon from Khon Kaen making his debut in the first round to take the lead at 6-under-par 66 from "Pro Nook" Mukarin Ladkratok from Lopburi and "Pro Mind" Trichat China back one stroke behind.     
Cristiano Ronaldo is being investigated for breaching COVID-19 precautions.|Italian Ministry of Sports Cristiano Ronaldo is being investigated for violating COVID-19 precautions today (Oct 23). Italian Minister of Sports The prosecutor's office is investigating Cristiano Ronaldo. In case of violation of COVID-19 prevention measures While traveling from the Portugal camp back to Italy by Italy's sports minister insisted no one was exempt from special circumstances. Ronaldo's latest test is still positive for the second round of Covid tests, giving Ronaldo the chance to miss Juventus' Champions League clash with Barcelona on Wednesday, while former Barcelona and AC Milan player Ronaldinho is expected to miss Wednesday's Champions League clash with Barcelona. The 40-year-old confirmed he had COVID-19. Ronaldinho was forced to quarantine in a hotel in Brazil. He revealed that he has no medical condition and still feels healthy and thanked all the care that fans sent in 5 months ago. Ronaldinho is detained in Paraguay on suspicion of passport forgery and was recently released back to Brazil in August.
Jackie wins BGC-SAT Thai LPGA Challenge 7 in Prachinburi|Today (October 28, 2020), the Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with the Sports Authority of Thailand and BG Co., Ltd. Container Glass Public Company Limited organizes women's professional golf tournament "BGC-SAT Thai LPGA Challenge 2020" 7th Circuit 2020 Win 500,000 Baht at Kabin Buri Sports Club The tournament features a total of 60 female professional golfers, a 2-day, 36-hole stroke play tournament with no cuts, where players ranked 1-40 in the final round will receive prize money, with the winner receiving a trophy and a prize fund of 60,000 baht. 50,000 Baht from BG Container Glass Public Company Limited (BGC) has given the first winner the 157-yard par-3 16th hole a professional golf tournament that must be subject to COVID-19 prevention measures, such as temperature checks before the tournament. Hand sanitizer or hand sanitizer will be provided at various points for players to carry alcohol or hand sanitizer at all times during the match. Submit the score by scanning the QR code and have spectators cheer on the course. At the end of the 2 days and 36 holes, Jackie Julya The 25-year-old from Bangkok, who won the Challenge Course 6 in Khon Kaen, made a final day 6-under-par 66 from 6 birdies at holes 2,3,6,8,16 and 17 without losing a single bogey. After doing so at Singha Park Khon Kaen Golf Club. Earlier this month, the second place belonged to "Pro Nook" Mukarin Ladkratok from Lopburi at 6-under-par 138 to receive 38,600 baht in prize money, while "Pro Fai" Chakansim Khambon, the first-day leader from Khon Kaen, finished 5-under-par 139 in 3rd place to receive 29,800 baht in prize money. The 8th Circuit will take place from 29-31 October 2020 at Kabinburi Sport Club, Prachinburi.
Bartomeu resigns as Barcelona president|Joseph Bartomeu has announced his resignation as Barcelona president along with the entire board of directors today (October 28, 2020). He will be in office until next year's presidential election next year for Mr Bartomeu. In the off-season, especially the recent conflict with Lionel Messi. A group of supporters has compiled a list for a vote of no confidence. Mr Bartomeu's work has 20,687 signatories, exceeding the threshold of 16,250 and a few days ago. Mr. Bartomeu Catalunya's government has expressed opposition to allowing members who vote no confidence in the executive to leave their homes to vote. It does not violate public health regulations. Because now the government of Catalunya Due to the second wave of COVID-19, Mr. Bartomeu used the issue as an excuse to resign. Because they disagree with the Catalunya government. Instead of claiming responsibility for the performance of a team that didn't win anything last season.
Pongsaphak-Nattakrita becomes Thailand Golf Championship 86th|Today (30 Oct 2020) Golf Association of Thailand together with Singha Corporation Co., Ltd., Sports Authority of Thailand and co-sponsors Thailand Amateur Golf Championship "The 86th Singha Thailand Major Open" will be held from 27-30 October at Panya Indra Golf Club (Course B and C) Par 70 for the third round of the men's tournament "FIFA" Pongsapak Laokpakdee. The 15-year-old from Rayong showed a hot putter to collect another 5-under-par 65 from making 6 birdies at holes 1,3,6,8,16 and 18 by losing a single bogey on hole 11 to take the lead in the third round with a total score of 10-under-par 200. 20-year-old from Bangkok, Nattapong Ratchathorn 19-year-old from Lampang and Suttinon Panno The 17-year-old, who led the first two rounds from Chiang Mai, was joint second with a total score of 5-under-par 205. David Boriboonsap and Pattananon Bruminnsee moved up to fifth place at 3-under-par 207. The third-round leader said he was satisfied with the game. Good drive, good prosecution and good putt, making 6 birdies and saving 90 percent par with just 1 bogey in the rain didn't have much effect. She was still able to make par and birdie regularly, losing only one bogey on 11 holes in the women's category. National team The 17-year-old from Bangkok continued his good form with a 2-under-par 68 from 4 birdies at holes 7, 10, 12 and 16, losing 2 bogeys at holes 5 and 9 for a two-day total to win the title at 9-under-par 201. The 21-year-old from Songkhla, who led the first round at 3-under-par 67 over three days, totaled a 6-under-par 204, two strokes behind. 16-year-old national swing team from Chiang Mai at 5-under-par 205Nattakrita Wongtaweelap National Team Swing The 17-year-old led two rounds, second and three. Revealed that today's performance is considered satisfactory, but not good because it has only minus 2, three days, minus 9 total, which is very satisfactory, but could have done better, even if today the rain fell for a while, it is not much of an obstacle. Because the field drains well, it is not wet. On the last day, I plan to play safely. If you can do it, I'll be glad for 5-under.
Suttinond-Nattakrita leads the second round of Singha Thailand Major for the Rama 7 Cup.|Today ( 29 Oct 20 ) Golf Association of Thailand together with Singha Corporation Co., Ltd., Sports Authority of Thailand and co-sponsors Thailand Amateur Golf Championship "The 86th Singha Thailand Major Open" for the King's Cup During 27-30 October 2020 at Panya Indra Golf Club (Course B and C), par 70, men's 6,812 yards, women's 6,008 yards. This year, a total of 117 golfers competed, including 76 men and 41 women, and this year it was held during the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, no foreign golfers participated in the second round. Male Type "Nont" Suttinont Panno The 17-year-old national swing player from Chiang Mai, the leader of the first day, continued his good form with a 2-under-par 68 from 3 birdies at holes 2,4 and 18, losing a single bogey on hole 5 in two days for a total of 7-under-par 133. 19-year-old from Lampang and "FIFA" Pongsapak Laokpakdee The 15-year-old from Rayong was two strokes behind. Meanwhile, 16-year-old champion Wij Pitipat from Nakhon Phanom came in third with Corner Kelly, Nattapong Ratchathorn and Warut Wongrungroj at 3-under-par 137 each. The 17-year-old from Chiang Mai said, "The last two days have been very good. Two days later, it's on track. Today, there is an extra wind that makes it a little more difficult and the speed green is fast. I have two days left to cheer me on. Thank you" Female "Sim" Nathakrita Wongtaweelap The 17-year-old from Bangkok collected another 4-under-par 66 from 7 birdies at holes 2,4,7,8,9,12 and 16 with 3 bogeys at holes 10,11 and 13 for a two-day total to take the lead at 7-under-par 133. Pimkwan Chukaew The 16-year-old junior national swing team was second at 4-under-par 136, finishing the day at even-par 70. The 21-year-old from Songkhla, the first-round leader, hit a 3-over-par 73 to drop to third at 3-under-par 137. 
 Athaya overtakes the second round lead "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA"|Today (31 Oct 2020) The Women's Professional Golf Association in collaboration with the Sports Authority of Thailand and Singha Corporation Co., Ltd. organized the 12th Annual 8th Women's Professional Golf Tournament 2020 "Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship 2020" at Kabinburi Sports Club. Prachinburi province finished the second round. "Pro-Chinese" Athaya Thitikul The 17-year-old from Ratchaburi, the three-time winner of the 2020 Thai LPGA title, carded another 5-under-par 67 from five birdies at holes 2,8,10,14 and 17 without losing a single bogey. The 19-year-old from Pathum Thani scored a 6-under-par 66. The 28-year-old from Khon Kaen scored another 3-under-par 69 and "Nong Pat" Thanrada Piddon scored another 3-under-par 69. 19-year-old amateur golfer from the University of Central, Florida United States Another 2-under-par 70 was the best amateur golfer score today. The second-round leader said: "Everything was good today, confident that the iron was better than yesterday, hit the iron better than yesterday, but there may be some putts that may not go down, but most of them can do it, so it's good to play the first nine holes and the last nine holes. China thought it was okay on both sides, but the last nine holes were better at making more putts because China felt more like playing the last nine holes. Overall, it's a good "pro-licorice" Samaporn active. 21-year-old from Loei The first-round leader hit a 2-over-par 74, dropping to fifth place at 5-under-par 139, and in this round eliminated the score to play the final round at 4-over-par 148, for a total of 62 players for the final round. The last two leaders are Natket Nimitpongkul, Samaporn Kruengkhan and Thanrada. Piddon (amateur) will play at hole 1 at 08.28 and Patcharajuta Kongkrapan, Kulthida Brahmpan and Athaya Thitikul. At 8:39 a.m. respectively.
'Piti-Kantasak' wins Ferrari championship debut Thailand Super Series 2020|Today (2 Nov 2020) The Thailand Super Series is ASEAN's largest road racing event. The season opens at Chang International Circuit, a 4.554 km course in Buriram. The highlight of the race was the Thailand Supercar GT3, a 60-minute race plus 1 lap in the FIA GT3 rated car from a full-fledged manufacturer, the first race of the season. The No. 18 GT of AAS Motorsport did better than move up to the lead. However, before the pit stop opened to replace the second driver, Piti Phiromphakdi took Ferrari back to the top spot before changing hands for Kantasak Kusiri to take the next stick against Kantathir Kusiri. The brother in the Bentley. Kantasak, who took Ferrari 488 GT3, crossed the finish line in first place with a time of 1 hour, 2 minutes, 04.009 seconds, leaving him second in 3.290 minutes, second place Kantathir in a Bentley of AAS Motorsport team, crossing the finish line with a time of 1 hour, 2 minutes, 07.299 seconds, and third place Mercedes-AMG. GT3 No. 7 from YK Team The No. 89 Billion Nair Boy by Sunoco Motorsport driven by Anusorn Asirlertsiri and Pasrit Promsombat clocked 1 hour 2 minutes 33.456 seconds, while fourth place was the No. 89 Ferrari 488 GT3 driven by Worawut Phiromphakdi and Carlo Van Dam with a time of 1 hour 2 minutes 34.645 seconds.
Lampard Confirmed, Havert. Infected with COVID-19 |Kai Havert Tested positive for COVID-19 ahead of Chelsea's Champions League match Frank Lampard beat Rennes 3-0 today (Nov 5). Chelsea coach Reveal why Kai Havert Germany international midfielder Havert did not feature in Chelsea's 3-0 Champions League win over Rennes last night. Contracted COVID-19 and had to be sent back to quarantine at his own residence. Sports English Media Revealed that Havertz Know your COVID-19 test results before the Champions League With Wednesday's Champions League win over Rennes, Chelsea sit top of Group E with seven points, equal to Sevilla.
Abdullah Win the Thai LPGA Challenge Course 8|Bharanee, a young pro from Chiang Rai, won the Thai LPGA Challenge Course 8 at Prachinburi Women's Professional Golf "BGC-SAT Thai LPGA Challenge 2020" Final Course 8 and won 500,000 baht at Kabinburi Sport Course in Prachinburi Province. On the final day, "Pro Running" Bharanee Chutichai from Chiang Rai added another 4-under-par to win the tournament with a total score of 8-under-par, her second title in the tournament. After having won the championship in the 4th circuit in Nakhon Nayok.
Media Releases Salah Not keeping distance before COVID-19|Many media believe Mohamed. Salah Not keeping distance at my brother's wedding before contracting COVID-19 today (Nov. 14) Several media outlets published the clip on social media. Salah Maher Shtayyeh was dancing at weddings and in close contact with many people without physical distancing or wearing masks before contracting COVID-19, according to the news release. Mayor of Nagrik Salah's hometown believes Salah He did not contract COVID-19 at his brother's wedding because he was only present for an hour and only took off his mask when taking pictures. The Egyptian Football Association has confirmed that Salah He tested positive for COVID-19 while isolating with the national team ahead of their African Cup of Nations qualifier against Togo. Salah will definitely miss the game and it will have an impact on the club. Liverpool have lost another important player in the team.
Hamilton wins F1 World Championship 7th period, Schumacher.|Lewis Hamilton won the World Cup. This season's Formula 1 World Championship equals Mikael's record of seven titles. Schumacher today (Nov. 16) Latest Formula 1 World Championship (F1) After the tournament in Turkey Already won this year's World Championship. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton won the Turkish Grand Prix, his ninth race of the season, second to Sergio Perez. Spanish driver Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari and No. 3 Sebastian Vettel have already won this season's world championship and Hamilton's seventh world title equals Mikael. Schumacher The legendary German driver who did it earlier.
Mir, Spanish racer Win the MotoGP World Championship First period|Joan Mir, Spanish rider He won his first MotoGP World Championship 2020 and became the first Suzuki rider in 20 years to win the MotoGP title today (Nov. 16). Flat Road Motorcycle Race 2020 World Championship Round 13 Valencia Grand Prix at Circuit Ricardo Tormo Valencia, Spain In the MotoGP final, Franco Morbidelli Petronas Yamaha Team Racers SRT finished first with a time of 41.22.478 minutes to win the race, while Spanish rider Joan Mir of Team Suzuki won the race. Eckstar has won this season's MotoGP title. Despite crossing the finish line in seventh place with a total of 171 points, no one is sure to catch up, even with one race remaining. Yamaha rider Fabio Quartararo, Mir's main rival in the race for the world championship, crashed on the track and was unable to pick up more points, becoming the first Suzuki rider in 20 years to win the MotoGP title. The Suzuki rider who won the last championship in 2000 was Kennaree Roberts Jr.
Athaya Leading at 10-under to win the championship. Muang Thai Insurance Thailand LPGA Masters 2020|Today (November 20, 2020), Muang Thai Insurance Thailand LPGA Masters 2020 Women's Professional Golf Tournament will be held at Muang Thai Insurance Thailand LPGA Masters 2020. Watermill Golf Club & Resort, Nakhon Nayok finished the 2nd round. The 17-year-old from Ratchaburi collected another 4-under for two days with a total score of 10-under. The leader of the first two rounds revealed that the second place belonged to Pimkwan Chukaew The 16-year-old international amateur golfer from Pathum Thani added another 5-under for a two-day total of 9-under, one stroke behind the leader.   Third place belongs to "Proom" Supamas Sangchan, a young pro on the Japan Step Up Tour from Sukhothai who scored another 4-under-par 68 with a total score of 6-under-par 138. The daily gift card from Leonion (Thailand) Co., Ltd. worth 15,000 baht went to "Proud" Chanetti Wansaen. The 16-year-old, a former national swing player from Chiang Mai who just turned pro for the first time, showed a hot putter with a 7-under-par 65 from 5 birdies at holes 3,8,10,12 and 18, including 1 eagle at the par-5 4th hole without losing a single bogey. 
"Maradona" Fatal heart attack, 60 years old |Diego Maradona The famous footballer died suddenly at the age of 60 from a heart attack. For 3 days, forensic officers were informed that Maradona died of a heart attack. In the latter, Maradona has several health problems. He also had surgery to treat subcortical hemorrhage a few weeks ago. Meanwhile, a group of Argentines in Buenos Aires Ayres gathered outside Maradona's childhood home and prayed to mourn the famous footballer. Argentina's president expressed his condolences over Maradona's sudden death and said authorities would mourn for three days. Maradona's main contribution was helping Argentina win the title. FIFA World Cup in 1986 after beating West Germany in the final.
Athaya won the championship. Muang Thai Insurance Thailand LPGA Masters 2020|Today ( 21 Nov 20 ) Women's Professional Golf Association Muang Thai Insurance Thailand LPGA Masters 2020 Golf Tournament Watermill Golf Club & Resort, Nakhon Nai Province, the final round of the results turned out to be ... The 17-year-old from Ratchaburi finished 6-under with a total score of 16-under to win the Fly me to the Moon trophy with a huge prize fund of 600,000 baht and a daily prize and a 5th title for himself in his first year as a pro. Muang Thai Insurance Thailand LPGA Masters 2020 champion reveals that second place belongs to Pimkwan Chukaew The 16-year-old international amateur golfer from Pathum Thani won the World Star of Junior Golf Tournament in Las Vegas, USA. In 2017 and 2018, he finished at 2-under-par 70 from 3 birdies at holes 4,5,8 and 18, losing 2 bogeys at holes 2 and 9 in three days to win the amateur golf championship with a total score of 11-under-par 205. The 24-year-old from Sukhothai, who won the 2016 Sanya Ladies Open in Taiwan and the 2018 Taiwan LPGA Tour Hitachi Ladies Classic with a 4-under-par 68 from 6 birdies, lost 2 bogeys and scored a total of 10-under-par 206 to claim the second place prize money of 400,000. 000 baht The fourth place belongs to "Proud" Chanetti Wannasaeng, a 16-year-old new pro from Chiang Mai who turned pro for the first time to play professionally, won 300,000 baht from scoring 9-under-par 207.
Super sad! Defender Surin Khong Chi Mun was killed in an accident.|Supasit Prasertsri, a player of Surin Khong Chi Mun FC, a team in Thai League 3, died in an accident today (December 3, 2020). Thai football has sad news again. When Supasit Prasertsri, nicknamed "Team Captain", a player of Surin Khong Chi Mun FC, a team in Thai League 3, died in an accident in the middle of the night on December 2. The 26-year-old was involved in a car accident that crashed into a tree and fell into a canal in the middle of the night. Although eyewitnesses rushed to the rescue and took him to Surin Hospital, he was unable to save his life, initially presumed dead from drowning amid the grief of his teammates and many mourning fans. Meanwhile, Surin Khongchimoon FC mourned the player through the club's Facebook page, saying that he is a role model for a good footballer, he is a gentleman on and off the pitch, he is a good friend and brother to us, we will keep all the memories we have and his number 19 with us forever.
Chiangrai United win the final AFC Champions League|"Coach Te" aims to bring Chiang Rai wins over Beijing Guoan AFC Champions League finals Today (Dec. 3), "Coach Te" Alongkorn Thongam, interim head coach of Chiangrai United, aims to lead the team to victory over Chiangrai United. Beijing Guoan AFC Champions League finals League after Guangxong Great Disaster eliminated from AFC Champions group stage Despite a 2-2 draw with Melbourne Victory in their last game, they are four points behind FC Seoul and Melbourne Victory. Coach Te also spoke about the performance of Yokohama F Marinos' Theerathon Boonmatan as a role model for Thai youth players and wished Theerathon to win the AFC Champions League. 2020 League Group E vs Beijing Guoan Today at 8:00 p.m. PDT
Evander Holyfield challenges Mike Tyson Punch Duel Round 3|Evander Holyfield has a chance to return to the ring. After training with the announcement of the challenge. Mike Tyson Former World Heavyweight Champion Evander Holyfield has returned to the ring in the ring for a third round of rematches. The 58-year-old, after giving an interview to the media, is training in hopes of taking revenge on Mike Tyson for the third time. Mike Tyson's team revealed that they had been in contact with Holyfield in the past but negotiations were not settled. Tyson and Holyfield have met twice before, the first of which came in 1996 when Holyfield won by knockout in the 11th round. He got a chance to fight Holyfield again in 1997 before Tyson It will cause a worldwide scandal. He was fined by the referee for biting Holyfield's ear during a fight in the third round, while former unbeaten fighter Floyd Mayweather Jr. Logan Paul, a popular American YouTuber, is scheduled to take place on February 20, but the location is yet to be determined. before finally getting a response.
Ullier Former Liverpool vs France manager dies|Gerard Houllier The former Liverpool and France manager passed away at the age of 73 today (December 14, 2020). Reporter Gerard Houllier Former Liverpool and France manager dies at age 73 After undergoing heart surgery a few days earlier, Sherar Ullier born 3 September 1947) is a French former footballer and manager. He has worked with clubs as managers with Paris Saint-Germain, Hercellans and Liverpool. He was also the former manager of the France national football team from 1992 to 1993. He managed Liverpool for six years, winning the Triple Cup, League Cup and FA Cup in the 2000-2001 season. Win a championship He won the French Ligue 1 in the 1985-86 season and led Olympique Lyon to two league titles, in 2005-2006 and 2006-2007.
 Giannis Antetokounmpo renewed contract to receive more than 7 billion baht|Today (16 Dec 2020) ESPN reported that the Muwocky Bucks have agreed a contract extension with Giannis Antetokounmpo. The 26-year-old has signed a contract worth U.S. $228 million, or about 7.1 billion baht, breaking the previous record set by Houston Rocket superstar James Harden. The contract was signed in 2017 for a value of 169.9 million U.S. dollars or about 5,300 million baht. He earned US$45.6 million, more than Washington Vizarge's superstar Russell Westbrook earned US$41.4 million. Giannis Antetokounmpo has been a standout performer for the Muwpooly Bucks, winning the two-time Most Valuable Player and Defensive Player of the Year award for NBA basketball. The season is scheduled to open on December 22, which normally starts in October. There is a COVID-19 pandemic. The number of games will be reduced to 72 games from the usual 82 games in order to shorten the duration and finish the season in time for the Olympic Games.
'Ratanon' Playoff Siew Champ Singha SAT Khon Kaen|Today ( 19 Dec 20 ) Professional Golf Association of Thailand "Singha-SAT Khon Kaen Championship 2020" with a total prize fund of 3 million baht It is organized under the measures to prevent the spread of emerging diseases. With the joint support of Singha Corporation Co., Ltd., the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) and the National Sports Development Fund, this event is the eighth and final Order of Merit on the Thailand PGA Tour this season. 54-hole stroke play at Singha Park, Khon Kaen Golf Club, 7,557 yards, par 72, Khon Kaen. The game had to be protracted to the Death Playoffs after Ratanon Wannasrichan. The 25-year-old golfer from Chanthaburi chipped-in eagle from 45 yards down to the par-5 18th hole before finishing the final round with a 3-under-par 69 for a three-day total of 11-under-par 205. The 54-year-old golfer from Hua Hin, who finished the final round with a 2-under-par 70, played on the 580-yard par-5 18th hole, pretended to have to play another round. When both had a chance to putt within the birdie range, but it turned out to be very economical, the light came in, the birdie putt from about 6 feet missed. Ratanon made a 3-foot birdie putt to return to winning ways after winning his last event on the All Thailand Golf Tour at Singha Park Khon Kaen Golf Club. He won his first Thailand PGA Tour title in his life and won the prize money. 360,000 baht"I'm very happy because last year I couldn't do anything, I couldn't hit the iron at all. "I tried to train hard and I felt more like I was on my own, so it made me feel like I was mentally restored and when I came back and won the last match of the season, I felt happy. Today I played without any pressure until the last putt because it was worse than this," the 25-year-old golfer from Chanthaburi continued, "For the final round, the course conditions were quite difficult because of the wind, the greens were difficult. As you can see, the first nine holes are no one can do it. But I rely on chip putts. The sandblast was good, so I made a save, and luckily I got an eagle chip on the last hole. I really just think I'm trying to chip as soft as possible because there's a chance of falling overboard because the greens are pretty firm this year, just focus on the birdie, but I don't think about the eagle stage, so when I go down I think there's a chance of a playoff or a win." The second-place finisher received a consolation prize of 198,000 baht, while Dantai Boonma, who came out strong in the final round with a 6-under-par 66 for a three-day total of 7-under-par 209, finished third with Natipong. Piya Sawangaroonporn, who started the final round as a co-leader, finished the final day with a 3-over-par 75 for a three-day total of 6-under-par 210 to finish fifth alongside Thanyakorn Krongpha, Chakrapan Premsirikorn, Satya Sapaparamai and Pachara Kongrong for the top money-making golfers. In the 2020 Thailand PGA Tour Order of Merit, Panupol Pittayarath won 630,911.90 baht, save Maksaeng 607,216.66 baht, Kanchan Charoenkul 602,900 baht and Ratanon Wannasrichan. Moved up to finish fourth with a total prize pool of 529,261.90 baht.
Athaya wins 3rd Best Thai Women's Golf|"Pro China" Athaya wins 3 major awards at the Women's Professional Golf Association Annual Awards Held the first annual athlete awards ceremony. Under the name of "Thai LPGA Awards 2020 powered by BGC" to gather the results and congratulate the athletes who have competed throughout the year. Won 3 major awards, including the best average scorer, the golfer with the most championships in the first year of the pro turn, and the golfer with the highest prize pool. - Patcharajutha Kongkrapan drives the most in the fairway. - Dusawee Supimbt Best Putt - Kanyalak Preeda Sutthijit hit the best corrective ball back to par - Patcharajuta Kongkrapan
Krishna-Nuansomorn Singha Downhill Thailand Championship|Today (December 21, 2020), the Extreme Sports Association of Thailand in collaboration with Singha Corporation Co., Ltd. and Chaiyaphum Tourism and Sports Office. Organized "Singha Downhill Thailand Championship 2020" extreme sports competition at Pha Hua Nak, Muang district. The opening ceremony was presided over by Mr. Kobchai Boonorna, Governor of Chaiyaphum Province. Mrs. Natchuda Nanpani, Director of Chaiyaphum Tourism and Sports Office and Thai Extreme Athlete Crowded attendance Under measures to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus. STRICTLY FOR THE RESULTS IN THE MEN'S DOWNHILL CATEGORY, IT TURNED OUT THAT THE CHAMPION BELONGED TO "PETE" KRISHNA PRASERTPAN (URETHANE) WITH A TIME OF 2.28.308 MINUTES. 2ND PLACE "SONG" TWILIGHT DANGME (URETHANE) TIME 2.32.104 MINUTES. 3RD PLACE "MAC" Nattapol Chanphimai (Nakhon Ratchasima/KOJAH Downhill SK8) Time 2.34.103 mins 4th place "Ju" Sirawit Wongwiset (Phetchabun/Sleepwalking Longboard) time 2.37.236 mins 5th place "Shadow Jai" Attakorn Boontawee (Nakhon Ratchasima/KOJAH Downhill SK8) Time 2.37.623 min. Downhill type The women's championship belongs to "Nan" Nuansomorn. Pim Seok (Saraburi) clocked 2.47.400 minutes. 2nd place "Maprang" Navapan Anginsombat (URETHANE) time 2.56.413 minutes. 3rd place Rinraya Kanlaya (Pathum Thani/SlideAway) Time 2.57.179 minutes and 4th place "Chick Sae" Nongluck Chairitthichai (Bangkok/Zazu SK8) Time 2.57.564 minutes.
Thailand's famous pros join Chamnong Foundation's charity swing Earn money to build school buildings|Today ( 22 Dec 20 ) Thailand's Top 10 Promotions Join "CBF Golf Charity 2020" Charity Golf Tournament Organized for 2nd Consecutive Year by Chamnong Foundation Pirom Phakdi at Thai Country Club, Bangpakong Chachoengsao province to raise money to support the foundation. In the construction of school buildings in the wilderness, as well as various charitable activities. Chairman of Chamnong Foundation Phiromphakdi presided over the opening ceremony of the competition with the honor of Mr. Santi Phiromphakdi Chairman of the Executive Committee, Boon Rawd Brewery Company Limited and Pro Boonchu Ruangkit There were 10 leading golf pros in Thailand. Join the rounds with the guests of honor this time, which include "Prosign" Throm Maksaeng, "Promoddang" Thammanun Sriroj, Proprom Meesawat, "Pro Fluke" Ratanon Wannasrichan, "Pro Coconut". Panupol Pittayarat, Ratchapol Chandwara, Saman Limpasut, Jiranan Yoopan, Pannarat Thanapolboonrasami and Manasaya Seamaculty for organizing this charity golf tournament. Chamnong Phiromphakdi Foundation is a foundation established in 2016 under the concept of wanting to see everyone in society have a better quality of life and well-being. We believe that everyone has the right to create their own life. The Company has supported various charitable activities in various aspects, including public health, including donations to build and develop medical facilities. Funding for the development of healthcare professionals Education focuses on promoting opportunities for individuals, improving their lives and families, and supporting people with disabilities to live equally in society.
Alex Morgan has decided to leave the Spurs to return to U.S. football.|Today ( 22 Dec 20 ) Alex Morgan, a 31-year-old two-time world champion, has announced her retirement from Spurs in the Women's Super League. Last Sunday, Morgan joined Spurs in September. Morgan has scored two goals in five games, Morgan will return to Orlando Price in the US National Soccer League, which returns to pre-season in March, while England's Women's Super League will return to the second leg in early January.  
The Premier League has seen the highest number of Covid cases this season.|The Premier League has announced the results of tests on players and club officials over the past week. As many as 18 people were infected today (Dec 30), the Premier League reported the most cases of Covid-19 in a week. The situation of the COVID-19 pandemic in England remains worrisome, the Premier League has revealed from COVID-19 testing. A total of 1479 samples were collected between December 21 and 27 and 18 people were infected with COVID-19. As a result, the Premier League match between Everton and Man City has been postponed. Southampton head coach Ralph Hasenhüttle has been linked with a move to Southampton. Had to miss out on the sidelines. Southampton drew 0-0 with West Ham last night because a family member tested positive for Covid-19. Hasenhüttle has been forced to isolate as part of the 18 infections, the most infections this season, with the Premier League seeing the highest number of infections in November at 16, and according to Premier League rules, players or coaching staff infected with COVID-19 are required to isolate for 10 days.
Tennis Indians Wales feared Covid postponement of month Mar.|ATP The PNB Paribas Open tennis tournament in Indian Wells has been postponed today (Dec 30) The major tennis tournament PNB Paribas Open in the Indian Wells in the United States has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. latest ATP The tournament was postponed due to concerns about the global spread of COVID-19 and the PNB Paribas Open was originally scheduled for March. The PNB Paribas Open, the biggest tennis tournament of the year, dubbed the fifth Grand Slam, had to be cancelled due to COVID-19. Last March.
Solskjaer is still hopeless of winning the Premier League despite being second in the table.|Manchester United scored an injury-time goal to beat Wolverhampton 1-0 to move up to the top of the league today (December 30) in the Premier League at Old Trafford. Man Utd Home vs Wolverhampton This game Man Utd got Marcus Rashford to ricochet past Wolverhampton's players and the ball diverted into the first post in injury time to give him the winning goal. Manchester United beat Wolverhampton 1-0 after the game Ole Gunnar Solskjaer says he is not thinking about winning the title because the competition is less than half a season away and he only wants to concentrate on the next game.
 "Prawit" warns athletes and personnel to be aware of COVID-19|"Gen. Prawit" meeting of the Sports Commission ordered to drive continuously Improve structure, increase administrative efficiency, support sports association budget, accelerate training, prepare for international competitions, but be aware of COVID-19 today (30 December 2020). Reporters reported that Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister presided over the meeting. Sports Commission of Thailand (SAT) No. 13/2020 with Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakan The Minister of Tourism and Sports attended the meeting at Meeting Room 301, Command Building 1, Government House, where the meeting acknowledged the performance and progress of the Sports Authority of Thailand and approved important matters, namely the revision of the draft structure of the Sports Authority of Thailand B.E. ... and the framework for the capacity of the Sports Authority of Thailand. To increase management efficiency and align with the implementation of government policies and strategies, comprising 1.20-year National Strategy (2018-2037), 2.Sports Authority of Thailand Strategy, 3.Thailand 4.0, 4.Big Data and 5.Data transformation. Sports Commission of Thailand The Company has a policy to promote management to create added economic value and approve the allocation of subsidies to the Sports Association of Thailand. The Provincial Sports Association and the Provincial Sports Committee for the fiscal year 2021 to carry out management, athlete development, personnel development and competition management, etc. The SAT shall accelerate the development of sports in accordance with the plan and strictly in accordance with the law. Budget management to set up a committee Supervise and monitor to ensure transparency, accountability and efficiency. Sports associations must accelerate the training of athletes to be ready. For international competitions, using sports science to help develop athletes' potential seriously. For packing individuals, it must be given those who have real knowledge and ability. Gen. Prawit emphasized that the SAT manages the provincial stadium to be worthwhile as well. He also expressed concern for all athletes and sports personnel by asking them to take precautions against the spread of COVID-19 during training.  
"Zico" Hong Anh debuted in the Vietnam league.|"Zico" made his debut in charge of Hong Anh in the first match with a draw. Kiattisak Senamuang, former head coach of the Thai national football team, is preparing to play the second match on Tuesday. Debut as manager of Hong Anh Ya Lai in the Vietnamese league for the first time, played a special warm-up football match. Meet Team Nam Dinh The match ended in a 1-1 draw, with Nam Dinh taking the lead in the 16th minute before Nguyen Van Tuan equalised in the 24th minute by Hong Anh. Yalai will play another warm-up match against Khan Hua on the evening of January 5, highlighting the https://youtu.be/6lYShL2EFSA for "Zico", who has just completed quarantine and has travelled to make his debut as Hong Anh's new coach. Ya Lai On Saturday, drawing a lot of attention from fans and local media, Zico answered a 30-minute media question with the main goal of getting the club back to winning the league and securing a ticket to the AFC Champions League. And after the interview, "Zico" brought the team to training for the first time immediately after the atmosphere of the https://youtu.be/2hhQEy5f1TI launch.
Billiards snooker snooker first tournament Confirm not to cancel the competition.|Today (5 Jan 2021) Mr. Sunthon Charumon President of the Billiards Association of Thailand Revealed that after the end of the snooker, billiards and pool season that the association held in 2020, the billiards association has finished the program for this season. The tournament program will run throughout the year 2021, whether it is the Thailand Racing Circuit or the 7 Thai professional leagues in 7 provinces, as well as the 6-dang snooker championship of Thailand and the 6-dang snooker world championship, which are major tournaments endorsed by the World Professional Snooker Association and included in the world professional program. The Billiards Association of Thailand has confirmed to the World Snooker Association that this year will definitely happen. During September 2021 In addition, various competitions at the youth level. Youth, including the Thailand Women's Snooker Championship, Billiards and 9-Ball Pool, will continue to play the same tournament. If there are no serious incidents, but the Thailand Snooker Tournament The first qualifying tournament at TBC Snooker Center Soi Ramkhamhaeng 89/1 will take place on January 5. It's going to have to be postponed. Because of the situation of transmission of the COVID-19 virus. The new wave, which must be moved to the 6th qualifying round before the last competition, is the Final of Thailand because postponing it to the end of the competition program will not lose the 2nd qualifying round that will be played at the end of January 2021. We have to wait from Bangkok. Again, Mr. Sunthorn also confirmed that even this year, The COVID-19 pandemic will cause economic recession, so support from the private sector is not like last year, which may affect the operation of the association considerably. I assure you, everything planned will move forward.
Thai League rushes to conclude Thai League 3 clubs after resolution to cut  |Today ( 5 Jan 21 ) According to the meeting of Thai League member clubs via video conference, it was resolved that Thai League 1 and Thai League 2 postpone all fixtures in January until the COVID-19 situation Interestingly, the Thai League 3 resolved to end the competition around the 6 zones and enter the Champions League because if the situation is prolonged, it will affect the costs that the club has to bear. However, The conclusion of the rankings Go to the Champions League round to find 3 teams, promoted to Thai League 2 and the final place affecting the sponsorship is still inconclusive. When there are many clubs that have lost the benefit of this competition, many teams such as Phitsanulok FC in the northern zone are points behind. Maejo United 2nd place And Phitsanulok still has less than 1 match, the other zone is the East Zone at 3rd place. Bankhai United, who believe that their team still has a chance to win the remaining matches, including Bangkok Metropolitan Zone at 2nd place, Nonthaburi United and Bangkok FC 3rd place with the same points. These clubs have proposed guidelines such as counting the table standings only at the end of the first leg, or bringing the winning teams to a play-off at a neutral venue, counting the average of the points, or even giving a draw. The other 3 Today, the Thai League will hold a separate meeting to find a solution to this issue, starting with the northern zone. It's the first zone where an event like this has ever happened before. Last year, that did not solve the problem of the COVID-19 pandemic. Until the French Football Federation announced the end of the competition and used the method of calculating the average points per game by dividing the number of points obtained by the number played. With the highest score per game average of 2.52, the champion was crowned.
Chon shark Jaycee John Strengthens Asian Quota Add an offensive dimension|Today ( 6 Jan 21 ) Chonburi FC Jaycee John, Bahrain international striker of Nigerian descent from Khon Kaen United, officially joined the army in the 2nd leg and wore the number 22 shirt. Jaycee John said: "Jaycee John is one of our new players who has signed for the second leg of the Asian quota. Of course, he is a player who has worked with the "short coach" and has found the sublime in the past, which should make it easier to adapt to training, style of play and tactics." He has already reported to train with his teammates and will be the last foreign player of Chonburi FC in the 2nd leg, I would like to ask all "Shark Chon" fans to support Jaycee John and our Chonburi FC team." Thai League football will be postponed for another month to avoid the spread of the virus. But we continue to train and prepare the team to be as ready as possible. For the rest of this season's fixtures. At the same time, leave it to me. See you soon." Jaycee John, 35, played in the first leg of the Thai League 2 first leg, making 13 appearances for Khon Kaen United, scoring 2 goals.
mohammed aamir Joined Khon Kaen United for the 2nd leg of the Thai League 2. |Today ( 6 Jan 21 ) "Big Tom" Wattana Changlao President of Khon Kaen United Closing the deal to sign a loan deal "Tong" Narongrit Boonsuk from Sukhothai FC joined the team and will wear the number 34 for the Jong Kang Pyong army as the 4th addition to the second leg. The first three are Alongkorn Charnathong (midfielder) and Badar Ali (forward), Aung Kong Munn (forward) and giant defender "Tong" Narongrit Boonsuk. The 28-year-old 189cm owner started his career at the age of 19 with Pattaya United's youth team. After that, he played at the Thai League level with Sisaket FC and moved to find a new challenge with PTT Club. Rayong and Sukhothai In the first leg, he played for Sukhothai FC, who was considered a key player for Sukhothai FC, having made 12 appearances in the Thai League 1 this season and 1 FA Cup. Qualifiers in Laos led by Mano. Polking by "Big Tom" Wattana Changlao Club President says:  
Preparing to set up "Sports University" as a field hospital to stop COVID-19|Today ( 7 Jan 21 ) Mr. PARIWAT WANNAKLANG President of the National Sports University National Sports University and Sports Schools Nationwide Revealed that in the situation In this regard, the National Sports University and sports schools nationwide are pleased to open the area of 31 institutes, comprising 18 national sports universities including Chiang Mai, Phetchabun, Lampang, Sukhothai, Chaiyaphum, Mahasarakham, Sisaket, Udon Thani, Chonburi, Samut Sakhon, Suphan Buri, Ang Thong, Krabi, Chumphon, Trang, Yala, Central National Sports University in Chonburi and National Sport University Bangkok Campus, as well as 13 sports schools including Chiang Mai, Nakhon Sawan, Lampang, Khon Kaen, Sisaket, Ubon Ratchathani, Chonburi, Nakhon Nayok, Suphan Buri, Ang Thong, Trang, Nakhon Si Thammarat, and Yala as field hospitals to quarantine for patients with mild COVID-19. The aim is to help each other in the beginning. President The National Sports University confirmed that it is the consensus of the executives from the National Sports University and sports schools across the country to aim to ease the burden of the government free of charge, but it depends on the request of the provincial governor whether they want it or not and what measures are taken. Liaise with the provincial governor to find the best solution because the National Sports University sees it as the duty of the nation to help the nation unconditionally. If requested by the province, the National Sports University will be ready to take immediate action and may use gymnasiums or outdoor courts as quarantine facilities, but must also look at the availability of facilities for each of the 18 National Sports Universities and 13 sports schools nationwide. Preliminary will be quarantine for patients with initial symptoms. Patients with severe symptoms must be sent to the hospital for treatment immediately.
Thai LPGA Tour to open 2021 season|Today ( 7 Jan 21 ) Women's Professional Golf Association Now in its 13th year, the Thai LPGA Tour 2021 season is set to kick off with 10 tournaments and activities to enhance skills and develop the potential of players on the tour. Emphasis on player safety on tour amid COVID-19 situation Tanwilai "In 2020, all activities of the Women's Professional Golf Association were successfully completed in terms of competitions, including challenges, championships and masters, as well as activities that the association has done to strengthen the skills of its members on the tour. "In 2021, the association has revised the format of the tour and the tournament to develop from the previous year, with the association scheduling 10 tournaments, including 8 championships, 1 new matchplay tournament, and the season-ending tournament at the Masters, which will run from February to September 2021. In addition, there are activities to enhance skills and develop the potential of players on the tour, such as theoretical training for new players on the tour, training on Mental-Psychical, training on using launch monitors, fitting equipment, movement training in golf swing. All in all. Competitions and activities are subject to change depending on the epidemic situation. COVID-19 and consideration from relevant agencies The association will hold another official press conference when the situation is resolved and the competition can be held." President of Women's Professional Golf Association Regarding the situation of the COVID-19 pandemic At present The president of the Women's Professional Golf Association said, "Regarding the measures related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the association has been organizing the tournament since last year. Establish measures that are consistent with all parties involved. Establish preventive measures before, during and after the competition with relevant agencies at all times. Whether it's the Sports Authority of Thailand The association is closely monitoring the situation of the COVID-19 pandemic, so we are confident that if the competition can be carried out, depending on the situation and risk assessment, we will be ready to deal with the situation this year, but may require stricter measures. Because the situation this year is much more severe than last year."
Thai League - Association of Coordinators Clubs - AFC ACL 2021 Rank 3-4 confirmed|Today ( 8 Jan 21 ) Thai League Co., Ltd. and the Football Association of Thailand coordinated with the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) and held discussions with Singha Chiangrai United and Ratchaburi Club. Mitr Phol FC to submit the name as a team representing Thailand. As the 3rd and 4th placed teams respectively, based on the standings in the first leg as of 22 December 2020, after Singha Chiangrai United. Due to the resumption of the COVID-19 pandemic, both clubs and the AFC agreed on a special solution due to the new wave of COVID-19 to reduce the risk of the outbreak and strictly comply with government orders. At the meeting, Thai League 1 and 2 clubs resolved to postpone the fixtures of "Toyota Thai League", "M-150 Championship" and "Chang FA Cup" from January 5 to January 31, 2021. As a result, the 3rd and 4th place clubs could not be confirmed to the Asian Football Confederation as originally scheduled, so the Thai League coordinated with the Football Association of Thailand to seek the AFC's opinion on the issue. Both clubs agreed to use the standings as of 22 December 2020 as the standings before the start of the second leg. To confirm the clubs representing Thailand in the 3rd and 4th ranks in the AFC Champions League. League season 2021, due to the confederation. It is necessary to confirm the representative and club order of each country. Prior to the group stage draw which will be held on January 27, 2021, it is also unclear from the current pandemic situation when the remaining matches will be played, so according to the points table as of that date, Singha Chiangrai United, who have 26 points from 14 matches and have lost +9, will have the right to represent Thailand in the 3rd place. FC, who have 26 points from 15 matches and have lost +4, will qualify to represent Thailand in the fourth tier.
Athlete found infected with COVID at Thailand Open|World Badminton Federation The World Badminton Federation (BWF) has confirmed that four athletes have tested positive for COVID-19, all of whom are living in bubbles for the Yonex Thailand Open. Badminton player Two cases of India, one case of Germany and one case of Egypt were all immediately retested. Before the results confirm that there is. Athletes from India have tested positive. The rest tested negative. BREAKING Four players tested positive for COVID-19 today. Upon retesting the same specimens, three players from India, Germany &; Egypt were found to be negative. One more Indian player remains positive. Read more #HSBCbadminton #BWFWorldTourhttps://t.co/6qepgEAxDg Although the athlete's name has not been revealed, it is speculated that it could be Saina. Nehwal The Indian athlete is a former world No.1 in women's singles as she posted on Twitter that while warming up before the match, she would not be able to compete in the women's singles. She was immediately taken to the hospital by the organizers because of the results of Monday's test. I still didn't receive the covid test report from yesterday it's very confusing and today just before the warm up for the match they tell me to got to hospital in bangkok ... saying that I m positive ..according to rules the report should come in 5 hours. @bwfmedia https://t.co/ETkWiNVHnP According to reports, Nehwal will be required to quarantine for at least 10 days, while athletes and coaches from India will be required to undergo retesting today as recommended by the Ministry of Public Health. As long as the test result is negative.
Doctors insist Nehwal's COVID-19 results are just a remnant.|The organizers of the tournament announced the progress of the detection of infected athletes. Badminton Thailand Open Saina Nehwal will return to action after testing positive for the virus after four athletes were found infected during the Yonex Thailand Open. On Tuesday, they were joined by two athletes from India, Jones Ralphie Jansen from Germany and Adham Hatem. El Kamal from Egypt, all of whom have tested repeatedly and have tested negative, except for Nehwal. The tournament organizers announced the detailed results of the four badminton players, who concluded that the Covid found in Nehwal, Pranoy and Jansen was just a remnant of the virus. All of them were able to return to action except for El Gamal. The athlete must immediately quarantine in hospital for at least 10 days, while athletes from Egypt who are at high risk of infection will have to undergo daily testing. President, Infectious Diseases Society of Thailand A representative of the Department of Disease Control, which oversees the COVID-19 situation within the bubble, clarified that nasal secretion testing may sometimes have slight discrepancies. From 4-7 days to every 3 days to reduce the risk of transmission while Madam Padma Leesawattrakul President of Badminton Association of Thailand Confirming that the test did not affect the competition as the situation had been planned in advance. Meanwhile, Sainah Newal, who was previously declared a loser, will return to action. On Wednesday, January 13, they will face Malaysia's Gizona Selvaduray, who will face Busanan Ngbumrungphan in the next round. BREAKING @NSaina @PRANNOYHSPRI and Jones Ralfy Jansen have been cleared to resume their place in the YONEX Thailand Open. They tested positive on the PCR test but their antibody IgG was positive. Read more #HSBCbadminton #BWFWorldTourhttps://t.co/Rc8rt3uWLR 
2 Thai couples qualified for Thailand Open final|"Bas-Popo" and "Gift-View" qualified for the Yonex Thailand Open badminton final today (Jan 16). In the mixed doubles, "Bas" Dechapol Puavaranukroh and "Popo" Sapsiree Taerattanachai (1) of the tournament came back to beat Chae Yoo-jung and Seo Sung-jae of South Korea 2-1, 17-21, 21-17 and 22-20."Bas" and "Popo" advanced to the final against Praveen Jordan and Melati Deva Ottavianti of Indonesia 2, while in the women's doubles semi-finals "Gift" Jongkolpan Kititharakul and "View" Ravinda Prajongjai of the world 11. Kim So-young and Kong Hee-yong of South Korea, the world No.6, saw the Thai pair win 2-1 with scores of 21-17, 17-21 and 22-20, giving Gift and View a place in the final to face Indonesia's Graysia Poly and Apriyani Rahayu tomorrow.
Tennis player quarantined after 2 infected people found on flight to Australia|Many of the world's top tennis players have been required to quarantine for 14 days after testing positive for COVID-19. On a monthly flight to the first Grand Slam tennis tournament of the year today (Jan. 16), a charter plane from Los Angeles in the United States arrived in Melbourne, Australia. Tennis players travel to the first Grand Slam tennis tournament of the year. Australian Open COVID-19 cases found Two of the in-flight players, who were not tennis players, were transported to a hotel where they were quarantined, according to news reports. Former Australian Open champion in 2012 and 2013, Sloan Stephen of the United States and Kei Nishigori of Japan will have less time to prepare than other tennis players as they will not be able to enter the training facility and will have to quarantine for 14 days. Andy Murray recently tested positive for COVID-19. Before you travel to Australia As a result, he is not certain that he will be able to play in this tournament for the Australian Open. The tournament was postponed from January each year to February 8, when 1,200 tennis players, officials and associates from 15 flights traveled to the tournament. 
Ping Tao Win The Masters Snooker Championship 2020|Yan Pingtao John Higgins beat John Higgins 10-8 to win the Masters Snooker Championship 2020 today (Jan 18). Final System 10 in 19 framesJohn Higgins vs Jan Pingtao Rising star from China, it appears that Ping Tao He went from 5-7 down to win 10-8 frames to win his first title. He also holds the record for being the second Chinese snooker player to win the title. Masters He succeeded Ding Junhui in 2011. He is also the 2nd youngest snooker player after Ronnie O'Sullivan won the championship. Masters In 1995
Bas-Popo wins first 1,000 World Tour titles|Dechapol Puavaranukroh and Sapsiree Taerattanachai succeeded. Yonex Thailand Open, the first World Tour 1,000 final, made its debut with mixed doubles "Bas" Dechapol Puavaranukroh and "Popo" Sapsiree Taerattanachai in the first round of the tournament against Praveen Jordan and Melati Octaveati, the former rivals from Indonesia, the No. 2 seed of the tournament. All England Battle Last March, before badminton took a long break due to the pandemic. COVID-19 started the first game as the Indonesian side often played wrong form and the Thai pair easily won 21-3. The two sides fought back to a 17-17 tie before "Bass and Popo" rallied late to win the game 2-1 with scores of 21-3, 20-22 and 21-18 to win the World Tour 1,000 level for the first time in their lives and receive a prize fund of 74,000 U.S. dollars or more than 2 million 200,000 baht. Top seeds and home favourites Puavaranukroh/Taerattanachai rival Indonesia's Jordan/Oktavianti for the title #HSBCbadminton #BWFWorldTour #YonexThailandOpen pic.twitter.com/SkW8hFTJpc 
Thai tight control, bad Toyota, everyone still in the bubble. |Today (19 Jan 2021) Lady Padma Lee, good evening. Member of the International Olympic Committee Vice President of the World Badminton Federation and President of the Badminton Association of Thailand It was revealed that January 18 is the 14th anniversary of quarantine in the bubble according to the official quarantine measures of the Department of Disease Control. To ensure the health and safety of everyone in the bubble, the bubble is still prohibited from going outside the bubble and no outsiders are allowed inside. Keep your distance and wash your hands from now on. Life in the bubble will be something lenient. Every decision will be based on the highest safety of everyone in the bubble and strictly controlled to ensure that the bubble is free from COVID-19. On January 18, the fifth COVID-19 test was administered, with scheduled tests scheduled for January 4, 7, 11, 15, 18, 22, 26, and 30. The athletes were happy and fun to compete on the field again. Athletes are friends. When we met face-to-face, we were ecstatic. The performance of Thai athletes is considered satisfactory, especially the Super 1000 level, which is the highest level. Mixed doubles "Bas" Dechapol Puavaranukroh and "Popo" Sapsiree Taerattanachai won the championship. In the women's doubles, "Gift" Jongkolpan Kititharakul and "View" Ravinda Prajongjai were runners-up, which was their first final in the women's singles Super 1000 level. Thai athletes have entered the final 8 up to 3 players for "Kan" Kantaphon Wangcharoen. Men's singles also has a tighter style of play. Despite being defeated by Victor Aselsen from Denmark, who won the first title, but fought back with a lot of fun." The second tournament of the Toyota Thailand Open Super 1000 is out and it is very heavy for everyone. Achieving deep qualification must be due to the utmost effort in all dimensions of the athlete himself. Athletes who have reached the inaugural Yonex Thailand Open will have only 1 or 2 days to rest before playing on January 19 and partly on January 20. We ask all Thais to join together to send energy and energy. Cheer for Thai athletes in this competition as well.
Indian baddies withdraw after COVID-19 test|sai aamir India's men's singles badminton player withdraws from Toyota Thailand Open After finding COVID in the body from the last test. While my fellow athletes are roommates, The World Badminton Federation (BWF) had to withdraw as a precautionary measure despite the recent negative test result. COVID-19 Testing Progress Report The fifth round of athletes and officials in Bubble Quarantine who traveled to 3 major badminton tournaments held in Thailand, where 1 positive person was recently tested, Sai Praneet. The world No.13 men's singles badminton player from India withdrew from the Toyota Thailand Open, scheduled to play in the first round against Darren Liu of Malaysia on Wednesday (January 20), and was immediately hospitalized for at least 10 #ToyotaThailandOpen https://t.co/JZt56ufOqQ#COVID19 days. Another Indian athlete who lives in the same hotel room as Sai Praneet. Even the last test came back negative. However, they had to withdraw from the competition as well in accordance with the precautionary measures put in place by the competition management because they were at high risk of infection. He just won the game. Sittikhom Thammasin Thailand's athletes went to the first round of competition. On Tuesday (January 19), Kidambi Srikan BWF and the Badminton Association of Thailand The Indian athletes and coaching staff will be kept under strict scrutiny as they are at high risk of infection, and will continue to undergo testing to ensure that other Indian athletes do not believe in COVID-19 before competing in all rounds. India's most prominent female athlete, who had withdrawn from competition earlier but was allowed to compete again. After the medical team proved that the infection detected in the body was the remains of the infection from a sick person last December.
Thai mixed doubles has qualified for 2 consecutive competitions.|Dechapol Puavaranukroh and Sapsiree Taerattanachai beat the Indian pair to reach the badminton final for the second consecutive time today (Jan 23) in the badminton "Toyota Thailand Open" semi-finals. Mixed doubles: Dechapol Puavaranukroh and Sapsiree Taerattanachai, world No. 3 defeat World No.36 Savi Sirat Ranki Reddy and Ashwini Ponappa of India won 2-1 games 22-20, 18-21 and 21-12 to advance Bas and Popo to the final for the second consecutive time. After winning the Yonek Thailand Open last week, Thailand's mixed doubles pair will face No. 4 seed So Jae-sung and Chae Yoo-jung of South Korea, while No. 5 Carolina Marin of Spain, who beat No. 7 Ahn Se-young of South Korea 2-0, 21-19, 21-15 in women's singles. Rachnok Inthanon, No. 4 of the tournament, meets Tai Shiying, No. 1 of the world from Taiwan. This couple met 27 times. Better than 14 wins in this game. Had 4 chances to win the point, but failed to close the game. In the final, Tai Shiying came back to win 12-21, 21-12 and 23-21 in the final. Tai Shiying will face No. 5 Carolina Marin of Spain, who beat No. 7 Ahn Se-young of South Korea 2-0 21-19 and 21-15.  
World Health Organization Covid vaccines revealed may not be enough for Olympics|The World Health Organization (WHO) has acknowledged that COVID-19 vaccines may not be enough for participants at the Olympic Games in Japan today (January 26, 2021). The World Health Organization (WHO) has announced that the decision to hold the Olympic Games in July will be unsuccessful. The final decision is up to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to be made in conjunction with the Japanese government, said Mike Ryan, WHO's executive director. He also spoke about the issue of COVID-19 vaccination for athletes and officials who will participate in the Tokyo Games, acknowledging that at this time vaccines are not enough to serve high-risk people such as COVID-19. The elderly and healthcare workers around the world who need to have access to vaccines are first. Mike Ryan confirmed that the World Health Organization will work with the IOC and Japanese authorities to propose risk management during the COVID-19 crisis. next
14-day quarantine due for Australian Open tennis player|Director of the first Grand Slam tennis tournament of the year Tennis player out of quarantine tonight There are nine days to train ahead of the Australian Open today (Jan 30). Director of Grand Slam Tennis Tournaments Australian Open The tennis player, who travelled to Melbourne's first Grand Slam tennis tournament of the year, is due to undergo a 14-day quarantine tonight. Accept that this year's competition is not perfect and that it is held as fairly as possible. Everyone still has nine days after the quarantine period expires to train before the tournament begins. A total of 72 tennis players who were at risk because they travelled with COVID-19 positive have been quarantined without being able to practice. The rest of the tennis players were allowed to practice during the 14-day quarantine period for five hours a day for the Australian Open Grand Slam. Tennis fans will be allowed to attend games in the stadium at 30,000 people per day starting February 8.
Thai Takasago Signing for LPGA 3rd Year|Today ( 28 Jan 21 ) Thai Takasago Co., Ltd. signed a contract to support "Pro Ring" Pronong Ultrasonic Diamonds Top female golfers from Chaiyaphum to compete in the women's professional golf tournament. LPGA Tour 2021 The signing of this contract was Mr. Takahisa Muraki. Managing Director of Thai Takasago Co., Ltd. and Prowaen-Pronong Petchlum Thailand's top swing girl who travels with Provao Pornpong Ultrasonic Diamonds He is the Managing Director of All Management Group Co., Ltd., which continues to support Pro Ring for the third consecutive year and celebrates its 37th anniversary in Thailand. Mr. Takeshisa said, "Thai Takasago continues to develop. In addition to the Company's important mission to help reduce global warming. For the environment from the development of air conditioning system engineering by promoting the development of sports. Petchlum is one of the young Thai golfers competing on the LPGA Tour. "It is also celebrating the company's 37th year of business operations in Thailand, which guarantees the quality of work under the Japanese standard and wants to be a part of pushing Pro Ring to the world golf stage as well." I am happy to remain part of the Thai Takasago family and promise to try to do well this season." Now there's time to take a break from COVID-19. It gives me the opportunity to discover and solve problems in my own work, which is a good thing and I am very eager to come back and compete. It is expected to travel to the United States in the middle of the month. In February, to compete in the Tour and expect to stay in America for a long time, he promised to do his best for Thai golf fans and ask for encouragement from Thai golf fans to cheer for him. Ring and other Thai golfers as well."
"Gift-View" loses the deciding game to the World Tour Finals | World No. 11 "Gift" Jongkolpan Kititharakul and "View" Ravinda Prajongjai lost to Kim So-young and Kong Hee-young of World No. 6 from South Korea to miss out on the 2020 World Tour Finals today (Jan 30). Kim So-young and Kong Hee-young, the world No.6 from South Korea, fought each other for three games before the South Korean pair won 2-1 21-11, 12-21 and 21-16. Thailand's women's doubles were unfortunately eliminated in the semi-finals.
Dechapol-Sapsiree won 3 titles in a row.|Dechapol and Sapsiree Done Beat arch-rivals South Korea to win the World Tour Finals and their third consecutive title in three weeks at the Badminton World Tour Finals. World No. 6 Dechapol Puavaranukroh and Sapsiree Taerattanachai of Thailand will compete in mixed doubles against South Korea's Seo Sung-jae and Chae Yoo Jung, the world No. 6. The last time we met, The Thai pair recently lost the match. In the first game, the Thai pair started better, leading 16-9, but then the Korean pair accelerated to tie the match to 18-18, but Dechapol and Sapsiree came back to their best form at the end to collect 3 points in a row to win 21-18 going into 21 the second game. Dechapol and Sapsiree Solved the game very well. Dechapol and Sapsiree became the first Thai badminton players to win the World Tour Finals and the third title in three weeks after winning the Yonex Thailand Open and Toyota Thailand Open.21 
Japan's Olympic president doesn't quit after making negative remarks about women |Chairman of the Japan Olympic Organizing Committee Apologizes for making negative comments about women, but insists on not resigning today (Feb. 4). Asahi, Japan News reports that Mr. Yoshiro Mori The chairman of Japan's 2020 Olympic organizing committee has expressed negative comments on women, saying committee meetings attended by women often take too long because women talk too much and are annoying. Especially on social media, the hashtag "Mori resigned" became a trend on Twitter in Japan today. Mr. Yoshiro Mori The 83-year-old has apologised for his comments. He admitted that it was an inappropriate comment against the spirit of the Olympic Games, and he deeply regretted it, retracting his remarks and apologizing to everyone. Mori TOKYO (Reuters) – Japanese nationals in Tokyo are unhappy with Mori's comments and have had a more negative impact on hosting the Olympics, a poll said in a poll that found 80 percent of Japanese opposed hosting the Olympics in July. There are a total of 25 people, consisting of only 5 women. 
Concentrated did not qualify for the PGA Tour.|INTENSE LIMPASUT SCORED A 2-UNDER-PAR 70 TO FAIL TO QUALIFY FOR THE PGA TOUR WASTE MANAGEMENT MONDAY QUALIFYING. INTENSITY WILL BEGIN ITS FIRST MINI TOUR EVENT IN PARD' NER SHOOTOUT AT GCU GOLF CLUB IN PHOENIX, ARIZONA, ON FEBRUARY 2-3 AS A WARM-UP BEFORE KORN FERRY TOUR 2021 KICKS OFF IN MID-FEBRUARY.
Women's soccer player opens café for future|Inorn Tea varieties Thailand women's national football team Turn around the crisis during COVID-19 by opening coffee shops Earn extra income and support the future after retiring from football due to the COVID-19 pandemic that has affected the Thai football industry at large, especially women's football, where international competitions have been canceled entirely. Meanwhile, the women's league, which had only been open for two months, was postponed further due to the new Covid situation, forcing many female footballers to find other ways of earning money to support themselves and their families. Inorn Tea varieties Thailand women's national football team The 29-year-old member of Chonburi Sports Association, which has played in two World Cup finals, decided to open a coffee shop under the name Heart Rate alongside a nail salon with a close friend in the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce Prachasongkroh27 as an additional income and support for an uncertain future. Going to the World Cup again. Women's Football League The Thai Women's League will resume in the second leg this week, with Inorn missing Chonburi's trip to MH Nakhon Si on Saturday but will return to help the team in the big match against BG Pandit Asia on February 22.
"Coach Shea" Give up South Korean citizenship, ask to be a Thai citizen to take Taekwondo to the Olympic gold|"Coach Shea" After nearly 20 years of contributing to the greatness of Thai taekwondo, he is behind the national team kicker who has won gold in every competition in the world today (February 4, 2021). After nearly 20 years of contributing to the greatness of Thai taekwondo, he has been behind the national team and has won gold in every competition in the world since 2002. Taekwondo president says he's glad Coach Che "Coach Che" gave up his South Korean citizenship and hoped to become a Thai citizen to lead Thai taekwondo players to win the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Japan. The association will take urgent action first. Olympic Games in Tokyo will take place. From the past "Coach Chae" Chae Yong Suk, the head coach of the Thai national taekwondo team. He has been in the news for more than 10 years and has received support from the National Taekwondo Association and the Thai authorities are ready to push for it. Once naturalized as a Thai citizen, the same applies to recent South Korean law. Asst.Prof.Dr.Pimon Srivikorn President of the Taekwondo Association of Thailand "We have been talking for a long time about Coach Che's application for Thai citizenship. Previously, there was a problem of the government since the number of years was not enough. When I pretended to be able to ask, "Coach Che" was not ready because he was worried about his grandmother. I had to go back and forth between Thailand and South Korea to take care of my grandmother, and recently "Coach Che" contacted me and said, "I have decided, I want to be Thai. I had to consult a lawyer to submit the case to the Ministry of Interior," which he was glad to hear. He reasoned that when we won the Olympic gold medal, he wanted to be Thai. Wanting to be a Thai coach to win an Olympic medal is his desire, which is good news for the Taekwondo industry and the association will quickly coordinate with the government to get everything done in time for the Olympic Games in Japan. "Coach Chae" Chae Young Suk revealed that at first he thought hard but now his family in South Korea understands. I was worried about my grandmother because she had passed away, so I made a decision, which is important that I live in Thailand for almost 20 years and want to build a life in Thailand. His family's here. My son is happy here. This time the shooter Pupils are like their sons and daughters. Being Thai, he helped develop Taekwondo in Thailand for Coach Che. He has been coaching the Thai national team since 2002, leading the Thai Taekwondo team from any nation that can easily beat to become great, reaching the top 10 in the world. He has won every Olympic Games medal since 2004 in Athens, Greece. In addition, in the Asian Games, he has won 5 gold medals, 8 silver medals, 12 bronze medals, 48 SEA Games, 23 gold medals, 28 bronze medals, 3 gold medals, 1 silver medal and 5 world championships.
Australian Open without spectators for 5 days after lockdown|State of Victoria A five-day emergency lockdown resulted in the Australian Open being held without spectators today (Feb 13). Australian Government Victoria's five-day lockdown has forced the Australian Open Grand Slam tennis not to allow spectators for the next five days. Djokovic The four-game break lasted nearly 10 minutes after Cheramprai announced that tennis fans would be left midway through the court due to government measures requiring people in Victoria to go home before midnight. After an emergency lockdown was declared for Victoria, COVID-19 was recently detected. A mutant species from England. Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews has imposed a five-day emergency lockdown, but tournament organisers have confirmed the Australian Open will continue without spectators.
Women's Professional Golf The 2021 season is headed out.|Today ( 10 Feb 21 ) Mr. Krisda A. The president of the Women's Professional Golf Association gave an interview to Thai PBS about the readiness to prepare for the opening of the 2021 season. The association is currently in discussions with the Sports Authority of Thailand. The association has relied on data from the plans that the tournament was held during the COVID period from last year to comply with this year's tournament, whether it is social distancing, wearing masks or banning lockers. Samut Sakhon province must take a COVID-19 test and must quarantine before competing, while athletes whose names are listed in the house registration are in Samut Sakhon province but live in other provinces. Must report to the association that they have not traveled to the area in the past. The association will conduct the competition with the health of all parties in mind. The association's competition plan for this season The first tournament is expected to begin at the end of March or early April with a total of 10 events, before culminating with the Thai LPGA Masters with a huge prize pool to compete for. One of the main missions of the Women's Professional Golf Association this year is to develop caddies to raise the level of caddies to have knowledge and understanding of the rules. In addition, it will reduce the problem from previous years that athletes use their own caddies, many of whom have not been trained according to international standards. More than 200 caddies registered with both associations will be able to work on both tours, including the Thailand PGA and the Thai LPGA, as well as work on another professional Thai tour, the All Thailand Golf Tour. Professional caddies have more ways to earn money. In this season's tournament, both the Women's Professional Golf Association and the Professional Golf Association of Thailand will allow golfers to use only trained caddies. The next training, which will be the last before the season opens, will take place on February 17 at Panya Indra Golf Club.
Aubameyang He admitted to missing an unbelievable goal in a Europa League game.|Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Arsenal striker Arsenal striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has admitted his mistake in failing to score in an unbelievable goal. Arsenal drew 1-1 with Portugal's Benfica in the Europa League round of 32. Aubameyang posted the first leg on his personal Twitter account. "We should have had a better result and I should have scored two goals in this game, but there is still one game left to play with the second leg of the match at Karais Kakhis Stadium in Greece. On February 26 at 12:55 a.m. local time
Women's Professional Golf Association Caddy Training Increase your chances of building a career|Today (February 17, 2021), the Women's Professional Golf Association and the Professional Golf Association of Thailand Organize vocational caddy training with the objective of Thai caddies. Knowledge of international rules and correct understanding. If there is an opportunity to work with foreign golfers by the content of this training. It consists of "preparing and reading the basic "Yard Book" which has Pompetch Sarabuddhi coach. Experienced golf coaches will provide information, then there will be a discussion with a discussion about golf history, ethics and duties as a professional caddie by Khun Samaporn Kanthathan and Khun Katawut Phaocharoen, as well as training on golf regulations and etiquette. Physical Fitness Enhancement by Dr. Tanetpong Sukwong Mr. Metee Suthat Na Ayutthaya, president of the Professional Golf Association of Thailand, who initiated the professional caddy program, said that this opens up a career channel for caddies in Thailand to have a higher standard so that they can work for golfers on tours abroad. In addition, it will be another option for professional golfers who are not successful as professional athletes but still want to work in the golf industry. This season, both the Women's Professional Golf Association and the Professional Golf Association of Thailand will allow golfers to use only trained caddies to carry golf bags in both associations' tournaments.
"Pro Ray" scored 9-under-par qualifying round for Thailand Mix.|Today (February 23, 2021), reporters reported that the "Thailand Mixed Host by Trust Golf 2021" Golf Tour 1st Tournament was held at Black Mountain Golf Club, Hua Hin. Golf Trust in collaboration with Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT), The National Sports Development Fund organized the tournament, marking a new type of match. Men's and women's pros compete on the same circuit in the Monday qualifying round. Selected Golfers12 People enter the tournament that will start on February 25, 2021, appeared as "Pro Ray" Amarin Kraiwichian. Swing boy from Bangkok came out in the hottest form making 9 birdies. No bogies at all. A total score of 9-under 63 was the best performance of all 71 qualifiers. Thailand Development Tour "TDT Tour Nakhon Nayok 2019" revealed that it was the best performance ever achieved in a professional competition since turning pro last month. July of last year. This time, I worked really well with the caddies, unlike before when I was missing something. Today there is more confidence. The 2nd place scored the same 5-under-par 67 with three players, consisting of Parin Sirisommai, Setthi Prakongvech and Thanyapisit Omsin, especially "Pronuk" Thanyapisit, who made 6 birdies and 1 bogey, made a day-on on the par-4 17th hole from 330 yards and made two putts for the last birdie of the day. The 25-year-old revealed that he tried to hit it on the green despite strong winds on the last nine holes, but the turning point of the day was making three birdies in a row from the start. The tournament round aims to qualify first and then to win again other golfers who have qualified for the tournament. After qualifying for a total of 3-under-par 69, Thanarat Srisathaporn, Sakchai Sirimaya, Chakanat Inmee, Panuwat Bulsombat, Kittiporn Chawanapong, Thammanun Sriroj and Thanapat Pichaikul tied for 4-under-par 68 and Thavit Pol Thai ranked 12th in the tournament. Scheduled to take place during February 25-28, 2021. Normal" It is not open to golf fans.
INTENSIVE FINISHED 29TH IN THE OPENING OF THE KORN FERRY TOUR 2021 SEASON.|Today (February 22, 2021), the movement of Concentrate Limpasut THE THAI PROFESSIONAL GOLFER, WHO COMPETED IN THE 2021 SEASON OF THE KORN FERRY TOUR FROM FEBRUARY 18-21 WITH THE LECOM SUNCOAST CLASSIC AT THE 7,113-YARD, PAR-71 LAKEWOOD NATIONAL GOLF CLUB (COMMANDER COURSE) IN SARASOTA, BRADENTON, FLORIDA, APPEARED TO HAVE SCORED A FINAL ROUND OF 1 OVER PAR FROM 2 BIRDIES, 1 BOGEY AND 1 DOUBLE BOGEY FOR A FOUR-DAY TOTAL OF 6-UNDER PAR TO FINISH 29TH OUT OF 143 COMPETITORS. THE CHITIMACHA LOUISIANA OPEN WILL TAKE PLACE ON MARCH 18-21 WITH THE CHITIMACHA LOUISIANA OPEN IN BROUSSARD, LOUISIANA.
The Premier League has the opportunity for fans to watch games at the stadium at the end of the season.|British Prime Minister Plan events to allow fans to return to the stadium to watch games. From May 17 onwards today (February 23) Due to the problem of the COVID-19 pandemic. New species The UK government has not allowed fans to attend games since December last year, but British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been in charge since December last year. The event is planned to allow fans to return to the stadium. From May 17, outdoor sports such as football will allow no more than 10,000 spectators, or 25% of the stadium, and if it is on schedule, the final Premier League season match will be played on May 23. The FA Cup, although played on May 15, is two days ahead of schedule, is likely to be used as the first leg of the test for fans at the stadium.
Cristiano Ronaldo holds the record for goals scored by every Italian top-flight team.|Cristiano Ronaldo holds the record for goals for all Italian top-flight teams. After scoring Crotone's last goal today (February 23), Cristiano Ronaldo scored the final goal of the club. Juventus striker Scored goals for all teams in Serie A. Serie A after scoring a goal Juventus beat Crotone 3-1 last night and Ronaldo scored twice in the game, his 17th and 18th goals of the season, giving Ronaldo the record for goals for any Serie A team. Ronaldo has scored 70 goals for Juventus since joining from Real Madrid, with only Chievo Verona being the only opponent Ronaldo has failed to score. After being relegated in the 2018–19 season. Crotone yesterday gave Ronaldo a goal against 78 teams, second only to Zlatan Ibrahimovic with 79.
Prom-Dan gets excited to play with Thailand Mix Women's Pro for 3 million this week|Two famous golfers, Phrom Meesawad and Dantai Bunma, are fully prepared. Admit some excitement with the new competition format. Play against the same women's pro this week in the Trust Golf Tour Thailand Mixed Host by Trust Golf 2021 with a total prize pool of 3 million baht. The first round exploded on Thursday, February 25, at Black Mountain Golf Club, Hua Hin. The men's 7,285-yard course and the women's 6,277-yard par-72 tournament was welcomed by many male and female golfers and the tournament was held on Monday and selected 12 golfers to participate in the tournament from February 25-28 to win a total prize fund of 3 million baht. By Golf Trust in collaboration with Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT), The National Sports Development Fund, Black Mountain Golf Club, Bangkok Bank, B.Grimm and Vietjet Air.com along with other partners organized in the new normal. In accordance with the standard of COVID-19 epidemic control, Tuesday, February 23 was the official training round for tour participants. Hua Hin's favorite swing 36-year-old champion The 25-year-old 25-year-old Asian Tour winner (SK Telecom Open 2006, Yangde Tournament Players Championship 2014) and 25-year-old Sukhothai pro Dantai Bunma, who owns 1 title on the Asian Tour (World Classic Championship at Laguna National 2015), owner of 3 titles on the All Thailand Golf Tour and Boonchu Ruangkit Championship 2016. It excites everyone quite a bit. I prepare myself like every item. This week's Thailand Mix will allow athletes to enjoy the novelty that women and men play on the same course, which is a good idea if everything turns out great, and this concept could be carried on to major tours in the future. Played in this stadium many times. Fairly familiar. I have been practicing hard for this tournament and I hope to do my best to reach the championship for Hua Hin golf fans." Dantai "My fitness is around 80-90 per cent and I have more than two months of rest and I practice and improve on things I have to fix a lot of things like short balls and putts. Admitting that being excited to clash with the female pros was a challenge, I am ready to participate in all 5 matches of the Trust Golf Tour this year. Aim to do your best. Enjoy the game to the fullest, try to focus on every shot you play. I've played on this course 3 times, so be careful to read the lines on the putting green, as well as the wind conditions that may require 2 or 3 irons. Try to focus on putting on the green as best as possible." The "Thailand Mix Hosted by Trust Golf 2021" 1st tournament is one of 5 tournaments this year. It is the first professional tournament after the COVID-19 pandemic has eased. Men and women will win the same prize of 3 million baht. The four-day, 72-hole stroke play tournament will be held from February 25-28 at Black Mountain Golf Club, Hua Hin Par 72. The course will not be open to golf fans, but will be streamed live on the Golf Trust's Facebook and YouTube channels.
Tiger Woods was seriously injured in a car accident.|Tiger Woods, former world No. 1 golfer Car crash in California Multiple severe leg injuries. Tiger Woods, 45, was driving a Genesis SUV today (Feb. 24, 2021). Model GV80 falls off a curve in Rancho Palos. Verdes in California before crossing the coast and falling on the side of the road. At 7:12 a.m. local time on Tuesday morning, residents who lived about 50 feet away from the scene immediately called police. Before the rescue team (firefighters) arrived at the scene and used crowbars and cutting tools. He was removed from the vehicle and taken to a medical facility called Harbor UCLA Medical Center for urgent surgery, where Tiger reportedly suffered severe injuries to both legs (lower leg and ankle). Villanueva, the local sheriff. Announcing the progress of the accident, Tiger said there were no parties to the incident. Be sober, able to communicate with rescue teams. His leg injury was a matter of great concern, however, it was good that Tiger fastened his seat belt and the air bag worked well, keeping him alive. At the end, Villanueva said that Tiger's car was traveling at a speed limit. After completing surgery for Tiger, he lived in Florida but traveled to California. To host the PGA Tour Genesis Golf Tournament. The Invitational ended last Sunday but he has a program in California. Another 2 days to tape the program on Golf TV (PGA Tour channel). Heading to Rolling Hill Tantree Golf Course The club, about 4.7 miles (7.5 kilometers) from where the car crashed, is known to locals as a dangerous curve. If people are not used to the route. When you look at the GPS, accidents can occur with other famous golfers and athletes in the world. They came out to post messages of encouragement for Tiger. Justin Thomas, Bryson. De Champowe, Jack Nickrecross, Jon Rahm and many other American football players, including Barack Obama. Donald Trump 2, the former leader of the United States, was also recently present. Tiger underwent surgery on his back for the fifth time and is scheduled to be out for several months, with fans hoping he will recover in time for the Masters. But he was involved in a car accident first. This accident was Tiger's third car accident. The second occurred in Florida in 2017, when Tiger crashed his car into a tree on the side of the road, claiming he was intoxicated by taking too many painkillers. This makes the car out of control. 
No. 1 golfers from 3 famous tours participate in Golf Thailand Mix to win 3 million baht|Today (February 25, 2021) Thailand Mix Host by Trust Golf 2021 is a new golf tournament. The joint tournament between male and female professional golfers is one of five tournaments of the Trust Golf Tour 2021 organized by the Trust Golf. Under the sponsorship of the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT), The National Sports Development Fund, Black Mountain Golf Club, has been welcomed by both male and female professional golfers from all over the country. The tournament will take place from February 25-28, 2021 at Black Mountain Golf Club, with men playing a total of 7,285 yards and women playing a distance of 6,277 yards, par 72. Tangkamol Prasert, Panupol Pittayarat and Athaya Thitikul Three of the top three golfers from the All Thailand Golf Tour, Thailand PGA Tour and Thailand LPGA Tour will join the Trust Golf Tour 2021's first Thailand Mix Host by Trust Golf 2021 season. This February, at Block Mountain Golf Club, Hua Hin, Prachuap Province, the prize pool is 3 million baht. In a new format that allows male and female professional golfers to win prize money on the same course with the same scoreboard. Start at different tee podiums at different distances. However, the tour is not open in accordance with the measures to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus. Normal" recently tested the COVID-19 virus for golfers and caddies participating in the tournament at Hua Hin Grand Hotel before announcing the T-Time to players in the first round of the tournament, which was attended by famous golfers of the 1st degree from 3 famous tours participating in the booby swing with "Prochai" Pawith Tangkamol Prasert. The 31-year-old swing from Bangkok is the winner of the Order of Merit All Thailand Golf Tour 2020. muhammad abbas The 2020 Championship is in Group 20, starting on hole 10 at 8.30 a.m. with Proprom Meesawat. Hua Hin's favorite swing Winner of 2 titles, Asian Tour and Prima Thammarak Thai LPGA Girl Swing The tour also has other interesting groups of players. Proray Amarin Kraiwichian, ranked 1st from the qualifying round, issued in the group of 18 holes 10 at 08.10 a.m. with Phusit. Disgraceful Property Young golfer from Ratchaburi and Donlaphatchai Niyomchon Meanwhile, in Group 22 at 08.50 a.m. on the 10th hole, "Prolek" Thavorn Wiratchan, former two-time Asian Tour No. 1 in 2005 and 2012, clashed with "Progo". Rachpol Chandwara Winner of Singha Masters 2020 and swing girl "Proant" Renuka Suksukon Pathumthani Girl, Group 26, Hole 1 At 12.05 p.m., Promoddang Thammanun Sriroj from Plutaluang beat with "Probank" Suttijetn Kuhrattanapisarn and "Probo" Chalisa Limpiphonpaiboon. Swing girl from Chiang Mai Group 30 hole 1 at 12.45 p.m. "Promoh" Thanyakorn Krongpha from Khon Kaen to play with Sangchai Kaewcharoen Rising stars from the Thailand PGA Tour and Trichat China return to swing the 24-year-old from Bangkok, Group 32, Hole 1 at 13.05 hrs. Young golfers from Sungai Kolok clashed with Dantai Bunma and Apichaya Yubol, swinging girls from Saraburi, followed by a group of 33 on hole 1 at 13.15 hrs. The locals are ready to duel 2 girls from the Thai LPGA Tour, "Pro Pop" Kulthida Brahmpan and "Pro Sai Hemp" Pannarat Thanapolboonrasami, while Group 34 is the second last of hole 1 at 1.25 p.m. Former champions Thailand Open in 2017 will clash with "Pro Art" Suradit Yongcharoenchai and "Prokoi" Chonlada Chayanan Saowakorat, former No. 1 Thailand LPGA Tour 2019 while 2 for Swing youth who have been selected to participate in this experience with "Nong Copter" Chutipon Janyasawat will be whipped, at Group 24 at 9.10 a.m. at hole 10 together with Chakraphant. Prem Sirikorn and Panerai Meesomorn are red label pros from Chonburi, while "Nong Khao Ball" Thitikarn Thorapasit will join the 38-hole 10 team at 12.15 p.m. with Dittakon Chouvong, a rising star from Hua Hin, and Pinkaew Trachuen. The 4-day, 72-hole stroke play course runs from Feb. 25-28 at Black Mountain Golf Club, where the men's 7,285-yard course and the women's 6,277-yard par-72 course feature golfers entering the final two days after two days or 36 holes to win the top 60 prize money.
"Jutinun" ready to push "wheelchair stuffed hoop" into "professional sports"|Today (27 Feb 2021) Mr. Jutinan Phiromphakdi Chairman of the Paralympic Committee of Thailand Presided over the opening ceremony of the Thailand Wheelchair Basketball Championship Year 2021 with Mr. Chukiat Singhsung President of the Disabled Sports Association of Thailand and Mr. Pattaraphan Krissana, President of the Thai Wheelchair Basketball Association with wheelchair basketball athletes from all over the country. 100 people attended the ceremony at the basketball court. Sports Authority of Thailand Indoor Sports Center This year's tournament is the first league-style competition with 4 courts including the 1st court at the basketball court. Sports Authority of Thailand Indoor Sports Center During 26-28 February 2021, 2nd Circuit Phetchabun Provincial Stadium during 18-21 April 2021, 3rd Circuit Tak Stadium during 22-25 April 2021 and Final Field (Playoffs) 4,000-seat Physical Education School in Suphan Buri Province during 10-13 May 2021. A total of 8 teams competed, including "former champions" Singha Nonthaburi, Tak Warrior, Chiang Mai Panda, Ayutthaya, Songkhla, Suphan Buri, Saraburi and Phetchabun.Mr. Jutinan said that this competition is considered a model for the Wheelchair Basketball League that has continuously pushed together with the Wheelchair Basketball Association and the Disabled Sports Association because this sport is considered a fun and exciting sport. Not comparable to normal basketball and should be able to develop further into a professional sport in the future, to this day I must say that it is an effort that is more than a dream because they look far into many dimensions because of the development of this sport as a professional sport. In addition to the sustainable income of athletes, there is another dimension to equality because it is another sport which is open to normal people. Able to compete with people with disabilities and abroad because in the United States it is highly popular. Make a plan to fully support it. President of the Thai Paralympics He continued, "In the past, I used to pull actors. This sport is considered a sport that everyone can play, but it is more difficult than normal basketball because it requires the ability to control the wheelchair. Mr. Chukiat Singhsung The president of the Disabled Sports Association of Thailand said that the wheelchair basketball league is considered a sport that will create careers and income for athletes and their families, and this competition is the beginning and has the full support of the president of the Thai Paralympics. Playing against "Rong Cham Kao" Saraburi who won the first game as well, this match turned out to be a hoop team Singha Nonthaburi that is rich in national team players like Noppadol Wannabovorn and Kwanchai Pimkorn, relying on veteran and more accurate shooting to beat. Saraburi won 78-54 points, while the other results were as follows: Phetchabun beat Ayutthaya 34-28 points.
"Setthi" overtook the lead at 19-under round 3, two girls by one point. Thailand Mix|Today (27 February 2021), Thailand Mix Hosted by Trust Golf is a joint competition between male and female pros, male players of 7,285 yards and women's 6,277 yards, par 72, sponsored by the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT). National Sports Development Fund, Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT), Black Mountain Golf Club, Bangkok Bank, B.Grimm and Vietjet Air.com, among others, finished the third round on February 27, 2021. The first nine holes made three birdies and lost a bogey on the par-4 5th hole. The wrong iron fell past the green, chipping in to make two putts to accelerate in the last 9 holes despite losing bogeys on holes 10 and 12 but recovering points. From 20 yards chip, made an eagle on the par-5 13th hole and made four birdies in a row from hole 15 to hole 18 to finish 7-under par for a total score of 65 for a three-day total of 19-under par. One stroke behind this round of pro-leaders. He said after the match that he tried to play his best, drive it, hit it on the green to get as many chances as possible to score points. Playing the last nine holes His impressive birdie streak, especially with an eagle chip on the 13th hole, was the turning point for the game. Today I lost 3 bogeys because the wind started to get strong in the afternoon. It was a good match. Glad to have a good match like this happening in Thailand. Tomorrow will try to play as planned, but depending on the weather as well, Athaya Thitikul and Apichaya Yubol are two swing girls who are 1 stroke behind the leader. The 2020 Thai LPGA Tour winner from Ratchaburi collected 4 birdies in the first round before making 3 birdies on the 10th hole, 13th and 14th holes before losing a bogey on the 16th hole, then recovering birdie on the 17th hole to finish at 7-under par for a total score of 65 for a total of 3 days and 18-under par. Don't even think about reigning champion while Pro Piano The 18-year-old from Saraburi, who burst into top form with 9 birdies and 1 bogey, said after the tournament that she had a lot of fun playing today because she was out with all the female golfers. The putt was good, picking up birdies from the distance to be expected, with only one bogey lost on the 7th hole because it fell to the right. Chip up the green badly. Tomorrow try to have fun focusing on the shots that should be made for Chankapisut Charoenpattanasathit. This round added another 7-under-par for a total score of 65 from 1 eagle, 5 birdies without losing a bogey and Arkanok. Soisuwan who this round scored 4-under-par with a total score of 68 from 5 birdies and 1 bogey, especially making 3 consecutive birdies in the last 3 holes, scoring a total of 3 days 15-under-par 201. The leader in the previous round had the same result with a total score of 12-under-par 204.
Pro Piano Thailand Mix Champion finished 23-under and received 4.5 hundred thousand baht.|Today ( 1 Mar 21 ) The Thailand Mixed Host by Trust Golf tournament is a joint competition between male and female pros with a total prize fund of 3 million baht. The champion received 450,000 baht, the men's 7,285 yards and the women's 6,277 yards, par 72. National Sports Development Fund Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) Black Mountain Golf Club Final Tournament Piano Pro Arpichaya Yubol, an 18-year-old golfer from Saraburi, started losing a bogey on the first hole before making four birdies on holes 2,3, 6 and 7 and losing another bogey on the ninth hole to finish the round in the first nine holes at 2-under. The total score was 20-under-par. In the last nine holes, he lost a bogey on hole 12 before making four birdies in a row from hole 13 to hole 16 before saving par holes 17 and 18 to finish at 5-under par for a total score of 67 for a four-day total of 23-under par to win the championship. The former No. 1 from the 2018 Thailand LPGA Tour, who won the tournament, said he was very excited and satisfied with his performance. Try to stay focused on the rest of the backplay. Lucky made 4 birdies in a row from hole 13 to hole 16, didn't think about winning the championship, only tried to do his best. Jean is a great golfer. Pro-Benz hit straight but didn't make a good putt. Seeing everyone play well gives us confidence that we can do well as well. Thank you mom and dad for your encouragement before playing this competition. After recovering from a sore wrist. Thank you to our sponsors and the Golf Trust for organizing such a great tournament." Swing girl from Ratchaburi who this round scored a 4-under-par 68 from 4 birdies without losing a bogey. The four-day total of 22-under-par 266 won 300,000 baht, with the girl, who just celebrated turning 18 last month, said she was pleased with her performance. You just can't turn your chances into yourself. Overall, I am very satisfied with my work and I am aware of the shortcomings, which will lead to further improvements. He should still play on the Thai tour and prepare to travel abroad in about a month. This May"Sethi Prakongvej The young golfer from Chonburi, the leader from the third day, added 1 under par with a total score of 71 from 5 birdies, 4 bogeys, a four-day score of 20 under par, to take the 3rd place and receive 180,000 baht in prize money, with Suttipat Prateepathianchai and Chanetti Wannasen taking 4th place together with 18 under par with a total score of 270 and receiving 127,400 baht each. The 13-year-old Swing finished in joint 36th place with a score of 6-under-par with a total score of 282. Issarapol finished joint 46th with a score of 4-under-par with a total score of 284. Thailand Mix Host by Trust Golf 2nd Tournament Win a total prize fund of 3 million baht It will take place from April 12-18 at Alpine Golf Club, Chiang Mai.
History of Muay Thai at the 2023 European Games|The Prime Minister applauded the European Olympic Committee (EOC) for including Muay Thai at the 2023 European Games. Yesterday (3 Mar 2021) Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister congratulated the European Olympic Committee (EOC) for incorporating Muay Thai into the 2023 European Games in Krakow, Poland. It has been determined that Muay Thai is a fast-growing sport in terms of martial arts and the base of athletes and spectators. With the increasing number of athletes and spectators every year, the competition will have gold medals in 7 men's, 7 women's and mixed teams.The Prime Minister also tasked the Ministry of Sports Tourism to integrate with relevant agencies to promote Thailand's sports potential. We are also pushing for Muay Thai to be included in the Olympic Games in the future as Muay Thai is already very popular abroad at present. The Facebook page "Thai Khu Fa" published a message. "Muay Thai", the national sport of Thailand, has been included as one of the sports of the "European Games 2023", marking the first time that Muay Thai has been included in this event. This has been confirmed by the International Amateur Muay Thai Federation. The IFMA is the governing body of Muay Thai that allows athletes to compete in competitions. The 2023 European Games will be held every four years and will be held twice from June 9 to 25, 2023 in Krakow, Poland, with 50 European nations participating.
Thai LPGA Announces Nikon Partnership|Today ( 6 Mar 21 ) Thai LPGA and Nikon Sales (Thailand) Co., Ltd. announce partnership and support for photographic equipment Still & Movie - Laser Distance Measuring Equipment In the 2021 Women's Professional Golf Tournament, the Women's Professional Golf Association by you. Krisada A. President of the Association and Nikon Sales (Thailand) Co., Ltd., by Mr. Veera Chaleopiyasakul, General Manager, announced the cooperation and support of photographic equipment, both still and movies, including laser rangefinder equipment, in the women's professional golf tournament organized by the Women's Professional Golf Association. Throughout 2021, we are ready to raise the standard of still and motion pictures of professional golf tournaments in Thailand. TO PROMOTE THIS YEAR'S TOURNAMENTS SUCH AS THE THAI LPGA CHAMPIONSHIP, THAI LPGA MATCH PLAY AND THAILAND LPGA MASTERS TO A GLOBAL AUDIENCE. In the future, the Women's Professional Golf Association and Nikon Sales (Thailand) Co., Ltd. have also planned to organize Training in photography and video on various topics to develop personnel related to women's professional golf.
Sivanat Kuang Lalna Won the LTAT-ITF Tennis Championship Junior|Today (6 Mar 2021) International Youth Tennis Tournament ITF World Youth Ranking World Tennis Tour Junior Grade 4 "LTAT-ITF Junior Championship J4" at the National Tennis Development Center, Muang Thong Thani on March 6, 2021 was the last day. Executive Director, Lawn Tennis Association of Thailand Under the patronage of His Majesty the King, he presided over the award ceremony in the men's singles category. The final was a meeting between two Thai rising stars. "Maximus." Maximus. Pharapon Jones is half Thai-Australian. The 16-year-old is ranked No. 4 in the tournament and No. 203 in the world juniors. Meet "Panpan" Sivanat Uittayakul The 16-year-old world No. 641 has met in the ITF twice before, taking turns winning each other. The one had to play 3 sets and it took 3.01 hours to win the match and it was Sivanat who lost the first set first. Coming back to win 2-1 sets 5-7, 7-6(3) and 7-5, "Panpan" Sivanat won the men's singles title. "LTAT-ITF Junior Championship J4" 2021 with 45 world junior ranking points and ITF men's singles title. It was Sivanat's first World Tennis Tour junior title after previously winning the men's doubles title at the ITF level twice. Pharapol Jones, as the men's singles runner-up, earned world junior ranking points. 27 points in women's singles final "Ruangkhao" Lalna Tararudee 16-year-old Thai tennis player, Nakhon Si Thammarat, No. 1 in the tournament and No. 126 in the world youth. Meet 18-year-old Chachoengsao "Nat" Pannin Kovapitakdesh, ranked No. 2 in the tournament and No. 151 in the world juniors, who have met in the ITF tournament twice, taking turns winning each other. As for this match, it appears that Lalna is trying to play his own game. After 58 minutes of matching, "Ruangkhao" Lalna won the women's singles title in the LTAT-ITF women's singles. Junior Championship J4" 2021 and earn 45 world junior ranking points by winning this championship, which is the women's singles title in the international youth championship. ITF It was Lalna's eighth World Tennis Tour junior title, while "Nat" Pannin, as the runner-up in women's singles, earned world junior ranking points. 27 points
SAT gives green light to 11 Thai League clubs to allow more football fans to visit the game|Thai League reveals that the SAT has endorsed Thai League stadiums after the ECB has relaxed its policy, with 11 Thai League 1 clubs assessed, 6 Thai League 2 clubs and 2 Thai League 3 clubs with no more than 50% of their capacity today (March 9, 2021). Thai League Co., Ltd. informed that according to the Center for the Situation Management of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), The Ministry of Tourism and Sports and Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) has eased the policy to allow football matches to be open to a limited number of spectators. In the professional football leagues of Thai League 1, Thai League 2 and Thai League 3, spectator competitions have begun. The government agency, as the director, monitor and evaluate the measures for organizing the matches, has considered the measures for the organization of each stadium and allowed the qualified stadiums to increase the ratio with spectators to not exceed 50% of the stadiums listed below from now on. Overall, it is found that the club is unable to comply with the measures to organize the competition in accordance with the increase in the number of matches. The list of clubs is as follows: Thai League 1 club: Ratchaburi Mitr Phol Thai League 2 clubs: Chainat Hornbill, Nong Bua Pichaya FC, Lampang FC, Chiang Mai United, Kasetsart FC Uthai Thani FCThai League 3 clubs: Muangkan United, Lamphun Warriors Meanwhile, other clubs are required to maintain measures to hold matches with spectators at a ratio of no more than 25% of capacity and tighten measures. This is especially true in relation to audiences, such as wearing masks, distancing. The measures of each club will be reassessed. The clubs in that group are listed as follows: Thai League 1 club: Polit Tero FC, SCG Muangthong UnitedThai League 2 clubs: Chiang Mai FC, Sisaket FC, Udon Thani FC, Khon Kaen FC, MOF Customs United, Ayutthaya United, Royal Navy F.C., Khon Kaen United, Nakhon Pathom United, Grand Andaman Ranong United For clubs that have not hosted a match as hosts in the past two weeks, the competition must be started at no more than 25% of capacity. Whether or not to host the next home match (except Thai Union Samut Sakhon FC who wish to host a closed match) The clubs are listed as follows: Thai League 1 clubs: Chonburi FC, Nakhon Ratchasima Mazda Samut Prakan CityThai League 2 : Phrae UnitedThai League 3 : Ratchapracha, Udon United
Japanese media said the Japanese government banned foreign fans from attending the Olympics.|Japanese media reported that the Japanese government Foreign sports fans will be banned from entering the country to watch the 2020 Olympic Games today (March 10, 2021). Japan's Kyodo News Agency Citing government officials concerned, the Japanese government has decided that the 2020 Olympic Games and Paralympic Games will be held without foreign fans, as most Japanese are still worried about the spread of COVID-19. In more countries, but the latest IOC spokesman Mark Adams The IOC is set to meet with Japanese authorities and tournament organizers to decide whether to allow foreign supporters to attend the Olympics at the end of March, according to a poll of 77 percent of Japanese who do not want foreign fans to attend the Olympics because they are worried that foreign supporters could cause the spread of COVID-19. Japan has recorded more than 440,000 COVID-19 infections and more than 8,300 deaths. Frontline healthcare workers have received just 46,500 vaccine doses. On Friday, the reason for the delay in vaccination was due to Japan's shortage of low-dead space syringes that could absorb more vaccines than conventional syringes.
Thomas Bach sits as IOC president. 2nd period|Thomas Bach was entrusted with the position of president of the International Olympic Committee for a second term today (March 11). International Olympic Committee member Thomas Bach IOC President The 67-year-old German was entrusted by IOC members to serve a second term in office with an overwhelming vote. In a vote conducted during the 137th IOC General Assembly held online, Mr Bach received 93 votes and 1 no vote. IOC President First session of the IOC in Buenos Aires Bach will serve a four-year term until 2025.The IOC also discussed the move forward with the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics. Mr. Thomas Bach expressed confidence in Saiko's performance. Hashimoto, the new chairman of the competition, who is a lady, said that the competition will be as complete as possible and in the direction of The IOC has put it in place, especially on gender equality.
Suthasinee wins 2nd Olympic ticket|Suthasinee Svetrabutr beat his Spanish rival to secure a ticket to the Olympic Table Tennis today (March 17) at the World Singles Qualification Tournament in Doha, Qatar. Stage 2 Final The winner will receive a ticket to the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan. The final card of this tournament, Suthasinee Svetrabut, world No. 41. World No. 72 Xiao Maria of Spain won 4-1 13-11, 5-11, 11-9, 11-9, 11-8 to win her second Olympic Games ticket. 
Court sentences former Thai League referee and footballer to prison for falling off the ball|Criminal Court sentences former director to prison And Thai League footballers along with a group of 15 capitalists in the case of falling balls. Lock in the results of the 2017 Thai League season today (18 March 2021). The Criminal Court reads the verdict. The case against the history of the 2017 Thai League season filed by the Special Prosecutor of the Criminal Case Division 6 as the plaintiff. Mr. Teerajit Sittisuk, who is the assistant referee or lineman, along with a total of 15 people hired. Athletes, referees To lock the results of the competition, today all the defendants, along with their lawyers, came to hear the verdict, which was attended by relatives and close persons to cheer up. The court considered the evidence of the plaintiff and the defendant. That the prosecution has strong evidence. Police, evidence of phone calls and text conversations on the WeChat application. Therefore, the judge found that the defendant actually committed the crime as indicted, and sentenced Mr. Teerajit Sittisouk to 5 years in prison. The former 2017 FIFA referee was sentenced to 2 years in prison, while a group of capitalists consisting of Mr. Cherdsak Boonchu, former Director of Sisaket FC Mr. Pakpoom Phannikul Mr. Manit or Sethapasit All three were sentenced to 4 years in prison by the court, while Wallop Saman and Kittiphum Paphunga were sentenced to 4 years in prison. The court sentenced him to 2 years in prison for his athlete Veera Kerdpudsa, a former goalkeeper of Nakhon Ratchasima team. teerachai ngamcharoen Mr. Tosaporn Khemengkit and Mr. Eakaphan Chandakorn, former 3 Sisaket FC players The court sentenced each person to 1 year in prison. Seksan Thonglang Sgt. Suttipong Laoporn, Sgt. Suwittaya Namsinla, former 3 players of the Royal Navy team, and Mr. Narong Wongthong Former Sisaket player After hearing the verdict, relatives and lawyers filed a petition with bail securities to fight the case during the appeal. The case took place in 4 Thai League and Cup League Cup matches in 2017, namely the game between Ubon UMT and Sisaket FC, which was the Toyota League Cup round of 32, which Ubon UMT won 3-0, the Thai League game between Nakhon Ratchasima and Suphanburi, the result was a 2-2 draw, the Thai League game between Royal Navy and Pattaya United ended in a 2-2 draw, and the Thai League game between Royal Navy and Muang Thong. The result ended in a 2-1 defeat by the Royal Navy.   
"Pornpawee" wins All-England Championship runner-up|Pornpawee Chochuwong missed out on making history as the first Thai athlete to win the championship. All England After losing to their Japanese rivals in the final today (March 21, 2021). The All England Badminton Tournament Finals In women's singles, World No. 11 Pornpawee Chochuwong Reaching the World Tour 1,000 final for the first time, he will face world No. 4 Nozomi Okuhara of Japan, who defeated Japan. Rachnok Inthanon came into the playoffs with a record of 5 previous meetings. "Nong Mew" started well, leading 3-0, but then it was Okuara who controlled the game to overtake the points to win the first game with a score of 21-12 going into the second game. He tried his best but couldn't resist, losing 16-21 to win the runner-up title with a consolation prize of US$28,900 or about 900,000 baht for the All England Championship. The oldest badminton tournament in the world The competition has been running since 1899. Thai badminton players have reached the finals 9 times, but none have won the championship. 
Provichai takes the lead at the Senior Artitaya Open.|Senior Professional Golf "NSDF-Thai Senior Aditaya Open" in Nakhon Nayok on the first day The leadership position belongs to Wichai Wiangnon. The 51-year-old golfer from Samut Prakan scored a total of 6-under-par. The 51-year-old from Chiang Mai, winner of the Senior and Grand PGA Championship, is second in the standings, just one stroke behind the leader. Thammanun Sriroj and Tajchapat Moryadee is at 3rd with a total score of 4-under and Peerapon Ngamthong Spark is at 5 with a total score of 3-under.
"Intense" returns to training for competition in Georgia|Today (24 Mar 2021) Movement of concentrated Limpasut THE THAI GOLFER RECENTLY PRACTICED THE PRACTICE ROUND FOR THE KORN FERRY TOUR THIS WEEK FROM MARCH 25-28 IN THE CLUB CAR CHAMPIONSHIP TO WIN A TOTAL OF $600,000 AT THE LANDINGS CLUB - DEER CREEK GC, A 7,128-YARD, PAR-72 COURSE LOCATED IN SAVANNAH, GEORGIA. Greens are soft and not very fast. The score of this week's tournament should be reasonably low. The course is not very long, but there will be a lot of Dog Legs, including many par 5s and par 4s that can be scored, but there will be hard par 3 holes in every hole, including holes 9, 13, and 15 that are quite difficult. I have to try not to lose points from these holes, but the play from the practice round is still not very good, maybe from quarantine for more than 10 days, not practicing at all, still a little tired, and the first day of competition will start on March 25. 
Athaya-Chophaka Phoenix Ladies Classic|Atthaya Thitikul and Chorpaka Chaengkit led the first round in the "Phoenix Ladies Classic" with a total score of 7-under golf at Phoenix Gold Golf and Country Club in Chonburi province in a 3-day, 54-hole stroke play tournament. Former two-time Ladies European Thailand champion from Ratchaburi and Chorpaka Chaengkit from Nonthaburi tied for 7-under-par. The best amateur golfer belongs to Cholachiva. Wongsarat The 14-year-old from Chiang Mai scored a 3-under-par 69 to rank sixth, joining the highlight of the day with a 2-hole-in-one from Praewa. Phrom Brigade from Bangkok scored on the 7th hole and Waraporn Wimonwan scored on the 5th hole, both of whom will receive certificates and membership cards from Phoenix Golf Club for one year.
Thai Badminton Won 2 titles in France|Thai badminton players France won the championship in 2 categories today (March 28, 2021). The Orléans Masters Badminton World Tour 100 tournament in France, one of the tournaments used to collect points for the Olympic quota, has Thai athletes reach the finals. In the women's singles, No. 3 seed Busanan Ngbumrungpan meets Denmark's Lene Christophersen, No. 38 in the world, Busanan despite losing the first game, but uses superior experience. They won the game 2-1 with scores of 16-21, 21-15 and 21-19 to win the tournament with a prize fund of 5,265 U.S. dollars or about 175,000 baht. It was Busanan's first World Tour in four years, with the previous champion having to go back to the Thailand Masters. In 2017, in the women's doubles, Jongkolpan Kititharakul and Ravinda Prajongjai As the No. 1 seed of the tournament against Gabriella and Stephanie, the No. 2 Stoeva brothers from Bulgaria, it turned out that Jongkolpan and Rwinda They won two games in a row by a score of 21-16 to win the championship with a prize fund of 5,925 U.S. dollars or about 178,000 baht. 
Aguero Leaving Manchester City at the end of the season|Sergio Aguero  Preparing to leave Manchester City After the season today (March 30, 2021) Sergio Aguero Argentinian striker of the club Manchester City have confirmed they will not renew their contract and will part ways with the "Blue Sailors". Aguero spent 10 years at Manchester City and is currently the club's all-time top scorer. After scoring the winning goal in injury time, Manchester United won the league title in the final minute of the season.
England green light supporters to attend FA Cup|British Government Fans are allowed to attend FA Cup matches today (30 March 2021). British Government Supporters will be allowed to attend the FA Cup semi-final, which will be chosen with no more than 4,000 spectators, one match between Chelsea and Manchester City on April 17, Leicester City v Southampton on April 18, and the Carabao Cup or League Cup final on April 25 between reigning champions Spurs and Manchester City. After May 17, each stadium will be allowed to open to no more than 25 percent of its capacity, with a maximum limit of 10,000 people. on 21-Sep
 "Bodin Issara" National badminton team player infected with COVID-19|"Bodin Issara" Badminton Men's Doubles The Thai national team contracted COVID-19 after traveling to "Cassette Thonglor" on April 7, 2021. Badminton Men's Doubles Thailand National Team Revealed on Facebook that I have contracted COVID-19, the post said, "Since I went to Thonglor cassette on March 31, 2021• On the 4th evening, I learned that someone was stuck in a cassette. As a result, I started to quarantine, and during the night I started experiencing symptoms.• On the 5th day, I went to Paolo Hospital for a test.• On the 6th day, I found out that I had COVID and I was admitted and apologized to everyone who caused me trouble. My sincere apologies to everyone. 
Real Madrid beat Barcelona in El Clasico|Real Madrid beat Barcelona 2-1 in El Clasico Last night, the La Liga title race intensified at the end of the season today (April 11, 2021). The highlight is El Clasico, Real Madrid open their home game against Barcelona in the 13th minute, Real Madrid take a 1-0 lead through Karim. Benzema scored from Toni Kroos with a free-kick to give Madrid a 2-0 lead in the 28th minute.In the 60th minute, Barcelona made it 2-1 through Oscar Mingueza but couldn't keep up. Both league matches this season and overtake. Atletico Madrid are temporarily top of the table with 66 points, equal to Atletico Madrid, while Barcelona have the same 65 points in third place.
Olympics to prepare 300 accommodation rooms for athletes with COVID|Japan 2020 Olympic Games About 300 hotel rooms are planned to be prepared for athletes and officials infected with COVID-19. During the Games today (April 11, 2021), Kyodo News Agency and the Japan Times reported that the 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Organizing Committee is planning to provide a hotel with about 300 rooms for athletes or officials who are infected with COVID-19 but have mild illness or no symptoms without requiring hospitalization. But the host also declined to reveal the name of the hotel. News reports indicate that the committee is considering booking all hotels located a few kilometers from the athletes' village. In addition, the organizers of the tournament plan to prepare 30 special vehicles designed to protect drivers from infection to transport athletes infected with COVID-19. Tokyo has been placed under a month-long semi-emergency after more than 500 people were infected with COVID-19 for the fourth day in a row.
Chiang Rai won on penalties, Chonburi won the FA Cup.|Chiangrai United beat Chonburi FC on penalties to win the FA Cup With the right to play in the AFC Champions League group stage today (April 11), Chang FA Cup Finals at the stadium Thammasat University, Rangsit Center Chiangrai United vs Chonburi FC The winning team will qualify for the 2022 AFC Champions League group stage. First Half 30th minute Chonburi took an early 1-0 lead from Coronation Ruangtanaroj, but Chiang Rai followed up with a 1-1 draw in the 39th minute from Sivakorn Tiatrakul, after which there was no more goal. The game ended in a 1-1 draw. Must play a penalty shootout to decide It appears that the last person must be beaten Krikrit Thaweekarn The shot missed, hit the crossbar. Before Chotiphat Phumkaew scored a goal for Chiangrai United to win the FA Cup and qualify for the 2022 AFC Champions League group stage. 
Golf Trust is ready to open the 2nd match at Alpine, Chiang Mai.|Today (12 Apr 2021) The Trust Golf Club announced that it is ready to host the 2nd Trust Golf Tour tournament "Thailand Mixed Host by Trust Golf" with a total prize fund of 3 million baht from April 15-18 at Alpine Golf Resort, Chiang Mai province to win a trophy with a prize fund of 450,000 baht. All athletes, their accompanying personnel, and officials involved must undergo COVID-19 screening. Upon arrival at the venue, there will be a Covid passport for temperature checks in the morning, afternoon and evening sessions and a timeline for the past 7 days prior to the tournament. After the race, you must repeat the COVID-19 test. If you don't make the cut, A total of 144 golfers will participate in the 4-day, 72-hole stroke play tournament from April 15-18, with a cut of 60th or a tie after the second day of 36 holes to be crowned the champion. The third wave forced the postponement of the qualifying round to April 14 as a qualifying round, qualifying 5 male and 5 female golfers for the tournament.
Intensive training before the Korn Ferry Tour|Concentrate Limpasut Training begins ahead of the Korn Ferry Tour from April 15-18. Today (April 14) intensive limpasut Training begins on the Korn Ferry Tour from April 15-18 at the MGM Resorts Championship in Las Vegas. And this course is considered to be above sea level. The first round of tee off from hole 10 will be Thursday at 1:19 p.m. local time or 3:19 a.m. local time Thursday night. 
Golf Mix Men and women ready to open Thailand Mix|Golf Mix Men and women are ready to open the Thailand Mixed Match 2 at Alpine today (April 14). The men's and women's mixed golf tournament is ready to open the Thailand Mixed arena by this professional golf tournament is the 2nd tournament at Alpine Golf Club, Chiang Mai, with a prize fund of 3 million baht. The competition kicks off tomorrow. The competition is also a closed competition. Not to golf fans to prevent the spread of COVID-19. A total of 128 golfers competed, including 80 male professional golfers and 31 female golfers, with the remaining 17 amateur golfers receiving a prize fund of 450,000 baht in stroke play.   
Golf Trust arranges COVID testing before returning home|Today (17 Apr 2021) Reporters reported that the Trust Golf Tour organized the men's and women's mixed golf tournaments. Thailand Mix Host by Trust Golf 2nd tournament to win 3 million baht at Alpine Golf Resort Chiang Mai, Banthi District, Lamphun Province, announced the cancellation of the final round on April 18, resulting in the tournament being changed from 4 days and 72 holes to 3 days and 54 holes. Before returning to your hometown after adverse weather conditions. Many groups of golfers did not finish the second round, having to continue to play 36 holes on the morning of April 17 before making the cut at 3-over-par 147. In order to prevent the outbreak of such infections. At the end of Round 2 and there is a cut. Mr. Wanchai Meechai, the tournament director, announced the cancellation of the final round on April 18 and decided the championship title from only 3 days and 54 holes, and the Golf Trust arranged for a medical team and staff from Hariphunchai Memorial Hospital to test all athletes for COVID-19. Before returning to your hometown, follow the government's preventive measures.
INTENSIVE FINISHED JOINT 56TH IN THE MGM RESORTS CHAMPIONSHIP.|Today (19 Apr 2021) INTENSE LIMPASUT, WHO COMPETED IN THE KORN FERRY TOUR MGM RESORTS CHAMPIONSHIP AT PAIUTE GOLF RESORT IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, WON A TOTAL OF $600,000 IN THE FINAL ROUND. INTENSELY SCORED 3 OVER PAR (75) FROM 2 BIRDIES, 5 BOGEYS, A FOUR-DAY TOTAL SCORE OF 1 OVER PAR 289 (72,67,75,75) FINISHED IN JOINT 56TH PLACE OUT OF 156 COMPETITORS IN THE EVENT, WITH THE WINNER GOING TO AMERICAN PRO PETER UIHLEIN, WHO SCORED 16-UNDER-PAR. We need to improve these shots to create more scoring chances.
intense Expect a race this week, the main problem is windy.|Today (22 Apr 2021) Reporter Report Movement of concentrated Limpasut THAI GOLFERS, WHO WILL COMPETE ON THE KORN FERRY TOUR ON APRIL 22-25 IN THE VERITEX BANK CHAMPIONSHIP FOR A TOTAL PRIZE POOL OF US$600,000 AT THE 6,987-YARD, PAR-71 TEXAS RANGERS GOLF CLUB IN TEXAS, SAID THE COURSE IS SLOPED. AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, THIS WEEK WE PLAY IN TEXAS, SO THERE WILL DEFINITELY BE WINDY CONDITIONS, ESPECIALLY ON FRIDAY WHEN THERE IS ALREADY A FORECAST OF STRONG WINDS. As for the layout of the course, there are many holes that have a chance to score points because the fairway is quite wide, but there are 3-4 holes that are difficult because it is a long par 4 and narrow at tee shots. Greens have a lot of slopes. You have to plan to hit it in a good position to have a birdie chance.
"Tanyaporn" qualified for the Thai national shooting team to the Tokyo Games.|Today (22 Apr 2021) Reporter Report Tanyaporn's Movement Prueksakorn Thai national shooting team won quota to compete at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan. In the past, he competed. Thailand National Team Qualifiers In the women's 25m pistol category, Tanyaporn was able to break the score threshold set by the association at 589 points, Tanyaporn scored 590 points, making it the second special subsidy for the current world record of the women's 25 meter pistol category at 594 points. President of Shooting Sports Association of Thailand Tanyaporn Prueksakorn has been an athlete for the Thai national team for 15 years, has competed in the Olympic Games 3 times and will compete in the Tokyo Games for the 4th time.
"Intense" scored 1-under-par. After the first round in Texas. |Today (23 Apr 2021) Movement of concentrated Limpasut THAI PROFESSIONAL GOLFERS COMPETED IN THE KORN FERRY TOUR VERITEX BANK CHAMPIONSHIP WITH A TOTAL PRIZE FUND OF 600,000 U.S. DOLLARS OR APPROXIMATELY 18 MILLION BAHT AT THE 6,987-YARD, PAR-71 TEXAS RANGERS GOLF CLUB IN ARLINGTON, TEXAS.
Chanathip made his 100th appearance in the J.League and helped Sapporo win.|Chanathip Songkrasin celebrated his 100th appearance in the J.League with an assist for his teammates to help Consadole Sapporo secure three points today (April 24). Japan J. League Week 11 Consadole Sapporo Sapporo Dome vs Vegalta Sendai In this game, Chanathip Songkrasin made his 100th J.League appearance before Chanathip celebrated his 100th appearance with a pass to Tsuyoshi Okashiwa. Jay Bothroyd scored the winning goal two minutes before the end of the match to give Sapporo a 2-1 win over Vegalta Sendai. He opened up after his 100th appearance in the J.League that none of the 100 games were easy and was happy to be able to pay for his teammates to score goals. Consadole Sapporo are 11 points adrift of 14th in the table and will next visit Shonan Bellmare on Sunday, May 2. 
Tanyaporn leads Thai shooting team to practice online |Today (27 Apr 2021) The movement of the Shooting Sports Association of Thailand that although it was during the announcement of Bangkok not to open the stadium, the athletes of the Thai national team did not stop practicing. Prueksakorn The Thai national shooting team, which won the right to compete in the Olympic Games in Tokyo, led the national team athletes to participate in an online training program. SEA Games and Asian Indoor and Martian Arts Games Participate in training sessions in unison Supervised by foreign and Thai trainers of the Shooting Sports Association of Thailand Under His Majesty's Patronage During the COVID-19 pandemic
 2 Thai racers lead the big class in the Jet Ski battle. World Cup World Series 2020-21|Permpol and Sorawit 2 Thai racers have a chance to win the Jet Ski heavyweight championship After 2 Japanese favourites had engine problems in the first 2 motos of the Jet Ski World Championship. Today (April 24) 2-in-1 Jet Ski World Championship Determine the 2 champions of the world's highest prize money "Jet Ski World Cup World Series 2020-21" in Pattaya. Thailand from April 21-25 is a closed competition with no spectators. Entering the 4th day of competition on April 24, it is a professional class with world-class drivers vying for the world's highest prize money. In the 2 Motos of the 4-Moto4 Pro Heavyweight Race, starting with the Pro Ski GrandPrix, where the winner of the 2 races will receive a total of $2.4 million in prize money, the three-time world champion Jeremy Poret of France and 2019 World Series champion Quentin van den Bosch of Belgium will be in the first moto. The best ranking of Thai racer is Nantawat Singhurai. The champion of Thailand took 5th place into 2 Motos, still coming out in the same form that Van den Bosch did not miss a win. There's Morgan Poret who overtook Jeremy. Van den Bosch finished in 2nd place, with Van den Bosch collecting 120 points, Moken Poret with 106 points and Jeremy Poret with 96 points. The challenger Katano tried to chase Supak harder until he missed in the final lap, the boat stumbled, so Supak took 1st place comfortably, and Anon Hongklang also accelerated to overtake Katano in 2nd place, causing the Japanese driver to fall into 3rd place, including 2 Moto Supak 120 points, followed by Katano 101 points, 3rd place Anon and Pierrat 91 points, the same Jet Ski 1,100cc Open (Pro Runabout 1100 Open). Leading from the first lap to the finish line in 1st place, there was Thapatrawat Josannuson in 2nd place and Theera finished thorough in 3rd place, but in Moto 2, the young Thai national team like Thapatrawat fought to start the lead and Permpol could not catch up. This Moto, Thapatrawat is 1st, adds 2nd Pol and 3rd Book Sermsuwan. Make this championship a step up. Thapatrawat and Permpol have the same 113 points, followed by Book and Theera with the same 91 points. The strongest and fastest giant models in the world Jet Ski Ride GP (Pro Runabout GP) where the champion will receive a total prize fund of 2.4 million baht. The first moto was the Japanese side did better than Jun Icoma to take the lead before the boat broke down, but there was still Hajime Isahai. But the Thai racer still had a chance to win with Sorawit Phasuk in 2nd place and Permpol Theerapatphan in 3rd place. Icoma took 1st place. Permpol and Sorawit resulted in a total score of 2 motos, becoming the 2 Thai drivers who led with the same 101 points. Hajime Isahai 90 points and Jun Icoma 87 points.
Myanmar swimmers give up their dreams against junta|Famous swimmers of Myanmar Tokyo Olympic Games will not participate in the Tokyo Games to take a stand against the junta. Today (27 Apr 2021) Win Htet Oo, a famous swimmer in Myanmar. Issued a statement via private Facebook He refused to participate in the Tokyo Olympic Games despite qualifying for the 50-metre freestyle to take a stand against the junta. Under the leadership of senior Gen. Min Aung Hlaing, a violent crackdown has been carried out. Protesters have called on the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to pressure the junta to disqualify Myanmar athletes from the Olympics until power is returned to the people. Win Hate Or, who has been learning to swim since the age of 6 and is currently training in Australia. Now the first Myanmar swimmer to qualify for the Olympic Games, Win Het-Or said: "I don't want to participate in the Tokyo Games. Under the watchful eye of the Olympic Committee, under a regime that inflicts suffering on my compatriots. 
Nong Bua Pichaya parted ways with coach Chuai even led the team to promotion.|Nong Bua Pichaya FC has announced that it will not renew the contract of "Coach Chuai" Somchai Chuayboonchum despite having just created outstanding performances, winning the minor league title until the right to play in the top league for the first time today (April 29, 2021). Leading the team to the top flight for the first time As the champion of Thai League 2, with rumors that the executive board is preparing to contact "Coach Wang" Thawatchai Damrongongtrakul, former head coach of Prachuap FC team, to take over the side. Coach Chuai opened up after hearing the news, admitting that he did not know the reason why the club did not renew his contract. He has never had any conflicts in the past, but respected the decision of the board and thanked the club president for giving him the opportunity to take over the team.
Ratchapracha FC appoints "Coach Ong" to take charge of Thai League 2 team|"Coach Ong" quickly got a new job. Accept the offer Ratchapracha FC to take charge of the Thai League 2 today (29 April 2021) Reporters reported that Ratchapracha FC, a new team in the Thai League 2, announced the appointment of coach Ong Dusit Chalermsaen. Head coach Ong revealed that he was glad to help Ratchapracha team, a team with a long history and reputation in the past, which personally welcomed and fully with every team assigned or worked with, without thinking about what level of team for Coach Ong had already managed the team with many clubs before becoming famous for leading BG Pathum to win the Thai League 2 and Thai League 1 titles continuously within 1 year.
"Singha volunteers" donate supplies to the first center to receive and transfer infected people|Today (4 May 2021) Phraya Pirom Phakdi Foundation and Boon Rawd Brewery Co., Ltd. support food and drinking water to support the work of doctors, nurses, medical personnel, and staff at the first center to receive and refer people infected with COVID-19. Mr. Choti Trachu, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Tourism and Sports, and Mr. Niwat Limsuknirund. Director-General of the Department of Physical Education participated in the handover Since the outbreak of COVID-19 The third wave at the beginning of April. Singha volunteered to provide food support, including fresh food. Frozen Food Providing medical equipment such as Fingertip Pulse Oximeter, etc. to doctors, nurses and medical personnel who work hard to care for COVID-19 patients. The Nimibutr Sports Building has been converted into a reception and referral center to take care of COVID-19 patients while waiting for a bed, a collaboration between the Ministry of Tourism and Sports and the Ministry of Public Health to help ease the burden of Bangkok, which has a large number of infected people left at home. Patients cannot be referred to medical care in time and reduce transmission to family members in part by providing beds to accommodate patients. The 200-bed facility will focus on screening and referral for patients with green level infections and patients will be admitted to the center until they can be transferred to the hospital. There are doctors, nurses, and medical equipment to take care of patients completely.
"Coach Che" won the Olympic Games quota in Jordan is not easy.|Head Coach of Thai Taekwondo Team Accept the quota for the Olympic Games in Jordan Not easy due to COVID-19 precautions, the other couple fought with many nations today (May 12, 2021). Reporters reported that the movement of the Thai Taekwondo team with a program to compete in the Olympic Games quota selection competition. On May 11, in the evening, he trained at the Thailand National Taekwondo Training Center for the second day after returning from his retention in Khao Yai, with Chae Yong Suk controlling the training by himself. For the readiness of athletes for the Olympic Games quota selection kit. Pannapa Hansujin 57kg Ramnarong Sewakviharee 58kg Full fitness Lakchai Huayhongthong Men's 68kg Chae Yong Suk, head coach of the Thai Taekwondo team. Revealing that the trip to win the Olympic quota in Jordan is a lot of work because all 3 categories submitted are the women's 57 kilograms, the women's 58 kilograms and the men's 68 kilograms. The president of the Taekwondo Association of Thailand said that Jordan will hold a bumble selection similar to Thailand badminton, but urged athletes to be careful from training for another 3 days before traveling and during competitions. Athletes from Thailand's only Olympic Games quota now try on the taekwondo uniform that will be used at the Olympic Games in Japan. Focus on tightness so that athletes can be agile in kicking. 
Thailand national football team - 8 officers infected with COVID |The Football Association has announced the results of testing positive for COVID-19 in the collection of the Thai national team. A total of 8 players and officials were infected, including 2 male footballers, 4 officials, and 1 female footballer. Today (8 May 2021) As a result of the Football Association of Thailand, COVID-19 testing has been carried out for athletes and officials of the Thai national team, both men and women, in accordance with the 7-day testing protocol that the association together with the medical team. Conducted during the period of rehearsal. On Friday, May 7, 2021, the results of the examination Six male athletes and officials in Round 1 of the camp tested positive, including two athletes and four officials. Two people tested positive, including one athlete and one official. The association held a meeting with the team doctor, in which the team doctor diagnosed that the infection could occur both before and after the first round of testing that took place on April 30, even after the first dose of vaccination had already been administered. At the same time, guidelines have been put in place to ensure maximum safety, with the conclusions from the meeting as follows: 1. Those who test positive will be contacted by a doctor to check their symptoms and ask for a timeline, which the association has already submitted their names and contact information, and coordinated for those who have tested positive to be admitted and processed by the Ministry of Public Health.2. All athletes and officials who test negative are required to quarantine in their rooms. To ensure the safety of both athletes and those around them, it is not recommended to leave the camp where the camp area is isolated from outsiders. Visitors must collect samples at the property every 3-5 days to make sure that the group is no longer infected. To prepare for the 23rd dose of vaccination. Individual meals are provided and will be delivered to athletes and officials who are staying separately. To reduce risk4. In order to reassure the athletes and officials of the Thai national team, the training format may be adjusted to suit the situation. Like the women's soccer team, the association has submitted the names and contact information of infected people to the Ministry of Public Health for treatment. Meanwhile, Those who test negative will be quarantined in their camp rooms for observation and tested every 3-5 days to ensure they are sterile before returning to their hometowns. Football Association of Thailand Please be informed that the accommodation and training facilities of the national team camp under the COVID-19 pandemic situation have been separated from the rest of the venue, with all dining rooms and training venues being closed. We encourage those infected to return to good health soon.
Thai rowing boat wins more Olympic tickets|Sivakorn Wongpin and Nawamin Deenoi Thailand National Rowing Team Partners Successfully won the quota for the Tokyo Olympic Games. After the International Rowing Federation guaranteed, both were eligible to participate in the new quota allocation conditions. Despite finishing 8th in the Asian qualifiers. The International Rowing Federation (FISA) has announced the good news to the Rowing Association of Thailand. Late on May 14, the announcement confirmed that Sivakorn Wongphin and Nawamin Deenoi Men's doubles rowing athletes were allocated quotas and qualified for the Olympic Games. The 32nd in Japan Sivakorn and Nawamin finished 2nd in the final B and finished 8th in the rowing competition qualifying for the Olympic Games. The Asian and Oceania zones in Japan, which feature talented athletes from various Asian countries. Travel to the race Earlier this month, however, the federation's commitment was to distribute Olympic quotas to as many member nations as possible. Although some nations have qualified for the final round of many seats, but it is necessary to choose to submit the competition by selecting only 1 category, so the right fell to the next rank, and the pair of Sivakorn and Nawamin were informed by the federation that they would be eligible and get quota to participate in the 2-man rowing doubles category. Sivakorn and Nawamin became the 23rd and 24th athletes to win a quota for the Tokyo Olympic Games for Thailand. At the same time, he is also the 3rd and 4th rowing athlete to qualify for the Olympic Games final. After Buddharaksa Nikri who has participated 4 times and Charuvat At this time, both the couple and the Thai national rowing team are still undergoing 14-day quarantine for observation and surveillance for COVID-19 at Golden Tulip Sovereign Hotel. Rama 9 after returning from Japan to Thailand late last week.
Open Timeline "Thai rubber team" infected with COVID-19 |Nakhon Pathom Provincial Public Health Office has revealed the timeline of the 26-man Thai women's national volleyball team who contracted COVID-19 during a training session in Nakhon Pathom province and had to withdraw from the team to compete in the Nations League in Italy. Found mostly in camps. There is a shuttle bus to the hotel in case the Volleyball Association of Thailand Issued a statement withdrawing the team from the Nations League which will be held in Italy. During 25 May-19 June 2021 A total of 26 people tested positive for COVID-19 in a quarantine camp in Nakhon Pathom province today (May 13, 2021). The Nakhon Pathom Provincial Public Health Office summarized the timeline of the 35 athletes and officials who tested positive for COVID-19 as follows: Bubble seal training (internal, no spectators) at the 4,000-seat stadium, Nakhon Pathom Municipality, and stayed overnight on the 4th floor of Vail Hotel, Nakhon Pathom.In addition, 11 high-risk people, including 7 hotel employees, drivers and 4 municipal officials, tested positive for the virus into the quarantine system of Nakhon Pathom province. Screening for COVID-19 Proactive 22 hotel staff tested positive for COVID-19 in Nations League  
Federer withdrew from the French tournament despite reaching the round of 16.|Don't be a jerk...!! Federer has withdrawn from the French Open after beating his opponent to reach the last 16. Clarified the need to save his body for use throughout the season, Roger Federer said. The Swiss men's singles tennis player has withdrawn from the French Open after beating German rival Dominic Koepfer to reach the last 16 by Federer. The 39-year-old winner of 20 Grand Slam titles has explained why he had to undergo two knee surgeries and spent more than a year recovering before returning to play. He doesn't want to put too much pressure on himself or his body. Federer's withdrawal pic.twitter.com/70C8RYr69J leave No. 9 Matteo Barrettini of Italy in the round of 16. The winner of the quarter-finals will face Novak. World No. 1 Djokovic of Serbia and Lorenzo Musetti, a 19-year-old teenager from Italy
President of the Serbian Volleyball Association Apologies for the dramatic knot, the picture pulled the tail of the eye.|President of the Volleyball Association of Serbia Send a letter of apology to the Volleyball Association of Thailand In case the athlete performs slanted eyes or pulling the tail of both eyes to look like a tee. 
It has been criticized as an act of racism against Asians and urged an investigation into the facts. Today (4 June 2021) Air Vice Admiral Chakrasuwan Tocharoen Secretary General, Volleyball Association of Thailand Reveals the incident that occurred in the Volleyball Nations League 2021 between Thailand and Serbia national team. On June 1, 2021, during a match, Serbia international defender Slanted Eyes, or pulling two eyes into a racist Asian manner, drew criticism of his recent inappropriate actions. Mr. Zoran Gajik The President of the Serbian Volleyball Association along with the Secretary-General of the Association sent a letter of apology and condolences for the actions of the Serbian national volleyball team players to the Volleyball Association of Thailand. It blamed the athletes' actions for inappropriate behavior and prepared to consider penalties. The Volleyball Association of Thailand affirms that it does not condone any form of racism in any form and that the incident shall be at the discretion of the International Volleyball Federation. and the Serbian Volleyball Association. Read related news "Delight Jit" swinging Serbian players Clarify the dramatic knot, pull the tail of the eye. 
Brazil vote to compete in Copa America|Brazilian footballers Boycott cancelled Copa America Despite being upset that his hometown played the role of host amid Covid issues. As the Brazilian High Court Brazil has been suspended due to rumours that the Brazilian national football team, led by superstars, is based in Europe. Botcott is set to gather for the Copa America on June 11 due to dissatisfaction with the tournament being held in Brazil despite the COVID-19 pandemic. Brazil's most recent high-profile players. Led by Neymar, the team's top scorer. Post messages through your own social media "Although they were not happy with the actions of the South American Football Federation that chose Brazil as their host and did not want the Copa America to become a political issue, they changed their minds because they had never considered refusing to play for the national team." Brazil plans to call an emergency meeting on Thursday. To determine whether to allow or announce the suspension of the arrangement. The Copa America in Brazil is scheduled to open on Sunday.
Spain agitated captain caught Covid ahead of Euro debut|Camp "Bull Fighting" Confirmation results Busquets, the captain of the team, has contracted COVID-19 despite being scheduled to play Euro 2020 in the next eight days today (June 7, 2021). Barcelona captain Sergio Busquets has tested positive for COVID-19, according to a Spanish football federation. Busquets will be isolated from his teammates for further quarantine for personal contact with Busquets, quarantine and awaiting further test results, while other players will have to isolate in training, while Spain's warm-up fixture against Lithuania on Tuesday, June 8 will require players from Spain's under-21 national team to play as substitutes for Spain. UEFA Euro 2020 vs Sweden on June 14 National team coaches are allowed to change the squad by June 12.
Channel 11 Live Streaming UEFA Euro 2020|Thailand Television Station The UEFA Euro 2020 match from the opening Group A match between Italy and Turkey until the final will be broadcast live for free to Thai people on June 10, 2021. The NBT Facebook page has confirmed that the Euro 2020 Group A match between Italy and Turkey will be broadcast live on June 12 at 2 a.m. NBT is preparing to hold a press conference today about the details of the broadcast match for the public to be officially informed again of the UEFA European Championship. Euro 2020 kicks off today (June 11) with the opening ceremony at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome, Italy, starting at 1 a.m. (early morning on June 12). Fans are allowed. 25% of stadium capacity, or about 17,500 people.   
Thai swimmer wins 2 Olympic tickets from "Jenjira-Navaporn"|The Thai team received good news. When 2 Thai swimmers Won the quota to compete in the "Tokyo Games", making the total number of Thai athletes who will compete in this Olympics. Increased to 29 today (23 June 2021) Reporters reported that the Olympic Games will officially open in the next 1 month on July 23. International Swimming Federation or "FINA", Swimming Association of Thailand Grant "Wild Card" to Swimming Association of Thailand Athletes were sent to compete in the Tokyo Games, with the right to go to Jenjira Srisaad who passed the accumulated points. In the women's 50m freestyle and Nawaporn Wongcharoen who passed the criteria. In the men's 200m butterfly, which is considered to be a participation in the Olympic Games. It's the first time for both of them, too. According to the recent good news of the Swimming Association, As a result, the total number of Thai athletes competing in the Tokyo Games has increased to 29. 
Thailand national football team players Invite donations to help children with COVID-19 in Khon Kaen|Thailand national football team players Donate diapers, milk powder, and baby clothes to children with COVID-19 aged 3-4 years at Khon Kaen Hospital today (July 1, 2021). Mr. Jaturapat Sattham, a 22-year-old Thai national football team player and Port Authority football player, posted on Facebook. Most of the infected people are children aged 3-4 years old who are currently being treated at Khon Kaen Hospital. Towels, diapers, soap, toothbrushes, toothpaste, baby bibs, neck tags, baby mugs, toys can be donated at the Children's Building. Khon Kaen Hospital or transfer to account Khon Kaen Hospital Foundation #บัญชีออมทรัพย์ธนาคารกรุงไทย Khon Kaen Branch Account Name #มูลนิธิโรงพยาบาลขอนแก่น No. 40507133491. If you want to specify the purpose, please call 043-009-900 ext. 4039, 043-236-042 for example, to buy supplies for patients.2. Your receipt is eligible for 1x tax deduction.3. The remaining income will be used to purchase medical supplies and supplies that are in short supply at Khon Kaen Hospital. Next, Khon Kaen Hospital Address No. 54 Srichan Rd. T.Naimuang, A.Muang, Khon Kaen, Khon Kaen 40000 Khon Kaen Hospital)   
Honoring female volleyball players Build a reputation around the world to know Thailand.|"Gen. Prawit" as President of the Thai Olympic Presented plaques and commemorative medals to female volleyball players who have made their mark in Thailand. After competing in Italy for the last time before retiring from the national team. Today (6 Jul 2021) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister as Chairman of the Olympic Committee of Thailand His Majesty the King presided over the ceremony to award plaques and commemorative medals to the Association and the Thai women's national volleyball team, especially the 7 athletes who retired from the national team, namely Wilawan Apinyapong, Malika Kanthong, Orauma Sitthirak, Amporn Yapha, Pluemjit Tinkhao, Nusara. Thom Kham and Thapaiphan Gen. Prawit said on behalf of the Olympic Committee of Thailand and the people of Thailand. Thank you to the President of the Volleyball Association of Thailand and the players of the Thai women's national volleyball team who have sacrificed their time and effort to make a contribution and create a reputation for the sport and the nation for more than 20 years, as evidenced by various performances starting from 2001 when the Thai national team won the gold medal at the SEA Games for the first time. Having won both Brazil and the United States, and in the first Asian Games, he also won a gold medal, which is the pride of the Thai people and makes the world know Thailand and Thai culture, and on the occasion of 7 athletes to bid farewell to the Thai national team.
Japan Olympics 2020 - August 8|NT broadcasts the 2020 Olympics live from Tokyo to the Combined Television Authority of Thailand. Thai people will be able to watch and cheer for the athletes during July 23 – August 8. After postponing the competition from the previous year. Due to COVID-19 today (July 19, 2021) Mr. Apichart Sawan Khamthorn, Executive Vice President Product Group Plc. National Telecommunications (NT) revealed that NT is ready to provide live broadcasting services. The 32nd Olympic Games or the 2020 Olympics from Tokyo, Japan for people in Thailand to watch and cheer closely on the sidelines. A total of 33 sports and 50 sports will be contested in a total of 339 events from July 23 to July 8. It was postponed from 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic for the 2020 Olympic Games live broadcast. Nonthaburi is the main receiving station. The service receives signals directly from Tokyo, Japan via Asiasat 5 satellite, which consists of 13 television channels, including 12 Sport Program channels and 1 Olympic Channel News channel. Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC), Soi Chaengwattana 5, to transmit news programs and live broadcasts of each sport. To the Combined Special Purpose Television Authority of Thailand (TRT), which is mainly responsible for broadcasting live to viewers nationwide, including NBT, ThaiPBS, GMM, News TV, True4You, PPTV.
Team Thailand is awesome! Win the AWC 2021 ROV Esports Game World Championship  |Thai Team Wins Esports World Championship The Arena of Valor World Cup or AWC 2021, a mobile MOBA game in ROV, defeated the Taiwanese team by a score of 4-3 on July 18, 2021. The Arena of Valor World Cup (AWC 2021), an esports event, will be held in 2021. The final ROV mobile MOBA game will compete for a $200,000 prize pool this year by representing Thailand's Dtac x Talon (DTN) team against the Most Outstanding Player (MOP) team. From Taiwan, the final started at 4 p.m., with Thailand leading the first 2 games before being tied 2-2 before Thailand overtook again and was tied 3-3, forcing the champion to decide the champion in the seventh game. As a result, DTN won 4-3 to win the RoV AWC 2021 World Championship, where the 1st place winner will receive a trophy and a cash prize of 200,000 USD. The second place will receive $110,000 in prize money for The Arena of Valor World Cup, also known as AWC. The tournament was held online. Full offer virtual environment simulation from June 19-18. Last July  
"Suthasinee" defeated Japan 4-0 in the round of 16 Olympic table tennis|"Suthasinee" defeated world No. 2 Mima Ito Hosts Japan 4-0 in the round of 16 Table tennis at the 2020 Olympic Games made history as the deepest qualifier of Thai table tennis players.
Today (27 Jul 2021) Table tennis at the 2020 Olympic Games – Women's singles round of 16 "Women" Suthasinee Svetrabut, table tennis player 26-year-old Thai woman world No. 41 No. 22 in the tournament meets world No. 2 Mima Ito. No. 3 in the competition from the host country Japan. The 20-year-old, who won gold in mixed doubles at the Olympic Games and bronze medal in women's team at the 2016 Olympic Games, beat Suthasinee Svetrabutr 4-0 (11-7, 11-6, 11-9, 11-7). The No. 7 seed from South Korea beat world No. 108 Liu Jia. The No. 55 seed from Austria won 4-1 while Suthasinee did his best to reach the last 16 of the Olympic Games, making history as the deepest qualifier for Thai table tennis.
Ratchanok wins badminton at Tokyo Games|"May" Ratchanok Inthanon, one of Thailand's medal hopes Beat competitors from Hungary He made his debut at the Tokyo Games, while Juthathip missed out on a medal. After failing to finish riding in a road bike today (July 25, 2021) Badminton at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan "May" Ratchanok Inthanon made her debut in women's singles against Laura Sarosi. Hungarian athlete, world No. 72 Ratchanok used his skills and experience to beat his opponents in two games in a row with scores of 21-5 and 21-10, with Ratchanok playing the final match of the first round to secure a ticket to the finals against Sonia Xia. World No. 29 Malaysia, ranked No. 29 on Wednesday, July 28, is another hopeful of winning Thailand's medal in mixed doubles. Dechapol Puavaranukroh and Sapsiree Taerattanachai are guaranteed to win tickets to the quarter-finals. 21 21 In the women's doubles, Jongkolpan Kititharakul and Ravinda Prajong lost to Kim So Yeon and Kong Hee Young of South Korea 0-2 games with scores of 19-21 and 22-24. No chance of qualifying. After losing to the Chinese pair earlier, Jongkolpan and Rwinda will play their final match of the first round against Gabriela and Stephanie of Bulgaria's Stoeva on Tuesday, July 27. Second round or round of 64 Thip Orawan Paranang World No. 88 bouncer The 24-year-old, who is participating in the Olympic Games for the first time, overcame world No. 51 Hana Matelova of the Czech Republic 4-2 to advance to the last 32 against Kasumi. Japan's No. 5 and No. 10 Ishikawa will face No. 1 and No. 40 Sutasinee Svetrabutr of Japan tomorrow (July 26), while Thailand's No. 1 and No. 40 Suthasinee Svetrabutr will face Chile's Maria Polina. Elizabeth Samara, ranked No. 15 in Romania, will play on Tuesday, July 27, on the first day of sailing and windsery. There were 3 Thai athletes competing, starting from Bam Kamolwan. Chan Yim from the laser radian sailing boat that today competed in 2 rounds, it appears that Kamolwan came in 27th in the first round and 32nd in the second round. Finished 33rd overall out of 44 boats in the windsurfing section. Today 3 laps in the men's RSX category. mohammed abdullah Scored three rounds, ranked last, 25th, while RSX women's Dao Siriporn Kaewduangngam performed the best. In the first round, the 10th place, the second round ranked 20th and the third round ranked 10th, eliminated 1 round, resulting in a total of 20 points, in 13th place, there is still a chance to enter the last 10 boats in the medal round, which qualifiers will finish on July 29 and compete on July 31. Still have a chance to finish at the Olympics. After participating 3 times, but still unable to finish the race.
"May" Ratchanok They beat Malaysian baddies 2-1 to reach the last 16.|"May" Ratchanok Inthanon defeated Sonia Hsu Ya 2-1 in the women's singles badmin. The group stage qualified for the last 16 with scores of 19-21, 21-18, 21-10 today (July 28, 2021). Inthanon, the No. 5 seed, will face Sonia Hsia Su Ya of Malaysia in the women's singles badminton tournament. In the first game, May Ratchanok missed out 19-21 before coming back to win 21-18 in the second game. In the end, "May Ratchanok" won 21-10 to advance to the round of 16 for the women's singles match on July 29. Thailand's mixed doubles "Bas" Dechapol Puavaranukroh and "Popo" Sapsiree Taerattanachai vs Yuta Watanabe and Arisa Higashino, ranked No. 5 from Japan, in the quarter-finals, "Bas Popo" collected the first game 21-15 to lead Japan 1-0 before the host team overturned the tie 1-1 from the 2nd game to 21-1 21 6. 
One point miss! The 58-year-old target shooter is waiting for a chance to make it to the Olympic finals.|"Sam" Savet Setthaporn, Thai national target shooter The 58-year-old scored 74 points, equal to the remaining four athletes, in the men's trap category, with two sets left to compete in the top six finals for the 2020 Olympics today (July 28, 2021). Target shooting competition at the 32nd Olympic Games "Tokyo 2020" at Asaka Shooting Range in Tokyo, Japan "Sam" Savet Setthaporn, target shooter Men's Trap Type The 58-year-old made his Olympic debut on the first day of qualifying. There will be 29 athletes competing, which will be 3 sets of 25 points each, for a total of 75 points, while on day 2, the remaining 2 sets will be fired, for a total of 50 points, while for a total of 2 days, 5 sets will be 125 points to select 6 athletes to qualify for the final for "Sam" Savet Setthaporn, who is ranked 65th in the world. In the first set of qualifiers, he scored 24 points, missing only one point, with 9 opponents who scored a full 25 points, but in the 2nd set, Savet did well, shot a full 25 points, came up to 5th place with 49 points, but at the end of the 3rd set, Savet scored 25 points, making a total of 3 sets of 74 points, summed up in the first 3 sets of qualifying, "Sam" Savet Setthaporn was in 2nd place, scored 74 points (24-25-25), equal to 4 other athletes, making it to the finals with 2 sets of 50 points, with Abdulrahman Alfaihan (Kuwait), ranked 20th in the world, 1st with 74 points (24-25-25), 3rd place Mauro de Philippis, world No. 1. Italian 74 points (25-24-25) 4th Jiri Liptak (Czech Republic) 74 points (25-24-25) 5th Marco Gian Berti (San Marino) 74 Score (25-35-24) No. 6 Alberto Fernandez (Spain) World No. 2 73 points (23-25-25) Because there are 5 athletes who have scored the same 74 points. If the score is equal, it will be determined by the targets who missed their shots, with Savat missing in the 52nd, the Kuwaiti athlete missing in the 58th, Italy missing in the 30th and checking in the 29th for the fixture. Trap Men "Sam" Savet Setthaporn on July 29 at 7:50 a.m. Qualifying Day 2 and 1:30 p.m. Final 
"Atiwit" hit 7 birdies to rank 2nd in the opening round of the 2020 Olympic Golf Championship.|Atiwit Jaenwattananond "Pro Jazz"  Thailand National Golf Team He made a birdie on the final hole to finish the first round with a 7-under-par 64 to rank second in singles at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games in Japan. Today (29 Jul 2021) Golf at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 The competition won a total of 2 gold medals. Men's and women's events will be held from July 29 to August 1, while the women's tournament will be held from August 4 to 7. Men's 7,447 yards Women's 6,648 yards by the Golf Association of Thailand by Mr. Rangsarit Laksitanond The president of the association sent 4 representatives of the national team. Men's category consisted of Atiwit Jaenwattananon, Pro Jazz and Kanj Charoenkul (Prokanj). Meanwhile, the women's category, consisting of Papankorn Thawatthanakit (Promeo) and Areeya Jutanukarn (Prome), finished the first day of competition in the men's category on Thursday, July 29, 2021. The race was stopped at 2:00 p.m. local time before resuming at 4:15 p.m. The 25-year-old competes in Group 13 alongside Canada's Mackenzie Hughes and Sweden's Alex Noran. Jazz made three more birdies on holes 10, 11 and 13 before closing the day with a birdie on the 18th hole for a total of 7-under-par 64, one stroke behind the leader. The Austrian golfer scored an 8-under-par 63 with eight birdies and the best round at the Olympic Games, equalling the record set by Matt Kuchar of the United States at the Rio Games in 2016, while Kanj Charoenkul, who plays in the group of 10, lost 2 bogeys on holes 3 and 7 before making birdies on the 8th hole. Ortiz Mexico's Joachim Hansen (6-under-par 65), Denmark's Joachim Hansen and Venezuela's Jonathan Vegas (5-under-par 66) scored a 5-under-par 66, while world No. 5 Alexander Schaffel of the United States scored a 3-under-par 68. Japanese golfer scored a 2-under-par 69 at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games First Round(-8) 63 Sepp Straka (Austria)(-7) 64 Atiwit Jaenwattananon (Thailand)(-6) 65 Thomas Peters (Belgium), Carlos. Ortiz (Mexico)(-5) 66 Joachim Hansen (Denmark), Jonathan Vegas (Venezuela) . Xander Schaffel (USA), Kim Si-woo (South Korea), Victor Hovland (Denmark) (-2) 69 Hideki Matsuyama (Japan), Abraham Ancher (Mexico), Rory McIlroy (Ireland), Collins Morikawa (US)(-) 71 Kanj Charoenkul (Thailand), Juston Thomas (US)
May Ratchanok defeated Tai Zhiying in the round of 8 at the Tokyo Badminton Games|Rachnok Inthanon lost to world No. 1 Tai Zhiying of Taiwan 1-2 21-14, 18-21, 18-21 to reach the last 8 of the Tokyo Games women's singles badminton tournament. Today (30 Jul 2021) Badminton at the 2020 Olympic Games Round of 8 "May" Ratchanok Inthanon, Thai shuttlecock slapper Meet current world No. 1 Tai Zhiying from Taiwan, whose record 29 meetings have been tightly contested.  Ratchanok won 14 and lost their first 15 games. Ratchanok played with confidence, winning 21-14 going into the second game. Tai Zhiying scored 5 points away from the game but was chased by Tai Zhiying to overtake Ratchanok to lose 18-21 to decide the winner of the 3rd game, in which the deciding game both fought back to a 18-18 tie before Tai Zhiying played with a crucial point to win 18-21 to qualify for the playoffs to meet Pussala Sindhu, the silver medalist from the Rio Games, and Ratchanok eliminated in the last 8 and still have to wait for a chance to win an Olympic medal. After participating 3 times, the Thai Badminton Association missed out on seeing Thai athletes win their first medal in the Olympic Games. In the next 3 years, in the 2024 Olympics, Thailand will win the quota for a total of 7 competitors.  
Kirin finished 23rd in the men's 10,000 m at the Olympic Games.|Kirin Tantiwet finished 23rd with a time of 29 minutes 01.92 seconds in the men's 10,000 m event. Half Thai-U.S. runner competes for the first time. The island of leaders came in the early stages. Before being knocked out by the leaders. In the end, Kirin finished 23rd out of 25 runners with a time of 29 minutes 01.92 seconds, while the gold medal went to Selemon Bareka of Ethiopia with a time of 27 minutes 43.22 seconds.   
"Chatchai Decha" lost to Cuban fighter eliminated in the last 8 |"Chatchaidecha Sondee" defeated Lazaro Alvarez  Cuban fighter in the 57kg featherweight division with a score of 2: 3 eliminated in the last 8 of the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games today (August 1, 2021) at the Kokukugikan Arena. Tokyo, Japan In the men's featherweight 57 kg division, Chatchaidecha Butdee met Lazaro Alvarez from Cuba through 3 rounds, the fight went smoothly, finishing in 3rd place, Chatchaidecha narrowly lost 2-3 to the last 8 people. I would like to thank my family, children and my wife who have always been by each other's side in times of suffering and happiness, as well as all Thai people who cheer and cheer every time they fight. This Olympic Games will be his last because of his age, but unfortunately he did not reach his dream of competing in the Olympic Games. now The team of 4 Thai fighters at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 managed to advance to the last 8 for a chance to win medals for 3 but now miss out on 2 of them: the men's 57kg Chatchaidecha Butdee who lost to Cuba's Lazaro Alvarez and the women's 51kg Juthamas Jitrapong who lost. Buzenaz Turkey's Shakiroglu left the Thai fighter with the final medal, Sudaporn Sisondee in the 60kg class, who will face Caroline Dubois of Great Britain. Tuesday, Aug. 3 at 10:50 a.m. 
Thai equestrian team withdraws from 2020 Olympics after athletes fall off horse|The Thai equestrian team withdrew from competing at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games after an athlete fell off his horse and refused a jumping machine in a cross country event. On 1 Aug 2021 Equestrian Competition Eventing Cross Country Category At the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020, three Thai athletes competed: Areennattha Chawatanon - Boleybawn Prince, Weerapat Pitakanont - Carnival March and Korthawat Samran - Bonero K. The Olympic Committee of Thailand has informed that as a result of the incident, the equestrian team and the veterinary team decided to withdraw from the hurdle jumping competition on August 2 for the welfare of the horse in the future and to maintain its long-term physical condition. The manager of the Thai equestrian team also informed that the horses and athletes are now safe and free from serious injuries and have returned to the stables at the main course of the competition on the evening of August 1. 
"Isranudom" finished in 20th place. Did not qualify|"Captain" Isranudom Purihiranpat Thailand's Shooting Athletes Competed in the Qualifying Round. In the fast-firing carbine category on Day 2, he scored 284 points, including 2 days, scoring 570 points, 17 points away from 1st place and 12 points from 6th place. Shooting competition at the 32nd Olympic Games "Tokyo 2020" at Asaka Shooting Range in Tokyo, Japan, leaving only one Thai athlete to compete, Isranudom Purihiranpat, or "Captain". 17-year-old athlete, the youngest Thai athlete In the fast-firing carbine category. Day 2 Qualifier with a total of 27 athletes competing in the rapid fire carbine shooting competition. Each athlete will shoot 5 targets at a time, with 3 types of shots, starting from 5 shots 8 seconds, 2 times for a total of 10 sets, for a total of 100 points, type 2, 5 shots for 6 seconds, 2 times, for a total of 10 sets, for a total of 100 points, and the last type shooting 5 shots 4 seconds, 2 times, for a total of 10 sets, for a total of 100 points. 300 points per day for a total of 2 days 600 points to select the 6 athletes with the best scores to enter the finals in the first day of qualifying. Stage 1 Isranudom was ranked 14th with 286 points (97-97-92), 11 points away from 1st place and 7 points from 6th place. No. 1 finalist Christian Reitz of Germany is the world record holder. He won the 2016 Olympics in Brazil and the bronze medal at the 2008 Olympics in China. It is currently ranked 5th in the world. World No. 2 Sean Gieguampox of France and 2016 Olympic silver in Brazil scored 586-24x points (297-289), 3rd place Han Dae-yoon (South Korea) 585-22x points (295-290), 4th place Lin Junmin (China), 2019 World Championships champion and 2018 Asian Games silver medalist in Indonesia, scored 584-20x points (294-290). 5th place Luris Pupo (Cuba) 2012 Olympic gold medalist scored 583-21x points (290-293)6th place Li Yue Hong (China) 2016 Olympic bronze medalist scored 582-28x points (292-290) for the final. A rapid-fire pistol category with 6 athletes competing in the finals will shoot in tandem. Each set of 2 players using the same target will randomly shoot who will be in the box 1-6, who shoots into the circle with a score of 9.7 points or more, it is considered 1 hit or 1 point, one set will shoot 5 shots within 4 seconds, there will be a full score of 5 hits or 5 points, starting from the 1st to the 6th person, each person will shoot from the first set to the 4th set with a full score of 20 points. In the fifth set, there will be 5 shooters left to eliminate the 5th place. In sets of 6 to 4, the 4th place winner will be eliminated. Set of 7 to 3 players will select the 3rd place winner and the person who goes out will get the bronze medal until 2 athletes are left to compete for the championship. In the 8th shootout, 5 more points, whoever wins gets the gold medal. Whoever loses will get the silver medal with a total of 40 points, but if the 1st and 2nd place finishes the same score, they will continue to shoot one set at a time, with 5 points each, until they win the championship.
"Sudaporn" enters semi-finals, guarantees Olympic bronze medal|Sudaporn Sisondee became Thailand's first female boxer to win an Olympic Games medal. The latter beat the score. The fighter from Great Britain has reached the semi-finals, guaranteeing a bronze medal today (August 3, 2021). Women's Amateur Boxing Olympic Games Quarter-finals or Bronze Medal Round at Ryogoku Kokugikan Stadium Thai Boxing Team wins medal from women's 60 kg lightweight "Taew" mohammed abd razak The 29-year-old is a world champion and Asian Games runner-up. Udon Thani people Meet Caroline Dubois Rising Star Boxer 20-year-old Youth Olympic Games gold medalist From the United Kingdom This pair is also left-handed. First round Sudaporn Sisondee walked towards him due to his disadvantage during the fight, which was a one-two punch to the face and body. Caroline Dubois was going to announce that at the end of this round, the score was 3 to 2, 2 votes, Sudaporn tried to control the game and took the second stroke, punched Dubois in the face with several punches, but at the end of this round, all 5 judges scored a draw. Must compete for the winner in the final round, lift 3 is Sudaporn who came to the trap punch in the middle of the lift and the end of the lift more noticeably, complete the slash win by 3 to 2 votes, successfully qualified for the semi-finals, guaranteed the bronze medal and became the first female boxer in Thailand to win an Olympic medal. For the semi-finals Sudaporn Sisondee will meet old rival Kelly Harrington. Irish boxer, world champion Sudaporn's old rival had lost at the World Championships in India. 2 years ago, they will fight on August 5.
"Orsa" was so excited that he did not perform well, missed out on the semi-finals of the canoe. |"Aoi " Orsa Thiangkratok, Thai rower Admittedly, the timing was not as good as expected. The thrill of competing in the Olympics for the first time in my life. Missed out on the semi-finals. Hope to make amends again in Paris 2024 today (Aug 4, 2021) Canoeing at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan is a women's 200m sprint competition divided into 5 heats. The rest of the athletes will compete in the quarter-finals. To defend the quota for the semi-finals again. For the results of the first round, Thai athlete "Aoi Arsa" Thiangkratok competed in Heat 3, the result turned out to be finishing in 5th place with a time of 48.262 seconds. Arsa Yu Heat 1 finished fifth with a time of 48.559 seconds. After the match, Orsa said she was not happy with the time she had achieved this time, which was lower than expected. Two weeks before the race, he tried to adjust his technique to reduce the impact on this spot, but he stopped training for a while when the coach took charge of the team to compete in Russia. As a result, he forgot some rowing technique and affected the time he used to do better, and this is the first Olympic Games. Admittedly very excited.
History "Taew Sudarporn" Olympic bronze medal fist|Sew the bronze medal! Sudarporn" makes history First Thai female boxer to win medal at Olympic Games From the women's 60kg boxing tournament as soon as the bell rings. Thai people both on and off the field almost stop breathing. Sudaporn Si teaches well, right jab opens, left hook to target. Swapping punches with "Kelly Harrington." The Irish fighter was close despite losing by a vote of 2-3. Sudaporn made history by winning the bronze medal in women's boxing 60 kg at the 2020 Olympics. A little girl in a small family boxing camp in Udon Thani. Before taking his first steps in the Muay Thai ring at the age of 11, a young girl had to take punches, knees and elbows amid cheers on the Phuthon boxing ring, grinding her teeth to win prize money for her family. After years of rigorous training, there was no sign of competing, and the income began to deteriorate, causing Taew to almost drop his card and jump out of the ring again. The dreams that had once faded began to sharpen. Taeo was given the opportunity to make his international debut at the 2011 SEA Games in Indonesia. This jab punch from this little girl chili pepper knocked down the pair of punches until winning the gold medal back for the whole country "Taew". Let's keep fighting. Unleash an experienced punch set with bruises, fatigue and tears to win the silver medal at the 2013 SEA Games in Myanmar. He won a silver medal at the 2018 Asian Games in Indonesia and a gold medal at the 2019 SEA Games in the Philippines before knocking out the Uzbekistan fighter with a left hook to win his ticket to the 2020 Olympics. Answer everyone with joy. After the referee gave her a hand to win the quarter-finals today. Sudaporn, 29, lifted his guard high, unleashed a straight punch with a fighter spirit that carried the hopes and pride of his family, including his father, who died 7 years ago. Read related news "Sudaporn" enters semi-finals, guarantees Olympic bronze medal to open silver injection 2 Olympic medal heroes "Nong Tennis - Taew Sudaporn" 
Open your mind! Olympic bronze medalist Taew wants to use his prize to buy his mom a new home.|Dreams come true! Sudaporn Sisondee won the bronze medal at the 2020 Olympics and opened up about this victory as a life-changing moment. Prepare to use the prize money to buy a new house for your mother and buy medical equipment to donate to the hospital today (August 8, 2021). Sudaporn Sisondee won the bronze medal in women's 60 kg boxing at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan. The International Olympic Committee Committee members congratulated "Taew Sudaporn" and opened up about this achievement, saying that winning an Olympic bronze medal was like turning a life around in the blink of an eye. Everything I ever dreamed of was a goal I had been waiting for for 9 years, even telling myself throughout my journey to Japan. To reinforce Thai athletes on the 2020 Olympic stage that if this time is not fulfilled, they will try to fight again at the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris. France, but finally, "Taew Sudaporn has made history in women's boxing. Serving in the Navy was an initial success, but Taew Sudaporn was still looking for a way to make a living by opening a small coffee shop to generate income for his family and hoping to buy land near his hometown for farming and gardening. Sudaporn emphasized that today's success would not have been possible without all the boxing friends in the national team who have been training side by side. A coaching staff who takes care of the hard-working staff until they are strong. The Boxing Association gave the opportunity The Chairman of Technical Development who has always supported and taught him, including important personalities such as his parents who have inspired him to take his first steps in the boxing ring since he was little, and the Commander of the Royal Thai Navy, Admiral Chatchai Sriworakan, who supported and rewarded him by enlisting in the Navy to secure his life. 
The closing ceremony of the Tokyo Games is simple. Paris 2024 |Japan holds simple closing ceremony for Tokyo 2020 Games Hand over the racket to France as the next host. In "Paris 2024" On 8 Aug 2021 Closing Ceremony Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games at Olympic Stadium, Tokyo, Japan The closing ceremony emphasized the symbolic display from the athletes' march into the stadium in no order to represent the celebration of achievement together, and then the filming technique was used to show the lights that represent all the athletes in the stadium floating up to form the 5 hoops symbol of the Olympics, as if it were the spirit of athletes from all nations. Forged into one. Medals were also awarded to marathon winners. This was followed by the host's performances, including modern dance and music, combined with dance and music rituals of people from different regions across Japan, followed by Thomas Bach's official closing remarks. The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) praised all athletes for inspiring people around the world. Use sports as one, before finishing with a fire in a torch pot. It ended the Tokyo Games perfectly with the Olympic flames. The closing ceremony of #Tokyo2020 concludes with a spectacular fireworks display. Above the skies of Tokyo, Japan, #ThaiPBS #ClosingCeremony #โอลิมปิกเกมส์ pic.twitter.com/MJmBLnXHWg host of the next Olympic Games, France. We have prepared 3 welcome performances, including saxophone blowing from the International Space Station, as well as a tour of Paris. The Roof Top of Paris to the Eiffel Tower, which is armed with the largest Olympic 2024 flag in history, also features a festive atmosphere of French people preparing to host before culminating with the flight of France's world's oldest stunt squadron.   
"May-Ratchanok" lost her mother suddenly - waiting for her father to recover from COVID|"May-Ratchanok" posted the sudden loss of her mother this morning (Aug 19) after suffering from suffocation. I'm sorry I didn't get the medal I dreamed of. Mr. Winatchai, whose father is still recovering from COVID-19, the autopsy results for acute heart failure today (August 19, 2021). Miss Ratchanok Inthanon or "May", the national badminton team player of Thailand. Kamphan Suwannasara, who belongs to her mother, posted on Facebook that she had lost her mother. Suwansala On the morning of August 19th, After suffering from suffocation and dying while being taken to the hospital, Thailand's No.1 badminton player posted a message on her mother's Facebook page: "Hello, it's May, this was 6 years ago today. You've always been strong. I've always been worried about the people around me. May apologized for showing her mother the medal she had dreamed of had not yet been reported by May's father, Mr. Winatchai Inthanon. Infected with COVID-19, hospitalized As for the test results of Mrs. Khamphan. No infection was detected, and after the autopsy, the family is still waiting for the event to be held again. Because he had to wait for Mr. Winatchai to recover from COVID-19 before sports fans came to join in to offer condolences to May Ratchanok. Because it is considered a sudden loss of his mother on the side of Mr. Pattapol Ngernsrisuk. The director of Ban Thongyod Badminton School said that the autopsy results showed that Mae Kham Phan died from acute heart failure. The cause is due to coronary artery disease, which is a sad thing that no one expects. 
"Rungroj" wins bronze medal at Table Tennis Paralympic Games 2020|"Rungroj Thainiyom" won the bronze medal in the men's individual table tennis class 6 semi-finals. After losing to world No. 2 Peter Rosenmeier. From Denmark today (28 August 2021) Table Tennis Tournament at Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium Men's Individual Class 6 Semi-finals "Rungroj Thainiyom" The 2012 London Games gold medalist and 2016 Rio Games bronze medalist meets world No. 2 Peter Rosenmeier. The 37-year-old Danish, a two-time champion in Rio 2016 and Beijing 2008, won 1-3 8-11, 7-11, 13-11, 5-11 to knock the Thai bouncer out of the last four and win the bronze medal, the second medal for Thai athletes at the 2020 Paralympic Games. Chana, who won a bronze medal in fencing earlier. However, Glory still has one medal left to win in the men's doubles.
Pongsakorn Paiyeo wins wheelchair racing gold medal |"Chaokorn" Pongsakorn Paiyeo wins first gold medal for Thai Paralympic team In the men's 400m wheelchair racing class, the T53 class broke the world record with a time of 46.61 seconds today (Aug. 29, 2021). At the Tokyo 2020 Paralympics at the Olympic Stadium, Thailand won a medal in the men's 400m wheelchair racing T53 class featuring Pongsakorn Paiyeo. "Chaokorn", who was on track 5, got off to a great start, overtaking in the last 200 meters before crossing the finish line first with a time of 46.61 seconds, breaking the previous world record holder Ben Lagatos by 0.21 seconds for Ben Lagatos. Athletes from the Paralympic Committee of Russia 49.41 seconds   
"Ronaldo" Signed for Man U2 team|Manchester United announce signing Cristiano Ronaldo has signed a two-year contract with an option to extend for an additional year.
Today (31 Aug 2021) Manchester United have announced the signing of Cristiano Ronaldo, 36, has officially joined the club on a two-year contract with an option to extend for an additional year. He is also hoping for a successful season in the future, which is estimated to cost around £380,000-a-week and wears the No.7 or No.28 shirt.Cristiano Ronaldo plays at club level. 1. Sporting Lisbon 1 season, scoring 5 goals in 33 games, 2. Man Utd 6 seasons, scoring 118 goals in 292 games3. Real Madrid 9 seasons, scoring 450 goals in 438 games and 4. Juventus scored 101 goals in 134 games for the club, scoring 674 goals in 897 games, winning 30 major titles, including 3 Premier League titles, 2 La Liga titles with Real Madrid, 2 Serie A titles with Juventus, 1 European Championship and Portugal, scoring 109 goals for Portugal, the most of all time. Ali Dai has won the Ballon d'Or 5 times, the UEFA Champions League 5 times, the U1 Men U1 and Madrid 4 times.
"CR7" Comeback! Ronaldo wears Man Utd number 7 shirt again |"CR7" Comeback! "Cristiano Ronaldo" is back wearing the No.7 shirt again. After returning to Old Trafford, Manchester United rocked "Edison Cavani" to wear the number 21 shirt instead today (September 3, 2021). Ronaldo will wear the No.7 shirt after returning to Old Trafford. The Portuguese Trafford star will once again reinforce the legend of the No.7 shirt on his back. Ronaldo made 292 appearances and scored 118 goals, winning nine trophies, including three Premier League titles and the UEFA Champions League. Previously, it was worn by club icon George Walker. Best, Brian Robson, Eric Cantona and David Beckham have all inherited the legend of the No.7 shirt. Ronaldo has inherited the No.7 shirt from Edinson Cavani, who wore it last season and against Wolverhampton Wanderers last week, and Cavani will change to the No.21 shirt, the same number as the Uruguay striker's shirt for Manchester's fixture. Ronaldo will make his debut with the No.7 shirt for their Old Trafford opener against Newcastle on Saturday, September 11. Signed for Man U2 team 
"Mano Polking" to take charge of the senior Thai national team for the "AFF Suzuki Cup 2020" |The Football Association of Thailand (AFF) has officially appointed Mano Polking as the head coach of the Thai national team for the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020. The Football Association of Thailand has officially appointed Mano Polking as the head coach of the Thai national team for the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020. Starting as an assistant coach under Wilfried Schaefer, the head coach of the Thai national team before turning to manage Thai club clubs for 8 years, including Army United, Suphanburi FC and True Bangkok United, before moving to Ho Chi Minh City for the 2020/21 V-League season. But every team is also aiming for a lot of tough situations. Both the falling world ranking and the domestic COVID-19 situation forced the Thai League to follow the program. The preparation of the Thai national team is minimal, so it is necessary to choose a coach who understands and knows the resources of Thai footballers best, who is confident in Manova's ability to bring all his experience to help achieve the goals of the Thai national team. We are doing our best on the basis that we can. Meet all the needs of the Thai national team at this time. This is not a masterplan yet, and the result of this tournament will be a testament to his future in the national team. The company also announced the appointment of Jadej Meelap and Nuengruethai Srathongvien, two professional licensed coaches with experience in both domestic and international competitions, as assistant trainers for Thai nationals. Internal management of the Thai national team. There is also a team of coaches and staff from the association who are ready to work together for the goals of the Thai national team, Nuanpan added that this time is a collective work that requires teamwork to work, hence the importance of a team of Thai coaches who have knowledge and abilities at the forefront of the country. They are very familiar with each other, especially one coach Ruethai, who, despite being a woman, has made history leading the Thailand women's national football team to two consecutive World Cups. The sensitivities of women will help with the management of the back office together. Being a teacher who commands a lot of knowledge of Thai football. It is believed that both players will complement the work which will be in the best interest of the Thai national team at this time for the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 from December 5, 2021 - 1. The host country will be announced by the end of the month. It is expected that the competition between Thailand and Singapore will be played in Group A: 5 December 2021Qualifier winner (Brunei or Timor-Leste) Meet Thailand11 December 2021Thailand vs Myanmar14 December 2021Philippines Meet Thailand18 December 2021Thailand Meet Singapore
Comeback! Ronaldo scored 2 goals to lead Man Utd Newcastle beat Newcastle 4-1|Cristiano Ronaldo made his comeback wearing the No.7 shirt on his debut and scored two goals for Manchester United. Old Trafford beat Newcastle 4-1 in a stunning debut that met the expectations of Red Devils fans. Cristiano Ronaldo, who returned to the No.7 shirt with Manchester United, scored twice to help his side beat Newcastle 4-1 to top the table in 12 years. The 36-year-old scored his first goal at the end of the first half when Mason Greenwood got the ball on the edge of the pitch before rocking it into the middle of the box but the ball ricocheted off Freddie Woodman's defence before Ronaldo raced back to give Manchester United a 1-0 lead. In the 80th minute, Freddie Woodman scored to give Manchester United a 3-1 lead. Lingard scored a 4-1 lead in injury time as Manchester United beat Newcastle 4-1 to move three points clear at the top of the table. Opening up after the game about returning to Old Trafford My Trafford is just a reminder of why the stadium is called the "Theatre of Dreams". For me, it was a wonderful place to achieve every goal with all my teammates, and with the amazing cheers in the stands, we faced every path with confidence and hope that we could finally achieve victory together. : BBC, Manchester United, Cristiano Ronaldo Read related news "CR7" Comeback! Ronaldo wears Man Utd number 7 shirt again "Ronaldo" Signed for Man U2 team 
"Swimming Association" shifts regional time trial program|"Swimming Association" escapes COVID-19 Moving regional time trial competition to ensure that it does not affect the Thailand Championship competition To find a substitute swimmer for the 2022 Asian Games in Hangzhou today (22 Oct 2021) Gen. Charoen Nopsuwan President of Swimming Swimming Association of Thailand Revealing the reason for the postponement of the time trial swimming competitions in all 6 regions that due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Swimming Association has not yet resolved. Recognizing the safety of athletes, the competition time has been adjusted as follows: Central Region 1 contest in Chonburi province during 5-7 November 2021, Central Region 2 competition in Suphanburi province on 29-31 October 2021, as well as Northeast region in Khon Kaen province. Compete during the same day and time. While the North The competition will be held in Pree province on 22-24 October 2021. Change to Chiang Mai during 4-6 November 2021 and South Krabi on 5-7 November 2021. The last one is Bangkok, originally scheduled to be held from 28-31 October 2021 at the SAT Hua Mak swimming pool, had to be postponed to 11-14 November 2021 at the swimming pool of the Department of Physical Education. The announcement of the athletes who have qualified to compete in the Thailand Championship. There may be difficulties in preparation, including rankings and competition arrangements, but each day is quite short-lived. However, The organizing committee has already prepared a plan to deal with this problem so that the Swimming Championships of Thailand Proceed according to the original schedule. November 26-28, 2021 and December 2-6, 2021, and the swimmers will be announced in preparation for the 2022 Asian Games in Hangzhou. The People's Republic of China has caught up. In early December 2021 The list of Thai SEA Games swimmers can also be announced. If at the end of October The Vietnamese government has confirmed the hosting of the SEA Games, which will be held in May. May2022
"SAT " Prasarn "Thor Por 2" Consider promoting the rank of "Worapoj-Suriya" |"SAT " Prasarn "Thor Por 2" Prepare to consider promotion to the rank of "Woraphot - Suriya", a former international amateur boxer of the Thai national team. After not being promoted for 21 years, he is now attached to the rank of "S.O.-J.S.O." from the case of Sor Woraphot Petchkhum, a former international boxer for the Thai national team under the army. Part 2 (PW2) has posted on Facebook. On Oct. 21, 2021, the content contained a message that he was disappointed that he had never been promoted to military service for 21 years and is currently only an MP, including Sgt. Suriya Prasat Hin Phimai, a former international boxer for the Thai national team, who is still a junior soldier under Por Por 2. The same rank has not been promoted today (26 October 2021). Mr. Kongsakd Yodmani, Governor of Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) Revealed that from such cases, the SAT confirmed that it will coordinate the sending of letters to Por Por 2. Both of them will be promoted and will fully assist in the past as both have represented Thailand in international boxing competitions in international competitions. Whether it is the Olympic Games, Asian Games, SEA Games, which has done a lot of work and fame until now, he is also a junior boxer trainer to replace him. This is considered to be a contribution to the sport of boxing and the sport of Thailand. The SAT as the agency that directly supervises sports therefore recognizes the importance of athletes who have made a mark for the nation both past and present. About this matter, the SAT will expedite the letter to the agencies of both for further consideration of the relevant parts for the performance of Woraphot Petchkum, who has won SEA Games gold medals 5 times, namely Brunei, Vietnam, Philippines, Thailand and Indonesia, Asian Games bronze medal. Qatar, Gold Medal Suriya Prasat Hin Phimai won silver at the 2002 Asian Games, South Korea, bronze at the 2004 Olympic Games in Greece and gold at the SEA Games in Thailand.
The score is an experience, "MBF Amphawa" fought hard, defeated "Port Authority" 1-22. |The defeat of MLF Amphawa FC in the MLS to Port Authority 1-22 in the Chang FA Cup Round of 64 became an opportunity for full-time players to experience and inspire amateur footballers who hope to pursue future success on October 27, 2021. Team MBF Amphawa FC Amateur team of Samut Songkhram The home opener against Singha Chao Tha Port FC in the Chang FA Cup round of 64 despite losing 1-22 and the highest FA Cup record. Filled with joy and pride, Maeklong players get to experience real life from top Thai League clubs, which is a rare opportunity in life as the players in MBF Amphawa FC team all have full-time jobs. And use your free time to kick football to exercise as well as being a creative space for yourself and your family. This Maeklong police officer was the one who pulled the trigger and scored 1 goal for MBF Amphawa FC. Despite his full-time career, he took time to play sports regularly, as did Suwatchai, 35, who worked as a general contractor before spending his free time playing football as a goalkeeper, conceding 22 goals. Hopefully, this amateur team will one day step up to Thai League 3 in the future and inspire the youth in Mae Klong. Samut Songkhram province is the smallest and least populated province in Thailand, but MBF Amphawa FC shows its commitment to youth development in the province despite being just a small academy born from parents and brothers from Mae Klong who sent their children to practice football from the age of 6-18 years before creating an amateur football team to compete in major league football and the FA Cup for the Port Authority. This game is considered that coach Ong Dusit Chalermsen showed professionalism by sending the main players to the competition. Before Nantawat Suan Kaew will be the top scorer with 5 goals. Nurul Sriyankem and Thanasit Siripha The FA Cup round of 32 will be drawn on November 1, with the tournament winning 5 million baht in prize money and a ticket to the ACL Asia Cup in 2023. 
3 Thai fists! Advance to the 2nd round of the World Boxing Championship in Serbia|peerapat yeasungnoen Leading the Thai Fist Army with Wuttichai Yurachai and Khun Nathip Close Nut Slap your feet into the second round. World Boxing Championship in Serbia Peerapat Yiasungnoen 21-year-old fighter The 2018 World Youth Boxing Championship bronze medalist performed brilliantly against Dominic Keida. The Polish fighter 5-0 advanced to the round of 16, as did Wuttichai Yurachai, the 29-year-old oldest fighter in the Thai national team, who has been absent from the international stage for 2 years. Jakub Milominski (Poland) 5-0 qualified for the round of 32 in the 48 kg class and finished in the 60 kg class. Close Nut Don't work hard after winning through Tampa Sorgia (Sierra Leone). World Boxing Championships in Serbia Late last night on October 27. In total, 10 Thai fighters were eliminated in the first round, 2 of which were 67 kg. Athichai Permsap and 80 kg. Chakrapong Yomkot and qualified for the second round 6 fighters, namely Thanarat Saengphet (51 kg) and Somchai Wongsuwan (63.5 kg). HMS Andaman Rutchakarn Chantang (57 kg), Peerapat Yiasungnoen (71 kg), Wuttichai Yurachai (48 kg) and Khunathip Close Nuch (60 kg)However, the World Boxing Championships in Serbia. A total of 13 fights with 105 nations competed, with Thailand having to use the symbol "TBF" (Thailand Boxing Federation) instead of the word THAILAND due to Wada's ban. The prize money totaled U.S. $2.6 million, a gold medal of U.S. $100,000 (about 3.29 million baht), a champion belt like professional boxing, a silver medal of U.S. $50,000 and a bronze medal of U.S. $25,000 (about 824,000 baht).
"Tether Coach" Fulfilled his promise to run around the stadium 10 times after Thailand U23 beat Laos 3-0.|"Coach Tether" runs around the field.10 After Thailand's 3-0 win over Laos, the reason before the match was that if they won the game, they would run around the stadium for 10 rounds. Coach Yong revealed that it was a motivation for his teammates, Mr. Worawut Srimagha or Coach Yong promised the Thai national team before the match against Laos that if they win, they would run around the stadium for 10 rounds. I want the boys to have fun, which I'm sure we'll win. Coach Yoong's idea to run around the field may have come from the Port Authority team. nasir abbas Vice President of Port Authority Club Madame Peng's daughter used to run around the field with Vitoon. Watch male results Madame Peng Team Around Pete Stadium. After the game at the port opener, the home win. Thailand has 4 points from 2 matches, 2nd place in the group, 2 points behind leaders Malaysia, who yesterday beat hosts Mongolia 1-0 in the final match of Group J. Thailand vs Malaysia on 31 October 2021 at 10.00 a.m. The key condition is that the Thai team must win one place to advance to the round of 16 as group champions to compete in Uzbekistan in November. Read more news  The 23-year-old beat Laos 3-0 before deciding the fate of "Malaysia" in the next match. Thai fist is slammed into the 2nd round of the World Boxing Championship in Serbia. 
"Thai women's polo" hopes to win 1st place FINA Challenger Cup|Thailand women's water polo team ready for FINA Challenger Cup 2021 in Colombia Thailand women's national water polo team with coaching staff departs for Colombia on KLM Royal Dutch Airlines to participate in the FINA Swimming Championship. The 2021 Challenger Cup will be held in Colombia from November 2-7. Gen. Sorasak Khaokkrajang, President of Water Polo, Dr. Supalak Intarapichai Secretary General, Swimming Association of Thailand Sending and giving sermons to athletes, Gen. Sorasak said that everyone should do their best. Show your full potential We are confident that the results will be good because everyone has the intention to train well and urge them to take good care of each other's health. Dr. Supalak said that he would like to thank the Sports Authority of Thailand for supporting the budget for traveling to tournaments as far as South America. This is the first tournament since the COVID-19 pandemic began. It is the preparation of the team for next year's Asian Games, which we believe everyone will perform well because they are already hungry for victory. It also encourages all athletes to take good care of their health. Don't drop the card. Coach Mook Sineenat Sonthipakdee Thai coach of Thailand women's national water polo team She said that the women's water polo team had only 1 month to train, but they got along well and were confident in the potential of this team. The captain of the women's water polo team said that they are now about 80 per cent ready due to the lack of time to assemble the team due to the COVID-19 situation. As for the pressure, everyone in the team doesn't have any pressure. Everyone is very full, confident that there will be a medal for Thai sports fans. For the FINA tournament. Challenger Cup 2021 in Colombia Four nations will compete – host Colombia, Venezuela, Puerto Rico and Thailand – which will compete in a round-robin format. They face Venezuela on Nov. 2, Colombia on Nov. 3 and Puerto Rico on Nov. 4.
"Buakhao Bantammek" sits on the board of the Thai Kickboxing Association|Sombat Bantamek or White Lotus Announce ready to use knowledge and abilities to drive kickboxing to full power After being on the Board of Directors of the Kickboxing Association of Thailand. Today (November 4, 2021), Sombat Banchamek or White Lotus released a message on the Banchamek Gym Facebook page to thank him for being appointed to the Board of Directors of the Kickboxing Association of Thailand. The KickBoxing Association Of Thailand is ready to use its knowledge and abilities to drive the KickBoxing Association of Thailand to the fullest extent. He also stated that for this sport, it is a sport that hopes for the number of gold medals at the top level in Thailand. On behalf of the Kickboxing Association of Thailand, I would like to publicize the athletes. Coach, Trainer Sports scientists, physiotherapists and related persons to prepare for the selection of athletes in Thailand. The association will publicize in the next phase the policy of the association will select talented athletes fairly. Kickboxing is about to be included in the Olympic Games because the IOC has already approved kickboxing - the 31st SEA Games in Vietnam. Mid-May 2022 - Asian Indoor Martial Arts Games The 6th World Games in Thailand 2022 - The 11th World Games 2023 are scheduled to be held in Birmingham, Alabama. United States - World Combat Games Year 2023 Riyadh Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The host tournament may be postponed to next year due to a government subsidy given to athletes. Nowadays, more events and competitions are available. Some items are harder to get medals. As a result, prize pools need to be adjusted more appropriately. Especially the Asian Games, which increased from 1 million baht to 2 million baht gold medals. Silver coins from 500,000 baht to 1 million baht and bronze coins from 200,000 baht to 500,000 baht. The 18th in Indonesia Next year, while the Olympic Games injection money has been modified and started to be used since the 2016 Olympic Games, the gold medal is 12 million baht. Silver Coin 7.2 Million Baht Bronze 4.8 million baht The SEA Games, Asian Beach Games, Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games also won 200,000 baht gold, 100,000 baht silver and 50,000 baht bronze. Asian Championship Adjustments have been made as appropriate. If it's a sport at the Olympic Games, The World Championship will be increased from 1 million baht to 1.5 million baht, etc. 
Closing the legend of "7 Xian" Thai Volleyball |The farewell match of 7 Thai volleyball masters ended with fun and impression, all of which still insist on helping the Thai volleyball industry to succeed on the world stage further, the farewell match of the 7 Sien Thai girls at Indoor Stadium Huamark with strict COVID-19 prevention measures with ATK testing for all concerned persons before entering the stadium. Nusara Tomkham, Amporn Yapha, Wilawan Apinyapong, Malika Kanthong, Oruma Sitthirak and want to Buakaew, but there was a surprise when Rawaikhae Fa Kuean, who replaced Gift Wilawan who announced the good news that he was preparing to have a child, so he could not play. Everyone's got a show. In the end, it was 7 Sien who won 25-18, after the game "Coach Od" Kiatpong Ratchatakriangkrai who shed tears in the hearts of his students who thought about the time when they had the opportunity to work together as a family and gave flowers to encourage their own path in the future. In order to further develop the Thai volleyball industry, spectators who had the opportunity to attend the game in the stadium was limited to 150 people. But the inspiration that has been created for future generations of athletes is patience and smiles on the court, whether losing or winning, that delights Thai volleyball fans for the 7 Sien Thai rubber ball players, who have been performing on the global and continental stage for the past 20 years. Win the Asian Championship He won bronze at the 2014 Asian Games, 2018 Asian Games silver and SEA Games gold medals. 
 "Peng Shuai" Chinese tennis player accused of harassment by former vice prime minister|Despite being a big deal in sports, Pengshuai's revelation about sexual harassment China's famous tennis players But it is not talked about much in the hometown. Foreign media analysts are expected to be blocked because politics has become a popular news story in sports media around the world. From the case of "Peng Shuai" China's famous tennis players The two-time Grand Slam women's doubles champion posted a message on Weibo claiming to have been attacked by former Vice Premier Zhang Gao-li. He claimed that the incident first happened 9 years ago and continued for many years, even when Mr Gaoli had ceased to be politically active. Although there is no chance of winning because she has no evidence, she just wants to come out and reveal the truth. The incident was the first time a senior government official had been accused of sexual harassment, but the post was removed from Weibo within minutes. In the name search system on Weibo, the word Peng Shuai was blocked, as was Mr. Gaoli's name and the word tennis were also blocked from the system. A Chinese representative declined to comment on the matter. Foreign media have speculated that the reason for the blockade in China is because it could affect Xi Jinping's image. The president has been raising his image against corruption and abuse of power by government officials for more than 10 years, and this period is considered politically sensitive as the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) holds a big meeting in Beijing. The Nov. 8-11 presidential saga, which is expected to pave the way for Xi Jinping's third term as president, has been the subject of constant talk in recent years, with more than 150 athletes and former gymnasts on the national gymnastics team, including Simone. Biles, a prominent athlete, has testified in court. The case was Mr. Larry. Nasser The owner of the nickname "Angel Doctor" of the gymnastics industry used his authority and duties to commit sexual harassment with the knowledge of senior officials of the association. Nasser was sentenced to no less than 100,000 years in prison. 
"Coach Ong" resigns Port FC head coach for poor performance|"Coach Ong" Dusit Chalermsen Announced his retirement as Port FC head coach after a poor performance losing 2 games in a row. Acting Representative Kumkum against Ratchaburi this evening (11 November 2021) Dusit Chalermsen Port FC head coach or coach Ong has announced his resignation to take responsibility for performance that did not meet the target. Port FC's last 2 matches in the Thai League were poor, losing 1-3 to Nakhon Ratchasima and 1-2 to Chonburi, in 8th place in the table, 11 points behind leaders Bangkok United. Since the home opener against Ratchaburi. Mitr Phol FC today until the end of the first leg of the 2021/22 season. List of voters SAO to add and withdraw names before November 17 The Ministry of Religious Affairs called 5 agencies Clarification on the case of dressing in imitation of Buddha on the route of importing 1.5 thousand bottles of "Johnson" vaccine from Cambodia to Thailand "Hart Suttipong" acknowledged the charge under Section 112 - How will the Computer Act know? What kind of cigarettes are called "counterfeits"? 
 MotoGP legend Rossi closes|After winning 7 world titles and 89 circuit titles, on 14 November 2021, veteran Italian motorcycle driver Valentino Rossi finished 10th in the final MotoGP 2021. The Valencia Grand Prix in Spain, the final stage of his career, was won by Francesco Bagnaia of Italy of Ducati Lenevo Team with a time of 41 minutes 15.481 seconds. He was 0.489 seconds slower than Australia's Jack Miller, 0.823 seconds slower, while France's Fabio Quartararo was slower than Monster. Energy Yamaha MotoGP this circuit He clocked 5.439 seconds slower than Bagnaia to take fifth place, but his total score was still 278 points to win this year's World Championship. Rossi, 42, is currently competing under Petronas. The Yamaha SRT was 13.468 seconds slower than Bagnaia and was 10th with 44 points in all races and 18th place. Rossi has been competing in MotoGP since 2002, winning seven world titles, the second-highest ranking behind Italian legend Giacomo Agostini (eight), as well as 89 races and 199 podium finishes. Read more news temporarily closed! ATM electric leak 2-year-old boy unconscious opens 2 weeks in Hua Hin 8 foreigners visit Hua Hin Liverpool car bomb kills 1, injures 1 Iran faces 2 strong earthquakes in a row 20 provinces flooded Thailand Post can't send parcel
"Nusara Tomkham" to play in the USA Volleyball League next year |« Nusara T.Kham" Thailand national volleyball team players Today (November 17, 2021), Aupro Sports, the website of the U.S. Volleyball League, revealed that Nusara Tomkham, the setter of the Thai national team, will move to play in the U.S. Volleyball League for the 2022 season. As for next season, in addition to Nusara. There are still many famous athletes. Also in attendance are Jordan Larson. The 2020 Olympic Games winner from the United States and Brazil's Sheila Castro for next season will be held in Texas from March 16 to April 16 next year and will be open to volleyball fans on the court.
Osaka-Djokovic joins campaign to find Peng Shuai after mysterious disappearance|"Peng Shuai" A Chinese Tesnist has disappeared after claiming he was sexually harassed by China's former vice premier by Naomi Osaka and Novak. Djokovic is the latest tennis player to admit he was shocked by the incident and expressed his concern for the family of Japanese tennis player Peng ShuaiNaomi Osaka. Post a message on a private Twitter account Zhang Gaoli admitted to being shocked by the news of the disappearance of Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai, who has not been able to contact her since she revealed that she had been attacked by Zhang Gaoli. The former deputy prime minister sexually harassed him on Nov. 2, with Osaka also sharing the hashtag #WhereIsPengShuai. #WhereIsPengShuai pic.twitter.com/51qcyDtzLq While Novak Djokovic spoke at a press conference during the ATP tennis tournament. Finals in Turin, Italy He admitted that he was shocked by what happened to his colleagues and hoped to meet Peng Shuai soon, while expressing his concern for Peng Shuai's family, as well as Stacey Alister. The president of the U.S. Tennis Association and a former executive of professional women's tennis, or WTA, has suggested that this time The WTA must prioritize Peng Shuai's safety despite the past several days. Wang Wenbin has not commented on the matter. Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson He said he was unaware of this and that Peng Shuai's disappearance was not related to China's foreign ministry for Zhang Gaoli. The 75-year-old is a former deputy prime minister and a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Department, the CCP's highest decision-making authority. 
Fans congratulate "White Lotus" promoted to the rank of "Lieutenant"|Reserve Forces Center, Territorial Defense Command promoted the rank of "White Lotus Command Mek" to Lt. Gen.
Today (18 Nov 2021) Maj. Gen. Kosit Chinvarun Reserve Center Commander The Territorial Defense Command has decorated the ranks of troops who have been promoted to higher ranks by Lt. Sombat Bantammek or "White Lotus Command Mek" has been promoted to the rank of Lt. Sombat Bantammek or "White Lotus Command Mek" after the decoration ceremony. To distribute to the troops. Next#Reserve Center Lt. White Lotus was decorated with the rank of "Lieutenant". In 2019, during the reign of Gen. Apirat Kongsompong, he assumed office. Meanwhile, the Facebook page "Banchamek Gym (Buakaw Banchamek, Buakaw Banchamek) " has many comments congratulating the promotion.       
List of 30 Thai national team players for ASEAN Championship|List of 30 players for the Thai national team  ASEAN Football Championship kit AFF Cup 2020 will be held in Singapore from 1 December 2021 to 2 December 2020. January 2022Today (24 November 2021) Football Association of Thailand List of 30 senior war elephants for the ASEAN Championship At Singapore, the Thailand national football team is under the supervision of Khun Nuanpan Lamsam, the team manager, along with "Mano". Alexandre Polking Head Coach 30 players announced ASEAN Football Championship kit The AFF Cup 2020 will be held in Singapore from 1 December 2021 to 2 January 2022. In Singapore Goalkeeper Chatchai Butprom (BG Pathum United), Siwarak Tetsungnoen (Buriram United), Kawin Thamsatchanan (OH Luwen), defender Theerathon. Boonmatan (Club) Yokohoma F. Marinos), Jonathan Kemdee (Obi Odense), Narubadin Weerawatnodom (Buriram United), Pansa Hemviboon (Buriram United), Tristan Do (Bangkok United), Peerapat Notechaiya (Bangkok United), Manuel Tom Biah (Bangkok United), Philip Roller (Port FC), Elias Dole (Port FC), Chanathip Songkrasin (Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo), Tanawat Seungjitthavorn (Leicester City), Supachok Sarachart (Buriram United), Pathompol Charoenrattanaphirom (BG Pathum United), Sarach Yooyen (BG Pathum United), Thitipan Puangchan (Bangkok United), Pokklao Ananon (Bangkok United), Veerathep Pomphan (Muangthong United), Picha Utra (Muangthong United), Krisda Kaman (Chonburi FC), Worachit Kanitsribampen (Chonburi FC), Pithiwat Sukjitthamkul (Chiangrai United), Sivakorn Tiatrakul (Chiangrai United), Bodin Phala (Port FC), Pakorn Premphak (Port FC), Teerasin Striker Dangda (BG Pathum United), Adisak Kraisorn (Muangthong United), Supachai Jaided (Buriram United)    
Thailand Esports Team Aims to Win Minimum 3 Gold Medals at SEA Games 2022|"Thai Esports" athletes aim for at least 3 gold medals The 31st SEA Games "Hanoi 2022" will be held from May 12-23, 2022 in Hanoi, Vietnam. The host of 40 sports, totaling 526 gold medals for esports, is one of the sports organized by the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) and the Esports Association of Thailand. Hoping to win back the bronze medal and strengthen the Thai athletes to become gold medalists in this competition, "Wittaya Saenganan", head coach of the national esports team or coach Aun. The 44-year-old said in an exclusive interview with Thai PBS Online that the previous SEA Games were in line with the association's goal of winning 2 gold medals from tekken 7 and ROV, while 2 silver medals from Hearthstone and DOTA 2. As part of the hope of hosts Vietnam, coach Aun also announced the goal for the Asian Games esports team to start winning medals. After previously being classified as a demonstration sport only, Thailand still has to work hard because it has to fight big bones like China and South Korea, who are world champions and are the two nations that are often on the medal list. Thailand is still hoping for ROV and FIFA Online 4. The tournament is contested by three nations, namely China, Korea and Thailand, but they hope to win medals in every competition in the esports arena. It must be admitted that Korea is already a country with a strong gaming industry because it creates and develops games. China has a large population and is ranked in the world for many sports, even esports, so these 2 nations are the goals that Thailand must reach to be in the top 10 or win medals. The main strengths of Thai athletes are: National team selection, esports competitions, many people aim for a championship. Who wins the national team immediately due to other factors, including the draw for weak-hard lines or at the form of each game as well. If it is a 5-person ROV team sport, 20 athletes from 4 teams will be selected to be cut again. The best players of each team are a system that is used in general sports, but it is new to esports"Sometimes there is a little bit of resistance for fear that there will be no teamwork, but it must be admitted that teamwork can happen in a short period of time, but it is quite difficult to find someone to train well in 2 months."   
"Bas-Popo" beat Japanese pair Won the Indo Open|It's been a golden year for Bass. Dechapol and Popo Sapsiree who today wiped out the mystic. Beat old rivals from Japan to win the Indonesia Open and make history by winning 3 consecutive titles for the second time today (28 November 2021) Badminton Indonesia Open World Tour 1,000 Finals In mixed doubles, World No. 2 Dechapol Puavaranukroh and Sapsiree Taerattanachai duel Japan's Yuta Watanabe and Arisa Higashino (4) who won bronze medals at the Tokyo Games. Thailand's doubles record is reasonably secondary. Because they haven't beaten this opponent yet. Throughout the 4 meetings, but today's game, Dechapol and Sapsiree With scores of 21-12 and 21-13 to win the sixth title of the year, the prize money from the competition was 62,900 U.S. dollars or about 2 million baht. It is also considered to have won 3 titles in a row. For the second time since the beginning of the year, Bas-Popo has won three consecutive tournaments hosted by Thailand, starting with winning the World Tour 500 Sic Bo Open in Germany, followed by the Indonesia Masters. The Thai duo will also be looking to win four consecutive titles at the BWF World Tour Finals, which will be held in Bali, Indonesia. The World Championships will be held in Spain on December 1-5. The other doubles in women's singles. Rachnok Inthanon, world No. 8 Reaching the World Tour 1,000 final for the first time, South Korea's Ahn Se Young faces world No. 6 Ahn Se Young in the first game. The pair fought back before "Nong May" was dropped 13-20 despite the Thai girl saving 7 match points.21 It was 20-20, but Ahn Se Young picked up the remaining 2 points. She unfortunately lost 20-22 to receive a consolation prize of 28,900 U.S. dollars or nearly 1 million baht, which "Nong May", despite missing out on a ticket to the World Tour Finals, still has one more program left to win this year with the Badminton World Championships to be held in Spain. During 12-19 December 2021Read more election news Metropolitan Authority starts counting more than 60% of the vote counting, reveals the election SAO tears up 27 cases, destroys signs, 18 cases buys votes, 7 cases Pharmaceutical companies accelerate development of COVID-19 vaccines Omicron variant opens up COVID virus picture "Omicron" spike protein more than Delta, academics believe SAO reinforces local job transfer decentralization
Football fans doubted "Phansa" withdrew from the national team citing injury but played for Buriram.|After Thai national team defender Phansa Hemviboon and Buriram United started in the Thai Football League despite recently announcing his withdrawal from the Suzuki Cup national team, fans questioned that it could be because the club did not see the importance of the national team. Although the club confirmed that it was indeed hurt to withdraw from the Thai Suzuki Cup team of "Phansa Hemviboon" by reason of incomplete body. Just one day after Mano Polking announced the final 30-man squad, he earned a nickname for Buriram United in their 1-0 win over Chiangrai United in the last Thai League match. United and Phansa Hemviboon The national team defender has inevitably been negatively removed from the feelings of the fans, although "stuck" kindly close to liking. The club's vice-president will clarify via Facebook that Phansa has been injured since the match against Khon Kaen United on November 20 and that this match had to be pushed down because others were more injured, which will require at least 4-6 weeks of rest, but most supporters are still skeptical. With the full 90 minutes of form, no injury was shown, however, the Suzuki Cup was not during the mandatory FIFA Day fight. But in the case of Phansa, the announcement of withdrawal from last week may have been the wrong decision for both Phansa and Buriram Club, as the Suzuki Cup is not on FIFA Day. Therefore, it would not be wrong for the club to decide not to release the player. Apparently the last 30 Suzuki Cup series Mano. Focus on midfield players To focus on the attacking game, however, if analyzing the players in the position. Center Half at Mano Manuel Tombier (185cm), Elias Dolah (196cm), Jonathan Needdee (190cm) and Pawee Tantaemi were called up as substitutes. At 187cm tall, Mano hopes to take advantage of the tall defender to score goals. Phansa did not stand out in the set-piece. But it is undeniable that Phansa is Thailand's number one defender who is outstanding in reading the game, passing the ball and having speed. Choose from a variety of tactics and will make the Thai team stronger and more complete. 
Lionel Messi wins Ballon d'Or 7th Period|Lionel Messi won the Ballon d'Or for the seventh time, beating Lewandowski by just 33 votes on Nov. 29, 2021. The Ballon d'Or awards ceremony hosted by France's oldest football magazine, France Football Magazine, has resumed. After a one-year hiatus due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Lionel Messi won the award for the seventh time after receiving 613 votes, with Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski in second place with 580 points. Copa del Rey and Argentina win The Copa America, Messi's first trophy for his hometown for the Ballon d'Or vote, will come from selected football journalists from around the world. Each person has the right to choose the best performers of the past year. The top 5 names will get 6 points, 2nd place will get 4 points, and 3rd, 4th and 5th place will get 3, 2 and 1 points respectively.
"Madame Pang" injects 20 million to reclaim ASEAN champion |"Madam Pang" Nuanpan Lamsam, manager of the Thai national team, announced the injection of 20 million baht. If the Thai national team Winning back the ASEAN Championship from Vietnam in 5 years yesterday (November 30, 2021), Nuanpan Lamsam, or "Madam Pang", the manager of the Thai national team, traveled to support the Thai national team players who are training to prepare for the ASEAN Championship. In Singapore In a month This December, before stirring everyone's hearts by announcing a 20 million baht injection. If winning the championship as a New Year's gift for Thai people to celebrate. In addition, if the Thai national team The winner of the 6th ASEAN Championship will receive another 10 million baht in prize money from AFF. This combined with Madame Pang's injection of 20 million baht. This team will earn up to 30 million baht. Madame Pang insisted on dividing all players equally. Whether it is a starter or a substitute, Madame Pang revealed that at first she intended not to talk about money because money is not the final answer because she believes that everyone's first goal is to be a champion. The champion for all Thai football fans, in addition to Madame Pang's injection money, must come to win again that if this Thai national team wins the ASEAN championship successfully. Maj. Gen. Somyot Poompanmuang The president of the association will inject an additional amount of baht for the Thai national team, who will travel to Singapore at noon today and will have their first match against Timor Leste on December 5, which will be without players like Theerathon Boonmathan and Chanathip Songkrasin, who have just completed their service in the Japanese J-League.
"Chonburi FC" reveals the release of "Worachit" to "BG Pathum" to bring money to support the club|Chonburi FC issued a statement Release "Varanit" Moved to join "BG Pathum" team due to COVID-19 impact As a result, the club was burdened with a lot of debt and had to release the gymnast in order to bring money to support the club. We are committed to continue to develop the youth system today (December 1, 2021). Chonburi FC issued a statement regarding the release of Worachit Kanitsribampen, a young star of the team, to join BG team. Pathum United FC follows Chonburi FC's statement due to the COVID-19 pandemic affecting the economy, society and business of professional football around the world since 2020 until now, a total of almost 2 full years that Chonburi FC has been financially impacted, with revenue declining due to a 6-month hiatus and fans unable to attend matches inside the stadium. This includes closed matches and limited number of spectators. The club is aware that the company and other agencies that support the club suffered the same in 2020 before the start of the season, the club needs to solve the problem by reducing the wages of football players and officials by 50% for a period of 4 months. Despite poor performances in the Thai League, the Chang FA Cup was close to winning the 2021 title. The club has changed its policy to reflect the economic situation by deciding to use the club's youth footballers, of which only four Thai players are not apprentices of the club. With a total of 21 Thai players in the first team, the club had enough budget to hire more expensive foreign players. The COVID-19 pandemic is back in full swing. As a result, the club has to bear the burden of expenses that exceed its income again. Including outstanding debts that are too much to bear. "Gym" Worachit Kanitsribampen is a proud kid at the club, the first product of the club's modern academy system. Of course, the club loves him very much and doesn't want to lose him, but this move to Thailand's great club "BG Pathum United" is a great opportunity for every footballer to move on. He also played in the Asian Club Football Championship. "AFC Champions League" is a tournament that good footballers like Worachit deserve to play, the important thing is that this transfer is a great reward for the club, which the club has taken care of and nurtured him from childhood until fame, money and gold and the Thai national team. Thank you to the players, coaching staff and staff. All the club's employees continue to work hard for the club without complaining, even during difficult times. There were only 16 players left in the squad ready to play. We're still working our way through the crisis. With great team spirit, help the club. The club would like to thank all the dear Chonburi FC fans for following and supporting the club even in this difficult situation. Chonburi FC pledges that the club will continue to move forward in the path of a good professional football club with a stable and sustainable career football with a strong squad and youth development system. In the near future, Chonburi FC will certainly be
"Teerasin" Double led Thailand to a 4-0 win over Myanmar to top Group A.|Teerasin Dangda led Thailand to a 4-0 win over Myanmar to top Group A of the ASEAN Football Championship. Group stage on 11 Dec 2021 7:30 p.m. local time at Singapore National Stadium ASEAN Football Championship Group A Second Leg Thailand vs Myanmar Mano Polking Use a double striker like Theerasin. Dangda and Supachai Jaided, while the 4-man midfielder has Tanawat Seungjitthavorn along with Sarat Yuyen, Pithiwat Sukjitthamkul and Chanathip Songkrasin. Led by Tan Pyong and Mong Mong Lwin, the team captain started the game in the 23rd minute, the Thai national team came out to take the lead until the moment Narubodin Weerawatnodom cut into the middle for Theerasin. Dangda composed with the left and hit with the right to the war elephant. Leading 1-0 in the 30th minute, Thailand got a free-kick and it was Manuel Tom Beer who hit the ground but made a save on the Myanmar goal. Thailand led Myanmar 1-0 in the 52nd minute when Manuel Tom Beer was fouled by Theerasin. Dangda, who was responsible for the kill, gave Thailand a 2-0 lead and made Theerasin the all-time top scorer of the ASEAN Championship. Equalling Noh Alam Shah at 17 goals immediately after that, in the 65th minute, Thailand made three substitutions, sending on Pathomphon Charoenrattanaphirom and Supachok. Sarachart and Thitipan Puangchan came on in place of Sarach Yooyen, Chanathip Songkrasin and Supachai Jaided, after which Thailand tried hard to attack and in the 78th minute it was Supachok. Sarachart who came off the right before passing in the middle to Worachit Kanitsribampen, who had just started the field, to shoot in. Thailand leads 3-0 away from Myanmar in injury time. Assist for Supachok Sarachart scored his second goal of the tournament and made the Thailand beat Myanmar 4-0 to increase their lead to six points, the same as Singapore, but conceded a better goal to move up to the top of the group immediately for the war elephants to start their first game. Myanmar lost to Singapore and beat Timor Leste. As for the next appointment program. Thailand will face the Philippines at the Singapore National Stadium. In the 3rd match of the ASEAN Championship on 14 December 2021. At 4:30 p.m. local time 
"Theerathon" Post farewell to J. League move to Buriram|teeratorn aalamathan Moved from Yokohama F. Marinos to the former club Buriram United again. After moving out 5 years ago. As a result, Thai players in the J. League are left only Chanathip Songkrasin. Only one person.
On 16 Dec 2021 teeratorn aalamathan Thailand national left-back Yokohama F. Marinos has one year left on his contract and chose to sign a contract to return to Buriram United in a Facebook post. Thank you to the Marinos fans and team-mates for making them feel at home. Over the course of 3 seasons, I would like to thank the entire coaching staff, especially Ange Postecoglu, a former Australian coach who gave Marinos the opportunity to play for Marinos to the success it is today. I also did not forget to post a thank you to Nevin Chidchop and kindly Chidchob for believing in their potential and giving them the opportunity to return to play football in their hometown again for Theerathon. He started making his name as a Buriram player. Before making a surprise move to rival team Muangthong United in 2016 amid rumors of a conflict with the top management board in 2019. He asked for forgiveness to clear up his personal problems with Nevin and Tsat before fate brought him to Theerathon. Chanathip Songkrasin, the Thai national team playmaker of Consadole Sapporo in the J.League, posted a message saying "throw them all away", believing that it should send a message to 2 senior players like Theerasin. Dangda and Theerathon Boonmathan who decided to move from the J.League back to their homeland, making "Messi J" now the only Thai player left in Japan's top leagueRead more news"Tom Issara" announces COVID infection via IG Expect it from a senior to come home. FDA warns you not to buy "ATK Ba Bom" test kits just yet. Pointing out that "Pimri Pie" has not been registered, ready to heal customers after reporting fake doctors with professional certificates, ordering knockdown houses. No house, more than 5 million baht damage. France restricts travel to and from England
"Philip Roller" joins the first day of training for the Thai national team|Thailand right-back Philip Roller joins the team on the first day of training Yan worked hard before joining the team today (12 December 2021). At 4:00 p.m. local time at Yishun Stadium, the Thailand men's national football team trained in preparation for the third game of the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 against the Philippines. With 28 players training for an hour and a half, the focus is on recovery and preparation for the next game before training. I've been following the national team and I think everyone is doing their job very well, but there's still a long way to go because there are a lot of games and the first game wasn't easy. We've done a lot better and hopefully we can reach the final." I think it's good that Thailand has three good right-backs in this squad and we have to try our best to train and I believe the other thing is that we have to be able to play in other positions as well, not just right-backs. As seen earlier, I used to play left-back with the club or play as a top player and added options for our coach," Philip Roller continued, "I had to go to Germany because I had a little personal problems, but while there I worked hard with my brother who was the coach and my fitness didn't fall at all and I didn't want to spend a lot of time getting fit when I was with the team. The AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 schedule for Thailand is as follows: 14 December 2021 at 16.30 hrs.Philippines vs Thailand18 December 2021 at 19.30 hrs.Thailand vs Singapore live on Channel 7HD
"Madame Pang" arrives in Singapore to watch training and cheer Thai national team players |Nuanpan Lamsam, manager of the Thai national football team, participated in the elephant army activity and attended a training session in Singapore.  First in the semi-finals. Meet Vietnam national team first match on December 23, 2021 
Today (21 Dec 2021) "Madam Pang" Nuanpan Lamsam, manager of the Thai national football team, participated in the elephant army activity and attended a training session in Singapore. After a one-night quarantine in a room and a negative COVID-19 test, the Thai national football team continued training at Clementi Stadium before their semi-final match. AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 vs Vietnam 2 matches "The first day Pang came to watch the training session, we had a team meeting to watch the tapes of the matches. After talking to many players, including captain J Chanathip, Um Theerathon, Mui Theerasin, Tonnarubodin, everyone is confident that they can achieve their ultimate objectives. The team is very competitive because they want to show their potential to Thai people. Now aiming for both semi-final matches, let the fans cheer for our war elephants. We're doing the best we can. Whether or not we can recover from the crisis depends on the intention, teamwork and cheers from the Thai people. Vietnam will face Vietnam in the first leg on 23 December 2021 and the second leg on 26 December 2021 at the Singapore National Stadium at 7:30 p.m. local time, broadcast live on Channel 7HD.   
Ball association injects 10 million if Vietnam is defeated|Football Association announces another 10 million baht injection If Thailand defeats Vietnam in the semi-finals AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 on December 21, 2021 Thailand men's national football team performed well in the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 group stage. After winning all matches, they have 12 points to win Group A and qualify for the tournament against Vietnam. The 2nd place team of Group B in the semi-finals of Maj. Gen. Somyot Poomphanmuang. President of Football Association of Thailand Revealed that he was ready to hand over 10 million baht in personal money. To boost the morale of athletes. The coaching staff, if they beat Vietnam, will advance to the AFF final. The 2020 Suzuki Cup has been successful over the past few years. Vietnam National Team This semi-final meeting is a testament to the importance and meaning of the Thai football fans. Wishing all athletes, coaching staff success and achieving their goals. Take back the victory. Create happiness for Thai football fans In addition, if winning the championship, there will also be 20 million baht from Madam Pang or Nang Nuanpan Lamsam, manager of the Thai national football team, and 10 million baht from the AFF championship prize, totaling 40 million baht. All players will be divided equally, both starters and substitutes for the national team will face Vietnam in the semi-finals of the ASEAN Championship. The first leg will be played on December 23 and the second leg will be played on December 26. Read related news "Madame Pang" arrives in Singapore to watch training and encouragement Thailand national team players train full team to prepare for "Vietnam" playoffs Thailand beat Singapore 2-0 to win Group A, Thailand beat Philippines 2-1 to guarantee a place in the last 4 "Madam Pang" injected 20 million baht to reclaim the ASEAN championship.
"Somyot" gives cheque of 10 million to "players - staff" After reaching the final of the "ASEAN Cup"|The president of the Football Association handed over a cheque of 10 million baht to players and coaching staff. Thailand National Team After beating Vietnam 2-0 on aggregate, they qualified for the semi-finals of the ASEAN Championship 2020 today (27 December 2021). Maj. Gen. Somyot Poompanmuang President of Football Association of Thailand A cheque of 10 million baht was handed over to the Football Association of Thailand for transfer to athletes and coaching staff of the Thai men's national football team. After beating Vietnam 2-0 on aggregate in the semi-finals and reaching the final of the ASEAN Championship 2020, Maj. Gen. Somyos Poomphanmuang. The president said, "Thank you to the athletes, coaching staff and all those involved. Everyone did a great job. "Today, we donated 10 million baht through the association, which was transferred to the athletes' accounts. All the coaching staff are already in place. Wishing you all the best of luck. Do your best in the finals. Bring success back to Thai football fans "Chanathip Songkrasin, captain of the Thai national team, representing the war elephants, wished Maj. Gen. Somyos Poomphanmuang a happy birthday. President of the Football Association of Thailand Chanathip said, "Today is the birthday of the Prime Minister. May you have a healthy body, only lovers, and help each other to develop Thai football far and wide. Whatever you wish, please fulfill your wishes," the captain said. As a representative, I would like to express my gratitude for giving this money to support Thai footballers. Me and the Suzuki Cup players will try to bring the championship home. Thank you very much for the Thai national team to qualify for the final of the ASEAN Championship. 2020 vs Indonesia with 2 matches on 29 December 2021 and 1 January 2022 
Thailand beat Indonesia 2 times on aggregate, beating Vietnam 2 goals|Thailand reached the final against Indonesia after drawing 0-0 with Vietnam in the second semi-final. Today (26 Dec 2021) 2nd ASEAN Cup 2020 semi-final match between Thailand Vietnam vs Vietnam The Thai national team held the advantage as they won the first match 2-0 goals, starting the game Vietnam opened the attack against Thailand continuously, but still could not do anything for the Thai national team. Later, in the 27th field, Sivarak Tetsungnoen came down the field instead. Chatchai Butprom was injured when he cleared the ball just outside the penalty area in first-half injury time. Sarat Yuyen, paid to Theerathon. Boonmatan scored but a save from the goalkeeper unfortunately missed the goal to start the second half in the 50th field. Vietnam Free Kick Header Extraction The ball went in Narubadin's direction and then paid to Tanawat who was substituted in the second half, who had a long shot but did not score. At the end of the first half, Thailand drew 0-0 with Vietnam. Vietnam tried to attack but could not do anything in the 84th minute. Vietnam shot from long range but Sivarak saved it. In the 87th minute, Thailand was fouled by Manuel Tom Beer for a header. Vietnam tried to shoot from the opening ball but kicked it into Tombeer's throat area four minutes into injury time. Vietnam tried to use the long ball to score but could not score to end the game. Thailand drew 0-0 with Vietnam. Thailand qualified for the final due to 2 matches on aggregate. Thailand beat Vietnam 2 goals. Thailand qualified for the final against Indonesia.    
"Mano" Thailand insists Indonesia does not underestimate in the ASEAN Championship.|Mano reveals ASEAN Championship 2020: Thailand does not underestimate Indonesian national team Thailand will analyze the play Find a game plan and pick the best players on the pitch in this game and do your best to win the championship. Today (28 Dec 2021) AFF or ASEAN Football Federation Held a press conference ahead of the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 Final first leg match between Thailand and Indonesia in the semi-finals. Thailand National Team Indonesia beat Vietnam 2-0 on aggregate and Indonesia beat Singapore 5-3 on aggregate in extra time. Head coach of Thailand men's national football team Speaking at a press conference, Mano Polking said: "We know Indonesia's record very well and they have come close to winning many times. Indonesia is a good team and have a day more rest than us, but it doesn't affect the national team. We will analyze the playback. Find a game plan and pick the best players to play in this game. Polking said it was too early to talk about being the No. 1 in ASEAN, and the Thai team still has a goal to win the title back home. There are still two tough games left and we have to concentrate on that, but Indonesia are a team that can play in a variety of ways, like against Vietnam, they defended well and drew 0-0. In other games, they showed that they are dangerous offensively, so the Thai team has to be prepared and plan well. Now, of course, it's 180 minutes of the game where everything is 0-0 again. Thailand will have to start as well as they did against Vietnam because it will help them plan for the second leg well. The most impressive thing about the Indonesian team is: The way they play is a young team and they work hard, the coach has a lot of experience, but the Thai national team will only look at their own team. It's two tough games but we will do our best to bring home the trophy for Thailand against Indonesia. In the finals The 2020 ASEAN Championship will be played with two matches on 29 December 2021 and 1 January 2022 live on Channel 7 HD and AIS Play. "Thailand-Indonesia" In the final of the ASEAN Cup, Thailand beat Indonesia 2 times in total, beating Vietnam by 2 goals.     
 Game Analysis War elephants duel Indo final first leg ASEAN Football Tournament|Thailand National Team Prepare to adjust left-back players in the ASEAN Cup The first leg of the final will be against Indonesia to replace "Theerathon" who is banned with "Captain J" Chanathip as the heart of the attack. Indonesia is a young power team. There is a fast and dangerous offensive game from players like Irfan Jaya today (29 December 2021). ASEAN Football Championship or Suzuki Cup Final First Leg Today Thailand National Team There is a queue to play against Indonesia. Theerathon Boonmathan, who is banned, is an important problem that Mano Polking must solve because Theerathon's record in this Suzuki Cup is excellent both offensively and defensively and only 3 players will have a chance to replace him. The only professional left-back left in the squad so far, Suriya has started one game in the 2-0 win over Singapore, showing determination. But unfortunately, a head injury made him play only half, with a natural left-back that barely required Suriya to adapt. This could be another chance for the other two players to play on the right side. Let's start with Tristan Doe, who was given the chance by Mano to play in this position in the first game of the win. Timor-Leste 2-0 But the game was not difficult and he was able to survive. Doe is a player who is characterized by speed, fitness, action against opponents and a full-back on the line, but opening the ball is still a problem that needs to be solved. When statistics show that Doe has very few shots on target, Philip Roller He's been hit by Mano. He was tested at left-back for a short time in the win over Singapore, with Roller being able to move to the left and being a player with high speed. Able to surge the ball to beat opponents 1-on-1 well, there is also a chance to play in this position to close out Indonesia's strengths, who have speed on the fringes as well for the key man of the Thai national team, "Captain J" Chanathip Songkrasin, who is the heart of the Thai national team's attack. In particular, he created a variety of attacking games, especially his unique abilities, including precise passing, as well as coordinating to score goals, two of which helped Thailand beat Vietnam. It comes from the pace of Captain J as the Indonesian young power team. The 25-year-old winger is known for his quick and sharp fringe play, especially with 25-year-old winger Irfan Jaya, who is a highly technical player. He has speed and agility, especially his style of play, which often dribbles towards the opponent and uses his speed to open the ball on the edge of the line that the Thai national team must be aware of. He is also a player who finds space to score goals well and is sharp and is guaranteed to be the second top scorer in the competition after scoring three goals. Suleman right wing The 20-year-old has current European league experience with Polish side Lashia Godence despite never making the senior squad. The absence of left-back Theerathon, who is banned, may make it a difficult task to deal with this player as well. Having scored 2 goals and provided 3 assists, the key factor for the Thai national team against Indonesia is not to be underestimated, despite having met in the final of the competition 3 times, in 2000, 2002 and 2016, where Thailand won them all. In the finals The 2020 ASEAN Championship will be played with two matches on 29 December 2021 and 1 January 2022 live on Channel 7 HD and AIS Play. Thailand insists Indonesia does not underestimate In the ASEAN Championship back to record "Thailand and Indonesia" ASEAN Cup Final "Somyot" hands 10 million cheque to "players - staff" After reaching the final of the "ASEAN Cup", Thailand beat Indonesia 2 times in total, beating Vietnam 2 goals, "Chanathip" Mao 2 goals, "Thailand" beating "Vietnam" 2-0 in the first match. ASEAN Cup Playoffs
"Madam Pang" delights unbeaten Thai national team hoping to win ASEAN Cup|"Madam Pang" Nuanpan Lamsam, manager of the Thai national football team Thailand unbeaten in ASEAN Championship After winning 4-0 against Indonesia, he hopes to win the trophy back for the Thais. On 29 Dec 2021 Thailand beat Indonesia 4-0 thanks to Chanathip Songkrasin's 2 goals. Sarachart and Bodin Phala in the final. First leg At the 2020 ASEAN Championship at the Singapore National Stadium, Thailand national football team manager Madam Pang Nuanpan Lamsam said that he was very happy because Indonesia had a fast style of play and the players were young, so he was worried, but Thailand won 4-0. The war elephant will win the trophy back to the Thai people, but do not underestimate because anything can happen in the football world, while Madam Pang also said that today Tong Kwin lost his father, who talked at the venue that if lucky enough to score, we will change Tong. It was a moment that showed Tong's determination and dedication on the sad day of Mano. Polking Head coach of Thailand men's national football team Acknowledging that Indonesia had good players, especially on the fringes, Thailand switched to a 4-2-3-1 system to close out the attacking game. When he lost Elias after an injury, he decided to choose Veerathep as a defender instead because he wanted to control the game, possess the ball and keep our approach even if it was risky. He did well, changed a lot of players in this game. Today I have to give credit to all the players. Goalkeeper replacement section I want to explain that we don't have respect for Indonesia, but because Guin's father (tearfully) passed away this afternoon. We want to repay Kavin's dedication by creating a good time for him to play for his father. Thamsatchanan admitted that the Thai national team You still have to keep working hard. Even the first game of the ASEAN Championship. The 2020 final will be a 4-0 win over Indonesia and thanks to his teammates and staff for fighting. Thailand will face Indonesia at the Singapore National Stadium in 2020. On January 1, 2022 at 7:30 p.m. Bangkok Time Read related news "Mano" Thailand insists Indonesia does not underestimate In the ASEAN Championship, Thailand beat Indonesia 4-0. ASEAN Cup Finals First Leg Game Analysis War elephants duel Indo final first leg ASEAN Football Statistics "Thailand and Indonesia" ASEAN Cup Final "Somyot" hands 10 million cheque to "players - staff" After reaching the final of the "ASEAN Cup"  
Thai Karate Team Infected with Covid 18 After Returning from Kazakhstan|The Thai karate team tested positive for COVID-19 after returning from the Asian Championships in Kazakhstan and tested positive upon returning to Thailand today (30 December 2021). Thai Karate Team Returns to Thailand After winning 1 gold, 2 silver and 1 bronze medal at the 2021 Asian Karate Championships in Kazakhstan, he tested positive for COVID-19. Athletes and trainers with officials 18 of the 19 people who traveled together were infected with COVID-19. Per Rattanawattana The coach of Thailand's national karate team at the 2021 Asian Championships revealed that the tournament organizers have not strictly implemented COVID-19 prevention measures. In addition to the Thai team being infected with COVID-19, many athletes from other nations have also contracted COVID-19. At the Asian Karate Championships in Kazakhstan throughout the tournament for almost 10 days, only one ATK test was conducted on the day of arrival. There is no social distancing for all karate athletes who have received two doses of the vaccine, with everyone currently quarantined and taking medication at a paired hotel. Most of them do not have severe illness. 
"Mano" reiterates Thailand's move against Indo to close job winning ASEAN Cup|Mano reveals Thailand will go ahead against Indonesia After winning the first match 4-0, he said he would attack and possess the ball to win the ASEAN Cup and give gifts to the Thai people.
Today (31 Dec 2021) At 11:30 a.m. local time The ASEAN Football Federation (AFF) held a press conference ahead of the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 Final 2nd leg match between Thailand and Indonesia in the first leg. They beat Indonesia 4-0 thanks to two goals from Chanathip Songkrasin and Supachoke Sarachart and Bodin Phala are different doors. While this press conference The Thai national team sent Mano Polking. Head coach and Veerathep Pomphan, players of the Thai national team, attended the press conference. "We have two days to prepare the team from the previous game. Therefore, we focus on recovery. Those who didn't play are training normally to get everything ready for tomorrow's game. We have to decide on the lineup. Yesterday, he reiterated that the finals are not over. The result we did well in the first game. Still have to keep doing one more good game. We want to start the game well again and do well to finish the second leg beautifully, just like the first game." But deny the quality of Chanathip. No, because on the pitch or off the pitch he can show good leadership and his quality is shown. He's having a great tournament, especially for our big games, but like I said, everybody has to try to do it. If there's a chance to play in a stronger league on home, you have to take the chance. What Chanathip It shows that he seized his chance in the J.League and became one of the best players in the J.League. If there was a chance to make it to the semi-final against Vietnam, the first leg we were 2-0 ahead and we had to face more long balls. The situation at that time was to defend tightly. In this first leg, we played our best in the tournament. This makes it very advantageous. Given the current situation, There's no need to defend. We want to finish the tournament. With an attacking game and possession of the ball for the future is important, a player like Veerathep who is playing in this competition for the first time will help build on it and make the future of the Thai national team in a good way. Many of them have done great, like Krisda, who just turned 22 and has played almost every match. In a position that is not dominant. We have a good future, it is part of the future of the national team. We still have a lot of good players. With the U23s going to Uzbekistan, this tournament we didn't have a lot of time to think about training. We only need to get to know what we see from the players. We know these players and they are called together. Explain the game plan clearly. At the end of the day, it's about the players. We have to give them credit for listening and understanding. Done as planned in the past, until the final. Of course, our goal is to win the final in the second game first, and we will tell what the future holds after this. We need to win Game 2 to finish the tournament perfectly. Veerathep Pomphan, midfielder of the Thai national team, said: "For me, it was a good experience and a good way to build on because in the team, both seniors and everyone has all the quality. Whether it's Mui brother Pee J I'm carrying you. That's what I learned. And this is my first tournament on behalf of the national team, so it's exciting. I have a dream to play for the national team once. When assigned, no matter what I do, I will do my best. When you go down, the only thing you think about is doing your best. However, If there is a chance, I would like to try to play abroad. This is about timing and opportunity. If there is a real opportunity, I want to go abroad to develop myself, bring experience to upgrade and extend to the national team so that the Thai national team can develop more. Like the seniors, they have followed in their footsteps, gained experience, developed themselves, and done their best, and will take the Thai national team to the next level and be in a better place. The Thai national team will play in the final. The second leg against Indonesia at Singapore National Stadium on 1 January 2022 at 7.30 p.m. will be broadcast live on Channel 7 HD (No. 35) and AIS Play. Captain J embraces and cheers for "Tong Kawin" Thailand to beat Indonesia 4-0 ASEAN Cup Finals First Leg Game Analysis War elephants duel Indo final first leg ASEAN Football "Mano" Thailand insists Indonesia does not underestimate In the ASEAN Championship, reverse the record. Thailand vs Indonesia ASEAN Cup Final
Prime Minister welcomes "War Elephant" to win ASEAN Cup as New Year's gift to Thai people |A government spokesman said. The Prime Minister congratulates the team. "Chang War" won the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 again as a New Year's gift to Thai people. Spokesperson of the Prime Minister's Office Gen. Prayut Chan-o-cha The Prime Minister and the Minister of Defence congratulated the results of the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020, where the Thai team gave gifts during the New Year 2022 to the public and sports fans by winning the AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 (ASEAN Football Federation Championship) and making history as the champion of the competition for the sixth time. Confident that with readiness The teamwork and potential of the Thai national team will be able to produce many more impressive results in the future. The Thai national team can set a record by winning another title. From the draw with the Indonesian national team. In the finals. The second leg will be played on 1 January 2022 at 7.30 pm at the Singapore National Stadium with a 2-to-2 victory after 29 December 2021. Beat Indonesia In the first match, Thailand won 4-0, which gave Thailand a 6-2 victory in the finals. A spokesman for the Prime Minister's Office said the Thai war elephants did not disappoint Thai fans. The government spokesman said that the government is ready and focused on supporting the sports industry at all times in order to recruit and develop the potential of people who are interested in sports to succeed in the professional sports path, as well as the government is ready to develop the body of knowledge and sports personnel and support the organization of sports events in the country, as well as improve the organization of competitions to suit the times to promote the country's economic recovery. I leave it to the people to join together to cheer up. Cheering and following the performance of the Thai war elephant team and other athletes to be one of the encouragement for the Thai athletes to continue to produce excellent performances. AFF Suzuki Cup The ASEAN Football Federation (AFF) and Thailand have won the competition 6 times: 1996, 2000, 2002, 2014, 2016.  
"Mano Polking" reveals that Thai football must look beyond ASEAN |Mano Polking Thailand National Team Identification We have to look beyond being the number one ASEAN. Stressing that he must look at the continental level or go to the World Cup today (January 2, 2022), Mano Polking believes that the Thai national team We have to look beyond being the number one in Southeast Asia after winning the championship. AFF Suzuki Cup 2020 Thailand drew 2-2 with Indonesia in the second leg and won the championship 6-2 on aggregate. "This championship is special and the national team is very special, I just want to thank the managers, players and fans, we don't have much time to prepare before the match because many players are committed to the domestic football league." Say, all players show admirable professionalism. Apart from the talent, I changed the staff a lot and almost everyone was impressed with me, we scored and showed our ability and proved our ability defensively, for example against Vietnam in the semi-finals and Indonesia in the final. Everyone proved themselves well, we won the competition. AFF Suzuki Cup But we don't just want to be number one in ASEAN, we want more. We don't just want to be champions today, but tomorrow. We look to continental competition. Thailand will return home immediately and will arrive at Suvarnabhumi International Airport on January 2, 2022 at approximately 2.50 p.m. Read related news Thailand wins ASEAN Cup 2020, sets record of 6-time champion Prime Minister welcomes "War Elephant" to win ASEAN Cup as New Year's gift for Thai people "Madame Pang" Thank you for all the cheering. Help Thailand win the ASEAN Cup  
"Kawin" hopes to follow in his father's footsteps and take care of his family as best as possible. |Kawin Thamsatchanan, goalkeeper for Thailand national team I hope to have the opportunity to return to play in the Thai League to take care of my family closely. After his loss, my father never returned after his loss. Father Pramuan Thamsatchanan has been away from cancer since December 29, but Thailand goalkeeper Kawin Thamsatchanan is still with the national team until he won the ASEAN Cup after returning to Thailand yesterday and has completed the quarantine process. Today, Kawin and his family participated in the funeral watering ceremony and Abhidhamma prayers. Father Prasad is the first day of Kawin. Opening up to the press for the first time, talking about the moment he learned he had lost his father. He admitted it was the toughest time of his life, but he got the support of the manager, coaches, team-mates and fans to get through it. Playing in the 4-0 win over Indonesia was a multi-emotional moment, but I believe my father will be proud and from now on will take care of my mother and family instead of him as best as possible for the future. Moving forward, Kwin revealed that he had spoken to OH Leuven. He would like to stay in Thailand to take care of his mother first at this time, but he is open to various offers because he wants a chance to play. It is expected that Kwin has a high chance of returning to play in the Thai League again. The Thai League transfer window will close tomorrow at the same time. Madame Pang Nuanpan Lamsam, the manager of the Thai national team, also hosted the funeral prayers for Kawin's father for the first night, which was attended by head coach Mano Polking and some footballers.
 Novak Djokovic loses appeal to be deported by Australia|"Novak Djokovic" Serbia's world No.1 is set to be deported from Australia. After the court ruled that it lost in the second appeal today (January 16, 2022). An Australian court read the outcome of Novak Djokovic's appeal after immigration Minister Alex Hawke cancelled his visa because he said Djokovic's refusal to be vaccinated against COVID-19 posed a risk to public health in the country. The appeal was rejected, stating that the reasons would be explained at a later date. As a result, Djokovic is preparing to be deported from Australia. The first round is scheduled for Monday, January 17, and will be responsible for all court costs, and there have been reports that the deportation order could result in Djokovic being banned from entering Australia. for 3 years as well. Related News Australia cancels visa Djokovic faces Djokovic's second round verdict tomorrow I was denied a visa to enter Australia.   
Elderly swimmers break records and compete internationally|THAI SWIMMING ASSOCIATION CELEBRATES THAILAND'S SENIOR SWIMMERS IN THAILAND OPEN MASTERS GAMES TO COMPETE IN WORLD MASTERS GAMES IN JAPAN Today (17 Jan 2022) Gen. Charoen Nopsuwan Secretary General, Swimming Association of Thailand Revealed that the 2nd Thailand Open Masters Games in Songkhla province, which has just ended, the Swimming Association of Thailand. Commissioned by the Thai Geriatric Sports Association with Maj. Gen. Jaruk Areeracharan as the president of the association to watch and organize swimming competitions together with Dr. Taweechok. Dee Pong The president of the Masters Swimming Department is running an elderly swimmer from all over the country. 160 participants aged 25 and over The oldest is 93 years old, and his physical health is still strong, winning 3 gold medals. The competition also broke several records, which were attended by elderly athletes from the Prachanivej Sports Center. AS WELL AS SWIMMERS FROM POLO CLUB BREAKING 7 RECORDS, INCLUDING 4 AIR FORCE AND 1 BEST CLUB ATHLETE, THE SENIOR ATHLETE'S RECORD WILL BE CONSIDERED FOR THE WORLD MASTERS GAMES IN KANSAI, JAPAN. During the month This May
The sports industry lost "Jenjira Srisongkram", a former target of the Thai national team. |"Jenjira Srisongkram", former target of the Thai national team, has died. After battling a medical condition for 2 years, today (January 17, 2022) "Jenjira Srisongkram", a former national team target shooter. The 37-year-old passed away peacefully. After battling a medical condition for 2 years. Abhidhamma prayer ceremony held at Wat Lat Bua Luang Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Prayers are scheduled for Jan. 17-22 and a funeral service will be held on Sunday, Jan. 23. Genjira is a former Thai national target shooter who has made many contributions to Thailand such as the gold medal at the 2007 World University Games and the silver medal in women's double-trap. 2006 Doha Asian Games, Women's Individual Bronze Medal and Women's Double-Trap Guangzhou Asian Games 2010 and other sports events    
Mink Saraburi knocks down world No. 1 to win women's professional snooker championship Comment No. 2   |Once again, Thai athletes have made their mark on the world. After the last Mink Saraburi or Natcharat Wongharuthai Won the women's professional snooker championship in England to win the big one, follow the foreground and behind the success of Mink "Mink Saraburi". World No. 3 female snooker player The best performance to knock down the world No. 1 Winning the 2nd career title of her life. And inspire Thai youth to devote themselves to sports in order to develop into a profession to become the pride of the Thai snooker industry. After Mink Saraburi Natcharat Wongharuthai The 21-year-old is the No. 3 player in the world. Beat British world No. 1 Riane Evans The 12-time world champion went 4-3 frames to win the British Women's Open in Leicester, England. And it's the world's largest collection of champions. Item 2 that Mink can do Continued from 2019 in Australia As a child, Mink has been playing snooker since he was 10 years old due to his closeness to his mother, who worked as cashier in his father's snooker club. Big Saraburi resulted in Mink. There was a chance to practice with the first coach "Big Saraburi" or Attasit Mahitthi, Thailand's leading skipper player, before the family encouraged their daughter to fully focus on snooker by training an average of 8-10 hours a day and taking breaks for only 1 day a week for the dream of improving the quality of life of the family, especially mom and dad. who is behind her success to have a better life. In addition, She also wants Thai society to be more open to the sport of snooker than it is today, to help develop Thai youth to become professional athletes steadily, Mink Saraburi's outstanding performance is unusual because she has won 3 consecutive World Amateur Championships, 2 Women's Championships, 2 World 6 Championships and 1 Asian Indoor Games gold medal. On February 10-14 in Sheffield, this competition has 3 Thai skippers. Sriracha or Siripaporn Nuan-Takhamchan, Aem Nakhon Pathom or Warattanan Supkrit-Thanes and Ploy-Khon Kaen or Ploy Chompoo Lakiatpong for Mink's ultimate goal is to compete in the World Snooker Championship with the top 16 men's competitors in the world. At the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England, Mink had to compete in four qualifying rounds before securing a ticket to the Round of 32 at the Crucible Theatre.
Thailand debut Singapore vs Singapore in the ASEAN U23 Football Championship in Cambodia|  Thai Debut Singapore vs Singapore in the ASEAN U23 Football Championship on 16 February 2022 at 7.00 p.m. at Prince Stadium, Cambodia. Today (19 Jan 2022) ASEAN Football Federation (AFF) announces ASEAN Football Championship fixtures Thailand U-23 2022 will be played on 16 February 2022 at 7 p.m. at Prince Stadium. vs Vietnam on February 22, 2022 at 7pm Prince Stadium for the ASEAN Football Championship. The Under-23s were divided into 3 groups, with the winner of the group and the best 2nd place in 1 of 3 groups advancing to the semi-finals of the competition. Appointed Salvador Valero Garcia as head coach. In leading the team in this competition, the Thai national under-19 team players are the main force of the competition.
Fight hard! Thailand women's soccer team lost to Australia 1-2 but qualified for the round of 8.|Thailand women's national football team beat Australia to impress fans Despite losing 1-2 in the end, they qualified for the last 8 on January 27, 2022. FIFA Women's Asia Cup 2022 in India Group Stage Group B In the final match, Thailand meets Australia who have already qualified, which Thailand needs to win or draw to advance to the next round. Miyo Okamoto returned to Suchavadee Nilthumrong as a striker alongside Saowalak Penggam, as well as Irrawaddy Macreese and Tiffany Darunee who performed well in the 4-0 win over Indonesia. But it was the second goal in the 80th minute when Tiffany picked up Sam Kerr's loose ball and it was Sam Kerr's seventh goal of the tournament in injury time. Thailand scored an incredible breakaway goal from a corner kick taken by the Australian goalkeeper. Punch the ball into the way of Nipawan Pannosuk Shoot the autumn leaf into the ball beautifully to make Thailand chase 1-2 and end the game with this score, allowing Australia to collect 9 full points to win Group B to face South Korea, while Thailand finished in 3rd place, the best 1 of 2 teams to advance to the last 8 teams. Thailand finished 3rd in the group, but remained the best performing team in the 3rd place group and advanced to face Japan in the last 8. They will face Japan on January 30 at 3:00 p.m. local time. Whoever wins this round will get a ticket to the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand next year. The loser advances to the playoffs. 
Legendary quarterback Tom Brady has announced his retirement.  |Legendary quarterback Tom Brady has confirmed his retirement on Twitter. With 10 Super Bowl finals and seven-time Super Bowl titles, 44-year-old American football quarterback Tom Brady, is a quarterback. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers announced their retirement on Twitter, ending a 22-year American football career. Petraeus also expressed his gratitude to Tom Brady, a legendary American football player who led the team to 10 Super Bowl finals and seven championships. 6-time Patriots, 1-time Tampa Bay Buccaneers) and set many records over the course of 22 years pic.twitter.com/6gyAzHQOsZ  
"Beckham" posts congratulations to Chinese women's soccer player After leading the team to win the 2022 Asian Championship. |David Beckham congratulates Zhang Linyan, China women's national football team player After leading the team to win the 2022 Asian Championship today (9 February 2022), former world footballer David Beckham has announced that he will be joining the club. Congratulating Zhang Linyan, the Chinese women's national football team, on social media "Weibo" after the Chinese women's football team won the 2022 Asian Championships, marking their return to winning ways in 16 years after their last title win in 2006.
"Chanathip" First leg for Frontale|Chanathip Songkrasin made his debut for new club Kawasaki Frontale. In a football championship fight. Super Cup despite losing Urawa Red Diamonds 0-2 missed out on winning the title today (February 12, 2022) Chanathip Songkrasin made his debut for new club Kawasaki Frontale. In a football championship fight. In this Super Cup match against Urawa Red Diamonds, Chanathip was given the chance to make his first 11 appearance in the starting line-up since joining from Consadole. Sapporo with a fee of over 130 million baht. He plays in the left-wing attacking position alongside Leandro Damião. Throughout the 77 minutes that the captain of the Thai national team was on the pitch, he had 1 shot chance, 5 passes into the final area, 62 passes, which is 87 percent success, winning 5 head-to-head duels and calling 3 fouls, which is the highest in this match. The 2018 J.League Player of the Year still needs to adapt to the team's style that emphasizes one-stroke passing. But speaking of unique skills, Chanathip is well done and can survive almost every stroke. Kawasaki Fontane's next match will be his J.League debut. The home opener against FC Tokyo will take place on Friday, February 18 at 5:00 p.m.Read related news Kawasaki Frontale welcomes "Chanathip" to join the J-League "Chanathip" Moving to Kawasaki Frontale hoping to fulfill his dream of winning the J-League
Do your best! Nicola Sanone ranks 4th in Asia Alpine Skiing Beijing Games|Thai athlete Nicola Sanone performed better than expected, finishing both rounds with the 4th best time in Asia. In the Giant Slalom Ski Race.
Thailand's Highlights in the Competition The Beijing Winter Olympics are in the men's alpine giant slalom from Nicola Sanone who had the best time in the morning. He placed 44th in the first round and qualified for the medal final. Sanone Continued to perform well. He finished 37th in the race, placing 4th among athletes from the Asian zone and the first time a Thai skier had finished below 40th, while the championship was won by Marco Odemat of Switzerland, a six-time former world junior champion. Thailand's Sanone clocked 29.01 seconds for Sanone to compete in the men's slee slalom on February 16 and Mak Chanluang will be the last Thai athlete to compete in the men's 50km cross-country skiing event on February 19 ahead of the closing ceremony on February 20, 2022. 
Nicola Sanone finished 3rd in Asia. Alpine Skiing Slalom|Nicola Sanone Half Thai-Italian made a satisfactory final performance at the "Beijing Games". After the 3rd best time in Asia. In alpine skiing, slalom
Today (16 Feb 2022) In the alpine skiing slalom category, Nikola Sanone set a 45th-best time out of 88 athletes in the first run. Qualified to compete for the medal in Run 2 in Run 2 Sanone Pass the exam and perform satisfactorily. When skiing down the hill all the way to the shore, the finish line was successful. In total, Sanone's time was 02.07.95 minutes, finishing 40th in the competition and 3rd in Asia. The championship went to Noel Clement of France. Sanone was 23.86 seconds behind the end of the race on target to finish two runs. Sanone got a gift from the coach for a good burger. After being banned from eating for several days. Nicola Sanone finished 38th in the competition and is ranked 4th in Asia for Thai athletes, with one event remaining, the men's 50km cross-country ski-free mass start from Mak Chanluang on February 19 at 1:00 p.m. local time. Sanone ranks 4th in Asia Alpine Skiing Beijing Games Yellow Chan" First Thai athlete to compete in Beijing Games 
"Mink Saraburi" Won the Women's Snooker World Championship|"Mink Saraburi" Making history in women's snooker world championship after turning things around to win Wendy Jans, a Belgian skipper, in the final.
Today (15 Feb 2022) Women's Snooker World Championship at Ting Junhui Academy in Sheffield, England Mink Saraburi or Natcharat Wongharuthai The 22-year-old Thai skipper is looking to win his first world title. After reaching the final against Wendy Jans, the 38-year-old skipper from Belgium Mink Saraburi defeated three-time world champion Ng On-yee of Hong Kong in the last 8, as did Wendy Jans, who flipped the lock to the final. Reanne Evan, the number one and 12-time world champion, won 4-1 frames in the last 8 of the final using a 6 of 11 frame system, and Wendy Jans relied on experience to take a 5-3 lead and needed one more frame to win the title. Wendy Jans slapped a mistake before Mink stabbed into the middle hole and closed the frame with a score of 65-53 and won the world championship by beating Wendy Jans 6-5. Mink Saraburi won the women's snooker world championship for the first time in history with a prize fund of £6,000 or about 260,000 baht. Mink Saraburi reached the final of the World Championships in 2019, but lost to runners-up Reanne Evans and then the Women's Snooker World Championship was suspended for two years due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  
"Coach Oud" Decided to resign from the management of the "Port Authority" team.|"Coach Oud" Sarawut Triphan Decided to resign from the management of the "Port Authority" to take responsibility for the performance that did not meet the goals today (February 21, 2022), "Coach Oud" Sarawut Triphan took over the team for the 2nd time in November last year. Coach Oud Decided to resign as head coach of Port Authority F.C. to take responsibility for the performance that led the team to win only 1 game from the second leg of the Thai League, which the last game was a loss to Buriram. United 1-2 Coach Oud said of the decision: "In the past, I had all the support from the club, but since the results did not meet the goals and were not where we should be, then as a coach I resigned to take responsibility for the performance and to allow the club to move forward. Believe that with the potential of the existing team. The team is back where it should be. last I want to thank the Port fans for their support, it was a very good time." The Port Authority currently sits seventh in the table and has been eliminated from both cup competitions. The Port Authority has appointed Werayut Bin Abdullahman, assistant coach, to take over as interim manager. The Port Authority's next program will be against Samut Prakan City in the Thai League on February 27. Related News "Madame Pang" Insist on not dismissing "Coach Oud" even if the team has not won 5 times in a row. 
AFC confirms 6 hosts 2023 AFC Asian Cup qualification|The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) sent a letter confirming the six host nations. The 2023 AFC Asian Cup qualifiers will be held in June. Today (17 Feb 2022) Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Send a letter confirming the 6 host nations The 2023 AFC Asian Cup qualifiers will be held in the next month. This June, the 6 nations chosen as hosts are: India, Kuwait, Republic of Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Mongolia and Uzbekistan will be drawn from 8 to 14 June 2022 with the draw on 24 February 2022 divided into 4 groups of 6 bowls, with the winners of 6 groups and the best 5 runners-up from 6 groups participating in the final round of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup. Pot 1: Uzbekistan (host), Bahrain, Jordan, Kyrgyzstan (host), Palestine, India (host) Pot 2: Thailand, Tajikistan, Philippines, Turkmenistan, Kuwait (host), Hong Kong Pot 3: Afghanistan, Yemen, Myanmar, Malaysia (hosts), Maldives, Indonesia Pot 4: Singapore, Nepal, Cambodia, Mongolia (hosts), Bangladesh, Sri Lanka
10 Vietnamese players tested positive for COVID-19 ahead of ASEAN U23 Championship|Cheer for the "War Elephants" with the final match of the ASEAN U23 Championship Group C between Thailand and Vietnam. COVID-19 is a team but can still compete against Thailand today (22 February 2022). The situation of the Vietnamese players is critical. As many as 10 players were found to be infected with COVID-19, including one high-risk player and four in quarantine, leaving only 13 players in quarantine. At least 14 players must be registered to compete. Six new players from Vietnam have been brought in to strengthen the squad as they arrive in Cambodia this afternoon. However, he did not play against Thailand because he had to wait for the COVID-19 RT-PCR test result by the ad hoc rules of the ASEAN Football Confederation. Each nation will be allowed to call up 10 players 12 hours in advance to address the ongoing COVID-19 crisis among the 23-year-old's squad for the ASEAN Championship in Cambodia, which Indonesia withdrew but did not travel, and Myanmar, which withdrew during a stay in Phnom Penh. The Thai players tested positive for COVID-19 and tested positive for COVID-19 with ATK and the result is safe for everyone before the match against Vietnam at 7pm today at the Prince Stadium. Head Coach of Thailand U23 National Team Although many Vietnamese players are infected with COVID-19, the number 11 striker Nguyen Van Tung and the number 6 attacking midfielder Sung Quang Yoh are two players that the Thai team needs to be especially careful about the qualification conditions of Thailand. Vietnam will qualify for the 2nd place immediately, and if Thailand wins, they will qualify as group champions. No more than 2 goals must be played in Thailand to qualify for the 2nd place. The 23-year-old's record of meetings between Thailand and Vietnam at the age of 23 has met 14 times, Thailand is slightly superior after 6 wins, 4 draws and 4 draws, most recently Thailand drew 2-2 with Vietnam at the 2019 SEA Games in the Philippines. Read related news "Teerasak" Double: Thailand beat Singapore 3-1 in ASEAN U23 Championship debut 
Good news! Reinstate Thailand after banned substances |Good news! Acknowledge the "Wada" report. Thailand has been reinstated in the case of banned substances on February 3, approving a 4.5 million baht athlete empowerment fund for the badminton team after winning 1 gold medal. Today (23 Feb 2022) Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister presided over the meeting. The Sports Commission of Thailand (SAT) No. 2/2022 and the National Sports Development Fund Executive Committee Meeting No. 1/2022 through the VDO Conference system. Control of Prohibited Substances in Sports Act B.E. 2555 (2012) The World Anti-Doping Organization (WADA) announced the announcement on its official website. 3rd Feb ago Notification of Impeachment of Thailand Removed from the list of non-compliant parties and reinstated in accordance with the requirements. In addition, the meeting To acknowledge the conclusion of the 24th Olympic Games (Winter) Beijing The outstanding Thai athletes include Karen Chanloung competing in the cross-country skiing category in the women's Individual Sprint Free category, placing 6th in Asia, Mark chanloung in the cross-country skiing category, Men Individual Sprint Free in the 3rd place in Asia, and Nicola zanon in Alpine skiing in the Men Giant Slalom category, placing 4th in Asia. Thailand does not have cold weather to the level of snow. In addition, the meeting approved the appointment of Gen. Kanit Sapitak is the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Operational Screening and Appointment. Gen. Nat Intaracharoen is the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Human Resources Management to increase operational efficiency in the country's sports development. In addition, Gen. Prawit chaired a meeting of the Executive Committee of the National Sports Development Fund, which had an agenda to consider and approve the sponsorship of prize money for athletes, coaches and sports associations, namely the Badminton Association, to participate in international competitions. Total Energies BWF World Championships 2021, Hulelva, Spain Generate 1 gold medal for general edition 4,500,000 baht and approve support for sports development budget according to the 65th Annual Plan, such as supporting the system of developing athletes towards excellence at the national and international levels.  Supporting the organization of professional sports competitions to create economic value and promoting the hosting of national and international competitions, including pushing the sport of Muay Thai to meet international standards, etc. KMS banned substances after being punished by "Wada" 
Thailand beat Laos 2-0 to win ASEAN U23   |Thailand beat Laos 2-0 to advance to the ASEAN U-23 tournament, where the winner of the match will face Timor Leste or Vietnam in the final. Date 26 Feb 22 Today (24 February 2022) at 4.00 p.m. at the National Stadium of Teisho Heritage, Phnom Penh. ASEAN Football Championship Under-23 Semi-finals Laos, winners of Group B, meet Thailand, runners-up of Group C. Laos beat Malaysia in both matches. Thailand beat Singapore and lost to Vietnam in this game. Salvador Valero Garcia Only one player was changed by sending Century Leela as the starter in place of Khana Kham Yok. The rest of the squad was led by Teerasak Phipmai, Krirkpol Abram and Anusak Jaipetch, while Laos led by Bunpachan Bunkong started the game just 14 minutes later. Open into the middle and support Laos communicated poorly through Teerasak Phimai to give Thailand a 1-0 lead and the only goal in the first half of the second half in the 52nd minute, Thailand won a penalty when At Wiang Kham fouled Thawatchai Inprakhon and Krirkpol Abram was responsible for the kill. Laos went 2-0 up in the 54th minute, Laos almost scored a goal to equalize through Phuwiang Ponsawath. Narongsak Chuangwongsa's shot and Bunpachan Bunkong hit the crossbar in the 56th minute, Thailand almost got the lead from the moment Krirkpol Abram paid for Theerashakdi. Phimai turned around and fired into the safe. The rest of the time there were no more goals. defeat Laos went 2-0 to advance to the final of the Asian Championship. For the third time, Thailand will face either Timor-Leste or Vietnam in the final of the ASEAN Championship. The Under-23 World Cup will take place at the National Stadium Heritage Teisho on 26 February 2022 at 7.30 pm, live on True4U. Siddha Boonlah, Siddha Boonlah, Century Leela, Teerasak Phipmai, Nipitphon Wongpanya, Tanawat Saipetch, Waris Chuthong, Krirkpol Abram, Anusak Jaipetch (C)
"UEFA" urgent meeting today After Russia's invasion of Ukraine,|UEFA is set to convene an urgent meeting of member states today (Feb 25) to deal with the situation for the tournament after Russia launched its invasion. Ukraine Today (25 Feb 2022) The European Football Federation (UEFA) does not sit down. After Russia officially launched its invasion of Ukraine, members of the National Assembly are set to convene an urgent meeting. Today at 4:00 p.m. local time In order to deal with various situations that may affect football competitions in Europe, three important considerations will be taken into account. The league final is scheduled to take place at the Gazprom Arena in St. Petersburg, Russia, on May 28, although it has not yet been confirmed, but all media outlets have confirmed that UEFA will definitely switch to another stadium. The 2020 league was postponed to 2022 due to COVID and was not held again. Because of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the next issue is to consider severing ties with Gazprom. Russian energy giant Gazprom is the main sponsor of UEFA, offering 40 million euros or nearly 1,500 million baht a year. Schalke 04, Germany's leading football team, said in a statement that the logo of Gazprom, the club's main sponsor since 2007, will be removed from the chest of the kit and replaced with the club's name. From the next game onwards, the last priority is the World Cup. Europe Zone Playoffs for both Russia and Ukraine Ukraine should not have a problem because they fly to Scotland to play at home, and if Ukraine wins, the next round will have to be postponed to an away team. Russia has a home opener against Poland on March 24, and if Russia wins, they will play another home game. The winner of the match between Sweden and the Czech Republic will be announced on March 29, with the football associations of all three nations sending a letter to FIFA. Confirmed that he will not travel to Russia to compete. 
Liverpool win on penalties, Chelsea win League Cup 9th Period |Liverpool win on penalties, Chelsea win Carabao Cup 9th Carabao Cup In the final at Wembley Stadium, Liverpool vs Chelsea before the game, both teams expressed their support for Ukraine, which has been hit by Russia's military attack on Thiago. Liverpool midfielder Alcantara suffered an injury during the warm-up and missed the match. With Alisson Becker comforting on the sidelines, the two teams fought a fun battle. There were plenty of scoring chances, with Chelsea having Edouard Mendy make several beautiful saves, as did Quivin. Liverpool goalkeeper Kelleher, who defended Liverpool's goal several times, had a shot and VAR denied the goal. Chelsea scored twice but went ahead on both occasions after 90 minutes to draw 0-0.Drama came on in the penalty shoot-out, Thomas Tuchel replaced Mendy and replaced Kepa with a penalty save. Can't save at all. Before both goalkeepers had to come in for the 11th goal, Kelleher scored first and then fired in. Liverpool's 11-10 win on penalties secured the Carabao Cup title.
The International Volleyball Federation withdrew Russia's right to hold the World Championship. |The International Volleyball Federation is another sports organization that has responded to Russia by withdrawing its rights to host the International Volleyball Federation World Championship. The FIVB has withdrawn Russia's right to host the FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship. During the month August - September Following the Russian government's military invasion of Ukraine, FIVB said the federation is concerned about the situation and the safety of the Ukrainian people. The federation's executive committee concluded that in times of war, it was unable to prepare for the World Championships in Russia and decided to abolish the rights to organize Russia. Following the UEFA Champions League final, he moved from St. Petersburg to Paris. France, while Formula One canceled the race. Russian Grand Prix in a month It's September. The FIVB also banned volleyball players. Russia and Belarus also participate in various tournaments.
World Taekwondo Federation secures Putin's honorary black belt|World Taekwondo Federation Vladimir Putin's Honorary Taekwondo Black Belt Removed President of the Russian World Taekwondo Federation Vladimir Putin's 9th Honorary Taekwondo Black Belt Removed President of Russia In November 2013, the World Taekwondo Federation argued that Putin's actions were contrary to the organization's motto that peace is worth more than victory. A brutal attack is an act that violates the values of sports, of respect and tolerance, for Putin is skilled in many sports. In addition to Taekwondo, Putin is also good at ice hockey. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has decided to restore the Olympic Order honorary award from Putin and other members of the Russian government who had previously received the award.
Arrange "Red Ball Boiling" Hope Thailand gains image in economy and tourism|Organizer of the Red Rage Football Tournament in Thailand It is a request from agencies that think they can support the game to happen. Hopefully, what Thailand will gain is an image of the economy and tourism.
  Today (3 Mar 2022) Mr. Vinit Lertrattanachai, Chief Executive Officer of Fresh Air Festival Co., Ltd., organized the football match between Liverpool and Manchester United at Rajamangala Stadium on July 12. He said that Thailand will gain a good image in tourism and build confidence for investors because this kind of activity is not just happening for one day, there are other activities that can continue until the end of the year. As for the issues that were previously criticized. about the inappropriateness of requesting a budget from the Ministry of Tourism and Sports of 400 million baht. Mr. Vinit said the project was this big. It is necessary to seek help from all parties, both public and private, but in what form of assistance will be provided is something that each agency will consider. Mr. Vinit stated that there will be a wave of alertness. At least 10,000 fans across ASEAN, including Japan and South Korea, are expected to attend the game. Fans who will be watching the game must be vaccinated and will be required to take an ATK test before entering the stadium. Next week, there will be another press conference which will feature former players from both teams, including Andy Cole and Luis Garcia. Join activities with Thai youth Read more news "Hippo" testifies to police for the 2nd time, pointing out that there are still doubts in many cases "Russia-Ukraine" negotiations round 2, expecting to focus on ceasefire - open way to help civilians accelerate water depletion Prepare for new water in 3 southern provinces
Ukrainian athletes continue to enter the battlefield for their homeland.   |The impact of Russia's war on Ukraine has recently seen sad news. When 2 Ukrainian footballers and skiers died On the battlefield, on the other hand, there are Ukrainian athletes. The International Federation of Professional Footballers (FIFPRO) has confirmed that Vitali Zapilo A young footballer from the Carpaty team. Lviv The 21-year-old asked to join the Ukrainian Defense Forces. As a tank commander, he died while defending his homeland against the invasion of Russian soldiers, including Dimitro Martinenko. A 25-year-old amateur footballer who died along with his mother. The couple's residence was bombed by Russian military forces. And there's Yevhen Malishev. The 20-year-old futuristic skier also died in battle. After defending the country against Russian aggression, several Ukrainian athletes fought in the war, led by brothers Vitali and heavyweight legend Vladimir Klitschko, who have announced they will wear military uniforms and their elder, Vladimir Klitschko, 50, who is now mayor of Kyiv. "There is no other option to do this because I believe in Ukraine. believe in the country and in its own people," the next one is. A fighter who was once regarded as the best in comparison. Pound for pound is Vasily Lomachenko. The former three-weight world champion has previously reportedly left Ukraine. After Russia announced the attack, he left for Greece, but eventually changed his mind to join the fight and returned to Ukraine via Romania. Lomachenko is affiliated with the city's territorial defense force. The current four-time world heavyweight champion is Alexander Usyk, who won the title late last year by defeating Anthony Joshua. Putin urged neighboring countries to stop sending troops to invade Ukraine and called for a peaceful solution through dialogue. Yuri Wernidub, the football coach of the Sheriff team, has returned to his homeland to take up arms against Russian forces. It has recently made its name all over European football. When taking Sheriff Small teams from Moldova reach the UEFA Champions League group stage. He has impressed despite being with giants Real Madrid, Inter Milan and Shakhtar Donetsk, especially in a 2-1 win over Madrid, as well as tennis players Sergey Stakovsky and Yaroslav Amosov. Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Athlete and Oleh Former right-back Luzhni (football) has played for Arsenal and Wolverhampton. Wanderers and expect many more. If the situation is prolonged, even if it does not come, it will help support money or give Encouragement via social media to read related news Russia claims to seize "Kherson" city continues to fire on "Kharkiv city" Ukraine war refugees spill over Europe1 week, Russia attacks At least 2,000 Ukrainians have died.
"Propeller Sriracha" beat "Mink Saraburi" Win the Asian Snooker Championship|"Propeller Sriracha" wins Asian Amateur Snooker Championship After beating "Mink Saraburi" 3-2 Frame on 7 Mar 2022 The Asian Amateur Snooker Championship (ACBS Snooker Championship 2022) will be held in Doha, Qatar. Women's singles final: 2 Thai women meet "Propeller Sriracha" or Siripaporn Nuan Takhamchan, the 2557 World Amateur Champion, against "Mink Saraburi" or Natcharan Wongharuthai. World Champion Degree The pair were roommates who stayed in the same room during their trip to Qatar for the tournament using a 3 out of 5 frame system. Sriracha tried to put pressure on Mink Saraburi but made a mistake himself, giving Mink a 1-0 lead before the propeller controlled the game. 1-1 into the third frame, Mink stabbed to collect points until the slash to win 61-50 propellers to take a 2-1 lead, the four-blade frame came out to press 52 points and won 72-9 to draw Mink Saraburi 2-2. Saraburi went 67-8 to win the Asian Championship by beating Mink Saraburi 3-2 frames to win the first Asian championship of the propeller. Sriracha Mink Saraburi is considered the runner-up of 2 consecutive titles. After previously being runner-up in the World Amateur Championship. Related News "Mink Saraburi" Won the Women's Snooker World Championship "Mink Saraburi" Won the 6-red snooker championship in Qatar   
"Liverpool" lost to "Inter" 2 games on aggregate, "Liverpool" also qualified for the "Champions League" |Liverpool lost to Inter Milan at Anfield but survived two games on aggregate to reach the quarter-finals. UEFA Champions Game The second leg of the Round of 16 match is highlighted at the stadium. Anfield Liverpool The first leg was against Inter Milan from Italy. Liverpool beat Inter 2-0 in the final moments before Lautaro Martinez's brilliant strike gave Inter the lead in the 62nd minute. Sanchez was sent off with a second yellow card and then scored no more goals as Inter Milan won 1-0 despite Liverpool losing the match. Anfield But after two games on aggregate, Liverpool went 2-1 up to secure a ticket to the quarter-finals. The other pair. Bayern Munich vs Austria's Red Bull Salzburg scored three goals in just 23 minutes from the start of the game to set a new record for a hat-trick in a Champions League game. Bayern also had Thomas Muller scoring two solo goals, plus Serge Naby and LeRoy. Sanae The other player scored one goal each to help the team beat Salzburg 7-1 on aggregate to win 8-2 to advance to the last 8 as well.
The deadline to sell Chelsea is within a month. This May|Chelsea's exit after Roman Abramovich was frozen by the UK government was to try to sell the club before the end of the month. Under the caveat, Abramovich will not receive any money from the sale of the team. Worst case If the sale fails, Chelsea have a chance to take control and cut by 9 points.
Today (11 Mar 2022) After Roman Abramovich was frozen by the British government. A special Chelsea licence has been issued to allow Chelsea to play as usual. More than 1,400 footballers and staff will continue to receive regular salaries and run the club until the end of the month. This May, which is the deadline for the sale of the club, and the sale of this club. must not be related to the proceeds from the sale of the team if: Chelsea failed to sell the club by the deadline. British media reported that Chelsea's operating licence would not be renewed, the club would then be taken over, leading to a bankruptcy and a nine-point cut, affecting their chances of qualifying for the Champions League. As a result, shirt supporters like Three have suspended their £40m contract and the club has lost £600,000 in revenue. One home game was banned from selling tickets and merchandise. Most Chelsea supporters, meanwhile, are unhappy with Abramovich's asset freeze, believing sanctions will hardly change because Abramovich is not funding Russia's war efforts, but Russia's capital. The sale of natural gas and oil to the EU is $1 billion a dayRead related news British government freezes Abramovich assets Chelsea owner Abramovich has announced the sale of Chelsea, believing it is a good solution for the club.
Prepare to upgrade the Rajamangala Stadium for the red football match|Liverpool and Manchester United Confirmed to compete in the Red Rage football match in Thailand on July 12, 2022 Representatives of both clubs have come to inspect the readiness of Rajamangala Stadium, which will require a major renovation today (March 9, 2022). Representatives of Liverpool and Manchester United came to inspect the readiness of Rajamangala Stadium along with the management of Fresh Air Festival Co., Ltd., which is the organizer of the Red Rage football match. But what still needs to be improved is the turf surface that has not yet met FIFA standards and the standard that both teams are satisfied with because it has not been renovated in almost 20 years. Mr. Vinit Lertrattanachai revealed that the renovation will use the entire budget of Fresh Air without using state funds. In addition, there are some areas that will be decorated in a red-hot atmosphere. Mr. Kongsakd Yodmanee said the competition management department can step in and manage the improvements. But on the other hand, the state only benefits from this improvement. The organizers are expected to start operations on March 15 with plans to sell 59,000 tickets, exceeding the capacity of the Rajamangala Stadium to 5,1000 people. Of the 59,000 seats, 29,000 fans from Bangkok, 10,000 fans from upcountry and 20,000 fans from ASEAN and Japan are expected. Read related news Arrange "Red Ball Boiling" Hope Thailand gains image in economy and tourism  
Bangkok FC terminates contract "Isares" elbow teeth at rival players|Bangkok FC has terminated the contract of "Isares Noijaiboon" effective immediately after elbowing at a North Bangkok team player. Thai League 3 Champions League round Stance does not support unsportsmanlike and violence from Isares Noijaiboon who elbowed a North Bangkok team player during injury time until he received a red card and was sent off the pitch. Thai League 3 Champions League match at North Bangkok University Football Stadium Rangsit Today (13 Mar 2022) Bangkok FC issued a statement stating that Bangkok FC strongly supports any form of unsportsmanlike conduct, including violence on the pitch. The club has terminated the contract of "Isares Noijaiboon" due to serious offences against his colleagues and the club with immediate effect.
May Ratchanok tested positive for ATK. German badminton withdrawal |May Ratchanok Inthanon is the No. 8 badminton player in the world. He had to withdraw from the German Open 2022 badminton tournament after testing positive for ATK today (March 12, 2022). May Ratchanok Inthanon is the No. 8 badminton player in the world. May Ratchanok had to withdraw from the German Open 2022 badminton tournament and tested positive for ATK. The Yonex Genward German Open 2022, a World Tour 300 tournament, will face He Bingjiao. The world No. 9 from China on Friday tested positive for COVID-19 ATK before the match. The tournament organizers had to withdraw from the competition to wait for the RT-PCR test result to be confirmed. Back on the pitch for the All England Championships The World Tour 1000 tournament is scheduled for next week, but if the test result fails, they will have to quarantine in Germany for 7-10 days. The director of Ban Thongyod Badminton School revealed that 1 week before Ratchanok and other athletes of Ban Thongyod traveled to compete, all athletes were isolated, trained separately from athletes at Ban Thongyod Badminton School, and strict infection prevention measures were strictly followed. However, Before the race, ATK tests were not detected until the last 16 and had a sore throat and a low fever. However, Ratchanok View Kulwut Vititsan, who plays against Jonathan Christie from Indonesia, tested positive after the match, and Kulwut tested positive for ATK and will continue to play in the quarter-finals.  
Sales of "Chanathip" shirt ranked 3rd in Frontale|Kawasaki Frontale club website The Japanese J-League champions revealed that Chanathip Songkrasin is the third best-selling shirt-selling player of the team.
On 17 Mar 2022 Chanathip's No.18 shirt has already topped the charts in the top 3 most popular players among supporters right now, with reports stating that the shirt embroidered with Chanathip's name is the best-selling shirt through the J League Store, second only to Kento's No.8. Tachibanada The team's midfielder and No. 14 Yasuto Wakizaka is a great midfielder. He has started every J.League game this season, making a total of 6 appearances, providing 1 assist and helping him to stay at the top of the table. Kawasaki Frontale fan-grade shirts cost 16,500 yen or about 4,700 baht, while player grades are priced at 20,130-22,000 yen or about 5,800-6,300 baht. It is priced at 20,900 yen or about 6,045 baht because the Thai national team playmaker's shirt is a double-digit number, making it more expensive than a single-digit screen shirt. The shirt with a single screen number is priced at 20,130 yen or about 5,800 baht. Assisted in the first home win. Nagoya "Chanathip" Debut for Frontale Kawasaki Frontale welcomes "Chanathip" to join the J-League "Chanathip" Moving to Kawasaki Frontale hoping to fulfill his dream of winning the J-League
"Bas-Popo" wins the championship Badminton German Open 2022|Dechapol Puavaranukroh (Bass) and Sapsiree Taerattanachai (Popo) won the badminton title at the German Open 2022, winning two games in a row by scores of 21-11 and 21-9 on March 13, 2022. Dechapol Puavaranukroh and Sapsiree Taerattanachai also showed their deserve as the world No.1 in mixed doubles, defeating Chinese pair Wu Xuanyi and Huang Yaqiang 2 games in a row by scores of 21-11 and 21-9. Beat Lakhyah World No. 12 Zen of India won 2-0 21-18, 21-15 to win his first German Open 2022 badminton title at the World Tour Super 300 level.
Thailand beat Myanmar 2-0 to beat Iran in NSDF Futsal   |Thailand beat Myanmar 2-0 to advance to the final against Iran in the "NSDF Futsal Invitation 2022" today (March 19, 2022). In the "NSDF Futsal Invitation 2022" game in the semi-finals between the Thai national team. In the group stage, Thailand beat Maldives 8-3 and drew 1-1 with Oman. The first 5 troops have scepters. Hankampa is a goalkeeper. The player is Krisda Wongkaew. ,Supakorn Bowonratchadakul, Chauwala Sriarm Peerapat Kaewvilai started the game 12 minutes later, Thailand took a 1-0 lead from Peerapat Kaewvilai Drag the ball into the box before paying off the sidelines. kritsada vongkaew In the last minute of the first half, the Thai team came away with a scoreline. 2-0 Thodsak Charoenpong surges away from Myanmar defence to pay short to Apiwat Jaemcharoen before passing on to Peerapat Kaewvilai Play a one-stroke ball. Thodsak ran in and waited for charging at the 2nd pole clear, not to miss, the second half the Thai national team continued to launch the attack, almost 2 strokes in a row in the last minute from Thanathip Sangsangsang. Hit the pole and Abhiwat. Jaemcharoen has suddenly charged without full foot. But in the end, I couldn't finish more. Thailand beat Myanmar 2-0 to advance to the final against Iran on March 20, 2022. Oman vs Oman at 3.00 p.m. Thailand vs Iran at 5.30 p.m.
 "Isaresh" Sentenced to 3 years ban, preparing to sell meatballs to support family|After being convicted by the Football Association for 3 years, the latest Isares Noi Jai philanthropist Accept the decision and adjust your life plan by preparing to sell grilled meatballs to raise money to support your family today (March 19, 2022). After Maj. Gen. Somyot Poompanmuang The president of the Football Association has signed an order as proposed by the Football Ethics Inquiry Committee - punishment by the inquiry committee unanimously found that former Bangkok FC left-back Isares Noijaiboon deliberately violated the law after severely injuring 19-year-old right-back Supasan Ruangsuphanimit in North Bangkok's Thai League 3 Champions League 3 lower zone game in North Bangkok's 3-0 win over Bangkok FC last week. The Thai PBS sports news team spoke to Isares about the punishment. Accept the verdict. This is a priceless lesson on his 28th birthday. After this, Isares had to make a sudden change in lifestyle plans, initially switching to selling grilled meatballs to raise money for his family and 3 children before waiting for the return to football in the future when Hall Supasan, who suffered 24 stitches in his mouth and had to rest for about 2 weeks, cheered on his teammates on the sidelines in the second game of the Champions League round against Nakhon Si United. But after this, according to the legal procedure, the 3-year penalty is still not the heaviest in Thai football. If compared to Suksanchok Sasuk, a former Prachinburi player who jumped on the head of a Nakhon Nayok player. FC until he was sentenced to life In 2014, read related news "Isares" Sentenced to 3 years ban, preparing to sell meatballs to support family    
"Echo Somkiat wins Moto2 championship in Indonesia|"Echo" Somkiat Make history as the first Thai driver to win the Moto2 championship. Indonesian Grand Prix today (March 20, 2022) Motorcycle World Championship In the Moto2 class, Kong Somkiat Chantra, the only Thai rider from Idemitsu Honda Team Asia in the No. 35 car, who came out of grid 4, showed his best performance from the start, accelerating to the lead from the first corner of the race. Kong Somkiat, who previously suffered a broken finger and had to wear special gloves, will maintain a great distance in the lead with a single roll, finishing in 1st place with a time of 25 minutes 40.876 seconds to win the championship. Moto2 In this field, it was successful. Kelestino Vietti The Italian driver reached 3.230 seconds, making Kong Somkiat Make history as the first Thai driver to win the championship. Previously, not a single Thai driver came close to the podium. In addition, Somkiat also moved up 14 points in the Moto2 standings, fourth in the table with 25 points, while the leader belongs to Eleestino Vietti of Italy with 45 points. Somkiat Chandra will compete in the third race in Argentina at the Argentina Grand Prix on April 3.  
"Thailand National Team" appoints "Theerathon" as team captain Nepal-Suriname warm-up game  |Thailand appointed Theerathon Boonmathan as team captain for their FIFA Day calendar warm-up matches against Nepal on March 24, 2022 and Suriname on March 27, 2022. Today (22 Mar 2022) Nuanpan Lamsam, Manager and Mano Polking Head coach of the Thai national team, along with the coaching staff and players of the Thai national team. Attend team meetings in this meeting. Appointed Theerathon Boonmathan The left-back from Buriram United is the captain of the Thai national team for a warm-up football match according to the FIFA Day calendar. 2 games as follows: 24 March 2022 at 19.00 hrs. at Chonburi Stadium. Nepal vs Nepal (167th in FIFA On 27 March 2022 at 7.00 p.m. at BG Stadium, Thailand vs Suriname (140th in FIFA) Ranking) 
Record-breaking "Phuriphol" wins gold in men's 200 m run at Sisaket Games |Phuripol Boonson, the gold medalist in the men's 100 meters, won an additional gold medal in the men's 200 meters at the Sisaket Games, breaking the Thailand record today (March 20, 2022). Reporters reported that the 47th National Games "Sisaket Games" at Sisaket Province. The highlight is in the men's 200 meter sprint gold medal round, which is the battle of "Thepbiu" Phuripol Boonson. The 16-year-old from Samut Prakan, who recently won the men's 100m gold medal and broke the Thai record with Chayut Kongprasit from Bangkok, the SEA Games gold medalist in the Philippines. Phuripol on track 3 is still hot, overtaking in the curve. He finished first with a time of 20.58 seconds, breaking the Thai record of 20.69 seconds set by Medalchai Sihawong in 1999 and Phuriphol's second gold medal in the National Games, while the silver medal went to Thawatchai Hemiad from Chaiyaphum with a time of 21.18 seconds and bronze medal for Chayut Kongprasit from Bangkok with a time of 21.26 seconds. Read more news" Kong Somkiat wins Moto2 championship in Indonesia, sales of "Chanathip" shirt ranked 3rd in Frontales.Football banned "Isares Noijaiboon" from interfering with football for 3 years  
Japan beat Australia 2-0 Win tickets to the World Cup finals  |Japan beat Australia 2-0 at the World Cup.  Asia Zone Qualifiers Match 9 wins ticket to the 2022 FIFA World Cup final in Qatar Today (24 Mar 2022) 2022 FIFA World Cup Qualification Asia Zone Match 9 Japan Away Australia ahead of the tournament Japan have 18 points from eight games, while Australia have 15. If Japan wins, they will secure a ticket to the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. Japan beat Australia 2-0 with Kaoru Mitoma, who came on as a substitute in the 84th minute and scored in the 89th and 90+4th minutes. Winning a ticket to the World Cup final and qualifying for the World Cup The defeat by Australia sent Saudi Arabia to the World Cup. The same goes for Saudi Arabia (8 matches). Australia have 19 points, while Australia have 15 and the final match will be against Saudi Arabia, and if Australia finishes third in Group B, they will play a play-off against the 3rd place of Group A and go for a quota match against the fifth-placed South American team.    
"Nong Mild", 2-time Drone World Champion, prepares for World Games |Mild A girl with a calm face. The two-time Drone Racing World Champion is ready to chase success abroad with his debut at the World Games in the United States after winning the Drone Racing World Championship. In 2018 and 2019, she became the world's youngest female drone racing world champion at just 11 years old. Mild Woranya Wannapong is 15 years old and has shown her flying skills in the Hacka Thailand Drone Racing. At the Digital Economy Promotion Agency, together with the Model Airplane and Radio Control Sports Association, which is the organizer of the competition, Thai PBS Nong Mild flew through the barrier, flying through the arch, zig-zag, and landing along the designated route for 5 laps in just 27 seconds, creating excitement for the audience. I can't see each other while Mr. Arms Wannapong My father was a trainer. He revealed that Mild had not competed abroad for more than 2 years due to COVID-19 issues that forced many nations to suspend the competition. Mild is scheduled to compete at the World Games in Alabama. United States in the month This July, which for the past 2 years has been training hard. And hope to do the best on behalf of the Thai national team. Mild is flying the show without competing, but her students, like you, Pepper The 7-year-old also competed and managed to take 3rd place. Pepper has been training with coach Mild and has been developing his skills against senior athletes and this year's results. The championship belongs to Tam Adithep Lertjesadakul. The pilot from Team 30 is still cool and will receive 30,000 baht in prize money. 13 years old, 20,000 baht prize money, 3rd place is Pepper Dr. Worawit Sapsri and 4th place is Pan Chinwat. Boonsomya from KKS Racing One Team 
Khon Kaen banned football fans throwing the ball at "Theerathon"|Khon Kaen United FC issued a statement apologising and issuing penalties. After a fan caused chaos until there was a problem with Theerathon Boonmathan. Left-back of Buriram United on 3 Apr 2022 In the aftermath of the 2021-22 Thai League match 27 between Khon Kaen United and Buriram United, which drew 0-0 on Saturday, there was drama between the local fans and Theerathon Boonmathan. Buriram's international left-back started in the 15th minute when Theerathon escaped a lucky red card for an elbow stroke. Khon Kaen's Pandecha Ngernprasert made him a target of attack by local fans, then the issue again arose when the fans threw the ball onto the pitch and almost hit Theerathon who was walking to play a corner kick. This was followed by an incident after the game that Theerathon had an argument with the local fans until the authorities had to keep Theerathon from the scene. He posted a message showing himself as someone who threw the ball into the stadium without any remorse and responded to the fans who came to blame. As a result, the tour was down until he had to return to apologize to Theerathon and was ready to show responsibility later, Khon Kaen United itself did not remain calm, issuing a statement apologizing to the team Buriram United and Theerathon. He insisted on punishing supporters who threw the ball onto the pitch. The team has banned all matches hosted by the team until further notice, and pledged to improve security standards to prevent this from happening again. Theerathon Clarify fans' doubts He insisted the collision was just a cover-up and no elbow draws and apologized to the parties, which the referee himself decided by checking the VAR footage before deciding not to give him a red card.  
"Panipak" wins gold medal in Taekwondo "Spain Open 2022"|"Tennis" Panipak Wongpattanakit The Olympic Games gold medalist won his first title in eight months in Spain today (April 4, 2022) in Alicante, Spain. Thai Taekwondo Team SEA Games led by "Tennis" Panipak Wongpattanakit The 2020 Olympic Games gold medalist taekwondo will compete at the 2022 Spanish Open. Whoever wins 2 rounds first is the winner for Panipak competing in the 53kg class, returning to compete for the first time in 8 months. Laura Rodriguez of Spain went 2 to 0, 8 to 7 in the first round, and in the second round, Panipak won 2 to 1 to win the first title in 8 months.   
"Echo Bid wins 2nd Moto2 Argentina|"Echo" Somkiat Chandra made history by twisting into 2nd place, finishing on the podium, two races in a row. In battle Moto2 World Championship in Argentina on April 4, 2022 "Echo" Somkiat Chandra No. 35, Thailand's top rider from "Honda Race to the Dream" project Continuous hot form Create a masterpiece, soar to the 2nd place in the battle. MotoGP Moto2 World Championship Circuit 3 in Argentina He finished on the podium twice in a row, becoming the first Thai rider to do so at the World Grand Prix. Moto2 The 2022 World Championships 3-race Grand Prix of Argentina took place on Sunday at the Termas de Rio Hondo Circuit in Argentina. A total of 23 laps were contested. Thai rider Somkiat from Idemitsu Honda Team Asia remained in hot form after his first victory in Indonesia on the track, with the Thai rider starting off the grid in 7th place and making a great start to the race, moving up to 4th place from the first lap, then the Thai rider overtook Toni Arbolino, an Italian rider from Marc VDS, to take 3rd place on lap 3 on lap 7. Somkiat has moved up to 2nd place. After Fermin Aldeguer The pole winner crashed into Celestino Vietti and the Thai rider narrowly dodged and jumped into the lead on lap 10, but was reclaimed in the next lap. The game was very heart-wrenching for Thai fans. by Somkiat Maintain world-class twisting standards The No. 35 car finished in second place, just 1.538 seconds behind winner Vietti, while third place belonged to Somkiat's Japanese teammate Ai Ogura, who overtook Aaron Canet in the final three races. The Moto2 World Championship 2022 will take place at Circuit of the Americas. U.S. April 8-10 Related News"Kong Somkiat wins Moto2 title in Indonesia "Somkiat" aims to make it to MotoGP after winning Asia Talent Cup 
Postponement of the league to reclaim the SEA Games |After a meeting with Thai League 1 clubs in case of overlapping programs with the SEA Games, it was concluded that the football league and cup fixtures will be postponed in order to benefit the Thai national team to win the SEA Games gold medal today (April 12, 2022). The Football Association of Thailand, Thai League companies and 16 teams in the Thai League 1 held an online meeting to find a solution to the overlapping fixtures of the Thai League, FA Cup and League Cup in Vietnam next month after more than 40 minutes of meeting. But there's no specific date yet. Semi-finals The May 11 and May 15 finals will be moved to the May 25 semi-finals and May 29 finals, while the FA Cup fixtures will remain the same as the May 18 semi-finals and May 22 finals. The SEA Games outfit will have the best players in training and competition from May 5 to 24 with the aim of reclaiming the championship. After the last SEA Games in the Philippines. Thailand was eliminated in the first round under Akira Nishino SEA Games. Thailand are in Group B alongside Malaysia, Cambodia, Singapore and Laos and will make their debut against Malaysia on May 7. The Thai SEA Games national team also faces overlapping league programs, the Thai League does not move the league program, preparing the team to go to the SEA Games to set up "Mano" instead of "Coach Yong" to take charge of the Thai national team in the SEA Games.   
Ronaldo has lost his son. After his wife gave birth to twins.|Cristiano Ronaldo broke the sad news before the Red Sox match that his son had passed away. After his wife gave birth to twins. While the other twin woman Delivered safely today (19 Apr 2022) Georgina Rodriguez was previously reported to have Cristiano Ronaldo's wife has been pregnant with twin boys and girls since last month. Last October, Ronaldo posted a message announcing that his son had died in childbirth. Delivered safely, while Manchester United will have a Premier League clash with Liverpool. It is uncertain whether Ronaldo will play or not. After scoring a hat-trick in his last league game. 
"Nusara" shows great performance, finishes TOP5, closes AU Volleyball|a. a. The Thai setter competed in the final match to win with the gold team. The AU Volleyball U.S. League concluded with a TOP 5 score of 3,027 points. #nootsara13วันนี้ (17 Apr 2022) Sara-Nusara Tomkham Thai women play their last match. At the 2022 AU Volleyball season in Texas, USA, Nusara competed in the gold team captained by De La Cruz. With an overall score of 76-73, 25-23, 25-22 and 26-28. After 5 weeks of competing and accumulating points, Nusara finished the AU Volleyball tournament in 5th place in the table with a total score of 3,027 points. Every week of the AU Volleyball tournament, 44 athletes participated in the tournament, divided into 4 teams divided into 4 colors: blue, purple, gold and orange.#nootsara13 Thai setter wins final week at AU Volleyball 
Liverpool beat Manchester United 4-0|Mohamed Salah Mao alone scored 2 goals for Liverpool. Anfield beat Manchester United 4-0 in the Premier League. League on 19 Apr 2022 In the 7th minute, fans of both teams applauded Ronaldo and his family, with the result decided in midfield when Liverpool had Thiago in control of the tempo, Fabinho and Henderson in the run, while Nemanja Matic gave Liverpool a 4-0 victory thanks to Luis Diaz in the first five minutes of the game. Salah Mao scored two goals alone and Sadio Mane by Salah. After failing to score in the last three games, Liverpool's three points in this game put them at the top of the table. With 76 points from 32 matches, this is Liverpool's first overnight lead in six months, while second-placed Manchester City have 74 points, two points behind Liverpool. Home vs Brighton Meanwhile, Man Utd are currently sixth with 54 points from 33 matches, three points behind fourth-placed Spurs. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, who has a chance to win four trophies, said it was a perfect game and he was happy that his attacking players were back to perform well. Especially Salah, the issue at Liverpool. Man Utd shootout home and away Going 9-0 this season, Klopp said he was not interested in it. Maybe it's something the fans are happy about. But for him, no matter what score, wishing the team victory was enough, as Gary Neville, a former Manchester United player who is now an analyst, gave a fierce interview. He said he had watched United's games for 42 years and that it was the worst game his beloved team played. Read related news announcing sad news! Ronaldo loses son After the birth of his wife, twins held a "red ball boiling". Hope Thailand gains image in economy - tourism opens ticket sales for the first day of the "Red Rage Battle" 
Patty Supajit wins 3rd place in Poland|"Patty" Supajit Wattanadit Thai Girl Horseman Won 3rd place In the CDI 2 Star Battle in Poland Win the Asian Games 2022 in China "Patty" Supajit Wattanadit Thai horse rider rising star Adapt the melody from the popular drama Buppesan Niwas. It was used to compete on the international stage until winning the hearts of the judges. Won 3rd place In the CDI 2 Star battle in Poland, ready to qualify for the 2022 Asian Games in China, the two brothers of the "Wattanadit" equestrian family continue to build their reputation in Thailand. at the international level continuously. After the previous sister "Pam" Supakamol Wattanadit He recently became the first Thai horse racing athlete to compete in the CDI 3* Bigtour Grand Prix in Poland, and made a surprise appearance by taking 5th place in the Grand Prix Special class for his sister "Patty" Supajit Wattanadit. The 21-year-old Thai equestrian, who is preparing to win a ticket to the 2022 Asian Games in China, is also competing on the big stage. In the international list of horse steering. CDI 2 Star (CDI 2*) presenters class, the same class used to compete in the Asian Games in Zakrzow, Poland, along with his Wall Street JV, his 4th international competition. In the competition, Supajit used his own adapted music. By combining Thai melody from the popular drama "Buppesan Niwat" with contemporary music to accompany the Intermedia T1 Freestyle competition, it was liked by foreign judges and received an overwhelming score of 69.858 percent to win the 3rd place. Thai music was used for the first time in an international competition. He also thanked the team of Dressage & Music from Soeb, who are experts in making music for many world-class athletes, who helped compose the song. Stated that the plan for the next competition We plan to compete in many more races in this edition to prepare for the 2022 Asian Games in China this year and thank all the encouragement and support from our Thai brothers and sisters. Results of the art of horsemanship Patty Supajit Wattanadit's Zakrzow Spring Show, Poland - 3rd place in the 2 Star Inter1 Freestyle competition with a score of 69.858 percent- 4th place in the 2 Star Presentation Georges competition with a score of 67.294 percent- 6th place in the 2 Star Inter One class with a score of 65.206 percent For his past performances, Supajit was able to win 9th place in CDI2* Inter1 Freestyle Music competition in France, 14th place CDI2* Inter1 in France and 17th place presenter Georges in France. They are moving forward to win a ticket to the 2024 Olympic Games in France. He trained with former Dutch Olympic equestrian Imke Schellekens-Bartels.  
Wimbledon bans Russian and Belarusian tennis players from competing this year|Tennis Grand Slam Wimbledon has decided not to allow Russian-Belarusian tennis players to compete this year due to the attack on Ukraine. Tennis players from Russia and Belarus have been banned from competing this year amid opposition from many sides to Wimbledon's decision. Show opposition to Vladimir's case Putin President of Russia Send troops to the war against Ukraine As Belarus facilitates Russia's war efforts, Wimbledon will be without several high-profile tennis players, including world No. 2 Daniil Medvedev and world No. 7 Andrei Rublev. from Russia Meanwhile, on the women's side, Arena World No. 4 Sabalenka and World No. 18 Victoria Azarenka Two tennis players from Belarus, including world No. 15 Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova. The ATP disagreed with Wimbledon's decision, saying it was damaging to tennis. The WTA Women's Tennis Association issued a statement expressing disappointment with Wimbledon's decision. Meanwhile, Russian government spokesman Dmitry Peskov The All England Club confirmed that their decision had been made in consultation with the British government and that the ban was the first of its kind in tennis, as many ATP and WTA events allowed Russian and Belarusian tennis players to compete, but not to wear their own flags. 
Man Utd announce appointment of Erik ten Hag Haag is the new manager. |Today (21 Apr 22) Manchester United have announced the appointment of Erik ten Hag. Haag is officially the new manager today (April 21, 2022), Manchester United have announced the appointment of Erik ten Hag. With a contract until June 2025 with a one-year contract extension, Erik ten Hag said: "It is an honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am very excited about the challenges ahead. I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans and am determined to develop a team that can deliver the success they deserve.
BG Pathum beat United City 3-1 ACL Knockout Stage|BG Pathum reiterated his revenge by beating Singapore representatives United City again with a score of 3-1 to stay at the top of the table. Preparing for the knockout stage If the next match is not to lose to Melbourne City from Australia on 24 April 2022, BG Pathum will play in the AFC Champions League. The ACL, fourth leg of Group G, saw Singapore side United beat United City 3-1 after a 5-0 win on Thursday. The "Glass Rabbit" got goals from Diogo Luis Santo and Ikhsan Fandi. Scored 2 goals alone to help the club maintain the top spot in the next match if BG Pathum, unbeaten by Australia's Melbourne City, will have almost 100 per cent chance of qualifying for the next round while vying for a place in the Asian Cup. Next season's AFC Champions League, 7th-placed Muangthong United open their home match against 3rd-placed Bangkok United, with the Thai AFC Champions League quota still in a 2+2 format, i.e. 2 teams automatically qualify for the group stage, the Thai League champion and the FA Cup winner, and the other 2 teams have to play a play-off, the 2nd and 3rd place in the league game yesterday (April 24, 2022). Bangkok won 3-1 with goals from Henry Anier in the 41st minute, Willian Popp in the 54th minute and Popp in the 65th minute. Bhumijantuk in the last minute of injury time, the victory gave Muang Thong With 46 points to move up to 4th place, just one point behind 3rd place Bangkok, the AFC Champions League quota remains wide open. Muangthong will travel to Nakhon Ratchasima and open at home against PT Prachuap, with Bangkok still having 2 home games left against Suphanburi and Chiang Mai United, in addition to these 2 teams, there are still 5th place Chiang Rai, 6th place Nong Bua and 7th place Chonburi who still have a chance to win the AFC Champions League quota as well. After Samut Prakan City beat Suphanburi 2-1, resulting in Nakhon Ratchasima in 10th place and Polit Tero in 11th place, officially surviving relegation immediately, Samut Prakan victory made 25 points in 15th place, still have a breath to win the next game against Khon Kaen United. 
Manchester City beat Real Madrid 4-3 in the Champions League|Manchester City beat Real Madrid in a thrilling Champions League game. League Playoffs First Leg The other playoff between Liverpool and Villarreal will be played at 02:00 local time on April 26, 2022. UEFA Champions League League semi-final first leg between Manchester City at Premier League leaders Real Madrid, the top team from the La Liga league, this match, the "blue sailboat" started hot. Take the lead with two goals from Kevin De Bruyde and Gabriel Jesus. Karim Benzema The in-form striker scored a shallow goal for Madrid before the end of the first half in the second 45 minutes, with the two sides continuing to exchange blows with two more goals each from Phil Foden and Bernardo Silva. Meanwhile, the "White King" got goals from Vinicius Junior and Benzema. Manchester City beat Real Madrid 4-3 to secure their advantage before moving on to the second leg at home to Madrid next Wednesday, while the other playoff between Liverpool and Villarreal will be played tonight at 2:00 p.m. local time. 
Liverpool 2-0 Villarreal to qualify for Champions League League|Liverpool moved one step closer to building a four-place legacy after beating Villarreal 2-0 to secure a place in the Champions League final. League on 27 Apr 2022 Playoffs Game First leg at Anfield, Liverpool Villarreal, a dark horse team that knocked out giants Juventus and Bayern Munich earlier, although the game was the way the "Reds" attacked from the start, but before penetrating the opposition defence had to win until the second half in the 53rd minute when Jordan Henderson scored. A 55th-minute winner from Sadio Mane gave Liverpool a 2-0 lead ahead of the rest of Villarreal's home game. Next Tuesday.
SAT aims to win 100 SEA Games gold medals in Vietnam|Sports Authority of Thailand Believe that Thai athletes will be gold medalists in international sports or sports packed in the Olympic Games. 100 gold medals from the 31st SEA Games, Vietnam today (28 April 2022) Mr. Thana Chaiprasit Head of Thai Athletes He said there are only two weeks left for the 31st SEA Games to be held in Vietnam. The sport was practicing during the final stretch while aiming for the gold medal. Sports Authority of Thailand Set the price to 100 gold coins. Meet the Press of the Photographers Association of Thailand Sports Association readiness survey aims at 116 gold medals for both goals. It says the number is 100 gold coins. If Thai athletes can do it, it is considered a success. Thai athletes should be able to win the gold medal, but they are still worried about the COVID-19 pandemic for the 31st SEA Games, with a total of 871 athletes competing, while a total of 526 gold medals from 40 sports were contested.
Mino Raiola, famous football agent, dies at age 54  |Mino Raiola, the agent of the famous footballer, has died at the age of 54, the family said in a statement on Saturday (April 30, 2022) local time. The 54-year-old died last Saturday local time, with his family issuing a statement mourning his demise. Raiola is the agent of many famous footballers such as Paul Pogba, Zlatan. Ibrahimovic and Erling Haaland on Thursday (April 28, 2022). News of his death came up, with Mino Raiola later posting denying the news on the same day pic.twitter.com/xuZWBNA62N 
Thai Taekwondo aims for 4 gold medals "Tennis" starts dieting at SEA Games |Taekwondo Association of Thailand Aiming for the 4th SEA Games, the gold medal Meanwhile, "Tennis - Panipak" began to control the diet to change generations, preparing to travel to Vietnam for the SEA Games. Today (May 3, 2022) at the Thailand National Taekwondo Training Center. Taekwondo Association of Thailand Open to the media to explore the readiness of the 31st SEA Games team in Vietnam for this SEA Games. A total of 14 athletes, including 10 combatants and 4 dancers, were sent to aim for 4 gold medals in combat, 3 in combat and 1 gold in dance. Revealed the problem of changing the weight of the female air vessel Panipak Wongpattanakit by stating that the host Vietnam does not allow the Changed the model from 49 up to 53 kilograms, causing "Miao" Chulanan Khantikulanonda to push Two-time gold medalist in the 46kg class, Panipak, the captain of the team in the next category, jokingly said that it was good that the host informed him that he could not change models. If you know it sooner, you may not be able to lose weight in time. Now starting to control the diet and then have reduced to 49 kilograms, of course. The 4th SEA Games hopeful only need to win gold in this SEA Games. Head coach Chae Young Suk He is confident that even though the athletes have been abandoned for almost 2 years, the 10 SEA Games that they have managed have been able to perform well. The Thai Taekwondo team will depart for Vietnam on May 14 and compete over four days from May 16 to 19, 2022. 
"Buriram" Thai League Champion 2021-2022 "Samutprakarn-Suphan Buri-Chiang Mai" Relegated|"Buriram" won the 2021-2022 Thai League title, the team's seventh title. While "Samutprakarn-Suphan Buri-Chiang Mai" Relegated This year's Thai League concludes, the championship belongs to Buriram United and is the team's seventh title, although last night lost 2-1 to Suphanburi, with Buriram winning 10 million baht in prize money. With AFC Champions League quota There are still 2 cups left in the group stage, including the FA Cup play-offs against Suphanburi and the League Cup against Ratchaburi in the last 8, while the 2nd place belongs to BG Pathum and 3rd place goes to Bangkok United, who won the AFC Champions League play-off quota, while 3 teams were relegated to Samut Prakan City, Suphanburi and Chiang Mai United, while the top scorer award went to Hamilton Soarez. Strikers from Nong Bua Phichon After scoring 19 goals, followed by Ibson. The Thai player with the most goals in the Thai League is Suphachai Jaided of Buriram United with 14 goals, while the two newly promoted teams are King Khokhao Lamphun Warrior and Sukhothai Fire Bat FC. Play-offs of 4 teams in Thai League 2 from 3rd - 6th place are Phrae - Trat Chainat - Lampang 
Auction of "Maradona" race kit for God's Hand over 300 million baht|Argentina shirt on Diego Maradona Enter the "Hand of God" match. The 1986 World Cup was auctioned for 7.1 million pounds, or about 305 million baht, today (May 5, 2022). Argentina legend Diego Maradona's Warne jersey was worn by Maradona at the 1986 World Cup and was a legendary match because Maradona wore it. Hand of God with England in the last 8 The bid began two weeks ago, with former England midfielder Steve Hodge receiving Maradona's shirt. After Argentina's 2-1 win over England and the first day of the auction, the bid jumped to 4 million pounds, or about 176 million baht. The online auction will be held from April 20 to April 4. In May, the winning bidder won the Hand of God shirt for 7.1 million pounds, or about 305 million baht, breaking the record for the most valuable sport-related souvenir, breaking the previous record, the original signature of the Olympic Manifesto from 1892, which was auctioned in 2019 for 300 million baht. The oldest auction company in Britain took charge of the auction and revealed that the winner was in possession of the Maradona shirt, not wishing to reveal his name. Said the Hand of God shirt with Steve Hotch wasn't Maradona. In the second half, he scored twice against England, but Suttebys carefully examined the use of photo matches, as well as carefully examined each thread and the key evidence was Maradona's words from the autobiography. Maradona's Touch by God. He said he gave Steve Hotge a Hand of God shirt after the game, while Babe Ruth's most expensive sports shirt was previously a baseball shirt. Title holder The Home Run King, who wore the New York Yankees shirt between 1928 and 1930, was auctioned off in 2019 for £4.4 million, or about 190 million baht.  
OCA postpones Hangzhou Asian Games|Asian Olympic Council Postponement of the Asian Games in Hangzhou It was originally set to take place in a month. This September, the latest. The host requested an indefinite postponement of the match. Following the new wave of COVID-19, the Asian Olympic Council (OCA) has announced the postponement of the 19th Asian Games to be held in Hangzhou. China During the month After worrying about the situation in China that is facing a new wave of COVID-19 infections, the OCA has not yet given a specific date for when it will resume but is expected to wait until next year. The OCA also announced the cancellation of the tournament. Asian Youth Games in Shantou This December, too, after the previous one, was postponed from its original schedule during the month. However, the Asian Youth Games will resume in 2025 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, while the World University Games in Cheung Tu, to be hosted at the end of June, have also been postponed for the second time. China has postponed the sixth Asian Beach Games to be played in Sanya, originally scheduled for 2020, to be moved to 2023.
SAT expects Thai athletes to win 112 SEA Games gold medals |SAT assesses chances of winning gold medal for Thai national team athletes In the 31st SEA Games, believe in winning a total of 112 gold medals, confident that Thai international sports can achieve 72 gold medals to be crowned the gold lord of international sports. Today (5 May 2022) Thai Athlete Preparation Committee by Sports Excellence Department The Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) has evaluated the chances of winning the gold medal for the Thai national team. At the 31st SEA Games in Vietnam on May 12 - 23, 2022, for the 31st SEA Games, Vietnam consisted of 40 championship sports, including water sports (swimming, diving, finswimming), diving, diving, and swimming. Archery, Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Billiards, Bodybuilding, Bowling, Boxing, Canoeing, Chess, Cycling, Dance Sports, Esports, Fencing, Soccer, Golf, Gymnastics, Handball, Judo, Jujitsu, Karate, Kickboxing, Kurat, Muay Thai, Pancak Silat, Petanque, Rowing, Sepaktakraw, Shooting, Table Tennis, Taekwondo, Tennis, Triathlon, Volleyball, Vovinum, Weightlifting, Wrestling, Wushu, Xiangqi Chess 527 Gold Medals Thailand The 819 athletes participated in the competition, second only to Vietnam (965), followed by the Philippines (656), Malaysia (612), Cambodia (550), Indonesia (476), Laos (363), Myanmar (352), Singapore (330), Timor-Leste (69) and Brunei (24) for a total of 5,000. Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) Governor Kongsakd Yodmani has declared that Thai athletes must outperform the 30th SEA Games in the Philippines in 2019, where Thailand won 92 gold, 103 silver, 123 bronze medals, placing third behind the Philippines and Vietnam who ranked 1st and 2nd respectively. Archery, Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Boxing, Cycling, Fencing, Soccer, Golf, Weightlifting, Volleyball, Gymnastics (International, Rhythmic, Aerobics), Judo, rowing (rowing), rowing (canoe-kayak), wrestling, shooting (target shooting), table tennis, taekwondo, tennis and triathlon have a total of 350 gold medals. Of the 527 gold medals competed, Thailand had 482 athletes competing (327 international sports and 155 general sports). Meanwhile, the overall gold medal table estimates that Thailand will win 112 gold medals to rank 2nd at the 30th SEA Games in the Philippines. In international sports, Thai athletes scored 64 gold medals, second only to Vietnam with 70 gold medals and Philippines with 69 gold medals.
Thailand 10 players lost to Malaysia 1-2 in the first leg of the SEA Games.|Thailand lost 2-1 to Malaysia after Jonathan Needee was shown a red card, leaving only 10 players today (May 7, 2022) at 7 p.m. at Thien Truong Stadium. Group B Thailand vs Malaysia in this game Mano Polking, head coach of Thailand national team Patric Gustafsson was put on target with Worachit Kanitsribampen, Ben Davis and Ekanit Panya in support, while head coach Brad Maloney used two strikers, Lukman Hakim and Daniel Asri, to start the game for 9 minutes. But in the 41st minute, Thailand were down to 10 men after Jonathan Needee was sent off for a red card. At the end of the first half, Thailand still led 1-0, Malaysia went ahead in the second half and in the 61st minute Daniel Asri scored to make it 1-1 in injury time, 90+4 Malaysia got the winning goal from Azfar. Azhar ended Thailand's 2-1 defeat to Malaysia in the next match. Thailand will face Singapore at Thien Truong Stadium on 9 May 2022 at 19.00 hrs.
Manchester City beat Newcastle 5-0 to take three points ahead of Liverpool. |Manchester City bounced back from a 5-0 thrashing of Newcastle. Liverpool are three points clear at the Premier League standings. With only 3 games left, the league will come to a close. Premier League football last night. The highlight was the game between title rivals Manchester City and Liverpool. Pep Guardiola, who recently led his side to the Champions League elimination, is unbelievable. Manchester City overtook Liverpool back at the top of the table with three points and four goals conceded, both of whom have three league fixtures left to play in the next three matches. Manchester City travel to Wolverhampton. This Wednesday night (May 11, 2022) Meanwhile, Liverpool will go on to Aston Villa Steven Gerrard's side on Tuesday night (May 10)
"Duangdara Khamroet" wins first medal for Thai national team SEA Games 2021|"The Stars" Kuras athletes Noppasit Lertsombat and Noelle Roslyn Grandjean won their first medals for Thai athletes at the 2021 SEA Games, while Noelsit Rostrett and Noelle Roslyn Grandjean won 1 bronze medal each, including 3 bronze medals for Kuras athletes today (May 10, 2022). Celebrities Khamros Kuras athletes The Thai national team won the bronze medal and the first medal for Thai athletes. In the women's 48 kg class, the 31st SEA Games "Vietnam 2021" was held in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam while Nopasit Lertsombat competed in a round-robin competition at the 31st SEA Games "Vietnam 2021". Kuras athletes The Thai national team won the bronze medal. Men's 81 kg Kuras Round-robin competition, as well as "Noelle Roslyn Grandjean" Kuras athletes Thailand national team showed great performance to win the bronze medal. In the women's 52 kg Kuras competition, the round-robin competition will be held by Thai athletes to win medals continuously. The 31st SEA Games will run until May 23, 2022. 
Thailand beat Malaysia 6-2 in SEA Games men's futsal debut|Thai Futsal Team Debut The SEA Games beat Malaysia 6-2 in their next match against Myanmar today (May 11, 2022). Futsal at the 2021 SEA Games at Hanam Arena Thailand made their debut at the 2021 SEA Games against Malaysia, starting the game less than a minute from a kick-in, Ranachai Jungwongsuk scored from the right to give Thailand a 1-0 lead in the 6th minute. The ball ricocheted off the Malaysian player to give Thailand the lead. Malaysia were 2-0 up in the 8th minute as Muhammad Usman Musa added to the scoreline. Thailand trailed Malaysia 3-0 with a 16th-minute goal from a corner kick. kritsada abbas Open to Peerapat Kaewvilai Thailand led 4-0 in the 20th minute. Ma added his second goal of the game to give Thailand a 5-0 lead in the 36th minute of the second half. Goals from Ekmal Sharin and Khairul Effendi made it 2-5 in the 38th minute, Thailand won the second penalty spot after Malaysia committed 6 fouls. The goal helped Thailand lead 6-2 with no further goals remaining. defeat Malaysia 6-2 goals Next match The Thailand men's national futsal team will face Myanmar at Hanam Gymnasium on May 16, 2022 at 4 p.m., while the men's futsal team has competed in four SEA Games: 2007 (Thailand), 2011 (Indonesia), 2013 (Myanmar) and 2017 (Malaysia). The Thai national team won all the gold medals.
"President of Pancak Silat Association" Rejoice! Win the first SEA Games gold and win 2 more medals.|President of Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand Athletes celebrate their goal of winning the first gold medal for the Thai national team. Win 2 more gold medals in the fighting category today (May 11, 2022) Mr. Panu Uthairat President of Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand Revealed the performance of Pancak Silat athletes. The Thai national team won its first gold medal. He stated that he was very happy and proud of the performance of all the athletes and especially happy because it was the first gold medal of the Thai national team. However, the Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand Athletes competed in 8 combat and 4 dance competitions, winning 3 medals, including the gold medal from 3 Pattani Saubri boys. Jehni, Abdulkarim Kuli and Abdulrahim Syde dance type Men's Team The silver medal from Ilyas Sadara in the dance category. Men's individual and bronze medal from Mr. Abdulkarim Yuzo and Mr. Kairulomhadi Yuzo for the dance category. Men's doubles President of Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand He also stated that the Pancak Silat competition in this SEA Games. Improving the rules is one of the factors that cause concern for the Thai national team. There are also issues of insufficient arenas for training and understanding of the rules of the committee. And most importantly, it relies on the eyes to rate it. The Thai national Pancak Silat team will compete again on May 14-16 and is expected to win two more gold medals in the fighting category. As well as a guarantee for the next Asian Games, Mr. Panu told Thai PBS Online that the Pancak Silat athletes of the Thai national team. They are domiciled in all 3 southern border provinces, which this opportunity is considered an important expression. For the unique sport and spirit of the southern border, reflected in its national success, it is another important step in using sport to create learning and understanding and disseminate culture through youth skills to the general public. "First Gold Medal" for Thai athletes in SEA Games! Thailand won its first gold medal at the SEA Games. 
Thai rowing team 1 silver medal 1 bronze SEA Games|Thailand national team won silver medal. Men's 2-man rowing competition In the 31st SEA Games, as well as the Thai women's rowing team, the team showed great performance, winning the bronze medal in the women's 4-man rowing competition. Single Pie In general today (May 11, 2022), Prem Nampratueng paired with Chanin Penthongdee won the silver medal. Men's 2-man rowing competition She clocked 7:26.48 minutes at the 31st SEA Games "Vietnam 2021", while the Thai women's rowing team, consisting of Nanthida Krajangjam, Methenee Raruen, Jirakit Phethonglang and Parisa Champudsa, won the bronze medal in the women's 4-man rowing competition. Single Pie The time was 7:22.455 minutes. Read related news "President of Pancak Silat Association" Rejoice! Win the first SEA Games gold, win 2 more medals, beat Malaysia 6-2 goals to make their SEA Games men's futsal debut! "Pancak Silat" Thailand won the first gold medal in the SEA Games "Chaba Kaew" beat Singapore in the SEA Games football debut. 
Drama logo "Thailand" on Thai pancak silat The association is preparing to make a statement today.|Shortly after the Thai Pancak Silat team won their first gold medal at the SEA Games, drama arose. When the letters "Thailand" on the back of the athletes' uniforms were used without permission, Mr. Suchal Chaweewan Art designer on glass sheet The owner of the highly acclaimed "Thailand" font from around the world has posted through Facebook asked about the Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand and all those involved in the event being part of the Pancak Silat Thai team at the SEA Games, which is a widely broadcast event. The coach of the association himself who took the logo from the internet to make kits for the athletes and felt guilty about this unforeseen knowledge, which the Pancak Silat Sports Association was aware of and tried to contact the owner to clarify and apologize for the incident. This affected the image of the country. , Pancak Silat Sports Association and the mental state of the athletes is very preliminary. The owner is not ready to negotiate at this time, and the Pajaksilat Sports Association will hold a press conference on this matter today at 1.00 p.m. and will tape over the logo on the back of the jersey. Throughout this Pancak Silat Games
"Pancak Silat" apologizes to "Thailand"|Secretary General, Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand Apologies for using the letters "Thailand" on the kit at the 2021 SEA Games in Vietnam without permission. Meanwhile, the dress salon issued an apology as well. He stated that he did not know the situation today (May 12, 2022). From the case of Mr. Suchal Chaweewan Art designer on glass sheet The owner of the font "Thailand" has come out to post through Facebook asked the Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand and all concerned to put the letters on the back of the Thai Pancak Silat team's jersey at the SEA Games in Vietnam. Yesterday, without asking for the latest permission. Asst. Prof. Jongrak Fangkaew Secretary General, Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand He spoke to the media on behalf of the association. I'm sorry about what happened. The association does not intend to infringe copyright in any way, but admits to the mistake of not checking the origin of the letters well, causing widespread damage. President of Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand The Ministry of Commerce has tried to coordinate with copyright owners to mediate in order to reach a conclusion before the date of the competition in the fighting category that starts tomorrow (May 13, 2022). Meanwhile, the organizers of the competition have apologized for the incident as well and admitted that it was unforeseen knowledge. This evening, there will be further progress on whether or not to schedule a meeting with the copyright owner. However, the association solved the problem by requiring athletes to wear spare uniforms to the field instead. And this is an expensive lesson for the association. Forever. Read related news before becoming "Thailand or Thailand", a viral font that can be read in 2 languages. "First Gold Medal" for Thai Athletes in SEA Games Drama Logo "Thailand" on Thai Pancak Silat The association is preparing to make a statement today.  
Fully loaded! Vietnam hosts opening show for 2021 SEA Games |For the 2021 SEA Games, hosts Vietnam focused on an inspiring show. Impress with the similarities and differences of ASEAN cultures Among the Vietnamese who came to attend the bustling event today (May 12, 2022). Thai PBS correspondents reported that the atmosphere at Mi Dinh Stadium was particularly lively as many Vietnamese people came to watch the opening ceremony of the 31st SEA Games before the opening ceremony began. The rain has fallen heavily. But it did not hinder and trouble the host sports fans, who have been waiting for this sporting event for more than 19 years, including the announcement that Vietnam is ready to fully open the country. After two years of COVID-19, the opening ceremony highlighted the country's youth participation in the performance, inspiring them to showcase their strengths under the similarities and cultural differences of the ASEAN region. For Thai flag bearers is Frong-Suwijak Khun Thong. Thailand National Jujitsu Team 21 years old while lighting the torch. Vietnam's Quoc Thi Lan, who won gold in the women's 400m hurdles at the 18th Asian Games, lit the torch at the opening ceremony of the 31st SEA Games. 
Deputy chief of police prepares to issue summons to "Prin" to acknowledge additional charges|The deputy chief minister is preparing to issue a summons to the former deputy leader of the Democratic Party to acknowledge further allegations in the case filed by the same victim for the obscenity of the incident in 2013 at a restaurant. Today (14 May 2022) Maj. Gen. Tricolor Skinphan, Deputy Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police (Deputy The Commissioner of Police examined the case of Mr. Prin Panichpakdi, former deputy leader of the Democratic Party, who was accused of obscene acts. Sexual assault and rape, which involved many victims. The police report was filed in the area of the Lumpini Police Station. There were 9 cases, 4 of which were subordinate. The police chief revealed that the investigation in all cases has progressed well and that 1 of the 4 victims now has enough evidence to summon the accused to face additional charges next week. Mr. Prin in the area of responsibility of the Lumpini Police Station. The Deputy Commissioner urged the investigating officer to gather evidence, acknowledging that the incident occurred for a long time, the forensic evidence lacked sufficient integrity, while the investigation of other cases instructed the investigating officer to gather more evidence to be more concise. The number of victims remains the same, with no new victims. The case was filed against Mr. Prin and prosecuted in the area of responsibility of the Metropolitan Police Headquarters, divided into areas of responsibility of the Lumpinee Police Station. 4 cases in the area of responsibility of Huai Khwang Police Station 1 case for the investigation of the case in which Mr. Prin was charged in Phetchaburi and Chiang Mai provinces. Separate investigations are independent, but insist that investigators are constantly coordinating information.
Thailand women's volleyball beat Philippines 3-0 to win SEA Games first match|Thailand women's national volleyball team defeated the Philippines 3-0 25-15, 25-13, 25-14 to win the first match at the 31st SEA Games. May 16 Today (May 14, 2022) Volleyball at the 31st SEA Games was played at Daiyen Arena. Quang Ninh, Vietnam Thailand women's national volleyball team played its first match. The women's national team will play a round-robin tournament. The 1st and 2nd place teams qualified for the gold medal, the 3rd and 4th place competed for the bronze medal. defeat The Philippines won the first set 3-0 25-15, 25-13, 25-14 to win the first match. Meanwhile, Thailand will play their second match against Indonesia on May 16, 2022 at 11.00 a.m. Read related newsThai rowing team 1 silver medal 1 bronze SEA Games "Mano" The first 19 players of the Thai national team to prepare for the Asian Cup qualifier "kickboxing" to add gold medal to Thai athletes at the 2021 SEA Games. 
Thepbue-Phuripol wins 200m gold medal, breaking SEA Games record|"Thep Bue" Phuripol Boonson, a 16-year-old wonder boy who made his first SEA Games debut by winning the gold medal in the 200-meter sprint and breaking his own SEA Games record beautifully. (14 May 2022) Athletics won 11 gold medals amid a lively crowd of host sports fans at the Mi Dinh Stadium in Hanoi, Vietnam, highlighted by the men's 200 meter run. Phuripol Boonson, a 16-year-old miracle whirlwind from Samut Prakan province who is competing in the SEA Games for the first time. The 23-year-old senior runner "Medalchai Sihawong" set 20.69 seconds 23 years ago in Brunei and as expected when the gold medal round "Thepbiu" showed his performance at the SEA Games after running a double speed in the last 100 meters, leading by one roll to finish with a time of 20.37 seconds, breaking the SEA Games record for himself and the Thai athletics team in the SEA Games. In addition, Thailand also won 1 bronze medal from the former champion "Chayut Kongprasit", a product of Assumption College Samut Prakan. He said he was happy to break the record again. Despite some injury concerns, he tried to concentrate as much as possible until he won the gold medal in just 2 months. Starting from the National Games Sisaket Games. Phuripol also won gold medals in the 100 and 4 x 100 meters and also had the right to break more records. from now on He also has two gold medals left in the men's 100m and men's 4 x 100m relay. 
Thailand beat Cambodia 5-0 in SEA Games Group B|Thailand thrashed Cambodia 5-0 in the men's soccer match at the 2021 SEA Games Group B before facing Laos on May 16 at 7 p.m. today (May 14, 2022). In the 2021 SEA Games men's soccer tournament Group B, Thailand will play against Cambodia at Thien Truong Stadium, Vietnam for the starting 11 of the Mano Polking team. Head coach Kawin Thamsatchanan, Nakin Jonathon Kemdee, Irfan Dole, Ekanit Panya, Kornwit Tasa, Worachit Kanitsribampen, Chanapat Buaphan, Ben Davis, Weerathep Pomphan and Chayapipat Suphan Phesach started the game early. Thailand took a 1-0 lead thanks to a goal from Chanaphat. Buapan scored in the 4th minute before Korawit Thasa singled the ball into the crossbar. In the 31st minute, 10 minutes later, Veerathep Pomphan assisted Kornwit Thasa scored 2 goals from Muangthong United to give the national team a 3-0 lead in the 41st minute before the end of the first half. Second half in the 72nd minute Patric Gustafsson. He scored his fourth goal for Thailand before scoring a 5-0 double in the 88th minute to end Thailand's 5-0 win over Cambodia. Thailand will play against Laos PDR at Thien Truong Stadium on 16 May 2022 at 19.00 hrs. In the 2021 SEA Games, Thepbue-Phuripol won the gold medal in the 200m run, breaking the SEA Games record for Thai women's volleyball beating the Philippines 3-0 to win the first match of the SEA Games. 19 players from the Thai national team have been called up for the Asian Cup qualifiers. 
"Mano" satisfied with Thailand aiming to reach the semi-finals of the SEA Games, still need to quickly correct the defensive game.|Mano Polking was pleased with Thailand's 5-0 win over Cambodia in the SEA Games semi-finals but admitted that they needed to improve their defence urgently. Prepare to cheer for the next match. Thailand women's football team vs Laos on May 16 Today (15 May 2022) After the 2021 SEA Games men's soccer tournament Group B, Thailand played against Cambodia at Thien Truong Stadium, Vietnam. defeat Cambodia went 5-0 with 6 points from 3 matches to stay in 2nd place in the group. He revealed that he was satisfied with the Thai national team reaching the semi-finals of the SEA Games, but admitted that he had to urgently improve his defensive game. The minimum goal is to reach the semi-finals. Which Thailand can do now, Mano. Indicates that, however, there are still clauses that need to be fixed. After this, it must be corrected in the defensive game. Cambodia had three chances, had to correct their poor defence, but overall it was satisfying to win the next match. It has not yet been decided who will be on the pitch before this tournament. Vietnam and Indonesia are the two favourites because of the good preparation and good players, Indonesia lost the first game but he lacked several players and came in the second game and showed strength. If you play as you are good at, you can do well, but don't forget not to underestimate Myanmar, come to Thailand and have a good approach, he has a chance and it is possible as well as the next match. Thailand women's national football team will face Laos at the stadium. On May 16 at 7:00 p.m., live broadcast CH7 HD. Cambodia 5-0 win in SEA Games Group B "Mano" 19 players from the Thai national team have been called up for the Asian Cup qualifiers. 
Withdraw from SEA Games! Half-Thai-American athlete injured|"Kirin Tantiwet" Half-Thai-American athlete Announced withdrawal from the 31st SEA Games in Vietnam He admitted to being injured in training. Accept regret and apologize to Thai people for disappointing and ready to cheer on teammates until May 18 today (May 15, 20022). Reporter Kirin Tantiwet Half-Thai-American athlete Winner of 2 gold medals at the 30th SEA Games in the Philippines In 2019, he won the men's 5,000 metres and the last men's 10,000 metres. Kirin Confirmed via Facebook, Kieran Charles withdrew from all SEA Games. After the injury, the coccyx did not improve. The message stated that unfortunately, he had to withdraw from the competition 10 days ago. In preparation for the match, I received excellent help from the doctors and anatomy of the Thai national team.  
Know "Saula" The lucky animal of the 31st SEA Games|Know "Saula" The lucky animal of the SEA Games is considered a meaningful animal, reminding everyone to help preserve nature and the environment at the 31st SEA Games in Vietnam. Found only in the Annammite Mountains and earned the nickname "Unicorn of Asia". Because it is distinguished by the "double horns" on the long, curved head. The reason why Vietnam chose "Saula" as the mascot of this SEA Games is because they want to represent Remind everyone to help preserve nature and the environment. The Saula mascot, designed by Vietnamese artist Nguyen Xuan Khoi, is considered a bestseller of the SEA Games, and the attraction is that it comes from the production process from the brain and two hands of Vietnamese people with disabilities. As the lucky animal of this SEA Games, Read related news! Thai women's tennis wins "Gold Medal" SEA Games withdraws from SEA Games! Half-Thai-American athlete injured   
30 Thai players named for Asian Cup qualifiers |The Football Association of Thailand announced the 30-man squad for the 2022 Asian Cup qualifiers in Uzbekistan today (May 16, 2022). The Football Association of Thailand has announced the 30-man squad for the 2022 AFC Asian Cup qualifiers in Uzbekistan from June 8 to 14, 2022. Mr. Kittipong Phurowrope, BG Pathum United 2. Mr. Jagpan Pairsuwan BG Pathum United 3. Mr. Chaowat Veerachart BG Pathum United 4. Mr. Sarat Yuyen, BG Pathum United Club5. Mr. Worachit Kanitsribampen, BG Pathum United Club6. Mr. Pathompol Charoenrattanaphirom BG Pathum United 7. Mr. Teerasin Dangda, BG Pathum United Club8. Mr. Siwarak Tetsungnoen, Buriram United Club9. Mr. Teerathon Boonmathan Buriram United 10. Mr. Sasalak Haiprakhon, Buriram United Club11. Mr. Pansa Hemviboon, Buriram United Club12. Mr. Supachoke Sarachat, Buriram United Club13. Mr. Suphanat Duengta, Buriram United 14. Mr. Kawin Thamsatchanan Port FC 15. Mr. Tanaboon Kesarat Port FC 16. Mr. Bodin Phala Port FC 17. Mr. Pakorn Premphak, Port FC 18. Mr. Adisak Kraisorn Port FC 19. Mr. Peerapat Notechaiya, True Bangkok United Club20. Mr. Tristan Do True Bangkok United Club 21. Mr. Wisarut Imura True Bangkok United 22. Mr. Thitipan Puangchan, True Bangkok United Club23. Mr. Veerathep Pompan Muangthong United 24. Mr. Picha Utra Muangthong United 25. Mr. Supanan Burirat, Samut Prakan City Club26. Mr. Chayawat Srinawong, Samut Prakan City Club27. Mr. Krisda Kaman Chonburi FC 28. Mr. Pithiwat Sukjitthamkul, Leo Chiangrai United 29. Mr. Ekanit Panya, Chiangmai United Club30. Mr. Chalermsak Akki, Polit Tero Club FC for the Thailand men's national team has a warm-up program according to the FIFA Day calendar for 3 matches as follows: 24 May2022 Thailand National Team Bahrain vs Bahrain *Waiting for venue confirmation27 May2022 Thailand National Team Meet Turkmenistan at Sisaket 31 May2022 Thailand National Team Bahrain vs Bahrain at BG Stadium, Pathum Thani. The Thailand men's national team will participate in the 2023 Asian Cup qualifiers in Group C alongside hosts Uzbekistan, Maldives and Sri Lanka. As of June 8, 2022 Thailand National Team Uzbekistan vs Maldives at Marzakiy Stadium on June 11, 2022 Sri Lanka vs Thailand at Marzakiy Stadium on June 14, 2022 Uzbekistan vs Thailand at Marzakiy Stadium for AFC Asian Cup 2023 Qualifiers The group winners from 6 groups and the runners-up of 5 of 6 groups (a total of 11 teams) will qualify for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup Final in China from June 16 to July 16, 2023.     
Volleyball Women's form beat Indonesia 3 sets in SEA Games|Thailand women's national volleyball team defeated Indonesia 3-0 25-15, 25-12, 25-14 to win their second game in a row and still not lose a set. At the SEA Games today (May 16, 2022) Volleyball at the 31st SEA Games was played at Daiyen Arena. Quang Ninh, Vietnam The Thailand women's national volleyball team played its second match. The women's national team will play a round-robin match. The 1st and 2nd place teams qualified for the gold medal, the 3rd and 4th places competed for the bronze medal. Little Keys and Supatra Pairoj results of the match appeared that the Thai national team. Continued hot performances They won 3-0 sets 25-15, 25-12, 25-14 to win their second game in a row and still haven't lost a set. Thailand will play their third match against Vietnam on 17 May 2022 at 17.00 hrs. Read related news Thailand Women's Volleyball Beat Philippines 3-0 to win first leg of SEA Games! Thai women's tennis wins "gold medal" SEA Games "Adelan" Pancak Silat Athletes Another SEA Games gold medal. 
"Pancak Silat Thai" athletes walked out, cried the SEA Games were judged unfairly.|"Saranon Romppan" Thai National Team Walkout from Pancak Silat Final Protest the judgment President of Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand Prepare a letter of complaint to the federation on May 16, 2022. Mr. Panu Uthairat President of Pancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand has sent a letter clarifying the issue to Mr. Saranon. Round varieties Thai national team athletes walked out of the finals. 95kg against Sheikh Fahak Binshekh Arudin. The Singapore national team athlete, who is the son of the chairman of the SEA Games refereeing committee, said the incident occurred after Thai athletes Kicked the opponent in a prompt manner throughout the game, but the score did not go up, and during the game, protested the decision. In the end, he had to decide to let "Saranon" walk out of the competition and eventually lost in this letter. The association further clarified that in the past, including the semi-finals, Binshekh Arudin. The Singapore national team athletes have always won points against their competitors. The association's decision not to continue competing was praised by member states such as Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Laos and Vietnam, which are the host nations of the association. Chairman of the Board of Referees To the International Pancak Silat Federation NextPancak Silat Sports Association of Thailand He also said that coming to the SEA Games was considered to have exceeded the target. They have now won 2 gold, 2 silver and 4 bronze medals. 
THAI ESPORTS WINS GOLD MEDAL IN FIFA ONLINE 4 SEA GAMES|FIFA ONLINE 4 esports athletes won the gold medal at the 31st SEA Games, while LOL: WILD RIFT defeated hosts Vietnam to win the silver medal on May 15, 2022. The 4 FIFA ONLINE 4 esports athletes who won the gold medal from the 31st SEA Games in Vietnam are listed as follows: Mr. Sarawut Jaima Dari, Pattanasak Woranan (THA.Jubjub), Mr. Theedet Songsaisakul (THA.TDKeane) and Mr. Sorawit Rojanaartist (THA.Micheal04) Meanwhile, the results of the LOL : WILD RIFT Men's Team Finals Vietnam defeated Thailand won the gold medal 3-0 game. Thailand won the silver medal. In addition, GARENA FREE FIRE ESPORTS ATHLETES FROM THAILAND ALSO WON THE BRONZE MEDAL AT THE 31ST SEA GAMES IN VIETNAM. as well. Read related news Thai national esports team aims to win at least 3 gold medals at the 2022 SEA Games "Adelan" Pancak Silat Athletes Another SEA Games gold medal "kickboxing" Gold medal for Thai athletes at the 2021 SEA Games 
"Mano" receives "Indo" strong but confident in the quality of the Thai national team to compete in the SEA Games |Head Coach of Thailand National Team Accept Indonesia is strong, understands and plays as a good team, but is confident that the quality of the Thai national team will qualify for the SEA Games gold medal. Today, 18 May 2022 (11.00 a.m.), the organizers of the men's football competition at the 31st SEA Games in Vietnam. Held a press conference ahead of the men's soccer tournament. Semi-final match between Thailand and Indonesia Send Mano Polking with Vasapol Crystal Glass. Attending this press conference, Mano Polking. The head coach of the Thai national team said: "It doesn't matter who we play because the four teams that qualified are good teams, but the important thing is that we are group champions, so we don't have to travel far to play other stadiums and this stadium we have played 4 games. Here our players are quality players and they are doing well. They are a good future for the Thai national team. The statistics are not important because Indonesia has a good future and is very strong. A lot of people have played in the senior team, for this team, there is understanding, they play as a team, they have tournaments to play. For us it will be a tougher game than in previous games, but we will be able to play with a good performance like the group stage again in this game." He also said that many scrum-half players and those who play abroad have contributed to the difference in the team, as Indonesia also has Asnawi, a right-back who plays in the Asian league, who is a good player and has been banned for the game. He can make a difference. So do we, Ben Davis. Other players playing in foreign leagues This has led to development because of foreign leagues. Strong, acquiring a wealth of experience, resulting in greater balance. This is important for athletes, it's good to have full stadium fans and a good atmosphere for football. The fans here in Nam Dinh Vietnam also make the atmosphere fun. As for the penalty overtime, If we get there, it means the game is over, but of course we want to finish in 90 minutes, but if it has to be prolonged, we are ready for comments from Indonesian fans who think the team is not as good as it was in the past. I think they're doing well and the players are playing as a team, but I'm confident in the national team. After the first game and we played according to the plan and believed that we were good enough to qualify for the final, the Thailand men's national football team will face Indonesia at Thien Truong Stadium on 19 May 2022 at 16.00 hrs., live on TV5 HD1.
Thailand Taekwondo team wins 2 SEA Games gold medals|Taekwondo debuts in SEA Games "Thanakrit Yodrak" and "Chaichon Cho" made a great result. Won 2 gold medals for Thai athletes Meanwhile, Thailand is still looking to win 3 more gold medals today in the 63kg, 53kg and 57kg classes on May 17, 2022. Thai Taekwondo team won 2 gold medals in the 58 kg class "Haman" Thanakrit Yodrak. The 18-year-old, who showed his opponents in all 3 rounds, especially the final, comfortably beat Cambodia 34-5 to win his first gold medal in the 68kg class. 19-year-old Chaichon Cho, half of Thailand and South Korea, met Lee Hong Phuc of Vietnam, who Chaichon Cho scored to win 14-11 at the end of the final round to win the second gold medal for the Thai team after competing. "Chai Chon" said that this gold medal was given to his mother in addition to 2 gold medals. Jaijulla scored against his Filipino rival before losing 7-16 to win the silver medal. In the men's 54 kg class, Thailand's Chutikarn Jongkolrattanawattana defeated hosts Vietnam 6-10 to win the silver medal. In the women's 46kg class, this afternoon (May 18, 2022). Thai Taekwondo Team There are 3 more gold medals in the 63 kg class. 53 kg Chulanan Khantikulanonda and 57 kg Pannapa Hansujin 
"Pannapa" knocked down the host to win the 3rd gold medal for the Thai Taekwondo team.|"Nok" Pannapa Hansujin won the third gold medal for the Thai Taekwondo team at the SEA Games, while "Temwin Hanprab" fought wholeheartedly despite a right knee injury. Won the bronze medal. Today, Thais join in "Tennis Panipak" to win the gold medal in the 49 kg class on May 18, 2022. SEA Games, Taekwondo Combat Day 2 Thai Taekwondo Team After the first day won 2 gold medals, "Nok" Pannapa Hansujin in the 57 kg class, showing aggressive kicking the head alternately Pham Gray Jerm the host athlete in the final. After winning 33 to 14 to win the third gold medal for the Thai Taekwondo team, after the competition, "Pannapa" invited Coach Choi Young-seok to run on the track and perform "Sarangheiyo". Use your arms together to make a heart shape. Bring a smile to the fans who cheer together. After "Pannapa" returned to win the SEA Games gold medal again in 9 years. The 2016 Olympic Games silver medalist injured his right knee before competing. He was able to kick one leg with his left leg, but the semi-finals were played against Indonesia, losing 16 to 17 points, winning the consolation bronze medal in the performance of the Thai Taekwondo team for 3 days, winning 3 gold, 3 silver and 3 bronze medals. Thai Taekwondo team also wins gold medal in 3 more editions, highlighted by "tennis" Panipak Wongpattanakit. Olympic Games gold medalist who will compete in the 49 kg class. 
"Thoronthorn" makes his gold debut for Thai weightlifting army |"Thornthorn Sukcharoen" Thailand women's national team She lifted a total weight of 174 kg and won the gold medal in the women's 45 kg category at the 31st SEA Games in Hanoi, Vietnam today (May 19, 2022). At the 31st SEA Games in Hanoi, Vietnam, Thai athletes collected more medals, with "Arm" Thoronthorn Sukcharoen winning the first gold medal in weightlifting for the Thai national team. In the women's 45kg class, Snatch Thoronthorn finished in 79kg, still 1kg behind Vietnam's Fong Mai Kong, but the 2nd Clean & Jerk passed at 95kg, forcing her Vietnamese rival to flee to 96kg in the 3rd round. Vietnam's best was the second lift of 92 kilograms with a total weight of 172 kilograms and a silver medal. Thoronthorn tried to lift the 100 kg clean & jerk in the third but failed to pass the total weight of 174 kg, enough to win the gold medal and better than the SEA Games record of 172 kg. The bronze medal belongs to Harirah. Siti Nafisatul from Indonesia 162 kg 
Indonesian football fans slam IG "Jonathon Needee" After Thailand qualified for the SEA Games|The Instagram account "Jonathon Needee" was flooded by Indonesian football fans and pressed for reporting. After Thailand's 1-0 win over Indonesia in the semi-finals of the 2021 SEA Games on May 19, 2022, Mano Polking led Thailand to a 1-0 win over Indonesia in the semi-finals thanks to a stunning extra-time winner from Veerathep Pomphan. The quota midfielder is over the age of 23 of the team. Despite losing midfielder William Wildege, a half-Thai-Swedish midfielder. The second yellow card is a red card sent off the pitch. The latter refused to accept the verdict of the referee Mano. He admitted that it was the happiest day in which the whole team showed spirit to beat Indonesia and reach the final. After this, we have to do our homework and continue to analyze the opponent like Vietnam, the important thing now is not to train but to recover physically, to get the players back completely ready for the important game against Vietnam to win and bring the gold medal back to Thai fans. In the finals, the focus was mainly on his team to make the most of the game. Good needle The defender of the Thai national team has been flooded with comments by Indonesian fans on Instagram and pressed reports to temporarily inactivate his account. After the 1-0 win over Indonesia, Jonathan showed his aggressiveness in the ball and cleared the scuffle between the two players who received four red cards towards the end of extra time. Mr. Pipat Ratchakitprakan The Minister of Tourism and Sports was very impressed with the performance of Thai footballers in this game. Donated 1 million baht to the Thai national football team. The Thai national team will travel to Hanoi to prepare for the final against Vietnam on May 22 at 7 p.m. Read related news "Veerathep" Chadprawatchai leads Thailand to a 1-0 win over Indo to advance to the women's futsal final. Won their fifth gold medal after beating Vietnam 2-1. 
"Veerathep" urges Thailand national team to shake off fatigue Put it all the way to the SEA Games final. |"Veerathep Pomphan" urged the Thai national team to quickly shake off the fatigue and put it all on in the final game. The SEA Games will face Vietnam on May 22. Today (20 May 2022), Thai midfielder Veerathep Pomphan urged the Thai national team to quickly shake off their fatigue and put it all in the final. SEA Games after the semi-finals Thailand National Team defeat Indo won 1-0 in extra time to reach the final"The feeling at the time was that the whole game was uncomfortable. "Personally, I think Indonesia is the best team in this tournament with the time they have and the players who have the first team experience, unlike us who have the younger generations, but we all fight with heart, do our homework and tactics to achieve the goal." I think doing my best, losing and winning is football, but I want everyone, myself, to do my best. If we're full, I think the victory will be ours." 2021 SEA Games Final May 22 at 7:00 p.m. at Mi Dinh Stadium, Hanoi
Chaba Kaew defeated Vietnam 0-1 to miss out on SEA Games title|Thailand women's national football team lost to Vietnam 0-1 goal to win SEA Games Vietnam won 3 consecutive titles today ( 20 May 2022) competition Women's Football Final In the 31st SEA Games, the stadium Cam Fa Stadium between Thailand and Vietnam started the game, both teams exchanged games but no one scored, both sides had 2-3 chances to score, ending the first half tied 0-0. The Thai women's national football team won the SEA Games silver medal for the fifth time. 11 Thailand national team lineup Women's football finals at the 31st SEA Games Waraporn Boonsingh (GK), Kanchanaporn Sankhun, Pornpirun Pilawan, Silawan Intami (C), Nipawan Pannosuk, Warunee Petcharawit, Sunisa Sangthaisong, Nathawadee Prumnak, Kanyanat Chethabutr, Orapin silver ring, Taneekarn Dangda 
Thai Esports defeated Vietnam 4-1 to win ROV gold|Thai Esports Athletes Won the 31st ROV SEA Games gold after beating Vietnam 4-1 game today (22 May 2022) at 2.00 p.m. Esports Final (ROV) match between Thailand and Vietnam in the 31st SEA Games. The competition uses a 4 out of 7 game system. In the first game, the Vietnamese team opened the attack and beat the Thai national team. The Vietnamese team led 1-0 in the game. Game 2 Thailand beat Vietnam. The draw was 1-1. Game 3. Thailand won Vietnam. Thailand led 2-1 in the 4th game. This game came back important because Vietnam had to win because if Thailand win, it would hold a huge competitive advantage. Thailand won 4-1 to win the gold medal at the 31st SEA Games. Meanwhile, the silver medal belongs to Vietnam. Performed beautifully, winning every match.  
"Duangaksorn Jaidee", the power of Thai girls Won gold in women's 71 kg weightlifting  |Duangaksorn Jaidee, a Thai woman with a total weight of 279 kg, won the gold medal. In the women's 71 kg weightlifting competition at the 31st SEA Games today (May 22, 2022), "Orange" Duangaksorn Jaidee Thailand's women's national weightlifter weighed a total of 279 kg to win the gold medal. In weightlifting 71 kg and above The 31st SEA Games, while the silver medal went to athletes from Indonesia with a total weight of 252 kg, and the bronze medal went to Vietnamese athletes with a total weight of 251 kg.   
"Dawn Suriya Panya won gold in the 89 kg weight class. |Rungsuriya Abdullah Thailand's national team youthful After winning the gold medal in the 89 kg weight class and above. Today (22 May 2022) Rungsuriya Abdullah Thai national weightlifter won gold medal in men's 89 kg and above with a total weight of 349 kg at the 31st SEA Games.   
"Mano" proud of the war elephant - Madame Pang asks "Don't despair with Thai football"|"Mano Polking" Apologies to Thai fans He insisted that he himself was proud of all the Thai players who came to the SEA Games. Meanwhile, "Madam Pang" would like to not despair with Thai football just yet, thanks to all the encouragement from all Thais today (23 May 2022). After Thailand defeated Vietnam in the final of the 2021 SEA Games and won the silver medal. sorry All Thai fans and insisted that he himself was proud of all the Thai national team players who came to the SEA Games. "We have to be proud of this tournament and feel very proud of the players because everyone is playing great. Everyone worked hard and tried hard not only today but also in the past games and promised to work hard and keep going to take the team to the goal. Asian Cup in Uzbekistan while "Nuanpan Lamsam" or Madam Pang is the manager of the Thai national football team. The SEA Games outfit said after the match that he apologized to Thai fans, "but let's not despair about Thai football yet". However, this is considered a dream match for all ASEAN nations who follow this match. The Thai men's national football team will return immediately on May 23, 2022 and will arrive at Suvarnabhumi International Airport at 4.25 p.m. 
Thailand women's volleyball beat Vietnam 3-0 to win SEA Games gold medal|Women's Volleyball Thailand beat hosts Vietnam in three sets with scores of 25-20, 25-14 and 25-14 to win the 2021 SEA Games gold medal today (May 16, 2022). Volleyball at the 31st SEA Games was played at Daiyen Arena. Quang Ninh, Vietnam Thailand women's national volleyball team competes for gold medal Meet the hosts Vietnam in the past. Thailand won four games in a row, beating the Philippines and Indonesia 3-0 and beating hosts Vietnam 3-1 before beating Malaysia 3-0 in 12 sets. The result of the match appeared that the Thai national team. Continued hot performances Winning 3-0 sets 25-20, 25-14, 25-14 to win and win more gold medals for Thai athletes amid encouragement from Thai fans cheering through the hashtag #วอลเลย์บอลหญิง to trend on Twitter. Read related newsWomen's volleyball wins 3 sets in SEA Games Thailand beat Philippines 3-0 to win first match of SEA Games 
Thailand U17 is in line F against Vietnam - Taiwan - Nepal Asian Championship qualifiers.|Thailand U17 national team is in Group F with Vietnam, Taiwan and Nepal in the Asian Football Championship. Preliminary round is today (May 22, 2022) at 1:00 p.m. local time. Asian Football Confederation Held a lottery ceremony for the Asian Football Championship. Under-17 and up lottery results Group A: Japan, Jordan (hosts), Syria, Philippines, Turkmenistan Group B: Indonesia (hosts), Malaysia, Palestine, Guam, UAE Group C: Oman (hosts), Iraq, Qatar, Lebanon, Bahrain Group D: India, Saudi Arabia (hosts), Myanmar, Maldives, Kuwait Group E: Yemen, Bangladesh (hosts), Singapore, Bhutan Group F: Thailand, Vietnam (hosts), Taiwan, NepalGroup G: Australia (hosts), China, Cambodia, Northern Marianas Group H: Tajikistan (hosts), Afghanistan, Timor-Leste, Mongolia Group I: Iran, Hong Kong, Kyrgyzstan (hosts), Laos Group J: South Korea, Brunei, Uzbekistan (hosts), The tournament will take place from 1-9 October 2022. This by the program of the Thai national team. Under-17s are as follows: 5 Oct2022 Thailand - Nepal7 Oct2022 Taiwan - Thailand9 Oct 2022 Thailand - Vietnam for the qualifying tournament will lead the 10 group winners, along with the best 2nd place 5-6 nations, to play in the final round in Bahrain next year.   
SEA Games 2021 "Vietnam" sends sticks to "Cambodia" to host for the first time|Vietnam officially closed the 2021 SEA Games and handed over the sticks to Cambodia as hosts for the first time. Next year, while "Joshua Robert Atkinson" The Thai national team athletes were awarded the Best Athlete award at the closing ceremony of the Games on May 23, 2022. The official closing ceremony of the 31st SEA Games was held at the Indoor Sports Center in Hanoi, attended by representatives of officials and athletes from all 10 ASEAN nations and the hosts. A total of 4 winners were namely Vietnam, 2 Vietnamese, 1 Singaporean and 1 Thai athlete, Joshua Robert Atkinson, who won 4 gold medals in 4 events in the men's 400m, 800m, men's 4 x 400m and men's 4 x 400m mixed relay. A total of 458 athletes competed, winning 92 gold, 103 silver and 138 bronze medals, finishing in 2nd place with fewer gold medals than Vietnam. The hosts won as many as 113 medals, while the highlight was the delivery of the SEA Games flag to Cambodia. Cambodia is one of the nations that co-founded the SEA Games, but they have never hosted the Games before and will do so for the first time next year. During May 5-17, which was initially scheduled to host a total of 40 sports, read related news, Thai athletes performed satisfactorily. In the 31st SEA Games, Thailand women's volleyball defeated Vietnam 3-0 sets to win the SEA Games gold medal. Won their fifth gold medal after beating Vietnam 2-1. 
Thailand Futsal joins Kuwait-Iraq-Oman in Asian Championship 2022 |The Thai Futsal Team will join Group A with Kuwait, Iraq and Oman in the 2022 Asian Championship from September 25 to October 20 today (May 26, 2022). The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) held a lottery ceremony for the 2022 Asian Futsal Championship in Kuwait. Group A: Kuwait (hosts), Iraq, Thailand, Oman Group B: Uzbekistan, Bahrain, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan Group C: Iran, Lebanon, Taiwan, Indonesia Group D: Japan, Vietnam, South Korea, Saudi Arabia for the first leg of the national team program (to be confirmed) First leg - Thailand v Iraq 2nd leg - Oman v Thailand match 3 - Kuwait v Thailand The match will take place from September 25 to October 20. The winner and runner-up of the group will advance to the knockout stage.     
U23 War Elephant Report Asian Championship "Coach Yoong" hopes to prepare the best team|Thailand U23 national football team players report to prepare for training for the Asian Championship "Coach Yoong" hopes to prepare the best team before going to Uzbekistan "Madame Pang" reveals "Nusbum-Siegheart" to join the war elephant camp Today, "Mickelson" joined today (May 25, 2022) at 11.00 a.m. Thailand men's national under-23 football team to report to prepare for training for the Asian Championship. Uzbekistan's Under-23 Championship final was led by head coach Varawut Srimagha. Players like Tanawat Seungjitthavorn, Marcel Sieghart, Chayapipat Suphan Phesach The rest of the athletes are on a mission and will join them later. Varawut Srimagha Head Coach The Thailand Under-23 national team said there was plenty of time for the national team. No more, no less, but we will use the rest of the time before the first game. To prepare the team as best as possible. For the players called, it is satisfactory and considered complete. As for the selection, this episode is troubling enough. But we will try to find the best players to go to the Asian Championship. We try to look at it game by game, we do our homework and study the opponent hard to reach the goal that we have in mind, while Thailand national team manager Nuanpan Lamsam has revealed that two half-backs, Yannick Nussbaum and Marcel Sieghart, will be ready for the Thailand U23 camp on May 25 to prepare for the final of the 2022 Asian Championship in Uzbekistan from June 1 - 19, 2022. The U23 team announced the 30-man squad before cutting it down to 23 players for the big tournament in Uzbekistan, while Nuanpan, who coordinates the recruitment of half-players from overseas, said, "Pang thinks this is like a modern national team that is a mix of the best Thai players and half-players who have experience playing overseas. In addition to helping to raise the level of our team, it also shows that we are likely to get more players from abroad to join the national team. "After talking to the players and their families, everyone is excited and eager to play for the Thai national team, with the half-backs Yannick and Sieghart joining the camp today immediately after arriving in Thailand, as well as Thanawat, Ajitpol and Chayapipat, and Ben Davis will join the camp on May 26. C., Nicholas Mickelson Young wants to play his last cup game. On May 26, he flew to Thailand on May 28 and Jonathon Needdee will fly to Uzbekistan on May 31 to train at Yamaoka Hanasaka Academy before qualifying again before traveling to Uzbekistan on May 29, 2022. The final schedule of the 2022 Asian Championship for Thailand U23 is as follows: June 2022 at 10:00 p.m. Thai timeThailand national team Vietnam vs Vietnam at Bunyodkor Stadium5 June 2022 at 10:00 p.m. SGT Malaysia National Team Thailand vs Thailand at Bunyodkor Stadium8 In June 2022, at 20:00 GMT, South Korea vs Thailand at Pakhtakor Markazi Stadium.  
Liverpool win Thiago fit to face Real Madrid in UCL final|Jurgen Klopp could use Thiago in Champions League final Liverpool face Real Madrid tonight, while tonight's match is also a rematch of the 2017-2018 season.
Today (28 May 2022) before the UEFA Champions League final. League at Stade de France in Paris Liverpool face Real Madrid tonight in a rematch of the 2017-2018 season. Players with injuries late in the season Gradually starting to regain fitness and be ready to play in this game. Virgil van Dijk, Mohamed. Salah or Fabinho and Thiago Alcantara, who was injured in the final game of the season, are expected to be unavailable in time for this match. Klopp says there may be a surprise Thiago will take charge of the Reds' midfield. Having been able to train with his team-mates in the last few days while other positions at Liverpool have no problem, Klopp may have to weigh whether to send Ibrahima Konate or Joel Matip into the centre alongside Van Dijk, as Matip and Konate have both played well together. The 13-time winner of the competition has submitted a list of 26 players to UEFA, the first team, with no injuries or suspensions. Benzema, Vinicius Junior, Toni Kroos, Luca Modric, Carlo Ancelotti Casemiro Madrid's coach said in a press conference before yesterday's game that reaching this year's final was a great achievement and insisted that everyone would give everything to win the title, while international football commentator Adisorn Phungya said the game will be measured by timing and finishing in the final area because there is no difference in the quality of the players. Dating back to 27 May 1981, Liverpool played Real Madrid in Paris and Liverpool won 1-0 through Alan Kennedy, but that year at the Parc de Prince, Liverpool met Real Madrid in the last UEFA Champions League final in 2017-2018, which Real Madrid won 3-1 under Zinedine Zidane. Fans of both teams are confident that their beloved team will win the European Championship. In the third meeting in the finals, in which the previous 2 teams took turns winning the championship once. 
New Statistics Thailand men's national team is unbeaten in 10 matches.  |Thailand men's national team set a new 10-match unbeaten streak with an 11th win against Bahrain on May 31. They are on a 10-match unbeaten streak since last month. The 10 matches were played under Mano Polking. 5 December 2021 Thailand defeated Timor Leste 2-011 December 2021 Thailand defeated Myanmar 4-014 December 2021 Thailand defeated Philippines 2-118 December 2021 Thailand defeated Singapore 2-023 December 2021 Thailand defeated Vietnam 2-026 December 2021 Thailand drew with Vietnam 0-029 December 2021 Thailand defeated Indonesia 4-01 January 2022 Thailand drew with Indonesia 2-224 March 2022 Thailand defeated Nepal 2-027 March 2022 Thailand defeated Suriname 1-027 May 2022 Thailand defeated Turkmenistan 1-0Thailand's final defeat It must go back to June 15, when they lost to Malaysia 0-1 for the next match. Thailand will face Bahrain at BG Stadium on 31 May 2022 at 19.00 hrs.
Nottingham Forest promoted back to the Premier League after 23 years  |Nottingham Forest beat Huddersfield Town 1-0 to secure promotion back to the Premier League after 23 years in the play-offs to secure promotion to the Premier League. The semi-final between fourth-placed Nottingham Forest and third-placed Huddersfield Town took place at Wembley, with Nottingham Forest winning 1-0 thanks to an own goal from Huddersfield Town's 19-year-old Levi Colville. After Fulham and Bournemouth, the return to the Premier League This time the league of the team. For the first time since the 1998–99 season, or in 23 years.   
 "Buriram" beat "Prachuap" 4-0 Won 3 championships this season |Thai Football The season is over, with all 3 championships this year going solely to Buriram United. After yesterday, they won the League Cup. The end of this season was pretty unbeatable for the castle warlords. Buriram United, after previously winning two titles, the Thai League title and the FA Cup winner, yesterday (May 29, 2022) were able to win the final title of the season. With a brutal performance, they thrashed PT Prachuap FC, the champions of this competition in 2019, 4-0 with goals from Jonathan Bolinkie alone, Peeradon Chuamradi and Suphanat Duengta. Another goal each allowed Buriram to sweep all 3 championships this season and it was the sixth title in this competition for Buriram United, the most since the competition began 11 times. It is undeniable that it comes from the courage to change the team of Nevin Chidchob. Buriram United president Masatada Ishii chose Japanese head coach Masatada Ishii for the 2nd leg, as well as bringing back former pitcher Theerathon Boonmathan from the Japanese J-League who can raise the team a lot. The head coach of Buriram United said that the team's next goal In addition to defending all 3 championships in the arena. AFC Champions League, where teams will play in the group stage. In the 2023-2024 season, which is considered to have some time to prepare the team, this year when the team is eliminated from the qualifying round, that is an important experience that will make Buriram stronger than this. Many of Buriram's players will be on a mission to serve their national teams in both the 23-year-old Asian Championship and the 3rd round Asian Cup qualifiers in Uzbekistan, before returning to prepare for the pre-season with Thai League runners-up BG Pathum United in early August before the start of the Thai League season on August 12.
"Pimpichya" scored 32 points as Thailand women's volleyball beat Serbia.|Thailand women's volleyball wins 2 games in a row In the Volleyball Nations League after beating Serbia 3-2 in sets, "Pimpichaya Kokram" scored the highest 32 points in this match. Thailand's next match is set to face Belgium on June 2, 2022. The Thai women's volleyball team's second Nations League match will be played against Serbia, the world champion and last year's Olympic bronze medallist. Thailand sent the main kit to the field. Led by 3 offensive lines, namely Chatchuon Moksri, Atcharaporn Kongyot, Pimpichaya Kokram and Pornpan Kerdprasage as the captain set, this game is fun to fight. The Thai team used a combination of attacking balls and a cohesive defensive game. Serbian section Playing hard ball in European style, even when the Thai team took the lead, but returned to form. The game came out to be tied at 2-2 sets, had to fight in the 5th set, which decided the first set, Serbia led 4-7, but Chatchuon Moksri came to chase down the score for the Thai girls until the tie at 11-11. The Thai women beat Serbia, ranked No. 5 in the world, 3-2 to win their second consecutive match. After the first match was won. Bulgaria came in three sets while Pimpichya, who scored a game-high 32 points, was proud of his teammates. Everything on the training ground has been implemented and "very bang in this match" for the Thai women's volleyball team, who will play their third match against Belgium on Saturday at 5 p.m. local time and end the first week with a game against China. On Sunday at 8 p.m., read related news about Thai women's volleyball. Bulgaria beat Bulgaria in 3 sets for VNL 2022 debut 
"Volleyball" Women's Nations League 2022 Thailand lost to Belgium 2-3 sets|Thailand women's volleyball team lost to Belgium 2-3 today (June 4, 2022). Thailand women's national volleyball team played in the FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League 2022 3rd match against Belgium in Ankara, Turkey. Thailand lost 2-3 sets 22-25, 25-18, 25-23, 21-25, 13-15 for tomorrow's fixture (June 5). Thailand women's national volleyball team vs China at 7.45 p.m., broadcast live on Channel One 31      
Nadal wins French Open 14th Period|Nadal still reigns supreme on clay courts. After defeating his Norwegian rivals without resistance to win the French Open. 14 titles added to a record 22 Grand Slam titles. On 5 Jun 2022 French Open Tennis Men's Singles Final Raphael Nadal Spain's King Courtdin, the 13-time champion of the tournament, faces 23-year-old Casper Ruud of Norway, who reached a Grand Slam final for the first time in his life. Ruud went down in three sets with scores of 6-3, 6-3 and 6-0 to win the title. French Open He is the 14th tennis player to win the tournament at the age of 36 years and two days, increasing his Grand Slam lifting total to 22. Nadal Rumored to be hanging up the racket. Said while accepting the championship trophy. He insists he has not yet decided on his future and will continue to fight as far as his physical condition can handle.
Thai slapper beats China In the first Nations League match. |Thailand women's national rubber ball player The Thai national team won the Nations League with a 3-2 win over the world's No. 2 team, China. Today (June 5, 2022), Volleyball Nations League The last game of the Thai women's team in the first week is against the Chinese national team. This Thai game has a problem. When the main player like Thaddao He was injured, so he sent down Kaewkalya Kamultala and gave Sasipaporn Chantavisutra a chance. Come down and play the masthead instead. For the first time, we went first. From the offensive game, China couldn't catch the ball at the head of the pole and the ball of Tanatcha Suksod that came down late in the game. Thailand won the first 25-23, but in the next two sets, China set up the game. Chasing the score from Li Yingying's sharp slap ball on the post, which Thailand tried to fight back but when the score started to fall apart, substitutes like 2 brothers Tichakorn and Tichaya Boonlert came to touch the game, but in the end lost 13-25 and 14-25, China led 2-1 but the turning point was in the 4th set when we sent Acharaporn Kongyot down, making Thailand's attacking game better until the lead 16-11, although China tried to hit shallow, but we did not press before winning 25-23 to draw 2-2. The offense of Pimpichaya and Chatchuorn was decisive until we had 5 match points, which China tried to resist, but in the end it was Acharaporn who closed the match to win 15-11. They beat China 3-2 in the first match of the Thai women's match against the Chinese national team in this Volleyball Nations League match. Beam-Pimpichaya Kokram scored a game-high 28 points and Chatchuorn scored 16 points. Thailand will face Canada, Poland, Japan and the United States, with the first match against Canada on Thursday, June 14, 2022 at 2 p.m. Read related news "Women's Volleyball" Nations League 2022: Thailand defeats Belgium 2-3 Great set! "Pimpichya" scored 32 points, Thailand women's volleyball beat Serbia, Thailand women's volleyball beat Bulgaria 3 sets to make their VNL 2022 debut. 
Thailand beat Malaysia 3-0 to top Group C with South Korea |Thailand beat Malaysia 3-0 to add 3 points and 4 points to top South Korea's group if they draw with South Korea in the final game on June 5, 2022 at 10:00 p.m. (Thailand time) at Bunyodkor Stadium. Thailand U23 vs Malaysia U23 first game: Thailand drew 2-2 with Vietnam and Malaysia lost 1-4 to South Korea. Worawut Srimagha Wang Suppanat is a target with Ekanit Panya, Benjamin Davis and Channarong Promsrikaew. Support Brad Maloney. Led by Lukman Hakim along with Nick Akif and Daniel Asri started the game just 3 minutes later, Malaysia got the first chance from Mukhiri Ajmal's left-footed strike in the 7th minute. Ricochet shot to give Thailand a 1-0 lead in the 28th minute, Thailand made the first substitution by sending Coronation Ruangtanaroj on as a substitute. Yannick Nussbaum in the 29th minute, Thailand got another chance when Tanawat Seungjitthavorn stabbed Suphanat like an eye-catcher. A minute later, Channarong scooped Ekkanit Panya's header just wide of the second post, after which Thailand started to dominate the game but could not finish the first half. Leading 1-0, the second half started less than a minute later. Thailand almost took the lead when Channarong Promsrikaew paid for Ekkanit Panya to compose on the left and shot off the post in the 52nd minute. Krisda Kaman tricked the first post but was out of bounds in the 60th minute, Thailand had a chance to win from the moment Channarong Promsrikaew flowed for Suphanat Duangta, shot with the left, but still caught the save and the Malaysian counter-attack almost got a goal to equalize from the moment Hadi Fayyadh got off but the shot caught Noppol Dramapol's legs in the 69th minute. Mickelson opens for Charnnarong Promsrikaew In the 73rd minute, Thailand took the lead further away from Ben Ben. Davis stabbed Suphanat like an eye that fell out before firing in to make the score 3-0 in the 82nd minute. The latter slipped and hit the pole. Bounced off in the 86th minute, Thailand sent the dagger Palapol, Sittichoke Phaso and Patric Gustafsson. Go down instead. Ekanit Panya, Ben Davis and Suppanat looked like the rest of the game with no more goals to end the game. Thailand National Team defeat Malaysia went 3-0, while Vietnam drew 1-1 with South Korea, giving Thailand 4 points. Thailand will face South Korea at Pakhtakor Stadium on June 8, 2022 at 8:00 p.m. (Bangkok Time). Thai Noppol National Team Dramapol (GK), Yannick Nussbaum, Jonathon Kemdee, Krisda Kaman (C), Ekanit Panya, Tanawat Seungjitthavorn, Channarong Promsrikaew, Nicholas Mickelson, National Day Choosong, Suppanat Duengta, Benjamin Davis  
 "Tether Coach" Satisfied to make Thai football fans happy, believe the game against "South Korea" anything can happen.|Worawut Srimagha, Head Coach of Thailand National Team Satisfied with the team's win and making the fans happy and believing that the next game, anything can happen on June 5, 2022. Satisfied that the team won and made the fans happy and believed that the next game, anything can happen. defeat Malaysia have four points from two games and the last game only requires a draw to advance to the next round, the head coach of the Thai national team said. Today it was played as football. There was no outside game and it was a prestige game and both teams did well, I have to thank my players. Today he showed that amidst the different pressures in the team he can get through it. The important thing is that this victory must be given to all Thai players and fans. I think this win is going to make me feel better. We are happy for the whole country, Worawut said, "We give every player a chance to play, but if someone goes in and is still excited or can't answer the question, we have to change, but it's not an individual mistake, but we do it quickly because we know what will happen for the next fixture. Thailand will face South Korea at Pakhtakor Stadium on June 8, 2022 at 8:00 p.m. (Bangkok Time).  
Opening conditions: Thailand U23 national team to qualify for the Asian Championship |Open conditions: Thailand U23 qualified for the knockout stage. Asian Championship 2022 Thailand national football team page Thailand U-23 qualification for the 2022 Asian Championship will be played in their final match against South Korea. The Under-23s have four points from their first two games and are top of the group with the same four points as South Korea and the same number of goals conceded. But a better Fair Play score puts them at the top of the group right now, while Vietnam have 2 points, while Malaysia are yet to be eliminated. If the score is equal, they will look at head to head first and see the goals conceded. South Korea vs Malaysia at Pakhtakor Stadium Vietnam vs Malaysia at Stadium Bunyodkor will compete simultaneously. On June 8 at 20:00 (GMT), if Thailand wins, South Korea will advance to the next round with 7 points as Group C champions. If Vietnam beats Malaysia, Thailand will advance to the next round as group runners-up according to the mini-league rules, while the group winner will be Vietnam (with the mini-league rules eliminated the result of the game against Malaysia). Thailand will have 5 points, and if Vietnam wins Malaysia, Thailand will be the group champion with the best mini-league, if Thailand loses and Vietnam does not beat Malaysia, they will be the 2nd place team in the group. Malaysia beat Malaysia 3-0 to top Group C with South Korea 
 "Thad Star" The injury requires 6-8 weeks rest and will return to Thailand tomorrow. |"Thaddao Nungchaeng" has to rest for 6-8 weeks after suffering an injury from the Volleyball Nations League defeat to Belgium and return to Thailand tomorrow.  Today (June 6, 2022) was the success of the new team that beat China 3-2 in the Volleyball Nations League despite not having the main fast ball Thad Dao He was injured against Belgium on June 4. Medical and Sports Science Department of Volleyball Association of Thailand Revealed that preliminary Thad Dao There is a left lower lumbar back injury. Unable to stand up, he was taken to the hospital. The physical examination found no injuries or nerve abnormalities, but an MRI scan revealed fractures in the lower lumbar region of the 1st and 3rd lumbar vertebrae, which are the sticking points of the inner spinal muscles, which may have been caused by severe contraction of the spinal muscles while falling. Consultation and preliminary opinion that it can be treated without surgery, it will take about 6-8 weeks, but will come back for a thorough examination again. Thad Dao will arrive in Thailand tomorrow (June 7), but Taddao's morale is excellent. When team captain Pornpan Kerdprasage revealed that the game against China Everyone plays for the stars with Seth Sirima. Manakit, who had to take care of Thaddao in his hotel with a win over the Chinese national team, also moved Thailand up to 14th in the world rankings with 204 points, while China dropped from second to third in the race. The Thai women's team will travel to the Philippines from June 14-19 with the first match against Canada on Thursday, June 14 at 2 p.m. Related News In the first Nations League "Women's Volleyball" Nations League 2022: Thailand defeats Belgium 2-3 Great set! "Pimpichya" scored 32 points, Thailand women's volleyball beat Serbia, Thailand women's volleyball beat Bulgaria 3 sets to make their VNL 2022 debut.
"Nong May" defeated Chen Yufei to win runner-up at Indonesia Masters |"Nong May" Ratchanok Thai badminton player defeated "Chen Yufei" The Chinese slapper won the runner-up title at the Badminton Indonesia Masters 2022 today (June 12, 2022). Badminton tournament at Indonesia Masters 2022 at Gerola Bungkarno, Jakarta Indonesia World Tour 500 Final "Nong May" Ratchanok Inthanon, No. 8 in the world and No. 5 in the tournament, will face Chen Yufei, No. 1 in the tournament and No. 4 in the world from China. Ratchanok lost 16-21 in the second game, controlling the game better. The game was 21-18 and tied the game 1-1. Ratchanok took an early 7-2 lead but was chased down by 11-14 Chen Yufei. Take it easy. They won 2-1 games 21-16, 18-21 and 21-16. The runner-up will receive US$13,680 (about 476,064 Baht). Chen Yufei Win a championship Receive $27,000 (about 939,600 Baht) Read related news "Nong Pink" Pitchamon defeated "Song Chou Yun" in the battle of Denmark Masters 
Thailand beat Sri Lanka 2-0 to get 6 points in Asian Cup|Thailand beat Sri Lanka 2-0 to score 6 points from 2 matches The next match will be against Uzbekistan on June 14, June 11, 2022 at 7:00 p.m. (Thailand time) at Markazi Stadium. Asian Cup Qualifier Group C Matchday 2 Thailand vs Sri Lanka In the first game, Thailand beat Maldives 3-0 and Sri Lanka lost 3-0 to Uzbekistan. Mano Polking has taken over the same starting 11 from the first game. Led by Theerasin Dangda, Theerathon Boonmathan and Sarach Yuyen. The game was led by Dillon de Silva. The QPR attacker started the game just 4 minutes later, Thailand greeted first from the moment Theerathon tried to press with the left, the ball went sideways and went off the back of the net. In the 6th minute, Thailand struck again from a free-kick in front of goal and Theerathon spun with his left and was flicked over the crossbar in the 8th minute. After that, Thailand attacked hard and in the 34th minute Thailand took a 1-0 lead through Sarach. Give the ball to Pithiwat Sukjitthamkul, flick it back to Thitipun. Moon Trailer Thailand continued to attack and should have taken the lead in the 37th minute when Tristan Do flicked Pathomphon Charoenrattanapirom into the net. And in the 44th minute, Bodin Phala tried spinning with his right but the ball went to the save. At the end of the first half, Thailand led 1-0.The second half Thailand made substitutions by sending on Jakphan Pairsuwan and Sasalak Haiprakhon in place of Bodin and Sarach. In the 63rd minute, Thailand won again from the moment Veerathep Pomphan let Thitiphan slip past the goal, but still was intercepted in the 64th minute. In the 78th minute, Thailand had another chance when Theerasin scored a solo shot, but he made another save. During injury time, Chayawat Srinawong paid for Worachit Kanitsribampen. Hit the pole with your right. Thailand led 2-0 with no further goals to end the game. Thailand beat Sri Lanka 2-0 with 6 points from 2 matches. Thailand vs Uzbekistan at Markazi Stadium on 14 June 2022 at 10:30 p.m. (Bangkok Time) for the starting 11 line-up: Theerathon, Pansa Hemviboon, Sarat, Thitipun, Theerasin, Bodin, Pathomphon, Pithiwat Sukjitthamkul, Veerathep, Tristan Do, Siwarak Tetsungnoen 
 FIVB Green Light "Thai Girl Slapper" 8 Nations League substitutions after COVID-19 |International Volleyball Federation gives green light to "Thai women's slapper" Substituted for Nations League after contracting COVID-19 Half of the squad ahead of tomorrow's game against Poland Today (June 15, 2022) Thai Girl Slapping Case A total of 8 people tested positive for COVID-19 in the Nations League, leaving 7 people who have not yet been infected. Request backup now! 8 COVID-19 players in recent Nations League battle Mr. Somporn Use some tires. President of Volleyball Association of Thailand The International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) has considered Thailand to replace athletes who have tested positive for RT-PCR or tested positive for COVID-19. Five athletes on the 25-man roster are eligible to compete, while the FIVB's Volleyball Nations League (VNL) organizers have given good news that Thailand has approved the replacement of athletes as required by the association. The association has sent 5 athletes, namely Charaporn Songsak, Wipawee Srithong, Katley Pinsuwan, Kannika Thipachote and Thicharaya Boonlert, to join the team in the Philippines at noon today. Mr. Somporn said that the association thanked the FIVB's VNL organizing department for the special courtesy and thanked the volleyball associations of the United States, Japan, Belgium, Bulgaria, Poland and Canada for agreeing to allow Thailand to replace athletes in special cases.  
Thailand defeats USA No. 1 in Nations League 2022 |Thailand defeated USA 1-3 sets with scores of 25-17,13-25,23-25,18-25 in the Nations League 2022 matchday 4, round 2 today (June 19, 2022). 2022 Volleyball Nations League Women's Team Tournament in Philippines Matchday 4 Week 2: Thai women's team, ranked 7th in the Nations League table, will face the 3rd ranked team in the table, USA, who are ranked No. 1 in the world. Last Olympic gold medalist, while Meeting of 2 teams 5 The last time it appeared that Thailand had lost all, the most recent was a 0-3 loss to the United States in last year's Nations League. In the same outfit with 7 masters traveling to the tournament. The first set, the Thai girls team performed well, winning as well. Score 25-17 2nd set The U.S. beat Thailand with a score of 13-25. In the third set, both teams fought with fun, but it was the U.S. who won 23-25. Starting the 4th set, both teams fought hard and it was the United States that beat Thailand 18-25. Atcharaporn Kongyot scored the most points for the Thai team with 25 points, while Chatchuon Moksri ranked 2nd scored 13 points. Fanti scored 27 points, the most for the U.S. after the Thai women's team will rest and return to Thailand. Before traveling to Bulgaria for the third match, the first game on Field 3 will be against South Korea, Wednesday, June 29 at 21:00 p.m.Read related news Thai women train before the U.S. World No. 1 match tomorrow Thailand women's volleyball defeat Japan 0-3 in Nations League match The King-Queen gave encouragement to the Thai women's volleyball team.    
Banned former president of International Steel Lift for life|The former president of the International Weightlifting Federation has been banned for life by order of the Court of Arbitration for Sport. After being found guilty of financial offences and interfering with the banned substances testing process today (June 21, 2022). Court of Arbitration for Sport announces punishment Mr. Tamas Ajan Former President of the International Weightlifting Federation Do not be involved in the sport of weightlifting for life. He was found guilty of financial fraud and interfering with the testing process of banned substances, the order came into effect on June 16. Independent Committee (ITA) of the International Weightlifting Federation Check in such matters. Nearly 150 cases of unresolved banned substances were reported by the media on Germany's ARD between 2009 and 2019, with 29 cases still unprosecuted. The chairman of the World Anti-Doping Organization (WADA) said he would work with independent commissions and other agencies, including law enforcement, to help uncover long-standing truths. In 2017, the International Olympic Committee warned that weightlifting would be eliminated from the Paris 2024 Olympics if there were no concrete amendments to the measures to prevent the use of stimulants.
The Cycling Association banned "Nattaphol" from racing for 1 year for serious violations.|Cycling Association of Thailand  Banned for 1 year "Nattapol Bumrunrak" from P&K Bike Sports Phitsanulok team banned from competing The latter is a serious offense. Intentional push-bump Other riders also refused to accept the award. Indicates sportsmanship. Today (20 June 2022) Cycling Association of Thailand According to the Thai Cycling Association Facebook page, the Thai Cycling Association has organized the "Sport Tourism Bike 4 All" and "Sport Tourism Bike 4 All" competitions for the 2022 King's Cup, Circuit 1, during 18-19 June 2022 at Bueng Si Fai. Phichit by competing On June 19, in the program "Cycling for Life Sport Tourism Bike 4 All" model AV35 male Mr. Nattapol Bumrunrak Athlete No. 480 from the P&K Bike Sports Phitsanulok team committed an offence during the acceleration to the finish line. As follows: 1. Intentional push saran sangpuang Athlete No. 471 from Lampang / Royal Navy Sports School team lost the opportunity to cross the finish line (violation of UCI rule 9.3.1 pushing athletes from different teams)2. Impact Mr. Chakrapetch Worasiri, athlete No. 435 from Xiao Lim Yi Team, fell before the finish line (seriously injured) in violation of UCI rule 11.1.  Prohibited behavior in the sprint to the finish line3.Refuse to receive the prize In violation of UCI rule 12.4.017(f), behavior that manifests sportsmanship is a serious offense. Referees of the Cycling Association of Thailand It is considered appropriate to punish the suspension of the competition. Mr. Nuttapol Team P&K Bike Sports Phitsanulok in the track organized by the Thailand Cycling Association and the track certified by the Thailand Cycling Association for 1 year.  
Goodbye to Anfield "Mane" Bayern Munich officially launched|Sadio Mane officially unveiled as Bayern Munich's new player, while Takumi Minamino has been officially unveiled. He left Anfield for the French league to increase his chances of making his debut with a new club in the summer market. Senegal international Sadio Mane, who joined Bayern Munich from Liverpool, signed a three-year contract with a fee of €32 million, plus an add-on fee of around €9 million. He admitted that the main reason he decided to leave was because he wanted to find a new challenge because he was saturated with playing in England, where he had played for eight years. This allows him to make decisions instantly without wasting time thinking. Klopp is not okay. Mane believes a move to Bayern will inspire young footballers from Senegal and across Africa to dream big. Work hard to the best of your ability to make your dreams come true. Hopefully, playing against Bayern will make these youngsters proud that in addition to losing Mane, Liverpool supporters have lost one of their favourite players after the club accepted an offer to release Takumi Minamino from the club. AS Monaco in the French league for a fee of around €18m for Minamino, despite being instrumental in helping the Reds win the FA Cup and League Cup by scoring seven goals in these two competitions, last season he made only 11 appearances. As a result, Minamino has opened up about wanting to leave the team for more playing opportunities. 
Thailand aiming to host Volleyball tournament "Nations League" next year|Volleyball Association of Thailand Preparing to propose to host the Nations League next year in Thailand After the Thai rubber ball team did their best work. Winning the hearts of both Thai and foreign volleyball fans. Meanwhile, the Thai women's volleyball team continues to recover before the third round of the tournament in Bulgaria on June 22, 2022. Sports Authority of Thailand After a record of 4 wins and 4 losses, they are in 8th place in the Nations League table and have a chance to qualify for the last 8 with 6 days left to play the 3rd place for the past 8 matches. Thai girls dressed in new blood, although their bodies are small, but they are small and have become a favorite of volleyball fans both on and off the court. Whether it's launching, playing the camera during the point challenge or during the mistake, smiling at each other, as well as fighting every ball, digging every ball, creating beautiful points many times. This makes volleyball fans, especially Thais who work in Turkey. Or Thais who work in the Philippines and some travel from Thailand to cheer. Meanwhile, international spectators still turn to cheer for the Thai national team. Because they respect their craftsmanship. Volleyball Association of Thailand Therefore, he wants to host the Nations League 1 stadium next year, which is a good sign from Mr. Somporn's revelation. Use some tires. The president of the association at the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) asked Thailand if he was interested. After seeing the volleyball fever and tenacity since the 7th set, but Thailand must study the conditions because it is quite costly and will go to the Philippines for a meeting. Another stadium in Nakhon Ratchasima province. Thailand will face Japan, South Korea and Turkey, while in 2019 it will be held at Indoor Stadium Huamark, Thailand will face Bulgaria, Dominican Republic and Turkey, and in 2020 Thailand will host in Phuket but had to cancel due to COVID-19. The Thai national team sent 7 Sien to fight, but next year it is considered a high chance that Thailand will host the program of the Thai women's volleyball team. The third week of the Nations League will be played in Bulgaria, with matches against South Korea on June 29, Dominican Republic on June 30, Brazil on July 2 and Italy on July 3. Read related news USA defeated World No. 1 in Nations League 2022Thailand women's volleyball defeated Japan 0-3 in Nations League match In their first Nations League match, Thailand defeated Canada in 3 sets. Nations League 2 debut  
Drama "ticket fare" before the battle of the Red Sox|Analysis of the drama "Red Rage Card" Behind pimri pie 20,000 discounted tickets are on sale and Jackson Wang is promoted as a Big Deal marketing strategy. Expected to be worth more than 5,000 million baht in the case of "Pimri Pie" Live selling tickets for the Red Rage Big Match between Manchester United and Liverpool with a discount of 20,000 tickets, or almost half of the stadium, followed by the promotion that "Jackson Wang" will be shown before the game and the sale of tickets through Pimri Pie. Manchester United ambassador Phil Babb and Liverpool legend Phil Babb attended the press conference. The market value is estimated at up to 5,000 million baht. It's not just Thailand's big match, it's Asia's big match. Direct revenue from ticket sales is expected to exceed 800 million baht. The stadium has a capacity of 60,000 people, so the only way the organizers will not lose money is to sell the tickets as expensive as possible. There are 7 tickets, the cheapest is 5,000 baht, the most expensive 25,000 baht. Man Utd  More expensive than the UEFA Champions League Finals Finally, tickets remained and almost half of the stadium capacity remained, and then the organizers promoted that they would bring "Jackson Wang" to the show before the game. It has over 28 million Instagram followers. Hope to use the "Entertainment" strategy 20,000 tickets are in Pimri Pie's hands, claiming to have spent 400 million baht. For example, tickets are 20,000 baht, sell 15,000 baht, tickets are 15,000 baht, sell 11,000 baht. It was originally the club's quota. It was sold overseas, but it was not sold out, so it was returned back, which was sold to Pimri Pie at full price. He also clarified that the 20,000 tickets were not originally sold in the system, but were set aside for overseas marketing due to the problem of travelling too far away by fans. Especially football fans in England, they had to pull back their tickets to sell themselves for the 20,000 tickets that Pimri Pie sold. 6,000 tickets per team and the remaining 8,000 tickets are overseas marketing quotas, which are sold in the ticket operator system as in Thailand, although the management insists that the full price be sold to Pimri. Pie, like other companies that also have lots of charters, but the tour went down anyway because the fans he had bought earlier echoed the sentiment even though Mr. Vinit said it was a matter of marketing mechanism. And Pimri Pie didn't buy it in advance, it was just bought 3 days ago, but last night's incident caused many fans to leave negative comments, many saying it was "emotional". After spending hours booking tickets in the system. It ended up in the blink of an eye, and it hit me with a fee. Some said they invested 20,000 but found it sold for 15,000, while plans to bring former GOT 7 member Jackson Wang to a concert two hours before the match in hopes of drawing his fans into the game were also criticized by fans. Can't convert anything from the organizer's corner. This plan frees him from risking losses. Asked what factors prevented ticket sales from meeting the targets as initially thought, the Red Sox tickets were too expensive and compared to Liverpool and Crystal Palace's July 15 match in Singapore, it could have contributed to the fans. The cheapest ticket price for the Liverpool vs Crystal Palace (Singapore) ticket is 3,800 baht and the most expensive is 7,500 baht. Because in the end, the fans will choose to watch the game that they are comfortable with. Read related newsSocial skepticism #พิมรี่พาย Live resold tens of thousands of "Red Rage Battle Tickets" 
Thailand lost 3-1 to Brazil to remain in 8th place in the Nations League.|Thai rubber slapper loses to Brazil Enjoy 1-3 sets in the Volleyball Nations League semi-final match, but the Thai girls are still 8th in the table and still have a chance to qualify for the Volleyball Nations League semi-finals. Thailand also sent the main squad led by 3 attackers, Chatchuon Moksri, Pimpichaya Kokram, Acharaporn Kongyot, and the fast ball using Hatthaya Bumrunsuk and Charaporn Songsak and Meepornpan Kerdprasage as the setters and captain of the first set. The Thai girls fought back in the beginning with an attack from the ball serve and a 3m attacking ball, but Brazil started to catch the Thai girls using blocking and attacking with the fast ball to win the 2nd set 18-25. Kaewkalaya Kamultala came down instead. Charaporn made the Thai girls open a mixed attack, handicap fighting, until the end. Set point with a 24-23 lead, but failed to close the game. Brazil won 24-26. Brazil led 0-2 in the 3rd set, the game came out close, we fought with tenacity and attacked from the ball serve, until Brazil made a mistake, which at the end Chatchuorn showed excellent both blocking and attacking ball until winning 25-23, we followed 1-2 in the 4th set, the Thai girls fought with defense and counterattack fun until they led 18-16, but the turning point was Brazil to accelerate and add to the mistakes of the Thai girls until they scored 6 points in a row to overtake 18-21. Thai girls try to chase shallow but can't catch up. Brazil's captain Gabi Guimaraes' brilliant tackle sealed the game and Thailand lost. 23-25 Thailand lost 1-3 sets to Brazil but still 8th in the table with 11 matches with 15 points still on the way to the finals. The 12th-placed teams will play at 9 a.m., while Thailand will face Italy in the final match. Today at 8:30 p.m.
This evening, Thailand U19 vs Myanmar ASEAN Championship Matchday 2 |Thailand U19 national team 2nd match against Myanmar ASEAN Championship After a 1-0 win over the Philippines yesterday (July 3, 2022). 6.00 p.m. at Madya Training Ground Senayan Men's Soccer Thailand Under-19 national team played their last training session before facing Myanmar. in the ASEAN Championship. In the first match, Thailand U19 beat Philippines 1-0 and Myanmar beat Brunei 7-0. The other is to review the concept and prepare for the game. The Thailand Under-19 national team will play in the second game of the ASEAN Championship. Meet Myanmar at the stadium Patriot Kandrabaka Today 4 Jul 2022 At 5 p.m., the Thailand women's national football team will play Indonesia in the ASEAN Women's Championship. The first leg of Group A is also this evening. 
"Thai rubber girl team" returned home before flying to fight Turkey July 14 th  |Thai rubber slapper has returned home "Captain Chompoo" Pornpan Kerdprasage confident ready to lead the team against Turkey. The Round of 8 will be played on July 14.
Today (5 Jul 2022) Atmosphere at Suvarnabhumi Airport The past evening was particularly busy. When fans of the Thai women's volleyball team, including the media, welcomed the world's No. 14 women's volleyball team that reached the last 8 teams. In the Nations League for the first time and the only team from ASEAN Pornpan was born philosopher "Captain Chompoo". The Nations League No.1 seed thinks facing hosts Turkey will be a challenging task even though Thailand will be at a disadvantage in terms of shape. It takes fast ball play and toughness to play the Turkish game. With less agility To win to deposit the Thai sports fans by an urgent coach. danai sriwatcharamethakul All athletes are allowed. He will attend a party to celebrate the success of the 15th SEA Games tomorrow evening (July 6) at the Santi Maitri Building, Government House, chaired by Gen. Prayuth Chan-o-cha. The Prime Minister presided over the camp and rehabilitation to prepare for the last 8 before traveling to Turkey. On July 10, the Thai women's team will play against hosts Turkey. 5th in the world On the 14th This July at 10:30 p.m., read related news as Thailand qualify for the last 8 of the Nations League after Germany's defeat to the United States.
"Thai Girl Slapper" Preparing to Get Fit Solve weaknesses, ready to fight Turkey|"Coach Ott" The Thai women's team has returned to training to get fit for the VNL 2022 match against the Turkish slapper. The entire 5 days of training will be very intense. Focus on improving quality in all aspects, especially mental quality, to reduce anxiety today (July 5, 2022) Mr. Kiatpong Ratchatakriangkrai, or Coach Ot, Vice President of Technical Affairs of the Volleyball Association of Thailand, said that he would like to express his appreciation to the Thailand women's national volleyball team in the 2022 Nations League. The athletes have been nascent since 2014, constantly training to represent the seniors, who are aiming for the national team in 2020. The expression during the match was also very cute, Coach Ott. Prior to the match against Turkey on July 14, the Sports Authority of Thailand coordinated. Carry out the rehabilitation of the women's volleyball team by using sports science to make the body as ready as possible. At the same time, technical errors will be reviewed to see if there are any weaknesses that need to be corrected and corrected urgently. Training will be very intensive throughout the 5 days. To become a world-class volleyball player Athletes must have physical qualities. Good mental quality, technical quality and tactical quality because during the competition there will be anxiety, which is expressed through more actions such as going to the toilet. More blushing All of this is a bad thing, which will prevent you from showing your full potential. Therefore, these athletes must be trained in all aspects when mental quality is important. The coaching team has never put pressure on this set of athletes. The coaching team would say, "Just a little more, almost there," to get them to put in the effort. All in all. Mental support while competing is good because it allows athletes to do amazing things in many ways.    
"Salvador" regrets Thailand missed out on victory over Indo |Salvador, the coach of Thailand's under-19 national team, regretted that Thailand missed out on winning 3 tournaments against Indonesia, but believes that the Thai team is still on the path to winning the ASEAN Championship. ASEAN Football Championship Thailand national under-19 team with 6 matches Against hosts Indonesia in the crowd of nearly 5,000 local supporters in the first half of the game, it was Indonesia who continued to attack the game. Thailand played well in the second half, but in the end, both teams failed to score a goal. The match ended in a 0-0 draw, according to Salvador Garcia. It was a good experience for the Thai players to play under pressure and unfortunately the Thai team missed out on scoring chances. After this, the team must recover and plan for the games against Brunei and Vietnam that Thailand wants to win for the Thai team. Ranked 2nd in Group A with 7 points, equal to the leader of Vietnam. But Thailand has less than 3 goal differences, while Indonesia has 5. The next game, Thailand vs Brunei on July 8 at 5.00 p.m., will determine the 1st and 2nd place in the semi-finals.
May defeated Ahn Se-young in the quarter-finals of Malaysia. |"May" Ratchanok Inthanon defeated Ahn Se-young of South Korea 1-2 after a close fight. Malaysia Masters quarter-finals today (8 July 2022) Ban Thongyod Badminton School revealed that the World Tour Super 500 badminton tournament "Malaysia Masters" at Asiata Arena Kuala Lumpur won a total prize fund of U.S. $360,000 (about 13 million baht) in the quarter-finals of "May" Ratchanok. Inthanon, world No. 8 World No. 4 Ahn Se-young of South Korea will face South Korea in the women's singles. Before Ratchanok lost the deciding game 1-2, scores 21-13, 13-21 and 12-21 halted their path to the quarter-finals. Read related news, first champion! Ratchanok defeats Chen Yufei to win Malaysia Open
Chaba Kaew beats Singapore 3-0 in Game 3 of ASEAN Championship|Thailand National Team Singapore beat Singapore 3-0 in ASEAN Women's Football Championship The 2022 Group A third leg will increase to 7 points to stay in 2nd place in the group before facing Malaysia in the fourth leg on July 10, 2022. At 18:00 (Bangkok Time) at Binar Football Stadium ASEAN Women's Football Championship 2022 Matchday 3 Group A Thailand met Singapore in the first two games, Thailand beat Indonesia and drew Miyo Okamoto sent Alisa Rakpinit to attack alongside Jiraporn Mongkoldee and Kanchaliya Pimppabutr to start the game. Chuchuen takes a long shot but the ball hits the crossbar. In the 22nd minute, Chaba Kaew scored a goal to take the lead from Sangrawee Meekham, scoring with his left foot to give Thailand a 1-0 lead and end the first half with this score in the second half only 4 minutes. Take a corner kick to the head. Mild The captain headed in Chaba Kaew to make it 2-0 in the 49th minute, then in the 72nd minute Jiraporn Mongkoldee slipped in with a right-footed ball through the hands of the Singapore goalkeeper. The victory extended Thailand's lead to seven points after three matches to remain second in the group for the next game. The Thailand women's national football team will play in the fourth qualifying game of the ASEAN Championship. They will face Malaysia at Binar. Football Stadium on July 10, 2022 At 6:00 p.m. local time Read related news "Chaba Kaew" beat Indo 4-0 to win ASEAN Championship 
Sports science helps to restore the body of Thai slapper girls|It's been a tough Nations League battle. Thai women want to recover to fitness as quickly as possible, so they need high-performance aids, and sports science is key to their progress to the last 8 with even stronger strength today (July 9, 2022). The brutality of the Nations League from the first stadium in Turkey It was against Serbia and China, which Thailand won 3-2 sets. Also in the defeat to Belgium. Thad Dao Pimpichaya Kokram suffered a cramp injury in the loss to Poland, and against both Japan and the No. 1 team USA, both Thai women had to fight hard until the third round in Bulgaria, but they also faced a tough game against the Dominican Republic, Brazil and Italy. Therefore, Thai women must have sports science assistants to rehabilitate and treat fatigue injuries. Good sports science can help develop athletes' skills and bodies at the same time. If the body recovers well, it can affect the state of mind and make it more confident as everyone on the team receives rehabilitation therapy with powerful equipment. The Sports Science Center arranged a special time for the Thai girls to use in line with Turkey's time that is 4 hours later than Thailand. For the Thai women's team, the cooling is around -130-140 degrees Celsius. Cryotherapy machines are very popular with professional athletes. Cold can help reduce inflammation and muscle injury. Reduces the secretion of substances that cause injury. The athlete recovers quickly. There are also two types of high-pressure oxygen therapy machines, the first of which is called "chambers", which are sleeping capsules. This machine is very expensive. It is a machine that pushes oxygen into the body, which can push 100% into the blood cells. While normal recovery is only 21 percent oxygen, when oxygen enters the body fully, it recovers from lactic acid fatigue in the body. Athletes spend 1-1.30 hours sleeping in this capsule, while the other is called an oxygen box, which is a cabinet for athletes to sit in. The behavior is similar to that of a "chamber", but pushing oxygen into the body is less than athletes spend about 45-60 minutes in the oxygen box. Sports science is not just beneficial in the recovery of athletes. But it also helps in processing. Compare each athlete's performance in the selection process for the national team with one of the factors used as indicators for the selection of national volleyball team players. Personal data and statistics, such as muscle mass, blood cell integrity and physiological characteristics, as well as speed and strength statistics, measured by these tests, will be used to make decisions about the coach's preparation for the final match in Turkey. Thailand will face hosts Turkey in the first game. It must be admitted that Turkey is taller, bigger than Thailand. Thailand's strategy is to play fast, move fast, as has been the case in many matches. Speed optimization also requires physical strength, which must be supplemented by weight training along with the planning of the coach and the Sakeat team. Scouting is the study of your opponent's play. It can be seen that after the first pitch that Thailand performed well partly because the opponent did not know Thailand well enough, but after studying the Thai game, it can close its strengths as well. 
Man Utd players to Thailand Football fans welcome Ronaldo|It's the first time in Asia. In the fierce match between Manchester United and Liverpool, the Manchester United players have arrived in Thailand amidst a lively welcome football atmosphere.
Today (9 Jul 2022) Manchester United head coach Erik Ten Hag, captain Heri Maguire, Bruno Fenandes, Jadon Sancho, Marcus Reshford, Martial and new left-back Tyrell Malacia. Arrive at Don Mueang Airport Thailand Late in the midst of the Red Devils football fans who came to cheer for hundreds of people, among the loyal fans of the Red Devils was the Boonma family who followed to cheer for the love team to lift the house. Despite the absence of superstar Cristiano Ronaldo, the Manchester United players will arrive at the hotel before training closes in the evening. The Liverpool squad will arrive in Thailand at Suvarnabhumi Airport at noon tomorrow (July 10, 2022) for the match "The Match Bangkok Century Cup 2022", held in Asia for the first time in the history between Manchester United and Liverpool, at Rajamangala Stadium on July 12 at 8pm.  
Opening up "Teacher Somsanga" from a mountain athlete to a world gold medal in senior athletics|Open your mind "Elegant Boonnok" The 68-year-old retired teacher, who even though he doesn't have a training ground to practice, uses science classes to teach children in class with a disciplined physique to make history by winning Thailand's first long jump gold medal at the World Senior Athletics Championships. For the success of "Somsanga Bunnok" Gold Medal Holder Long jump at the World Championships in Athletics Senior 65-year-old in Tampere, Finland Thai PBS Online does not delay the appointment of the team manager to request an interview across the country. In order for everyone to get to know this veteran athlete better, "Somsanga Bunnok" or Pa Pan. The 68-year-old, known to many as Mother Teacher, recounted her beginnings before stepping into the athletic path that she was a civil servant teacher at Sriboonruang Wittayakarn School. Since childhood, Somsanga has always loved sports and exercise. He even wore khaki to teach his students science lessons. This hobby disappeared until 2002, a friend of the teacher Somsanga who had not met for a long time, but saw that the teacher was still firm. He was still fit, so he was introduced to the senior athletics competition and was the starting point for him to rediscover his passion. Kru Somsanga started applying for provincial senior athletics at the age of 40 and told Thai PBS Online that the first competition after the return will always remain in the memory. Because it is a phenomenon "Athlete of the Earth" against "Athletes of the former national team", even though they know full well that "how to race and lose", but Teacher Somsanga fights fully. In the end, the result was as expected, but the word discouragement never occurred in the mind of "Somsanga Bunnok". This person competed in senior athletics. This allowed her to exercise regularly and make her feel that she was taking care of her health at the same time. Although she retired, her career as a teacher was over, but her athletic path gradually opened up. She fought in every field she could play, from the provincial level. From national to Asian level. Sweep gold medals from many sports to the full-cabinet. The success of these efforts became an important opportunity for the Thai Geriatric Athletics Association to select Somsanga to represent Thailand at the World Athletics Senior Championships. 2022Sports Athletics: High jump, long jump, need a cushion to practice. Teacher Somsanga fought with his own tactics. The scientific principles that have taught students throughout their lives have been used as the key to competition, especially when it comes to friction, mass, or momentum, even though weak in training, but a perfect body, together with techniques from expertise in knowledge, makes this small athlete from Thailand. Beat foreign competitors to finally win the gold medal for Thailand. Teacher Somsanga said with a smile that after receiving the gold medal, Many acquaintances and students sent congratulatory messages. Some people who haven't talked in a long time also come to congratulate them. Some students even said that "Mother Teacher is already blowing up" made them feel very proud and happy with this achievement even though they have already won 1 gold medal. Kru Somsanga also has two competition programs: hurdle running and jumping. The latter show is the Asian record holder. Therefore, they are confident that they will be able to win more gold medals for Thailand before saying goodbye via video call. He told Thai PBS Online that if possible, he would like to support more standard athletics training grounds in other provinces, including training pads and running tracks, because Nong Bua Lamphu province is now barely able to find a field. With the hope of this 68-year-old athlete who wants to continue training. And be ready to keep competing as long as you get the chance. Read Thailand's first related news! "Teacher Somsanga" Sew World Championships Senior Athletics Gold Medal 
Thailand draws 1-1 with Vietnam to reach 19th ASEAN Cup|Thailand drew 1-1 with Vietnam to reach the semi-finals. Chaba Kaew beat Malaysia 4-0 before facing the Philippines on July 12, 2022. ASEAN Under-19 Football Championship Final Matches Thailand vs Vietnam The match ended in a 1-1 draw, Thailand got a goal from Krirkpol Abram who headed in a goal to give Thailand a 1-0 lead in the 72nd minute, but just 4 minutes later, Vietnam followed up with a 1-1 draw from Nguyen Van Truong to end the game in a 1-1 draw. With 11 points equal, all 3 teams must decide their qualification by head-to-head rule. Mini League and Vietnam with the best performance to win the group. Thailand will face the winners of Group B between Laos and Malaysia on July 13 at 8:00 p.m. local time. Qualifiers in Oman in a month In September, Chaba Kaew Thai made their 4th appearance despite having mixed players, but beat Malaysia 4-0 with a goal from Ploy Chompoo. Somnuk, Pattanan Uppchai, Uraiporn Yongkul and Nathawadee Prumnak make up the Thai women's team. They are 10 points adrift of second place in the group, with the final match against the Philippines on July 12. Thailand only needs a draw to advance to the semi-finals. 
"Elegant teacher" wins 2 more silver medals World Athletics Seniors Championships|"Somsanga Bunnok" or Kru Pan The 68-year-old won two more silver medals. World Athletics Seniors Championships From the competition to run over the 80 meters fence and tiptoe leap "Somsanga Bunnok" or Kru Pan. The 68-year-old crossed the finish line to win the silver medal in the women's 80-metre hurdles at the World Athletics Championships in Finland with a time of 14.98 seconds. Si Ling from China used to do it at 16.46. seconds at the 2019 Asian Championships. British runner Carole Fiber won the gold medal with a time of 14.66 seconds and the bronze went to the Slovak runner. Republic who crossed the finish line with a time of 17.25 seconds. Great performance 8.30 She won another silver medal, beating French jumper Annie Dorina with a record of 8.44m and Irenilta. Brazil's Nunez jumped 7.73 meters to win Thailand's first bronze medalRead more related news! "Elegant teacher" from mountain athlete to world gold medalist in senior athletics 
"Man Utd - Liverpool" training in front of Thai fans|Manchester United and Liverpool superstars train in front of more than 2,000 Thai fans to cheer on Manchester United manager Erik Ten Hag, who brought Harry Maguire, Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford to the Rajamangala Stadium to train at Rajamangala Stadium. In front of more than 2,000 Thai fans, both Man United and Liverpool, who came to support their beloved team. Creestiano Ronaldo follows Erik ten Hag. Haag admits he has prepared new styles of play for next season and all players are trying to respond to different styles of play and ways of playing. Ronaldo's future depends on his own decision, then it was Liverpool who immediately resumed training. Headed by Mohamed Salah, Van Dijk and new striker Darwin Núñez. It drew applause from the Reds fans throughout the attacking training session. Each team will practice for 1 hour and 30 minutes, and tomorrow (July 12, 2022) there will be a mini-concert by Jackson. Hopefully from 6:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. before the game kicks off at 8:00 p.m. onwards. 
Reds fans flock to selfies "Salah" in Thailand before the Red Sox|The front of the stadium is full of smiles. When there are men wearing Liverpool uniforms ready to show off their football kicking live in front of the event. This man is so much like Salah that many people have to look back and ask for a selfie with him today (12 days). (July 2022) THE MATCH BangkokCentury Cup, Manchester United fans and Liverpool fans Gradually come to Rajamangala Stadium bustling early in the morning. Travelling with the Airport Rail Link is another option that many people use. To avoid traffic jams. Upon arrival at Ramkhamhaeng station, it was found that Hundreds of motorcycle taxi cars are parked in front of the station ready for passengers. which has a single price tag to the royal family. 60 baht driver win some motorcycle Stated that since the morning there has been a steady stream of visitors and it is expected that today it will generate thousands of revenues. After not having customers for a long time during COVID-19, after arriving in front of Rajamanga Stadium. see The atmosphere is energetic. Fans wearing red shirts with their favourite team emblems lined up to check their tickets and vaccination results before entering the match. Meanwhile, the highlight of the day must be the live football show. The royal face of " Salah Thailand" This guy's not only wearing a shirt. Mohammed Salah, he is also like a Liverpool star to many football fans, both Thai and foreign, like Egypt himself. You also have to look back and ask for a selfie. This guy is no one else, but "Mr. Hoy", a famous food review influencer. There are also merchants. Vendors settle down to sell a variety of products, including food and drinks. Cheer fabrics, fans, as well as bestsellers such as raincoats that even have ten main sellers. But almost every shop is full of customers because of the continuous rain in the Rajamanga stadium. This hotel. The THEMATCH BangkokCentury Cup has opened its doors for spectators to enter the stadium to watch a concert by Jackson Wang. At 6:00 p.m. before the historic Red Sox battle begins. 20.00​ North. 
Erik Ten Hag leads Man Utd to 4-0 win over Liverpool in Thailand|Erik Ten Hag made his Manchester United debut in a 4-0 win over Liverpool in Thailand on July 12, 2022. The atmosphere at Rajamangala Stadium ahead of "THE MATCH Bangkok Century Cup 2022" between Manchester United vs Liverpool despite the constant rain did not deter fans of both teams who came to watch their beloved team and their favorite players. Erik Ten Hag makes his Manchester United debut By sending the best set of players down to full battle rate. Led by Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford and David de Gea. Jurgen Klopp's first 11 Liverpool are still in the mix, but Alisson Becker, Luis Diaz and Roberto Firmino are still in the mix. In the first 45 minutes, it was United who attacked hard, especially with Erik ten Hag's new generation of attacking attacks, with goals from Jadon Sancho in the 12th minute, Fred in the 30th minute and Anthony Martial in the 33rd minute. Headed by Mohamed Salah, Thiago Then, in the 76th minute, Man Utd scored the winning goal from Facundo Pelestri to end United's 4-0 win over Liverpool to secure their first win in charge of Erik ten Hag. He admitted that he was very pleased with the performance of the team today, especially in terms of team spirit and determination. Man Utd have a good group of players but it will take time to tune in to a better fit. Despite today's win over Liverpool, the team must keep improving, while Jurgen Klopp admits he is proud of his players, especially the young players who have shown determination and hunger to play. The problem in this game is that players lose the ball easily, which is largely due to the low aggregation and praise of Man Utd for playing well and becoming a formidable opponent this season. 
Women's petanque wins bronze medal at World Games 2022|The Thai women's national javelin toss beat Denmark to win the bronze medal at the 2022 World Games in the United States. Today (13 Jul 2022) Female Air Lieutenant Pantipa Wongchuvej Female Petanque Athlete Thailand National Team She unleashed the iron ball with precision before beating Katherine Jun of Denmark 34-20 to win the bronze medal, the first medal for the Thai athletes. World Games 2022 at Bessie Estelle Park in Birmingham Alabama United States On Tuesday, July 12, 2022 (United States time). Sponsored by the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Games have been held since 1981 and are held every four years, as well as the 11th edition of the Olympic Games, which had to be postponed from 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Over 3,600 people attended
"Ebra Karakurt" Turkish rubber ball Unintentional IG post wearing Thai volley|"Ebra Karakurt" Turkish rubber slapper IG post confirms intently unintentional wearing Thai volley After the Nations League 2022 Round of 8 Thai Women Turkish girl defeat A picture of a pink-haired slapper appeared to be disturbed and received widespread inappropriate criticism. Today (15 Jul 2022) After the Volleyball Nations League 2022 Round of 8 match in Ankara, Turkey. Thailand ranks 14th in the world Hosts Turkey lost 1-3 sets to fail to qualify for the last 4. Turkey qualified to face Italy on July 16 but drew widespread criticism for its appearance of Ebra Karakurt, a young player of the Turkish national team. The pink-haired man showed signs of frustration by throwing in front of the net after scoring a point, which was criticized as inappropriate. It upsets volleyball fans with the action. Karakurt Latest Ebra Karakurt A post via ebrarkarakurt18 IG with a message and an emoji of the Thai flag and the Turkish flag. With a heart in the middle. Read related volleyball news Turkey 1-3 Nations League 2022
Chaba Kaew beat Myanmar 2-0 in ASEAN Championship|Chaba Kaew beat Myanmar 2-0 in ASEAN Women's Football Championship 2022 Semi-finals The winner of Vietnam or Philippines will be met today (July 15, 2022). At 3:00 p.m. local time at Rizal Memorial Stadium, the ASEAN Women's Football Championship will be played. 2022 Semi-finals Thailand vs Myanmar Thailand qualified for the semi-finals as Group A champions and faced Myanmar. Group B runners-up Miyo Okamoto sent Kanyanat Chethabutr as the forward hopeful, along with Chatchawan Rodthong and Nathawadee Prumnak. Kanyanat Chethabutr scored to give Thailand a 1-0 lead and the only goal of the first half, the 82nd minute of the second half saw Thailand take a 2-0 lead thanks to Saowalak Pengngam's emphatic shot. The rest of the period, no more goals, ended the game. Thailand beat Myanmar 2-0. Thailand will advance to the final to face the winner of either Vietnam or the Philippines at Rizal Memorial Stadium on July 17, 2022. At 6:30 p.m. (Bangkok Time)
 Boxing people's generosity poured in to help "Panpetch" peaked nearly 600,000 |Almost 600,000 baht in relief funds have been donated to the family of "Panphet Padungchai Muay Thai Gym" who was injured during a boxing match and suffered a cerebral hematoma. Today (20 Jul 2022) Progress in the case of "Panphet Padungchai Muay Thai Gym" was injured while competing in a boxing match until his head hit the floor of the ring causing blood congestion in the brain. It is currently undergoing the latest close treatment. People in the boxing industry have continuously donated funds to help the Panpetch family by Mr. Natdej Wachiratanawong or Sia Boat. Boxing promoter Petchjaidee posted on Facebook. Stated that there are currently a lot of donations such as Mr. Supakit Jiaravanon. Chairman of Charoen Pokphand Group gave 200,000 baht grant. Global Sport Ventures (GSV) and Rajadamnern Boxing Stadium contributed 100,000 baht, boxing promoter Sumet Suesattabongkoch "Mitr Nakorn" contributed 30,000 baht, and Pongpanat Thanomboon or "Lek Chanroaka" contributed 30,000 baht. 30,000 baht, total 590,000 bahtRead related news, family waiting for a miracle "Pan Petch" The boxer was knocked out of the ring.
 Chanathip may not play the King's Cup - ASEAN Cup, pleading for the creation of new players to help develop the national team.  |"Chanathip" He said he may not return to the King's Cup and ASEAN Cup. I want to rest after a hard fight. Won to create a new generation of players to help develop the national team today (July 27, 2022) Thailand national football team page publishes interview with Chanathip Songkrasin The Thai national team midfielder, who is currently playing for Kawasaki Fontane of the J.League in Japan. He stated that he should push forward and develop young players to contribute to the development of the national team. "I've always been on social media. I know that the fans cheer for us a lot, I am grateful and happy, even if we play matches and match the working hours of the fans, they still watch us, I feel proud that I was born Thai and play football for the fans, I will try my best in every match, both for club and country." I haven't promised anyone that I'm going to play because I might have decided to myself that I might not play. I haven't had a month off, a week at most, my body is getting crisper and the fans won't see me play at the end of the year." If we don't build it now, At the end of the day, one day our era is over, how can there be other players, but if we have players who help us improve and improve, would it be better because the national team is important every game? The program wasn't very favorable to us. I've had a lot of injuries too. If you play it back. I'm hurt, or maybe I'm hurt, and if I don't play in the Asian Cup, would it be bad for myself and the national team? 
"Chiang Mai" FIFA Day football host in September |Chiang Mai was chosen to host the tournament. FIFA Day football in September aims to use the 700-year-old stadium as a stadium. Today (July 27, 2022), according to the Football Association of Thailand Under His Majesty's Patronage There are plans to take the Thai national team out to compete in various provinces with the goal of stimulating the economy. Tourism, Society, Pride In the past, the association has allowed provinces that are interested and ready to host the International 'A' Match during the FIFA Day calendar to express their intention to develop sports management capabilities and upgrade infrastructure. To stimulate the economy, the association's tournament management department considers the provinces that are most prepared to host football matches according to the calendar. The association would like to thank Songkhla and Chiangrai United for offering to participate in this selection and sincerely hope that the association will have the opportunity to participate in and organize the competition later for the football match. FIFA Day in September will be held from 22 to 25 September 2022 and will feature four nations (the tournament administration will announce the names of the participating nations at a later date). Each nation will play two matches, all of which will be played in an International 'A' Match, which will be taken into account in the FIFA Rankings. Ranking next 
Chaba Kaew U18 beat Singapore 6-0 in second game of ASEAN Championship|Thailand women's national under-18 football team beat Singapore 6-0 in ASEAN Championship Collect 6 points from the first two games. Prepare to face Indonesia on July 28 on July 26, 2022  Thailand women's national under-18 football team played their second game of the ASEAN Championship. Meet Singapore at Gerola Jaga Baring Stadium Miyo Okamoto Placing the main players from the first match on the field consecutively. Led by Praewa Nudnabi, Dhawanrat Promthongmee, Aimi Kahapana and Gina Thongpan in the first half. Thailand attacked hard and pretended not to penetrate, but in first-half injury time, Chaba Kaew U18 won a penalty and it was Thawanrat Promthongmee who took charge of the kill to give Thailand a 1-0 lead over Singapore and end the first half with this score in the second half. 53rd minute Aimi Kahapana scored for Thailand to escape Singapore to 2-0. 55th minute Thawanrat Promthongmee scored from outside the penalty area beautifully to give Thailand a 3-0 lead over Singapore and it was Sapling's second goal of the game with 77 minutes. Gina Thongpan 83rd minute Suphansa Trisuto scored for the Thai national team, leaving Singapore 5-0, Thailand still not axped the engine, 86th minute Tanchanok Jansri scored for the Thai national team to lead 6-0 away from Singapore. Thailand women's national football team The Under-18s beat Singapore 6-0 to take six points from their first two games. Singapore, meanwhile, have three matches without a point for their next fixture. The Thailand women's national under-18 football team will play their third game of the ASEAN Championship. Meet Indonesia at Stadium Gelora Jaga Baring On 28 Jul 2022 Vail 7.30 p.m. 
Chaba Kaew U18 defeated Vietnam 0-1 to qualify for ASEAN Championship semi-finals|Chaba Kaew defeated Vietnam 1-0 in the Thailand women's national under-18 football team ASEAN Championship. Prepare to face Australia in the semi-finals. On 2 August today (30 July 2022) at 15.30 hrs, the Thailand women's national under-18 football team played their final game of the group stage. in the ASEAN Championship. Meet Vietnam at Gerola Jaga Stadium Baring Both teams have won 3 games in a row and have already qualified for the semi-finals. In the first 45 minutes, the score remained at 0-0, starting the second half just 4 minutes later, Vietnam took a 1-0 lead thanks to Nguyen Thi Hu Quyn's goal. Thailand are the group runners-up for the next match. Thailand women's national under-18 football team will play in the semi-finals. ASEAN Championship Meet Australia at Gelora Jaga Baring Stadium On 2 August 2022 at 20.00 hrs. 
Three wheelchair basketball players win "first gold medal" ASEAN Para Games|Thailand National Disabled Athletes Team Won the first gold medal at the ASEAN Para Games in Indonesia. Men's 3-man wheelchair basketball tournament The highlight of Thailand was the men's 3-man wheelchair basketball with the first round of 3 round-robin matches to bring the 1st and 2nd place to the final. Thailand beat the Philippines 21-12 to win the first gold medal for the Thai athletes in the tournament with one more five-man competition remaining, while the women's team also competed but lost 5-7 points to Cambodia in extra time to win the silver medal. In the stand-up class, 3 teams competed between Thailand, Indonesia and Vietnam, where Thailand beat Vietnam 2-1 in doubles, as well as Indonesia beat Vietnam 3-0 in doubles. Somsiri in singles No. 2 lost 0-2 to Indonesian athletes, resulting in Thailand losing 0-3 to Indonesia to win the silver medal. The debut won all 3 players, starting from the individual category BC 4 first round. Paralympic Games silver medalist in Japan Beat the bronze The junior athlete went 8-0 points, followed by BC1 category Vishnu Huadpradit. Paralympic gold medalist who defeated Tinkorn Thepdaeng The junior athlete went 6-1 on points. Another Paralympic gold medalist in the BC2 category who beat Pakphum Linchum 4-2 points while the mentally disabled football with 4 nations competed in a round-robin format. When it comes to making its debut against Indonesia. Indonesia took the lead by three goals before Sukhitkul Boonsingh and Pornpipat Nampaksa scored for Thailand to chase down the shallow beatings but failed to catch up, ending Thailand's 3-2 defeat to Indonesia but still have a chance to qualify if they beat Myanmar and Cambodia in their remaining 2 matches. Read more Taekwondo news by Thai people for the World Championships Won gold medal to add Chaba Kaew U18 defeated Vietnam 0-1 to qualify for the semi-finals of the ASEAN Championship. 
"Puriphon" Injured missed leading the relay team to win a medal. World Youth Championship|"Beau" Phuripol Boonson was injured while running the last stick for the 4 by 100 meters relay team at the World Youth Championships in Colombia. World Youth Athletics Championships in Colombia The highlight is the men's 4 by 100 meter relay qualifying round, which consists of 4 heats, with the 1st place of each heat being selected and the 4 teams with the best time from 4 heats advancing to the gold medal round. Headed by Beau Phuripol Boonson, Oat Thawatchai Hemiad, Fighter Natthawat Eam-Udom and Kong Watchapol Thanthong are in Heat 3 alongside favourites Jamaica, Japan and Botswana. The Thai relay team ran to the leader group until the last 4th stick, Phuripol who was the hopeful. He was speeding in the final 50m but suffered a twitch in his back thigh and had to cross the finish line with a time of 42.09, finishing fifth in the heat. Missed out on the finals unfortunately. Japan, who took the 1st spot in the heat after this, had to check on Puriphon's injury to see how serious it was. And it's Beau's last show. In the World Youth Championship this time. After the 100m and 200m runs, while the 400m run was the gold medal final. Joshua Robert Atkinson Thai runners of Australian descent The four-time SEA Games gold winner started on track 7, with Joshua leading in the first 200m before being held in the final corner. Joshua finished sixth in 46.31 seconds, 1.03 seconds behind South Africa's Light Pillay, world No. 1 Stephen Mack-El-Roy and Bahrain's Yousef Ali Abbas in third place.
Asia qualified 8 and a half teams. 2026 FIFA World Cup Final |AFC sends letter confirming Asia has 8 and a half nations Join the 2026 FIFA World Cup Final Today (1 Aug 2022) The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) has sent a letter confirming that Asia will be eligible to send eight nations to the 2026 World Cup finals in the United States, Canada and Mexico, as well as one Intercontinenal qualifier, which was approved by the AFC Executive Council on July 29, 2022. The draw for 2 matches, home-away on 12 and 17 October 2023. 11 winners qualified for the 2nd qualifying round: 25 nations from the continent plus 11 nations from the first qualifying round, for a total of 36 nations, then divided into 9 groups and 6 round-robin matches, home-away matches, and the group winner and group runner-up qualified for the 3rd qualifying round. Matchday 1-2: 16-21 Wed. 2023Matchday 3-4 : 21-26 Mar2024Matchday 5-6 : 6-11 Jun2024Round 3 : The 18 nations that qualified for Round 3 will be divided into 3 groups of 6 teams each and will play in a round-robin format. Home Away Matchday 1-2 : 5-10 Sep 2024Matchday 3-4 : 10-15 Oct 2024Matchday 5-6 : 14-19 Nov 2024Matchday 7-10 : Month Range From March to June 2025, the winners and runners-up from this round of 6 teams will immediately qualify for the final round of the 2026 FIFA World Cup, while the 3rd-4th placed teams of the 3 groups will play in a play-off round-robin. During the month From September to November 2025, the group winners will be the seventh and eighth placed teams to participate in the World Cup finals and the top two teams from both groups will play off on a home-and-away basis from September 5 to 10, 2024 to determine the winners to compete against representatives from other continents. Thailand will qualify from Round 2 onwards as one of the 24 teams to qualify for the final round of the AFC Asain Cup 2023. 
"Auspicious Left" confessed to boxing Claiming his brother was taken hostage.|SAT prepares to report prosecution of "Left Auspicious Ford Tiger of the North" and hired boxing masters After he confessed to falling boxing in a Muay Thai 7 color fight, claiming his brother was taken hostage. Ford Tiger of the North Muay Thai fighter who recently passed the 7-color Muay Thai fight on August 7. He confessed to hiring at least two boxing masters despite claiming that his brother was being held hostage, but in the case of Left Mongkol will be punished under Section 53 of the Boxing Act 1999 today (August 9, 2022). Mr. Phlat Suwanmethakorn, Director of the Office of Boxing Sports of the SAT But the boxer claimed to be busy with the camp leader in Prachinburi province, so he prepared to go to report the case to the Bang Sue police station this afternoon. Fawanmai was sentenced to 2 years in prison but pleaded guilty, remaining 1 year in prison, suspended for 2 years and fined 20,000 baht for a fight during the auspicious left. Blue corner and auspicious move on Chiang Mai Red corner Irregularities have been signaled since the issuance of the odds. Although the form of the left auspicious continues, but the auspicious is continued, together with the punches that people close to He knew the left could have fired heavier weapons, but Sunday's fight wasn't full of kicks. Pull your weapon slack, or even fall and don't want to get up. To raise suspicion, the camp leader Tong brought the boxer to the Rajadamnern arena and made the boxer confess.   
"Serena." Announcing his retirement from tennis After the U.S. Open|"Serena Williams." The 23-time Grand Slam winner has announced he is retiring from professional tennis. After the US Open Grand Slam on Aug. 9, 2022 Serena Williams The 40-year-old former world number one, who has just returned to winning ways in more than a year after recovering from injury, has announced that he is preparing to hang up his racket. After the final Grand Slam of the year, the U.S. Open will be played Aug. 29-11. Serena said she wanted to spend more time with her family in September and revealed that she was 2 months pregnant when she won the US Open Grand Slam in 2017. Serena, who has won 23 Grand Slam titles, failed to break Margaret Court's record of 24 Grand Slam titles, and Serena has won four Olympic gold medals and earned a whopping US$94.5 million, or more than 3.3 billion baht. Read more news "Bue-Phuripon" holds the record for the fastest 100m run in the world in the 18-year-old class. Claiming his brother was taken hostage. 
Social media hunts down list of makers SAT sends "Beau-Joshua" to train abroad|Social media hunts list through change.org calls for SAT governor Send "Beau-Joshua" to train with world-class athletes. Latest Overseas Coaches Nearly 600 people have signed up, bringing smiles to the Thai national team supporters. For "Bui-Phuripol Boonson" at the latest International Federation of Athletics Associations The World Athletics website announced the record to be No. 1 in the world. In the under-18 100m sprint with a time of 10.09 seconds, he became another star of the Thai athletes and a favorite of the Thai people. A social media user named Taodoi Runner has created a campaign "Sign a petition calling on the Governor of the SAT to sign a petition for the Governor of the United States". Send Beau-Joshua to train with world-class athletes. In change.org, nearly 600 people have signed up to support the campaign two days after its launch. To the Governor of the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) Guidelines for the Athletics Association of Thailand Don't get lost and waste your budget. It is not worth developing Thai athletics to the world for the first time in 24 years of Thai athletics that the 16-year-old "Bue" Phuripol Boonson and "Joshua Atkinson" The half-Thai-British, who grew up and trained athletics with his coach in Australia, clocked a 400m time of 46.13 seconds, a national U-20 record, winning four golds at the SEA Games in Hanoi and winning the tournament's best athlete award. On Aug. 7, 2022, the Athletics Association announced Bue and Joshua's training plans, saying they "agreed with the guidelines of the governor, the SAT and fund managers, to hire more coaches from America to train in Thailand, which other athletes would benefit from." Athletes should be able to train in the right environment. Have experienced coaches Good teammates, better or better competitors. There is a nutrition and sports science system that supports it. There is a playing field to compete for experience regularly (not waiting for 1-2 races a year) and a reasonable prize money. Become a "Pro-Runner" This is not the same as hiring a coach to teach in Thailand if the Athletics Association of Thailand, which has been established for 125 years, still adheres to the same management system and concepts that emphasize quantity over quality. Focus on hiring coaches to teach in Thailand instead of sending them overseas. Calling on the potential of athletes who are more special may not be able to do it fully, waste money, waste of time, and the hope that the Thai people will see the white elephant star in the distant future of the couple may fade in the same whirlpool. Read related news"Bue-Phuriphon" holds the world record of 100m run, the fastest in the 18-year-old class. 16-year-old Thai rising star Phuripol "Joshua" breaks through the 400m run at the World Youth Athletics Championships 2022 
THAILAND MEN'S VOLLEYBALL BEAT SOUTH KOREA TO WIN AVC CUP GROUP|Men's Volleyball Thailand National Team The AVC CUP 2022 volleyball champions won the group after five sets against South Korea before winning 3-2 to advance to the last 8 as Group A champions on Aug. 9, 2022. The final game of the first round in line A. Thai boys in red against South Korea in first set The Thai team started the match against Korea with fun, but South Korea's pole slap ball was decisive late to win the second set 17-25. The Thai team solved the game to focus on counter-attacking, especially the captain's attack. Amornthep Thailand defended the first ball well and attacked with a short ball to lead 24-19 before Napadej Pinijdee dropped to close out the set with a score of 25-19, making Thailand follow 1-2 in the fourth set, the game came out with a handicap duel until the tie at 20-20, but at the end Thailand was calmer and Amornthep slapped the set to Tanan 25-23 to draw 2-2 set. Napadet, Coronationkol Praketkaew and Amornthep sealed a 15-12 win, giving Thailand a 3-2 win over South Korea to qualify for the round of 8 as Group A champions, while South Korea qualified as group runners-up for the round of 8. Aug. 11 at 6 p.m. and Japan Aug. 12 at 6 p.m. at Nakhon Pathom Municipal Sports Center. 
THAILAND MEN'S VOLLEYBALL LOST TO AUSTRALIA 1-3 AVC CUP|The Thai men's national volleyball team tried their best but couldn't fight back in the late stages of Australia, losing 1-3 sets in the AVC CUP Volleyball Round of 8 on August 11, 2022. AVC CUP Volleyball 2022 Round of 8 at Nakhon Pathom Thailand qualified as Group A champions Against Australia, runners-up in the first B set, both teams played well before Thailand won 25-23, but in the remaining 3 sets, Australia continued to attack Thailand. Thailand tried to defend and counterattack, but missed the serve ball and the last stroke made it 1-3 set. 25-23, 23-25, 19-25 and 25-27 after the game. Head coach of Thailand men's national volleyball team He revealed that he was pleased with the performance of the Thai team and saw that the key turning point was in the second set that was missed at the end. In addition, the coaching staff and athletes are aiming for victory over Japan in today's game. Australia has 3 points. Next match. Thailand vs Japan Today (12 August 2022) at 15.00 hrs., Thailand must win one place to have a chance to advance to the last 4.
Muay Thai sad "Petchkeng Grilled Chicken Five Stars" cerebral hematoma dies|Petchkeeng Kai Grilled Five Stars died yesterday (Aug 13) of cerebral hematoma after boxing in Malaysia. Rajamangala University of Technology Pranakorn Combat Sports Club Post condolences on the passing of Mr. Kittichai Chaengnews or Petchkeng Five-Star Grilled Chicken by an alumnus of Applied Thai Language Petchkeng was a trainer for Phatthalung's boxing club and sent Phatthalung's boxing athletes to participate in the last national sport, who died yesterday (Aug. 13, 2022) of cerebral hematoma after fighting in Malaysia while his wife Petchkeng was in the country. The Facebook post reads: "Why is the sky bullying me like this? My perfect family with my best husband. I will always love you alone. "Natdej Wachiratanawong or Sia Boat posted a tribute to Petchke, a five-star grilled chicken, saying, "Today's saddest news. Initially, my brother and I (Bank 789) have already helped the Petchkeng family 100,000 baht, but I am worried about my young child, only 1 year and 8 months old. 
"Vampire Esports" Wins World Championship with 18.5 Million Prizes|Thai Esports Team Shows Best Performance to Win Championship World Cup 2022 in Saudi Arabia Receives Over 18 Million Baht in Prize Money With the opportunity to play in the bonus round with a total of over 1 million U.S. dollars. Mobile Invitational or the World Folding G Championship in Riyadh Saudi Arabia The Vampire Esports team from Thailand consists of Q Thanarat Makhotsa who is the team leader, Wave Supachai Singhkaew, Mike Purin. Rong Khankaew, Fluke Natchapol Somthat, and Wa Krisada Penglek under the supervision of coach Chanathip Rinla who won the right to compete in this competition by winning the FOLDG Thailand Championship. The winner winner Chicken Winner won 2 matches in a row, scoring a total of 220 points to win the championship with a prize fund of 525,000 U.S. dollars or 18.5 million baht, while the 2nd place went to Team Falcon from Saudi Arabia with 197 points and the 3rd place was the Mongolian team with 180 points. Showdown or bonus round with a prize fund of 1 million U.S. dollars or 35 million baht. On 18-20 August before returning to Thailand on 21 August.  
Chelsea-Spurs coach has an affair after the game The kg handed out a pair of red cards.|Conte and Tuchel clashed violently after the London derby match and were handed red cards by the referee on August 14, 2022. There was a clash between Tottenham Hotspur manager Antonio Conte and Thomas Tuchel. Chelsea's coach had a heated argument that forced staff and players on both sides to rush in to separate them before the story could escalate. In the London derby match at home to city rivals Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea took the lead twice, but were beaten twice by Tottenham Hotspur, especially the 2-2 draw in the final minutes of injury time. Referee Anthony Taylor made a mistake because of the Chelsea player. I was snatched before the goal was scored, but they were not fouled by Conte, who was previously Chelsea coach. Show gratitude that "Spurs" can follow the draw. Conte clarified that the incident was not a big deal and could happen. When the mutual emotions on both sides are surging, which is merely a show of retaliation from being provoked. As for celebrating the goal beyond that. It shows how important this game is for both teams. He would have been more determined to shake hands and celebrate the goal only on his bench, and Tuchel said both he and his players were disappointed that they didn't get the result they wanted. From the wrong decisions of the directors. The clash with Conte was just part of the game. He just felt that when shaking hands, as a courtesy you have to look into the eyes of those who shake hands, but Conte may not think that way and admitted that when the team took the lead, he was in the lead. He shouldn't run over from his own space because it makes the other side feel harassed. 
"Kota Miura" arrives in Thailand ready to enter the ring to duel "White Lotus"|"Kota Miura" The Japanese boxing star who will become the opponent of "White Bua Banchanmek" has arrived in Thailand amid a warm welcome from Thai fans. 20-year-old King Kazoo's biological son Kazuyoshi Miura, the legend of the Japanese national team, who is in line to fight the White Lotus Bantamek on August 19 at the Rajadamnern Boxing Stadium, Kota Miura has arrived in Thailand with a warm welcome from Thai fans. At the end of the month. Jul Japanese Media He reportedly contracted COVID-19 and had to withdraw from his fight with the Brazilian athlete. The weigh-in was completed today (16 August 2022). Kota and the White Lotus will face each other for the first time at the press conference for the Rajadamnern World Series (RWS) tournament at the Rajadamnern Boxing Stadium. Aug. 19 in the Battle of Rajadamnern The World Series or RWS is a fight that transforms Muay Thai in the Rajadamnern arena. In addition to the White Lotus returning to the ring for the first time in 18 years. He also sits as chairman of the arena's boxing development committee. Pulling Kota Miura The 20-year-old, the son of a legend of the Japanese national team, came to fight the White Lotus this time. It created a lot of buzz. Because in addition to being the son of a celebrity, his face also harrowed boxing fans. Admittedly, the appearance was very troubling for him. 
BG Pathum beat Kitchee 4-0 to reach the last 8 of the ACL|BG Pathum United qualified for the last 8 teams. The AFC Champions League winners defeated Hong Kong 4-0 on Aug. 19, 2022. In the AFC Champions League round of 16, BG Pathum United, Thailand's only representative, qualified for this round by winning the group stage. Meet Kitchee SC, the champion of the Hong Kong league. The game was played in Urawa. Komaba Stadium, Japan In the first half, BG Pathum United led Kitchee 2-0 Worachit Kanitsribampen scored his first goal for the team in the 34th minute before Iksan Fandi scored a stunning long-range goal in the 34th minute. 39Second Half Diogo passes the ball to Theerasin. Dangda scored the third goal in the 68th minute and substitute Coronation Thongkiri scored the closing goal in the 87th minute to give BG Pathum United a 4-0 win over Kitchee. After being eliminated in the round of 16 by losing on penalties. In 2021, BG Pathum United will face Urawa Red of Japan on Aug. 22 at 6:00 p.m. local time. 
Thai National Anthem "Kongs Thachkorn" Wins MotoGP Rookie Cup|"Kongs-Thadakorn Buasri" Thai Rising Star Rider Making history Win the championship at the World Road Bike Championship. In the MotoGP Rookie Cup in Austria on August 21, 2022, "Kongs-Thadakorn Buasri" Thai Rising Star Rider Number 5 from Thailand Competing in the World Road Bike Championships In the MotoGP Rookies Cup in Austria, the Goins took the lead over Maximo. Keeles, a young Spanish rider, grinded all the way to the last corner. The Thai rider claimed the victory with a time of 29 minutes 57.158 seconds.  
Resolution of the KGC to postpone the 30th Chaturamit Ball to the year 66 | The resolution of the 30th Chaturamit Samakkhi Football Organizing Committee meeting issued a statement postponing the Chaturamit football tournament to within the academic year 2023 to prevent the spread of COVID-19 today (August 23, 2022). Resolution of the 30th Chaturamit Samakkhi Football Organizing Committee Meeting issued a statement Postponement of the 30th Chaturamit Samakkhi Football Tournament with content According to the resolution of the 30th Chaturamit Samakkhi Football Organizing Committee meeting on July 15, 2022, the competition has been postponed to the academic year 2022 in order to meet the objectives and comply with the requirements and safety of students and staff. The competition was rescheduled for November 12-18, 2022, after which the Organizing Committee held regular meetings and preparations. i.e., stadium rental, public relations planning. The above activities are carried out under strict prevention of the spread of COVID-19. The epidemic situation is ongoing. Although the symptoms of the infected person are not very severe, the infection is easy. This affects the teaching and learning arrangements within the school. For this reason, the Organizing Committee of the Competition has met to jointly find a solution to manage the bowl according to the schedule. As a result, it is not possible to fully prepare in many sectors, especially cheering and transliteration practices, as it is an activity that requires a group of students and takes a long time. The cheering and transliteration sub-committees of all 4 institutions therefore agreed that cheering and morphing exercises could cause an epidemic, so it was proposed to postpone the competition during the month. The Organizing Committee has therefore coordinated with the Department of Physical Education to investigate the feasibility of using the stadium during this period, whereby the Department of Physical Education informed that the use of the stadium during that time has already been planned for other activities. Measures and response plans for the implementation of activities Taking care of the welfare of students participating in activities and taking into account the importance of football players' opportunities to play after the Organizing Committee In order to maintain the dignity of the Chaturamit football tournament that must have both football matches and cheering and metamorphosis, the competition is postponed to the academic year 2023 or until the situation is resolved to build confidence in all sectors as before. The Organizing Committee would like to promise that we will organize the 30th Chaturamit Samakkee Football Tournament that will be held in the future.   
Fight hard! THAI WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL FINISHES 3RD IN AVC CUP|Thailand women's volleyball vs Vietnam for 3rd place in AVC CUP in Philippines In the end, it was the Thai women's rubber ball team that won 3 sets in a row to win the 3rd place today (August 29, 2022) AVC CUP Volleyball in the Philippines. Thailand vs Vietnam to compete for 3rd place after semi-finals Thailand lost 2-3 sets to China The result of the match showed that both teams played hard, but the Thai team used a mixed attacking game before beating Vietnam in 3 sets by scores of 25-19, 26-24, 25-18. As a result, Thailand won the 3rd place in the AVC CUP Volleyball Tournament. Revealed that he was not satisfied with the work. The team is still lacking, not as tight as it should be, but some athletes have improved their pace, Chatchuon Moksri opened up after the game, thanking the team for helping to finish in 3rd place in the competition and thanking the fans for their support. After this, there will be another match, the ASEAN Grand Prix Volleyball. He said everyone trained and fought hard and praised the Vietnamese team for playing well. After this, anything that went wrong will be taken as a lesson to go back and correct for the Thai girls team to return home tomorrow. Arrive at Suvarnabhumi Airport at 10.00 p.m. The next event before the World Championship will be the ASEAN Grand Prix in Nakhon Ratchasima province on September 9-11, with the Thai team making its debut against the Philippines on September 9 at 6.00 p.m. Read related news Thailand women's volleyball wins Taiwan 3 sets in AVC CupThailand women's volleyball beat Australia 3-0 AVC cup 
Organizers clarify drama knot for running subscription fee Confirm the charity card, take all donations.|The organizers ran to clarify the drama. Esther Bunny Women's Run Confirmed: Every 1 application will donate 100 baht and for charity card 3,599 baht will be donated. Ramathibodi Foundation donated funds to "Needy Patients Project" Esther Bunny Women's run presented by ATiRA with famous show star Koi Ratchawin. However, there was a dramatic trend on social media that questioned the application fee, saying that the event had a high ticket price but only donated 100 baht to the foundation. Red Cap Organizer Co., Ltd., the organizer of the event, issued a letter clarifying the case with the following details: Request for clarification on the application for Esther Bunny Women's Run Presented by ATiRA. There is a page that misrepresents information about the running application and the donations of this event. Misleading The organizer would like to clarify the information to ensure correct understanding. For every 1 application, donate 100 Baht from the general ticket price and 3,599 Baht for Charity Card will be donated to Ramathibodi Foundation donated funds to "Needy Patients Project" breast cancer" in full without deducting any expenses.
Man Utd Leicester beat Leicester 1-0 to win 3 games in a row. |Manchester United beat Leicester City 1-0 with a goal from Jadon Sancho. 3 wins in a row Manchester United beat Leicester City 1-0 with a 23rd-minute winner from Jadon Sancho. Haag won his third consecutive game with nine points. Leicester move to 5th in the Premier League, while Leicester have 1. In five games, he finished in last place while Manchester United superstar Cristiano Ronaldo finished in last place. He remained at Old Trafford, coming on as a substitute yesterday in the minutes. 68In addition, Brazilian winger Antony was officially unveiled. After moving from Ajax for a fee of up to €100 million. The 22-year-old has revealed that playing for the Red Devils was a childhood dream and is delighted to join Erik ten Hag. Haag, the Dutch coach again.
Tennis wins Taekwondo World Grand Prix |"Tennis" Panipak Wongpattanakit Winning the World Grand Prix in France Taekwondo for the first time in 3 years, giving the gold medal as a birthday present to his father and preparing to return to Thailand tomorrow (September 4). 
On 2 Sep 2022 The 2nd round of the World Taekwondo Grand Prix 2022 was held in Paris, France. There were 2 Thai athletes participating in the competition, namely female Lt. Panipak Wongpattanakit. Olympic Games gold medalist Pannapa Hansujin (49kg) and Pannapa Hansujin (57kg) Panipak who missed out on two consecutive titles due to unfamiliarity with the new rules, came back to perform well in the round of 16, beating athletes from Morocco 2 to 0, round of 8 and beating Croatia 2 to 0. Meet old rival Kang Bora from South Korea, who took turns winning once. Although the first round, Panipak missed a kick to the head to lose first, but solved the game, kicking overtake to win in 2 rounds, resulting in a 2-to-1 win to qualify for the final. Meet Merv Dinzel European Champion from Turkey In the first round, Panipak used a trick to kick the head and torso to win 6 to 0 points, lifting 2 Panipak kicked the head of the athlete from Turkey 3 more times, resulting in another 11 to 6 points. Father Sirichai was born on September 4. My father also traveled to the sidelines to cheer. Pannapa Hansujin in the 57kg class lost to athletes from China 2 to 1 in the round of 32 for the Thai Taekwondo team will travel from France to Thailand. Panipak will play the 3rd World Grand Prix in Manchester, England, from October 21-23.   
Closing the legend of "Serena Williams" Former World No. 1 women's tennis player|The grand finale For Serena Williams' tearful farewell to tennis. After she was eliminated in the third round of the U.S. Open, Yesterday's highlight of this year's US Open was Serena Williams' last professional tennis career, where she lost to Australian rival Ayla Tomljanovic in the third round amid an overwhelming crowd of supporters. Serena filled the stadium's capacity, as she had previously said in an interview that she would hang up her racket after the show, tearfully saying goodbye to the industry with gratitude. Thank you to your family, mom and dad, for your continued support, including Venus. Her older sister, who has overcome all obstacles together on her professional tennis journey, also thanked the supporters who have been by her side for a long time. Will 20 years be involved in tennis again? Serena has been playing tennis since she was 4 years old, and her story of struggle, struggle and determination to succeed has earned her regarded as one of the greatest tennis players in the industry. It continues to inspire other tennis players and supporters of all ages and genders, making everyone involved regret not playing anymore and their record outstanding performance. They range from being crowned world No. 1. 186 consecutive weeks, the highest in women's tennis, equal to that of Staphy. Graf has won four Olympic gold medals, 73 Grand Slam titles and 23 Grand Slam titles, the second most behind Australian legend Margaret Court with 24 Grand Slam titles.   
Chelsea announce Thomas Tuchel's separation |Today (7 Sep 22) Chelsea have announced they have parted ways with 49-year-old manager Thomas Tuchel. After a 1-0 defeat to Dinamo Zagreb. Goal last night today (7 Sep 22) Chelsea have released a statement saying they have parted ways with Thomas. Tuchel, 49, said on behalf of everyone at Chelsea he would like to thank Thomas and his staff for their efforts. Thomas Tuchel will be part of the club's history after winning the Champions League, UEFA Super Cup and Club World Cup. The club's new owners believe it is the right time to make this change and the club acted swiftly to appoint a new head coach and there will be no further comment until a new head coach is appointed. 
"Nongja" knocked out Korea Sew Gold Aerobic Gymnastics Asian Championships|"Sister" Chawisa Inthakul South Korea defeats world champion to win Asian Aerobic Gymnastics Championships gold medal The president of the association believes that next year's SEA Games, Thai athletes have more than 4 gold medals. Today (6 Sep 2022) The 7th Asian Aerobic Gymnastics Championships was held at the Gymnasium, Eastern Sports Center, Pattaya, Chonburi Province. Miss CHAWISA INTHAKUL Vietnam's SEA Games gold medalist Kim Yeon Ji and Asian champion Tran Avi of Vietnam will face off against South Korea's Kim Yeon Ji and Vietnam's Tran Awi. He scored 19.250 points, better than winning the SEA Games gold and silver medal. Tran Ayu (Vietnam) 18.950 points Bronze Medal South Korean World Champion Kim Yeon Ji 18.750 points Men's Singles Dance Gold medallist Kim Han Jin (World Champion South Korea) 21.000 points, silver medallist Phan Thi Chia (Vietnam) 20.350 points, bronze medal. Abdullah A Happiness 19.400 pts Youth Women's Singles (12-14 years old) Gold Medal So Do-yeon (South Korea) 18.750 pts, Silver Medal Chanantida Jai Rak Preedamit 17.250 points, Bronze Medal Anjorie Pangambam (India) 16.700 points Group People Gold Medal Vietnam 19.783 points, , silver South Korea scored 19.591 points and Thailand bronze medal 17.613 points. The Thai team added one more bronze medal in the men's singles. Gold Medal Phan Thi Chia (Vietnam) 19.300 pts, Silver Medal Jung Sang Chan ( South Korea ) 18.850 points. Bronze Medal: Batbuyan Shinbat (Mongolia) 18.450 Nattakit Teerasathorn ranked 5th. President of Gymnastics Association of Thailand Congratulations to the South Korean national team for bringing the world championship to compete and dominate the gold medal, as well as Vietnam, both world champions and Asian champions, while Thailand won 1 gold, 3 silver and 3 bronze medals. Next year, 8 months later, there is a big competition. The SEA Games in Cambodia believes that from the aftermath of this Asian Aerobic Championship, it will build confidence for Thai gymnasts to win more than 4 gold medals.
THE MATCH trophy in Thailand to Old Trafford|THE MATCH Bangkok Century Cup 2022 Trophy Arrived at Old Trafford, Manchester United's home in England today (8 September 2022). The Fresh Air Festival Facebook page published a photo of the THE MATCH Bangkok Century Cup 2022 trophy with the caption "After Manchester United's 4-0 win over Liverpool in the historic match between Manchester United and Liverpool THE MATCH Bangkok Century Cup 2022 on July 12, 2022 at Rajamangala Stadium. The trophy has already been displayed in the Mancester United Museum at Old Trafford Stadium for the Rajamangala Stadium model. "Champ" is placed in a glass cabinet in the center of the museum. It can be seen prominently when you enter the museum. Previously, there was a lot of drama about the trophy. After the picture appeared in the press room, along with questioning whether the Man Utd team did not bring it back, it drew widespread criticism on social media. Later, the organizers clarified that the trophy would definitely be sent directly to England, but since it weighed more than 20 kilograms, packing procedures had to be carried out to prevent damage in transportation. 
Sports mourns the passing of Queen Elizabeth II|The British sports community joined the mourners on social media and stood in mourning at the match. Sports organisations such as the Premier League (UEFA) have announced that they will hold a pre-match vigil following the passing of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. There was a standing ovation before the match against the English team, Manchester United. Home defeat to Real Sociedad Manchester United conceded a second-half penalty as Arsenal beat FC Zurich 2-1 in Switzerland and West Ham, another English team, also picked up all three points with a 3-1 win over FCSB. David Beckham, former England international Alan Shearer and Tayson have all posted messages of condolence. Fury British boxers, including Pele, a former Brazil international as well as sporting bodies such as the Premier League or UEFA, have also announced a stand of mourning ahead of the match. Sporting events in England on Friday, led by cricket, golf, horse racing and the Football League Championship, have been postponed. 
"Roger" doesn't stand pain. Racket Suspension Notice |The tennis industry has seen some unfortunate news again. Roger Federer announced his retirement from the Laver Cup last night (Sept. 15, 2022). Famous Swiss tennis players Bringing fans around the world to tears When posting an audio clip announcing an important matter. Spread the word to supporters around the world. He admitted that he had retired from the sport due to his age and physical condition and would play in the Laver Cup, which will be held in London, England. The 23-25 September 2022 tournament was his final as a professional tennis player, with thanks to all parties involved and tennis for making him go beyond his dreams of Federer. At the age of 41, he is regarded as one of the most successful athletes in men's tennis. Turned pro since 1998 Notable performances include winning 20 Grand Slam titles, winning the Olympic men's doubles gold medal at the Beijing Games and the men's singles silver medal at the London Games. Outstanding performances inevitably come with injuries from the race. Federer suffered several injuries in the match. In 2020, he underwent two knee surgeries and had to undergo another surgery. After the match, he lost to Hubert Hurkacz in the quarter-finals. The 2021 Wimbledon was his last match to date. Federer, who has spoken to CNN since 2019, described his efforts to return to tennis in the last three years, saying it was a difficult and challenging time. Having to play alongside an injury shouldn't have happened and he knew his body was starting to send him some signals until the day he planned to hang his racket on the track permanently. After Serena Williams. Grand Slam Champion The 23-time women's singles tournament chose the U.S. Open as her final stage of her career. 2 weeks ago Source: www.cnn.com 
Kirin broke the Thailand record in the 10km run with a time of 29.47 minutes. |Athletics Association of Thailand Kirin Tantiwet certifies new Thailand record for 10 km run record in 29.47 minutes today (18 September 2022) Maj. Gen. Surapong Ariyamongkol, Vice President and Secretary General of the Athletics Association of Thailand Under the Royal Patronage of His Majesty the King, Kirin Tantiwet broke the Thailand record of 29.47 minutes in the Bangsaen 10 K. race in Bangsaen, Chonburi province. Kenyan runners, however, are Embury overtaking the 2km range. Kirin finished second with a time of 29.47 minutes, breaking Nattawut Innoom's previous Thailand record of 29.48 minutes. Half-Thai-American athlete Winner of 2 gold medals at the 30th SEA Games in the Philippines In 2019, in the men's 5,000 metres and men's 10,000 metres, Kirin is currently a professional runner for the Bowerman team in the United States. May and Hangzhou Asian Games China Both competitions will be contested in 2023. 
SAT pushes "Muay Thai" to show scores during competition|Office of the Boxing Sports Commission of Thailand Formulate important policies to reform Muay Thai judging By showing points in Muay Thai fights, the local way of Thailand in Buriram province, both to help Muay Thai solve the problem of eyesight and make Muay Thai more transparent after the current Muay Thai tournament is not as popular as in the past. There have also been several scandals, including a boxing crash and a decision that opposed the eyes of the referee today (September 20, 2022). Office of the Boxing Sports Commission of Thailand The idea is to reduce the problem of cutting off eyesight, especially in big events such as "SAT Super Fight" or "Muay Thai Fight, Thai Traditional Way" on Saturday, October 1 at Chang International Circuit, Buriram Province. During the MotoGP festival hosted by Thailand for all 7 Muay Thai matches, the judges will decide on a score-based basis for the first 3 of the 5 rounds to create more transparency and excitement for boxers and sports fans to enjoy the results. To set a new norm for Muay Thai for the announcement of the first 3 rounds of points, he made his debut in the Muang Nam Dam Muay Thai fight in Kalasin province on September 18. Some Muay Thai promoters have adopted "VAR" or slow motion technology to help cut fighters to follow Muay Thai rules in order to create an image and reduce conflicts for all parties in the Muay Thai industry.
"Beckham" refuses to cut the queue. Line up for half a day to mourn.|Former footballer David Beckham has been praised by the British media for spending more than half a day in line to pay his respects to Queen Elizabeth II's funeral by refusing to skip the queue of others. It gave him the opportunity to get a closer look at Queen Elizabeth often, although it was a sad day, but it was also a day for everyone to remember her greatness, and it didn't matter how long the queue lasted. Everyone is willing to do their best to pay their last respects, reports Beckham said. Beckham declined an offer to allow him to skip the queue to pay his respects, arguing that he wanted to join the line like everyone else, although he didn't seem to want to show up, but Beckham had a good interaction with those who came to greet him. And join the rest of the British in line, without any holding.  
Thailand lost on penalties to Malaysia in King's Cup final |Thailand have yet to erase their poor record of the last eight years against Malaysia. After losing on penalties, missed out on the King's Cup final in Chiang Mai. The 48th King's Cup at 700th Anniversary Stadium of Thailand The record of the Thai national team in the last 8 years against the Yellow Tiger team is poor. With 16,219 supporters starting the game just 14 minutes, Thailand had to make their first substitution after captain J Chanathip Songkrasin was injured, forcing Sumanya Purisai to play as a replacement. Leaving the pitch, Malaysia's defensive penetration seemed to lack dimension and acumen minutes later. 31 Malaysia, who had a spectacular attacking game and had several chances, took a 1-0 lead through Safawi Rashid. Open to the second post for Corbin Ong to flick in a shot after conceding a goal. Thailand National Team Try to speed up and have a chance to score a goal. From Suphanat's solo slip like an eye, he got a solo break into a duel with the goalkeeper. The game looked like it would end in Malaysia's victory, but in injury time, Thailand had a chance to equalise from Theerathon Boonmathan's free-kick, but the ball flew over the crossbar. Thailand got a free kick in front of the box and this moment the Malaysian player received a second yellow card. Open a free kick for Phansa Hemviboon to head for the Thai national team to draw 1-1. Sarachat, who failed to score before Thailand's 4-6 loss to Malaysia, unfortunately missed out on the final, causing Supachoke to burst into tears of disappointment, forcing "Madam Pang" Nuanpan Lamsam, the manager of the Thai national team and his teammates to console him after the game. Thailand national team defender He admitted that he regretted not being able to lead the team to victory. Ready to apologize to Thai football fans for the other result. Trinidad & Tobago lost 2-1 to Tajikistan for their next fixture. Thailand will face Trinidad & Tobago on September 25 at 5.30 p.m. and Malaysia will face Tajikistan at 8.30 p.m.
Federer plays Nadal in Laver Cup to end professional tennis|Former world No. 1 Roger Federer plays alongside Raphael. Nadal Sidekicks and rivals forever. The 2022 Laver Cup concludes with a professional tennis finish on Friday (September 23, 2022) local time, according to Roger Federer, the former world No.1 or "FEX". In the 2022 Laver Cup Team Tennis Championship, England. After Paired with Raphael. Nadal The former world No.1, perennial rival and close friend, competed in doubles in Team Europe against Team World Cup pair Jack Sock and Frances Tiafoe. After the match, Federer and Nadal lost 1-2 6-4, 6-7 (2-7), 9-11 to Koo. Despite his injury, he was never banned from playing tennis. Tennis legend Federer, 41, has produced a breakthrough record@rogerfederer, winning 20 Grand Slam titles, including six Australian Opens, one French Open, eight Wimbledon and five US Open#LaverCup pic.twitter.com/DIudykDUNn s.  
Women's Volleyball beats Croatia in 3 sets at World Championship|Thai Hey! Thailand beat Croatia in three sets with scores of 25-18, 25-13 and 25-21 in the Women's Volleyball World Cup. 2022Today (28 Sep 2022) The Thai women's rubber slapper team will play their third match against Croatia at 7:00 p.m. local time. In the 2022 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup, after a great performance in the first match, with a 3-2 win over Turkey. They lost 3-0 to Poland. First set The Thai team played like a man reel movie with the last match, the fast ball ball at the head of the pole came out completely until chasing a 25-18 win over Croatia, who had the fast ball as the main weapon, in the second set. Croatia responded by using heavy weight on the ball. But the Thai women caught their opponents by chasing blocks and counterattacking tactics, especially Ajcharaporn Kongyot, who put her best in the closing ball of the set to win the third set 25-13. The Thai team also went ahead with a mixed attack, while Croatia were undefeated. Despite scoring a cameo score, the Thai team had no pressure to close out the match with a 25-21 win, allowing the Thai women to beat Croatia in 3 sets to win the second match. This game Atcharaporn Kongyot scored a top 22 points, which Atcharaporn revealed that he was glad that everyone was back to unlock, especially the atmosphere in the team that encouraged each other. In addition, the Thai girls scored well, with Chatchuon scoring 14 points, Pimpichaya scoring 10 points, Thaddao scoring 8 points, and Pornpan serving Egg as well. Thailand will face South Korea on Thursday, September 29 at 7:00 p.m. local time.
Keep cheering! Thailand women's volleyball vs Croatia at 1 p.m. tonight|Keep cheering! Thailand women's volleyball vs Croatia at 7 p.m. local time In the 2022 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup, Thailand beat Croatia in 2010 in the 7th edition before playing for the Thai women's volleyball team. Have confidence because they beat Turkey. But on the pitch, Poland's Stefano Lavanerini, who helped South Korea win a ticket to the 2020 Olympics by beating the Thai team in Nakhon Ratchasima, did their homework, especially to close out the Thai women's attack. Magdalena, who scored a game-high 26 points, also showed great performances with both attacking and blocking balls that scored 8 points from 9 blocks. Slappers Sasipaporn Chantavisutra and Sett Nattanisha Jaisaen who made their second appearance, Nugnik Nattanisha, despite not being happy with his own passing, did not help the team much, but was able to serve aces. Collect your first points in the World Championship, which unlocks for yourself. Om Sasiporn, who fought hard and got slapped in the face by the ball, is an invaluable experience to get back and fix it. Today, the Thai team has to play against Croatia, who are yet to win in this World Cup. They met once in 2010 when the Thai team won 3-0 sets, but this team cannot be considered careless because it is the team that will compete. Volleyball Nations League next year, which earned the right to the Challenger Cup by beating Belgium. Thailand will face Croatia at 7 p.m. local time. 
Thailand women's volleyball defeated Dominican Republic 3-2 in World Championship|Thai rubber slapper did not disappoint. The Dominican Republic beat the Dominican Republic 3-2 in the final match of the 2022 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup in Group B. Today (1 Oct 2022) FIVB Women's World Championship 2022 Final First Round Group B Thailand National Team Meet the Dominican Republic national team At 19:00 (Thailand time), the match will be played at Ergo Arena, Gdank. Poland led 1-0 with a score of 31-29 in the second set, Dominican Republic won 1-1 in the second set, beating Thailand 25-16, while in the third set the match was a close when Thailand alternated points against the Dominican Republic, but it was the Dominican Republic who won the match. With a score of 25-21 to take a 2-1 lead in the fourth set, the Thai women's team took the lead despite not leaving a distance, but beat the Dominican Republic with a score of 25-22 to tie the match 2-2. Thai rubber slapper continues to show good performance. Scored the lead throughout the game and did not disappoint, beating the Dominican slapper. With a score of 15-11, the match ended. Thailand women's national volleyball team defeated Dominican Republic 3-2 in both sets to advance to the round of 16. Related News Today! Thailand women's volleyball world championship against Dominican Republic 
Asian Futsal Championship Round Top 8 Tonight Thailand vs Tajikistan|Before the Asian Futsal Championship The last 8 teams tonight at 3pm between Thailand and Tajikistan will see the availability of Thai players, especially "Captain Arm Supawut Thuanklang" today (October 4, 2022). Thailand national futsal team players Tajikistan vs Tajikistan in the 2022 Asian Futsal Championship Round of 8 Tonight at 21:00 p.m. local time in Kuwait in a training session on Oct. 3, Carlos Cesar urged his Thai players to review their tactics and set-plays against Tajikistan, Asia's No. 11. The training atmosphere was quite relaxed and each player was fully committed to tonight's win over Tajikistan, with Cesar saying the team had a plan in place, but it was important for the players to concentrate on the game as much as possible and the style of play may have to be adjusted according to the situation. Thailand must not underestimate that even though this team has more than half the new pedigree, but also captain Arm Supawut Thuanklang. The 33-year-old, who has competed in six Asian Championships, led the team where captain Arm Supawut Thuanklang has long been a role model for Thai youth. After serving the national team for more than 14 years and helping the Thai national team win countless SEA Games and ASEAN, he also helped Blue Wave Chonburi win several league titles and Asian titles. He also helped Nagoya Ocean win two Japanese league titles, and Captain Arm believes he never gives up even though his love of futsal will be overlooked. The Thai team will be ranked No. 21 in the world and No. 3 in Asia, and have played six consecutive FIFA Futsal World Cups. He stressed that all players should not pay attention to external factors, but to do their best on the pitch to use their performance instead of words, and he wants to lead Thailand to win the Asian Championship once. After the Thai team, the closest is to win the runner-up 2 times.
Thailand vs Serbia face off at 2 p.m. tonight in the World Cup.|Thailand women's national volleyball team Serbia vs Serbia 2022 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship Tonight at 8pm, Thailand's record against Serbia in the latter period is considered to be a win today (7 Oct 2022). The 2022 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup Group F match 3 will be held at the Atlas Arena in Łódź, Poland. World No. 14 Team Will face Serbia national team The match will begin at 8:00 p.m. local time, while Thailand and Serbia have won 2 times in their last 5 meetings, while Serbia have won 3 times. 
Cheers! Thailand women's national rubber ball player vs Canada at 2 p.m. tonight|Today, the Thai women's team will play against Canada in the first two matches. Thailand women's national volleyball team will face Canada in the 2022 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup Round of 16 match at 8 p.m. at Poland's Wodds Sports Arena. The coach said that today's game against Canada must be done thoroughly because Canada beat Germany 3-2 in the first round. There is a problem with the lights in the stadium not being very bright, but it is not known if the match day will be improved. The 14 players, despite fatigue, were free from injury after debating the points that followed from round one to round two. It is now clear that FIVB will use all the results from the first round that the Thai women have scored from Croatia and South Korea: 4 wins, 1 loss with 10 points, 4th place in Group F, and the 13th ranked Thai team in the world will face Canada, ranked 15th in the world, today at 2pm local time.
Thailand U17 defeated Taiwan 3-1 in Asian Championship matchday 2  |Asian Football Championship Thailand U17 U17 Group F 2nd match: Thailand U17 beat Taiwan 3-1 Thailand has 6 points from the first 2 games. Vietnam vs Vietnam on 9 October today (7 October 2022) at 4pm at Viet Tri Stadium. Thailand U17 U17 Qualifier Group F 2nd match: Thailand U17 played the first game, Thailand beat Nepal 3-0 and Taiwan lost 4-0 to Vietnam. There have been some changes in positions, but there are also key players like Tontawan Puntamuni as a target striker, along with Patcharapol Steelkul. Team Captain and Saranyawat Aunt Prasert started the game 12 minutes later and Thailand took the lead from a free-kick taken by Saranyawat. Aunt Prasert Tontawan Puntamuni's header gave Thailand a 1-0 lead, but 14 minutes later, Taiwan equalised when Tan Tan Yao headed the ball to the far right before handing it over. Lin Haicheng charged in to bring the score back to 1-1 and end the first half with this score to start the second half. Thailand went ahead hard and in the 55th minute Tontawan Puntamuni fired a long-range shot into the save. Taiwan gate before Pongpetch Iamsaard repeatedly followed in. The team led 2-1 at the end of the 87th minute when Tontawan Puntamuni added his second goal of the game and the final goal. Thailand U17 beat Taiwan 3-1 to increase their points tally to 6 points from their first 2 games. Thailand U17 will face Vietnam at Viet Tri Stadium on 9 October 2022 at 7 p.m. 11 starting line-up: Krishnu Guptanawin (GK), Chansorn Choklap, Jirapong Chamsakul, Patcharapol Lekkul (C), Thanakrit Champali, Tontawan Puntamuni, Krittakan Rungrojbenjapol, Saranyawat Aunt Prasert, Constitution Better, Thanakrit Siege of Naga, Pongpetch Iamsaard
Thailand defeated Serbia 3-0 in World Cup |Thailand beat Serbia 3-0 in the 2022 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup Round of 16.  Today (7 Oct 2022) 2022 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup Round of 16 Group F matchday 3 World No. 14 Team Will face Serbia national team World No. 3 Team Before the match, volleyball players from both nations and staff stood in mourning with black ribbons on the left chest to mourn the loss in Nong Bua Lamphu province. Thailand women's national team Thailand won 2 times, Serbia won 3 times, Thailand beat Serbia 3-2 in the Volleyball Nations League in June, Serbia beat Thailand 3-0 in the 2021 Nations LeagueSerbia beat Thailand 3-0 in the 2019 Olympic QualifiersThailand beat Serbia 3-0 in the 2019 Nations LeagueThailand lost 3-1 sets to Serbia in the 2018 Nations LeagueThe results showed that Thailand lost 0-3 sets to Serbia with scores of 23-25, 17-25, 15-25. On October 8, 2022 at 8:00 p.m. 
Pele Nagar celebrates Auga's victory in U.S. Jet Ski World Championship|"Pele Nagar" post celebrating the victory of "Oga Nakara" The U.S. Jet Ski World Championship winner of the "WGP 1 Jet Ski World Series 2022" Junior Ski 10-12 years old today (October 10, 2022) "Ple Nagar Silachai" posted a photo with a message on his Facebook page. "Auga has won the World Championship" and recounted the efforts of his son "Nong Oga Nakara Silachai" who worked hard to exchange so much experience than a 10-year-old child and made his parents and everyone happy for "Auga Nakara" traveled to Arizona, USA to participate in the Jet Ski World Championship. "WGP One Jet Ski World Series 2022" in Junior Ski 10-12 Last year, he was able to win the No. 1 spot while Pele Nagar who followed him to join the training and cheer the ball to the sidelines. According to him, the world-class circuit he used to fight against racers from around the world more than 20 years ago. Today bringing my child to training and competing was a dream come true. 
Thai Futsal defeated Uzbekistan 2-8 to finish 4th in Futsal Asian Cup 2022|Thailand Futsal defeated Uzbekistan 2-8 in semi-finals Finished 4th in the "AFC FUTSAL ASIAN CUP 2022" on October 8, 2022. AFC FUTSAL ASIAN CUP 2022 SEMI-FINALS IN SAAD Al Abdullah Hall, Kuwait City, at 21:00 a.m. PDT Games between Thailand national teams Meet Uzbekistan national team among fans More than 50 Thais in Kuwait cheered for the game, with Carlos Cesar still out of license, Ranachai Juongwongsuk and Warut Wangsamael who were injured. Hankampa (goalkeeper) The players are Kris Aranyasalak, Worasak Srirangpairoj, Sarawut Phalapruek, Narongsak pleaded for the start of the game for just 2 minutes, Thailand quickly took the lead from the moment Narongsak pleaded with the ball before tricking the first post into giving Thailand a 1-0 lead, but the same minute Uzbekistan equalized from Kamroev. Collect the ball before passing it to Ropeev. Ikhtiyor The score was tied at 1-1, and in the seventh minute Uzbekistan took the lead through Ropeev. Ikhtiyor The shot hit the crossbar and bounced into Shoriev's direction repeatedly. Uzbek took a 2-1 lead in the 14th minute, Uzbek added a goal and Elbek Tulkinov scored from the right to make it 3-1, then in the 16th minute from a kick-in and Kusniddin Nishonov pressed a left-footed shot against the post to give Uzbek a 4-1 lead. 23 Shoriev Davron comes off the left before passing to Rakmatov Anascon. The score moved to 6-1 in the 26th minute, Thailand played a power play and lost the ball in the middle. Ikhtiyar scored to give Uzbekistan a 7-1 lead and in the 27th minute Thailand scored a shallow goal from Worasak Srirangpairoj. Cut the ball in front of the Uzbe goal before locking in on the right and firing it in. The team trailed 2-7 in the 30th minute, the Thai power play missed again and Ilkhhomjon Kamroev scored. Cut it before you shoot far. Uzbekistan led 8-2 with no further goals remaining, ending Thailand's 8-2 loss to Uzbekistan, which resulted in the fourth-place finish of the Asian Championship. On October 9, 2022 at 10:32 p.m. local time, departed from Kuwait Airport and arrived at Suvarnabhumi Airport on October 10, 2022 at 12:30 p.m. local time. 
"Atcharaporn-Chatchuor" flies to Turkey to join Sarier team|2 Thai national team rubber slappers "Atcharaporn Kongyot" and "Chatchuon Moksri" The pair have revealed that they are ready to go and improve themselves. After playing two seasons in a row today (October 16, 2022) Thai women's national volleyball team players Atcharaporn Kongyot and Chatchuon Moksri 2 left to play for Turkish league side Sarier and left for Turkey in the morning at Suvarnabhumi Airport. The Thai women's team finished 13th in the competition, with Pure Atcharaporn scoring 132 points and Bumbim Chatchuon scoring 102 points. The Thai slapper revealed that she was well prepared because it was the 2nd time to prepare as much food as possible because of the long stay abroad and want to eat Thai food. As for the field, we have to go to the job site again, which will try to perform at its best. To return to help the national team with several big battles next year.
Know the only "water tunnel" in Thailand 30 million after "Tono" lung training |Get to know the only "water tunnel" in Thailand at the Faculty of Sports Science, Chulalongkorn University, worth 30 million baht. After "Tono" was used to prepare to swim across the Mekong, but was questioned on social media for not paying for the use. This is a picture of Mr. Pakin Khamvilayasak or Tono practicing swimming and fitness testing in the water tunnel of the Faculty of Sports Science, Chulalongkorn University, but leading to questioning. And some suspect that the "water tunnel" is worth more than 30 million baht. How Tono used to post on Instagram "Now that I have passed the lung test, the next will be endurance, heart function and water tunnel...the doctors, teachers, staff of the Faculty of Sports Science, Chulalongkorn who are very kind and cute, do not charge a penny for the fitness test." The document was issued by a private company that was the operator of Tono's project to request the use of the water tunnel. According to the Faculty of Sports Science, Chulalongkorn University is pleased to provide the courtesy "at the expense of regulations", the water tunnel or swimmingflume is an innovation from Germany.  It is the only one in Thailand at the Faculty of Sports Science, Chulalongkorn and the only one in ASEAN. Powered by 3 motors, 16 high-speed cameras and 2 high-speed video cameras, the high-speed cameras analyze the athlete's movements. It can capture 1,500 fps motion water tunnel. It has the advantage of "smoothing" the flow of water, the speed of the water is the same, similar to running on a treadmill with a set speed. "Tono" to Nakhon Phanom Yan continues to swim across the Mekong, Chaeng Knot uses water tunnel The water tunnel of the Faculty of Sports Science was used to train the Thai national swimming team at the 28th SEA Games in Singapore. On 5–16 In June 2015, the Thai athletes broke the record of 9 athletes in Thailand in that competition. According to the CU Sports Science Alumni Facebook page, personnel prices are 1,900 baht per first hour, 2,000 baht per hour for individuals outside Chulalongkorn University, 2,100 baht per first hour for government sectors, 2,200 baht for public enterprises and 2,300 baht for private sectors. "Tono" drama swims across the Mekong "I'm good at this, let's do it," Nakhon Phanom Hospital director confirmed. "Tono" swims across the Mekong Do not burden the doctor. 
The Royal Gazette announced the Thai citizenship "Coach Che".|The Government Gazette publishes the announcement of Thai citizenship "Coach Che" Head coach of the Thai national taekwondo team, along with 175 others. Coach Che was given a new name, "Chatchai", meaning steady victory. Today (20 Oct 2022) The Government Gazette website reveals the announcement of the Ministry of Interior. Re: Royal Charter to naturalize as Thai 175 It was found that the number 1 was Mr. Yong Seok Chae or Coach Chae. The head coach of the Thai national taekwondo team, effective from October 19, 2021. Coach Che has officially submitted his Thai citizenship application. To the Legal and Discipline Department Special Branch Police Headquarters, then on February 3. Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha The Prime Minister and Defence Minister revealed after the Board of Investment Meeting No. 1/2022 that the annual additional citizenship was signed by the name "Coach Chae" Choi Young-seok. The head coach of the Thai national taekwondo team, at his request, has been in charge of the sport for a long time and on August 13, "Coach Che" was given a new name, "Chatchai", meaning stable victory. After being the coach of the Thai national taekwondo team, "Nong Tennis" Panipak Wongpattanakit The Thai women's national taekwondo team made history by winning the gold medal in women's 49 kg taekwondo at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan. Coach Che said in an interview that he wanted to change his nationality to Thailand for more than 10 years and received support from the National Taekwondo Association and the Thai authorities were ready to push for it. Once naturalized as a Thai citizen, as well as South Korean law, read more. The list of 175 people declared by the Government Gazette to be Thai citizens. Read related news "Coach Che" has acquired Thai citizenship, the Prime Minister revealed the signing of "Coach Che" today. Give up South Korean citizenship, ask to be a Thai citizen to take Taekwondo to the Olympic gold  
Chonburi FC terminates contract "Worawut" drunk driving fatal crash|Chonburi FC president issued a statement on the club's resolution to terminate the contract of goalkeeper Worawut Sukhuna. Effective immediately. After drunk driving kills 1 person and injures 1 person, reiterates not protecting the wrong person today (27 October 2022) The Chonburi Football Club Facebook page published the second additional statement by Wittaya Khun Pluem. President of Chonburi FC According to a statement from Chonburi FC, the accident in which Mr. Worawut Sukhuna or Bank was hit by a drunk driver that resulted in the death of a person. The first issue (https://bit.ly/3zlRrHh) was announced by the club late yesterday (26 October) following further discussions with the management team and all parties involved. Coupled with the evidence that has been taken into consideration, there are additional conclusions from the first statement. The president of Chonburi FC issued an additional statement in this issue in person: Based on the results of the investigation by the authorities who charged Mr. Worawut with "driving while drunk causing death and serious injury to others" and from the evidence at the scene, despite the bail application to testify in court, the club announced in its first issue that it would not send Mr. Worawut to the pitch in the Thai League until the case is concluded and punishable by law. Mr. Sasit Singtothong via video clip (https://bit.ly/3syQJTc) requesting to terminate his role and resign as manager of Chonburi FC, the club management respected the decision and approved it to have the desired effect as well. Chonburi FC would like to emphasize the club's stance that it does not agree and cannot accept the actions of Chonburi FC goalkeeper Worawut. In the case of accidents caused by drunk driving crashes causing deaths because it is a football club that aims to make Chonburi people physically fit. Disease-free and drunk driving behavior Contrary to its intention, the club continues to insist that it will not protect offenders, cooperate with authorities and bring offenders to justice in order to be a role model and social responsibility. He also confirmed that he would supervise footballers and club personnel from causing drunk driving incidents like this in Chonburi. FC sends our deepest condolences and condolences. President of Chonburi FC
"Pro China" becomes the No. 1 female golfer in the world|"Pro-China" Athaya Thitikul Make your mark in Thai women's golf When scoring points to rank No. 1 in the world. According to the latest rankings, "Chinese pro" Athaya Thitikul has become the new world No. 1 golfer from the latest rankings announced yesterday. As a result, she became the second Thai female golfer to rise to the top of the industry. After "Prome" Aerya Jutanukarn, a young pro from Ratchaburi province, is also a "rookie" or golfer who joined the LPGA Tour in her first year. The second person in history to become world No. 1 after Park Sung-hyun. South Korean pros who did it in a month At the age of 19 years, 8 months and 11 days, the Chinese pro is a teenage golfer (under 20 years old). She became the second player in history to become world No 1 after New Zealand's Lydia Ko, who first became world No 1 at the age of 17 years, 9 months and 9 days in February 2015. At the age of 18 years, 6 months and 2 days this year, the Chinese pro made an outstanding performance. The two-time LPGA Tour winner, 12 top-ten finishes, and a chance to win several awards at the end of the year, said the world No 1 is meaningful for the team. It's an honor to be named alongside so many legends of women's golf. Being world No 1 is a special feeling, while at the same time it's even harder to keep No 1. I still have something to learn from every golf legend, including today's female golfers, on and off the course. From now on, we will work hard for our families, our team, our fans and Thailand.
Liverpool beat Napoli 2-0 but finished runners-up in UCL group.|Liverpool bounced back to beat Napoli 2-0 in the final UEFA Champions League group stage, celebrating Jurgen Kolp's 400-game managerial tenure, but finished runners-up in Group A because they lost their last UEFA Champions League group stage goal. But this game, Liverpool. Back to good form again. Celebrating Jurgen Kolp's 400-game managerial win Napoli went 2-0 up through Mohammed. Salah and Davin Núñez gave Liverpool 15 points equal to Napoli, but Liverpool finished runners-up in Group A. Napoli in the round of 16 have a chance to face giants Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain or even Bayern Munich. Madrid suffered an unbelievable disappointing 2-0 defeat to Porto and failed to win five games in the competition. Dropped to last place While Porto overtook Club Brugge to win Group B, Spurs were trailing Olympique Marseille in the first half, but two second-half goals from Clement Lenglet and Emile Hojbjerg secured a 2-1 win to win Group D with 11 points.
Final curve, negotiations cut World Cup licensing price |Thais will definitely be able to watch the FIFA World Cup 2022 live on free TV, where the NBTC is ready to use the royalty subsidy fund, leaving only to negotiate lower prices. The latest progress on the case of watching the World Cup 2022 for Thais Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan The Deputy Prime Minister, as chairman of the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT Board), said he wanted everyone to see it. Using the budget of the NBTC because it is done for the people, the figure that the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) proposes to the NBTC is 1,600 million baht. While the NBTC has only 900 million baht left in the fund, the SAT has to go to the details and talk to the agency to ask for a price reduction. The SAT is negotiating with Infront, an agency, to request a lower price than this. It is expected to be clear tomorrow (November 3, 2022). In addition, the private sector must be drawn to join the competition, which is in negotiations with the private sector that owns two mobile networks in the country, but still seizes the full package. Live broadcast all 64 matches covering all platforms. Free TV, Pay TV The governor of the SAT revealed that it is possible for some matches to be watched live on free TV and some matches will have to be watched on pay TV, while the broadcast operator has definitely concluded that the SAT will be the center of broadcasting through the main channel T-Sport. But Mr. Somkiat Tangkijvanich The president of Thailand Development Research Institute said that the Must carry and Must have rules in foreign countries, such as Australia, are used in national sporting events in countries in which Australia is involved, such as Australia in the final of the World Cup. If cable TV is broadcasting, it must also provide free TV broadcasting. If free TV has any programming, then the public access via cable twee. If cable TV doesn't help broadcast signals to free TV, many citizens simply don't watch many programs. This intention was when Thailand asked if the World Cup Is the final round a sporting event like the Olympics in which Thailand participates? But if people want to watch, they should let the market mechanism work because there are people who are ready to watch it, whether they are ready to watch the advertisement or ready to pay. Therefore, if you let the market mechanism work, it should solve the problem, as in the past, but locking in that if the cable bought it and had to give away free TV as well, the cable would not be able to get the money back easily, so decided not to broadcast live, which is a problem that I think depends on the regulations that have been issued. According to the data, in ASEAN countries, Only Thailand, Laos and Myanmar have not agreed to buy the World Cup license, but the price set by FIFA for Thailand is quite high. It is assessed based on the popularity of football in the country and the size of the economy. Thailand is placed on the same level as Malaysia's full live broadcast package. 64 rounds at U.S. $38 million or about 1,444 million baht. This does not include VAT, but Malaysia chose to broadcast 27 matches on free TV and 9 matches on tape, spending about 261 million Vietnamese baht and buying it for about 14 million U.S. dollars or about 532 million baht. As FIFA estimates the size of Vietnam's economy smaller than Thailand, the Philippines bought it for about 1,306 million baht, Indonesia bought it for about 1,596 million baht, and Singapore was the most expensive country in ASEAN, which broadcast 64 matches on streaming platforms for 2,636 million baht, and only 9 matches were broadcast live on Free TV. 
Qatar continues World Cup, ignores human rights protests|There are two weeks left for the 2022 World Cup, hosted by Qatar this year. Despite Qatari authorities' insistence on its readiness to host the event, it appears that Qatar has faced "human rights" pressure from many countries throughout the tournament on Nov. 5, 2022. Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al-Thani, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Qatar, told international news agencies around the world. Symbolic protests from the Football Association, the use of migrant workers to build football stadiums Relations with Russia as sponsors of the 2022 World Cup final in Qatar, but this could not prevent Qatar from cancelling the tournament. The minister added that there were very few people. Not even 10 countries around the world have tried to boycott the World Cup, and they have not taken part in it, and the reality is that Qatar is the first Middle Eastern country to host the World Cup. The final round of the tournament will be held from Nov. 20 to Dec. 18, 2022. Qatar has faced a lot of pressure despite Russian national teams being disqualified from competitions by both FIFA and EUFA due to the Russia-Ukraine war since the beginning of the year. Qatar's ruler has reaffirmed his relationship with President Putin, ignoring anti-Russian sentiment from European nations. Qatar has chosen to employ many foreign workers, such as India, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, but the migrant workers have been subjected to brutal abuse. To build a luxurious football stadium. Human rights organizations such as Amnesty strongly condemn Qatar's abuses of migrant workers and demand that FIFA pay up to $440 million in compensation to these workers. Mohammed immediately denied it and referred to several European countries as DBU, or the Danish Football Union. The Danish national team is trying to travel to Qatar as little as possible. The reason is that they do not want to be too much of a part of promoting the tournament and the DBU does not allow the national team players to bring their families to cheer. He reiterated that the union was not afraid of distracting their players. Don't want to spend Boosting the economy in Qatar with Danish money in addition to that. Danish sporting goods company, which manufactures Danish national team shirts, said the national team's kits would see logos very faint or barely visible because the company did not want the world to see that his company and other Danish sponsors were supporting Qatar because the tournament was held on the death of thousands of people. There are 3 types of Danish national team kits, and the third type is completely black to represent Qatar's protest against human rights. In addition to Denmark that calls for Qatar has taken human rights seriously, with Britain, the Netherlands and Australia joining the call. On Nov. 1, 2022 Qatar Tourism and the country's main airline, together with the president of FIFA, held a press conference on the global entertainment programme to be held during the World Cup. 2022, which includes the launch of Qatar's newest beaches. Live performances from world-class artists And FIFA itself has always reiterated that. Source: CNN, Reauter, Thelocal.dk, The Guardian
War elephants warm up "Myanmar - Taiwan" before ASEAN Cup   |Thailand National Team Choose to warm up with Myanmar and Taiwan to prepare the team before the ASEAN Championship. AFF Mitsubishi Electrics Cup 2022 today (November 9, 2022) Mano Polking Head Coach of Thailand National Team Revealed that the Thai national team Choose to warm up with Myanmar and Taiwan to prepare the team before the ASEAN Championship. 2022 or AFF Mitsubishi Electrics Cup 2022Mano "Of course, it is very important to prepare the team before the tournament to check the players' readiness and test before the actual match. In addition to doing homework to watch players in the Thai League and abroad. The coaching staff also follows the competition of the A-line rivals. We have watched Brunei against Timor Leste in both games to prepare for a thorough analysis because we have to prepare the team as well as possible no matter who we meet. In every match, the head coach of the Thai national team also said that the first game, of course, Brunei will play with hunger. We have to show our strength and start the tournament strong in the two warm-up games, maybe focus on testing the players, but we will try to work hard for the fans and I want to see the fans come to the stadium to cheer on the players and the games in the ASEAN Championship. In the group stage, where Thailand will play two home games against the Philippines and Cambodia, we want everyone to make the stadium full of Thai fans. Because playing with the support of the fans is always a good encouragement for the players. The Thai national team will play two warm-up matches against Myanmar and Taiwan at Thammasat University Stadium, Rangsit on 11 and 14 December 2022. At 8:30 p.m., the program of the Thai national team in the AFF Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2022 is as follows: DEC 22 Brunei vs Thailand 26 DEC 22 Thailand vs Philippines29 DEC 22 Indonesia vs Thailand 2 Jan 23 Thailand vs Cambodia 6-7 Jan 23 Semi-finals First leg9-10 Jan 23 Semi-finals, matchday 213, January 2023 Finals First leg16 Jan 23 Final Matchday 2
"Thana" Pointing Post Must Have Rules Do Royalties Surge - Private Sector High Loss Chances     |"Ex-Executive" Euro Cup copyright holder Post the impact of the Must Have rule, making football broadcast royalties expensive. The private sector does not dare to bid because of the high chance of losses. Today (9 Nov 2022) Former GMMZ executive Thana Theanprit, who owns the Facebook page "Write for You", wrote on Facebook about the reason for adding the Must Have rule that is why the private sector does not want to invest in the rights to the World Cup. Thailand is also the only nation in ASEAN that has not yet acquired the copyright. It is likely that we may not be able to watch or have to follow the links. So far, the World Cup is not strong at all. TV sales promotions that used to be bustling are looking awkward because until now there was no host. The owner of the live broadcast that Mabiu came to promote. Live time in Qatar is a great time for malls, pubs, bars. Everything's quiet. Restaurants want to do a campaign, they do not know who to contact, it is said that the broadcast rights that Thailand will have to buy may be up to at least 1,600 million baht. The chances of losses are likely to be high, so no one has yet dared to invest in this kind of conditions until the state has to cut it out on its own, but it is still dramatic about the appropriateness of the fund or the latest state budget. The NBTC has just heard that it will help only 600 million baht. The question then follows, if the price is almost 2,000 million baht, then who will take out the rest? I was one of the main characters in the black-screen incident of that year's Euro broadcast, as I spearheaded the creation of the Grammy's GMMZ satellite box. Similar to Netflix, HBO's way of thinking these days is that Only at GMM Z has magnetic content that draws people to buy boxes and pay monthly. In this day and age, it doesn't seem strange, but at that time, accuracy could not beat liking. People used to watch free football until they got used to it. When the Grammys got the copyright and will use it to advertise the box that we can only watch Euro football only at GMM Z, when the announcement was hit hard by all directions, both the dissatisfaction of people who used to watch football for free all along. Later episodes Watch free satellite or cable TV suddenly have to buy a box is not satisfied. Both disadvantaged competitors, especially satellite and cable, use all means, both pressure through people who want to watch and through the state process in all aspects, in order to broadcast live on all channels. At that time, there was a legal battle, the bright side was wired to almost every TV channel. Under the table, he was punched under the belt through powerful politicians of the time until we had to write a letter to UEFA and then over there he wouldn't open it. The story lasted until the finals were over, but it was the event that I was most insulted in my life, the personal lesson of this story that I remember until today was: One day when I got hit hard, I had to go out there and clarify a lot, and I was confident in my contractual rights, so I argued. Little Busaba, Marigold of the Grammys, sat and listened to it and reminded me that in this world, there is right and right. Sometimes accuracy doesn't please people, I have to try to look at the angle that will please people as well. It was my satori in this story that I remember until today. When I go out to clarify, I will think about how to maintain accuracy and speak to the liking of the couple as well. Tried to beat the backstroke until the finale, Grammy. Fighting to the end, he was injured quite a bit both his reputation and lost tens of millions, and it was the first reason for the NBTC at that time to issue a rule to please the masses with the Must Have rule that year, with the principle that if anyone gets the broadcast rights that are in the network, it must be open to all Plattforms to use. Every citizen needs to see it. In the NBTC rules, there are 7 sports, which in the end do not include the Euros, but there is a World Cup on that list, it is worth noting that the first 6 sports that include the Olympic SEA Games include Thai athletes. In order to participate in the World Cup stereotype that both Thai athletes do not compete and is very expensive, it makes it difficult to use the state fund to find private investment. Without the Must Have rule, it seems very difficult for anyone to invest in this economy, Mr. Bell. The edge of the field is written on FB by jokingly calculating that if anyone buys the license for 1,600 million baht. Monthly sale 399 baht There are still 5 million people to apply for the level of 5 million to break even (I think it must even be 6 million because of the cost of broadcasting, advertising, etc. Netflix, this membership is not even a million at all. Plus, most overseas sponsors are beer. But our house banned this group from advertising again, Mr. Bell wrote on FB that most of our people's behavior has always adhered to the word free. We may have to understand that it's past that free World Cup era. In this era, you want to watch and pay the same as we pay Netflix Amazon Youtube Premium today, you alone Woratangkul of Channel One jokingly calculated that if Free TV bought the rights for 1,600 million baht, that is, 25 million baht per pair. You have to sell ads 1 million baht per minute to shoot, while good rating dramas still sell 100,000 baht - 200,000 baht. And even more so with the Must Have rule, it doesn't make sense. That's the nail in the coffin of the private sector completely. Public money is a hotly debated issue because Thailand didn't go to the World Cup with him. Is it better to spend money in other ways that benefit the country? And recently, although the NBTC has cut out a certain amount, it is still very unbelievable that the impact of Euro 2012 10 years ago will cause us to miss the World Cup 10 years later. Hopefully, the relevant authorities will consider revising the outdated rules that have been tried to make us lose football and cause royalties to go up until foreigners knock us out early so that we don't miss the World Cup in 2026 again. 
SAT governor worried about negotiations to buy World Cup rights|There is still a stretch for this year's World Cup license purchase. Negotiations are yet to be concluded. The governor of the Sports Authority of Thailand Admittedly overwhelmed by the negotiations. But we are ready to do whatever it takes to allow Thai people to watch the World Cup on free TV. Although it may not be 64 matches after the NBTC approves the purchase of 600 million baht of copyrights. And there is also news that some private sectors have already reached out about 800 million baht. Which is still about 200 million baht short to reach 1,600 million baht, according to the full ceiling figure that FIFA wants the latest. Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) Governor Kongsakd Yodmani denied the private sector figures. Came to the rescue and admitted to being overwhelmed. He reiterated that the SAT is now doing everything it can, including sending letters requesting cooperation to the private sector, as well as discussing the possibility of Thailand buying the rights to the full 64-match World Cup package or perhaps buying cascading packages to get the best price. And they want the price to be less than 1,600 million baht for the deadline to buy World Cup rights. It was before the opening game. Host Qatar vs Ecuador on November 20 at 11.00 p.m. Acting Secretary-General NBTC reveals that the NBTC board The Must Have rule will be revised after this year's World Cup because it is the same committee rule that was introduced on the platform in the past. It is not the duty of the NBTC to pay every 4 years, but the remaining 6 sports events remain the same as the SEA Games, ASEAN Para Games, Asian Games, Asian Para Games, Olympic Games and Paralympic Games because they are programs with Thai athletes competing. The World Cup will be reconsidered in the future. If the Thai national team wins a ticket to the tournament.
The SAT has not yet received 1,600 million baht for World Cup licenses.|Football fans still have to win because until now, the governor of the SAT He admitted that he had not yet completed the purchase of the rights to the 2022 World Cup, but initially signed with the NBTC to confirm the receipt of a 600 million baht grant. The budget for the 2022 FIFA World Cup has not yet been fully funded. But today (November 14), the SAT will sign an MOU with the NBTC to confirm that the NBTC is ready to support 600 million baht. However, the NBTC will only give 600 million baht if the SAT presents its contract with FIFA to the NBTC, which could be after the 14th. Which direction will that go? Expect to receive an answer today, Mr. Kongsakd. He also denied social media rumors that 5 private sector companies contributed 200 million baht each. This has reached 1,000 million baht. This is not true. It is reported that the budget from the private sector that is open to negotiations for support has gone. There have been oral responses from 3 private companies, namely True Corporation Public Company Limited, Thai Beverage Public Company Limited, PTT Public Company Limited will provide a budget of 400-500 million baht, when combined with the budget received from the NBTC, will have 1,000-1,100 million baht on hand in negotiations with FIFA, which is still not enough. Cineplex Group Public Company Limited and PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited (PTTEP) recently reported that FIFA's stance was not to reduce the price to USD 30 million as requested by the Thai side, saying that if Thailand were to buy at a price cheaper than USD 38 million, it would have to buy two years ago. FIFA has set a deadline of November 18 to complete the deal with FIFA, and then on November 19, 2022, all funds must be transferred to FIFA with a 15% tax. In case the FIFA agent refuses to reduce the price and 2. Thailand does not buy the rights to broadcast the 2022 World Cup.
Breaking point drama "Ronaldo-Man United"|Cristiano Ronaldo's relationship with Manchester United is broken. After the star chose to open up about his reprimand and management board ahead of his trip to the World Cup, it hurt the feelings of Manchester fans. United very much. When Piers Morgan, a well-known British journalist and host, revealed the trailer for the first episode of Piers Morgan Uncensored on Wednesday, it was about Cristiano Ronaldo. The famous footballer of the "Red Devils" team has opened up about the rebuke of the head coach and the board, admitting that he feels betrayed by the board. Trying to force him to leave and feeling disrespectful of the manager because of Erik ten Hag. Haag insults honour before slamming Wayne Rooney My former best friend said he was jealous. Speaking about Ronaldo's lack of form, he attacked the board for lacking ideas to improve the team and was confident that Sir Alex would not be able to improve the team. Ferguson He knows that the team has been moving in a directionless manner since he chose to step down, but at the point of not being able to comment, international media analysed why Ronaldo was in danger. He chose to speak pessimistically about the club before leaving for the World Cup. The reaction of "Red Devils" fans around the world was disappointed by Ronaldo's actions in positioning himself bigger than the club while on the Manchester side. United have yet to make any comments about Ronaldo's disregard, but one thing that can be confirmed is that Ronaldo will end his unhappy career with the Red Devils and leave for a new team in the January transfer window.
"White Lotus" demonstration of "Muay Thai" media show at APEC meeting|"Buakhao Bunchammek" shows the art of Muay Thai to both Thai and international media who follow the news report of the APEC 2022 meeting today (16 November 2022). Muay Thai demonstration at the press conference center In the eyes of Thai and foreign media who follow the news reports of the APEC meeting at the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center, there is also a workshop on the art of Muay Thai for those who are interested in the event. Especially from foreign media, and there is also Mr. Thani Sangrat. Director General of the Department of Information and Spokesperson of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs also participated in the event.      
Thailand national blind football team wins World Cup tickets 2 times in a row|Thailand national blind football team Create great work After winning a ticket to the World Blind Football Championship for the second consecutive time on Nov. 16, 2022, reporters reported that the Asia-Oceania Blind Football Championship in India In the final Group A match, China had previously won the group. Thailand vs India Thailand vs India The match of the Thai national team only needs a draw to guarantee the last 4 teams to win a ticket to the World Cup for the 2nd consecutive time of the blind immediately starting the game as the Thai team took a 1-0 lead in the 9th minute from Buncha Munpetch's penalty before Wanchana Pradsri scored a goal to make it 2-0 in the 29th minute to help the White Elephant team collect 9 points from 4 games to finish 2nd in Group A and advance to the semi-finals against Japan, the winner of Group B. This evening at 21.30 p.m., Thailand won a ticket to the World Cup for the Blind for the second time in a row. Next June in Birmingham, England, with the 2018 World Championships in Spain. Thailand finished 12th
Thailand invests 1.4 billion baht to buy rights to film the 2022 World Cup live for 64 matches|The governor of the SAT revealed that Thailand has reached an agreement to purchase the rights to broadcast 64 matches of the 2022 World Cup at an estimated value of 1,400 million baht today (November 17, 2022). Dr. Kongsakd Yodmani, Governor of Sports Authority of Thailand FIFA has confirmed that it has reached an agreement to purchase the rights to broadcast the 2022 FIFA World Cup with the International Football Federation (FIFA) for 64 matches. in the value of 33 million U.S. dollars or about 1,400 million baht thanks to Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan. Deputy Prime Ministers who coordinated the private sector to achieve this success, including Thai IOC Member Padma Leesawattrakul, Mr. Somsak Leesawattrakul, Advisor to the Asian Olympic Council (OCA), who helped fully coordinate the event, as well as the private sector to support the Thai people to watch the full broadcast. The next step will be to sign a contract with FIFA and proceed with the preparation of the broadcast. When calculating the exchange rate, it will be around 1,180 million baht, but there is no 15% tax, as well as having to track the exchange rate on the day of the transaction and other expenses may have a chance of ending at 1,400 million baht. On November 16, the SAT invited 21 digital TV stations to a meeting on conditions for privilege management and pre-broadcast support if the copyright is acquired. A press conference is expected on all channels to watch the match. By November 18 Related News: "Pravit-Vishnu" Unclear answer to the World Cup copyright - Thai people still have to win Thailand may not buy the World Cup rights Qatar and the stain on the 2022 World Cup hostsOpen Section 2 Reasons NBTC buys World Cup rights Open reasons "NBTC" Approved 600 million baht to buy NBTC World Cup rights to use NTC 600 fund Buy free World Cup rights
Thai blind football wins Asian Championship First period|Thailand national visually impaired football team Broke the pen. After knocking out Japan in the playoffs, they will advance to the first Asian Championship in the Asia-Oceania blind football championship in India. Semi-finals Top 4 Thailand is ranked 6th in the world. Japan is ranked 4th in the world. Both teams played with caution after 30 minutes of normal time to draw 0-0 on penalties to determine the winner. Bancha Munpetch and Prakrong Buayai (captain) scored 2 and Ranat Phuna missed 1 but it was enough to give the White Elephant team Thailand a narrow 2-1 win over Japan.Thailand advanced to their first Asia-Oceania title with China, their old rivals who had beaten Thailand 4-0 in the first round, with the final being played this evening at 7.30 pm. Japan dropped to third place with Iran for Thailand, China, Japan and Iran, the four Asian teams that won tickets to the World Cup. In a month June next year in England. The champions will qualify for the 2024 Paralympic Games in France.
SAT Bring FIFA contract to receive cheque 600 million baht From the NBTC.|Deputy Secretary-General, NBTC Reveal the SAT Brought the FIFA contract to receive a cheque of 600 million baht, while tomorrow the SAT urgently discusses TV channels, splitting the broadcast of the World Cup today (18 November 2022) at 19.15 hrs. Deputy Secretary-General, NBTC As Acting Secretary-General of the NBTC He told Thai PBS that the SAT The FIFA contract was handed over to the NBTC at 5:00 p.m. today. A cheque of 600 million baht has been handed over to the SAT Call an urgent meeting TV operator All 64 matches of the World Cup will be broadcast live today. Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Deputy Prime Minister as Chairman of the Board SAT The meeting considered applying for financial support by borrowing from the National Sports Development Fund to pay the difference, in addition to the 3 private sectors that paid a total of about 500 million baht to complete 1,400 million baht. To buy the rights and pay taxes to FIFA to broadcast the World Cup in Qatar urgently. Thailand must pay 50 percent of the first installment by Saturday, Nov. 19, while the second installment can be paid within a week. Read related news : Thailand invests 1.4 billion baht to buy rights to film the 2022 World Cup live for 64 opening matches 2 Section 2 Reasons NBTC buys rights to open World Cup "NBTC" Approved 600 million to buy World Cup rights
Qatar World Cup 2022 Stadium|Qatar, the host of the 2022 World Cup, is a small country surrounded by deserts. Qatar must use advanced technology to combat extreme heat to ensure that the tournament passes well and safely for fans and players from around the world. A small territory of the Arabian Peninsula Most areas of Qatar are desert. The winter temperature is around 10°C. Being selected to host the 2022 World Cup is a challenge for the Qatari government, having to deal with the crowd that comes to watch the World Cup. Athletes In the midst of this 50-degree Celsius heat. Postponing the Games to winter is one answer to the climate problem, but that doesn't give Qatar enough confidence to open up to athletes and fans from around the world. Rich nations like Qatar are tackling this in extreme ways: using technology that allows even the hottest countries to host major sporting events throughout the year. The first challenge is hot air venting. For example, the Al Ja Nub stadium has a roof design that allows air to circulate around it. On match day, the stadium is packed with around 40,000 people, each one of whom is a source of heat and humidity. As a result, a cooling system had to be implemented to keep the inside of the stadium and stands cool, where fans in the stands would be cooled by the cold air outlets under each seat. The small nozzle, which works like a shower head, releases cool air to allow air to circulate around. Spectators The air released was a light breeze, not a specific air vent above the passenger seat of the aircraft. The country's humid climate makes it harder for sweat to evaporate and can cause excessive body temperatures, leading to heat stroke or heat stroke, and footballers may have to run a total distance of more than 10km during each match, losing up to 3 litres of sweat, so they need to stay cool and drink enough water. On the football field, cold air from large nozzles must be mobilized to create a layer of cold air throughout the stadium. Abdul Ghani Speaking to the BBC, an expert on air conditioning at football stadiums said the approach would create a bubble-like space that traps cool air between 18 and 24 degrees Celsius inside the stadium, less than 2 metres above the ground or from the Hajar stand. Saleh The goalkeeper of the Qatar women's national football team, who has been playing football since the age of 11, said humidity is the biggest challenge for people to play in extreme weather zones. 2 places with this new cooling system. She says it's very useful. Especially when playing in June, one of the hottest months of the year in Qatar, Qatar's World Cup organizers have been able to play in June. Qatar said the use of cooling systems for the ballpark would mean that all matches would have almost no increase in greenhouse gas emissions because all electricity comes from solar power plants, but Qatar has even higher targets. However, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the total amount of greenhouse gases generated by the stadium construction process accounted for 90% of the total greenhouse gas generated by the event, which is estimated to be 800,000 tons, equivalent to driving 80,000 rounds around the world. The FIFA has stated that the scope of the venue is not very large. The racetracks are not too far apart. As a result, the amount of greenhouse gases generated by the World Cup in Qatar is less than one-third of the amount generated by the World Cup hosted by Russia in 2018. The organizers used the carbon offset method, which is the purchase of carbon credits in various environmental projects, to offset their own carbon emission activitiesSource: BBC
"Toon Bodyslam" Comeback Run Donate Medical Equipment to Betong Hospital|"Toon Bodyslam" joined the charity run to purchase medical equipment for Betong Hospital in Betong Half Marathon 2021 for the first time in 5 years today (20 November 2022) At 5:00 a.m. Mr. Thirut Supaviboonpol Deputy Governor of Yala Province The Acting Governor of Yala Province presided over the opening ceremony of the "Betong Half Marathon 21" Betong 21 Half Marathon along with Mr. Ek Young-Abhay Na Songkhla, the Sheriff of Betong Province. After ever starting the starting point running from Betong - Mae Sai. In 2017, there were 3 stages of the race, namely 21 kilometers, 10 kilometers, and 5 kilometers, which attracted participants from various provinces. Mr. Thirutm said that this activity is an activity that will help promote the tourism economy and generate income for the people in the area, enhance public health and enhance public participation. It has a positive impact on both public health and public health. Betong economy as well, while many Facebook users took selfies with Toon Bodyslam, telling how cute Toon is.
World Cup Countdown to Qatar vs Ecuador |World Cup 2022 Opening Ceremony Countdown The first match will be played at 11 p.m. "Qatar-Ecuador". Private sector point to help pay another 700 million baht Watch 64 free matches on 17 digital TV channels today (20 November 2022) First day of the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar The first match will be played between hosts Qatar. They will face Ecuador at 11 p.m. local time at Al Bayt Stadium, live on true4U, T-Sport. On the first day, while the atmosphere in Qatar Quite bustling. Football fans have already booked a place to cheer and watch the opening ceremony. The Dreamers soundtrack for the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be sung and performed at the opening ceremony at 21.40 a.m. by Jungkook from BTS with Qatari artist FahadAlkubaisi, while Trinidad Cardona, Davido and AISHA will sing the World Cup song "Hayya Hayya (Better Together), Black Eyed Peas." Famous US hip hop group, J Balvin Latin singer reads more as Qatar kicks off World Cup 2022 World Cup squad players have gradually travelled to prepare for the World Cup. The Brazil striker and his teammates arrive at Hamad International Airport in Doha. Yesterday (Nov. 19) Among the fans waiting to welcome Portugal midfielder Ruben Neves also speaks at a press conference at Shahaniya Sports Club in Al Zamriya. northwest of Doha during the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. To the readiness of the football game Dr. Kongsakd Yodmani, Governor of Sports Authority of Thailand On behalf of the Royal Thai Government Press release thanking World Cup broadcast sponsors The private sector contributed 700 million baht. After many parties have worked hard over the past 3-4 weeks and were able to negotiate with representatives of the International Football Federation or "FIFA" until the right license price is 33 million U.S. dollars or about 1,200 million baht when including taxes and other operations, the total cost will be 1,400 million bahtRead more News World Cup betting center set up For the payment of FIFA royalties to Thailand in 2 installments, the first installment before the opening match has already been paid by the budget received from the NBTC in the amount of 600 million baht and the other installment is 600 million baht. Private funding will be paid off by Nov. 25 for the 2022 FIFA World Cup, the 22nd edition hosted by Qatar. The competition will be held between Nov. 20-Nov. 18. This December, which will be the last time the 32-team system will be used, with all 64 matches will be broadcast live on free TV on 17 digital TV channels with the opening match. In Group A, Qatar vs Ecuador will take place at Al Bayt Stadium at 11pm, with the match broadcast live on TRUE4U and T Sports 7. Making history, winning the Asian Championship with 17 channels to watch the World Cup live True4U Channel Opening match
Fifa President Identify Western nations as "insincere"|Gianni Infantino, FIFA President It said Western nations were "insincere" in their coverage of Qatar's human rights record ahead of the World Cup on Nov. 19, 2022, Qatar local time. The FIFA president spent nearly an hour at a press conference for the 2022 World Cup in Doha, the BBC reported. The treatment of LGBT people suggests it is not necessary to protect Qatar, but to protect the World Cup held in Qatar from these condemnations. He opened the event by saying that Infantino was Swiss by birth, but called on Western nations to apologize to Qatar for the terrible story of more than 3,000 years of history that the West has done to create a good lesson for the next 3,000 years. By saying 12 years of waiting. Qatar could host the best World Cup ever, this FIFA president's press conference said. It confused the media from several outlets in the area as Infantino spent 45 minutes talking about matters not related to the upcoming World Cup on Sunday night. In February 2021, The Guardian reported that 6,500 migrant workers from India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have died in Qatar since their nominations for the World Cup. The government said 37 workers died in accidents at World Cup stadium construction sites between 2014 and 2020, but the International Labour Organization (ILO) argued that Qatar's figure of 37 was underestimated. A senior Qatari official said the number of migrant workers who died while constructing a football stadium was a much-discussed issue, but some of the data were inaccurate, leading to unfair comments against Qatar.Source: BBC
World Cup Opening Leg Hosts Qatar lost 2-0 to Ecuador|FIFA World Cup 2022 kick-off: hosts Qatar lost 2-0 to Ecuador in the opening match of the World Cup. The highlight is Morgen Freeman. Hollywood performers It was launched with Ganim Mufta, a young ambassador for this World Cup, who suffers from CRS, a condition in which there is no development of the peripheral spine, which causes pelvic dysfunction. And besides, Jungkook, BTS artist South Korea also sang "The Dreamers" with local singers before Qatar's ruler Sheikh Hamad Al Thani officially opened the tournament during their Group A opener against hosts Qatar. The 2019 World Cup final was led by Almoez Ali against Ecuador, who used the 33-year-old team's all-time top scorer, Enner Valencia, to find the back of the net just three minutes into the game. Heading the ball into the goal, but Daniele Orsato The Italian referee checked VAR and blew the ball offside, but after a minute, he had to go for the ball. 16 Ecuador won a penalty when Valencia was beaten by Al-Sheib. Knock your legs down in the penalty area and it's Valencia. Ecuador took a 1-0 lead in the 31st minute. Valencia scored Ecuador's 2-0 victory over Qatar and his fifth goal at the World Cup and his 37th international in their next match, Qatar will face Senegal on Friday night at 8pm. vs Netherland on the same day at 11pm. Fanface in Doha Ecuadorian fans without tickets to the game celebrated their World Cup opener victory. Ecuador are playing this World Cup for the fourth time, they have won every time in the group stage, but only in 2006 they won 2 games in the group stage and reached the last 16, while in 2002 and 2014 Ecuador were eliminated in the group stage despite winning 1 match in the group stage.
Thailand finished the World Taekwondo Championships with 1 bronze medal.|Thai Taekwondo Team The 2022 World Taekwondo Championships finished with just one bronze medal on the final day of the 2022 World Taekwondo Championships in Mexico. The Thai Taekwondo team competed in the final 2 players, Chulanan Khantikulanonda (46kg) and Thanokrit Yodrak (58kg), to win more medals after the first 6 won only 1 bronze medal from Panipak Wongpattanakit in the 49kg class in the 58kg class. The 18-year-old SEA Games gold medallist received a round of 64 bye to the round of 32 against Australia's Bailey Lewis in the first round. Winning 10 to 7, lifting 2 Thankrit, getting a kick in the head and kicking. While the opponent kicked back to score well, but lost the anointed gum because he fell and pulled Thanarukot before being cut off the anointed gum 5 times, losing again. Win 2 to 0 to advance to the round of 16. Samira Khan Ababakinov from Kazakhstan this round, Thanakrit on the red side is at a disadvantage in shape. Tried to move to kick to score, but was kicked in the head and body by the front leg of the Kazakhstani athlete, losing 2 rounds, scoring 3 to 8 and 1 to 6, eliminated to win a medal in the 46 kg class. World Championship bronze medal 3 years ago, another hope of the Thai Taekwondo team round of 32 against Ramirez Vargas Andrea from Colombia in the first round, Chulanan missed a kick to the head and body, lost 1 to 9 to 2 rounds, Chulanan who lost this round did not walk in hoping to kick to score, but missed being kicked and kicked into the body armor, losing another 10 to 4, resulting in a 0 to 2 round loss and missed the medal as well. Thai Taekwondo Team World Championships Sent 8 athletes and won 1 bronze medal.
Cabinet exempts 200 million in World Cup royalties|The Cabinet of Ministers resolved to exempt 200 million baht from taxation. World Cup 2022 broadcast royalties to Sports Authority of Thailand  Today (22 November 2022), the Cabinet of Ministers meeting approved the exemption from the collection of revenue tax. For broadcasting royalties for the 2022 World Cup, the tax burden requested for exemption is more than 200 million baht. According to the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT) The offer is due to FIFA, despite having the money from royalties to broadcast the 2022 World Cup, but because it is not a business operator in Thailand. Therefore, the Sports Authority of Thailand As the copyright purchaser, such remittance must be deducted. to the Revenue Department within the time specified for such tax liability, consisting of VAT at the rate of 7% of the royalty limit and corporate income tax at the rate of 15% of royalty limit  
Netherland Second half win over Senegal 2-0|Netherland Senegal beat Senegal 2-0 in 2022 FIFA World Cup Group A 2022 World Cup Group A Netherland Against Senegal in the first period, it was Senegal who had several chances to score, but it was saved by Andries. Noppet Heerenveen's goalkeeper at 203cm is the highest in the tournament before late in the game. When Frankie de Jong turned the ball over for Cody Gakpo to swoop in a header to give the Netherlands a 1-0 lead in the 84th minute, in the 98th minute, the Netherlands Depay made a save. Chelsea goalkeeper Mendy but the ball came in the direction of Davy Klassen. The Orange Knights beat Senegal 2-0 and Gakpo won the Man of the Match award in Group A. The Netherlands and Ecuador have 3 points, 1st and 2nd place in the group with the same 2 goals. Senegal and hosts Qatar are 3-4th with no points and two goals conceded, while today's fixtures feature four matches starting at 5pm. Group C Argentina v Saudi Arabia, followed by 8pmGroup D Denmark v Tunisia, Group C Mexico v Poland at 11pm and the final match of Group D, reigning champions France v Australia at 2pm.
Man Utd Ronaldo contract terminated|Manchester United have officially terminated the contract of Cristiano Ronaldo, 37, effective immediately. Ronaldo has been linked with a TV interview with Piers Morgan that has angered Manchester United and Erik ten Hag. Haag, the coach of the team, made a statement on Man Utd. The club thanked Ronaldo for his tremendous contributions during his two spells at Old Trafford, scoring 145 goals in 346 appearances, and wishing Ronaldo and his family the best of luck in the future. I love Man United and the Manchester United fans, it never changes, but it is the right time to find a new challenge for him. Ronaldo will help Portugal at this World Cup in Group H with Uruguay, Ghana and South Korea, the first game against Ghana. Tomorrow (24 November 2022) at 11.00 p.m.
FIFA threatens to give yellow card Captain wears "OneLove" armband at World Cup|European captains have refused to wear the "OneLove" armband at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. After FIFA threatened to give out yellow cards to those who wore the armband. On Nov. 22, 2022, the International News Agency reported that the captains of many European teams will not wear the "OneLove" armband. At the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar. After receiving a warning about the handing out of yellow cards to the Netherlands national team. England, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Switzerland and Wales have agreed to have their captains wear the "OneLove" armband to combat discrimination and advocate for gender diversity. Last September, but did not receive the latest response. Football association representatives from these countries have announced that the "OneLove" armband bears the multi-colored heart emblem. It will not be worn in Qatar, the statement said. It comes after the International Football Federation (FIFA) made it clear that it would impose sanctions if national team captains wear the armband on the pitch of the 2022 World Cup. Opening up about wearing the "OneLove" armband After the match against Iran, he said he was disappointed not to wear the armband because the decision was not in his own hands and everything was out of his control as a player. 
Morocco beat Croatia 0-0 at the World Cup.|First World Cup match today Reigning champions Croatia drew with Morocco in a goalless draw for the third match of the World Cup today (Nov. 23, 2022). FIFA World Cup 2022 Group F First Leg It kicked off at 5pm at Al Bayt Stadium in Qatar with a meeting between the Croatian national team. The 2018 runners-up are led by Luka Modric. The 2018 Ballon d'Or winner meets Hakim-led Morocco. Ziyech striker for Chelsea in the first half Morocco In the 65th minute of the first half, Achraf Hakimi's free-kick was won but not through Dominic Livakovic's hands. Croatia drew 0-0 with Morocco on one point each, making it the third match at this World Cup to draw 0-0 after Denmark and Tunisia and Mexico and Poland that kicked off yesterday.
Japan beat Germany 2-1 at the 2022 World Cup.| Germany The four-time world champions lost to Japan in the first match of the 2022 FIFA World Cup. 2022 at Khalifa International Stadium, Qatar In Group E, four-time world champions Germany met Japan in a warm-up match in 2006 when they drew 2-2 in the 33rd minute. Germany won a penalty when goalkeeper Shuichi Gonda was fouled in the penalty area and Ilkay Gundogan made a mistake to give Germany a 1-0 lead in the first half. Germany had a chance to take a 2-0 lead thanks to Kai Havert's goal, but it was forfeited by VAR for offside. Hajime Second Half Moriyasu made it 1-1 before Japan equalised 1-1 in the 75th minute through Freiplus winger Ritsu Doan. The next substitute was Japan, who took a 2-1 lead thanks to another supersub Takuma. Asano The Bochum striker dodged Nico Schlotterbeck before firing a corner in front of Neuer. Incredibly, Germany tried hard to open the attack but failed to score a goal, giving Japan a first win over Germany in its history and the second Asian nation. After South Korea, who had won. The 2-0 victory at the 2018 World Cup saw Japan win their sixth game at seven World Cups, and the Asian nation has won the most World Cup games with six, equalling South Korea, but Japan have played 12 fewer games. The team finished second in the league and was relegated from the J.League with the 3rd most goals conceded in the league, but he was trusted by Hajime to become the No. 1 player and led the team to flip the lock, as well as the two Japanese substitutes who scored in this game, all of whom played in the German Bundesliga. 
FIFA World Cup 2022: Spain beat Costa Rica 7-0|Spain thrashed Costa Rica 7-0 to top Group E at the 2022 World Cup. Costa Rica vs Costa Rica In the 2022 FIFA World Cup Group E last night, with 11 minutes to play, Spain took a 1-0 lead through Dani Olmo in the 21 minute when Marco Asensio scored for Spain. Leading 2-0 in 31 minutes, Jordi Alba was fouled by Oscar Duarte in the penalty area and Ferran Torres fired in to give Spain the lead. 3-0 in the second half, Spain did not attack lightly. Gabi passed the ball to Ferran to give Spain a 4-0 lead in the 54th minute, 74 minutes and Spain leading 5-0. Open the ball to Gabi. The volley went in beautifully. As a result, Gabi At the age of 18 years and 110 days, he became the youngest player to score at a World Cup in 64 years since Pele. He scored in the 1958 final at the age of 17 years and 249 days. 90 Carlos Soler scored to give Spain a 6-0 lead in the 92nd minute. Morata Spain thrashed Costa Rica 7-0 to top Group E. The PSG goalkeeper played the game, Spain had 76 per cent possession and eight shots on target. Spain have three matches equal to Japan for their next Group E match: Japan v Costa Rica at 5pm and Spain v Germany at 2am.
Switzerland beat Cameroon at the 2022 FIFA World Cup |Switzerland beat Cameroon 1-0 in FIFA World Cup 2022 Group G today (24 November 2022). FIFA World Cup 2022 Group G In the first leg at Al Janoub Stadium in Qatar, Switzerland, who came to the 12th World Cup, met Cameroon, representing Africa, in their eighth World Cup. Cameroon had five chances on goal, two on target but Switzerland had more possession and three chances on goal, with Manuel Akanji's header coming closer. The Manchester City defender was injured but didn't score either. The first half ended in a draw. 0-0Second Half, 48th minute Sherkan Shaqiri Pass the ball to Breel Embolo from the right. The ball went into the goal to give Switzerland a 1-0 lead after taking the lead. Switzerland won 1-0 with 3 matches tonight at 8pm. Uruguay - South Korea at 11pm. Portugal - Ghana at 2pm. Brazil - Serbia
FIFA threatens to cut World Cup broadcasts in Thailand The latter was found to have escaped to another country.|FIFA threatens to disqualify World Cup broadcasters Warning to accelerate protection after signal leak to other countries Meanwhile, the Sports Authority of Thailand allocated the World Cup live broadcast to digital TV for 3 matches equally on all channels on November 23, 2022. Reporters report on the progress of the allocation of live broadcasts of the World Cup. 2022 Latest Sports Authority of Thailand Summoned representatives of digital TV channels to a meeting to discuss the case of True Channel returning the quota for broadcasting 16 matches of the World Cup back to the Sports Authority of Thailand. The meeting lasted almost 2 hours before concluding that the 16 matches that True reinstated would be allocated to the lottery channels with 2 matches and 1 match from last Saturday's draw to be broadcast on 3 matches per channel, the same as Thai PBS from the previous 2 matches: Thursday, November 24 in Group G at 5 p.m., Switzerland v Cameroon and Thursday, Dec. 1 in the final Group F game between Canada and Morocco at 10 p.m. Led by Cristiano Ronaldo Meet Ghana At 11pm today (Nov 24), the 2 matches, the 3rd place final will be broadcast by PPTV and the final will be broadcast live on Channel 7. There have been complaints to FIFA that Thailand's World Cup broadcast signals have been dropped to Ace, Indonesia and Laos. FIFA has proposed that Thailand must encrypt broadcast signals transmitted via satellite according to the standards set by FIFA. After discussions between the NBTC and the SAT and digital TV operators, it was concluded that even if Thailand cannot comply with FIFA standards, it will not be able to comply with FIFA standards. Because it is advanced technology that Thailand does not have, and there will be a problem that the watch box cannot be decoded as well, but it will propose to FIFA that Thailand will change the access code instead. believe that copyright infringement can be prevented.
Senegal bounced back to form with a 3-1 win over hosts Qatar.|Senegal return to form after scoring win Hosts Qatar 3-1 to secure the first three points. The 2022 FIFA World Cup Group A match between hosts Qatar and Senegal will be played in the second leg of the 2022 FIFA World Cup Group A. 40 from the stroke of the Qatari defender. Senegal striker Boulaye Dia intercepted a misball before scoring in the 48th minute of the second half to give Senegal a 2-0 lead from a corner kick and it was Famara. Wipe Chu, who swooped in with a header in the 78th minute, Qatar got a shallow goal to ignite hopes from Mohammed Muntari's header, but in the 84th minute Senegal scored the winning goal thanks to Bamba Dieng's low shot to help Senegal beat Qatar 3-1Senegal collected three important points to stay in third place in the final match, while Qatar lost 2 games in a row. With 0 points in last place, high chance of eliminationRelated News: Iran 10-man Wales beat 10-man Wales 2-0
Japan shocked Germany at the 2022 World Cup|The aftermath of Japan's 2-1 win over Germany  With 19 players playing in European leagues, it is an undeniable reflection of Japan's success in developing the foundation of football since Japan qualified for the World Cup for the first time. In 1998, Japanese football developed by leaps and bounds. The 100-year National Football Strategy was established, and the Professional Football League or J.League was fully established. In 1999, it became Asia's No. 1 league, and the Japan national team became Asia's top team, a regular at the World Cup, giving more Japanese players the opportunity to play in European leagues from the list of 26 players of the Japanese national team. This World Cup kit, Hajime. Moriyasu has called up 19 players who have played in foreign leagues, including eight players who have played in Germany's league, nine in Germany's Ligue 1, three in France's Ligue 1, two in the English Premier League, two in Belgium, two in Spain and Portugal and Scotland. One nation each against Germany last night. Coach Hajime Moriyasu, who used to be Akira Nishino's assistant. and Makoto Tekuramori, former coach of BG Pathum. Having reached the round of 16 of the 2018 World Cup and sending five players who have played in the German league into the starting line-up, the Japanese have shown how much their experience in European leagues can help raise the team, especially their familiarity with Germany's style of football. Despite taking an early lead in the first half, the second half made amends by sending on Ritsu Doan and Takuma. Asano, the other 2 attackers from the German league, came down to score 2 goals, winning to the delight of supporters from the perspective of "Chaoko" Daskorn Thonglao, a former midfielder of the Thai national team, that nowadays modern football is fought mainly by means including tactical systems. The result was far beyond expectations due to the coach's tactics and tactics. It is like a classroom of learning for young people. In particular, the study of the Japanese national team, whose physique is small, but they play with discipline and fighting heart until they can knock out the top teams in the world, which is a great inspiration for Thai youth to dream of reaching there for Japan. Japan will play their second match at the World Cup against Costa Rica, who lost 7-0 to Spain in the first leg on Sunday, November 27 at 5 p.m. If they win, they have a good chance of advancing to the last 16 for the second time in a row and have a chance to rematch Belgium, who lost 3-2 in the last 16 last time.
England beat the United States 0-0 while the Netherlands drew 1-1 with Ecuador.|At the 2022 FIFA World Cup, England beat the United States 0-0, while the Netherlands drew 1-1 with Ecuador. England vs USA in World Cup The pair have met twice and England have never beaten the United States. In 2010, when South Africa drew 1-1 throughout the game, England tried to attack but could not penetrate the U.S. defence. In this match, both sides drew 0-0. This is the fifth match of the World Cup to draw after the game, despite England's draw. Didn't complain to the crew much. He was even happy that his players showed strong mentality, but admitted that the England players were a little disappointed with the result. Meanwhile, in Group A, the Netherlands and Ecuador started the game six minutes later, the Netherlands scored quickly and Defi Klassen passed the ball to Codi Cudpo. In the 49th minute, Estupinhar's shot was saved by Andreas Noppert, but Enner Valencia added a 1-1 draw to end the match with a 1-1 draw. 17:00 Tunisia vs Australia, 8 p.m. Poland Saudi Arabia at 11 p.m. France vs. Denmark at 2 a.m. Argentina vs. Mexico  
Australia beat Tunisia 1-0 at the 2022 World Cup.|Australia beat Tunisia 1-0 in Group D to secure all three points. The other 3 couples are waiting to win more, especially the late night pairs. Group C: Argentina vs Mexico at 02:00 today (26 November 2022) The first match of the 2022 FIFA World Cup today is in Group D. Australia National Team Australia led 1-0 in the 23rd minute before ending the first half on a high note. Australia almost took the lead several times but failed to seal the game, ending the game with a 1-0 win over Tunisia to secure three points from today's match. Next match at 8pm, Poland will face Saudi Arabia. In Group D, France v Denmark and late in Group C, Argentina v Mexico at 2pm.
Lee Seo retires at the age of 37 and plays his last match for Polithero.|Leeseo Theerathep Vinothai Announced his retirement at the age of 37 by playing in the Thai League at Polit Tero. The home opener against Nakhon Ratchasima is the last match of his football career. In Thai League today (27 November 2022), Polit Tero The home opener against Nakhon Ratchasima FC is at 7.00 p.m., which is the last match of Leeseo Theerathep Winothai's official football career. After he announced on Facebook that Leeseo Theerathep Winothai has been well-known in Thai football since his student days with Bangkok Christian School, before becoming a youth player for Crystal Palace F.C. and being included in the Thai SEA Games team since the age of 14 and leading the Thai national team to win the SEA Games gold medal 4 times in a row, including being one of the 17-year-old youth captains at the World Championships in New Zealand. In 1999, with his performances with the Thai senior national team, Lee Seo made 52 appearances for the national team and scored 16 goals. In the 2019 Asian World Cup qualifiers. In 2010, before losing 1-4 in that match and scoring against Manchester United on a tour of Thailand in 2013, Lisau is considered a very successful and experienced player, being one of the top players in Thailand, having played for BEC Tero. Sasana, Muangthong United, Bangkok Glass, Friends of the Police, Bangkok United, Chonburi FC and Polit Tero were the last clubs in his football career, scoring 95 goals in the Thai League. There's a lot of advertising, a lot of modeling. Currently, he is also a host and YouTuber and expects that after hanging up his stud Lee Seo will turn to work in the entertainment industry full-time, but it is still in the sports aspect, and it is not certain that in the future he may see Lee Seo return as the president of the football association as he had announced.
Messi scored twice as Argentina beat Mexico 2-0|The 2022 FIFA World Cup 2022 will be played in Qatar on Saturday, November 26, 2022, with four matches being played in Group C and D. Group C Argentina lost 2-1 to Saudi Arabia in the first game against Mexico, who drew 0-0 with Poland, and Argentina took a 1-0 lead in the 64th minute through Angel Gonzalez. Di Maria paid for Lionel Messi A beautiful shot three minutes before the end of the game from a short corner kick and it was Messi who passed the ball to Enzo. Fernandez Spin the ball in to score the winning goal. Mexico (2-0) took the first three points, equalling Diego Maradona and Cristiano Ronaldo's first three World Cup goals. It is stated that the Argentina players will play in a chill way. Because every game at the World Cup after this is like playing a final is unmissable, for the World Cup is the only major tournament Messi has not yet achieved. After just winning the Copa America 2021 for the first time in the same group. Saudi Arabia Against Poland before the game Saudi goalkeeper Mohammed Al-Owise lifted the shirt of defender Yasser Al-Shahrani, who suffered a serious injury in his clash with Al-Owais in the first game, and Poland took a 1-0 lead through Piotr Zelinski in the 39th minute of first-half injury time. Saudi Arabia There was a chance to equalise after Christian Bialik's penalty fouled a Saudi player, but Salem Al Dofsari was fouled by Saudi Arabia. Team Captain Woliciak Chesney and Al Buriak's penalty shoot-out was repeatedly followed but it didn't go past Chesney in the second half, but in the 82nd minute Almaghi's mistake allowed Robert Lewandowski to snatch the ball into Poland's winning streak. Saudi Arabia 2-0 and it was their first World Cup goal. In the final round, she even shed tears after scoring a goal for Group C. Poland leads the group with 4 points, 2nd place Argentina 3 points equal to Saudi Arabia. Mexico are one point in last place and all four teams will have to qualify for the final match, with Poland facing Argentina and Saudi Arabia facing Mexico next Wednesday night at 2 a.m. in Group D. France beat Australia 4-1 in their first game. Against Tunisia, who drew 0-0 with Denmark, the game came to light in the second half in the 61st minute when Teo Hernandez scored. Kylian Eppappe's cross gave France a 1-0 lead just seven minutes later from a corner kick. Eriksen Joachim Endersen headed Denmark into a 1-1 lead in the 86th minute. Mbappe scored seven goals in nine games at the World Cup, surpassing Henry, who scored six goals in 17 games in Group D. Australia v Tunisia Mitchell Duke of J2 Fagnano Okayama scored in the 23rd minute to help Australia beat Tunisia 1-0 to secure Australia's first World Cup victory in 12 years, dating back to Australia's 2010 World Cup win over Serbia and ending Australia's seven-match unbeaten streak at the World Cup. France v Tunisia and Denmark v Australia will both play together next Wednesday at 10pm.
Portugal and Brazil beat their ticket to the round of 16 of the World Cup.|Bruno Fernandes scored twice late in Portugal's win over Uruguay while Brazil's win over Switzerland secured their ticket to the second round of the World Cup in Qatar. Last night's World Cup (Nov. 28, 2022) featured a big match in Group H between Portugal, who beat Ghana in the first leg, and Uruguay, the two-time former world champions, who have just picked up one point from a draw. South Korea were 0-0 up until the second half and Portugal took a 1-0 lead through Bruno Fernandes' 54th-minute strike, then a penalty from Uruguayan defender Jose Jiminez in the 18-yard box. Portugal's 2-0 win over Uruguay secured six points from two games to secure a place in the last 16 despite having one match left in the first group match, South Korea v Ghana in the first 45 minutes. Salisu scored on the 24th minute and Mohammed Kudus on the 34th minute, and South Korea got Cho Kyu-sung on the second half. Two solo goals in the 58th and 61st minutes put the White Sox back in the game to make it 2-2, but then in the 68th minute it was Ghana who took the lead again from Kudus. And it was the winning goal for Ghana to win. South Korea went 3-2 in the final match of the group on Friday, December 2, 2022. Uruguay, Ghana and South Korea will all have a chance to qualify for the round of 16, Uruguay will face Ghana and South Korea will face Portugal. In Group G, Brazil beat Serbia 2-0 in the first leg, but Neymar suffered an ankle injury in the first leg against Switzerland, who beat Cameroon 1-0 in the first half. The first half ended in a draw. In the second half, Brazil went ahead and scored in the 83rd minute. Vinicius Drag the ball in front of the box and pass it to Rodigo, who crosses the ball. Casemiro scored a stunning cross to give Brazil a 1-0 lead, and in the 87th minute Brazil had a chance to add to a score from Rodico. Switzerland goalkeeper Jan Sommer ended Brazil's 1-0 win with six points. Guaranteed a place in the round of 16. Cameroon beat Switzerland 1-0 in their first game. Cameroon led 1-0 through a corner kick and Jean-Charles Cas-Telletto scored in the 29th minute, but Serbia came through with two goals in a row from Stra-Linja Pavlovic and Sergej Milinkovic. Serbia took a 3-1 lead at the end of the first half, but the turning point came in the 64th minute when the Czech Serbian defender made a mistake before Vincent Aboubaka slipped the ball over his head. Just two minutes later, Cameroon made it 3-3 thanks to another missed offside check by the Serbian defender, this time Vincent Aboubaka slipping in for Eric Choupo. Moting Don't miss a shot the rest of the time. Serbia drew 3-3 with Cameroon, both teams secured their first points at the World Cup. Brazil have already qualified despite having a game against Cameroon in the final match of the first round, with the Magpies with 1 point still have a chance to beat Brazil. While Switzerland have three points and will face Serbia with 1 point, both teams still have a chance to qualify for their final match on Friday night, December 2, 2022. The World Cup schedule today (29 November 2022) features four matches, starting with the final match of Group A between Netherlands and host Qatar. Filmed on True4U with Amarin and Ecuador v Senegal on Channel 8 at 10pm, followed by the final Group B match between Wales v England on True4U and USA v Iran on GMM25 at 2am. 
Germany beat Spain 1-1, Croatia beat Canada 4-1.|Germany, a four-time former world champion, narrowly escaped the first round. After a 1-1 draw with Spain seven minutes before the interval, while Croatia thrashed Canada 4-1, Belgium lost 2-0 to Morocco in the second leg of Group E between 2010 world champions Spain, who thrashed Costa Rica 7-0 in the first leg, against Germany, the four-time former world champions, who were hoping for revenge after a shock defeat to Japan in the first half. The Iron Eagles had a chance of being eliminated in the first round of the World Cup for the second time in a row, but then late in the game, the Iron Eagles' equaliser was successful in the 83rd minute through a Nikklas Falkrug shot. The match ended in a draw. In the other group match between Japan and Costa Rica, the confident "Samurai Blue" dominated most of the game, but in the end it was Costa Rica who throughout the 90 minutes had only one shot on target, but won 1-0 thanks to a Caysher Fuller goal in the 81st minute. The situation of this group is still a fun match in the final game, with Spain with 4 points at the top of the group. Japan and Costa Rica have the same 3 points. Spain will face Japan, while Germany will face Costa Rica on December 1 at 2:00 a.m. in Group F. Belgium, the second-placed team in the FIFA rankings, beat Canada in the first leg against Morocco, the African representatives, who drew 0-0 with Croatia. Sabiri 74th minute and Zakaria Abu Khlal scored in the second minute of injury time at Khalifa International Stadium, Croatia, runners-up from four years ago. Against Canada, the dark horses from the CONCACAF zone, it was Canada who quickly took the lead through Alfonso Davis' header just 68 seconds after the start of the game and the first Canada to achieve in a World Cup final. Croatia used their experience to recover four goals from Andre Kramarić in the 36th and 70th minutes, Marco Livaya in the 44th minute and Lovro Mayer in injury time, giving Croatia a 4-1 victory and making Canada the second team after Qatar. After losing two games in a row for their final group fixture, Morocco will face Canada and Belgium will need to pick up all three points against Croatia, both of which will kick off on Dec. 1 at 10 p.m. Today's match between Cameroon and Serbia starts at 5pm. South Korea vs Ghana 11.00pm Brazil vs Switzerland02.00 Portugal vs Uruguay 
The association prepares to hold a farewell match for "Theerathep Vinothai" 14 This December. |The association is preparing to hold a farewell match for "Theerathep Winothai" on behalf of the Thai national team, which will face the Chinese Taipei national team on December 14, 2022 today (December 1, 2022). The Football Association of Thailand prepares to hold a farewell match for "Leeseo" Theerathep Winothai on behalf of the Thai national team. In a warm-up match against Chinese Taipei national team on 14 December 2022, Theerathep Winothai is considered one of the legends of Thai football. No. 14 after being in the national team from under-17 to senior team and winning the championship. A 1-time King's Cup, 1 ASEAN U19 Championship and 4-time SEA Games gold medallist, Theerathep said, "First of all, thank you to the adults who saw the importance and arranged for me to participate in this game. Serving your country is always great. I am honored every time I have a name every time I am assigned. To represent the whole country. It's a big mission, Theerathep added, "I want all the younger generations to get a chance on behalf of the Thai national team. Do your best, because it's our honor. When we get the chance to be named in the alphabet, it's greatness for one person. Do your best. Don't worry about being blamed or insulted because we are representatives of the Thai people. Come and watch the game of the Thai national team. This will be my last match on behalf of the Thai national team and I want everyone to cheer for the national team. who are preparing the team for the ASEAN Championship. Theerathep Winothai will join the training team with the Thai national team. Team preparation kit for the ASEAN Championship They will play a warm-up game against Chinese Taipei on December 14 at 8.30 p.m. at Thammasat Stadium.  
Tunisia beat France 1-0 but were eliminated, Australia beat Denmark 1-0.|FIFA World Cup 2022 Group D Tunisia beat France but were eliminated while reigning champions Australia beat Denmark 1-0 to seal their ticket to the last 16 of the 2022 FIFA World Cup Group D at Education City Stadium in Al Rayyan, Qatar. Tunisia face reigning champions France in the first half. Tunisia played better than expected and just eight minutes later Tunisia scored the World Cup. From Nader's quick charging Gandri added a shot, but the lineman raised the flag for offside. Unfortunately, France had a chance to break through, but the final area was not sharp enough. The first half was tied 0-0.The second half saw Tunisia open the attack from the start and in the 58th minute took the lead when France's Youssouf Fofana missed the ball in the middle of the pitch and the ball went in the direction of Waby Khazri (Montpellier's centre). Dragged away from the French players before getting a chance to shoot beautifully. Tunisia took a 1-0 lead, then France struggled to equalise and scored in the 98th minute through Antoine Griezmann. The Atletico Madrid striker also ricocheted past the Tunisian defence. There was a signal from the VAR room, when the ball was checked, it was offside, forfeiting the goal from France to end the match time. Win the World Championship. France 1-0 but not good enough to be eliminated in the first round. Despite the loss, they are still group champions, advancing to the round of 16 with the other result in the same group. Australia, representing Asia, faces Denmark in red. Both teams played tight in the first half but Denmark had more attacking chances, but the Australian defence did not miss a 0-0 draw in the first half, but in the second half Australia responded by setting up a counter-attack until Matthew Leckie scored in the 60th minute. The Melbourne City striker took a chance from half the pitch to take a 1-0 lead. And this is Leckie's first goal. With 90 minutes left without a goal, Australia beat Denmark 1-0 to qualify as group runners-up, while Denmark were eliminated from the group standings. After collecting 6 points from 2 matches. However, the reigning champions qualified as group champions due to better goal difference of 4, while Tunisia with 4 points and Denmark with only one point were eliminated. Argentina face Australia on Dec. 3 at 2 a.m., France vs. Poland on Dec. 4 at 10 p.m. The final match of Group F starts at 10pm. Croatia v Belgium. Canada v Morocco at 2pm. Japan v Spain. Germany v Costa Rica.
"Association - Buriram United" creates a new generation of "war elephants" Aiming for 3 years of Top 10 in Asia|The Association joins hands with Buriram United to create a new generation of "War Elephants" Aim for 3 years to be in the Top 10 in Asia today (2 Dec 2022) 2022 10.00 a.m. Meeting Room, 1st Floor, Football Association of Thailand Office Maj. Gen. Dr. Somyos Poompanmuang President of the Association and Nevin Chidchob President of Buriram United, Patit Supapong Secretary General, Carles Romagosa, Technical Director of the Thai National Team, Chanchanok Chidchob, Manager of the Thai National Team Under-18s and Milos Velebit Head Coach Under-18 joined the press conference to build a new generation of Thai national team Aiming for 3 years to become Asia's Top 10, Maj. Gen. Dr. Somyos Poompanmuang said that according to the Football Association of Thailand under the Patronage of His Majesty the King, Member clubs are open to propose plans to develop the sport of football in order to maximize the benefits of raising the level of the Thai national football team. All age groups are able to participate effectively in international football competitions. Build Thailand's reputation Pol Gen Somyot also said that as you know, athletes between the ages of 18 and 20 are an important stage for footballers to become professional players or leave the industry. Buriram, which is known to be outstanding in its strict control of athletic discipline. Fitness, nutrition, training. All of these things will result in the Thai national team. The association and Buriram United Club have reached an agreement to create a Thai national team to enter the Asian Football Championship. The goal is to be one of the top 10 in Asia, with Chanchanok Chidchob as the manager of the Thai national team and Milos Velebit as the national team manager. The Serbian coach is the head coach of the Thai national team. Such a set will be created with a new working concept with a clear goal. The Thai national team has an important team building concept consisting of selflessness, ethics, responsibility, positive attitude, discipline, mental state, hard work and unity, which will be the basis for Thai players to upgrade and develop their pace. There are 4 steps to the process: - CHANGE CHANGE IN MENTAL, PHYSICAL AND TECHNICAL DEVELOPMENT- KINGS OF ASEAN Bringing the Thai national team back to where it should be and delighting football fans- JUMP Moving forward with standards to challenge Asia's top nations such as Japan and South Korea- CONSISTENCY Consistency is key In order to develop football in the long term and play on a global scale as a stepping stone for future players, the team preparation will be open for testing of athletes, which will start from December 2022 onwards. All athletes will be collected at Buriram United Club's camp under close supervision from the coaching staff and trained in football skills. In an environment with facilities International standards such as training grounds, playing fields, accommodation for self-isolation, fitness, swimming pools, nutrition, as well as discipline and lifestyle on and off the field, etc. This series includes Milos Velebit. Head coach and Stojan Valan Head Fitness Coach Milos Velebit Profile The Serbian head coach has held a UEFA Pro License since 2011, having been a footballer with the Yugoslavia Under-17 and Under-19 national teams. Coach of Serbia and Montenegro U172007-2008 Assistant Coach Al Ahly SC (Saudi Arabia)2008-2009 Coach: FC Banat (Serbia)2009-2010 Head Coach Football Association Serbia U162010-2011 Coach FC Sloboda (Serbia)2011-2012 Head of Speaker, Football Association Serbia 2012 National Team Coach Kuwait2012-2013 Head Coach FC Smederevo (Serbia)2013-2015 Head Coach Academy FC Jagodina2014-2015 Serbia U192015-2016 Head Coach Al Shabab (Kuwait)2016-2018 Head Coach Serbia U192018-2019 Coach FC Gandhi (Greece)2019 Head Coach Azerbaijan national team U172021 Head Coach Azerbaijan U19 
Japan beat Spain 2-1 to clinch the World Cup, Germany beat Costa Rica 4-2 in doubles.|Japan shocked the world again. They beat Spain 2-1 to reach the last 16 of the World Cup. Germany, meanwhile, beat Costa Rica 4-2 but it was not enough to qualify. Spain vs Japan were eliminated from the 2022 World Cup last night, with Spain at the top of the table needing a draw to qualify for the tournament, while Japan forced a one-place win just 11 minutes into the game, with Spain taking the lead first thanks to Alvaro Morata's header but in the second half Japan quickly equalised in the 48th minute from Risu Doan. The ball ran beautifully into the goal and just three minutes later, the "Samurai Blue" player shocked the world again. When they took a 2-1 lead from Risudań. The ball escaped the Spanish defence at the back line and it was Kaoru Mitoma who collected the ball into the middle. Ao Tanaka slammed the ball into the goal with his knee and a VAR check was done before Tanaka fired the ball off the back line. Japan beat Spain 2-1 to secure three crucial points to qualify for the other group match, Germany vs Costa Rica, the first match in the World Cup. The final round was attended by an all-female team of judges. Headed by Stephanie Frapar Just 10 minutes into the game, the French referee took a 1-0 lead through Serge Gnabry in the second half. Tejeda in the 58th minute and Juan Pablo Vargas in the 70th minute gave Costa Rica a 2-1 lead, but Germany rallied through Kai Havertz. Nicklas Falkrug scored twice in the 73rd and 85th minutes before Niklas Falkrug scored in the 89th minute to give Germany a 4-2 win over Costa Rica. Germany eliminated in first round of World Cup For the second time in a row, Costa Rica have three points. Last place in Group H: 10pm South Korea vs Portugal Group H: 10pm Ghana Uruguay Group G: 02:00 Cameroon vs Brazil Group G: 02:00 Serbia vs SwitzerlandRead related news: Morocco vs Croatia qualify for 2022 FIFA World Cup Group F final
England thrashed Senegal 3-0 to reach the last eight of the 2022 World Cup.|England reached the last eight of the 2022 World Cup with a comfortable 3-0 win over Senegal on Dec. 4, 2022. World Cup Round of 16 at Albay Stadium in Doha England will play against Senegal in this game, England will be without Raheem Sterling who flew back to England immediately. After the news that the unsub broke into the house. In the 38th minute, England took a 1-0 lead through Jude Bellingham passing the ball to Jordan Henderson. The Liverpool midfielder scored in first-half injury time. England used a counter-attack and took a 2-0 lead through Harry Kane, who scored his first goal of the World Cup in the second half. Arsenal winger game over. England beat Senegal 3-0 to reach the last eight after England fans in London and Doha celebrated their victory as they still have a chance to win a second World Cup. England fans were pleased with the team's excellent performance at this World Cup, especially in attack. England have scored 12 goals in this tournament, including six against Iran, three against Wales and three in this match, equalling the 2018 record they reached the semi-finals and 11 more than in 1966 when they won the World Cup.
Croatia won 3-1 on penalties, Japan fought hard to qualify for the round of 16 of the 2022 World Cup.|At the 2022 FIFA World Cup, Croatia beat Japan 3-1 on penalties, resulting in the Samurai Blues being eliminated from the last 16 on Dec. 5, 2022. FIFA World Cup 2022 Round of 16 The first match starts at 10 p.m. Japan vs Croatia, runners-up of the world from 4 years ago. There is no main centre-half Ko Itakura, who plays every minute. In the first 3 games due to a ban for accumulating yellow cards. Arsenal defender Takehiro Tomiyasu was replaced by two cards, but there was little bad news when Takefusa Kubo missed training due to injury and had to check his fitness before being sent off while Croatia were in good condition. There were no injuries and suspensions, and out of the three games in the first round with 11 changes, only one starter. As a result, Croatia will likely use the same players to play again. The team is led by three key forces in midfield, Luca. Modric, the 2018 Ballon d'Or winner, Marcelo Brozovic and Mateo Kovacic opened the first half as Daizen Maeda gave Japan the lead in the 43rd minute, but Croatia equalised in the 55th minute through Ivan Perisic before the game ended 1-1. Japan made three of four saves from the Croatia goalkeeper to give Croatia a 3-1 win. Croatia have had the better of winning 1-0 in 1998 and drawing 0-0 in 2006, while Japan have reached the last 16 three times but have never gone beyond this round, with the closest chance coming four years ago at the World Cup in Russia. Argentina beat Australia 2-1 in last 8 Brazil beat South Korea in the round of 16 of the 2022 World Cup 
2 Thai women win 3 golds and 3 silvers in World Weightlifting Championships  |2 Thai women power won 3 golds and 3 silver medals. World Weightlifting Championships in Colombia today (6 December 2022) Amateur Weightlifting Association of Thailand Report on the results of the World Weightlifting Championships in Bogota Colombia from December 5-16, 2022, which is the list of points for the 2024 Olympic Games, Paris Games. France by 2 young powerhouses, namely Thoronthorn Sukcharoen and Sirivimon. Fishing to win medals The results showed that more than 2 Thai women powerhouse made their debut to win the first gold medal in the 45 kg class, starting with Snatch Thoronthorn, who called for iron at 77, 79 and 82 kilograms respectively. Passed brilliantly on all 3 occasions and won the gold medal. It was the first medal of this competition and the first gold medal for the Thai army. Fetching 74, 76 and 78 kilograms of iron, they all went through it as well, earning a silver medal. The bronze medal went to Manula Andrea Berrio Suluaga of Colombia (77kg). The Thai power lord summoned the most iron, came out to raise the last 2 by Sirivimon. Called 94, 99, 102 kilograms, lifted all passed, won the gold medal, Thornthorn called 2 irons, the first time at 95, 100 kilograms, lifted them all, then the last time called iron at 103 kilograms, hoping to overtake to win the gold medal, but failed to lift, making the record at 100 kilograms to receive the silver medal. The bronze medal went to Manula Andrea Berrio Suluaga of Colombia 93 kilograms in the total weight of 93 kilograms, the gold medal went to Thoronthorn 182 kilograms, the silver medal was 180 kilograms by Sirivimon, and the bronze medal was won by Manula Andrea Berrio Suluaga of Colombia in the 170 kilograms. Sirivimon won 1 gold medal and 2 silver medals in the roundup of the Thai powerhouse at the World Weightlifting Championships in Bogota. Colombia has won 3 gold and 3 silver medals. Mr. Anat Wiserajana Women's Team Manager He revealed that the debut of 3 gold medals and 3 silver medals is considered to boost the morale of the Thai army as well. For the lifting of Thoronthorn and Sirivimon, it is considered that both of them have done a very good job, most importantly, thanks to the Thai supporters who live in Colombia. who came to cheer on the sidelines. After this, there are still many Thai weightlifters competing for generations for Thai sports fans to cheer for the competition program of other Thai weightlifters. You can watch it live on (live only in Group A). 
Set "Theerathon" captain of the Thai national team to defend the ASEAN Cup title.  |Appointed "Theerathon Boonmathan" as captain of the Thai national team. Defending ASEAN Champion "Madame Pang" emphasized that there is only one goal: to defend the championship. Today (6 December 2022) "Madam Pang" Nuanpan Lamsam, manager of the Thai national team. Calling up the defending ASEAN champions in the middle of the month. This December. Report to the police led by Theerasin. Dangda, Sarat Yuyen and Krisda Kaman In addition, Um Theerathon Boonmathan was appointed. The left-back from Buriram is the captain of the team and he will join his teammates tomorrow. (Dec 7) The defending ASEAN Championship will be a challenging task for head coach Mano Polking as he will be without two core players from the Japanese J-League, Chanathip Songkrasin from Kawasaki Fontane and Supachok. Sarachart from Consadole Sapporo including 4 players sent by Buriram to Leicester City for training, led by Suphanat Duengta, and decided to call Teerasak Phimai Port FC's long-term striker from the under-23 team, Sivakorn Tiatrakul has previously withdrawn from the senior national team. After a disturbing injury, Mano. It is clear that everyone has had good performances in the league in the past and it is a mix of players who have already had experience in this report as well as new players who are emerging as the future of the team. Admit that there is pressure because this time the Thai national team collected the slowest Returning to home and away matches will be a difficult task, but he urged all players to stay focused on their goal of defending the title. The Thai national team, training together for the first time, continues to focus on recovery. After all, everyone has just passed the agency service program after this. The Thai national team will have two warm-up matches against Myanmar. On December 11, they will face Taiwan on December 14 at Thammasat University Rangsit Stadium at 8.30 p.m., while in the ASEAN Championship, Thailand is in Group A with the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia and Brunei, with the first leg against Brunei on December 20. Competition in Malaysia
Cheerleading team representing Thailand won the gold medal. Japan Tournament |It can be said that Thai children are not beaten by any nation in the world ever. The cheerleading team from Daruna Ratchaburi School won the gold medal of the cheerleading team from Daruna Ratchaburi School. REPRESENTING THAILAND WON THE GOLD MEDAL AT THE JAPAN OPEN CHEERLEADING CHAMPIONSHIP IN TOKYO, JAPAN. On December 3-4, 2022. The cheerleading team from Daruna Ratchaburi School is considered to have made a reputation for Thailand. At the 2022 ICU JUNIOR WORLD & world cheerleading championships in the United States, he won the silver medal. World Runners-up Come back to leave the whole country with FB source: Chaiyasit Prampro
View player stats on the pitch in real time with FIFA AR technology.|The FIFA+ app has augmented reality features that allow fans to never miss out on all players' stats live, see them like watching a match on TV, and enhance the viewing experience like never before in football. "Only those who participate in the tournament in person can access the FIFA+ Stadium Experience application," said a post shared by ESPN FC (@espnfc). Users can point their smartphone's camera at the field. Each player can view information such as movement speed, time, stats, replay. The information of each person, AR technology can be useful for spectators in the stadium who can check the play and are not sure if the referee has made the right decision, as reported, but some viewers have complained that AR technology can confuse viewers and not focus on the game as much as they should. In the future, AR technology may be used in other sports as well, for fun and detailed information for spectators to compete.Source: engadget petapixel
SAT governor insists on complying with must-carry rule - waiting for 600 million recall letter|The governor of the SAT insists on following the must-carry rule. We are now waiting for an official letter and ready to clarify further issues after the NBTC board resolved to restore 600 million baht. Sponsorship fee to purchase World Cup broadcasting rights Within 15 days, progress of the NBTC board case. Unanimously voted 6 to 0 for the Sports Authority of Thailand (SAT). Cash back 600 million baht To support the cost of purchasing broadcast rights for the World Cup final. 2022, within 15 days of a "black screen" issue with a group of pay TV viewers. Today (9 Dec 2022) SAT Governor Kongsakd Yodmani said he is currently waiting for an official letter from the NBTC. Following the news that the NBTC board passed a resolution yesterday (Dec 8), which must wait to see when the letter arrives, the SAT will have any issues that need to be answered further, Mr. Kongsakd said that he had previously answered about the implementation of the memorandum of agreement and was ready to clarify further because he was confident in the implementation of various actions. Read related news Board Resolution NBTC reclaims 600 million World Cup royalties from SAT 
England players bring home stray cats "Dave" instead of World Cup|Kyle Walker and John Stones 2 England's players are unable to bring home the 2022 World Cup trophy, but they are preparing to take Dave. A stray cat from Qatar returned to the country instead. FIFA World Cup 2022 in Qatar England are led by Kyle Walker and John Stones, two of Man City's players. Get ready to take Dave. Dave, a stray cat who lives at the hotel where England stayed during the World Cup in Qatar, was a stray cat who loved cats. Brought him food and bought walkers a collar. John Stone gave it the name "Dave" and the two often posted pictures of Dave on Instagram, leading to a trend of Take Dave Home to bring him home to England. Leaving the hotel with Dave, there is a video of the officer taking Dave to the vet for blood tests and vaccinations. He then appealed to Qatar's animal welfare agency to take Dave back to England as the England players prepare to return home with Dave. World Cup Champion After they were eliminated in the last 8 at the hands of their former champions, France were warmly welcomed by the hotel staff. Antoine Griezmann seems to be having more fun than his friends. After France beat England 2-1 to advance to the semi-finals, Morocco have conceded the fewest goals in the competition with just one goal in five important games. First playoffs: Argentina vs Croatia on 13 December at 02.00 Live on True Foryou and Old Champ France vs Morocco on December 14 at 2:00 p.m. Croatia beat Brazil 4-2 to secure their ticket to the quarter-finals of the World Cup.
"Panipak" wins the championship Taekwondo World Grand Prix Final|"Tennis" Panipak Wongpattanakit Won the Taekwondo World Grand Prix Final, the last circuit of the year in Saudi Arabia. With a 2-0 win over his old rival from Turkey today (10 December 2022). Riyadh 2022 World Grand Prix Final in Saudi Arabia In the final tournament of the year, "Tennis" Panipak Wongpattanakit, Thailand's only representative in the women's 49kg class, is back in the finals after missing out on the semi-finals at last month's World Championships. Meet Merv Dinzel The Turkish athlete who won the 3rd round of the Taekwondo World Grand Prix in Manchester, England. Use your balls to kick your head. Dinzel got 3 times, but was kicked and was cut off. Panipak tried to walk to find a rhythm to score points, but the points did not rise until the kick was handed in the last 40 seconds, starting with pedaling and kicking the head 2 times, scoring another 9 to 0 win, resulting in a 2-0 win to win her 2nd World Grand Prix Final, along with receiving more than 200,000 baht in prize money and collecting 100 points, becoming her 5th title this year from 8 competitions. This championship is the first championship that Coach Che or Chatchai Che, who has just received a Thai ID card as a Thai coach, led the Thai Taekwondo team to win a major championship. 
"Adams" Captain America visits the floating ball field on Panyee Island.|Tyler Adams, Captain America. The U.S. national team traveled to Panyee Island, Phang Nga province and showed off their football skills with children on a floating ball court. United States midfielder Tyler Adams beat Netherland 3-1 and was eliminated in the round of 16. At the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar, Tyler Adams was on holiday in Thailand with his family, posting a photo on Instagram tyler.adams while relaxing and kicking a soccer match with the kids at a floating football stadium. On Panyee Island, Phang Nga Province, Adams traveled to the floating ball stadium to promote tourism in Thailand, leading British media like Metro UK to admire the wonders of this football stadium, considered the most beautiful scene in the world, and also received praise from non-profit organizations, encouraging people to turn to football around the world for Tyler Adams, a sculptor of New York Red Bull in the Majors. He joined Leipzig in Germany and then Leeds United, where he became the youngest U.S. captain in 72 years at the age of 23 to lead the team to the first World Cup of his life after a vacation in Thailand. Adams is set to return to help Leeds compete in the English Premier League on Boxing Day. The home opener is against Manchester City on December 29.
Messi scored 1-for-1 to lead Argentina to the final. World Cup|Lionel Messi scored 1-for-1 to lead Argentina to a 3-0 win over Croatia to reach their first World Cup final. In the 2022 semi-finals, Argentina met runners-up Croatia in the first half. Alvarez slipped into the box before being fouled by Croatia goalkeeper Dominik Livakovic and Lionel Messi took a penalty to give Argentina a 1-0 lead in the 34th minute and Messi's fifth goal to share the lead with France's Kylian Mbappe in the 39th minute. Julian Alvarez dribbled from the middle of the pitch past a Croatian defender to give Argentina a 2-0 lead in the first half. Alvarez scored his second goal of the match and Alvarez's fourth. At the end of the World Cup, Argentina beat Croatia 3-0 to clear their eyes. After losing 3-0 to Croatia in the group stage of the 2018 World Cup, Argentina qualified for a third World Cup final and Lionel Messi's first World Cup title at the age of 35. Argentina were runners-up in 2014 when Argentina lost to Germany in extra time thanks to Mario Gertze's winning goal.
 France do not underestimate Morocco hope to win World Cup|Tonight, the reigning champions France meet Morocco. The history-making African team reached the semi-finals. The 2022 World Cup, despite being in strong form, France did not underestimate the defence of reigning champions Morocco. France under Didier Deschamps The team showed signs of fatigue against England, but there were no injuries. No one has been banned by France captain Hugo Lloris. Morocco is a very good team in this competition and not because of absolute luck to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup. Morocco showed incredible performances by knocking out both Spain and Portugal and becoming the first African nation to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup. They also have a good unbeaten record this time, conceding only one goal, but Morocco's condition is now fairly scappy. This game also needs to check Romain's fitness. Saiss, Hakim Ziyech and Avram Hakimi Again, whether he will be ready to play in this important match. But if nothing goes wrong, it will all be sent off the pitch, of course, as Morocco fans in Doha are in full swing, with flights previously being added to facilitate fans to fly. Thousands of fans queued up to get tickets to the game. Al Janouf has been waiting since night, the BBC reported, with 13,000 free tickets available to fans for the semi-finals. The match is expected to have 20,000 Moroccan fans in attendance for the last five matches against France. Better done, 3 wins, 2 draws and never lost. France have won 7 and drawn 3 and Morocco have won only once in 1963, nearly 60 years before the World Cup semi-final between France and Morocco kicks off tonight at 2am.
"Theerathep" farewell to the stadium End of service to the Thai national team |"Lee Seo" Theerathep Vinothai The perfect end to his life. After playing as captain of the Thai national team, despite losing 1-0 to Taiwan in a warm-up game before preparing the team for the ASEAN Championship. At Thammasat University Stadium, Rangsit Thailand National Team ASEAN Championship Defending Squad 2nd warm-up match against Taiwan national team Lee Seo was given the opportunity by Thailand head coach Mano Polking to start in the starting 11 and wear the captain's armband amid the supporters who came to cheer in the 14th minute, which matches the shirt number Lee Seo has always worn for the national team. The fans in the stadium applauded and cheered for Lee Seo. He was substituted in the 28th minute and replaced junior striker Parmej Ajvilai. He ended his career perfectly at half-time. Maj. Gen. Somyot Poompanmuang The president of the Football Association thanked Lee Seo for his service to the national team in the past and presented him with a souvenir of the Thai national team jersey along with 2 unique stud shoes that Lee Seo wore in the past. Thailand is in Group A alongside the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia and Brunei Darussalam, with the first leg against Brunei on December 20. Competition in Malaysia
Accident! South Korean jet ski player dies while competing at World Championships in Thailand |Sad news for sports "Sung Won Kim" South Korean jet skier riding jet ski crashes into floating wave and dies During the Water Jet World Grand Prix 2022 in Pattaya. On 17 Dec 2022 Reporters reported that there was an accident and a loss for the sport. When a South Korean jet ski rider crashes into a floating wave, the boat falls to his death. During the World Championships Water Jet World Grand Prix 2022 in Pattaya Paramedics and rescuers assisted Sung Won Kim, 40, a South Korean jet ski athlete who was involved in an accident at a jet ski competition. After he got his trusty jet ski out of the starting line, he couldn't get far. During the first corner, the South Korean racer's jet ski crashed into the waves so violently that his body splashed into the water, and the jet ski drifted out into the sea. Although the safety team rushed to the hospital to rescue the athlete who was unconscious, it appeared that the athlete had a cardiac arrest. Initially, no wounds or organs were found. He was presumed to have died from asphyxiation due to being in the water for a long time. Initially, the race management department has not yet clarified the incident. There is still one day left in the tournament, which is today, December 18. 
Messi leads Argentina with World Cup trophy|Argentina captain Lionel Messi Led the blue and white team to arrive at hometown with a crowd of football fans waiting to welcome them. Meanwhile, the Argentine government has designated today (Dec. 20) as a special national holiday to celebrate the World Cup title today (Dec. 20, 2022). Argentina captain Lionel Messi, winner of the 2022 FIFA World Cup Player of the Year award, and coach Lionel Scaloni arrived in Buenos Aires, Argentina, carrying the trophy from the plane amid tens of thousands of supporters who were waiting for their hero's return at the Obelis monument in Buenos Aires, the center of the celebrations. The president of the Argentine Football Association celebrated this achievement by winning the Argentina World Cup. Argentina fans have been waiting for the third World Cup for more than 36 years, having won it twice in 1978 and 1986, when Argentina's government declared today (Dec. 20) a holiday for the entire nation to celebrate the World Cup. France beat France on penalties to win 3rd World Cup 2022 FIFA World Cup final Argentina vs France
"War Elephants" rest 1 day before preparing for the team against the Philippines on December 26|Mano Polking Head Coach of Thailand National Team Plan to rest the team for 1 day after returning to Thailand and then prepare to compete against Team Philippines on December 26, 2022. 7.30 p.m. at Thammasat Stadium today (21 December 2022) At 4:00 p.m., the Thailand men's national football team returned to Thailand after playing their first game against Brunei in Malaysia. First game of AFF Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2022 Thailand National Team They beat Brunei 5-0 to move up to the top of the group after the first game. Polking The head coach of the Thai national team said that the return trip today was interrupted by a plane delay that caused many players to experience fatigue, so they were given a one-day break from training and after that they will prepare all the athletes for the next game by following Cambodia's play against the Philippines. Obviously, Cambodia is doing a good job. Meanwhile, the Philippines already has some information. Believe that this game will be fun and want the fans to cheer to give an advantage to the team in the next match. Thailand vs Philippines at Thammasat Stadium on 26 December 2022 19.30 hrs.
Thailand wins rights to broadcast "ASEAN Cup"|After leaving the fans to win for a long time. Recently, Thailand has won the rights to broadcast the ASEAN Cup and will make its debut live nationwide. Thailand vs Philippines tomorrow (26 Dec 22) At 19.30 on 24 Dec 2022 A meeting of 3 parties, including the Sports Authority of Thailand, the Football Association and representatives from Sport Five, the copyright holders, was held to find a suitable spot on the price of broadcast royalties for the ASEAN Cup. Thailand is trying to request a reduction from the previous set of 2.2 million U.S. dollars or about 76 million baht, covering all 26 matches that are being played. After more than 3 hours of tense negotiations, it was concluded that Thailand had bought the rights to broadcast the ASEAN football tournament. With a cheaper price of 1.6 million U.S. dollars or about 55 million baht, but with the condition that the copyright that Thailand has will be broadcast live via TV on Channel 9 MCOT HD and "T-Sport" only. It cannot be taken online while Mr. Panthawat Naqvisut Lottery Plus Owner He revealed that he decided to buy the ASEAN Cup license this time because he wanted to give it as a New Year's gift to Thai people at the end of the year to be happy. And hopefully the Thai national team can win another title for the first match. There will be a game that the Thai national team will play at the stadium. Thammasat University-Rangsit vs Philippines on Monday night at 7.30 p.m.
Chelsea beat Bournemouth 2-0 in the Premier League|Chelsea have won all three points. Manchester United beat Bournemouth 2-0 thanks to goals from Kai Havertz and Mason Mount while Manchester United beat Nottingham Forest 3-0 in the 2022-2023 Premier League last night (27 December 2022). Chelsea opened Stamford Bridge with a 2-0 win over Bournemouth with goals from Kai Havertz in the 16th minute and Mason Mount in the 24th minute, increasing Chelsea's lead to 24 points to eighth, Bournemouth with 16. 14th Manchester United Goals from Marcus Rashford in the 19th minute, Anthony Martial in the 23rd minute and Fred in the 87th minute moved United to fifth with 29 points from 15 matches, just one point behind fourth-placed Spurs, who have played one game less.
Futsal League Final! "Port Authority" Sew Champ beat Kasem Bundit 5-1|Futsal Thai League 2022 Matchday 26 matches closed the season, played simultaneously on all 7 courts, as ASM defeated Kasem Bundit FC 5-1 with 66 points from 26 matches to win the championship. On 25 Dec 2022 Futsal Thai League 2022 Matchday 26 matches to close the season, played simultaneously in all 7 stadiums, highlighted at Warehouse Stadium, Khlong Toei "Little Table Singh Klong Toey" Port Authority ASM, who won the championship this season, of course, played against "Small Table Kid Romklao" Kasem Bundit FC, the 12th team that still has to escape relegation in the final game, the result of the match showed that Port Authority ASM beat Kasem Bundit FC 5-1 by Port ASM with goals from Piyapan Eamwilai from the 2nd minute, Dechpakin Puttanan 5th minute, Ryan Gomes 16th minute, Chaiwat Chaem Kraeng scored in the 27th minute, Jesada Chudej in the 38th minute, Kasem Bundit scored from Keerati Jongsatsatsatsatien in the 40th minute, and the other pair that influenced the relegation escape. Blue Wave Chonburi beat NT Futsal Club 10-4. Finished in 19 points, relegated to Chase Mahasarakham with 1 point, Kasem Bundit FC despite losing to Port Authority ASM, but still survived relegation for other results. Royal Navy drew with Thai Army Futsal 2-2, Bangkok BTS lost to Black Pearl United 2-4, Ratchabhat Phetchaburi H3 defeated Chase Mahasarakham 9-1, Nonthaburi lost to Thammasat Stallion 0-4, Thakham Cold Storage defeated Surat Thani 4-1. They have 66 points from 26 matches. Tha Kham Cold Storage has 62 points by ASM Port Authority. Win the Futsal Thai League 2022 with a prize fund of 3,000,000 baht and earn a quota to compete in the Asian Futsal Club Championship. Runners-up Thakham Cold Storage received 1,500,000 baht prize money and quota to the ASEAN Futsal Club Championship. Meanwhile, No. 3 Black Pearl United received 1,000,000 baht in prize money and various honors in Futsal Thai League 2022.Best Goalkeeper: Nattapong Yeemaherb (Port Authority ASM)Best Player: Itticha Prapapan (Port Authority ASM) Goalscorer: Fabrizio 30 Goals (Thammasat Stallion) Best Coach: "Coach Sniff" NT Futsal Club and Chase Mahasarakham are relegated to the 2023 Futsal Championship. Pattaya Futsal Club and Northeastern Thailand Promoted to Futsal Thai League 2023
Do the right thing! Vietnam ASEAN Cup penalty shootout |It has also been the subject of controversy among football fans with the penalty shootout of the Vietnam national team that was awarded from outside the game. Off-field area of Malaysian players in ASEAN Cup Big Match yesterday (27 December 2022)  While the IFAB clearly stated that the referee did it correctly on Dec. 27, 2022. ASEAN Football Cup Big Match Group B Game Vietnam Open House Win Malaysia went 3-0 with the game quite hot. When one player was sent off with a red card, the issue caused a lot of controversy among supporters. It came in the 59th minute of the match as Vietnam led 1-0. Attacked by Vietnamese players during clearance. Azmi then went outside the game and smashed his opponent in the face before getting out of the scene where the referee was informed by the lineman, before blowing a foul to stop the game and handing Azmi a red card to kick Azmi off the pitch immediately and award a penalty to the Vietnamese team. The fans were confused throughout the stadium later. The International Football Association Committee (IFAB), referring to rule 12.4, clearly states that referees can immediately award penalties. If the incident occurred around the penalty area of the offender, then the verdict of Ryoji Sato The Japanese referee and his team have followed the rules for the Thai national team to play in the ASEAN Cup. An important match against Indonesia tomorrow (29 December 2022) At 4:00 p.m. local time Amid pressure from more than 50,000 local fans, a group of Thai supporters led by "Aunt Lim" Wirulah Wichiarawattanachai who came to cheer for Indonesia also admitted to taking maximum security precautions. If you look back at the statistics that the pair have met in this competition in all 14 matches, it is the Thai national team that is very superior, winning 10 matches, drawing 1 game and losing only 3 games. 
Manchester City Leeds United beat Leeds United 3-1 |Manchester City continued their hot streak with a 3-1 win over Leeds United in the Premier League, with Haaland scoring two solo goals in the match. 15th-placed Leeds United open their home game against reigning champions Manchester City and Manchester City took a 1-0 lead in first-half stoppage time through Rodri's first-half striker. Two more goals came in the 51st and 64th minutes, while Leeds got a shallow goal from Pascal Sateraic in the 73rd minute but couldn't keep up. Manchester City beat Leeds 3-1 to extend their lead to 35 points and reclaim the top spot from Newcastle and move five points clear of Arsenal. When becoming a footballer who has scored 20 goals in the Premier League. Kevin Phillips has scored 21 games, Fernando Torres (27), Alan Shearer (29) and Haaland's 20 goals. possible It also puts him seven goals ahead of Spurs captain Harry Kane, second in the scorer standings.
The world mourns the death of Brazilian football legend Pele.|Football around the world mourns Brazilian football legend Pele who died of cancer at the age of 82 last night. Today (30 Dec 2022) There are reports of sad news of end-of-year football. Brazilian legend Pele died peacefully at the age of 82 last night while hospitalized. After a long battle with colon cancer, the news has caused grief for Brazilians across the country as famous footballers around the world have been able to find their way through the world. Brazilian superstar Neymar hailed Pele as the player who made Brazil's No.10 shirt meaningful to the nation and set the stage for Brazil to become the greatest in football. Win the World Championship Cristiano Ronaldo posted a photo on Instagram with a short message wishing Pele rest in peace with Portugal striker Cristiano Ronaldo. "Pele's passing has caused grief for football around the world and condolences to all Brazilians, ending with Kylian Mbappe. Posting on Instagram, he wrote: "The king of football is gone. Pele is the first and only footballer at this time to win three World Cups and holds an unbeatable record at a World Cup. By being the youngest player to score a goal. (17 years 239 days), He scored a hat-trick (17 years 244 days) and scored in the final (17 years 249 days), but the only regret for Pele is that he never had a chance to play in Europe. 
"Sarah" Thailand beat Indonesia 1-1 in ASEAN Cup|"Sarach Yuyen" scored an important goal to lead the 10-man Thai national team to a 1-1 draw with Indonesia. As a result, Thailand got 7 points from 3 matches to stay at the top of the pack. Today (29 Dec 2022) The remaining 10-man Thai national team broke the points. Indonesia won 1-1 in the ASEAN Cup with a crucial goal from "Sarach Yuyen", with the draw giving Thailand 7 points from 3 matches to stay at the top of the group with the same points as Indonesia. When he had the opportunity and had the box, he immediately fired, emphasizing the direction on target, and luckily the ball ricocheted off the Indonesian defenders and the 10-man play, thanks to his teammates who remained faithful and fought until the last minute. Everyone works hard and knows it's not an easy game. Everyone tried to concentrate and play in the game, we were ahead but we fought until the last minute for the Ultra Garuda fans of Indonesia. Threaten the Thai national team players After arriving at Gelora Bungano Stadium before today's match began, the fans jumped and smashed the bus window, shouting insults and setting off flares, prompting security guards, including police and the military, to take security very seriously. The final match of the group stage of the Thai national team will be played at Thammasat University Rangsit Stadium against Cambodia on January 2 at 7.30 pm.
"Manchester City" Chelsea beat Chelsea 4-0 to reach FA Cup fourth round|English FA Cup Manchester City continue to show their performance. Chelsea thrashed Chelsea 4-0 to reach the fourth round. Chelsea have lost six of their last eight games on January 8, 2023. English FA Cup Manchester City vs Chelsea The pair met in the Premier League on Wednesday. Just 23 minutes into the game, City took the lead thanks to Riyad Mahrez's stunning free-kick and Kai Havertz in the 30th minute. Chelsea's attacker Deliberately flick the ball when defending a corner. The referee checks the VAR before blowing a penalty and Julian Alvarez The Argentina striker, who won the World Cup, scored to give Man City a 2-goal lead. Going into the 38th minute, the "Blue Sailors" played even more confidently until they scored another goal. From Phil Foden's low shot from the six-yard box in the second half, Kalidou Koulibaly fouled Phil Foden. The referee blew a penalty again and Riyad Mahrez scored to seal City's 4-0 thrashing of Chelsea to beat Chelsea for the second time in three days. Under Graeme Potter They have lost six of their last eight games while the FA Cup fourth round draw is complete, with Tottenham Hotspur away to Preston. North End and Manchester United face a light task. When they open Old Trafford against Reading, teams in the relegation zone from the Championship Manchester City will play at home. The winner of the match between Oxford United or Arsenal will be played tonight, while Liverpool will play a replay against Wolverhampton. On January 17, the winner of this match will go on to Brighton 
Thailand will take on Malaysia in the ASEAN Cup before the match on January 7.|Thailand national team invades Bukit Bukit Stadium Jalil Stadium in Malaysia before playing against Malaysia in the ASEAN Championship. The first leg of the semi-finals will be played on 7 January 2023 at 7.30 p.m. today (5 January 2023). The team will travel to Malaysia in the afternoon to play in the first leg of the ASEAN Cup semi-finals. Thailand vs Malaysia on Saturday 7 January at 7.30 pm. In 2004, Thailand lost 1-2, in 2012 they drew 1-1, in 2014 Thailand lost 3-2 and in 2018 drew 0-0. The key defender, who started all 4 matches in the first round, admitted that Malaysia is a strong team, especially the attacking line, which is dangerous, but the Thai national team has prepared their homework to cope and believes that they can go to win the game if you look back at the old record, it was more than 9 years that the senior national team failed to beat Malaysia. In the 2014 ASEAN Cup Final, the first leg at Rajamangala Stadium was won by Thailand. Malaysia 2-0 with goals from Charyl Chappuis and Krikrit Thaweekarn, the last meeting took place in this year's King's Cup, Thailand drew 1-1 with Malaysia before losing 3-5 on penalties in Chiang Mai. Ready to give away 5 million baht bonus as promised after the Thai team enters the playoffs In addition, "Madame Pang" also invited J-Chanathip Songkrasin, midfielder from Kawasaki. Frontale came as a surprise to cheer the war elephants as well. Before "J" returns to Japan this Saturday, "Madame Pang" He revealed that the team will travel and do not want it to be too stressful. We try to make everyone feel as relaxed as possible and believe that everyone is ready to do their best in Saturday's game. The atmosphere is full of fun, the stadium is called bustling for the Thai national team. Preparing to invade Malaysia in the ASEAN Championship. Semi-finals, first leg 7 January 2023 at 7.30 p.m. at Bukit Jalil Stadium will play the second leg on 10 January 2023 at 7.30 p.m. at Thammasat Rangsit Stadium. 
Thailand beat Malaysia 3-0 on aggregate 3-1 to qualify for the ASEAN Cup.|Thailand National Team They beat Malaysia 3-0 on aggregate 3-1 to qualify for the ASEAN Cup against Vietnam at My Dinh Stadium on January 13 and will return to Thammasat Rangsit on January 16, 2023. On 10 Jan 2023 Thailand National Team Malaysia face Malaysia in the ASEAN Football Championship. Semi-finals 2nd leg at Thammasat Stadium The first game Male won 1-0. Almost all of the same outfit was used, but only one goal position was changed to Kampol Pathomarnkhakul who replaced Kittipong Phurowrope. Dang Da Kim Pan Gon This game Darren Locke was used as a target with Faisal Halim supporting the start of the game for Thailand to attack hard and in the 16th minute came a chance from Theerasin. Dangda's header set up Bodin Phala to drag in a shot with the left to save and bounced off in the 19th minute. Fill in the left before opening Theerasin. Dangda, strike it. Thailand National Team Leading 1-0 and the aggregate score was tied at 1-1 and ended the first half with this score, the second half Thailand changed the player, sending Adisak Kraisorn to play instead. Theerasin In the 55th minute, Ekkanit Panya collected the ball before passing it to Bodin Phala to give Thailand a 2-0 lead and the aggregate scoreline gave Thailand a 2-1 lead, then in the 69th minute, Thailand made a second substitution by sending Veerathep Pomphan on for Bodin Phala and in the 71st minute Supanan Burirat. Fill in on the right before opening up the middle for Adisak Kraisorn. Charge to hit the pole before repeating it. Thailand led 3-0 on aggregate 3-1 in the 81st minute, Thailand made a substitution with Chalermsak Akkhi and Jakphan Pairsuwan. Substitutes Phansa Hemviboon and Supanan Burirat were substituted for the rest of the game with no additional goals. Thailand beat Malaysia 3-0 on aggregate 3-1 to qualify for the final. The first game will be played at Dinh Stadium on 13 January 2023 and will be played back at Thammasat Rangsit on 16 January 2023.  
"Mano" hopes to win a good score Thailand beat Vietnam in the first leg.|"Mano Polking" Aim for a good score. Thailand away to Vietnam first leg ASEAN Championship Tomorrow (13 January 2023)Today (12 January 2023) at the press conference room of the Vietnam Football Association, the organizing department of the ASEAN Football Championship. (AFF) held a press conference before the first leg of the final match between Vietnam and Thailand. This press conference was led by Mano Polking. Head Trainer with Kritsada Kaman, defender of Thai national team Mano Polking The head coach of the Thai national team said that tomorrow is the first final. We're just two days past the second semi-final, which is an important match, and we want to get a good result tomorrow. So that we can go back and play the second game in front of our home fans, which is a very important match, the head coach of the Thai national team. He added that this game should be quite different from the previous encounter as Vietnam are favourites in this tournament and they have a month to gather together before the start of the tournament and combine the tournament for two months to train together. He has a full squad and the best players and we came here with determination and purpose. It's a lot different, but we have quality players in this squad who believe we can achieve our goals. He also said that the pitch, which we had just played during the SEA Games final, was OK, the grass was not beautiful, but the pitch was at a level where football could be played, so it was OK. We came to the SEA Games where today we will have the opportunity to practice on the actual field. For now, if nothing changes, it remains at a good level and not an excuse. For the pitch. In addition, with 5 players expected to be yellow-carded, first of all, we have not decided whether to use these 5 or not, maybe not start all 5, while Vietnam has 4 players who are expected to be yellow-carded, so in the end it is a football game. If a foul is necessary, cut the game, which cannot be helped, but will not affect the player's concentration. If it really happens, fouls have to be ruled out, we have enough quality players to play the second game. Young stated that tomorrow we are not picking up for a draw. We want to play our way. Our style, which we have played throughout the tournament, is a final that many countries are looking at between Thailand and Vietnam, two quality teams that will face off against the team with the best offensive record in the competition and the team with the best defensive play in the competition. At the same time, we are the second best defensive team in the competition against Vietnam, who also have the second best attacking game. With the record of the competition we have played in this competition, hopefully the fans will be able to watch two quality games, Thailand defender Krisda Kaman said: "Tomorrow is an important match, the first final. We all expect us to perform well in this final, Krisda also said Thien Linh (Vietnam striker) is a quality player. He's the second top scorer at the moment, it's a difficult task for me because he has the quality and he's a top striker in ASEAN. But I'm going to have a way to stop him. Thailand National Team Vietnam will face Vietnam in the ASEAN Championship 2022 Final, with the first game kicking off at Me Dinh Stadium on 13 January 2023 at 7.30 p.m. Bangkok Time and returning to Thammasat on 16 January 2023 at 7.30 p.m.
"Mano" Aim to beat Vietnam to win ASEAN Championship|Despite Thailand's advantage over Vietnam in away goals, playing for a draw was enough to win the ASEAN Cup. Thailand will play in style to beat Vietnam. Win the ASEAN Cup today (15 January 2023), Thailand head coach Mano Polking said. Captain Um Theerathon Boonmathan gave a press conference on the readiness for the 2nd leg of the ASEAN Cup Final to open at Thammasat University Rangsit Stadium against Vietnam tomorrow. At 7:30 p.m., the Vietnamese media followed a crowd of news reports on the situation before the second game of the Thai national team. Take advantage of the away goals rule. After a 2-2 draw with the Golden Stars at Mi Dinh Stadium in the first game, coach Mano said concentration was crucial throughout the 90 minutes. It is important for Thailand to play in their own way and the goal is to win the title and Mui Theerasin is injured. Dangda is a key striker who has scored 6 goals. He admitted that it was not yet possible to decide whether Mui would play or not. After that, there is still time to check the injury, but if unable to play, there are still Adisak Kraisorn and Parmes Ajvilai who are ready to take over. Theerasin still has to practice separately Captain Um Theerathon Boonmathan. Admittedly, he doesn't care what style Vietnam plays. It is important that Thailand play their own style in order to win the ASEAN Championship while Vietnam head coach Park Hung Seo will take charge for the last match. Tickets for the match were sold out shortly, and it was expected that overpriced tickets would be in high demand among fans on match day.
Cheer for the Thai national team ASEAN Championship vs Vietnam today|Team Today "War Elephant" Thailand will play against Vietnam in the ASEAN Football Championship. The first leg of the 2022 Final is at 7.30 pm. The second leg against Vietnam was quickly sold out today (13 January 2023). Throughout the morning, in front of the Mi Dinh Stadium in Hanoi, Vietnam, the atmosphere was quite lively. In particular, the scramble to sell tickets for the ASEAN Cup match between two-time champions Vietnam and six-time champions Thailand will take place this evening at 7.30 pm. Coach Mano Polking Focus on the team to get used to the field with Dinh. While Theerasin Dangda, a key striker, still needs to isolate in isolation to recover to full fitness in time for this game, the key man of the Thai national team is Theerasin after scoring 6 goals, leading the top scorer and 25 goals, leading the all-time ASEAN Cup top scorer. Tien Linh, a 25-year-old striker who has scored five goals, is tall, physically fit and plays well in the air. This is someone that the defender of the Thai national team cannot underestimate. It is inevitable that Theerathon Boonmathan has an excellent playing record. After providing 4 assists, which the captain carried was at the heart of this team, both offensively and defensively, and it was important to motivate and control the concentration of the players throughout the 90 minutes, the Vietnamese side was at Do Hung Dung, a 29-year-old captain who has scored 1 goal and 3 assists. Thailand national football team mentions Thailand, who face Vietnam this evening, is another very important game, admitting that they are excited even though they only met in the semi-finals last year, but this time is different because it is the final. The stakes are higher than ever, with both teams vying for ASEAN status over the past 10 years, so this is a dream final and also the first time in 15 years that they have been reunited with Vietnam. With a higher world ranking, a full team and a very strong home team, and not conceding a goal to anyone, it will definitely be the toughest game, but they are ready to fight hard for their glory as champions and for Thai fans who believe it will be a fun game. The Thai athletes will try their best among the 40,000 fans in Vietnam to get a good result before returning to play the second home match. Year for Thailand National Team Prepare to visit Vietnam in the ASEAN Championship 2022 Final First Leg On 13 January 2023 at Mi Dinh Stadium at 7.30 p.m., broadcast live on Channel 9 MCOT HD30 before returning to play the second home match on 16 January 2023 at Thammasat Stadium, Rangsit. By Latest Thai Ticket Major Ticket Supplier Tickets to the championship game have been announced. Between Thailand and Vietnam in the 2nd match at the stadium. Thammasat University Rangsit has exhausted all seats.
Thailand to send athletes to compete in "Kun Khamer" SEA Games 2023|Thailand, the originator of Muay Thai, will not send athletes to the 2023 SEA Games hosted by Cambodia in a month. Of course, because the host refused to use the name "Boxing" but changed the name to "Kun Khamer" today (January 21, 2023). Cambodia, host of 2023 SEA Games, claims hosting rights Do not use the name "Muay Thai" 1 There are 2 reasons why Thailand will not send "Kun Khmer", which is the sport that the host Cambodia uses to call the sport of boxing. In the SEA Games, it was already agreed to use the name "Boxing", and the main reason is that the host did not give it. The International Amateur Muay Thai Federation (IFMA) came to organize the tournament, meaning that Kun Khmer is a sport that is not recognized by the correct international sports federations. Because if any nation competes, it's going to be Eve. Banned from various sporting events, including the World Games, Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games, as well as the Muay Thai World Championship. Use the same rules as amateur Muay Thai, everything can issue the same weapons and punch 3 rounds, but Cambodia that claims to be the same as Thailand, which has long been a debate about who exactly originated Muay Thai because both Thailand and Cambodia claim to be the originator of this martial art. The Cambodian Olympic Committee has received a letter from the Asian Olympic Council (OCA) and the International Olympic Committee (IOC) that if "Kun Khmer" is to be held, the word boxing must be enclosed in parentheses and Eve Ma endorsed while Mr. Sakchai Thapsuwan The president of the Amateur Muay Thai Association of Thailand said that at first he agreed and amended the regulations. The next day he didn't take it and sent him a technical New handbook without the use of the word "boxing"This shows that the Cambodian Olympic Committee has no knowledge of the role of international sports at all. That they must follow the procedures of the Olympic Committee and do not take into account the athletes, which will prevent Cambodian athletes from sending athletes to international competitions. Because it must be banned immediately, part of the Cambodian cause. He changed the name of boxing to "Kun Khmer" because he thought that if the word boxing was used, it would refer to kickboxing more, which Cambodia's position was not to cause confusion as the owner of martial arts culture and as the host could determine the name of the sport according to the SEA Games charter. Currently, only 3 countries will send athletes to compete: Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar. In this SEA Games, the host contains "Kun Khamer" with 11 gold medals, however, despite what name is used in the SEA Games, but at the Olympic level, this sport is recognized as Muay Thai, which Thailand's goal is to push forward to the Olympic Games in the future.
Kulwut knocks down world No. 1 to win Indian badminton championship Open |"Kulwut Vititsan" Thai male badminton players Good form, win. Victor Axelsen World No.1 from Denmark wins tournament in India
 badminton India Open World Tour 750 Final The highlight of the Thai cheering squad was in the men's singles competition. Between "Chao View" Kulwut Vititsan, world No. 8 from Thailand Found something solid, Victor. Axelsen The current Danish world No.1 has never won in six meetings and has lost four finals since the 2020 Spanish Masters, the Swiss Open and World Tour Finals in 2021, as well as at the Badminton World Championships. Last year, the first game, the pair fought hard. Although Kulwut who led 16-13 early was beaten by his opponent to score 5 points in a row until he was 16-18 behind, but he did not lose morale to regain concentration in time. Before winning 22-20, in the 2nd game, Kulwut missed Victor. The team lost 10-21 to play the 3rd game in the game to decide the championship. Get your best form in time. He took an early lead early on in the game before continuing to score a 21-12 victory to win his second World Tour title after the German Open last month. March last year for this victory, in addition to clearing the mystical defeat. Axelsen In the first round, it also braked the heat of the opponent, who won 13 consecutive finals, receiving 59,500 U.S. dollars or nearly 2 million baht in prize money. The next tournament for Thai badminton players is the Indonesia Masters, the World Tour 500 tournament, which kicks off on January 24.
Chonburi - Songkhla - Bangkok co-host of SEA Games 2025|Progress of the 2025 SEA Games that Thailand will host Bangkok, Chonburi and Songkhla join hands to act as co-hosts after the meeting of the SAT Board, which will select the host city for the 33rd SEA Games in 2025 that Thailand has the right to host. The next step is to present the results of the meeting to the Cabinet for approval.
Korean actor Kwon Nara Watch the Port Authority beat BG Pathum 2-1 to the edge of the stadium.|Thailand is very hot! "Kwon Nara" or Manager Oh from the popular series Itaewon Class Watch BG Pathum United's 1-2 defeat to Port FC in the Thai League 2nd leg to the edge of the stadium "Madam Pang" warmly welcomed on January 22, 2023 became a trend on social media. After the famous South Korean actor "Kwon Nara" or Manager Oh (Osua) from the series Itaewon Class. Come and watch a Hilux football game. Revo Thai League 2022-23 Leg 2, the 16th leg of the season, BG Pathum United, who finished the first leg in 5th place, have a trip to Port FC who are 7th in the standings at Pat Stadium, Thailand. "As happy as the result, I was able to meet Kwon Nara from the popular Itaewon series, who was very cute and cheered on the ball at Pat Stadium. We are always welcome 감사합니다." In the 14th minute, the Port Authority won first from Kevin Deeromram's shot in front of the penalty area, but the ball went out of bounds. In the 23rd minute, BG Pathum had a chance to score from a corner cap shot by Coronation Thongkiri, but the ball went off the post a little bit. In the 24th minute, BG Pathum United almost conceded a penalty from the first moment, the referee deemed Ernesto Phumpha to have fouled Hamilton Soares and gave Ernesto a yellow card, before reversing the decision from the VAR check and cancelling Ernesto's yellow card. 35th minute The Port Authority were down to 10 men when Airton Tirabassi ruled out a foul on Pithiwat Sukjitthamkul. The referee took out a second yellow card and sent off the pitch in the 38th minute. Port Authority, although less players, almost took the lead from Bodin Phala's shot from outside the penalty area, but the ball went off the post a little bit. Hamilton Soares headed in from the right to give Port Authority a 1-0 lead before the end of the first half in the 46th minute. BG Pathum United made a change of players by sending Abhisit Sorada on for Ernesto Bhumipha in the 55th minute. Stenio Junior had a header in the penalty area but the ball went over the crossbar in the 59th minute. BG Pathum United made two changes to their line-up by sending Patric Gustafsson and Sarach Yooyen on for Ben Azubel and Coronation Thongkiri. In the 63rd minute, BG Pathum United won a penalty when Chaowat Veerachart was fouled by the locals' Pakorn Premphak in the penalty area before Stenio Junior took charge of the kill to make it 1-1, but in the 68th minute, Port FC took the lead when Gazio Child blocked the ball in the penalty area badly before Hamilton Soares fired a right-footed shot into the home team to make it 2-1. In the 77th minute, Port FC almost scored the 3rd goal from Pakorn Premphak. Hamilton Soares opened with an emphatic header but the ball went off the post in the 79th minute, BG Pathum United made a fourth change by sending on Chatri Chimtalay. In the 85th minute, "The Rabbit" army had a chance to equalize from outside the penalty area of Sarach Yuyen, but the ball ricocheted off the home defence after the moment BG Pathum United, with more players, tried to open the attack in hopes of scoring a goal, but the final stroke was not finished at the end of the game. BG Pathum United defeated Port FC 1-2 The next match will be away to Nakhon Pathom United in the Revo Cup round of 16 on 25 January 2023 at 6.00 p.m. at Nakhon Pathom Municipal Sports School Stadium. 
Young Men's Tennis Players Withdraw from the national team after heavy criticism|16-year-old tennis player accused of driving through red light Withdrew from the Thai national youth tennis team. Amid heavy criticism on social media calling for stakeholders to come forward and reconsider. After the young men passed the qualifying competition until they were included in the Thai national team on January 28, 2023, the Lawn Tennis Association of Thailand Facebook page Under the Royal Patronage of His Majesty the King, LTAT has posted a letter requesting the withdrawal from the Thai national youth tennis team for the year 2023 of a young male tennis player who was accused of driving a BMW through a red light and crashing into the motorcycle of Mr. Thanapol Kaewmoon, who recently graduated with honors from engineering, and died at a red light intersection. Techno Suranaree University on September 30, 2022, on charges of reckless driving causing death of another person after a photo was presented of a certificate by a representative of the Lawn Tennis Association of Thailand. Under the patronage of His Majesty the King, the young tennis player who passed the qualifying competition until he was included in the Thai national team until the birth of #เด็ก16ผ่าไฟแดงชนคนตาย In a tweet with criticism that less than 6 months later, the youth had been called up to the national team despite the case and was accused of inappropriate behavior. Never raised a hand to pay homage to the family of the deceased. Do not attend the funeral and are not responsible for paying the agreed remedy. He urged those involved to revisit the matter for further progress in the case. Pol. Col. Navin Teeravit, Director of Pho Klang Police Station He revealed that the investigating officer had already sent the statement to the prosecutor. And the prosecutor has already filed an indictment. The deceased mother said that the court had initially calculated and ordered the parties to pay a total of 860,000 baht, of which 660,000 baht had already been paid, and 200,000 baht was still missing. As for what stuck out about the incident, the couple hit their son with a car. I never prayed for the corpse, but I would ask for it when it was cremated.
"Mink Saraburi" First Thai female snooker player to become world number one|"Mink Saraburi" Making history as the first Thai female snooker player to become world number one Natcharat Wongharuthai or "Mink Saraburi" Thai female skipper The 2022 world champion has made history and is set to become the women's world number one. After advancing to the quarter-finals. At the Asia-Pacific Snooker Championships in Sydney, Australia, before the start of the tournament, Mink Saraburi was ranked No. 2 in the world, behind British world number one Riann Evans before Mink advanced to the group stage and won. Jade Cullen in the round of 16 advanced to the quarter-finals, giving Mink a point point to overtake Riann Evans, who did not play in the tournament, and Mink became the first Thai snooker player in history to become world No 1, which no one had previously achieved. Whether it is male or female, the closest is Wattana Phu Obom or Tong Sitchoi, who used to be world No. 3. In the 1994-1995 season, for the last 8, Mink Saraburi will meet Ploy Khon Kaen or Ploy Chompoo Laokiatpong. Another Thai skipper. This season, Mink, 23, has won two titles on the women's professional tour, the Women's Masters and the Belgian Women's Open. He also won the World Mixed Doubles Championships with Neil Robertson. The Australian men's world No.4, another one looking back at her career as a snooker player, is extraordinary. Grade 4 Because the owner of the snooker table where my mother works sees that she has finished school and comes to her mother at the fun table every day, the owner of the table sees that the stem unit is good because she is taller than children of the same generation. Big Saraburi, a former world champion, teaches her a deep goal to compete in the men's snooker world championship. 
Man City breach of financial rules for 9 years|Premier League football big news Manchester City have been accused of more than 100 financial breaches over a period of nine years and there is a high chance that the team will be put to the sword. After a four-year investigation, Premier League officials last night issued a statement charging Manchester City with billionaire Manchester City. More than 100 offences were committed between 2009 and 2018, most of which involved concealing and distorting the club's earnings. The matter has been linked to Pep Guardiola, the Manchester City head coach, who spoke last month. Last August, he said he would pack up his belongings and leave the team. If the club president lied, after always insisting to him that the team did not break financial rules. Legal gambling in the UK Pep Guardiola was named as one of the favourites to part ways with the club back in 2020. He was banned from the continental club championship for two years for breaching financial fair play rules between 2012 and 2016, but Manchester City appealed. The High Court of Sport changed the ban to a monetary fine.
Prepare to find a warm-up team for the Thai national team After WAFF 2023 is still inconclusive, "hosts"   |Football Association of Thailand Prepare a plan to find a team to warm up with the Thai national team. During FIFA Day in March After no conclusion on the hosting of the Western National Football Championship or WAFF according to the original program, "War Elephant Army". The tournament will be held in the United Arab Emirates during FIFA Day from March 20 to April 2, 2023, however, WAFF has informed all nations that there is no conclusion on the hosting of the tournament and plans for how it will proceed. Abdullah A The Football Association's secretary-general revealed that the Football Association of Thailand has been informed of the matter and is not calm and is prepared to discuss with the team the latest situation. At the same time, he has instructed relevant parties to coordinate to find a warm-up team with the Thai national team, we must wait for the conclusion from the WAFF, which many nations that accepted to participate in the competition were affected this time. While the WAFF will have to hold an urgent meeting to decide whether to continue the tournament or not, however, on the part of the association, we are looking for a team to warm up with the Thai national team instead. The association is trying to find the best solution within the time limit so that the Thai national team can have a warm-up game according to the calendar. The UAE has withdrawn from hosting WAFF without giving reasons for The Thai national team has been invited to compete in the tournament, scheduled to be played from March 20 to April 2, 2023.
LeBron James breaks NBA basketball all-time scoring record|LeBron James is named the greatest basketball player of all time. After breaking the 34-year record for the highest score of 38,388 in last night's match on Feb. 8, 2023. A historic moment in NBA basketball came at the end of the third quarter when LeBron James threw the ball from 21 feet to score two points with 10.9 seconds remaining, marking his 38,388th career and becoming the new NBA's all-time record holder, surpassing legendary center Kareem Abdul-Jabbar with 38,387 points in his career. April 5, 1984, or 34 years ago, before a baby named LeBron James was born on the planet after setting a new record. The match was paused to pay tribute to the new legend, with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar joining in the congratulations amid a flood of hoop fans who took part in the historic moment. According to reports, tickets to the game have become so popular that prices have increased by an average of 211 percent, with the best seats behind the hoop being the most expensive tickets. It jumped to US$69,162 or 2.3 million baht, however, unfortunately when the historic day was slightly brackish. After LeBron James' Los Angeles Lakers lost 130-133 to the Oklahoma City Thunder, James' performance in this game was 38 points, 7 rebounds and 3 assists.
Yan did not send Muay Thai fighter to compete "Kun Khamer" in SEA Games|Amateur Muay Thai Association of Thailand Confirms not to send Muay Thai athletes to compete in "Kun Khmer" in SEA Games in Cambodia He reiterated that it will not affect the good relations between Thailand and Cambodia today (9 February 2023). International Federation of Muay Thai Associations (Evema) with Professional Boxing Association of Thailand Muay Thai Amateur Sports Association of Thailand Expressed a common stance on not sending Muay Thai athletes to compete in the 32nd SEA Games in Cambodia. There are no Kunkhmer and Kunkhmer sports associations. It has not been approved by the World Anti-Doping Organization (WADA), which requires international banned substance testing standards, resulting in Thailand not being able to send athletes to compete in this competition. This is an important part of pushing Muay Thai to the Olympic Games. Although Thailand did not send athletes, President Eve also confirmed that Thailand still has good relations with Cambodia, the host recently announced that Khun Khmer has won a total of 19 gold medals, with 6 nations applying to become members of the International Kunkhmer Federation. Of course, Cambodia, Laos, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar and Vietnam, according to the SEA Games constitution, must have at least 4 nations to compete for a medal.
Khmer coach hints at IFMA SEA Games must be accepted by international countries first|Khmer may not survive this SEA Games. If less than 4 nations participate in the tournament on February 10, 2023, the Amateur Muay Thai Association of Thailand has taken another stance. He also confirmed that Singapore, the Philippines and Malaysia would not send the race either. Brunei and Timor-Leste There is no Muay Thai Association in the country, so it cannot be submitted either. While Vietnam is yet to decide, so the latest is still only host Cambodia. Laos and Myanmar only. When studying the rules of the SEA Games (Charter), it is clear that although the host has the right to include local sports, there are limitations, which Kun Khmer did not follow. And if less than four countries finally send a match, Kun Khmer is unlikely to be held, said Stefan Fox, who is the secretary-general of the International Muay Thai Federation IFMA. It is clear that Kun Khmer is a combat sport, not unlike judo, taekwondo, but if Cambodia is going to push Kun Khmer to be sustainable, it must be recognized internationally. The competition must be fair, for example, the referee must be fair, safe for the athletes, and most importantly, the use of banned substances must be controlled in the path to push the national sport to the international level. The first step of any sport to the Olympics is to become a member of the General Assembly of International Sports Federations, which takes 10 years, and Thailand takes another 10 years to be accepted by the International Olympic Committee before Muay Thai is widely popular. There are many organizations that help drive both IFMA, the private sector that helps organize the competition continuously, as well as the government, which recognizes the importance of making Muay Thai a soft power, and one of the most influential boxers in Muay Thai, Buakhao, is a fan fanatic around the world. Exemplary Athlete of the Decade from the Sports Photographers Association of Thailand Award He said that he has always served to spread the art of Muay Thai and is very proud that he has contributed to Muay Thai to the world.Read more: Yan does not send Muay Thai fighters to compete in "Kun Khamer" in the SEA Games, the problem repeats "SEA Games" Arrange according to the host's wishes.
Thailand prepares to fly warm-up to Europe Meet "Georgia vs Estonia" FIFA Day This October|The association welcomed the submission of the Thai national team to warm up "Georgia-Estonia" FIFA Day in October to prepare the team for the World Cup qualifiers today (February 14, 2023). Under His Majesty's Patronage The association has announced plans to upgrade the Thai national football team to international standards and has been coordinating with leading European nations since October 2022 to find warm-up games according to the FIFA Day calendar. The association has recently accepted a warm-up trip to the Georgian national team. Under Willy Sagnol Former Bayern Munich and France international World Championship Series It was established in 1998 and is currently ranked 78th in FIFA. Ranking, according to the latest rankings last month. The Estonian national team, under Thomas Haberly, is currently ranked 109th in FIFA. Ranking, according to the latest rankings last month. Last February for the Thai national team's fixtures. In FIFA Day, October is as follows: October 12, 2023 Georgia Thailand vs Thailand in Tbilisi, Georgia (to be confirmed) on 17 October 2023Estonia Meet Thailand at Le Kok Arena Tallinn, Estonia 
Christian Azu has not been found missing in the Turkish earthquake for 9 days. |Agent of "Christian Asou" Ghanaian footballer, former Newcastle winger He has not been found missing in his residence in Hatay due to the Turkish earthquake since Feb. 6. Only two pairs of shoes were found today (15 February 2023), the BBC news agency reported. More than 100,000 deaths have been reported in Turkey and Syria. One of those missing was former Newcastle winger Christian Atsu. A footballer of Ghanaian descent who is still missing after the earthquake in Turkey on Feb. 6. Nana Sechere, who is in Hatay, said they found Atsu's exact location and only found 2 pairs of shoes. It has been 9 days since the earthquake and we still have not located Christian. I am at the quake site in Hatay with Christian's family. The scenes are unimaginable and our hearts are broken for all the people affected.Source: BBC/Twitter Nana Sechere Read more news Social media searching for #Prayforatsu Christian Atsu Former Newcastle footballer missing in Turkish earthquake 
Ziko says Dom Boar dies after losing consciousness in hotel room in England|"Zico" Kiattisak Senamuang announces the case of "Dom" Duangphet Promthep, one of the 13 players of the Boar Academy team, died. Dom was found unconscious in his hotel room in England. He was taken to hospital and later died. Confirming that they are ready to help the family coordinate to bring Dom's body back to Thailand from the social media case to mourn "Dom". Duangphet Promthep, one of the 13 players of the Wild Boar Academy team, died today (February 15, 2023). Speaking via Zoom to the media earlier this evening, Zico said the incident happened last Sunday, during a dormitory holiday, with Dom living in his room not going out. The teacher checked and found him lying unconscious before being taken to the nearest hospital, where doctors reported that his condition was not good and his breathing was weakening. Everything is under the supervision of the Royal Thai Consulate in London, and the body is expected to return to Thailand soon. Sico burst into tears and confirmed that he would coordinate with all parties to fully support the family, including finding a Thai temple to invite the souls back to Thailand. And will coordinate with all parties to take care of everything that the family needs as best as possible. Zico posted on Facebook: "Rest in peace, Dom is a lovely pupil. Be polite, gentlemanly, be considerate. I have a dream of becoming a professional footballer, I want to be in the national team, I have good techniques, ready to learn, I am a fast striker, I want to see the future that Dom envisioned, but......sleep well, Dom." Dom received a scholarship from Sport Education and Zico Foundation to study and train football at Brooke House College Football Academy in Leicester, England.
"Muangthong United" holds "Coach Mario" to continue to manage the team|Mario Yurovsky, who has announced his retirement twice, remains the head coach of Muangthong United. After the board trusted the team to build the team in the style of "Mario Way" after the Thai League 4-4 draw with Buriram, Mario Yurovsky posted a farewell message to the team to take responsibility for the performance that went against the club's expectations. In particular, the club are ninth in the league and eliminated from both the FA Cup and League Cup, and there have been rumours that the team is preparing to appoint Milos Josic. Former assistant who worked with Robbie Fowler. When he took charge of Muangthong in 2011, he became the new head coach. Muangthong issued a statement relying on Coach Mario to continue working as planned, especially building a team under the "Mario Way" format by giving young players the opportunity to make it to the first team. In the past, Coach Mario created this type of team, but the results remained unfavorable in many games. Mario has been in office for more than two years and has been working continuously with the club. Therefore, it is the head coach that the team fully believes that will lead Muang Thong to the target destination. Keeping Coach Mario with the team is about the fans who still support and support Coach Mario's style because Muang Thong is a team that mainly listens to the echoes of the fans. Therefore, this change of coach did not happen for the next program. Muangthong will play in the Thai League with a visit to Chonburi on Sunday, February 19 at 7.00 pm.
"White Lotus" Prepare to catch the cue to bet snooker with "Khamnawit"|The movement of the 6-red snooker world championship that Thailand will host early next month, the color of this event is that Buakhao Bantammek will switch to playing snooker duel black with "Pol. Maj. Gen. Kamronawit". President of Pathum Thani Provincial Administration Organization Pathum Thani 6 Dang World Championship 2023 or Pathum Thani Six Red World Championship 2023 for the King's Cup King Rama 10 won a total of 11 million baht. During March 6 - 11 at Thammasat Convention Center, Thammasat University, Rangsit Center. Mr. Sunthon Charumon President of the Billiards Association of Thailand He revealed that this World Championship is considered to be the biggest event that Thailand has ever held. "Ronnie O'Sullivan", a world star who has never joined Thailand at all, including pulling the superstar of Muay Thai such as "Buakhao Banchanmek" to temporarily remove the gloves to catch the cue to bet snooker in the black competition with "Big Jazz". Maj. Gen. Khamronawit T. President of Pathum Thani Provincial Administration Organization This event does not know who is better snooker skill between White Lotus and "Big Jazz". This pair is considered to bring color to the 6-red snooker world championship so that snooker fans can enjoy watching the tournament in addition to the White Lotus pair. Against Big Jazz, Stephen Hendry will face off against Jimmy White, the legendary snooker duo that will be fighting this time.
Good form! "Patty-Supajit" Thai rider wins U.S. championship|Patty-Supajit Wattanadit, Thailand's rising star rider, made a world name for showing his best performance, winning the No. 1 spot in the United States in an international competition and getting ready to win tickets to the 2023 Asian Games in China today (February 16, 2023). After the Wall Street JV showcased its best horseback moves in the horseback competition. Win the judges' hearts Scored 70.79 percent to take first place in the CDI 1* Intermedia One Freestyle Music Class*, becoming the first Thai athlete to win the championship. A young Thai rider who is a rising star in the art of steering, who is currently competing in international tournaments. To collect points to win a ticket to the 2023 Asian Games in China, where he has been able to perform well throughout the past year, winning 3rd place in the horse racing competition. Patty Supajit was selected as one of five young athletes worldwide to participate in the Programme Of Excellence organized by Chio Aachen in Germany, where she trained with some of the world's top athletes and coaches. Isabell Werth between September 2022 - April 2023. Patty Supajit competes again at the Adequan Global Dressage Festival in Wellington, Florida, USA. On 9 - 12 February 2023, the 3-day competition was played in the Presenters, Intermediate One and Intermedia One Freestyle to Music classes, which were used for the Asian Games. Supajit also performed superbly, taking his Wall Street JV to a high score of 68.09 percent in the Presenters class, 69.56 percent in the Presenters class. With 70.79 percent in the Intermedia One class, Freestyle Music took first place, becoming the only Asian athlete to participate in the competition and the first Thai to win the international competition. Patty Supajit continues to train intensively and continues to compete in the United States. He will then return to training and continue competing in Europe in the middle of the year to prepare for the 2023 Asian Games in China. This September. 
Thai League 3 Boiling! MH Nakhon Si players punch rival teams|Thai League football scandal is happening again. When the MH football player Nakhon Si in Thai League 3 attacked the opponent goalkeeper. Meanwhile, the club immediately issued a season-long ban on February 18, 2023. The incident occurred in a 3-game Thai League match between MH FC. Nakhon Si City vs Muang Trang United F.C. The story started in the 72nd minute when the home team scored a goal to take a 2-1 lead. Panmanee, a substitute footballer for MH Nakhon Si, ran onto the pitch. The chaos ensued, forcing the match to be halted for more than seven minutes before the referee handed out a red card to Tharatep. The attacker left the stadium that had not yet been played after the MH FC incident. Nakhon Si has banned "Tarathep" for the entire season and deducted all salaries. Meanwhile, the coaching staff who lived during the turmoil ran down. Banned from duty for two matches and deducted 50% of his salary until the end of the season, Trang United issued a statement condemning the violence on the football pitch and confirming that legal proceedings will be followed.
Qatar Capital Group One Takeover "Man United"|The big news of English football is inevitable that the latest Manchester United club transfer is expected to be one of the favourites. To own a 20-time top-flight champions after the takeover offer deadline has expired. Manchester United on Saturday revealed that three bidders – Qatar-based consortium, Sir Jim Ratcliffe and a US-based financial firm – had been submitted through Ren Group, a specialist in business buy-and-sell business. American millionaires Last year, of course, one of the top picks for Manchester United was a Qatari-based consortium led by Sheikh Yassim bin Hamad. Al Thani  The 44-year-old son of former Qatari ruler Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, he and the Qatari royal family now have a combined fortune of £275 billion. Jassim, who is president of Qatar's QIB Bank and has been a Manchester United fan since the age of 10 and graduated from the Sandhurst Military Academy in England, has made it clear that his goal is to bring in 100% cash to buy the club in order to reclaim greatness for United. Back again with the preparation of technology to develop modern facilities. Remove the insults that Cristiano Ronaldo has previously attacked the club for having outdated tools, and Sir Jim Ratcliffe, despite his status as the richest person in the UK, is not comparable to the Qatar Capital Group. Maybe Man Utd will become a conservative team. Focus on sculpting rising stars instead of Elliot Management. U.S. financial firm They used to buy AC Milan In 2018, he spent just three years managing the club before selling the club to make a profit, which is sure to be opposed by Red Devils fans, with the English media speculating that the Glazer family wanted to sell the club for £6 billion. The deal is expected to be around £4 billion to £5 billion, with the takeover expected to be completed by June, while Robson's most expensive sports team in the world is set to be traded. Walton, heir to the mall. Wal-Mart In the U.S., bought the American football team Denver Broncos. in 2022 with a price of 3.75 billion pounds or about 150 billion baht.
Football industry pays tribute to "Christian Asou" death in Turkish earthquake |Famous football industry pays tribute to "Christian Atsu" Ghanaian footballer, former Newcastle winger The body was found dead in a residence in the Turkish city of Hatay. Ready to send the body back to his hometown for the ceremony. The players paid tribute on the pitch. Today (Feb. 20, 2023), AFP news agency reported that on Feb. 19, After agents confirmed they found Christian's body, Atsu Footballers of Ghanaian descent The 31-year-old former winger of English Premier League club Chelsea and Newcastle has been lost in the earthquake in Turkey. Since Feb. 6. Accommodation in Hatay was explored. He said they found Atsu's exact location and only two pairs of shoes, and then confirmed that Christian's body was found in the building where he lived, as well as his cell phone. Footballers from many famous clubs paid tribute, including Newcastle United, Christian's former club, who put up a mourning sign on a football stadium monitor and stood in mourning with the message "We will never forget you, Christian Asou". Mohammed Club footballers Ajax Amsterdam mourned by unveiling a T-shirt with the message "R.I.P. Atsu" after scoring the goal to pay tribute to the players. Standing in mourning for Atsu. Change your profile picture to black. Azu He is in the process of being sent to his homeland, Ghana, and the message that while a member of Christian's family Assu picked up the body of the Ghana national football team player at Kotoka International Airport in Accra, Ghana, in an honorary ceremony for Christian. The body was found on Feb. 18, nearly two weeks after a magnitude 7.8 earthquake shook Turkey and Syria on Feb. 6 that killed more than 43,000 people in both countries. Read more 9 "Christian Asou" has not yet been found. Lost in the Turkish earthquake Social media searching for #Prayforatsu Christian Atsu Former Newcastle footballer Turkish earthquake disappearance Turkey ends search-and-rescue missions in most areas except for 2 heavily damaged cities
Chaba Kaew beat Senegal 1-1 in the second half|Senegal drew 1-1 in the second half. FIFA A women's warm-up match in New Zealand today (February 21, 2023) FIFA A women's soccer match in New Zealand FIFA provides for the losing team in the World Cup play-offs. 1 more match, Thai Chaba Kaew team The Blues, who lost 2-0 to Cameroon, will play Senegal from Africa, who lost 4-0 to Haiti. Coach Miyo Okamoto has made changes to the team in all positions, with Janista Jinanthuya, Patranan Uppchai and Ploy Chompoo Somnuk and Jiraporn Mongkoldee as the 4 coordinators in the attack, but Sunisa Sangthaisong and Pornpirun Pilawan are in charge in the back line in the first half. The game was smoother and came to a 1-0 lead in the 17th minute from Jiraporn. Senegal started to have more chances and used a heavy ball to hit Chaba Kaew, who was at a noticeable disadvantage in shape, and conceded a penalty in the 67th minute from Pornpirun's interception, but the ball hit his arm and Ndieye Diaquite killed to equalise the score at 1-1. With no wins, this year's team still has many tasks to complete since qualifying for the Asian Olympic Games. First round, SEA Games in Cambodia, ASEAN Championship in Philippines and Asian Games in Hangzhou are still waiting for a decision from the Football Association on whether to give the game a chance. Will coach Miyo Okamoto continue to make the team, or will there be another change?
Make way for "Phaya Hong" before defending K-1 World Championship|Nong Pum-Phayahong Ayothaya Fight Gym or Chanthakan Manoban is Thailand's first female K-1 World Champion. Defending champion after more than two months of preparations against old rival Miyuu Sugawara of Japan. On March 12, today (February 22, 2023), Phayahong Ayothaya Fight Gym or Pum Chanthakan Manobal, 20, a native of Buriram. K-1 World Championship Holder World Grand Prix Thailand's first woman and cousin of BLACKPINK's Lisa will fight her first world title defense against Japanese rival Miyuu Sugawara on Sunday, March 12 in Japan. The fight was considered to be 3 rounds, the referee gave a tie until 1 extra round and it was the Swan king who narrowly won the points for the latest preparation. Krudam Srichan The trainer in charge of Phaya Hong's training has already planned to defend the Japanese challenger by focusing on defending her opponent's front foot and emphasizing that Phaya Hong switch cards left and right when fighting so that Phaya Hong can punch both sides, while Phaya Hong, who has been training for more than 2 months, said she is now about 80 percent fit and confident that she can defend her K-1 World Championship. She also asked Thai fans for her to defend her world title in this fight. Preparing to travel to Tokyo, Japan Late tonight, to improve her physical condition, she will defend her K-1 World Title in the 45kg weight class at Yoyogi International Stadium.
Manchester United beat Barca 2-1 2 matches, won 4-3 in 16-team Europa League  |Manchester United Barcelona beat Barcelona 2-1 on aggregate and won 4-3 to advance to the round of 16. Manchester United drew 2-2 with Barcelona at Camp Nou, this time at Old Trafford in the first half, as Barcelona won a penalty when Bruno Fenandes fouled Ales-Handro Balde in the penalty area and Robert Lewandowski gave Barca a 1-0 lead in the 18th minute. Man Utd trailed 1-1 thanks to Fred's goal after that. Antony scored the winning goal to give the hosts a 2-1 win in the 73rd minute, marking United's first win against Barcelona in their last six games. Man Utd With a 4-3 aggregate win over Barcelona, Manchester United qualified for the last 16 in a doubles draw this evening. Manchester United won the Europa League once in 2017 under Jose Mourinho. Mourinho after this, Man Utd The League Cup final against Newcastle United will take place on Sunday at 11.30pm, which is Erik ten Hag's first title at this time. West Ham are in third place in the Premier League, five points behind leaders Arsenal with 14 games remaining.
Manchester City beat Bristol City 3-0 to reach the last 8 of the FA Cup.|English FA Cup Manchester City qualified for the last 8. After beating Championship side Bristol City 3-0 today (March 1, 2023). FA Cup last-16 match against Championship side Bristol City Manchester City rested several key players but took an early lead in the first seven minutes from Phil Foden before Foden added his second to give City a 2-0 lead in the 74th minute, and Kevin De Bruyne scored in the 81st minute to give City a 3-0 win over Bristol City to progress to the last 8. After losing last weekend's league game. Home defeat to Blackburn Rovers FC Championship teams 1-2 by this game Blackburn They took a 2-0 lead from the Tyries. Dolan scored on the 33rd minute and Sammy Smodics on the 52nd minute, while Leicester beat Kelechi Iheanacho but failed to catch up with Leicester and Blackburn qualified for the next round of the Premier League Brighton. Against Stoke City in the previous Championship, Brighton knocked out Liverpool and this game was the only goal and Brighton's winning goal from Ivan. Ferguson The 18-year-old Ireland international has scored five goals for Brighton. Brighton beat Stoke City 1-0 to advance to the last 8, while Manchester United will play at Old Trafford against West Ham and Spurs will travel to Sheffield United in the Championship. Meet Everton 
Super cool! Thai children win "runner-up" in ice sledding in South Korea|"Pink" Ayese Campeol Create a new history in Thai sports by winning the runner-up at the ice sliding competition in South Korea today (March 3, 2023). The Omega Youth Series Competition Course 3 in Pyeongchang, South Korea, is a program for young athletes. Collect points and win quotas to compete in the "Winter Youth Olympics" In 2024 by the Ski and Snowboard Association of Thailand There were 6 competitors, divided into 2 men and 4 women, the highlight of Thailand was in the competition Bob Slide or Ice Sled Mono Ab Female "Nong Chompoo". Ayese Campeol performed well in Race 3 on March 1. After clocking a total time of 1 minute 58.19 seconds, he finished second behind his Danish rival who won the race, marking the first time a Thai athlete has a podium finish in the sports ribbon for Nong Chompoo. Currently studying at Kumphawapi School, Udon Thani Province, started training in winter sports from roller skiing and was recruited into Winter Sports Learning Project organized between Ski and Snowboard Association of Thailand and South Korean Olympic Committee in He has been recruited to collect and train in South Korea since late last year.
Liverpool beat Manchester United 7-0 in the Premier League|"Reds" Liverpool beat "Red Devils" rival Manchester United with the most crushing score in the history of the English Premier League. In the first half, the "Red Devils" had more chances to score, but the Reds had a good shot on target from Cody Gakpo in the 43rd minute, the score behind forced United to open up the attack and allow Liverpool to use the counter-attack to their advantage, before adding 6 goals in the second half, 2 goals from Darwin Núñez, 1 Gakpo and Mohammed 1 goal. Salah's second goal and Roberto Firmino's second substitute helped Liverpool thrash their all-time rivals Manchester United 7-0 to move up to 42 points and move up to fifth and Manchester United with the same 49 points. Stay in 3rd place, but a point behind. Arsenal top of the table The Reds have met 212 times, surpassing Liverpool's 7-1 win over Manchester United when they first met at Division 2 level in 1895 or 128 years ago, and United's worst defeat in nearly 100 years, the last time going back to 1931, when they lost 7-0 to Aston Villa.
"Techball Thai" Wins 2 Championships at Dubai Asian Tour 2023|Thai Tech Ball Team The Dubai Asian Tech Tour 2023 will be held in the United Arab Emirates on March 5, 2023 at the Dubai Asian Tech Tour 2023 in the United Arab Emirates. Thai Tech Ball Athletes Able to reach the finals of 3 editions, starting from the women's doubles category in which Thailand competed against each other between Suphawadee Wongkhamchan and Juthathip Kanthathong. In the blue shirt, Chariya Sisawat and Areeya Homdee in the green shirt, although they are very familiar with each other, but the Thai girls played hard and the pair of Suphawadee and Juthathip won 2-0 sets with scores of 12-11 and 12-9 to win their first title in mixed doubles. Supavadee Wongkhamchan paired with Pakpong Detcharoen Meet Pe-Tra Peechy and Adam Blasovic, the world No. 1 from Hungary. Use teamwork and a variety of actions He defeated World No. 1 in two sets by scores of 12-8 and 12-7 to lift one more title in men's doubles. Uthen Green loan with Pakpong Detcharoen Against the strength of Ksaba. Hungary's Banyik and Balaz Katz narrowly lost 1-2 sets 7-12, 12-9 and 6-11 to win the third doubles final. Green Gu lost to Viana. Mendes of Brazil, who paired up with Arpor Georgidiak of Romania, went 1-2 with scores of 3-12, 12-1 and 8-12 to take fourth place.
Liverpool banned fans for life, ran onto the pitch and almost injured a player.|Aftermath of Reds game Liverpool prepare to ban hot-blooded fans Banned from Anfield for life. After almost injuring a key player in the recent win over Manchester United. Celebrating with Roberto Firmino, who scored the winning goal. Manchester United 7-0 saw a Liverpool fan run onto the pitch to congratulate the player and slipped and hit Andy Robertson's ankle. A key left-back for the team, Jurgen Klopp has blasted the fans hard. While being taken off the pitch by the guards because they risk causing unnecessary injury to the team. Fortunately, Robertson. Liverpool are reportedly set to ban the 16-year-old from entering Anfield for life, according to several media outlets in England. Manchester United head coach Haag has ordered his players to sit quietly in the dressing room to force them to listen to the voices of Liverpool players as they celebrate their victory. After the game in the Red Sox, it was a punishment for a disappointing performance and threatened that if anyone continues to perform below the standard as demonstrated in this match. Will be dropped to training with the Under-21 team. READ MORE: Biggest win in history! Liverpool thrashed Manchester United 7-0 in the Premier League.
Arsenal beat Fulham 3-0 to stay top of the Premier League League |Arsenal beat Fulham 3-0 to stay top of the Premier League Arsenal have 66 points from 27 matches, five points ahead of second-placed Manchester City. Premier League football last night leader Arsenal were still three points clear as they beat Fulham 3-0 in the London derby, with three first-half goals from Gabriel Magalhaes and Gabriel Magalhaes. Martinelli and Martin Odegaard make Arsenal have 66 points from 27 matches, five points ahead of second-placed Manchester City. At the bottom of the table, Southampton were 0-0 up, and Casimero was shown a red card in the 34th minute and it was Casimero's second red card of the season.
"SEA Games Council" believes "Cambodia" agrees to reduce SEA Games royalties|Although there is a high chance that Thailand will not be able to watch the SEA Games in Cambodia live due to the hosts charging exorbitant fees or royalties and refusing to reduce the price as negotiated by Thailand, the vice president of the SEA Games Federation is confident that the hosts will eventually agree to cut the price. Reporters report that there is only a month and a half left. The 32nd SEA Games, which Cambodia will host for the first time, will kick off. But problems are still happening. latest Regarding the royalty collection of hosts Cambodia, unprecedented in SEA Games history. Thailand is charged the highest SEA Games royalties in ASEAN at around 28 million baht. Cambodia claims that it is measured by the market value of the country. Vice President of the Olympic Committee of Thailand As vice president of the SEA Games Federation, he told Thai PBS that next week, the Sports Authority of Thailand (TAT) will be in the future. He will travel to Cambodia for a meeting with the tournament organizers and will negotiate copyright issues to reach a conclusion, which Mr. Chaipak is confident that Cambodia will eventually agree to reduce royalties. Mr. Chaipak also revealed that in this SEA Games Council meeting, there will be a new SEA Games Statute that will be used in the SEA Games from now on, which will require that all 15 international sports competing in the Olympics, 25-30 alternative sports and only 4 local sports will be included. This is to prevent hosts from hosting local sports at will, and to make the ASEAN sports festival of Thailand have a clear standard. There is controversy among member states because the inclusion of many local sports will give nations who are not good at international sports the opportunity to win more gold medals.
Liverpool beat Real Madrid 1-0 Goal: Eliminated in the round of 16 UEFA Champions League|Liverpool lost 6-0 to Real Madrid in the round of 16 of the UEFA Champions League, while Real Madrid advanced to the last 8. Liverpool lost 6-2 to Real Madrid in the round of 16 last night (March 15, 2023). In the UEFA Champions League last-16 match, "Reds" Liverpool must visit the "White King" Real Madrid. After a 5-2 home defeat to Real Madrid, Liverpool lost 1-0 to Real Madrid, with Real Madrid scoring in the 79th minute from Karim. Benzema lost 2-6 to Real Madrid on aggregate and lost 6-2 to Real Madrid in the round of 16, while Real Madrid qualified for the last 8.
FIFA gives green light to increase squad to 48 teams for 2026 World Cup debut |FIFA The 2026 World Cup will be expanded from 32 to 48 teams, with the new format increasing the number of matches to 104 matches in the final round.The International Football Federation (FIFA) has confirmed that they have approved a new format for the 2026 World Cup co-hosted by the United States, Canada and Mexico, increasing the number of finalists from 32 to 48, with an increase of 40 matches. Revealed that the new format of the World Cup The first round will be divided into 12 groups of 4 teams, with the champion and runner-up of the group and the 8 best 3rd placed teams advancing to the Round of 32, resulting in an increase in the competition from 64 matches to 104 matches, an increase of 40 matches. Revenue increase target of more than £9 billion
Bolivia Football Association bans referee after 42 minutes|Bolivia Football League match between Palmafloor and Blooming A 42-minute injury break resulted in the entire referee being investigated and suspended.
The match ended in a 3-2 victory for Palmaflor, the game was hampered by heavy rain and frequent clashes, forcing referee Julio Gutierrez to watch VAR twice and two red cards for a total of 132 minutes. 42 minutes into VAR watching: Palmaflor's second goal and the away side's second red card after the game. Blooming fans were deeply upset and tried to protest the referee's actions that were perceived as unfair and time-lapse. Meanwhile, away fans criticised on Twitter that such a delay risked causing cuts to players and potentially harming them. A total of six referees were banned, including VAR referees. Gutierrez may be a FIFA rule-breaker, whose real-time injury time policy is something FIFA and Pierreluigi Collina are all set to do. Chairman of the FIFA Referees Committee Try to push for it in the Football League next season. Just as this standard was used at the World Cup in Qatar in the past, there was real time and was used in many matches, especially in the first round. For example, the English, Iranian pair had 27 minutes of injury time, and the average of each match was 103 minutes. A former Italian referee, he has played a huge role in football, often getting the job of refereeing important matches. Because of the precision of refereeing, he said in an interview that real-time injury time would help eliminate the problem of stalling players. It is pointed out that the time test of each referee is also problematic because there is no uniform standard. Each game includes joy after scoring, injuries, VAR, penalties and yellow and red cards, which FIFA wants to include in these moments in the Premier League. Instead, there was an opinion that the referee was too little. Because the second half was only 3 minutes away, the actual time wasted was very important, now considering that in the case of a shootout that is very far apart, the referee should use it. Does common sense, such as pity for the losing team, help determine the time of injury? As happened with the curry game, Man United were 7-0 down and the referee was sympathetic to Man United. This must also be considered carefully because of the number of goals and the time of injury. In the end, it will play a part in deciding the goal at the end of the season.
Athletics Association pulls Olympic gold medal intensive tutoring "Beau Exceptional"|The Athletics Association is ready to upgrade the capabilities of 17-year-old "Bue" Phuripol Boonson by pulling "Don Quarri", a former Jamaican whirlwind who won the Olympic Games gold medal in the 200m, to study intensively to correct Thepbiu's weaknesses on the night of March 18, 2023. Don Quarry Former world top sprinter The Jamaican has arrived in Thailand to take up a job as a consultant and coach for the Thai national athletics team. Quarry is a gold medalist in the 200-meter sprint and a silver medal in the 100-meter sprint at the 1976 Olympic Games in Canada. The women's 4 by 100 meters relay team won the gold medal and the men's 4 by 100 meters relay team won the silver medal. At the Asian Games in China. In 2010, it came to dominate even last year. Phuripol will have a great performance in the 100m at the World Youth Athletics Championships in Colombia in the semi-finals with a time of 10.09 seconds, which is the Thai record. Vietnam won 3 gold medals in the 100m, 200m and 4x100m, but the Athletics Association wants to elevate Puripol to the world level, especially the major problem that wants to hasten to close the weaknesses in block starts in order to have a better record. mohammed abass Being in the process of adulthood
Sports Association also hopes Thailand will broadcast "SEA Games"|Sports associations preparing to compete in the SEA Games in Cambodia are hoping for it to be broadcast live in Thailand. To encourage athletes and not to devalue the SEA Games today (March 20, 2023). Negotiations to buy the rights to broadcast the 32nd SEA Games in Thailand will not progress because host Cambodia has charged royalties of up to 28 million baht, which is 80 times more than the previous one. Vice President of SEA Games Federation and Sports Authority of Thailand SPORTS ASSOCIATIONS WHO PARTICIPATED IN THE 32ND MEET THE PRESS SEA GAMES HELD ON THE FIRST DAY SAW THE SEA GAMES AS AN IMPORTANT EVENT FOR THAI ATHLETES AS A PLATFORM FOR DEVELOPMENT TO REACH A HIGH LEVEL. FIRST DAY OF MEET THE PRESS SEA GAMES At the 32nd edition, 4 sports associations participated in the assessment along with the media. The Judo Association hopes for 3 gold medals, Wushu Sports Association hopes for 1 gold medal, Cricket Association hopes for 1 gold medal and Cycling Association hopes for 2 gold medals, for a total of 7 gold medals. The 29th SEA Games in 2017 were estimated by Malaysia with 109 gold medals. Thailand won only 72 gold medals, while in 2019, the Philippines estimated 121 gold medals, 92 gold medals, the last time last year Vietnam estimated 146 gold medals, and only 92 gold medals.
"Madam Pang" Tang "J Chanathip" wears the armband of the captain of the Thai national team.|"J-Chanathip Songkrasin" was appointed captain again. Lead the team in the FIFA Day battle. Meanwhile, the atmosphere of reporting yesterday, "War Elephant" joined in making a birthday surprise for "Madam Pang" who has a birthday today on March 20, 2023. The atmosphere of the surprise birthday of Nang Nuanpan Lamsam or "Madam Pang" at the age of 57 on March 21 and as the manager of the team "Madam Pang" also took the opportunity to announce the appointment of "J-Chanathip Songkrasin" to wear the captain's armband again for the senior national team footballers who were called up to the FIFA Day squad to report together, led by Chanathip Songkrasin and Supachok. Sarachart 2 J. League players who fly direct from Japan. This kit has a departure program. United Arab Emirates on March 23 and has a warm-up match against 2 nations with superior ranking. It starts with Syria on March 25, followed by the UAE. On March 28, for this squad, only Ekkanit Panya withdrew due to injury. While Theerathon Boonmatan and Suphanat Duengta, two major forces from Buriram, including Nicholas Mickelson. The Thai-Norwegian half-back, who was named in the senior national team for the first time, will join the team today.
"Tennis" Taekwondo at the 2023 SEA Games|"Panipak Wongpattanakit" Leading Thai Taekwondo team to the 2023 SEA Games in Cambodia to win the gold medal at the end of the competition today (March 21, 2023)  Asst.Prof.Pimon Srivikorn President of the Taekwondo Association of Thailand Travel to welcome the Thai Taekwondo team Led by Chatchai Che and Air Force Lieutenant Panipak Wongpattanakit, who returned from the Dutch Open and Belgian Open, the Thai Taekwondo team won 6 gold, 2 silver and 1 bronze medals. Asst. Prof. Pimol has announced the list of SEA Games athletes in the tennis field, revealing that this will be her last SEA Games, and she wants to win the gold medal for the SEA Games list of athletes in the women's combat category. Naphat Sritamongkol and Jack Woody Mercer are the new athletes competing in the SEA Games for the first time for the SEA Games Taekwondo program, which will be held from May 12-15.
"Pornpawee" defeats Denmark to win badminton Swiss Open 2023|"Nong Mew-Pornpawee Chochuwong" Beat athletes from Denmark to win the women's singles badminton championship. Yonex Swiss Open 2023On March 26, 2023 Yonex Swiss Open 2023 Badminton World Tour 300 Tournament in Switzerland World No. 11 Pornpawee Chochuwong Final World No. 23 Mia Blich-Feldt of Denmark, who has met twice before. Thai athletes are superior because they have won both times in a row, and this game is also "Nong Mew" who performed excellently, winning 2 games in a row by scores of 21-16 and 21-18 to win his 2nd World Tour title after the Spanish Masters in 2020 and receive 10,5,750 U.S. dollars or nearly 540,000 baht. Sompol Kukasemkit, the 1983 men's singles champion, and Dechapol Puavaranukroh and Sapsiree Taerattanachai won the mixed doubles title in 2017.
England beat Ukraine 2-0 at Euro Qualifiers|"Lion Roar" England still show aggressive and inconsiderate performance. They beat Ukraine 2-0 to get 6 points.  Kazakhstan, meanwhile, beat Denmark 3-2 at the Euros. UEFA European Championship qualification The highlight was the second leg of Group C, England, who beat Italy 2-1 in the previous game. Wembley Stadium Opening Against Ukraine in the 37th minute, England took a 1-0 lead through Bukayo Saka. With just three minutes left to play, the Lions took a 2-0 lead thanks to Saka's brilliant cross from the crossbar before spinning sideways with his left foot into the triangle to give England a 2-game winning streak. Italy are second with three points after beating Malta 2-0 last night, while the other highlight is Group H where Denmark qualified for the playoffs. Euro Football Last time, they went to Kazakhstan, which seemed to be an easy task for the away team. When Erasmus Heylund The 20-year-old striker scored twice in the 21 and 35th minutes to give Denmark a 2-0 lead, but Kazakhstan started to look hopeful when the Danish defender scored a handball in the penalty area and it was Bucktyor. Zainutdinov made it 2-1 in the 73rd minute, then in the 86th minute As-Kat Taki-Bergen scored a stunning long-range goal to give Kazakhstan a 2-2 lead, before Abat Embetov headed Kazakhstan into a 3-2 lead in the 89th minute.
France beat Ireland 1-0 to qualify for Euro 2024|France defender Benjamin Pavard scored the winning goal in a 1-0 win over Ireland to win 2 games in a row. Meanwhile, the Netherlands won. Gibraltar beat Gibraltar 3-0 in Euro 2024 qualifiers last night. The highlight was the second leg of Group B, with France, the last runners-up, going away. Ireland, despite the arrivals, dominated the attack and had several chances to score, but it took until the 50th minute from Benjamin Pavard. The defender, who fired a full shot, sent the ball beautifully under the crossbar into the goal. France led 1-0 at the end of the game, Ireland had two chances to equalise from headers, but the stickiness of France goalkeeper Mike Meignan was an incredible defense to help France beat Ireland. France beat Ireland 1-0 to qualify for Euro 2024 to win two games in a row. Leading the pack is the other match in the same group. The Netherlands, who lost four goals to France in their previous match. Regain confidence After the home opener win Gibraltar went 3-0 up with Memphis Depay giving his side a 3-0 lead in the first half. 23Before the second half, Nathan Ake The defender scored two goals in the 50th and 82nd minutes to give the Netherlands three points and third place in the group with the same points as Greece. When the Russian football team The home side beat Iraq 2-0 with goals from Anton Miranchuk in the 50th minute and Sergey Pinyaev in the 58th minute, marking the first time in nearly two years that Russia has played at home since being banned from the war with Ukraine.Related News: England They beat Ukraine 2-0 at the Euros. Qualifiers
Thailand 0-2 UAE kicks off FIFA Day warm-up|Thailand lost 2-0 to hosts UAE to end their FIFA Day warm-up match in a month. MarOn 28 Mar 2023 Thailand men's national football team competes in FIFA Day matchday 2 Thailand ranked 111th in the world Against hosts United Arab Emirates, ranked 70th in the world, Mano Polking made the most complete starting 11 players by replacing Kampol Pathomarnkhakul as the goalkeeper instead of Revolution Khammai who missed 2 strokes in the 3-1 Syrian game. Sarachart and Supachai Jaided found the net early as the Thai team had several chances to score. But the final stroke wasn't sharp. UAE took a 1-0 lead in the 55th minute thanks to a header from Hareb. Abdullah then attacked hard to hope for a draw. In the 79th minute, the home side took a free kick and turned the ball over to Abdulsalam. Mohammed Shoot it for the UAE. With a 2-0 win over Thailand, Thailand warmed up for FIFA Day 2 games in a row for the players to return to Thailand on March 30 at 8:00 a.m. Asian Qualifiers Round 2 of the month In November 2023, Thailand were in Pot 3 before the draw was held as the Under-23 football team reached the third place Doha Cup final in Qatar. Coach Issara Sritaro led Thailand against Kuwait and the 23-year-old tried his best to fight back before narrowly winning 1-0 with Kuwait scoring the winner in the first half thanks to Ibrahim's header. Kameel concluded the Thai team in this competition, playing 3 games, winning 1, drawing 1 and 1 game, finishing in 4th place, while South Korea after a 3-0 thrashing of the UAE, the 23-year-old will return to Thailand this evening (March 29) at 7 p.m. before preparing to chase back the SEA Games from Vietnam at the end of the month. This April in CambodiaRead more news Scotland Spain beat Spain 2-0 in Euro 20245 qualifiers April "Thailand and Cambodia" negotiate to knock the purchase price of "SEA Games" license
Thailand national underwater dance team sweeps 12 gold medals in Italy|Great work, athletes "underwater dance" Thailand won 12 gold medals and 1 silver medal. In Italy, the Malta Open will be played again on April 6-8. Today (4 April 2023) Swimming Association of Thailand Send the Thai national underwater dance team The 10'Tofrio Toothi Ma Proprio in H2O Brixia Open International will be held from March 25 to 26, 2023 and April 2, 2023 in Italy. The competition consisted of 4 countries, Italy, Thailand, Belgium and Germany. Sending athletes to participate, it appears that the Thai national underwater dance team performed excellently, winning 12 gold medals and 1 silver medal. The Thai underwater dancers will compete in the "Malta Open" from 6 - 8 April 2023 in the Republic of Malta, an international competition featuring the country's national underwater dancers and member sports club athletes.   
Thailand joins Vietnam-Malaysia line Football SEA Games|Football at the SEA Games has already been drawn by lottery for both men and women, with the men's team considered quite challenging from the first round.  When having to be in line with the reigning champions Vietnam, the draw for the men's SEA Games in Cambodia appeared that the Thai national team. Runners-up Under independent coach Sritaro is in Group B alongside reigning champions Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore and Laos. Cambodia, Indonesia, Myanmar, Philippines and Timor-Leste, with the winners and runners-up of each group advancing to the semi-finals from the perspective of "Coach Heng" Wittaya Laokul. The former president of the Football Association Technical Development admitted that football in ASEAN has developed in all nations. This outfit must focus on teamwork as well as trying to find clear play as quickly as possible, both offensively and defensively, as one talent alone is not enough to become a champion for the Thai national team. SEA Games Fighting Suit The main frame will come from the 4th place Doha Cup squad led by Jonatarn Kemdee, Coronationkol Ruangtanaroj, Channarong Promsrikaew, Songchai Thongjuicy and Teerasak Phimai but with the match not matching the FIFA Day calendar. It remains to be seen whether Buriram will release Suphanat Duengta to help the team as it plans to send to Europe to train for work permits for the SEA Games, which will run from April 29 until May 16. Chaba Kaew Thai was drawn into Group B along with hosts Cambodia, Singapore and Laos, while Group A was quite heavy with reigning champions Vietnam and ASEAN champions Philippines. Myanmar, Malaysia and Indonesia have recently announced their withdrawal from the tournament. As a result, the women's football team in the SEA Games will be reduced to 8 teams, with the Thai women's football team making its debut against Singapore on May 3.
The agency believes in "echo Finish TOP 5 "Moto2" |Honda "Kong-Somkiat Chandra" is confident that "Kong" can finish in the TOP 5 motorcycle world championship Moto2, despite the opening of the season, failed to finish on the podium. On 6 Apr 2023 With Moto2 opening the 2023 season for two races, Kong-Somkiat Chandra of Idemitsu Honda Team Asia, who is competing in Moto2 for the fifth year in a row, has not been as scorching as it should have been. Finished 9th and 2nd in Argentina. With a finish of eighth, the overall standings now stands at 15 points, ninth place, 26 points behind leader Toni Alborina of Italy despite high expectations this year. After last year's "Kong" show top performance, Kong's agency insisted that there is no pressure because it mainly looks at development, which this year has passed 2 races, it is clear that Kong has better concentration and can drive until the end of both races, and sees that there are still 19 courses to win this year. Kong-Somkiat Chandra's next circuit will be the third race in the United States from April 14-16. Kong won 1 championship in Indonesia, 4 podiums and 1 pole position, collecting 128 points. Read more: WHO to lift COVID-19 state of emergency later this year, Czech provinces! Prepare for the "Summer Storm" 7-9 Apr
Chaba Kaew beat Mongolia 6-0 in the 2nd round of the Olympic qualifiers.|Thailand women's national football team They beat Mongolia 6-0 to win the second round of the 2024 Women's Olympic Games qualifiers on April 7, 2023 at Chonburi Stadium. 2024 FIFA Women's Olympic Games qualification first round Group D second leg Thailand women's national football team vs Mongolia first game Thailand beat Singapore 6-0 while Mongolia drew 2-2. Headed by Patranan Uppchai, Ploy Chompoo Somnuk and Nathawadee Prumnak started the game just 11 minutes from the moment the Mongolian goal received Jiraporn Mongkoldee's shot and pounced into the path of Nathawadee Prumnak repeatedly to give Thailand a 1-0 lead in the 16th minute. Leading 2-0 in the 27th minute, Panittha Jeerattanapavibul crossed for Ploy Chompoo. Somnuk scored the first shot on the save before repeating it. Glass hibiscus Leading 3-0 and ending the first half with this score in the 50th minute from a short corner kick before Orawan Kirisuwankul. Chaba Kaew led 4-0 Mongolia in the 69th minute, Thailand won a penalty from the stroke. The Mongolian defence scored a handball before Jiraporn Mongkoldee put it in for Chaba Kaew to make it 5-0. It was his second goal of the game. They beat Mongolia 6-0 with six points from two matches. Thailand women's national football team qualified 2024 Women's Olympic Games Second Qualifying Round The Thailand women's national football team will continue to prepare its team for the 32nd SEA Games in Cambodia. At the end of April, Chotimanee Thongmongkol (GK), Kanchanaporn Sankhun, Supaporn Intaraprasit, Panittha Jeerattanapaviboon, Chatchawan Nipawan Pannosuk, Nipawan Pannosuk, Nathawadee Prumnak, Jiraporn Mongkoldee, Orapin Ringsilver, Pattanan Uppchai, Ploy Chompoo sajjad a
Madrid beat Chelsea 2-0 in the first leg of their UEFA Champions League round of 8 tie.|Real Madrid show worthy of the former champions The home side beat Chelsea 2-0 to secure their advantage ahead of the second leg to secure a ticket to the semi-finals. UEFA Champions League round of 8 first leg In the first leg of the UEFA Champions League last-8 tie, Real Madrid opened their home match against Chelsea.14-time champions Real Madrid dominated the game and took the lead in the 22nd minute of the first half thanks to Karim's repetitive shot. Benzema went into the second half in the 59th minute as Chelsea situation worsened. When Ben Chilwell deliberately pulled Rodrygo down on a solo break. The referee was shown a red card before Madrid scored the winning goal in the 74th minute thanks to Marco Asensio's goal. The defending champions won 2-0 before the second leg at Stamford Bridge. Next Tuesday, another match of prestige, will be a duel between two teams from the Italian league between AC Milan. Open House Encounter Napoli, which is this match, Milan. The home side won 1-0 with a first-half winner from Ismael Bennacer in the 40th minute, while Napoli were down to 10 men in the second half when Andre Anguissa scored. The Cameroon midfielder was sent off in the 75th minute after receiving two yellow cards and Napoli will be given another chance to defend themselves next week.  
 Man Utd win Brighton on penalties FA Cup Final |Manchester United beat the fans until the last drop. Brighton face city rivals Manchester City in the FA Cup semi-final second leg of the FA Cup semi-final. Manchester United, the fourth-placed team, face Brighton. The 8th place team, despite my name, is second, but Brighton can fight "Red Devils" with fun. They created scoring chances on both sides, but throughout the 120 minutes of the game, in normal time and in extra time, nothing could be done. Both Manchester United and Brighton scored consecutive goals from all six men until seventh man Sully. Marsh of Brighton Missed shot off target. Before Victor Lindelof The defender of Man Utd will score the final goal to help "Red Devils" win. Brighton The 7-6 penalty shoot-out defeat to Manchester City in the final will be played on Saturday, June 3, for the first time in the history of the two teams from Manchester. Also play in derby matches in cup finals.
Manchester United drew 2-2 with Sevilla in the Europa League.|Manchester United drew 2-2 with Sevilla in the Europa League last-8 first leg. They will face off again at home to Sevilla next week to secure a ticket to the playoffs. Europa League last-8 first leg The highlight is the Manchester United game. The Red Devils dominated Marcel Sabitzer with two solo goals in the 14th and 20th minutes to give Manchester United a two-goal lead in the first half into the second half. The home side had several more chances to score but failed to do so before the game broke the deadlock, starting with Tyrell Malacia. He scored an own goal in the 83rd minute and then in injury time, Manchester United equalised. When the opponent's header ricocheted past Harry Maguire into his own goal again. The match ended in a 2-2 draw before both teams face off at home to Sevilla next week to secure a ticket to the playoffs. The "Red Devils" team continues to face bad news. Let's start with Raphael Varane and Lisandro. Key defender Martinez II suffered an injury in the game and could not continue to play and could be ruled out for the final stretch of the season as key playmaker Bruno Fernandes was shown a yellow card in the match. Unable to help the team against Sevilla in the 2nd leg because of a 1-match ban.
"Ajitpol" joins the army of war elephants to strengthen the front of the SEA Games series|In a few days, the 32nd SEA Games in Cambodia will kick off, with the Thai SEA Games national football team getting more confident when "Ajitpol Kiriram" flew in to join the team and carried a lot of confidence after scoring for the German League Two club. Issara Sritaro continues to divide training into three phases and discusses ways to prevent athletes from accidentally using banned substances during competitions. In addition, several players who have completed their mission with the club have been added to the squad. Led by "Wood" kireerom a A striker from German League Two side Augsburg, whose training session has been moved slightly due to heavy rain, Ajitpol believes he scored for the German club before arriving in Thailand. It contributes to positive energy along with regaining confidence as well. After the previous Ajitpol played for Thailand U-23 at the Asian Championship in Uzbekistan. In the middle of last year, I was familiar with many of my teammates. Ajitpol is one of the hopeful strikers of the SEA Games squad as the team will be without Bank Suphanat like his eyes who went to Europe and Tonteerasak Phimai who is at the pier to play in the Thai League for a chance to qualify for the Asian Cup for the Thai SEA Games team with 2 days left before cutting down to the final 20 athletes and traveling to Cambodia. Thailand vs Singapore on Sunday 30 April at 4 p.m.
Dream come true "Kong Huai Rai" to play Thai League 2 touching the ball 1 time thoroughly! |Play for fans to rush to cheer when "Kong Huai Rai" The famous singer made his debut for the Thai League 2 even though the end of the season was near. He recently touched the ball on the pitch on behalf of the players. Samut Prakan City "Kong Huai Rai" In addition to being a famous singer. He is also a footballer for Samut Prakan City, although he did not get a chance to play at the end of the season. Kong Huai Rai A Facebook post with a tag for head coach Thana Chanabutr pulled the river to give up various gratitudes that he had done to ask for a chance to send the coach on the pitch once, even if it was just one minute. On 23 Apr 2023 In Samut Prakan City vs Chiang Mai FC, the dream of "Kong Huai Rai" or Akradej It's true. When sent off the pitch late in the game. Kong Huay Rai came on in the 88th minute and he tried his best to chase the ball before the team lost 1-3 to Chiang Mai FC in the last 6-7 minutes. The only thing Kong Huai Rai set a record is that he touched the ball 1 time thoroughly, but it was an offside stroke and even though he was on the pitch very little, but in the eyes of football fans and the media were interested, in addition to Kong Huai Rai, there were many singers who had registered as professional players, including Tono-Pakin Khamvilayasak, who had played for Ratchaburi in the top league and with Ayutthaya United in the Thai League 2. The owner of the catchy song "Ai has a reason" who used to be named as a Kasetsart club player. Pai-Pongsathorn Srichanthorn, who plays for Yasothon FC in the Thai League 3 and became the captain of the team, has played professional football continuously both as a starter and as a substitute, as well as scoring 1 goal in the 2020-21 Thai League 3 and before playing for Yasothon, Phai has played for Thonburi City and Samut Songkhram.
Cambodia's 20 squads for the 2023 Southeast Asian Games |Football Association of Thailand List of 20 players for the Thailand men's national football team The 32nd SEA Games will be held in Cambodia today (April 26, 2023), according to the Football Association of Thailand. Under His Majesty's Patronage, the Thailand men's national football team was sent The under-22 team competed in the men's football competition at the 32nd SEA Games in Cambodia. During 29 April - 16 May 2023, the Football Association of Thailand would like to announce the names of the Thai men's national football team. 20 under-22 players with the following names: #Goalkeeper1.Thirawut 2.Sophonwit Rakkin #Defender3.Abhisit Sanseekham Roll 4.Coronation Ruangtanaroj 5.Songchai Thongjuicy 6.Jonathon 7.Bukhari Lomdee8.Phongsakorn Trisart9.Chakrabong Sanmahung#Midfielder10.Chayapipat Suphan Phesach11.Irfan Dole12.Purchet Todsanit13.Leon Pichaya James14.Setthasit Suwannaset15.Channarong Promsrikaew16.Teerapak Preangna17.Anand Yodsangwan#Forward18.Teerasak Phimai 19.Yosakorn Burapa20.Ajitpol Kirirom for Thailand national under-22 football team will travel to Cambodia. On 27 April 2023, they gathered at Suvarnabhumi International Airport at 05.00 hrs. There is a competition program. As follows: 30 April 2023 at 16.00 hrs. vs Singapore at Prince Stadium on 6 May 2023 at 16.00 hrs. vs Malaysia at Prince Stadium on 8 May 2023 at 16.00 hrs. Laos vs Thailand at Prince Stadium on 11 May 2023 at 19.00 hrs. Vietnam vs Thailand at Prince Stadium The semi-finals will be played on 13 May 2023. The final will be played at the National Stadium on 16 May 2023. Read related news "Madam Pang" released "Teerasak" to fight in SEA Games despite having 3 league games left "Ajitpol" joins the army of war elephants to strengthen the striker of the SEA Games series Thailand joins Vietnam-Malaysia Football SEA Games   
War elephants fly to Cambodia to fight SEA Games |Thailand's SEA Games squad travels to Cambodia Issara believes the team is fully prepared for its first game against Singapore on April 30. Today (27 April 2023) at 05.00 at Suvarnabhumi International Airport. The Thailand men's national football team, the SEA Games squad, gathered to prepare for a trip to Cambodia. Head coach with 18 players by Jonathon Kemdee and Settasit Suwannasate Will follow to join Issara Sritaro later. The head coach of the Thai national team said: "We are now 90 per cent ready, just two people who will join us. It should be good for another 2 days. I believe our players have the potential to get through the first game, the first game is always a tough game. I want you to concentrate on playing. The absence of two players in the first game, we have a plan to use it in the next game. The first two games we will use the people we have. We have been training in similar conditions. I heard that it may be a little hotter than our home. Leave the fans to cheer for you. Hopefully we can win the gold medal this time. Phimai Reveal The Thai national team striker said he was happy to help the team in the SEA Games and will try his best. There's a difference between playing for club and country. We have to serve our country and win the gold medal before we come here. The club president insisted that he do his best. Give me back the gold medal and don't get hurt back. The first game against Singapore, we hope to win because a lot of this outfit has come back from Qatar, so we will do our best and do our best. Now I have to increase my energy because in the past, the team trained 3 times a day. Morning, lunch, evening. Let's cheer up the Thai fans to cheer us on. We will do our best and get the gold medal back for the Thailand Under-22 national football team going to Cambodia. On 27 April 2023, they gathered at Suvarnabhumi International Airport at 05.00 hrs. There is a competition program. As follows: 30 April 2023 at 16.00 hrs. vs Singapore at Prince Stadium on 6 May 2023 at 16.00 hrs. Malaysia vs Thailand at Prince Stadium on 8 May 2023 at 16.00 hrs. Laos vs Thailand at Prince Stadium on 11 May 2023 at 19.00 hrs. Vietnam vs Thailand at Prince Stadium The semi-finals will be played on 13 May 2023. The final will be played at the National Stadium on 16 May 2023. The 20 names of the war elephants for the 2023 SEA Games Cambodia "Madam Pang" released "Teerasak" to compete in the SEA Games despite having 3 league games remaining. "Ajitpol" joins the army of war elephants to strengthen the striker of the SEA Games series   
Man Utd led by two goals before being chased by Spurs in the second half. |"Red Devils" drew with "Tottenham" 2-2. Despite scoring two goals early, United remain fourth, two points behind Newcastle, with less than one game to play. Tottenham Hotspur face Manchester United, who are both looking to make the top four, with Spurs coach Ryan Mason making his debut in the first half. The visitors took the lead with two goals from Jadon Sancho in the seventh minute and Marcus Rashford in the 44th minute, but the second half looked like a different movie. This time, it was the "Spurs" side who outperformed the remaining 45 minutes of Pedro Porro. A shallow strike in the 56th minute before Son Heun-min scored to tie the game at 2-2 in the 79th minute and end the match with another Newcastle win. Everton's 4-1 thrashing leaves United in fourth place, two points behind Newcastle with one game less, while Spurs are looking to finish in the top four with six points behind Manchester United with two games to play. 
"Pupil Choi" Leading Thai snooker team to win SEA Games gold medal|Billiards Association of Thailand Aiming to win 2 SEA Games gold medals in "Tong Sitchoi" Agree that the SEA Games This time it will not be easy but will try to lead the Thai snooker team. Bring back the gold medal for Q Sports at the 32nd SEA Games in Cambodia today (April 29, 2023). 17 snooker players will compete for 10 gold medals. He's practicing in the final stretch. Led by Tong Sitchoi or Wattana Phuobom. The only gold medalist of the Thai snooker team in the last SEA Games for this SEA Games. Veteran athlete "Rom" Surin, who competed in the SEA Games for the 16th time, revealed that winning the gold medal for Thai snooker players is not easy. President of the Billiards Association of Thailand Said for the Billiards Association of Thailand The Thai team is confident that they will have 2 gold medals from snooker, billiards and pool for all 17 snooker players to leave for Cambodia. The match will begin on May 7.Read more: Thailand men's national football team Cambodia prepares to beat SEA Games
Liverpool beat Tottenham Hotspur 4-3 in the Premier League|Liverpool beat Spurs 4-3 while Manchester City beat Tottenham Hotspur. Fulham beat Fulham 2-1 in the English Premier League, the English Premier League Big Match at Anfield, Liverpool. With just 15 minutes to go, Liverpool took a 3-0 lead through Curtis Jones, Luis Diaz and Mohamed's penalty. But Tottenham Hotspur did not give up with two goals from Harry Kane and Son Slash Min before substitute Richarlison scored to make it 3-3 for Spurs in injury time. Liverpool beat Tottenham Hotspur 4-3 Liverpool moved up to fifth with 56 points. Tottenham Hotspur have 54 points and are sixth in the tie for Fulham. Manchester City beat Fulham 2-1 to move one point ahead of Arsenal at Craven Cottage and one game less than Arsenal.
"Chaba Kaew" trained for the first time in Cambodia and is ready to play against Singapore in the first SEA Games.|Chaba Kaew Thai army prepares to play first match in SEA Games against Singapore tomorrow "Coach Kang-Narupol" is confident that this outfit has good enough talent today (May 2, 2023). The Thailand women's national football team, which is preparing to play its first match in the SEA Games against Singapore tomorrow, yesterday (May 1) held its first training session at Smart RSN Stadium by coach Kang Narupol Kaenson who spent about 1.30 hours training with an emphasis on tactical review and physical strength development. Coach Kang also thinks that in Cambodia, Wrong with the news on social media earlier because the hosts Cambodia have welcomed the Chaba Kaew team very well, including the hotel accommodation is still considered okay and the training ground is still considered valid, but the most important thing is that the players must concentrate on football as much as possible, with the Chaba Kaew Thai team going to play their first game in SEA Games Group B. vs Singapore on Wednesday, May 3 at 4pmRelated News:Thailand beats Singapore 3-1 at the 2023 SEA Games
Cambodia confirms readiness to host SEA Games 2023 Opening ceremony May 5|Cambodia confirmed its readiness to host the 32nd SEA Games using the National Sports Center Heritage Techo at the opening ceremony on May 5 today (May 3, 2023), with two days left until the opening ceremony of the SEA Games in Cambodia's history. In the past 64 years, the hosts have expressed their readiness to host various sporting events, especially the newly built Heritage Teisho National Sports Center as the Main Stadium for this tournament and used for the opening ceremony of the 32nd SEA Games on May 5. Phnom Penh was selected to host the 1963 SEA Games but was unable to host the Games due to Cambodia's financial problems at the time. Cambodia competes in 37 sports until May 17.Related News: Thailand National Chess Team Aim for grabs 4 SEA Games gold medallist "Chaba Kaew" trained for the first time in Cambodia and ready to play against Singapore in the first SEA Games match, Thailand debuted with a 3-1 win over Singapore at the 2023 SEA Games.
"Kraisih" President of the Association is confident "Petanque" Don't miss 4 golds at the 2023 SEA Games|"Kraisih" President of the Association is confident "Petanque" Don't miss out on 4 golds SEA Games 2023 is considered the best team, including world champion athletes "Tai" Pantipa and "Fai" Nantawan, champions of the SEA Games in Vietnam. Today (3 May 2023) Mr. Kraisi Kannasut President of the Petanque Sports Association of Thailand The 32nd SEA Games in Cambodia are considered the best team at the moment. "Tai" Pantipa Wongchuvej "Fai" Nantawan Fuengsanit, as well as the 31st SEA Games champion in Vietnam and the 2022 Asian champion, also coached by a coaching staff with extensive international and world experience, which ensures that he will not miss the SEA Games gold medal. He said he had told all the athletes to do their best to compete. Losing or winning is a matter of sport and must behave appropriately as a representative of the Thai national team and play on the field with confidence, not putting pressure on yourself and not being afraid of the crowd during the competition. Host Cambodia, which has several world champions and SEA Games champions. As for the Vietnamese team, where the athletes have improved a lot, which cannot be underestimated. The goal is to win 4 gold medals from a total of 11 gold medals at the last SEA Games in Vietnam. The Thai team won 4 gold medals out of a total of 9 gold medals for the 32nd SEA Games preparatory coaches and athletes. Kasem Promyen Trainer Mr. Anek Phukok Maj. Gen. Ruchumon Vichaidit Capt. Ying Porntip Boonpetch Sgt. Thalingkiat Phusaard Mr. Smart Thongprathet Capt. Paitoon Jomkamsingh, male athlete Ekarin Kaewla Mr. RATTA Good Words Mr. Thavornsit Rajkot S.A. Anupol Pathan Mr. ANUPONG Khamfu Thanakorn Sangkaew Sgt. Suphan Thongphu Col. Sarawut Sriboonpeng Mr. PANUKORN RERKSANIT Mr. Pongsakorn Inphu Mr. AKARNCHAI MIKONG Gen. Charoenwit Ketusatban, female athlete Col. Ying Natya Yuthong Ms. Sudarat Thason Female Capt. Thongsi Tamakot Female Lt. Pantipa Wongchuvej Female Lt. Nantawan Fuengsanit Sgt. Ying Ampawan Suwanpruek Ms. Sirion Saracheep Ms. Lalita skillful Female Lt. Rossukon Thongthanom Miss Panadda Chan Duang, Ms. Kanthorn Chuchuai and Ms. Piyamat Prapassorn
"Chaba Kaew" beat Singapore 4-0 2023 SEA Games debut|Chaba Kaew beat Singapore 4-0 in the first round of the group stage. 2023 Southeast Asian Games in Cambodia  Date (3 May 2023) at 4.00 p.m. at Smart RSN Stadium, SEA Games Women's Football Group B First Leg Thailand vs Singapore Narupol Kaenson, Head Coach of Thailand National Team Saowaluck Penggam, Orapin Ringsilver and Jiraporn Mongkoldee were the front three to start the game just 5 minutes, Thailand took a 1-0 lead from Saowaluck Penggam's goal in the 15th minute, Jiraporn Mongkoldee crossed the ball with Orapin Haengeng and Orapin Ringsilver who fired the ball with the right into the goal to give Thailand a 2-0 lead in the 28th minute. The rest of the time, both teams couldn't do anything. The first half ended with this score, starting the second half. Thailand still had more possession than in the 50th minute, Patranan Upachai slipped into a duel with the goalkeeper but his shot caught the Singapore goalkeeper in the 67th minute. Thailand led 4-0 in the remaining period, with no score at the end of the game, Thailand beat Singapore 4-0. The Thailand women's national football team will compete in the SEA Games women's football group B. The second leg is against Laos at Smart RSN Stadium on 6 May 2023 at 4 p.m. for the starting eleven. Kanchanaporn Sankhun, Supaporn Intaraprasit, Nipawan Pannosuk (C), Jiraporn Mongkoldee, Pluemjai Sontisawat, Chatchawan Rodthong, Pattanan Uppchai, Saowalak Penggam,Orapin Silver Ring, Tiffany Darunee Sontri (GK), Orawan Kirisuwankul
Messi to move without renewing Paris Saint-Germain contract|Lionel Messi will not renew his contract with Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season. Prepare to spend tens of billions on Messi Fabrizio Romano Famous Italian journalist Lionel Messi has decided to leave Paris Saint-Germain after his current contract expires in the month. This June, it says "Jorge". Messi's father, who acts as his personal agent, has been informing the club since last month. April says "Messi" Paris Saint-Germain decided not to renew his contract with the club just two days earlier. Messi was suspended for 2 weeks and fined for 2 weeks after he missed training and travelled to Saudi Arabia without the club's permission. Cristiano Ronaldo is set to spend £320 million, or about 13,740 million baht per year, more than twice as much as Cristiano Ronaldo, to motivate Messi. Messi moved from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain. In 2021, he made 37 appearances in all competitions, scoring 20 goals and providing 19 assists. After beating Chelsea 3-1, "Chaba Kaew" beat "Singapore" 4-0. 2023 SEA Games debut
"Supavadee - Kulsatri" Yujitsu pair make their gold debut for Thai athletes at the 2023 SEA Games|"Thanks. Kaew Sa Saen - Kulsatri Khamsaroi, the Thai national team of Yujitsu duo, showed off their fighting moves before winning the first gold medal for Thai athletes at the 2023 SEA Games in Cambodia today (May 4, 2023). The opening ceremony of the 32nd SEA Games in Phnom Penh, Cambodia will take place on May 5, but the sport has already begun to compete for medals, especially in the women's doubles class, which is the highest hope of winning a medal from "Som" Supawadee. Kaew Sa Saen And "Nat" Kulsatri Khamsaroi, the 2021 World Champion, appeared that 2 Thai girls showed strong fighting style until they impressed the judges. He won his first gold medal. They beat hosts Cambodia, who won the silver medal, and Vietnam, who won the gold medal after their first gold medal. The duo, who have been training together for more than 10 years, even looked into their eyes and won the championship this time amid pressure from hosts Cambodia. And the ultimate goal of the SEA Games is to win the world championship again. In a month This July, in Mongolia, the men's duo Navin made a glass with Panuwat Deeyatam, last year's Asian champion. Losing the last game to Cambodia's opponents, they only won the silver medal. It made both of them sad and crying. The bronze is Vietnam, which is the first official gold medal for host Cambodia at the 2023 SEA Games. Women's 52 kg Nuchanat Clever Leo Won the bronze medal of the young national team. Increase your chances of qualifying for the last 4 of the playoffs are quite bright. After today's thrilling 3-1 win over Vietnam in the men's volleyball match at the Olympic Stadium. The Thai national team in red yesterday won against Malaysia 3 sets against the runners-up Vietnam in this game, the Thai team sent Saranjit Charoensuk as the setter and captain of the team, followed by Krisda Nilsai. Abdullah A. In the first set, the Thai team led 8-4, but Vietnam accelerated the game at the end to win 23-25 to take a 1-0 lead, but when the young Thai team tried to solve the game, even though the serve ball did not come, but the pole ball and short ball and the right substitution by South Korean coach Park Ki-won were done at the right time to lead the team to win the next 3 sets with scores of 25-17, 25-23 and 25-23 to win 3-1 sets over Vietnam. Another game in the first round against Myanmar. For the Thai men's team, tomorrow they will rest before playing against Myanmar. The final match will be on Saturday, May 6 at 12:00 p.m. If they win, they will win the group immediately.Related News: Tony Payne fall over Broken ribs to miss marathon SEA Games 2023 "Chaba Kaew" beat "Singapore" 4-0 2023 SEA Games debut 
"Tony Payne." fall over Broken ribs to miss marathon SEA Games 2023|Thai marathon runner Tony Payne may have to withdraw from the 2023 SEA Games in Cambodia. After a fall accident Causing rib fracture on (May 3, 2023) Thailand National Athletics Team The SEA Games outfit must receive bad news before the tournament begins. When Tony Payne, a half-Thai-New Zealand marathon runner The 34-year-old, who owns the record for the best marathon time in Thailand at 2.16.56 hours, may have to withdraw. After a fall accident Tony posted on his personal social media that he had suffered a fall accident that broke his 8th rib on the left side, causing him to feel pain and shortness of breath. Issara Sritaro emphasizes on the players to diversify their attacking game and increase their relationships within the team. It takes about 1.30 hours at Thep Pranom School, which is away from the Thai players' accommodation. Coach Hara, along with coach Book Bamrung Boonprom, tutored the attacking players to diversify the game and urged the Thai players to finish more decisively than the first game. Thailand will play their second game against Malaysia on Saturday, May 6 at 4 p.m. at the Prince Stadium. Malaysia beat Laos 5-1 and reigning champions Vietnam beat Singapore 3-1 to move Vietnam to the top of the group with 6 points from 2 wins, Malaysia 2 and Thailand 3 but less than 1 match. Related News: "Chaba Kaew" beat Singapore 4-0 Debut of SEA Games 2023 "Kraisih" President of the Association is confident "Petanque" Don't miss 4 golds at the 2023 SEA GamesCambodia Confirming readiness for the 2023 SEA Games Opening ceremony May 5
Cambodia kicks off SEA Games 2023|Cambodia officially held the opening ceremony of the 2023 SEA Games at the Teisho Heritage Stadium. Full of grand performance with spectacular light and sound "Zone Xiao-Mei" Gold Medal Taekwondo Athlete Cambodia's first Asian Games torch lighting today (May 5, 2023) Opening Ceremony of the 2023 SEA Games or 32nd SEA Games at the National Teisho Heritage Stadium, Phnom Penh Cambodia was held in a grand manner packed with spectacular lights and sounds, presided over by His Holiness Decho Hun Sen, Prime Minister. The representative of the Thai government will be Dr. Kongsakd Yodmani, Governor of Sports Authority of Thailand Heritage Tei Cho The opening ceremony of the SEA Games has been bustling since the afternoon, with Cambodians gradually entering the stadium with excitement. Painting their faces with the Cambodian flag, fully dressed. Because this is the first major international sporting event, the ceremony will officially begin at 7 p.m. and will be attended by many Cambodians and tourists. Meanwhile, the Teisho Heritage Stadium It has a capacity of 60,000 seats but can accommodate up to 75,000 people for the Cambodian presentation host. With the series "Origin of Khamer" followed by "The Beauty of Angkor". The next series, "Khmer smile". The fourth series "The Future of Cambodia" and the last series "1 Society 1 Destiny". Cambodia's first Asian Games torch lighter at the opening ceremony was also the first time in Thai basketball history that an athlete was carrying a Thai flag. Bringing athletes into the field of the opening ceremony of the SEA Games is "Om" Chanathip Chakrawan. Thailand national basketball team players The 203cm tall owner who before entering the stadium at the opening ceremony has trained three basketball players who will compete tomorrow (May 6) as the reigning champions. Open the history of Om "Chanathip Chakrawan", the Thai flag bearer, leading the athletes to the SEA Games stadium "Supawadee - Kulsatri" Yujitsu pair makes her debut for Thai SEA Games 2023 "Tony Payne" fall over Broken ribs to miss marathon SEA Games 2023 "Chaba Kaew" beat "Singapore" 4-0 2023 SEA Games debut
