title|content
The young man drove the rich on the highway.Lift them up the police stationPunch the police, the nose is broken-the little finger is broken.|The young man lifted up the police station. 1 asked the reason to set the rubber cone on the expressway. After driving until the car is damaged The police clarified it was punching the nose. The little hand of the right hand (28 Nov 64) at 8:00 pm, Police Lieutenant Aran Chavanon, Deputy Deputy Chief of Staff, Express Traffic Control Center, Kor Kor. Yesterday (27 Nov 64) at approximately 23.00 hrs. While he performed his duties at the Expressway 1 police station, he had a name later. The police station by informing that at 8:00 pm, he drove a white Honda Jazz brand on the Port 2 Expressway heading to Bang Na. Before Chonchon Rich Tang Which is located on the traffic surface Until causing the car to be damaged He therefore tried to clarify the cause of the rubber cone and explain the law to the police. Revealed that after that, Mr. Sittichok has argued. Then became anger and resentment He therefore informed him to contact the traffic officer during office hours. But the man spoke loudly And bring the phone to take pictures So he raised his hand to close the camera and told him to calm down. Mr Sitthok used the fist to fight into his face until the nosebleeds flowed. While the group of male friends who came with the attitude to attack, Pol. After Mr Sitthok caused the incident, he drove out of the police station. He was sent to treatment at the police hospital. The doctor sewed the wounds around the nose and diagnosed that the right hand bone, right hand, broken. Revealed that After the incident, he learned that while he was treated Mr Sittichok, the parties, reported to condone themselves to assault with the investigating officers at the Port Police Station. By claiming that the side of the police tried to draw a gun And punching Mr. Sittok first He therefore reported to the Port Police Station. Initially, in the matter of reporting charges At this time, it is not possible to notify. Since the inquiry official is in the process of collecting evidence Including requesting images from CCTV on the expressway To be considered
Grandma led the grandchildren to report more.The monk uses a rocket.Claiming 4 herds of hernia|Grandmother, Primary 5, reported to the offense. While another grade 6 grandmother came out, revealed that the grandchildren were hit 2 times, including 4 children being done, expected to have more victims (29 Nov 64) officials from social development and human security. , The police suppressing human trafficking And related agencies Traveled to meet Phra Sombat, 40 years old, Abbot of Pradu Temple To investigate the facts After becoming news Forcing grade 3 students and grade 5, spinning the genitals until the orgasm And later a grade 1 student came out and revealed that 5 years ago was hit by the abbot Doing the same. Most recently, there was another grade 6 grandmother to report. After the grandchildren told The abbot has done the same 2 times. In total, there were 4 children being done to report 2 monks and expected to add more victims. Because of this kind of way for many years, Mr Thongthip Phu Si to specialist in specialized social developers The Office of Social Development and Human Security states that there must be a thorough investigation. That the story that the child told Is it true? There will be many agencies together. Which must be fair to all parties Especially the abbot Who still denied that they did not act Confessed only that To massage the genitals only. Later, Grandma, the 5th grade boy who came out to give information to the first teacher. Traveled to meet the inquiry official Confirmed to condone the abbot or His Majesty's abundance While the children of Primary 5 were found, the inquiry official was 58 years old. That was abbot Do the same 2 times but do not dare to tell Grandma. Until the same school students revealed Therefore dare to tell Grandma After this, it will be allowed to follow the legal procedures. To protect your own grandchildren
8 -year -old girl raped by a neighborThe wife was slander.The nephew is really sneaking.|8 -year -old girl raped by a neighbor The wife was slander from the relatives of the child. The nephew leaned in front of the room. Really saw (29 Nov 64), police officers, Pa Mok Police Station and the police proven evidence. Ang Thong Provincial Police, inspecting the house, Village No. 7, Rong Chang Subdistrict, Pa Mok District, Ang Thong Province After being informed by Mr. Anuchit, 30 years old, relatives of Girls B. (Assuming name) 8 years old that Nong B, who is a grandchildren, was always 66 years old, the neighbors raped. By the incident in the said house Before Nong Bee told Mr. Anuchit The officer always detained him to investigate at Pa Mok Police Station before being imprisoned at Ang Thong Prison immediately. Mrs. Lukchan, 32 years old, Nong's mother told me that she didn't know anything. But Nong Bing went to tell Mr. Anuchit, who was always raped by Mr. Anuchit 3, before Mr Anuchit informed the police and the village headman to arrest him at the police station. When he knew the matter, he felt stressed and would prosecute the end as Nong B told that You always let the grandchildren push into the bedroom inside the house and take off the pants. Before you always take off your pants and do it 3 times. At that time, I was hurt and scared but didn't dare to cry. Until after you always left the room, he ran out to tell Mr. Anuchit, who was abused before informing the police, while Mr Anuchit Revealed that he was sitting at home, eating with relatives Saw Nong Bewling crying out of your house, always opposite Therefore went to inquire Nong B then told the details to make him feel angry. Therefore, the police have always come to arrest you because he could not bear that you always did to the child like this. Do not believe that you are always the person who does it. But on the day of the incident, he was not there. Come to know about it again. Today, the police always arrest you. Normally, Nang Luk Chan will take her children to sit and drink at this house on a regular basis. Never had anything like this Personally, I think that it was bullied by the relatives of Nong B, who was not more cheap while the boy A Which is always your grandchildren And in the event Told him that he always called Nong B to enter the room and took off his pants before holding Nong B and straddled before doing it. Now he is in the room but he is in front of the room and looking through the image, so he saw all the neighbors, opposite the house where the incident said Normally, this house will regularly drink alcohol. As for children, they will run and play in this area. Which you always have this behavior but do not know if the incident occurred or not It must be a matter of the police in the initial operation. As for Nong Bee, the staff sent him to check the physical examination at the hospital to always find evidence in the prosecution with you.
Stepfather-real mother, attacking his 6-year-old son, broken ribs|The true stepfather-mother attacked the 6-year-old son, the neighbors found in the condition of the eyes, led to the doctor, found the ribs, broken liver, torn, jar (29 Nov 64), Pol. Sutthisan, together with the officers, charged with a 28 -year -old man and a 23 -year -old woman, jointly attacking a 6 -year -old child, seriously injured. In which the man is a stepfather The woman is a real mother. The incident occurred at a condominium. In Soi Inthamara 41, Ratchadaphisek Subdistrict, Din Daeng District, the incident occurred on 11 September. Along with reporting the children's physical assault. Police Lieutenant Colonel Suebpongkhun, Deputy Director of the Police Station (investigation), Sutthisan Police Station This happened from July to September. A 6 year old boy was attacked by a stepfather. The neighbors heard the voice of the child crying, so try to help. But the true stepfather and mother Refusing to meet the child later when the parents do not stay The child opened the door out in two eyes, with bruises, good citizens, therefore helping to take the children to the doctor to find 4 broken ribs. The liver torn bleeding in the abdomen. All Including the genitals being rubber bands until the wounds of good citizens have contacted the children's relatives to come to take care of them. At first, the child was shocked, but this period was better. Beginning with a smile back to see better development As for the stepfather and mother, the child never contacted the child again. And went to live in Phuket as usual. Initially, the inquiry official invited him to investigate before informing the charges The stepfather confessed that the cause of the incident Because the child is stubborn Speaking of disobedience, so taught the real mother to give the investigation officers to do a thorough interrogation again. Because they just have a 9 -month -old daughter together.
Certainly drunk, Closed Circuit, capturing a ghost taxi, a 76 -year -old grandmother falling off the canal.|Closed circuit captures a minute, a taxi, a 76 -year -old ghost, falling into the canal, the little nephew came to catch the body of the grandmother, the reporter reported that yesterday (29 Nov) at 21.00 hrs. Bang Bua Thong police station. Nonthaburi province was notified of a taxi crashing into a motorcycle, falling 1 person and 1 injured at the Khlong To Khlong Tok Road, Bang Khurat Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province. Motorcycle brand Honda, Dream, Registration number 317, Bangkok Parked on the side of the road In the condition of damage, the whole car was about 20 meters away, found the body of Mrs. Pranom, aged 76, died on the side of the road and found a white Isuzu pickup truck, registration number 5309, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. Sand, the name of the driver, is Mr. Narasak, 32 years old. The car's car's condition is damaged. The condition of the car was crashed until the rear of the car deviated into the canal. Also found a taxi license plate Registration number 4363 Bangkok fell beside the car. Opposite the grille in front of the yellow green taxi falls in the neck of the bridge. In which the taxi Yellowish green Bounced into the canal After recovering the wreck of the taxi out of the water Found that the condition of the car was damaged Know the name of the driver, Mr. Maka sitting on the street I don't know much about the CCTV inspection, holding a picture while a taxi hit the motorcycle of the deceased. Before losing the wall of the house and pickup truck Until crossing into the canal. Mr Narasak, 32, the owner of a white Isuzu pickup truck, said that at about 17:30 hrs, while he drove behind A motorcycle with a man riding and having a grandmother At that time, there was a taxi driving in the opposite direction. And losing a taxi crashing into the said motorcycle Bounced into the canal, both the car and the car, the taxi had broken into a fence of the front door. After that, he hit the sign and turned to the edge of the bridge. Bounce off the way into the canal Which he wanted to go down to help Grandma and the man riding the car The motorcycle, which fell into the water, but he could not swim, so he shouted to the villagers to help take the grandchildren and grandchildren from the canal. Found that Grandma died at the scene of the nephew Officials have sent Kasemrad Hospital while he talked to the taxi driver. He thought that the driver would certainly be drunk while Ms. Jiraporn, 33, the grandmother of Grandmother Pranom, 76, who died, said that he gave Grandmother Pranom to raise his son at home. In the village of Pruksa 45, with Mr. Jatuporn, 38, who is the son of Grandma Pranom, a motorcycle driver to pick up in order to return to the house in the village of Pruksa 3 until the accident died. Mr. Jatuporn was injured, the officers were delivered. Kasemrad Rattanathibet Hospital Police officers detained a taxi driver. After that, the alcohol measures how much it is. Which will report additional allegations In which the incident has set the allegations that Careless driving causes others to death.
The headman unfolded himself.More than 20 students used to be victims of rocket abbot.|The village headman revealed There are more than 20 students who used to be victims of rocket abbot. Just came out to speak because at that time was embarrassed Won the relevant agencies to clarify quickly. Reporters reported that today (30 Nov) Mr. Namkiat Champaong, 57 years old, village headman, Village No. 6, Pradu Subdistrict, Huai Samran Subdistrict, Krasang District, Buriram Province, has specified the case. Parents, students, grade 5 and parents, grade 6 students, report to the investigation officers at Lamduan Police Station, Krasang District, Buriram Province, in order to condemn the treasure or 40 years old, Abbot of Pradu Temple, Huai Samran Subdistrict . By forced to spin your own genitals Until many orgasm 4 students have been revealed. 2 persons have been reported. Mr Namkiat stated that after the report Partly thought that it was because the abbot had hernia. And let the children come to massage the medicine Because according to the children's hearsay The abbot did not violate but it appears that after the news Have a teenager in the village aged 15-20 years, over 20 people have revealed that "Used to be done by the same way." At this point, he couldn't accept it. Because it was intentionally and intended to satisfy his own lust And still do not know that there will be students who are studying in this school How many people who have not dared to speak, which are expected to have "Moo 6 village headman said that now the responsible official Must rush out to find the truth quickly Who's wrong? Leave it to make religion more deteriorate. As far as inquiring of teenagers who have been abboted by the abbot I don't want to go to the temple. Because there is still a persistent picture of the reporter reporting that This morning atmosphere at Ban Pradu Temple Someone came in But came out Because the abbot of the temple is the Buddha's lock But the Buddha is not here Without anyone knowing where he disappeared
Sad, stressful brother, debt, kill the older sister, call to tell friends to collect the bodyBefore tied to death|The younger brother is stressed in many ways. Acting to kill my sister Then tied his neck to death Leaving a letter asking the monk to know and rescue to help organize the funeral reporter that today (30 Nov) at 09.30 hrs., Khlong Kio police station was notified of the deaths in the house without the number at the group. 1 Khlong Kio Subdistrict, Mueang District, Chon Buri Province The accident found the body of Angkhana, 64 years old. Broken head With roughness with blood stains Fell a little apart, found Mr. Prayut, 55, using a rope to tie the roof of the house Rescue then brought the body down. At the scene of the incident, the letter was found. The message was written that "Teacher Thun and morality Help make the body for 1 night in this house to Master Thun and Wat Suan Phuttha. Please ask my sister. "Initially The police officer Gave the rescue to bring the body to the autopsy In order to find the exact reason again, with Mr Prayut stressed in many ways And had no money to pay for suicide But afraid that my sister had a chronic illness Also very old Afraid that no one would take care Therefore using the roughness to hit the head and use the knife to pierce repeatedly Before killing the suicide from the inquiry, she accidentally aged 60 years. The neighbors said that she tried to call Mr. Prayut since yesterday evening. To inquire with the concern from the well known to the two dead But it appears that no one answered This morning he came to the house, looking through the door, meeting Mr Prayut. Semi -sitting, standing with a rope tight with the neck hanging Hurry to inform the police to inspect the 30 -year -old Mr. Radis, recovering the Dharma Son, Ban Bueng Association, who is a colleague, Mr. Prayut. At Ban Bueng Subdistrict Municipality, yesterday at 16.33 hrs. To help to collect the body The sister is dead. I thought that the deceased was joking. And come to know again in the morning
MiaHusband, brutal, broken ribs-cigarettesEven being hit by a close friend|Mia Husband, brutal, broken ribs-cigarettes Even being hit by a mistress who used to be his own close friend Published the story of Mia singing the media. After being attacked by her husband, slapped a cigarette with a cigarette with a voice because her husband had a mistress. Khun Sai Mia said that she and her husband had been eating for 6 years. Causing the husband and friends to be dating Which he could not accept and argued all the time When arguing, the husband asked the friend to move out to rent a room nearby. There are times when the husband quarrels with her to the point of Put a knife, teeth, head and back teeth And smashed until the ribs broke There are also cigarettes in the face. Until the latest can't bear Must be separated in August Around September The husband asked to reconcile with her and told me to stop messing with Mia. With the love of the husband forgive And returned to the rental room together, but the story didn't end when the wife followed Will come to ask the husband to return to say that the pregnant husband is responsible by renting the room in the same building She was on the 4th floor. Mia is on the 2nd floor. Most recently, yesterday, she was hit by a mistress. Put the room key on the face Now the face is swollen. Which would like to bring both the husband and Mia to the end Want to ask for fairness Because aside from being invaded with the mind Also being assaulted And would like her own story to be an example to many people. Most recently, Sai went to report the prosecution of her little wife who attacked her body.
Catching the merchant secretly filming students with sex in the market.Forcing the woman to do oral sex|Catching the merchants to shoot Black mail 2 students while there is something in the market bathroom. Relying on the man's rhythm to press money Forcing the woman to do oral sex in the car from the case in the middle of the night on November 30, 64. The police officers in Bang Yai police station in Nonthaburi have detained Mr. A (fictional name). Mobile phones in the market in Bang Yai area, Sao Thong Hin Subdistrict, Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province, after the secret of the 17 -year -old student and 16 years of the school. Will secretly bring a mobile phone to take a blackmail While both of them have activities in the bathroom as evidence in mobile phones to threaten money. Until later, when two young students walked out of the bathroom Mr A then walked in and opened the picture on the mobile phone that secretly filmed both. Along with calling for a blackmail money for both 5,000 baht in exchange for deleting the clip, Mr B (assumed name), a 17 -year -old student decided to walk to press the money from the ATM card. In order to bring the money to Mr. Et as a threat by releasing Miss C (assumed name), a 16 -year -old girlfriend with Mr Et alone, then Miss C then was called by Mr. A to take a sedan. Ananda, the white CRV of Mr. A, before being molested, forcing Ms. C. Oralsex until he was orgastered when Mr B. Returning to press the money at the ATM, know the truth from his girlfriend. So hurriedly called 191 before the police officers in Bang Yai Police Station arrived and brought Mr. A and Miss C, the injured person to investigate at Bang Yai Police Station, with the mother of Miss C and Mr. B's father Who heard the news to travel to the police station As for Mr. A, he refused to give any actions. With the police claiming to wait for the preliminary personal lawyer The police inspected Mr. A's mobile phone. But did not find the image or the Black mail clip as Mr B and Ms. C. It is expected that Mr. Ene will delete the clip and the images taken before being detained at the police station. The police then stuck the phone of Mr. A. In addition Also inspected the stains of sperm stains on the student's student shirt, which is an important evidence in the prosecution of Mr. A By detaining Mr. A in the cell and has not yet given bail Reporters reported that yesterday (30 Nov) at 16.00 hrs. Have examined the evidence of the Honda sedan to find sperm stains in the sedan Including the public bathroom of the market, which is the scene of the incident In order to gather evidence of the case in prosecution with Mr. A Even rejecting while Mr. Wit (Reserved the real name-surname), the female student, the victim, said that after knowing the parents, cannot do anything. I don't think I will see anything like this. To the chest The accused was denied. Now have to let it walk according to the law of the law. Which will bring the matter to the end. The culprit called his child to get in the car to use his hand to take off his chest, the daughter said that he couldn't do it. But he refused to intimidate the clip to spread on social media. And allowing his children to gather the genitals Until orgasm, after that, the culprit would not delete the clip But the daughter begged and then gradually Chase the clips one by one. And the culprit went to pick up the money at the younger man At first, the younger man couldn't find his daughter. But his daughter contacted him to meet in front of the bathroom And then told what happened, his feelings, now I can't say anything It was very angry, but couldn't do anything. Would like the culprit to accept the mistake and realize the action Because he refused and not accepted He has a lawyer to come to fight the case, which he is currently unable to think because he has never encountered this kind of event before. At this time, it has not been negotiated with the culprit. Since the story If he came out to clear, he didn't know what to do. But now the police would prosecute the law first.
Gather and put a fire on the engine oil warehouse.Actually, the department headClaiming resentment is scolded!|Arrest the fireplace, the engine oil warehouse, causing the loss of 40 million. In fact, the department level Claiming to be abused by the boss scolded from the case on November 29, the past A fire broke out the oil warehouse, Prapakorn Oil Company Limited, Om Yai Subdistrict, Sam Phran District, Nakhon Pathom Province. The engine oil is over 100 liters. The factory is almost completely damaged. The damage value is about 40 million baht. The houses are damaged by over 10 houses. It takes more than 4 hours to control the fire, with the injured, Miss Sirasini or Ann, 38 years old, is the staff of the warehouse department. Police officers interrogated Miss Sirasini And examined the evidence at the scene Until getting the image from the CCTV that was burned But able to recover the file, found that Miss Sirasini Was the fireplace of this time In which the accused confessed to be a fireplace, a real oil warehouse using a paper lighter and placed in a paper box containing 2 lubricants until the fire occurred by Miss Sirisini Accepting confession with surrender to evidence that The cause was caused by the resentment that the employer was scolded by the employer several times. In the past, at Pho Kaew police station announced the arrest of the accused, Pol. Maj. Gen. Thanayut Wutthathit Thamrong, Commander in Chief 7, came to investigate the accused by himself. And revealed that At this time, the accused confessed that he was a real culprit. In the process of further investigation whether to do alone or with others or not As for the reason, it was anger. Was in the process of further investigation on this issue Including other causes, which are all details in the case By confirming that officials have sufficient evidence and in the process of expanding the results. For the fire at this factory in April Found that it was not related to this accused And the cause is different But the details still cannot be revealed After the investigation, the accused was completed Will continue to be sent to the Nakhon Pathom Provincial Court Until now, no people have applied for bail in any way. Mr Phiphat Ungkornpakorn, the owner of Prapakorn Oil Company Limited, revealed that the issue of the accused testified as the incident because the employer was scolded by the employer. He confirmed that over 9 years, Miss Ann worked in this company. Looks like a cheerful person. Normally, never showing symptoms or dissatisfied attitude. In addition, he never cursed his subordinates, but there were some who had to blame when working wrong because Ms. Sirasini It was about the supervisor level, which was about 2 weeks ago. Miss Ann didn't have any attitude to create a story. Even never blamed Is a lover of subordinates At the end of the month, take to eat every month, after knowing the police that the culprit is Miss Sirasini Both sons and other employees Feeling disappointed The more colleagues do not believe that Miss Sirasini Will be the culprit As for the reason that it would be a true dismay or destroying evidence to conceal something He was unable to answer and didn't dare to guess. But in the eyes, I still think that Miss Ann is a good person. However, she asked the police to investigate further on the issue of fire hiring. But confirmed that he had no enemies or business competitors Including corruption problems within the company in any way. From the incident, it will be used as a lesson for him. In the matter of establishing a fuel storage far from the community location and in the prevention system Ready to take good care of their own people. Must apologize to those who were affected and the society that occurred twice. If he cares for more than this, he will see the problems of the employees. Or may prevent this from happening
Air, a famous airline girl singing a lawyer by a lustful husbandHide the camera secretly in the bathroom.|Today (1 Dec) at 15.00 hrs. At the trusted lawyer office Chaeng Watthana Road, Bang Talat Subdistrict Pak Kred District, Nonthaburi Province, Miss Joy, a famous airline flight attendant With a friend of the victim from being secretly taken While doing a personal mission in the bathroom of a close friend's house And was secretly installed by a friend in the bathroom in the bathroom Afraid that the picture was secretly taken in the social world All 11 victims of the victims, 7 young women, 2 girls, 2 girls, reported to the police officers in Bang Kaew police station to prosecute this friend's husband. All the victims of the girl asked for justice from Mr. Ronnarong Kaewphet, the president of the campaign network to refund justice in society. To help in this regard, Miss Joy Famous airline receptionist revealed that he and friends Be close to a friend named Miss F. since school days together. Many of them and many friends are often frequented by Miss F., who is married to eat with Mr. P (assumed name), 36 years old for many decades. Until they both had a 8 -month -old son as a love witness Lately, Miss F. often argued with her husband. After catching the husband secretly talked to other women In which both opened a noodle shop together in Bang Phli District Samut Prakan Province, Miss Joy Added that They came to know that they were secretly filmed in the bathroom of the house, Miss F., a close friend after Miss. F. caught that the husband secretly talked to other women, so searching for a mobile phone, found a clip secretly filmed them in the mobile phone. Therefore called to talk to friends in the group Why her husband can do this too, so it's clear to ask to quit Because I couldn't accept it, so I invited about 4 friends to home. When I arrived at the house, Miss F. went up to talk to her husband about what to take. Can talk for a while The husband's husband came down and told us to go home. So he asked her husband's husband Who are the secret clips of who? The husband's husband refused to answer. Therefore calling friends to join again. Once the friends come, they come together and ask. Until the husband's husband replied that "There are everyone here." Join 6-7 people. Once you know about Miss Joy's girlfriend, very angry. Therefore jumped to the elbow, Mr. P was strong that day Before going to report the prosecution at Bang Kaew Police Station on 2 Nov 64. The police seized 3 mobile phones, 1 notebook, 2 cameras, which the police opened to see. For the clip of the person who reported the deleted him The police said that from the camera angle is probably a tiny camera installed in the bathroom to secretly shoot them. "After the day of reporting, the husband's husband asked to come in to mediate, but we refused because we didn't know that our clips would come off. Where did you go? He has done it for a long time. If one day the clip dropped It affects the work that we do. Very worried about this "by Mr. P It was also found that many victims had been taken. Previously, a 25 -year -old woman had negotiated to pay 90,000 baht in order to prevent the matter. Finally came to cause an accident with them who were close friends with his wife. To this day, Mr. P's wife Can't accept this event Therefore would like to separate the way with Mr. P As for them, they confirmed that he would prosecute Mr. P to the end because he believed that he should do this with many victims. Because at his noodle shop, the camera may be installed in the bathroom, like at home, townhouses are also in the lawyer. Requesting telephone and electronic devices involved To prove the evidence at The police station is not going to Samut Prakan Province Because according to the law, the PO must be the inspector on this Friday, the victims will bring all 11 people to complain to the Provincial Police Commissioner Region 1 to the delay in the case. And asked to make this case clear as soon as possible Because this is very dangerous for women. Initially, the inquiry official did not attach the belongings at the scene as evidence. Only have a mobile phone And notebook computers which are in the process of proof The whole matter is considered many offenses. First of all, the subject of obscene. 2. Causing annoyance. If there is a child in the clip, it will be a matter of possession of child pornography. Doing pornography to children, if there is a clip of a child, cannot allow in all cases As for secretly shooting If it is a public action Cannot agree as well
Mother sang Pawina, a 12 -year -old daughter, was raped by a 62 -year -old teacher.|Mother took her 12 -year -old daughter. Accelerate the restoration of children at the Pawina Hong Sakul Foundation, Lam Phak Kood Subdistrict, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province, due to 30 Nov 64, Mrs. Oi, 48 years old, the mother of a 12 -year -old, calling for help from The Pawina Foundation said that the daughter went to a special school with a 62 -year -old male teacher using a teacher room. Which another male student came to study. Later, on 27 Nov 64 at approximately 13.00 hrs. The teacher asked the male students to return first. Claiming to tutor more to the daughter After that, the teacher closed the door and wrestled his daughter. Threatening to bring the story to tell anyone until the morning of 28 Nov 64, the daughter decided to tell her mother. Mother brought to report at Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station, Pathum Thani Province immediately, the police have sent a physical examination. But afraid that the teacher will know on November 30, 64, therefore, the mother is attached to the Niphi Vena for help after receiving notification on November 30, 64. Mrs. Pawina coordinated Colonel Chatuporn Kongmuang Director of the Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station immediately to follow the case and on 1 December 2018, the staff of the Pawina Foundation take her mother and a 12 -year -old woman to meet by Col. Col. T. Natti Rung Fah Saengarun, Deputy Director (Investigation), proceeded and ordered Police Lieutenant Colonel Phisit Jongjaruwong, investigative officer After interrogating the mother, then brought the teacher to acknowledge the allegations. And investigated the confession and pointed the scene By Thursday, December 2, 64, the police will bring the teacher who committed the wrongdoing at the Pathum Thani Provincial Court. And still have to see a doctor by appointment The Pawina Foundation will provide care and coordinate the Ministry of Justice to take the injured person to apply for remedy. Coordinate with the Ministry of Public Health to help restore the state of mind and help the family. Together with the Pawina Foundation
Catch!The legendary girl "Nat Transfer" after the victim was used.Report for years|Can gather once. "Bee", the legendary girl "Nat Transfer" after the victim was impersonating Surveying the address-reporting for years from the case of Khun Bonus Kwanruedee Phaticharoenchai Post a warning message After the criminals who created the legendary "Nat Transfer", took the picture of the poster to proceed as the name "Nong Ja" deceived the man to transfer the money to After finding the address of the culprit and reported But passed for years, still unable to catch the criminal Therefore afraid that the cause of the incident will repeat the danger to the latest society yesterday (1 December). The police officer revealed the progress that the court approved the arrest warrant of Mrs. Nan Lil or Phueng, 35 years old. And in dishonesty or deceit, imported into a computer system, distorted or forgery, whether all or part or some false computer data, which should be damaged to the people Is a computer system that can be accessible to computers That appears as a picture of others and the image is a picture caused by creating, editing or modified by electronic methods or any other methods Which should cause others to lose reputation, insult, hate or shame And fraud by acting as another person, which on the same day that the arrest warrant was issued at approximately 15.00 hrs. With children and husband After acknowledging the allegations The police detained him into the investigation room. Referred to the confession that he had the actual circumstances In which the police brought the accused to the investigation officer of Kor Kor 2, Sor. 1, Bor.Cor. Sor. To proceed with the law, while one of the bonuses in the victim who was deceived by others Came out to post on Facebook stating that "The cause of the crime has been arrested according to the arrest warrant. Tomorrow, afternoon 2, we will go to the Chaeng Watthana. Repeat the victim repeatedly Not ending, and why not think of changing the characters at all? "
The thief held a single knife, robbed the bank.SecurityFighting until stabbing the robberyPersonally hurt|At 14.10 hrs. On December 2, 2021, Pol.Col. Siriroj Kuek, the police investigated Khlong Luang Police Station. Notified of a criminal using a robbery knife in the Government Savings Bank, T-Dome Rangsit Branch, Chiang Rak-Bang Khan Road, Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province. Therefore rushed to the scene of the incident in the Government Savings Bank Found a long path From the counter Until Chiang Rak Road The parking lot on the side of the road in front of the entrance. 1 death was found. The knife was stabbed in the middle of the chest. 1 wound is not yet known as a Thai man aged 25-30 years. Beside the weapons, a pointed knife was about 20 cm long, stained with 1 blood fell a little apart. Security, Government Savings Bank, know the name of Mr. Khun Thongsri Chaiya, was injured, stabbed with sharp objects into the chest. Severe symptoms were taken to Thammasat Hospital in honor. In addition, the roadside also found a motorcycle brand Yamaha model N-Max. Black does not attach 1 license plate. From the initial inspection under the car seat, found a license plate number 2, Kak-4621. Bangkok is under the initial investigation cushion. At the time of the incident, he was responsible for the credit officer at the counter. The criminal entered the bank with a knife weapon. Before walking straight to him He then hid into the housekeeper room. Then the criminal went straight to the counter and then used the weapon. Forcing employees Take the money from the drawer At that time, the security officer refused to intervene. Then a fight in the bank Before the criminal stabbed The security guard until injured and ran away to get on the motorcycle parked on the side of the security guard. Despite being injured Before fighting with a knife weapon Until the criminal was stabbed as well After that, good citizens came to help. By tie the criminal And coordinated the police and rescue to the scene before the criminal later died. As for the money that the criminal has fallen, it has been on the way from the front of the bank of Mr. Chanakorn Jararat, 18 years old, revealed that while the incident was at the roadside shop. Found a criminal running out to get on the motorcycle, both the criminals and the security guard moist with blood. With wrestling with the security guards who chased after They and good citizens who saw the incident ran to help. And held the criminal, tied his hand, locking his arms With 3 good citizens to help. If more details, will inform you further
The disabled young man was bullie.Keep resentment for 3 years, not stop teasing the gun, shoot dead, 1 terrible 2|The disabled young man was abandoned by his friend Bully. Has been collecting resentment for 3 years, has not stopped teasing the gun, shooting dead 1, 2 at 22.00 hrs. (3 Dec 64), Police Lieutenant Piraphat Chomchai, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation), Dan Sai police station. Loei Province was notified by Somdet Phra Yu Phra Hospital, Dan Sai, said that the injured were shot at the grocery store No. 145, Moo 11, Pong Subdistrict, Dan Sai District, Loei Province. Report Police Colonel Nathepat Jirat Worachot, the director of the hospital, was ready to travel to the hospital with an investigation. Found a relative of the injured and died in front of the ICU room. Knowing the name of Mr. Yostin, 37, was shot in the head, 1 shot dead and Mr Warotit, 32, was shot in the head 1 shot 1 neck. The appointment and Mr Wissanu, 28, was shot in the neck of the back, 1 shot, while the culprit named Mr Adisak, 29 years old after the incident drove the pickup truck to escape to ask Miss Rattana, 37 years old, the wife of Mr. Life says that at home open as a grocery store at 7pm, husband and 2 friends, sit and drink at the marble table in front of the shop. Later, Mr Adisak, who had a house in opposite the shop, came to join the liquor circle too, while he was in the house, heard the sound of many shots. Rushed out to see that the husband and friend were shot, sinking, sinking the blood As for Mr. Adisak The cause of the crime, holding the gun, looked at his face. Then quickly escaped in the dark Then hurriedly brought the husband and the injured Somdet Phra Yu Phra Hospital, Dan Sai But the husband couldn't bear to hurt. Police Colonel Nathi Phatchirat Worachot, Director of the Investigation, with the investigation to the scene Is a grocery store One -story cement house In front of the house there is a marble horse -sitting table. There are many bottles of beer bottles. The ground has a blood fall. And found 2 9 mm shell shells falling into the scene Therefore brought the rope to block Do not let those who are not involved and coordinate until the OBEC, so come to check the scene tomorrow at the same time Police Colonel Nathi Phatchirat Worachot, the director of the police, was informed that Mr Adisak, who caused the incident to surrender To pick up at Ban Mak Khaeng, Kasaton Subdistrict, Dan Sai District, approximately 30 km away from the scene of the incident, bringing the force to investigate at Dan Sai police station. In which the accused confessed The reason that had to be fired because of the 3 years ago, he had an accident, had to cut the right foot until being a disabled person. And was said by the dead and the injured person that the disabled and the wife escaped Have been feeling 3 years until today, come to sit and drink alcohol together Until bringing the old story to speak again Until could not bear to draw a 9 mm gun out of the waist, shot all 3 people, then drove away and surrendered
Open the heart of the security guard.Just think of having to stop the criminal|Open the heart of the security guard. Just think of having to stop the criminal Ran to tell people in the bank not to come out Finally, the robber died in the case of a 28 -year -old man using a knife to rob the Government Savings Bank. T-Dome Rangsit branch, Chiang Rak-Bang Khan Road, Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, until the fighting with Mr Khun Thongsrichaiya, the security officer until the criminal died, while the security guard was seriously injured. Occurred at 14.10 hrs. On December 2, 2021, as the news has been proposed (3 Dec 64) Police Colonel Suchai Saeng Song, Deputy Director of the Khlong Luang Police Station (Acting on behalf Khlong Luang Police Station) said that in the investigation, we have received a criminal case in which the criminal has caused this time. The latest symptoms of Mr Khun Thongsri Chaiya, 51 years old, bank security officer Now the symptoms are safe. At the time, Maj. Gen. Chumpon Charnchanayothin, Ph.D., Pathum Thani Province Will travel to visit the security guard at Thammasat Hospital Chalermprakiet. The police officers have proceeded in the robbery case with the criminal. But in this case, the cause of death Will make the phrase in this case as an order not to sue As for the money that the criminal has gone a total of 143,000 baht, the bank has almost collected There is only about 1,000 baht left to be attached to the criminal, will be sent and return the bank while the same day at 12.00 hrs. At Panjasalak Building in Thammasat Hospital, Chalermprakiet Hospital, Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, Pol. Traveled to visit Mr. Khun Thongsri Chaiya, 51 years old, the bank security officer who was still maintained at the police station, Chumphon Charnchanayothin, Ph.D., Pathum Thani Province, revealed that due to the incident Wow, the security guards have served with determination and sacrifice. Pol. Maj. Gen. Jiraphat Phumjit, Commander in Chief 1, has assigned me to visit to encourage. Along with giving things And a certain amount of cash to be morale In the case of the security guards that use weapons to protect the bank's property At this time, the police have not reported the allegations. But the inquiry official Proceed with the case until the security guards are able to leave the hospital and come to testify To assemble the phrase In order to report the allegations again, Mr Khun Thongsri Chaiya, 51 years old, bank security officer Revealed that Now still feels pain in the wound Yesterday, at the beginning of the incident, he understood that it was Grab or Rider. Because they don't take off the helmet But after the criminals lock my neck and used a knife to pierce me, I felt that the hair was hot in the neck, so I flicked and ran away. By running to tell the bank's employees not to come out After the criminal has received the money At that time he was outside. Therefore looking for the device in order to make the criminal unable to escape Then turned to see the chair that was sitting, then picked up. At that moment, the criminal ran out. Thinking in the heart, must fight, must stop the criminal Therefore did the best. Miss Amporn Sikhokkrue, 49 years old, the security guard, revealed that it is now clear because his husband is safe. And is proud to have a good person In the beginning, I was very worried. But now I'm still worried because my girlfriend has not left the hospital. Which now I am proud to have a good girlfriend and help others In which the girlfriend said that he would continue to work
The knee is soft.Receive the body of a young bank robbed the bank being stabbed by the security.|At 14.00 hrs. On 3 December 64, Mrs. Somsri, 51 years old, with her wife with relatives. Traveled to the forensic at Thammasat Hospital Chalermprakiet, Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, to obtain the body of Mr. Piyapong, 28 years old, the criminal who caused the use of weapons to rob the Government Savings Bank, T -Dome branch, Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, until the fight Security officer And was used by the security guards. Help each other support the car back. As for the body of Mr. Piyapong The mother and wife brought to make a merit -making ceremony at Khlong Song Temple, Khlong Song Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, which will pray for the metaphysics for three nights and will be cremated on Monday. The son didn't say where to go. He also has the only son, the pillar of the family. The deceased had only 1 year old daughter. I didn't know what to think, so he went to the incident.
The old man, 69, stabbed the girl 45, tragically deceived to love a million.When the money runs out|The age of 69 pierced the 45 girl, tragically found in the Hi -Lo band. Delivered to a million When the money runs out The deceased husband knew it. Wife went to Kik with the Uncle Model, 4 December 64, Pol.Col. Ban Mai Chaiyaphot, Buriram Province, brought Mr. Som, 69 years old, to investigate with 1 short shotgun and 1 pointed knife, about 30 cm long. 3 Dec ago Causing the incident to use the weapon, the knife stabbed Nang Rungrueang, 45 years old, which is the house of the deceased Died at the scene Investigation found signs of being stabbed with sharp objects. Left chest area And 6 wounds, with Mr. Somt to the police that he had no wife more than 10 years ago to get to know Mrs. Toi In the Hi -Lo band in the village After that, he was in relation to being a husband and wife openly. Although knowing that Mrs. Toi Will have a husband and child But her husband Go to work in Rayong Rarely returned to his home, who loved him and tried to send and raise all the time Lost millions of baht But in the latter, Nang Toi Instead, trying to distance himself Because there is no money to send, set up in the Occupational --19 outbreak and try to stick to the new man To the point of chasing himself to escape from the house He tried to reconcile. But not as a result, therefore accumulated resentment for 2 years. Will go to exercise with friends every day Therefore climbed the fence into the back of the house, carrying a shotgun and a knife Then came to ambush around the Phra Phum Shrine Until Mrs. Toi Returning home at around 6:00 pm when he saw the door opening At first, I used to use a gun to shoot. But afraid that it would be loud Then went to use the knife and stabbed nonstop until Mrs. Toi fell over and fell, then fled. At first, thought to die in the middle of the night, but the cold weather changed home. But there are officers waiting to trap at home Before being detained, while Mr Kaewcharoen, 58, her husband, Roong Rueng, the deceased, said that he knew about his wife and Mr. Som Have been related for about 5 years ago, trying to invite his wife to work together but not, so they please and transfer money. The rent of the house is stationed. As for Mr. Som, well known as uncle. When he returned home, he called to eat regularly. But do not think that to do so violently. Initially, the police charged assaulting others to death and the firearm Act. Ready to oppose the bail first
NeighborBig girl is slanderTo deceive Uncle PayYan Uncle has no money that much.|In the case of Mr. Somban Nok, 69 years old, people of Ban Mai Chaiyaphot District, Buriram Province, using a pointed knife to stab Nang Rung Rueang or Toi Canon Sakul, aged 45, died in front of the house number 284/10, Moo 1. Nong Waeng, Ban Mai Chaiyapoj Which is the rent of the deceased Died at the scene by Mr. Som The accused claimed that they had been in a relationship with her husband and wife with Nang Toi for over 10 years and sent to raise and give millions of baht. In the past, but being hit by the woman, trying to beat her away, therefore accumulated resentment for over 2 years, so decided to hurt. Mrs. Toi, recently, Ms Kul Namwiset, 56, the neighbors of the deceased, stated that they knew both of them well. Because the house is next to each other Confirm that the deceased is a good person. Never had a problem with anyone. Mr. Sommi has a career in farming, not enough to bring money to Nang Toi as 1,000,000 baht according to Mr. Som's claim. That speaks only one side Because the dead have no right to come out to make excuses Personally, I would like to call for justice with the dead.
Seize the "Ice" hidden in the floor silicone.Prepare to be sold in Taiwan.|The Department of Consulates seized "Ice" hidden in the floor silicone. Prepare to be sold in Taiwan. If reaching the destination of up to 3 billion, 4 December 2021, Mr. Phachara Anantasilp, Director -General of the Customs Department Along with the officers of the Narcotics Control Board Drug Suppression Bureau And related agencies Join the announcement of the ice The total weight of 897 kilograms wrapped worth 538 million baht at the X -ray center and customs technology. Bangkok Customs Office, Mr. Phachara, revealed that the investigation and suppression division Suspicious objects were found in 24 boxes of paper crates, so it was opened and found to be 161 sheets of silicone. Each sheet has unequal size and weight. When cutting inside, it was found that the ice was hidden in a total weight of 897 kilograms worth 538,200,000 baht. When the officers found abnormalities, they randomly inspected and found drugs. In this arrest, officials found that the drug was hidden with the said lot. Use the name in the name of a juristic person to send the product to Taiwan. Will it be linked to the seizure of more than 400 kilograms of the Taiwanese authorities before? In the process of investigating the results By this transnational drug trafficking process Will use Thailand as a way to transport drugs If this ice lot reaches Taiwan, it will cost up to 3,000 million baht. After this, will expand the results and arrest the sender to prosecute the law. Until now, there are 18 cases worth over 1,100 million baht.
Crazy relatives splashing the bullet, killing the husband, his son, his son was resentful, was arrested for stealing the "banana spots".|Today (December 4, 2021), 2 incidents of husband and wife were shot dead. And 1 son was injured in the house at Nakhon Pathom Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Pathom Province, Muang Nakhon Pathom Police Station Therefore inspected The scene was a 2 -story detached house. In the house, found the body of Mr. Khunkorn, 57, was shot in many shots and Mrs. Sukanya, 48, the wife of Mr. Korn. Was shot in the eye socket Both of them died in the bedroom. There was a 9 mm shell shell falling on the ground, with another injured in the house, Mr. Kanakorn, 25 years old, the son of the deceased. Was shot in the legs later The culprit is Mr. Somjet Phu Kaew, 35 years old, former applicant of Nakhon Pathom Municipality. After the incident, hiding inside the house At the fence next to the house of the deceased Since they were relatives, they built a house next to each other. The police took more than 1 hour to persuade. Have the police detained to interrogate the City Police Station, Nakhon Pathom, Kanakorn, revealed that before the incident, Somjet was intoxicated. With walking into the house Draw a firearm at the legs. When the father heard Therefore grabbed the iron out to help After that, the mother followed. Mr. Somjate then splashed the bullet on the cause of the incident, because 2 months ago, Mr. Kanakorn saw Mr. Somjet walking in to see the banana tree for 200,000 baht at home. After that, 2 days passed the banana tree. Disappear Therefore quarreled as a big story Used to intimidate that "Don't blame me, I will kill all the houses." But shortly thereafter Mr. Somjate brought the banana tree. Come back and ask to clear the problem But the family doesn't want to talk to Because before this, over 10 years ago, his family had previously had a feud with Mr. Somjate before. Because his father had been hit by the other party The house is well known that it is the skill of Mr. Somjate. But there is no evidence to go to the police, detained Mr. Somjet to Nakhon Pathom Police Station To interrogate And report the charges of prosecution further
The painter sneaks back.Lock the neck of the supervisor.Claiming resentment was fired|At 18.00 hrs. On December 4, 2021, Capt. Pratunam Police Station, Chulalongkorn Was informed that someone stabbed each other to death The incident occurred in the area of Je Aom. In the middle of Soi Rangsit-Nakhon Nayok 2, Prachathipat Subdistrict, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province. A number of investigations Volunteer of the Ruam Piety Foundation at the scene In the area of the marble table in front of the shop, the officer found the body of Mr. Kris Khmer Thai, 54 years old, the people of Wang Thong District, Phitsanulok Province. Wearing a black short -sleeved tiger Wearing long -sleeved jeans According to the initial inspection, the wound was stabbed with a knife in the chest 1, 1 right arm wound, and 1 right -wound, 1 wound was found. There was 1 pointed tip. Porn or Porn in Chaiya, 48, a native of Nong Phok District, Roi Et Province, who is an employee of the deceased. After the incident traveled to surrender at Pratunam Police Station, Chulalongkorn, from the investigation, Miss Sumon Thapremloi, 45 years old, the deceased wife testified that the person stabbed as his husband's subordinates. Being working as a painter Previously, Mr. Porn, the culprit, told the owner of the house that The house is almost finished. Which the deceased said that Don't say that To be a matter of the company as the operator And there is a talk about the money in front of the car, the deceased often disappear Therefore may cause Mr. Porn Not satisfied with the deceased Thought that he was accused of stealing money The deceased wife also said that Someone said that at the scene of Mr. Porn Walked back to the back Then lock the neck, use a knife to pierce Before the deceased ran down in front of the grocery store, which was about 5 meters away from Police Colonel Pornjet together with the inspector Pratunam Police Station, Chulalongkorn, revealed that he was recorded at the scene as evidence of testimony. And accelerate the interrogation of the culprit for legal proceedings The deceased body gave the Ruam Kanyu Foundation volunteers to bring the dead body to Thammasat Hospital in honor to wait for the kith and kin to return to the religious merit -making ceremony while the cause of the confession. Claiming that the resentment that was fired from work, no work and trying to go back to work again But the deceased did not accept Therefore picked up a knife from the papaya salad shop to extinguish Initially, the police reported charges of assaulting others to death. And will investigate more If it is considered another offense Will continue to report the charges
3 prisoners climb the ceiling-sprinkled in prison, Khlong Dan prison, can only escape for 2 hours, being arrested back|3 prisoners to climb the ceiling before using the garbage bag to connect as a rope to escape from the Khlong Dan Prison Hospital. Did not go anywhere far, was arrested back (4 Dec 64) at 8:00 pm, was informed by the news source that there were prisoners in Samut Prakan Central Prison Or Khlong Dan Prison Has escaped 3 controlled controls, and the officers can follow and arrest 2 people and escape 1 more, both 3 prisoners are drug -drug prisoners, consisting of Mr. Warawut, 24 years old. 42 years old and Mr. Pongwit, 32 years old, with all 3 prisoners using the method of climbing the top ceiling of the land. Escape and use a garbage bag to tie a rope to the side of the wall. And ran away and swimming across the irrigation canal in front of the prison Come out to Sukhumvit Road and escape by walking After the supervisor knew the matter, he led the power out and followed two people while running away on the old Sukhumvit Road in front of the Thai Rath Wittaya School 71, approximately 1 kilometer away from the prison, consisting of Mr. Phipb and Mr. Pongwit. As for another prisoner named Mr. Warawut Fled into the mangrove forest, which is opposite the prison, while Col. Phuris Jintraanan Director of the Provincial Investigation Division, Samut Prakan Province Brought a special operation team with a complete weapon, Sonthi, with the police officers in Khlong Dan police station and prison officials Going to the area of Poo Phrom, searching for Mr. Warawut, the inmates who have escaped into the mangrove forest. By leaving the footprints, emphasizing the mud to look different Therefore spread out the power to surround, wade through the soil to search until Mr Warawut Hidden under the mangrove tree Therefore detained Before bringing out into the car back to the prison immediately The prison officer brushed the interview. At the same time, it was revealed by a police officer. The prisoners who fled this time Is a prisoner that has just been accepted in a drug case, therefore being controlled at the prison field hospital That is used to control the first inmates Which is in front, which is the same point as in the middle of September There were two inmates who escaped. But the officer can follow and arrest him back Most recently, the incident occurred at the same point again.
Help Myanmar girlWas used as a slave for 13 years until he was not aware of the date and monthAnd didn't get a salary|Myanmar girl has been used as a slave for 13 years without a salary. Officials urged yesterday (4 Dec 64) Human Trafficking Division Department of Special Investigation Was informed by the Labor Quality Promotion Network Foundation (LPN) that it was requested by good citizens To help the Myanmar young women urgently Which was imprisoned at a house In the area of Suan Luang Subdistrict, Suan Luang District, Bangkok Therefore reported the supervisor Knowing to help after the authorities use the power of the employees under the Anti -Trafficking Prevention and Suppression Act 2008, Section 27 (4) together with the LPN and IJM Foundation together. (The name of the hypothetical), Myanmar, aged 26, is in a state of fear and requesting help to go out as soon as possible. Which Miss Win Was brought to work as a servant for over 13 years without knowing the date of the year And never received a salary Therefore there is a reasonable reason to be the victim of human trafficking By being in charge of labor Take a slave Or similar to slaves Or doing any other actions as a person Therefore jointly help By bringing the victim to be protected for rehabilitation And provided enough time to relieve anxiety and fear As well as receiving the service of the state and the private sector to come to help fully And get a physical examination Which is in accordance with the Victim Centric Approach principle to ensure that the victim Is ready before joining the multidisciplinary team, interviewing, separated under the prevention and suppression of Human Trafficking 2008 after this human trafficking case Department of Special Investigation Will proceed in accordance with the law with the offenders to continue However, if people have clues about human trafficking Can notify the Department of Special Investigation or Hotline 1202
Collected, Rider slides, worms, showing customers in front of the house, claiming to be drunk for the first time.|Don Mueang Police Station followed the 18 -year -old Rider, slide worm, show customers in front of the house. Claiming drunk and caused the first time. Reporters reported that today (5 December) at 15.00 hrs. Police Don Mueang Police Station jointly arrested Mr. Worachot, 18 years old, a young rider who caused the lake slide. Girl customers who order through the application To send to the front of the house The CCTV installed in front of the house can clearly capture the image of a young Rider causing the incident. Previously, the victim traveled to bring the CCTV images to report to the Don Mueang Police Station before coordinating the investigation. Looking for news until he heard the accommodation of the rider who was in Soi Chaeng Watthana 10, then traveled to invite himself to inquire, which Mr. Worachot Confessed to be the actual cause of the crime because of drunk And just made for the first time The injured father said that all events occurred on November 15. On the day of the incident, around 23.00 hrs. The daughter called the Rider from the app to buy a A4 paper from the minimart to deliver to home. When Rider arrived, the daughter went out to pick up the goods in front of the house after receiving the goods. And was about to walk into the house. It appeared that the rider had not yet walked in front of the house Sitting on the car in front of the house At first, the daughter thought that the money was not complete. Therefore turned to ask if the money is complete Instead, he saw him slides the worm. Therefore rushed into the house to call the younger brother in the house Causing Riler to drive out after the incident, opened the CCTV, see the behavior of this rider clearly Which reported to the app The origin ordered to inquire about the Rider's information. But received an answer that he could not provide any information Of Rider Due to the secret of the company, he brought the CCTV evidence to report. The reason for not reporting to the matter, but wanting the said person to be aware of what he did. So as not to cause any other incidents But as far as talking, I think that I would not be aware of what I did. After this, I would like to follow the steps of the basic staff. Officials have reported charges of indecent in public. Before comparing it to 500 baht, ready to make a history before releasing
The smoke of amphetamines floated upstairs.Mother could not bear to inform the police to arrest "Hell twins" immediately.|The mother could not bear to inform the police to arrest the twin son of hell, brought two young friends to use the amphetamine. Muang Sing Buri Police Station was informed by Mrs. Sirima, 64, the owner of the house that he helped to arrest 2 sons, which are twins with 2 friends who are using methamphetamine at home. Fei, head of the patrol Therefore brought the police officers to the house, found Mrs. Sirima, who stood in front of the house, with Mrs. Sirima described that she had 2 sons, Mr. Bak and Mr. Big as a twin, not working in a methamphetamine and had been correct. Imprisoned at the prison about Damma 2 times until his relatives and neighboring houses gave the tweezers that he had never been scared and never obeying that the mother complained that by this evening, two sons entered the house with The other 2 young friends saw his son carrying the device and thought that he would definitely use the amphetamine. He said that he didn't escape. Therefore came down to see both sons and friends The amphetamine is using He scolded him. But the son argued and threatened to burn the house and strangled him to death He therefore quickly called the police to hurry to come immediately. Mrs. Sirima's brother Which was a former village headman, Village No. 2, said that he had been in behavior with both grandson because he had never listened. Was arrested and imprisoned. Still using amphetamines Would like the police to catch, but when the police arrived all 4 people have escaped from the house The police then got the radio to find the twin, hell, Mr. Big, Mr. Bok and both friends to investigate and proceed with the case.
help!The young man was beaten by the employer.The genitals are rotten wounds.Forced to eat pee-dog|The 29 -year -old young employee "Kanchai" helped after being rehearsed by the employer both face and all over the body. Estimate penis Even forced to eat pee-dog (6 Dec 64) The midday program in time reported that the injured brother Sent a picture of a wound on the face and body As evidence to ask for fairness to the young man-Kanchai Kamonploy with a message stating that Being attacked On a daily basis Until the face is swollen Forced to eat pee and dogs, journalists, noon in time Went to the victim's house in Tha Luang District Lop Buri Province Ask Mr. Jirawat or Fah, 29 years old, the victim said that he went to work as an employee at a agricultural material shop in Saraburi for over 10 years since school. Like a patron of his family since childhood To help at home to clean, help raise dogs but rest after being employed by the employer and another employee Body attack, using baseball, beaten by body, including genitals Until it was a rotten wound and refused to take him to the doctor To the point of eating Eat and dog As for the cause of being hit because Mr Jirawat stole the money in the house, 40 baht and steal food in the house. The noon news team in time. Contact the employer. Like family members In which he had taken care of his studies from the age of about 15 years. Jirawat has a habit of lying And steal money often Therefore punished by using the PVC pipe hit the mouth, while other bodies Expected to come from Mr Jirawat riding a car Because Mr. Jiravat Like having a sleep, while Mr Thapunwatchara, the injured brother, said that he tried to ask his younger brother since 5 years ago, but the employer refused and persuaded. Mr Jirawat didn't want to go home and decided to stay. Until the latter had to threaten that Will report and finally bring his brother to escape until after this Prepare to gather evidence to report the prosecution to the said employer. Confirm the matter to the end And asking for fairness to the media Please present the facts to the younger brother as well. Because he was afraid of influence Since previously had previously asked for help from relevant agencies But still not being fair
Shock the whole houseThe young man jumped into the car to crash-ran into other people's houses.Slice your neck in front of the child|The thriller, 39 -year -old, left the house to the car crash. Before running into other people's houses and then picked up the knife behind the kitchen, slaughtered his neck in front of the child The owner of the house hurried to call the police to help the reporter reported that today (6 Dec) at 15.00 hrs. Phanat Nikhom police station was informed that Someone injured himself in a house, Village No. 8, Nong Hiang Subdistrict Phanat Nikhom District Chon Buri Province The scene of the injured person named Mr. Sittipol, 39, in which the rescue volunteers Sawang, Ban Thung Yang, had a first aid and brought to Phanat Nikhom Hospital before. Found a pile of blood on the ground And also found a kitchen knife, about 10 inches in length, falling into the wall of the house where the incident occurred from the inquiry. Miss Thanya, 47, the owner of the house, said that the house belongs to the sister In which he came to live with 3 children. At the time of the incident, the daughter lay behind the house next to the kitchen, only the glass heard the daughter shouting, "Mother, who does not know to stand and slaughter the neck beside the house" from Then he quickly looked out of the glass room Saw that the man was standing to slaughter himself, so hurried to call too much for help Later learned that the neighbor on the opposite side was shocked Because he ran into his house and causing this incident in front of Mr. Ek (reserved the name, surname), who saw that he saw that the man ran in the middle of the road. He heard the sound of a car crash loudly. After that, the man ran across the road to the other side. Then took a knife to cut his neck as you can see, while Mr. Sompong Suksawat, 30 years old, rescued who helped the injured said that after receiving notification Then entered the scene, saw the person who stood and holding a knife in the right hand on the throat, found a lot of blood The culprit stood between the house. At that time, he went alone, trying to sing, prohibit the offender from attacking himself but was not effective. Every time he called or asked to stop the culprit, he would lift the knife to slit his neck every time until he saw that the singing was not effective, so he stopped and tried to walk away. The injured person walked to the pavilion in front of the house and then sat down and turned to the house of the incident. Even the rescue friends came to support, so he invaded the charging to compete for a knife, found a wound from the neck, and the left hand was quite serious. Therefore helping each other first aid before rushing to take the ambulance to be treated at Phanat Nikhom Hospital, Mr. Sompong Also said that Previously, it was informed that the man was crazy about running out of the house in the middle of the road to make the car crash and hit the car once. Until soon passed, he ran out of the house and ran into the house where the incident occurred. Then acted on the scene of cutting his neck until he was seriously injured The relatives of the injured have informed that the culprit has psychiatric and haunting like this every time. The police will invite the relatives to investigate further again. And will have the relatives take the culprit to seriously heal the health In order not to cause this cause again
Open heart 1 in the nomadic man from a famous clip.Revealing the reason why do you have to disseminate dog dogs?|Nomfing Didn't bring it to eat by yourself But another person says hungry Please help cut off the heart "Uncle Bunsong", one of the wandering men. Dissect the dead dog Create depression Shaking social media now After a clip of two wandering men, helping to dissect the dog to eat. On the sidewalk In the middle of the night of yesterday (5 Dec 64), Uncle Bunsong The wandering man who lived in that area Told Echan that In the middle of the night on December 5, 64, saw a brown dog. Being hit by a motorcycle Sleeping in the middle of the road shortly, there was a car driving repeatedly until the mouth of the abyss. There was another wandering man passing by. In a drunkenness because the liquor effect says that hungry wants to eat dogs Ask him to help disseminate Can you put the meat in the bag? With compassion He therefore helped dissect. As shown in the clip after that Someone called the police. When the police arrived That wandering man ran away. Leaving him beside The carcass that helps to dissect The police then told to stop doing. Then he put the sack into the wreck of the dog in the garbage Waiting for the garbage to collect. Uncle Bunsong also said that he didn't think of eating that dog carcass. But helped to disseminate because of pity that man Now he wants to apologize for the said matter. I would like to improve myself, not doing things like this event anymore.
Invaded to help the 6 year old boy be hit by an older sisterClaiming naughty and stubborn|The home staff helped the 6 -year -old boy be hit by the older sister. My girlfriend's girlfriend claims the naughty and resistant reporters that today (6 Dec) at 14.30 hrs. Mr. Phutthanan Phadungcharoen, staff at the Children's residence in Samut Prakan Province, Mr. Chittakorn Yamsiri Kamnan, Bang Yo Subdistrict and the police. Phra Pradaeng Police Station jointly traveled to a rental house, Village No. 2, Soi Petchungwong 8, Bang Yo Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan Province. Entered to help Miss Nes (reserved the real name), aged 6 years after the villagers informed that the boy was Miss Na (reserved the real name), 21 years old, which is a child, the elder hit until there are many wounds in the body. Meet Mr Thanasilp (reserved the real name), 19 years old, was a girlfriend of Miss Na in the said room. Along with Nong Nest The officer then asked for Nong Nes's body. Found that the body and face have wounds Including the legs and arms on both sides, there are signs of both the old wound and the new wound in line with a hanger. The officer then inquired Nong Nest to say that the older sister hit Mr Thanasilp's boyfriend of Ms. Na has admitted that Nong Nest Being hit by his girlfriend Due to Nong Nee, brain symptoms Due to having a car accident The mother of the younger and the younger person himself looked hard. So my girlfriend has been adopted since small. Nest likes to destroy many things in the house. And you are naughty and stubborn, so the girlfriend has to hit, but didn't hit every day. Last, just saw yesterday Which he loves Nong Nest Like one of their children I've called to consult a doctor. What is this like this? The doctor said that this kind of symptoms should have nervous symptoms and have a brain symptoms and when their fans hit the younger. He was also sleeping. When he heard the younger voice He stood up and prohibited. But with many things damaged things and is a very naughty child His girlfriend was angry, so he hit while the neighbors said that the people at home are going to go to Sung Sing with someone day. Will close the door all the time, only when going out And when he hit the younger, he would not be able to see because he hit in the house, heard only his cry But she cried out not loudly because the more loud the noise will be hit harder, which is usually stubborn But when you get hit, you won't dare to talk about the reason why it broke. When being hit, the younger will be quiet. Can only cry without pronounced Cried in the throat The younger is really stubborn, but who was hit this much, it was too much. Because of this child, even though it's really wrong But it was not deserving to hit this size. The 13 -year -old boy beside the room said that yesterday he saw him attacking the younger by using a hanger and his arms, including the body, squeezed and slapped the face, which he was Just saw the first time Previously never seen And you cried He threatened that if he didn't stop crying, he would be harder to hit him, so he couldn't bear it, so he was banned, but was fired and said that he didn't have to mess. And also heard him threatening him that if there is again, will be tied to the back of the house and then hit the meat He saw it still pity for the younger. But could not do anything. Initially, the staff of the children of Samut Prakan Province Afraid that Ness would not be safe Therefore brought Nong Nesa to record with Police Lieutenant Colonel Prasong Insmien, Inspector of Phra Pradaeng Police Station before receiving Nong Nest To take care of the Children's home in Samut Prakan Province to restore the mental state And find a way to treat the brain of Nest. Mr. Jitkorn Yamsiri, 56, Kamnan, Bang Yo Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan Province, said that he was informed by the villagers that there were children being assaulted. He therefore came to inspect with the police. And the staff of the children's residence. When entering, they found traces of being hit by the child's body. Therefore talked And agreed that the children's house Take the child out first With the condition of the child quite ahead The body has signs of being attacked. There is only one dress that is worn.
Bang Bo Slam, a large construction crane falling over the rental room, 1 body, injured 3 people.|Large construction crane fell over the rental room. 1 person died, 3 injured, papaya salad shock The dead just left the shop for only 10 minutes. Reporters reported that today (7 Dec) at 11.00 hrs. Police at Bang Bo police station was informed of Miron construction, falling over the rental room. There were deaths and injured. The incident beside the construction site on Rattanaraj Road, Bang Bo Subdistrict, Bang Bo District, Samut Prakan Province. Planting one layer next to each other, a total of 15 rooms, a large crane found on the 13 and 14 rooms, damaged. There are 3 injured, 2 residents of the 13th rental room. Knowing the name is Miss Piyada, 22 years old and Mr. Iam, 24 years old and Mr. Siriraj. The crane driver, the foundation staff, provided first aid before being taken to Bang Bo Hospital. Under the large cement sheets used to weighted cranes, found the body of Mr. Chalerm, aged 48, died, was crushed by a cement sheet. Spread the floor from the exam, Mr. Iam and Nang Piyada, who was in the room. 13, saying that she and his girlfriend just shifted from work today. Therefore led each other to rest in the room without expecting this incident After the incident, he and his girlfriend were crushed by the remains of the roof until they had to escape to death outside, while Miss Khanitha, another residents Told to both tears and trembling sounds, because he was shocked and shocked about the incident. This time he heard a few seconds of the iron, then there was a loud loud noisy, so he quickly escaped to death. During the incident, there were still residents in other rooms. Many more ran away from the room as well. Mrs. Pennapa, 42 years old, a papaya salad near the scene, said that the deceased came to buy things at their store. The deceased told him to eat before going to get the phone and rest a bit. After the deceased walked out of his shop for 10 minutes, he heard a loud noise. Turned to see the crane falling down and unexpectedly that the deceased would be crushed by the dead, while Mr Siriraj, a crane driver, who was slightly injured in his arms, saying that while he went up to drive the crane to prepare Lift the item on the construction site, not yet able to lift anything that turns the crane in the side room. Before falling down to the rental room, causing himself to bounce off the crane slightly As for the reason, it was expected from the subsidence of Pol. Col. Supakorn. Restoration The Director of Bang Bo Police Station revealed that from the investigation and investigation in the incident, it was a 5 -story condo construction location, with the request for construction from Bang Bo Subdistrict Administrative Organization correctly. Assembled to hire a company to proceed with the construction Only a few months ago, the crane was a crane that was installed with foundations. And only a few meters from the foundation from the foundation The crane weighs 8 tons after the incident. From the inspection, it was found that the cement sheets that were weighted in 8 sheets of the crane, which were 4 tons of 4 tons of cement and 4 tons of 4 tons that dropped. Came over the body of the deceased to the end and the parts were distributed all over the ground. At this time, the investigation officers have integrated all relevant agencies. Whether the probation officer Provincial Public Works and Town Planning Including all relevant agencies Investigate the cause of this reason. Invited the crane driver and engineer who controlled the initial interrogation at Bang Bo police station. Absolutely not involved. At the same time, the staff of the Ruam Kanyu Foundation brought the equipment to dig the soil at the point where the sheet of the dead were sinking underground and using a Makro. Raise the cement sheet that over the body of the deceased. In order to recover the bodies of the deceased from the ground. Ordered to stop the work of the said construction site first for further investigation
"Fish Doctor" invaded the temple, hijacked the abbot, spoke the truth, raped 2 girls for 4 years.|"Doctor of Labor Super Sampsi" led the team to attack the famous temple. The abbot's knot was said to be assaulted. 2 Girls, the abbot of the sexual performance for 8 years, pointed out from the temple of the temple from the case of a 14 -year -old girl and 18 years old. Muang, Samut Songkhram Province Actions and indecently for many years And relatives have reported the prosecution at Muang Samut Songkhram police station on 24 Nov 64, the latest today (7 Dec) reporters reported that The fish and the group traveled to Bang Chang Temple. To inquire about the facts with the abbot As well as requesting to inform the society because it is news that is in the public interest, with Mrs. Jiraprapa Aewcharoen, director of the Office of Buddhism Samut Songkhram Province And the officer is the coordinator And there is a police officer Samut Songkhram Police Station Bring a number of strength to maintain order Because there are villagers, both the victims and the abbot, there are almost many collisions. Asked the Office of the Buddhist Office first that the case of 2 brothers were abboted and indecent The prosecution was reported on 24 Nov 64, but why has no progress yet. He therefore had to travel to inquire about the facts from the abbot and relevant agencies. While the temple committee came down to see the fish doctor and the reporter said that the abbot would explain the facts The abbot of the said temple Which was the 20 -year -old abbot, denied that they did not do to abuse both children, claiming that the two children were relatives, I have been looking after and raising since small, but actually the children did not come to the temple or come to help. Just came during the ok from 08.00 hrs. To after 11.00 hrs. Online school time opened Wi-Fi to study, but the phone is not very good. Grandchildren ask to buy a mobile phone. So I can help at the temple to pay 200 baht per day. Divided into 100 baht mobile phone installments and helping both children in the past. In addition, I have an enlarged prostate disease. And erectile dysfunction for 8 years, how can you do it? In which the whole story I was bullied by the temple of the temple in the temple. The rhythm of the abbot was clarifying, almost 100 villagers came up on the cubicle shaving, insulting and asking the abbot. Causing the atmosphere to be tense Because there are about 20 abbots, there are approximately 20 people. There are almost many collisions. In the case of the case, the police reported the allegations of two temples, namely 1. Leading children under the age of 15 and 2. Ana Child As for the Sangha practice guidelines, he will order the abbot's abbot's duties. The Office of Buddhism in Samut Songkhram has reported all the information to the clergy, namely the District Dean of Mueang Samut Songkhram. There will be a thorough discussion between the monks soon. This is for further action for this event. Reporters have been revealed from The aunt of the girl A And the B. girl, aged about 15 years, said that he had complained to the Social Development Agency And the security of Samut Songkhram that The abbot has raped two girls from studying in grade 5 to the present, going up to grade 3 for more than 4 years using the method of speaking. Give things through the girl who is close to the abbot as a bird Please speak to the child. By giving money and compensation Have the abbot raped the child for a long time until the child began to grow up and therefore tried to distance himself Because he couldn't bear the behavior of this monk Therefore bring this story to complain at Muang Samut Songkhram police station on November 24, but nothing has progressed. Therefore received a complaint to the media And the Office of Social Development and Human Security, Samut Songkhram Province To help follow up and investigate the facts And proceed with legal proceedings
Today I know the results!The Supreme Court points out"Magnate Premchai" and the case of hunting the black panther|Thong Pha Phum Provincial Court Make an appointment to read the verdict in the case where the prosecutor is the plaintiff, filed a lawsuit against Mr. Premchai Karnasuta, the president of the company. Thai Italian Development Public Company Limited, Mr. Yong Jumprua, the driver of Mr. Premchai, Mrs. Nathei Saen Krua and Mr Thani Thumamat, Mr. Pran is the defendant in the offense 1. Jointly carry firearms to the city of the village without permission. 2. Jointly hunted wildlife in the wildlife sanctuary without permission. Without permission. 4. Together in possession of wildlife carcasses. 5. Together to help take it. Or accepted in any way, which the remains of wildlife Which was acquired by violating the law 6. Together to find forest products in the National Forest Reserve without permission from the case on 4 February 2018, the defendant jointly hunted wildlife in the area. Thung Yai Naresuan, Thong Pha Phum District, Kanchanaburi Province. Ordering Mr. Premchai for 16 months, not waiting for a criminal, ordering Mr. Yong 13 months, not waiting for criminal, ordering Nang Nat 4 months and a fine of 10,000 baht, imprisonment for 2 years and imprisoned Mr Thani 2 years 17 The month did not wait for the criminal. Later, the defendant fought the case in the appeal of the Court of Appeals. Increasing the penalty of Mr. Premchai as a 2 -year imprisonment, 14 months, not waiting for criminal, while Mr. Yong Court increased the penalty to 2 years 17 months, Mrs. Natee increased the penalty as a 1 year imprisonment, 8 months, fined 40,000 baht, but the prison sentence was waiting for criminal 2. Year, Mr Thani, who confessed to claiming to be a black panther The court increased the punishment as a 2 -year imprisonment, 21 months and the defendant shared the damages to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation 2 million baht in the Court of First Instance. Today, according to the Golden Provincial Court's appointment, prepare to read the Supreme Court's judgment at approximately 9:00 am. . While the atmosphere in front of Thong Pha Phum Provincial Court has many media embroidered. Follow the news since morning. In which the court officials stated that the media prepare the doctor application ready to check the vaccination And screening temperature measurement before allowing the court to be prepared by the court, not allowed to enter the trial room. Before entering the trial room
urgent!The court ordered the imprisonment of the magnate Premchai for 2 years and 6 months. Do not wait for the criminal to pay another 2 million baht.|On December 8, 2021, at 09.00 hrs., Thong Pha Phum Provincial Court, Kanchanaburi Province. It is a former Premchai Kannasutra, the former Chairman of the Italian, Thai Gleeping Yong, a group of Natee Saen Tumatthummas Pran Pa Drun, a defendant for the defendant. Together, carry firearms in the city, village or public way without permission. The base of the hunting in the Wildlife Sanctuary without permission for a co -hunting base without permission. The base together is possessing the carcasses of protected wildlife without permission. The base together helps to hide and help take it. Or accepting wildlife carcasses obtained by violating the law And the base together to find forest products in the National Forest Reserve without the latest permission. At approximately 10.30 hrs. It was reported that the Supreme Court has a verdict in the Court of First Instance and the Court of Appeal. Sentenced to Mr. Premchai for 2 years, 6 months, Mr. Yong 2 years, 9 months and Mr Thani 2 years, 13 months without parole and allowing the defendant to compensate for damages to the National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation 2 million baht in the famous court of the famous case. Said on 4 February 2018, the defendants jointly entered the Thung Yai Naresuan forest, Western region, Kanchanaburi Province and jointly killed the black panther. Gray blue pheasant Which is a wildlife reserved For food The defendant rejected. Later, the Thong Pha Phum Provincial Court Pensent up and saw that the defendant committed the wrongdoing, imprisoned Premchai, the defendant 1, a total of 16 months, not waiting for a criminal, imprisoned, jumped out, the second defendant, a total of 13 months, not waiting for a criminal imprisonment for the 3rd defendant for 4 months. 10,000 baht, imprisonment for a criminal, scheduled for 2 years and imprisonment, Thani Thumat, the 4th defendant, total 2 years 17 months, not waiting for criminal and all the defendants Together to compensate 2 million baht with interest, 7.5 percent per year to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation. The injured person by The plaintiff's prosecutor and all four defendants appealed. Later, Kanchanaburi Provincial Court Read the verdict of the Court of Appeals 7 by sentenced to increase the imprisonment for Premchai Karnasuta, a total of 2 years, 14 months, Yong jumped, totaling 2 years, 17 months, 1 month, prison, 1 year, 8 months, fined 40,000 baht, but wait for the criminal 2 Year, Thanee Thumamat imprisonment for 2 years, 21 months without waiting for the Criminal Criminal and Thani to the four defendants. Together to pay damages for the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation. To the injured person, totaling 2 million baht with 7.5 percent interest per year, then The court allowed Premchai Karnasuta, the 1st defendant, the second defendant and Thani Thumasamat, the 4th defendant, with another 200,000 baht per securities, between the petitions, with the conditions that do not leave the country unless it was licensed first. This page, Premchai was also the Court of Appeals of the Corruption Division and misconduct. Sentenced 1 year imprisonment, not waiting for a criminal case in the case of Premchai, proposed a bribe to government officials So as not to be prosecuted for hunting that Premchai was sued as a defendant for a common offense, asking or accepting whether the property or other benefits to the official In order to motivate the act of not acting or delay the wrongdoing with duties According to the Criminal Code, Section 144, in accordance with Section 83 in a joint hunting case, and others, which is under consideration of the Supreme Court and there is also a case at the Court of Appeal. Sentenced to imprisonment for Premchai for 6 months without parole In the case of a rifle, the rifle is in possession without permission under the firearm and ammunition Act B.E. 2490, which is under consideration of the Supreme Court as well.
Go back to the case of the famous "Black Panther" of "magnate Premchai" that has been waiting for more than 3 years.|Back in February 2018, there would be no case to be famous. Shaking the whole industry equal to the "Black Panther Case" at the Great Forest Protection Unit Thung Yai Naresuan Wildlife Sanctuary, arresting the faculty of Mr. Premchai Karnasuta, the president of the company Thai Italian Development Public Company Limited, which has been smuggled in the area of Huai Pashi, along with seizing many firearms with gray pheasant with barking and black panther. Get a lot of attention during a short time. A picture of a magnate Premchai in a T -shirt, shorts, sitting in front of the camp Was forwarded to viral online With a society that questions this case When the accused is a big level How much can you believe in the judicial process? And the wrong person will be punished as it should be or not. This question is even more pronounced when there is a picture of Gen. Sri Warah. Rangsiphrahmanakul The Deputy Commander of the National Police at that time was humble. Curve to pay respect to the goddess Premchai in the investigation room until being shared online Emphasizing the scriptures of the society that Despite being the accused in an important case, when a big businessman, the billionaire will be treated differently to the general public. Counterattack in reporting Magnate Premchai amidst the hot criticism of society The judicial process continued. The spotlight in this case is screened to "Chian Chian" Wichian Chinwong, Head of Thung Yai Naresuan Wildlife Sanctuary Kanchanaburi Province Which is an important force in reporting the prosecution of Mr. Premchai from the beginning In addition to hunting cases Also fought in the case of bribery as well. The case began the court investigation process. By the Fraga of Mr. Premchai, denied that he did not go to hunt. On the day of the incident He arrived on Saturday evening and went to rest. Wake up early and go to Thung Yai. Until being arrested on the same evening Ready to be imprisoned for 2 days 2 nights, unable to contact anyone Because the phone was confiscated After coming out, he met a hundred reporters for over 1 year. Finally, March 2019, the Court of First Instance had a verdict. Imprisonment for Mr. Premchai for 16 months without parole. But lifted the lawsuit on charges of collecting forests And charged with a black panther carcass Before referred to the securities of 400,000 baht, requesting bail to fight the case while the hunting case still proceeded. Discussion was also found in many small cases. Until the time passed until December 2019, the Court of Appeals ordered Increase the punishment to be imprisoned for 2 years, 14 months, do not wait for the criminal, with additional charges of joint bases of wildlife occupied, namely the black panther in possession without permission. With and most recently On this morning (8 December 2021) or almost 2 years since the verdict of the Court of Appeal The case came to the end. After the Supreme Court has a verdict According to the Court of First Instance and the Court of Appeal Sentenced to Mr. Premchai for 2 years, 6 months without waiting for criminal And the defendant shared the damages to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation 2 million baht
Gathering a spouseCatch the internet idols, chain, reconcile, Tiktok, claiming to be burglary.|Immigration police gather Myanmar spouses. Catch the famous net idol chain. Tiktok claims to be stolen. Pol. Maj. Gen. Ayen Yon Krai Thong, Deputy Commander of Immigration Police. Announcing the arrest of Zaw (reserved the family) and his girlfriend at the room in Bang Khun Thian area. From the case of the end of July 64, Miss Min (assumed name), the famous Net Idol, Myanmar, the victim was bound by the ankle. And used a hand -held rope to be detained in a room, Soi Khlong Si, Pathum Thani Province, because he understood that the burgla had been shot and posted on the Tiktok application. At that time, a good citizen of Thai people came to see, so he alerted. Mr. Zaw released the victim. Later, the investigative officer met with Miss Min, who consulted for help by showing the Tiktok post. Along with telling all the things that occurred The investigation set therefore coordinated Ms. Min to report the complaint to prosecute and investigate the incident immediately. According to the investigation, there were 2 participants, Zaw and Mrs. Maai, the girlfriend. Join the movement from the beginning Therefore collected evidence to request an arrest warrant and announced the arrest of the two people until the investigation team investigated until Mr Zaw and Mrs. Makai fled to the apartment in Bang Khun Thian, Bangkok, then proceeded. The search and able to arrest both of the accused by reporting the allegations that "Together, detention, imprisonment and imported into a general computer system, which may be accessed by computer data that appears of others. Which should cause others to lose reputation Being insulted, hated Or to be embarrassed. "Bring himself to the duty of the Khlong Luang police station to proceed with the case.
"Sriwara" opens up the legendary image bent to pay respect to "magnate Premchai" because at home taught like this|"Sriwara" opens up after the Supreme Court sentenced to imprisonment. "Magnate Premchai" revealed to bow to pay respect because at home taught like this Does not change the law Rich or until equal. All reporters reported that today (8 Dec) at 16.00 hrs. Gen. Sriwara Rangsipraphanakul Prime Minister's Advisor As a former Deputy Commander of the National Police The head of the case that made the case at Premchai Karnasuta, Board of Directors Thai Italian The public limit is jointly hunting the black panther in Thung Yai Naresuan Wildlife Sanctuary. Kanchanaburi province in 2018 opened the house of Soi Klang Montri Prachachuen for the media to interview. After the Thong Pha Phum Provincial Court, the Supreme Court ordered the Chao Sua Premchai imprisonment for 2 years, 14 months without waiting for the criminal. Gen. Sriwara Open mind to the media After being accused when he was still a Deputy Commander in Chief of the Police, he was considerate by raising his hands and may secretly assist in the case of Mr. Premchai until it was criticized by the society, revealing that his own bowing Because he was taught like this At home, respect the brahmin There is already a regular payment and acceptance. Whether all the rich or the poor are all equal When prosecuted, they have the right to fight according to the law. In the past, the police gathered evidence. And clear witnesses in order to fill the vulnerability from the prosecution. Admit that there is pressure in the case Because at first there was little evidence In addition, subordinates and families are highly pressure. But when the police made a lawsuit against the prosecutor and the prosecutor ordered the sued as the police proceeded Was successful in this case As for the verdict, what will it be? Was unable to determine the said case Considered to be a role model for the juniors to lay the guidelines. With environmental offenders By depositing to all officers Do not work according to the trend. To be very strong and love each other for the case of weapons and ivory cases Is another case that is still in the judicial process Which was born after the black panther's case in terms of prosecution with Mr Premchai, if acquitted Reporters asked if he was afraid. Will Mr. Premchai be angry? Maj. Gen. Sriwara said that this case was made according to the evidence and followed the duties. Which he did not know that Will Mr. Premchai be angry or not?
Corrections revealed "Premchai". Many diseases have a prison doctor closely|Mr. Sinthaphan, Director -General of the Department of Corrections Revealed after the correctional officer detained Mr. Premchai Karnasuta to Thong Pha Phum District Prison that she received a report from Mrs. Jitra Prasert Sopa, the commander of the Thong Pha Phum Prison. That he had made a history of inmates in accordance with the correctional regulations. Preliminary examination found that many diseases, such as cataracts, diabetes, blood pressure, heart disease, fat, liver, etc. But the person has brought personal treatment. The accused was sent in the territory of the disease for 21 days according to the prevention measure-19. But if there is a period of illness, there will be nursing officials in prison to take care of and check the physical health closely. Ready to coordinate the hospital If the symptoms collapse
The 12 -year -old girl screamed at the house, sleeping well.|12 -year -old girl screaming home The crazy man invaded and hugged in the middle of the night. Holding a rampant knife Not allowing the police to arrest at 11.00 hrs. (8 Dec 64) Police Colonel Krit Masuk, Deputy Director of Nong Prue Police Station, Bang Lamung District, Chonburi Province, received notification The man was crazy about molesting girls. The incident occurred at Moo 8, Pong Subdistrict, Bang Lamung District, Chon Buri Province. After being notified, the police officers were with the equipment to suspend the incident. The incident found Mr Kongdej, 49, the father of Miss A (a hypothetical name), aged 12 years, taking the authorities to detain the culprit, with the mother and sister of the crime. Year and also help to persuade the police But Mr Khem instead shows the shouting attitude to the officer And use weapons to threaten the police After that, the officers were surrounded and persuaded again. And let Mr Kongdej go to talk by deceiving to speak to the good daughter. Therefore walked to Mr Kongdej's house to meet Miss A, the officer then entered the chart without losing and injury. Before detaining Mr. Send the inquiry official to proceed with the legal procedure. In which the incident, the villagers in the neighborhood are relieved Because when Mr. Crazy Afraid that it would be dangerous to the villagers and children Therefore want the officer to take him to heal or stay elsewhere. Mr Kongdech's father, the father, said that Mr "sneaked into the house in the middle of the night In the past, he went to sleep and hug his daughter. Until his daughter was shocked and woke up and cried out He was startled and met Mr Khem. Sneak into his house He therefore reported the record at Nong Prue Police Station to prosecute Mr Khem.
Leave the "Jeen", a brutal employer with a close subordinate to attack "Nong Fah" seriously.|"Jeen", a brutal employer and a close subordinate to attack "Nong Fah", seriously hurt, the accused of a serious expression. There is no relative requesting bail from the case of a young man aged 29, was attacked by a brutal employer. Until the brother couldn't bear to kidnap his brother out Before seeing the shock truth She was hit until the face was deformed. Rotten genitals Besides being ordered to eat shit, such as hell. Came out to clarify that the real PVC pipe Because Mr. Fah is stubborn like a lie, for example, the sky does not give the dog rice, then lied to give And stealing things in the house But did not use the baseball wood as Mr Fah said As for forcing to eat a dog pee Not true, just threatening When the sky wipes pee and unclean dogs And the reason to hit the genitals Is because of the rest of Mr Fah, starting to think badly with Jek Like to look at the face and erect Jae then uses PVC pipes to hit the genitals of the sky. In order to teach because it is inappropriate and badly thought of the wounds in the body, partly from the sky, refusing to heal And do not take care of his own cleanliness, Maj. Gen. Jiraphat Phumjit, Region 1 Police Commissioner, revealed that the hole of the trend has arrested the owner of the factory with another employee according to the arrest warrant for jointly attacking the body until seriously injured. Fat employee In this factory, it is a factory selling construction materials, with 3 employees, the victim is one of them. Fat is one of the employees who jointly hurt the victims in the interrogation. To confess both sides Initially, the inquiry official reported charges of joint physical assault, seriously injured under the Criminal Code, Section 297, imprisonment from 6 months to 10 years, fined 10,000 to 200,000 baht. The latest progress (9 Dec 64) at approximately 10.00 hrs. Inthaburi Police Station has detained Ms. Nipaporn or Jeang and Mr. Sarayut or Fat's followers Get in the car to control the accused. Travel to deposit at Sing Buri Provincial Court Which throughout the 2 days that is detained at Inthaburi Police Station There was no relative to ask for bail in any way. Their faces seem serious. And do not allow any interviews All of this The court approved the deposit. And not bail the accused Which referred to the right to appeal next time
The 26 -year -old young engineer is crazy about killing the neck of the real mother with 4 black bags.|The 26 -year -old young engineer farewell from Rayong to stay with her mother. Before killing the mother's neck with 4 black bags, the latest police sent a thorough inspection of the mind from the case yesterday (8 Dec 64), a 26 -year -old man, an engineer Famous construction company Causing real murder Own, which was 60 years old, at the 4th floor parking lot in a building in Lumpini In which this floor has been converted into a food court And the deceased lived at this food court at the scene, found that the body In the bedroom at the food court The face of the deceased has 4 bags of black bags, wrapped around the face, still found 2 knives beside the body. Initially, the offender confessing that he was the murder of his own mother. And from the history inspection, also found that the culprit Having mental illness and continuous treatment At a private hospital, the latest news team contacted Lumpini Police Station, found that after the interrogation of the crime Finished Sent to the police hospital For medical experts to examine physical and mental conditions Of the culprit thoroughly While the interrogation of the culprit admits that he actually killed her mother But still unable to post details, methods and motivation In which the inquiry official Have to wait for the testimony of the culprit again, especially the evidence that the police encountered the scene, consisting of plastic bags and knives falling on December 10, the inquiry official will bring the offender To be imprisoned at the court through the video conferencing system for the culprit who has a career as an engineer of a construction company. In Rayong And had a history of stress from work at a hospital Before the incident The culprit has left a break. Can stay with mom for about 2 weeks
Elder told the minute to kidnap "Nong Fah" escape the brutal employer.Impinated.|Elder told the minute, kidnapped "Nong Fah" escape "Jake" moved. Because at home, the employer when he fried Smells But never eaten (9 Dec 64) at approximately 10:00 am police officers Inthaburi Police Station has detained Ms. Nipaporn or Jeang and Mr. Sarawut or Mr. Uan, the right hand of Jek. Get in the car to control the accused. To travel to jail at Sing Buri Provincial Court Which throughout the 2 days that is detained at Inthaburi Police Station No relatives traveled to submit a request for bail in any way. The condition of both of them seemed to be serious and refused to give any interviews. Until the end of the insurance time Jake and they were sent to the Sing Buri Prison. Later, Mr Thapanawatchara and Mr Fah traveled with the police and the lawyer Kerdphon Kaew Kerd, a famous lawyer. And attended the meeting with the government at the meeting room of the Social Development and Human Security Office Sing Buri City Hall In helping to take care of S. Patcharin Who is a cousin and Mr. Fah Come with relatives In order to trap the younger brother that "At first, when I saw the news, I didn't know that I was my brother. Until I came to know again, Mr. Fah called to tell him, was very shocked, not thinking that there would be a serious matter and the younger will be done so violent. In which the news that he knew the news, cried, regret and let him come to see the younger siblings to come to Sing Buri today Now I have met my younger brother. After not having consecuted for almost 20 years, I was glad to meet. But regret that there are cruel people attacking him Would like the police officers to be good and Jake to reach the end, Ms. Kwan Mr Fah's sister -in -law said that when he was kidnapped, he was waiting for the dog to release the dog. And waiting for the younger to keep the dog Therefore deceived him to bring things in the car And hurriedly drove him back The next day after finding a doctor He took the porridge and asked him if Does the sky want to eat something special? You can tell you. Don't be considerate. You say, "It's okay. Put rice with water. I can eat. Please be water But if possible, ask for omelet rice Because he was over there when he fry the scent But never eaten. "We were stunned by tears. I have never eaten yet. After the new brother You are terrified when we open the door. But in the latter, the younger became better Concerned about the left eye of you. And the teeth due to the broken jaw and the teeth do not have the left, making it not good at eating Which will take the younger to continue to treat the symptoms after leaving the meeting room, the lawyer Kerdphon Kaew Kerd, the famous lawyer said that at this time, all the officials involved are screening that Jek's actions Is it considered a human trafficking? If it is considered a human trafficking, it will proceed according to the process. In my own Will come to help you be a joint lawyer to claim compensation. In addition to the government has healed And will help each other to the end See what can help Sent to check the mental health to assemble the phrase And the person who attacked the younger must also be responsible If you have to seize assets after the court has a verdict, then have to seize the auction, then have to do it to treat the younger. As for other matters, it is to enforce labor, which is part of human trafficking. Another thing is This employer used the younger to open the company. And go to open an account Which you said I have signed a lot of checks. If there is a problem like this, will take you to close the account. And post the daily record first And must publicize for those who are partners with this company If checking the bounce You will be discussed by a criminal case again. Because he planned for many signing to check in advance In which Nong Fah has been tricked into being the owner of the business, must be a signature For Nong Fah said that Have to go to treat and be comfortable that the lawyer was born Come to help this time
Help 14 Myanmar workersBoth hungry and coldPay a broker fee of 2.5 thousand per person but was dumped in the middle of the forest|Soldiers to save lives 14 Myanmar workers Both hungry and cold Paying a commission of 2.5 thousand per person, but was abandoned in the middle of the forest yesterday (10 Dec 64). Reporters from Mae Ramat District, Tak Province that Col. Chakkaphong Thepphan, Commander of the Scout Task Force Tak province has ordered the fast moving set, 3505 Rangers, the administrative department of Mae Ramat District, Mae Ramat Police Station, Tak Province and the relevant parties. Walking around in a forest area near the Thai-Myanmar border The Route of Ton Phueng Village, Village No. 5, Sam Muen Subdistrict, Mae Ramat District, to prevent and pressure to intercept the smuggling of foreign workers into illegal city. And investigated that There is still a migrants of foreign workers in the said route, while the patrols found a group of foreign workers. Myanmar nationality Smuggling illegally, 14 people are divided into 2 men, 12 women, all are in a cold condition due to the cold weather in the forest. And whacked from walking in the forest until the supplies that were carried in the luggage are almost out. Officials then detained all workers from the forest. And help by providing food, drinking water, ready to be sent to check for the Okvid -19 Before sending to separate the investigation to expand the case from the initial investigation, knowing that Myanmar workers are illegal. All 14 people travel from Pha An State Karen. Myanmar After agreeing with a broker to take into Thailand By bringing smuggling across the Thai-Myanmar border river to Mae Ramat District And have to walk again to get on the car In which each person has to pay a commission to 25,000 baht per person in exchange for bringing to sell labor at Samut Prakan Province, but during that time Labor broker found staff patrolling. Therefore left the labor and immediately escaped Release all 14 workers in the forest And walked until all the forests were lost in the cold weather in the forest When late, sitting in the sun, relieving the cold until accidentally fell asleep. Before the officers walked to patrol to detect And all control
"Jake" opens the mouth to "Nong Fah" 15 years, love and bound, apologize from the heart to bow.|Sorayut revealed the message from "Jake" to "Nong Fah". I want to apologize from my heart to pay respect for 15 years. Never left love with him. Until the brother couldn't bear to kidnap his brother out Before seeing the shock truth She was hit until the face was deformed. Rotten genitals Besides being ordered to eat shit, such as hell, both as the latest progress (9 Dec 64) at around 10.00 hrs. Detained Ms. Nipaporn or Jeang and Mr. Sarayut or Fat's subordinates of Jek to take the car to control the accused. Travel to deposit at Sing Buri Provincial Court Which throughout the 2 days that is detained at Inthaburi Police Station There was no relative to ask for bail in any way. Their faces seem serious. And do not allow any interviews All while the assaulted Mr Fah admitted that he was not angry Because in the past, in a family That has always been patient because he wants to repay you But in the case, it depends on the latest police. Facebook Sorayut Suthasanachinda, the news reported that Jek revealed the message to Fah from in prison, saying in a briefly, "I want to apologize. Forgive each other, do not reserve, never leave him for 15 years, never leave love, bond with him. "
The most confusing man, a short -haired man drove, chasing after the gun, threatening, but the police went to find the evidence.|The most confusing boy met a trolling man, chasing after the house, pulling the gun, threatening the police, said to be damaged before reporting. And chased to find the evidence by yourself (10 Dec 64) at 15.00 hrs. Mr. Kwanchai, 30 years old, Roi Et Province Brought a closing camera clip that recorded the incident while he was trolled Drive a Fortuner Using firearms to fire in the middle of the night last night until having to drive away to dodge at the guesthouse The incident occurred in Soi Dragon, the case, Village No. 5, Phraeksa Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan Province. By complaining to the media after reporting the complaint to the inquiry official And the police to find evidence by themselves because no one went to find evidence He was afraid that he would not be fair, so he complained to the media. Mr Kwanchai, the victim told the thrilling minute that At around 1 am of the night, December 10, after he finished, the work was driving a pickup truck in order to return to the guesthouse in Soi Dragon. On the way, he saw that there were 2 cars riding in front of his car. And he overtakes while going up the bridge Fortuner drove up in front of his car. In the type of lane He still talked about the girlfriend that we couldn't hurry back because he didn't know where to go. He turned on the left turn signal and slapped in the left and brakes. The accelerator went because of the abdominal pain. Which is the curve of the ES, hurry to drive He then evicted closely. Expel the hijack to hit his car. While arriving in front of Pruksa Village 15, on the way, he honk the horn. He thought that he had chased because of his back of the car would fall or not. So he went out and didn't see anything. He honk the horn again. He drove normally. He saw a bad posture. He stepped on the accelerator again. And while he was about to turn into the house, which was behind the police station, he still accelerated to hit his car. In order to stop the car, but he broke the car, and he rode the car into the house as the clip appeared. Are you so cool? Are you so strong? He came to think that he did something wrong. And he was planning to walk out to clear, but he had thought that He followed this much, must definitely have weapons. So he came down to peek at the side of the wall Which has a tall, thin man, short haircut, like a person in a uniform Open the door down from the said Fortuner. Before the black Mazda brand sedan drove in another car Before the said man, the walking style was one side In which the magazine guns down before pulling up the trunk Came to stop at the entrance to his fence and shouted for him, but he didn't leave, so he walked back to the car While he walked back to the car, he used the firearm even more threatening to the sky before walking out of the car with the sedan, so he called the hotline 191 before the patrol staff. Came in and told him to report to the police station But when he arrived at the female inquiry official, but a short haircut like a man asked He said that he was shot and told the incident. And the said person asked him if he was damaged or not. He said that there was nothing damaged, but was shocked. He came to chase him this much. But hundreds of duty said that he was not the victim Must be damaged before reporting Right now, I can only put on the journal and receive the matter and he said that he had to find evidence. The whole police or something to check for him, so confused why if so, why would he report? And afraid that it would not be safe if the person who caused the incident as he thought Therefore he requested fairness to the media
The body of a 55 -year -old man floated in the Prachinburi River.Expected to be killedThe neck is broken around.|The body of a 55 -year -old man was found to be murdered, floating in the Prachinburi River. There was a trace of the knife on the thumb and right hand until almost torn. The neck is broken around (10 Dec 64). Pol. Col. Chumphon Bodhisuk, Inspector (Investigation), Muang Prachinburi Police Station Was informed by Sawang Bamphang Dharma Rescue Unit, Prachinburi province, with folk fishermen (shrimp), found the dead as a man, sluggish, floating upside down In the middle of the Prachinburi River In front of the Makok Sima Ram Temple, Village No. 1, Rob Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang Prachinburi District, from the examination of evidence and an autopsy. The name of Mr. Suthat, 55 years old, Chon Buri province, the body was sluggish, died for no less than 2-3 days. The right finger found a trace of a knife on the thumb and right hand until almost torn. At the neck area, can rotate around and find other evidence The driver's license is a taxi driver, a cash is an old banknote that has accumulated a number of old models with 1 Suzuki brand car key and many business cards. Initially, it was believed that the deceased was murdered. Before meeting the Ploy up, sluggish in the Prachinburi River Therefore, it was collected as evidence and followed up and investigated. Pol. Col. Kasin Thamrongsri Suk, Director of Muang Prachinburi Police Station, revealed that after the body was found 55 years old, police officers contacted their wife and children. Deceased After receiving the name and telephone number, knowing that the deceased was Prachinburi before Not a taxi driver Currently, there is a trading career at Surasak Subdistrict, Si Racha District, Chon Buri Province.
The spokesman for the police, the heart is broken, from the appointment of "Do not be discouraged", create energy for yourself.|Spokesman of the police, won the heartbroken personnel from the appointment. Do not be discouraged, will affect the people. If not fair Using a complaint to the Royal Thai Police at the Royal Thai Police (Police), Pol. Maj. Gen. Yingyot Thep Chamnong, spokesman for the police, revealed that from the case that it appears in various channels, there are civil servants. Some police have submitted a resignation or some are discouraged. With that police service Pol.Gen. Facts and personnel under Including the details of the individual problems Then propose to the hierarchy in order to find a solution to the morale of the subordinates In order to perform duties at full capacity Maximum benefit to the treatment of happiness, nourishing happiness to the people. The spokesman of the police said that he does not want all the troops to be discouraged because if the power is discouraged in the performance of duties The result will fall to the people. The appointment of the annual police officers. Every year, there are both disappointment as well as all civil servants. Which the Royal Thai Police has proceeded in accordance with the SEC rules, including regulations Related laws Won, don't be discouraged. Build yourself in order to be a refuge for the people. As a police officer Acknowledged what to do with the police officer "in the appointment The Royal Thai Police "Benefits to the government" as the main, done with prudence in accordance with the SEC rules, including regulations Related laws If the police officers who see that they are not fair In the appointment National Police Agency There is a law to complain to the Royal Thai Police, which the Civil Service Commission Ready to consider the fairness, which the Commander in Chief has instructed to consider transparency Understand the reason and necessity for the "benefit of the government" in the appointment of police officers, "said Maj. Gen. Yingyot.
The mother revealed the knot of the volunteer to shoot the wife in front of the district.Shot in the city of the cityAfter divorce registration|The volunteer shot 8 wives, extinguished in front of the district. Before shooting in the main city of the mother, the mother revealed the marriage registration knot, not yet organized the wedding The wife confirmed to divorce from the case at 10.30 hrs. On 9 December, Mr. Sukit Luengsakul Thai The sheriff of Kantharalak, Sisaket Province, was informed of a shot. At the area of Kantharalak District Office Therefore hurried to go to inspect Along with coordinating the police Kantharalak Police Station To the scene when he arrived, found a white Toyota brand car, registered Ubon Ratchathani. Parked in front of the flag pole that Kantharalak District Office The side of the driver's side of the driver's side is spreading inside the front seat of the driver's side, found a 36 -year -old Miss Chaowanee's body shot with 5 guns. At the same time, the volunteer volunteers are 34 years old, under the Saha Police Station. Is the husband of the deceased Use the same type of firearm Shot in the middle of the forehead, penetrating 1 shot in the suicide in the City Pillar Shrine Blood flow Beside the body found a 9 mm firearm, so it was kept as evidence from the investigation that the two victims just registered marriage in Don Mueang. Bangkok But has not yet entered the traditional wedding ceremony Which plans to hold a wedding ceremony soon Later, the woman asked for a divorce date, but the man refused to divorce. Finally, agreed to meet in front of the district to register for divorce. When arriving in front of the registration room Within the district office It appears that the long queue has to wait a long time. Both of them therefore argued and argued loudly. After that, the woman could not wait. Then walked out of the district office to get in the car But the man said not to return After that, the man walked to his own car. While also picking up the gun Walked to knock on the car door for the woman to open But the woman refused to open Then pulled the gun to shoot 8 shots through the folk Penetrate the body As a result, death after that man Drove away to park in front of the City Pillar Shrine While carrying firearms walking up to the City Pillar Shrine And worshiping the court Before fires the suicide as the cause is unclear whether it is caused by jealousy or not. Or caused by not understanding each other Therefore, it is the reason for the murder and suicide, which the authorities will expedite the investigation to proceed with the law (11 Dec 64) Relatives brought the body of General Prayong, 34, who shot his wife and shot his head at Kantharalak City Pillar Shrine, leaving the Sisaket Hospital to Wat Phra Yai. To perform religious ceremonies By the body of Pon Prayong wearing a normal white outfit, then the undertaker performed a tie ceremony And brought the white cloth to control the body In order to perform the corpse ceremony at the coffin, with Lieutenant Colonel Phakin Khantiwong, Roi -Roi, investigating the owner of the case, along with the fingerprint officer Come to print the fingerprint of the deceased To assemble the case according to the law And all relatives came to attend the ceremony with a sad atmosphere. Said in a more sad voice Usually his son is polite. And very strict in the discipline of the military Before the incident, they traveled from Bangkok. With volunteer volunteers as a driver When returning home at Ban Krajong Went to negotiate with the woman at the woman's house But the woman did not agree Confirmed to divorce from each other And made an appointment to register for divorce on the day of the incident Until the tragic event occurred Causing him to feel very sad He apologized to the female parents and family as well.
The robber holds a gun, hijacking a convenience store around the Victory Monument.Sweeping money in Kae 4 thousand taxis waiting to take away|The thief held a gun, hijacked a convenience store. In the Victory Monument area Sweep the cash at the counter to 4,000 pink taxi, waiting to escape at 04.00 hrs. (11 Dec 64), Capt. Charoen Suk Mak, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation) Phayathai Police Station, received notification of the criminals. Speaker of the Salai White Convention Shop Mall, Soi Ratchawithi 11, Phaya Thai Road, Thanon Phaya Thai, Ratchathewi District, Bangkok, therefore reporting to the supervisor. Then went to inspect with Col. Bowonphop Soonthornrek, Ph.D., Phayathai Police Station and the 1st Police Officer, Sor Por. 191, the incident was a convenience store branch 09572 in the back of Phaya Thai island. Near the Victory Monument Found the female staff of the shop standing in the shop And still frightened As for the criminals after the incident, the firearm of the robbery received 3,000-4,000 baht before escaping. Col. Bowonphop said that from the investigation of the staff in the shop during the incident, it was learned that before the incident, the criminal was 1 male. People aged about 35 years, thin body, tall 170-175 cm. Wear a cap. Wear a mask to hide the face. Wearing a long -sleeved jacket, 1 pants, carrying 1 cloth bag, made as a customer, walking to buy at the shop 2 times, similar to looking at the 3rd time. At this time, it is not yet known whether it is a real gun or fake. Came out of the cloth bag threatening the staff Before walking around to pick up the cash after the counter gets about 4,000 baht and then fleeing the shop to the bus stop, Phaya Thai, Pol.Col. Army 1 Chasing the image from the surveillance of the surrounding and nearby area To check the escape route Initially found that Before the crime, the pink taxi (unknown registration) Which at this time still cannot confirm whether they know each other or not Before having a taxi around the bus stop As for the criminals walking to the shop, similar to walking Before the incident and then walked back to get on the same taxi to escape to Phayathai junction on the inbound side, totaling about 10 minutes. This is a long holiday. People are not crowded. Combined with economic conditions The criminal therefore rely on this rhythm. However, the officer asked for time to work first. And will follow up to prosecute quickly
The young man sat around and stabbed the dead. 2 bodies claimed to protect themselves.The body of a young woman is softly pregnant.|The young man sat around and stabbed the dead. 2 bodies claimed to protect themselves. The body of a young woman is softly pregnant. The witness told the thrilling minute. Expected to be jealous at 01.30 hrs. (11 Dec 64) Pol. Col. Chatchawan Saengsuwan, Sarisawat Investigation Sri Maha Phot Police Station, Prachinburi Province, was informed that there were two teenagers in the quarrel and caused the use of weapons, knives, and died of 2 people, 1 man and 1 woman at the Tha Tum Dam, Village No. 1. Sri Maha Phot, Prachinburi Province, after receiving notification Traveled with Pol. Col. Wiwat Phisitsak Director of Sri Maha Phot Police Station, Pol.Col. And the police officers Doctor of Sri Maha Phot Hospital Rescue personnel Traveled to investigate the incident on the Prachinburi River Dam Found 1 woman who is 27 years old, which is being mildly. Stabbed with a knife weapon in the left belly area. Also found another man's body Died, sinking the pile of blood, not a little far from the first body Body examination Found a wound stabbed with sharp objects as well Police officers gave to the rescue personnel to bring the bodies of the two dead to Sri Maha Phot Hospital. To allow the doctor to autopsy again. Sri Maha Phot Police Station, Col. Wiwat Phisitsak The director of the Si Maha Phot Police Station said that there was a death on the edge of the Tha Tum Dam. Therefore traveled to the scene Initially, from the inquiry, the accused admitted to the confession that the use of weapons, knives to pierce each other to die. The reason should be from jealousy from inquiring. Miss Pariyakon, 25, who was at the scene, said Previously about At midnight, the culprit came to sit and drink alcohol in this area. With both dead people drinking And before the incident The dead man asked to walk to the bathroom. Leaving the woman and the offender. After that, the dead man came out to see. Therefore causing jealousy Therefore jumped to kick the person 1 time, then came out to quarrel outside The deceased ran into his hand, so the knife was stabbed to many wounds. As for the woman who died Came in, forbidden, was stabbed by a crossfire until he died, Mr Witawat, 25, who said that he was eating beer, he was about to kick him, so he punched him back and would return home to him. Looking for the protection, picking up the knife in the bag Unintentionally killed But because of anger To his family too. Sorry, I didn't really intend to do anything. I don't know what he will have. Will he come to do anything? He does not know the incident. Because he was a man He still didn't know why he hurt himself. If it was because of jealousy But he talked to women, there was nothing too much, just talking
Leave the "Hot Head Rider", draw a knife, shop ownerAngry to walk to pick up his own, even though the legs hurt|Leave the "Hot Head Rider", draw a knife, shop owner Angry to walk to pick up his own, even though the legs hurt Claiming to walk, not able to walk but chase people Inspecting the substance from the case of a clip of an event clip "Hot Head Rider" invaded the owner of the restaurant owner. In which the poster states that "Hot Head Rider" invaded and ranting and using a knife to attack the owner of the restaurant. The reason is caused by dissatisfaction with having to walk in to get the food by yourself. The incident occurred on December 7, the latest (11 Dec 64), Col. Komsit Rangsai, Deputy Commander in Chief 7, revealed that the Taling Chan police investigation officers were arresting him. Jatuporn, 31 years old, according to the arrest warrant of the Taling Chan Criminal Court 445/2564 dated December 9, 2021, on charges of "trying to kill others by premiere first. And carrying weapons in the city, village or public way openly Or without a reasonable cause "by arresting on the side of Borommaratchachonnani Road, Chimplee Subdistrict, Taling Chan District, Bangkok. "Hot Head Rider" in the said clip By doing it because he was not happy that the shopkeeper came to pick up the food himself Despite my own legs Initially, the accused sent to the Taling Chan police investigation officer to proceed with the law. The owner of the restaurant went out to show the node. And told the incident that the day of arguments with Rider was because the parties refused to walk to receive the order that legs pain, together with the shop, there were many customers Therefore decided to call to change the client But the other party is not happy Therefore walked in with vulgar words There is intimidation that he will meet. And said that if banned, will come to kill to die. The first day decided to report, but the police had to record Ready to tell him that the criminal shouldn't dare to come back Before the other day, the criminal came to stab until injured after being stabbed by the police who received the story tomorrow. To contact the staff who have received the matter The police do not watch the clip. Told me to come another last day (11 Dec 64), the investigation officer of Taling Chan Police Station, detained Mr. Chatuporn, 31, a food driver who sent a knife to attack the owner of a restaurant in the condo at the entrance of Soi Borom. Rajanani 35 on December 8 To ask for the power of the Taling Chan Criminal Court Deposit the first stir -fry while requesting the investigation of the inquiry official. Reported two allegations: trying to kill others in premiere first And carrying weapons, knives to public without permission As well as opposing the bail by the accused to accept the incident due to anger In addition, the inquiry official brought to the urine examination and found a substance.
Revealing a clip of a minuteBehind the thieves under the middle of RuesoHope to malignant monksAnd the protection set|Bomb clip Thieves under the middle of Rueso Wang Pong Pong Kit Phra Protection Unit at 06.35 hrs. On December 11, 2021, Rueso Police Communication Officer, Narathiwat Province, was informed of the criminals. The security of the monks who are walking alms In the area of Rueso Subdistrict Municipality, Village No. 2, Rueso Subdistrict, Rueso District, Narathiwat Province, after the officers blocked the area. With an explosive recovery set Narathiwat Province And prove the evidence of Narathiwat Province Traveled to inspect while the CCTV images installed nearby Saved that 2 scout volunteers of the 46th Scout Department, ahead of the 46th, walked ahead and after 2 monks from Wat Rat Club. That was alms in the morning In which the two rangers walked ahead and behind each side of the road The explosion occurred during 06.26 hrs. - 06.27 hrs. After the monks and protection sets passed only 37 seconds, it exploded violently. In which no one was injured in any way
Urgent notification!The inmates of Nakhon Pathom were detained, 2 more and 7 people escaped.|The inmates fled from Nakhon Pathom temporary prison. Detained 2 remaining 7 police hunting at 02.34 hrs. 11 December 2021, Radio Center 191, Nakhon Pathom Province Was informed of the inmates, escaped from the temporary prison (Sor. 11), Thung Noi Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Pathom Province, a total of 9 people. There are new inmates being separated according to the prevention measures-19. Using a saw blade to cut the steel ball, the bars of the cell, 1/5 houses, fled after the incident, can follow up to 2 people, namely Mr. Ekarat, 18 years old, and the 24 -year -old Mr. search Consisting of 1. Mr. Watchara Namola, aged 28, an offense of physical assault 2. Mr. Wirachet Thep Chu, 28 years old, burglary. 3. Mr. Paitoon has a canal, aged 36 years, offense of Drug Act 4. Mr. Bamrungwong Sawang, 43 years old The Drug Act 5. Mr. Patcharawut Munthongsong, 38 years old, offense of the Drug Act 6. Mr. Chamroon Khlaiwuban, 33 years old Drugs Co., Ltd. 7. Mr. Panit Bua Son, 35 years old, offense of the Drug Act
Open the history of the Pratunam's hand in the Pratunam area.|The police have not believed to believe the criminals in the Pratunam area alone. And expanding the gambling results in Bangkok And other provinces claiming to bring money to gamble, Police Lieutenant General Jirasan Kaewsang -ek, spokesman for the Metropolitan Police Headquarters Revealed the case of the arrest of the criminal who caused the victim to get 9,000 baht in Pratunam area that From the investigation, Miss Nipa, 58, the accused in the said case In which the investigation department went to arrest the shed, selling no number Along the Highway 331, Nong Kham Subdistrict, Si Racha District, Chon Buri Province Confessed that the actual cause Because he wants to spend and gamble from checking the history. Having committed 9 times, divided into Phayathai Police Station 6 times, Hua Mak Police Station 1, Nang Ling Police Station 1 and the Empire Police Station 1. Imprisonment 3 times. As for the participants of the movement The accused Do not let other people But the investigation department is not convinced to accelerate the expansion and inspect the casino that the accused claims to be true as the information or not. While today is aware that the investigating officer will detain the accused to submit to the Dusit District Court in the burglary. No movement has been found. Which is expected to be because it just opened the country And the impact of the Occupational-19 situation, causing not to cause the incident in Thailand However, ordered each area of the prevention and suppression meeting. To monitor news information And organized police officers both inside and outside the uniform Go to monitor at various points, especially the places where many people go to spend In order to prevent the criminals from taking action easily
The young man rehearsed the roadside.Finally, each movieBowing down his wife-singing the heart to order|The young man stomping to the ground on the roadside, not caring for the villagers' eyes. Finally, each movie Bowing and bowing to his wife Reconcile requesting a Facebook user named "TU CK" posted a video clip that was shocked by the people who use the car on Chotana Road, Chang Phueak Subdistrict, Mueang Chiang Mai District. It was an event that another man attacked the woman on the side of Chotana Road. In front of a gold shop Opposite the Chiang Mai Rajabhat University, both slapped and kicked until the woman went down to lie on the floor without fighting. Without paying attention to the eyes of the villagers Before the said man walked out Shortly thereafter, the woman who was attacked, consciousness walked away in another way. This happened on the afternoon of 9 December, the latest today (11 Dec). Reporters reported that from the inquiry, Ms Jutharat, 21 years old, the owner of the clip said that during that time he was riding a motorcycle. With friends By riding the car out of the alley beside the gold shop Noticed the man in the clip, walked towards the woman sitting on the side of the road that was in a distraction and attacked a woman. Both punching and kicking, which he and his friends were shocked and quickly picked up the mobile phone to shoot the clip as evidence As well as having a friend call the police to come to help But when he turned to look again, he found that the man who caused the incident had walked away. As for the attacked woman, he walked into Soi Talad Siriwattana, Ms Jutarat said that the clip was posted because he wanted the police to check because it was a violent circumstance. Pity the injured woman. Would like to prosecute the person who caused the crime This event will see that women are doing one side without fighting. And at that time there were no people to help dissuade because of fear of being attacked as a man resembled a drunken person after the clip was shared in social media. Maj. Gen. Thawatchai Pongwiwatnachai Chiang Mai Provincial Police Commander ordered Col. Kittiphong Petch Mayunee, director of the Chang Phueak Provincial Police Station. The owner of the incident followed the arrest of the man who caused the crime to prosecute. Because it is the latest circumstances in public This afternoon (11 December), the investigation team of Chang Phueak Police Station followed by the arrest of Mr. Sumeth, 30 years old. Found with Miss Ann (a hypothetical name), 38 years old Brought to investigate at the police station. Mr Sumeth said that she and Miss Ann lived as a husband and wife. Accepting the confession on the said day that he was acting on Miss Ann The reason is because of being caught. Miss Ann was secretly related to another man. Causing jealousy To attack his wife as seen in the clip But confirmed that he was doing because of love The incident accepted wrong. After this, I will not do this. After completing the testimony Officials have brought Mr. Sumet to compare 500 baht on charges of using the power to harm others, not to the danger of the body, which is the second rhythm of the husband and wife to face each other. Mr Sumeth reached out to hold hands with his wife, hoping to ask for tonight. But it was not effective Therefore raised his hand and apologized While trying to bow down to pay respect But the officers have prohibited While Miss Anthop had a fed up when he was ignored by his wife. Mr Sumeth then used the final settler by singing "Jai to order" of Sek Loso, a famous singer. Hoping to be a weak wife But in the end, the effort was not effective. Miss Ann made a decisive decision. After this, who goes on? As for the case, even though he was attacked until the face was swollen But will not ask May everything end here. Maj. Gen. Thawatchai Pongwiwatnachai Chiang Mai Provincial Police Commander Thank you to the good citizens who filmed the clip as evidence and immediately reported to the police. The case of the police of Chang Phueak Police Station quickly accelerated the arrest of the offender, confirming that Chiang Mai is safe and is a smart city smart city with a CCTV network covering the city, causing the arrest of people. Can be quickly And asking for cooperation to help each other to monitor If a violent or illegal event is found, 191 immediately.
Corrections rushed to hunt for another 5 prisoners, jailing, warning people not to hide|Corrections informed the inmates to escape from the temporary prison, Thung Noi, Nakhon Pathom, warning! Supporters-Hidden to be prosecuted. Mr. Narong Chuise, Deputy Director-General of the Department of Corrections, revealed that there are 9 male inmates who have escaped from the temporary prison, Thung Noi Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Pathom Province. Which is a separate place for new inmates from outside According to the prevention and control of the spread of virus-19 virus On Friday night, December 10, 2021, at approximately 01.30 hrs. At this time, 4 people were still able to escape. Still fled 5 more, Mr. Watchara Momnan, Mr. Patcharawut Munthongsong, Mr. Phanit Bua Sorn, Mr. Chamroen. Simongsuban and Mr. Bamrung Wongsawang from basic information inspection The guardian staff assumed that all 9 inmates have used the amulet toilet. And climbed through the Wall of the 11th Army Division, then escaped along the natural path The Nakhon Pathom Central Prison has mobilized the staff of the prison and coordinating the support of the 7 prison officers from the police station in the area and from the external agencies to follow up to arrest more than 184. Mr Narong continued that the officer is currently existing. While accelerating the following 5 inmates to escape By ordering to rush within 48 hours if still unable to arrest Must be responsible for the escape of inmates Along with the establishment of a committee to investigate the facts again And the fleeing inmates will be prosecuted according to the law. As for those involved in escape Or to support escape Or the residence must also be prosecuted according to the law, so if anyone sees it can report clues at the Nakhon Pathom Central Prison Phone number 034-262-076, 034-261-368, and 034-261-261 24 hours a day. By ordering prisons and locations nationwide to check the physical structure of the temporary prison and the resistant building to be stable or not. If not strong enough Consider using a separate room in the prison, which has the structure of the prison room and a tight wall. In order to prevent the cause that may occur again in the future. At the same time, the prison must assign the director or head of the control department to perform regular operations and have a hierarchy report. And have the staff inspect Strict day and night As well as cooperation from external agencies Such as the police in the operation
The police officer is sorry. "The Udom Pol.While performing duties|The Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police would like to express his condolences. Order the supervisor at all levels, best look after the welfare. Pol. Maj. Gen. Yingyot Thep Chamnong, spokesman for the Royal Thai Police Revealed that today the incident occurred. Mr Wichai or K, 26, the criminal had previously committed a case of trying to kill and drugs. Used the firearm to shoot. For this reason, the police officer Cha -am was informed by the victim, who was the fan of Mr Wichai that on the night of 10 December 64, he was Mr. Wichai. Use a firearm to threaten the head to kill Before fleeing and reporting the complaint at Cha -am Police Station, Phetchaburi Province, the police investigated Cha -am police station, so he was inspected and surrounded to arrest Mr Wichai. In the area of Cha -am District, Phetchaburi Province, it appears that Mr Wichai Ran away from the house, Udom, tried to arrest, but Mr Wichai fought against the firearm and pulled the firearm out. But was shot by Mr Wichai at the Udom. After that, Mr. Wichai Will shoot a gun at other police officers who participate in the arrest Police officers therefore need to use firearms to shoot Mr Wichai. To prevent danger to life Causing Mr Wichai Injured and fell Therefore rushed to bring Maj. Udom and Mr. Wichai, the criminal to the hospital immediately, spokesman. Mentioned I would like to express my condolences for the sacrifice of the "suicide" while performing the duties of Maj. Udom and has instructed the supervisor at all levels to take good care of the welfare of the Udom. And also concern about all police officers Please perform duties with carelessness. Comply with the police tactics By considering the safety of oneself and the people of the people
Tire Amp, HarleyCrispy on the bridge over the intersectionThe lady died 1, hurting 3 more.|3 vehicles collided on the bridge over the Yomraj Intersection, 1 dead body, another injured, found 2 challenges before competing. The police officer of Phayathai Police Station was informed of a motorcycle accident, there were many people who lost their lives and injuries. On the bridge over the inbound Yom Rat junction, Thanon Phetchaburi, Ratchathewi, Bangkok, where the incident was on the overpass across the Yom Rat junction. In the middle of the bridge before going down to Phetchaburi Road Found a blue Triumph motorcycle, registration number 195, Bangkok, overturned near each other, found seriously injured as 1 man. The right leg is broken in the middle of the road. Rescuers have made basic assistance before delivering. Phramongkutklao Hospital is about 10 meters away, found a black Kewe Blackster brand motorcycle, registration number 5018, Bangkok fell, with Mr. Natthaphon, 25 years old, was a driver, slightly injured near each other, found 1 female body. Later, Ms. Piyathida (reserved surname), 20 years old, the people of Bueng Kan, wearing a brown shirt, jeans, died, died, blood flowing near the bridge around 100 meters away from the area. Straight down the bridge Found a Harley-Davidson brand motorcycle, registration number 7970, Bangkok overturned, while the driver was seriously injured. Officials have delivered Ramathibodi Hospital. In addition, There are also men who come with Triumph motorcycles. Another serious injury was taken to Vachira Hospital. From the investigation, Mr Natthaphon testified that he was a senior, a Harley-Davidson motorcycle driver, only the nickname Aof, 24 years ago. The incident occurred and drank at Khao San Road. When finished eating, he traveled back to the agricultural area, but while arriving at the Democracy Monument Have a Blue Sai Motorcycle, the machine at Mr. Aof, which in this industry is well known as challenges The juniors who have a girlfriend overlapping, so drive along the car, look like a competition using both speeds. As for his followers, he followed but could not reach the area of the incident, he saw the junior car and the parties collided with the injured. Therefore broke into the edge of the bridge Fortunately, only a little hurt. When looking at the injured, found that Mr Aof and the parties were seriously injured. As for Mr. Aof's girlfriend, he died. Officials will wait for the injured to improve in order to conduct an interrogation. And will check the images from nearby CCTV to find the cause The deceased body was given to the Por Tek Tung Foundation staff at the forensic hospital, Ramathibodi Hospital before the relatives continued to perform religious ceremonies for the overpass crossing the Yomraj intersection. Life often And motorcyclists tend to violate the route, although below there is a motorcycle sign.
The young boy racing, Big Bike falls out of the Bhumibol Bridge, ends the horror while going out to take the cold wind.|Big Bike motorcycle boy Falling out of the Bhumibol Bridge died. While going on a trip with friends, reporters reported that today (12 Dec) at approximately 08.00 hrs. The scene was a curve down the way down to Suksawat Road. Found a 1,000 cc ninja motorcycle, not attached to the license plate. Parking upside down, damaged the whole car. Mr Nantawat, 28, the motorcycle ride, said that he died at the park at the bottom of the Rat Burana police station. With a doctor inspected the scene Before moving the said body to Siriraj Hospital To wait for the relatives to contact the body from the interrogation of a group of friends who ride a 1,000 CC motorcycle to 1,500 cc that followed with the deceased that No one knows the real name and surname of the deceased. Just know that one of the participants went on a trip to other provinces to get cold winds, but on the way, when the motorcycle of the deceased reached the scene of the incident. Has caused the main symptoms and crashed into the edge of the bridge Until the body of the deceased bounced down to the bottom, died Therefore hurry to coordinate various units Come to the scene In the process of inquiring friends Who joined the trip together to inquire about the details of the deceased to contact the relatives to continue to pick up the body
Karma, rocket, robber, riding a car that stolen from the hospital, returned to the doctor at the hospital, was arrested for the whole dress.|Karma, rockets, robbers, riding a motorcycle that stole from the hospital back to the doctor at the hospital, was arrested while healing. Making the whole dress plan (10 Dec 64) The incident occurred at the Crown Prince Hospital. Being stolen Going from the parking space at Ban Dua Subdistrict, Tha Bo District, Nong Khai Province. On the day of the incident, the hospital security officers felt fierce while the criminals were about to push motorcycles. Leaving the hospital Therefore called to park And asked to take the ID card until The car owner realized that the car was lost. Therefore informing the hospital security personnel Coincided with the information that the staff saw Therefore brought the evidence to report at Tha Bo Police Station. When the police investigated the information and followed up, they were shocked because the information pushed to the patient in the hospital at the scene. And that patient Is currently being moved to treat pillows over the nerves At the Udon Thani Hospital, Col. Chamrat Chan Daeng, Director of Tha Bo Police Station, revealed that the accused initially confessed to steal motorcycles. Of real hospital staff To drive home But while sleeping, causing severe back pain Therefore driving a motorcycle that stolen from the Royal Crown Prince Hospital Come to the hospital to maintain the security guards. Before stealing motorcycles at the hospital, steal motorcycles, villagers in the area Sri Chiang Mai District to sell for 800 baht and continue to cause this incident. Within the same day, Tha Bo Police Station therefore coordinated with Sri Chiang Mai Police Station. In order to proceed in the case of the motorcycle stolen case
Confession 1 in the inmates of Nakhon Pathom prisonEscape from friends because of missing a girlfriend|Confession 1 in the inmates of Nakhon Pathom prison Escape from friends because of thinking of the girlfriend now. Catching 4, still fleeing 5 more. After 9, the inmates operate the temporary prison. 11 (Din Building), Thung Noi Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Pathom Province, escaped when At 02.00 hrs. On December 11, 2021, until 17.00 hrs. Officers, Department of Corrections and the police can follow and arrest. 4 inmates have fled. The inmates who have been arrested and confessing, "On December 20, will be sent into the prison. There are prisoners to say that they already have an old case. If going to jail, it would be at least 5-6 years, so I was afraid of being in prison for a long time. The senior prisoners therefore invite prison. Which has been planning for about 2 weeks before acting. "Mr. Paitoon 1 in 4 inmates were arrested in the forest behind the relatives' house. By confessing that he Follow the prison friends. Because I miss my girlfriend The girlfriend didn't write a letter. Therefore worried by Mr. Paitoon dart hugged his girlfriend who was determined to escape, crying, hugging tightly, which Mr. Paitoon's girlfriend tried to comfort and told Mr Paitoon not having to think too much. After that, the authorities arrested. Mr Paitoon continued to receive the penalty now. There are still 5 inmates who are still fleeing, namely B. Bamrung B. Watchara Bor. Bor. Phanit B. Patcharawut and B. Chamrun people know the clues. Please staff in the area or call 191 and 034-395500, Sam Khwai Police Station, Nakhon Pathom Province.
Corrections confirmed "Premchai" according to the standards of 21 days.|Corrections continue to control political leaders. Normal situation Ready to take care of "Premchai" according to medical standards Still in the process of detaining 21 days. Mr. Thawatchai Chaiwat, Deputy Director -General of the Department of Corrections And spokesman for the Department of Corrections mentioned Mr Premchai Karnasuta, who was detained at Thong Pha Phum District Prison Currently, it is in the process of separating new inmates for at least 21 days in accordance with the measures to prevent the spread of virus infection-2019. Of the Department of Corrections strictly under the supervision of Thong Pha Phum District Prison closely according to the basic rights that all inmates should receive Mr Thawatchai Additional the case of political leaders that are controlled at the Central Women Correctional Institution, Benja, general health Able to do personal missions, reading and sleeping. Ms. Panthaya Sitthiwattanakul or Rung is temporarily released, as well as attaching electronic devices (EM) until January 12, 2022 in the leaders. The political prison at the Bangkok Special Prison consists of Mr. Prit Chiwarak or Penguin, Mr. Panupong Jatnok or Mike Rayong, Mr. Samsa Mat, Mr. Chatuphat Bunphat, or Phai Dao Din and Mr. Anon Nampha said All normal body health Normal blood vessels and oxygen in the bloodstream. Still undergoing treatment at the Corrections Hospital In order to continuously monitor diabetes
Set up a police examination committee after the young man reported to the shot.But was chased to find evidence|Director of Muang Samut Prakan Police Station Set up the facts As a result, the Roi Et was chased by a man driving to report, but the inquiry official chased to find the evidence by himself. Col. Termsim Jindawat, Director of Muang Samut Prakan Police Station, explained the case of Mr. Kwanchai, Roi Et Province. Brought a closing camera clip that recorded the incident while he was driven by a man with a Fortuner Using firearms to shoot Until having to drive away and dodge at the house, the incident occurred beside a village in Phraeksa Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan Province Complained to the media after reporting the complaint to the inquiry official Samut Prakan Police Station And the police to find evidence by themselves because no one went to find evidence He was afraid that he would not be fair. Therefore complained to the media That in the incident Must be divided into two parts The first story in the investigation Following up and arresting the criminals who currently have accelerated the investigative officers to investigate and follow the clues. Believe that he will soon get the notification Of the inquiry official There was a committee to investigate the facts. The Deputy Director of the investigation was the chairman of the investigation. The committee will hurry to conclude the truth quickly. No protection Which in this section is in the process of investigating the facts, still cannot be revealed
The police returned from the mob.Meet the gangBefore taking the motorcycle to escape|The teenagers swarming the police. Thungmahamek Police Station Returning from the mob at Ratchaprasong Before winning the motorcycle to escape at around 10:00 pm last night During the police, the police officers under the Thungmahamek Police Station One master who traveled to perform duties in the rally of the people and the coalition at Ratchaprasong Intersection on the evening of 12 December after the rally ended. The police officer rode a motorcycle. Gray NAMAX model, registration 3, crush 4793, Bangkok To return to the accommodation while driving on Phetchaburi Road Thung Phaya Thai Subdistrict, Ratchathewi District, which is a slow traffic There were about 5-6 teenagers coming in to kick the car and then attacked before the bus driver and the buses that saw the incident. After that, a group of teenagers won the motorcycle of the police to escape. The cause is under investigation.
The young man killed his girlfriend after catching a gig.Escape the offense to tie his neck in the hotel.|Young employees of the famous university Tak Pleading his girlfriend, killing his girlfriend after catching a police gig in the footsteps of GPS, found to escape the offense to die in the hotel in Phitsanulok, the reporter reported that yesterday (13 Dec) at 12.00 hrs., Phitsanulok police station. Notified that there was a neck tied in a hotel. In the area of Phra Khao Road, Nai Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Phitsanulok Province, in the ground floor, found the body of the deceased as a man. Later, Mr. Phitsanu, 28 years old, the people of Tak, the employee of a university in Tak province, the body was wearing a blue sport T -shirt. Wearing black pants Use the wire to tie the neck to the TV frame until the tongue is cork. Died in the said room Rescue personnel helped to bring the body out to the outside. No wounds or traces of attack There are all valuable assets. Initially, it was expected to have died at least 8 hours. According to the hotel staff, Mr Pisanu drove a white Honda brand sedan, registration number 1797, Sukhothai, opened the room on yesterday's late. Until the morning, there were about 5 police officers in Tak Provincial Police Investigation set to inform the hotel staff. Said to follow and arrest Mr. Pisanu Because he was a suspect in the murder of Ms. Jirawan, 25 years old, his girlfriend at the house In the area of Ban Nam Joan, Village No. 6, Wang Hin Subdistrict, Mueang District, Tak Province. The incident occurred in the morning of 12 December. After the incident, Mr. Pisanu disappeared with a girlfriend's sedan. Even the police investigation team, Tak Province, led by Capt. Chaiwat Hatsang, Deputy Deputy Police Station, Tak Province, along with the other 4 people followed the GPS signal of the suspect. Until found that the room opened at the hotel in Phitsanulok province, but when he arrived, knocked on the door of the room several times Instead, no one responded. Therefore allowing the hotel staff to use the backup key to open the door But was locked from the inside Then have to climb the bathroom window Therefore found that Mr Pisanu used the wire to tie himself Along with using another wire to tie the bathroom door and room knob so that it is not open. The cause is probably due to jealousy issues Because Mr Pisanu used to catch that his girlfriend shared his heart to have another man May have arguments, arguments, and then strangled his girlfriend's neck to death. With resentment, he fled and tied his neck in the hotel that Phitsanulok Province Police officers will give the rescue to bring the body to the autopsy thoroughly again. Ready to interrogate more witnesses Regarding the cause of the murder of his girlfriend To prosecute according to the law
Sadly, the mother's wrist, a 9 -year -old daughter, hoping to jump, the Buddhist bridge died.|Girl stressful debt The husband was cheated because of other guarantees. Trying to jump with a 9 -year -old daughter. Good luck. Good citizens see each other to help each other to spread. The reporter reported that yesterday (13 Dec) at 13.30 hrs. Mr. Suchart Prasom to the Office of the Provincial Administrative Organization, Khlong San District, President of Krung Thon Buri Code. Krungthan 01 was notified of a woman trying to take her daughter to jump in the Phuttha Yod Fa Bridge, Chulalongkorn the Great. Democrat road heading to the mouth of Khlong Talat Wang Burapha Phirom Subdistrict, Phra Nakhon District, Bangkok, therefore, went to inspect the scene There are dozens of good citizens trying to persuade Mrs. Praew (a hypothetical name), 32 years old, standing crying, hugging each other with Krathong (assumed name), 9 years old, daughter on the bridge. In which the wrist of both people were bound by black tire cables And Mrs. Praew had an attitude to take her daughter to jump off the bridge over the preliminary Chao Phraya River Mr Suchat and good citizens took about 15 minutes, then spread to Mrs. Praew to be aware of the scissors to cut the cable tie. And coordinate the patrol Pak Khlong San Police Station Come to pick up and wait for the relatives to pick up at the police station. From the inquiry, Mr Suchat said that before the incident drove a motorcycle through the bridge When he saw the incident, he rushing the car. Returned to help from talking to Mrs. Praew, got the information that the daughter took her daughter from Samut Sakhon province. Currently, there is a problem of debt. Because the husband missed to sign the guarantee For people to know about home recovery Finally, the debtor escaped the debt. The supporter must be responsible. Resulting in the income of the family very much, so decided to bring the chipmunk to the Phutthayot Bridge Use the cable to hold the wrist. Hoping to jump and die, escape the problem together But ultimately, when a good citizen helped to comfort him, he recovered and abandoned the determination of suicide. And allowed the examination line to wait at the police station To contact the husband and relatives Continue to return to their domicile
A lustful boy dragged a 8 year old girl, doing pornography in the school bathroom.Luckily, the teacher came to help.|A lustful boy dragged a 8 year old girl, indecent in the school bathroom. Luckily, the teacher came to help. Villagers who are noses (14 Dec 64) at 15.00 hrs. At the Pawina Hongsakul Foundation for Children and Women, Ms. Nueng (assumed name), 28 years old, Suphanburi province Has complained to Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Foundation, informed that the 8 -year -old daughter is a 3rd grade student in Muang District, Suphan Buri Province, was 37 -year -old Mr. Ek (named Suppose), who lived beside school Invaded the bathroom in the school during the free When Mr Ek met his daughter, he pushed the child into the bathroom before sexual harassment. Teachers and staff and staff members in the school immediately ran to the bathroom. Before breaking the door to help the child At the same time, there are villagers who know the news and run to see and angry. Mr Ek who acts with the children in the school, so they may be lynched. The incident occurred on the afternoon of 18 Nov 64. Later, the teacher informed the mother and brought her daughter to report immediately. Suphan Buri Police Station In which the police have interrogated the basic and sent a physical examination Requesting the Pawina Foundation Helping to follow the case for the criminal to be punished by law, so that they will not do with other children. In other side, Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Foundation, has coordinated Pol.Lt.Col. Suphan Buri Have the mother take her daughter to meet and make an appointment for a child professional examination to gather evidence to arrest the offender will not be a social danger and harm to the children again and Mrs. Pawena has coordinated Mr. Theerengkhanan, the development consultant. Network systems and participation (Academic Studies) Office of the Basic Education Commission The Ministry of Education by Mr Thee has coordinated Mr. Nunthon Permsapisut. The director of the Special Task, helping the OBEC students assigned Ms. Jirawan Pakkang, Deputy Director of the Special Task, helping the OBEC and Mr. Decha Room, the staff of the Special Protection Center and helping the OBEC. Come to pick up the story from the mother of the child at the Pawina Foundation Which the Pawina Foundation Will monitor the progress of the case And monitor the inspection to solve security problems in the school
2 former nursesInviting each other to runClaiming unemployedMake money to pay off informal debt|2 former nurses Inviting each other to run Claiming to work on a rescuers but unemployed Make money to pay off informal debt Feeling guilty of sending the parcel to return the injured person at 17.00 hrs. (14 Dec 64) at Rattanathibet Police Station, Nonthaburi Province, Pol. Passakorn Chaichaweewong, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Rattanathibet Police Station, Pol. Somchak Saksakhachon, Police Station, Rattanathibet Police Station, Pol. . With police officers Rattanathibet Police Station Jointly arrest Mr. Athiwat, 26 years old, according to the arrest warrant of the Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 626/2564 dated 11 December 64 and Mr Thanadon, 22 years old, with a stack of clothing, with 3 different clothes. Dress, red helmet, motorcycle Yamaha brand, GRAND FILANO, red-black, registration number 1 kg 8716, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya And 2 mobile phones, accusing that Together to run by using vehicles to commit wrong or taking that property Or to escape the arrest Due to December 3, 2021 at 15.30 hrs. Rattanathibet Police Station Was informed by Mr Wladal, 42 years old, said that the criminal ran around the backpack. In the footpath near the entrance of Soi Nonthaburi 37, Nonthaburi Road, Tha Sai Subdistrict, Mueang Nonthaburi District, Nonthaburi Province, with the injured person laid the backpack, which has 3,500 baht in cash and documents. Placed at the scene After that, there was a criminal in a heavenly man, about 160 cm high. Wearing a half -black helmet, wearing a white short -sleeved short -sleeved shirt, wearing a black slack pants, causing a snatch to take the backpack and run away. Go back to the motorcycle. Yamaha brand, GRAND FILANO, red, unknown registration number In which another criminal parked the motorcycle, waiting on the footpath around the bus stop By the criminal who drives The motorcycle motorcycle is quite fat. Wearing a half -safety helmet, wearing a long -sleeved shirt with a hood Wearing a black slack pants after the Gate Ran, followed but stumbled Causing the two criminals to drive a motorcycle overlapping to escape. CCTV images can record images of the criminals standing at the entrance of Soi Nonthaburi 37, taking a while before slowly walking to cause a backpack under the Bodhi tree. After that he ran back through the alley. With the victims from the inquiry Both suspects Know that both previously Working as a rescuer nursing officer After that, face the problem of orbit. Unemployed and have to borrow money to use Debt The reason for the decision to cause this incident is familiar because the mother sells near the scene and has come to the mother often. On the day of the incident, standing for a long time whether to do or do not do well. But want to find money to pay off the informal debt Get 4,500 baht assets, each and half each After that, the backpack returned to the parcel to the owner with important documents. He wanted to apologize to the victim who had done it because of a short -term mood. After this I will not do it. Initially, the two suspects confessed throughout the allegations. Therefore detained to send the inquiry official for further prosecution
Hurt, almost collapsed, date, young man through the app to find a coupleFinally, snatch the i -sofa.Repeat to pay for food|Hurt, almost collapsed, two young women dating the young man to find a couple Finally, I snatched the iPhone away. Even leaving to pay the food from the case of a Facebook user posting pictures and messages that "Please friends in Nonthaburi. Who is familiar or know the men in the clip in the red band? He borrowed the phone, we called and stolen to Shabushi. Branch in famous malls Ngamwongwan Road area, 5th floor, yesterday, who would meet or notify us? "At 16.00 hrs. (14 Dec 64) at Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, Mr. Pramanan, age 27 Year, Bang Bua Thong Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District Nonthaburi Province Travel to meet Pol.Lt.Col. To interrogate more After reporting the prosecution on December 13, 64, in order to prosecute the accused, who did not know the real name, the real surname, but only the nickname Kim, about 33 years old, 170 cm high, stealing the phone. Mobile phone, iPhone 12 Pro Max while eating together in Shabushi restaurant Inside the famous department store Ngamwongwan area, Bang Khen Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province, with a CCTV recorded as evidence. The CCTV images can record the criminal at 12.23 hrs. On 13 December 64, while Mr. Pranan and Mr. Kim, who made a date for the first time through the mobile phone application Come to sit and eat in Shabushi restaurant In which Mr. Kim wears a mask Sit back and turn your back to the CCTV. During the dining, about 10 more than Natini Kim, made a walk and walked back to sit at the counter as before before borrowing the victim's mobile phone to call. Then disappeared from the shop with a mobile phone by Mr Pranan, 27 years old, the victim said that He met Mr. Kim. The young man who committed this crime through a couple app on 25 November. After that, we continued to talk to each other like young people who love each other. Until yesterday, which was the day of the event They have business, have to contact the work in Ngamwongwan area. Therefore had an appointment to meet with Kim to meet at the said restaurant Until the time of the appointment, Mr. Kim came to make an appointment and came to sit and eat. In the meantime, Kim borrowed a mobile phone from himself, claiming that the battery runs out. And want to call back to his father He then asked Mr. Kim to forget the phone. Mr Kim held the phone and walked back and forth with scooping food to the table to trust him. Until in the second round, Mr Kim was still calling and walking out to scoop the food in the second round. Mr Kim seized the moment he accidentally escaped from the shop with his 12 mobile phone. Value of over 40,000 baht, which he is still in installments and is used as an important device like the 5 factors that need to be used to contact Work in daily life is gone. Causing a lot of trouble to yourself Although he has tried to contact Mr. Kim every way Especially the message in the line that he asked Mr. Kim to return the phone But Mr. Kim read the message but not contacted at all, so he decided to report the legal proceedings and would like to leave to those who like to play apps, find a partner or match that Stop playing or delete these apps. It has no benefit. That has to go to play to cause trouble for your own life Because he, aside from being snatched by the iPhone 12, the promotion is missing, also having to call to pay the food to this criminal as well. Lost the phone and still have to pay the rice for it again Which he is not very ok Initially, the police officers were in the process of coordinating the mall to request to check the CCTV images along the path where the criminals fled after the incident. In order to follow up to prosecute according to the law
Evil in -law raped a 12 -year -old niece in front of the grandmother repeatedly|Evil, raped a 12 -year -old niece in front of Grandma, revealed many times but no one helped. Repeatedly, a dumb woman, a child, was a victim (15 Dec 64) last night, police officers Muang Ang Thong Police Station detained Mr Thanawat, 42 years old, which caused the rape of 12 -year -old niece in front of the grandmother at the house of the house, Village No. 4, Ban It, Muang District, Ang Thong Province and tried to hold a 1 year old child. Escape, but the police were able to detain before investigating at Muang Ang Thong Police Station, the latest reporter traveled to the house again, met with Mrs. Nittaya, 34, who was the wife of the crime. In which Mrs. Nittaya told that His sister returned from the outside of the house and saw his husband doing pornography of the older sister. Therefore coordinated the police officers to inspect While waiting for the police to arrive, Mr Thanawat tried to carry his own child. But the police followed to arrest him, while the 73 -year -old grandmother Lychee told Mr Thanawat Which is his own grandchildren Last night, Mr Thanawat caused the rape of a 12 -year -old girl on the bed. As well as holding a knife for more than 1 meter long, threatening to not be busy In the past, Mr Thanawat has caused many times for years. The girl B (assumed name), 12 years old, said that Mr Thanawat raped himself for a long time. Which he did not dare to tell anyone because Mr Thanawat threatened to kill the whole family Sometimes it hurts yourself if you won't. In the past, people saw, but no one dared to help because he was afraid that he would be attacked, but after talking to the relatives of Nong B, the reporter was shocked when Nong B. Who is a dumb woman, trying to tell the reporter that she is a victim of Mr Thanawat As well as acting while being raped By being done with Nong B. Initially, the police prepared to investigate further to prosecute Mr Thanawat again. Private of Mr Thanawat Police officers detained for investigation and prepared to report charges of rape, children under the age of 15, as well as preparing to investigate to fill in order to prosecute Mr Tharawat. As for the girl, B and aunt who are disabled as dumb The police will send a physical examination for evidence in the case and prepare to be imprisoned to the Ang Thong Provincial Court.
Uncle -in -law confessedRape the 12 -year -old grandchildren, claiming to punish the grandchildren who do not work and then emotions.|In the case of last night, police officers Muang Ang Thong Police Station detained Mr. Thanawat Saengman, 42 years old, which caused the rape of 12 -year -old niece in front of Grandma and Nong. In the area of the rental house in Ban It, Muang District, Ang Thong Province and tried to hold 1 year old, but the police were able to detain. Before being investigated at Muang Ang Thong Police Station, the latest reporter traveled to the house again, met with Mrs. Nittaya, 34, who was the wife of the crime. In which Mrs. Nittaya told that His sister returned from doing business. And saw his husband, abundance, niece Therefore hurried to notify the police While waiting for the police to arrive Mr Thanawat tried to hold his own up. But the police followed to arrest and prosecute After the multidisciplinary incident and police officers interrogated a 12 -year -old girl and relatives, including the examination of Mr Thanawat after the police. Muang Thong Police Station, Mr. Thanawat Throughout the day until finally agreed to open his mouth to confess But said that he had just violated his niece only once Because he punished that his niece refused to work But the hand touched the genitals until the mood Therefore acted to do the younger brother But not yet orgasm My aunt came back to see first. Which the police therefore interrogated as evidence before Police Colonel Natthaphong Sripenprapa, Ph.D., Muang Ang Thong Police Station revealed that In this case, the police are not worried. Because the forensic evidence is sufficient to prosecute the accused The more the accused confessed, the more can be prosecuted immediately. But the police still do not believe that only one time preparation As for the confession plan, now the evidence is sufficient, therefore does not take the accused to make a plan because it is afraid that it will be dangerous.
Illegal minuteTechnical students raised the rocks to landslide at home.Shout and curse|Needy minute Technical students raised the rocks to landslide at home. The neighbor secretly filmed a thrilling clip. Both the house and the car were damaged (15 Dec 2013) at 22.00 hrs. While Capt. Komkrit Thong -Urai, Deputy Inspector of Bang Pu Police Station, Samut Prakan is acting on the theater. A 53 -year -old Mr. Cher has brought a clip taken with a mobile phone with 5 teenagers, technical students, attacking their houses in the village of Pruksa 15, Phraeksa Mai Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan By shouting, insulting and challenging people in the house and using the color The red color sprayed the text. The word Toon R-W-Yu before all using a large rock in the house until the gate was damaged. Including a sedan parked in the house The incident occurred at approximately 21.30 hrs. Mr Chaow said that before the incident, he was sleeping in the TV in the house. As for his 17 -year -old son, who was studying at Samut Prakan Technical College Went to a friend's house While he was lying, he heard the voice of the teenagers who rode 5 motorcycles together, wearing 3 full helmets. They and the positions come out to meet the sparrow. Before lifting the trash in front of the house, throwing down on the ground and shouting in vulgar words He only watched in the house and didn't dare to come out and saw one of them brought the color of the spay. Red, sprayed on the road in front of the house Before all helping each other to use the stone to throw into their house until the belongings were damaged, including the gate of the house and the sedan parked in the fence in front of the house. And there is also a sedan next to the house. After the incident, all the teenagers were separated. And believe that all teenagers should hurt their son In which all teenagers behavior is causing The neighbors can use mobile phones to shoot clips. Therefore brought as evidence to report the prosecution of all teenagers who caused the incident
Corrections fired 4 prison supervisorsCall for benefitsTogether to hurt the inmates|Corrections fired 4 prison supervisors Call for benefits Jointly attacked the inmates. In the case of the Nakhon Pathom prison, 9 prisoners escaped (16 Dec 64) at the meeting of the Department of General Corrections. With a resolution of the 4 prison guards after finding the benefits And attacked the inmates in 2 cases. Mr. Sinthaphan, Director -General of the Department of Corrections Revealing the results of the 2nd General Committee on the Department of Corrections for the year 2022 to consider the punishment of civil servants who violate the discipline. There is a disadvantage. Causing the people to not believe in the operation of the correctional officials that The meeting resolved to dismiss all 4 prison officials from the offense in 2 cases. The first is the benefit of inmates and relatives. In which this officer was assigned to perform the duties of punishment But relying on the position in front of the benefit of inmates and relatives In facilitating the inmates In the case of the meeting, the resolution of the officials at the same time, 3 people from the circumstances together to attack the inmates. As a result, the inmates were seriously injured and died for both cases, not yet a conclusion of the punishment of the Nakhon Pathom Central Prison officials. Related to helping 9 prisoners to escape from the temporary prison. Since the said matter is still in the process of investigating the facts of the committee But please confirm that in all cases If found, there are any officials who have circumstances. Or accused of serious disciplinary violations The Department of Corrections will consider the relevant parties to leave the government first. If found that the facts are as alleged Will continue to consider the harm
Bodybuilding athleteSedan on the Taksin BridgeMeet the parties using the steel bar hit the bone crack.|Sedan on the Taksin Bridge Bodybuilding athlete Meet the hot head parties Use the steel bar to hit the bone. Although the beginning of the year is about to compete (16 Dec 64), Channel 3 reported that Mr. Surayan Pan Day, 34, a bodybuilder and girlfriend, sent pictures from the front camera. Come to the news team Due to fear of not being fair After 07.20 hrs. There was an accident on the Saphan Taksin-exit of Khlong Ton Sai, Khlong San District, Bangkok. The parties were known by the name of Mr. Adisak from the sedan with a cursing argument with Khun Suran Choi who walked into the parties. Since not starting to negotiate, then Mr Adisak took out the iron bar from the back of the car. Then start to push the chest Strangling Mr. Suraya Chinn vigorously Suddenly, Mr Adisak brought the iron stick held in his hand. Fixed into the left arm Of Khun Surat, full of force many times Until Mr. Suran Choi Have to retreat to their own car And there are good citizens in the clip Riding a motorcycle past Came to help dissuade When Mr. Surayan started calling the police And called the insurance officer to the scene of the incident, Mr Adisak Arom was not calm Looking at Khun Surasan's face, blocking his eyes while pointing out. Then walk around My sedan Before driving away, the news team contacted Mr. Surayan Pantha Day, the injured and Ms. Lada Techapathomthong, the girlfriend said that while Suraj Driving to work Before the argument and the iron bar or Mr Adisak Hit the left arm until the bone cracks before driving to the hospital itself. At that time, he drove to the right lane and a black sedan that drove to cut the face. Which also comes to the right lane side After that, Khun Surayan admitted that he drove to cut the front of Mr. Adisak. Began to drive a chase And Mr Adisak Had drove into his own car, hit about 3-4 times Until Mr. Surayan car collided with the edge of the Taksin bridge Until the car cannot continue to drive Then Mr Adisak's car drove in front of Mr Surayan's car. Then asked Mr Adisak if Why do you have to hit my car? Then began to argue. Before being hit by Mr Adisak's iron stick in his arms until the bones broke Then Mr Adisak drove away. Without waiting for negotiations with the police Insurance officer According to the event that appears in the said picture Also said that During that time he called the ambulance. But can't wait Therefore drove to the hospital himself The incident at that time, in truth, Mr. Didn't want to have a story with Mr Adisak And try to call the police The insurer to clear it to the end of the incident. But on the side of Mr Adisak Seems to not listen Then argued first But Mr Adisak drove away first. At first, Mr Adisak Tried to push the chest But saw that Naphasuan Don't wait So open the back of the car Then took out the iron bar to attack Seems to hit the head But Khun Surayan took his arm to support Until his arms were seriously injured, the bone was broken until he had to sleep at the hospital. As for the damage of the sedan, Mr. Surayan has scratches, muds, ravors, and the Max wheels have all the scratches. And the girlfriend brought the evidence to report to the police at the police station to find the parties Police officers have informed Mr Adisak to acknowledge the allegations. Who are practicing to compete at the beginning of next year
The staff confessed to the elevator. The 5 -year -old boy died, claiming the child extending his head.|In the case of an accident, the lift lift inside a sewing shop Over the head of a 5 -year -old boy until died in the area Samut Prakan Police Station On yesterday, December 15, 2021, after the incident, the police brought Mr. Sat, 41 years old. Who took the elevator with the 5 -year -old boy who died to do stressful exams at the police station for many hours Most recently, opened the mouth to confess that Was the person who pulled the elevator up by himself, not looking at the head of the head to emerge outside the elevator, while the elevator was moving from the 3rd floor to the 4th floor until the head of the ball went in against the elevator and the beam On the shock, then quickly released the elevator down before pulling the ball into the elevator. So hurriedly shouted to ask for help from the event to help carry the Ball's body down below The staff therefore got Report the allegations that Acting negligently caused others to die. The progress today (16 Dec 64). Reporters traveled to meet Col. Termsim Jindawat, Director. Muang Samut Prakan To inquire about the progress of the case Revealed that From the investigation, it was known that the scene was a 4 -story commercial building, a mezzanine and the top of the sky. With the incident, the worker was carrying the elevator to collect above Which previously went up one round During the incident, the second round, which Nong Ball was the son of the shop's staff, with the mechanism of the elevator being controlled up and down with a manual system. By using 2 ropes as a switch to the elevator up and down by pulling the rope By using 2 ropes as a forced The first line is to force the elevator to rise as you want. If you want to stop the elevator, just release your hand from the rope. The other rope is forcing the elevator down. By pulling the rope If you want to stop anywhere, release your hand during the incident Mr. Sat. Who was a worker on the elevator with Nong Ball In order to bring the paper crate up to collect on the 4th floor while the elevator moved through the third floor, using 4, which at that time Nong Ball Lying on the elevator floor Therefore not interested While the elevator moved almost to the 4th floor, the lift was stuck. Found that the head of the ball Going in between the elevator and the upper beam of the 4th floor, so quickly retreated behind the elevator and helped bring the body of the ball. Came out but found that With fear of guilt, he claimed that Nong Ball Was the one who pulled the rope to control the elevator himself after reporting the allegations The owner of the said sewing shop Brought the amount of 200,000 baht to ask for bail As for the labor and the elevator, it is under investigation. Whether the installation of the lift is standard or not If not standardized, the owner of the shop will be invited to investigate and proceed with the legal proceedings.
The young man was furious and furious.Kicking the ears, sleeping in the last 3 days.|The young man was angry with his kith and kin. Finally, died (17 Dec 64), Capt. Phanat Groad Prakhon, Deputy Inspector (Investigation), Chaloem Phrakiat Police Station. Chalermprakiet District, Buriram Province with investigation kit Chaloem Phrakiat Police Station Bringing to arrest Mr. Kittisak or Mac, 29 years old, after the middle of the night of 12 December, attacked Mr Natthaphon or Long, 27 years old with a kick. And sleep at home Before the trauma was aggravated Was carried to Chaloem Phrakiat Hospital on December 15 and was sent to the hospital at Buriram Center And died on December 16, by Mr Mac Confessed that Was a real kick and told that the night of the incident, he sat and drank white liquor With many relatives One of them is Mr. Long. The deceased sat together. Later, Mr Long, who was a cousin. Having a severe drunkenness and quarreling like every time He then chased home. Mr Long went back. Then come back with a knife weapon Therefore inspires anger Go in and hug and swing Then Mr Long fell while he was looking up. Therefore kicking on the ear Before the relatives took him to sleep at the adjacent house, Mr Mac said that after the incident, he didn't see Mr Long out of his house, thinking that he would be hangover. Or there may be injuries and then sleep for 3-4 days. He and his relatives took him to the said hospital. As for his shin, who tattooed his talisman because he likes and is a shin that is lost. On the night of the Nai Ae (a fictional name), 16 years old, the younger brother of the deceased, said that after the brother was kicked I slept in the house. Saw a swollen face When asked his brother, "Toothache" just came to know later that they were kicked by relatives. And just came to know that the brother didn't tell anyone because he was afraid that Mr Mac Relatives will be prosecuted, while Mrs. Samran came to Prachuap, 60 years old, the mother who committed the crime. Told that the cause of Mr Long's death Personally, I still don't believe it is because of being kicked. Because many days have passed Together with Mr. Long Often fell on the bathroom on a regular basis because of drunk for Mr Mac Initially, the police charged to attack others to death.
urgent!The prison prisoner of Krabi is up to the riot again.Burned the house-heard the gunshot|urgent! Another fire occurred in the Krabi prison. Found a fire burning There was a loud gunshot today (17 Dec) at around 6:00 pm. The reporter reported that Just a moment ago The fire occurred in the Krabi prison again. Which this time the fire had burned violently Until it can be seen from the outside of the prison clearly, which is known as a sleeping house The firefighters and police officers, including dozens of prison officials, went inside. And the sound of gunshots became louder as well Currently in the process of controlling the situation. And the fire still burned heavily while outside EOD staff And the special operations have prepared with a complete weapon to prepare inside as well.
35 baht money is the reason why the brother grabbed a knife, cutting the heart of his brother's heart.|Brothers and sisters quarreled in 35 baht before the brother grabbed a knife, cutting the heart of his brother's heart. I have done this for many times. Reporters reported that today (17 Dec) at approximately 14.45 hrs. Police Station Inthaburi was informed by a good citizen that there was a stabbed with a knife. 1 person died in front of the house, Village No. 5, Prasuk Subdistrict, In Buri District, Sing Buri Province. At the accident, the dead were found. Mr. Somyot, 52 years old, the owner of the house With sharp wounds on the left frame Died in front of the house from the inquiry of Somchit, 59, the older sister of the deceased, said that the culprit is Mr. Prasit, 62 years, who is the true brother of Mr. Somyot, who died and is his brother. too Which is caused by Mr. Prasit The older brother gave 100 baht to the deceased to buy 65 baht, but the deceased did not change the money to Mr. Prasit. Therefore requesting the said amount Therefore, the quarrel was used. Mr. Prasit then uses a long sword to sword the deceased 1 time into the left milk railing. Falling down at the scene of his own house, which Mr. Prasit sitting in his neck In which other brothers and sisters, when he heard the news, he traveled and was shocked by this kind of event And complained that Mr. Prasit said that it was not correct, it shouldn't even kill each other. Later, the police arrested Mr Prasit, who confessed that he was a person who used a knife to pierce his brother. The police then detained Mr. Prasit. With a knife weapon used to cause the incident To prosecute
Collected 31 am. The head of the riot burned the Krabi prison.|Collected 31 am. The head of the riot burned the Krabi prison. Accelerated more than 2 thousand inmates, reporters reported the progress in the event of a fire at a sleeping house in Krabi province in the evening yesterday (17 Dec 64), after approximately 1 hour passed. Can control the situation Which found that the whole house was sleeping After the incident, the police collaborated with the Special Operations of the Department of Corrections. Went to clear the area At the said point before it was reported that Detained more than 30 prisoners to join the fire while on the outside At the time of the fire, the officers had already organized hundreds of people. Which is to control all the prisoners It was reported that approximately 500 cables were used to predict the feet and prisoners. Preventing the incident later at 19.30 hrs. The Director -General of the Department of Corrections Came to give an interview to the media, stating that the incident occurred Which is an old sleeping house Which expected that the leader planned to escape until causing damage to the whole Which the officials have arrested 31 people. The damage tomorrow, the inquiry official will go to the area to look in the prison. All leaders Detained out to The police station in the area is completed. As for the remaining 1,700 prisoners, they would move to the side prison to clear the entire area, and the inmates found that about 20 percent of the cows from all inmates. Injured from the barbed wire fence beside the wall where the inmates approached or tried to escape. As for the sick inmates, it is separated according to the symptoms. As for all 31 inmates, the nozzle The Director -General of the Department of Corrections stated that After the prosecution of the inquiry official will detain the prison. Or another high stability prison, all 31 people found that most of them are prisoners in drug cases and highly penalties. All the prisoners will have to move out. As for the prison, the relatives will know where the inmates were taken. So that you don't have to worry about the latest (18 Dec 64). Reporters reported that In front of Krabi Prison today, the security officer, including military, police, administrative department, including correctional officials And the public health officials Continuously circulating inside the prison To screen for 620 prisoners and inmates From a total of 2 thousand people To move out to other prisons After the riots burned the building, which today The Department of Corrections Gave the Prison in Songkhla Province Bring 620 prisoners to move prisoners. To Songkhla prison By using 14 cars Which is on the journey. Krabi province is expected to arrive at noon. As for 31 prisoners Which was identified as a leader in the incident At this time, all the body was brought to the Prison. Khao Bin, Ratchaburi, since last night. And there are 7 other prisoners A total of 38 people Traveled to jail at the prison. After knowing the incident this time, after all prisoners were moved The staff will continue to explore the damage of the prison.
Resentful, accumulated, scolded, the security guard 50, shot the ex -wife, 22, extinguished the car park.|Security, famous factory in Lop Buri province, aged 50 years, resentful, accumulated, cursed, using the .38 guns, shooting ex -wife, 22 years old, extinguished Kalan, Parking, Police Lieutenant Colonel Sarawut Mahachai, Investigation Officer, Phatthana Nikhom Police Station, Lop Buri Province Was informed of a shot to death At the 4th motorcycle parking lot, a private company Salika Subdistrict Phatthana Nikhom Police Station found the dead body of a woman lying on his back, which is a security guard in the said factory. Know the name of the deceased Is Miss Chalita, 22 years old, in Chai Badan District Lop Buri Province The wound was shot by the .38 guns into the body. Security in the factory together And was a former husband of the deceased. The name was Mr. Anusorn, aged 50, after the incident, then used a motorcycle, Honda escaped by wearing a black long -sleeved shirt. Black pants In which the police are currently following up to follow up the criminals to prosecute by the culprit and the deceased who has been husband and wife and lived for many years. Before the latter is separated from very different ages And the man started to not have money for his wife Until having arguments and the man is often abused by the woman, causing resentment Before coming to the incident this time
Last messageSecurity, shooting a former wife. "Why did I know?"|End of love from different ages The big boy fired his ex -wife to extinguish the factory. Before being born Leave the heart to the utmost. This old man who helped take care of it for 2 years (18 Aug 64) at 07.00 hrs. Police Lieutenant Colonel Sarawut Mahachai, investigative officer of Phatthana Nikhom Police Station, Lop Buri Province. Was informed of a shot to death At the 4th motorbike parking lot, a company, Village No. 13, Salika Sub -district, Phatthana Nikhom Police Station, therefore reported to the supervisor according to the hierarchy. And entered the area to inspect the scene Found in the parking lot of the company At the scene of the incident, the dead body was found as a woman lying on his back. Wearing a long -sleeved blue shirt Wear a black vest, long pants, which are security guards in the said factory. Knowing the name of the deceased, Miss Chalita, 22 years old, wound was shot with a .38 gun, entered the body several shots. Security in the factory together And was a former husband of the deceased. The name was Mr. Anusorn, aged 50, after the incident, then used a motorcycle. Honda escaped by wearing a black long -sleeved shirt. Black pants The police are in the process of being followed up by the shops that caused the crime to prosecute by the culprit and the deceased who had been husband and wife and lived for many years. Before helping the latter to be separated from very different ages And the man started to not have money for his wife Until having arguments and the man is often abused by the woman And often like to call the old man Until causing resentment Before coming to the incident this time Which after the incident sent a LINE message to the mother of the deceased According to this message "I have already managed to shoot Am to bring the body at the 4th. With what I have done for a long time, my mother has never been listening to me. I understand my mother already. I knew since October that he talked to Men, but it does not accept. I curse. I said. I cursed my father. I cursed me. Old. I know. In the beginning, how old I am and then stay with me. Why did you first meet? The address does not have money. There is no job. This old man who helped take care of it for 2 years. Help it to use the debt since being with the old husband. I asked a few people. When I asked my grandmother on Nov 7, 64, Grandma told the truth, so it couldn't accept it. Mom, too, I helped my mother. Do you remember since I was with the amp that La Sal, mother called to borrow money? All the time, I finally give a 10,000 baht. Mother has never returned. I never thought, but when I was difficult. The latest, I called to borrow 1,000 baht. Think of me. This motorcycle is not me that always helped when dating new hair. I had to borrow his money to use. This is the person that the mother and amp called the old man. "Most recently, at about 10.30 hrs. In the past, there was a report that Mr. Anusorn, who had fled to A hotel Appeared to shoot himself Expected to escape the offense. The body was lying on the bed. Wearing a black jacket, wearing a hat, long pants, wearing sneakers The probation police officer along with a hundred and colony Collecting evidence of the incident, 1 shell shell and 1 .38 Thai firearm was in the room.
The drunken man smashed the bank.Not getting money and being arrestedBecause the blood droplets until the police met|At 04.00 hrs. On December 19, 2021, Col. Viroj Cutso, Ph.D., Bang Phli Police Station, Samut Prakan, has counted a criminal to smash Kasikorn Bank Gate. Thepharak Km. 16, Bang Pla Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province After being notified, therefore, along with the officers of the soil investigation, inspecting the incident Found that the front door of the bank entrance was smashed until it broke And there are many long -lasting blood stains to the front of the ATM cabinet And found the stone that the criminal used to cause the incident in the bank Including the interior of the search of belongings in various tables Until the belongings were scattered but without any lost property The officers then walked to trace the blood to the convenience store that was about 50 meters away from the bank at the scene of the incident and found a criminal sitting in front of the convenience store. The right palm of the palm has a large number of wounds and bleeding. Officials then rushed to the hospital for the doctor to sew the wound. Before the officer detained the said man to investigate at Bang Phli police station, but the officers were still unable to interrogate because the man was in a drunken state. Bang Phli Police Station Revealed after traveling to investigate the incident and interrogated the accused. Initially, knowing that this accused was Mr. Krisda Matkamjorn, 28, a resident of Prakhon Chai District. Buriram Province Which admitted that using a large stone weighing about 1 kilogram, smashing the bank's door to hope to get cash to buy alcohol But was missed by the injured mirror, which was injured, which from the investigation of the incident without any property lost, but the criminal after entering the bank, trying to find a cash on the bank's counter, enough money, then walked out to find the staff. At convenience stores According to the information, the man is a regular customer who comes to buy things in this convenience store on a regular basis. Initially, the accused is still in a drunkenness, still unable to interrogate thoroughly. To be able to investigate But initially, officials reported charges of invading the residence at night and losing property. Before detained for further legal proceedings
Gathering a young man, resenting his friend, did not take him to ordainPlan the key pumpThen steal the car to sell|Gathering a young man, resenting his friend, did not take him to ordain Plan the key pump and then steal the car to dissect spare parts for sale. December 19, 2021 at 10.30 hrs. Col. Pol. Little Director of Min Buri Police Station Along with the investigation of the arrest of Mr. Napamas or Chirp, aged 44, on charges of sharing the burglary and using a vehicle to be convenient to take that property or to escape from the arrest of the Gray Ezuzu pickup truck. Black long -sleeved warm pants T -shirt, blue sports, wearing black slippers Which is a clothing that the accused wears on the day of the incident There is also a 30,000 baht cash due to the evening of 16 December 64, Ms. Natthakarn, 24 years old, informed the investigating officer. Min Buri Police Station Parked the car, Isuzu, the gray model in the parking lot in front of the dormitory until 15.00 hrs. The same day heard the engine sound like his car sound. When going out to see that the criminal drove away Later, the CCTV inspection officer Found that the culprit had driven a truck with a gray Isuzu brand, unknown registration number Leaving the alley where the crime scene found another criminal driver, a red-black PCX motorcycle, unknown registration number Come to park on the wall in front of the dental clinic In Soi Suwinthawong 6, change clothes and sit in the back of the motorcycle. Came to cause the car to drive the victim's car With another criminal driving the motorcycle, bringing out after the inspection found that the truck, a solid cabinet Is the car of Mr. Napamas Which works in the same place And live in the same dormitory The officer invited Mr. Napamas to ask Mr. Napo Pamas to testify that Get to know the injured very well. Previously, there was a violent argument with the victim. With merit Due to not driving to ordain in Kanchanaburi province, causing resentment Later secretly took the car keys of the victim who accidentally put it in the workplace to the key pump After that, together with Mr. Anusorn, 36 years old or Ton, who has a career to buy and sell car parts, drive a motorcycle, Honda. PCX model To cause the incident and leave the car to park at the parking spot of the Siam Park In which Mr. Ton paid the purchase of 40,000 baht and then dissected the car as a spare parts in the black market The proceeds that have been spent 30,000 baht. Instead, inspecting Mr. Napamas has a history of prosecution. Charged with the age of a child not over 15 years of age for indecent, and charged with drug use of the type 1 (amphetamine) illegally, in the area of Prachachuen Police Station, 2011, then sent the Min Buri police officers to prosecute and accelerate the arrest of Mr Ton. Participants Continue to prosecute
Catch!A fake girl is a doctorApply for work at the clinic "Pimry Pie". History is just a high school.|The doctor secretly uses the actual doctor document. Apply for the "Pimry Pie" clinic work. Being arrested after escaping to Chon Buri province is being investigated at the Por Por. Benjawattana Patchara or Pimry Pie, a famous online merchant Reported the prosecution to a young woman Which forged documents to apply for a job as a surgery doctor at the Istep Clinic Clinic, Huai Khwang Branch and came out to live, apologize to all parties, including the award for the fake doctor. The latest progress today (19 December) At the Central Police Headquarters There is a announcement of performance. In the case of arresting the accused as a doctor Smuggling in the Pimry Pie Clinic by arresting Miss Alanta (reserved surname), aged 29 years at a hotel in Pattaya in Chonburi province, according to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court 2129/256, dated December 18, 2021, by accusing that "Fraud by acting as another person, a medical profession without permission , Using words or messages that show others to understand that they are knowledgeable in various medical professions. "Due to December 16 ago Ms. Pimrada Porn or Pimry Pie, a shameful clinic partner, reported to the police, the Crime Suppression Division on the Consumer Protection (PACC) that . Alinda (Surname Surname) uses a professional document of other female doctors. To apply to be a doctor's doctor, causing damage And received the information that the fake doctor is a former cell selling clinic Have behavior like to take pictures in the clinic Pretend to be a doctor Causing the clinic to be very damaged Until damage to others or the people Later, the inquiry official gathered evidence, submitted an arrest warrant to the said criminal court above the police. The Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission has investigated until knowing that Ms. Alinda fled to hide at A hotel in Pattaya, Chon Buri Province. Later, on December 19, at approximately 12.00 hrs. Police officers, Kor Kor. 4, the PACC, therefore arrested the arrest of Ms. Alinda according to the arrest warrant of the said. Delivered to the inquiry official to prosecute by the accused to confess That in the middle of the year 2021, Ms. Alinda got a professional doctor's profession to apply for a part -time doctor at the ISCUT clinic by using a personal document and professional license. Of a female doctor By claiming to be himself Go to work in a famous clinic Get treatment about skin work And skin care, injection, filler, Botox from the question of the accused graduated only in grade 6, applied to work Is a cell at a beauty clinic in Chatuchak area Later, the said clinic expanded the branch. Therefore was appointed as a branch manager and a cell, while working in this clinic Smuggled Botox from the service of customers to try to inject themselves among the staff. Until expertise Until causing the said incident
M.6 girl is a fake doctor. The "Pimry Pie" clinic has bailed 1 hundred thousand.|The fake girl is a "Pimry Pie" clinic. Police accelerate the collection of evidence for further prosecution. Benjawattana Patchara or Pimry Pie, YouTube and the famous online merchant Reported to prosecute a young woman who forged documents to apply for a job Claiming to be a surgeon at the clinic Causing damage to the latest (19 Dec 64). Officials were able to follow up and arrest Ms. Alinda, 29 years old at a hotel in Pattaya in Chonburi province. And use other people's documents to work in the clinic. Graduated only in grade 6, but used to be cells And a branch manager of a beauty clinic in Chatuchak area In the meantime, smuggled Botox from the customer service to try to inject themselves among the staff. Until causing the said incident News reports stated that after the interrogation, Ms. Alinda asked for bail in the amount of 1 hundred thousand baht, which the authorities approved the bail. Because the accused has no behavior to enter the barn Not intimidation of witnesses There is also no behavior to escape, even after going to catch in Chonburi. Due to the investigation, it was found that the lawyer was discussed on the surrender on Monday, December 20, but was arrested while the authorities were in the process of collecting evidence. To condone the charges Bring it to the documents of others. Which is in the process of coordinating the owner of the documents that are used to give evidence to prosecute
"Jazz Chuan Chuen" Boiling "Chang" was edited.Fired if there was energy to doMust have a clear force|"Jazz Chuan Chuen" wielding a wife "clarifying" singing a hand, crushing the hand, editing porn pictures on Twitter-the app "Lawyer Tum" revealed that all the tweets and the reporters reported that Today (20 Dec) at 11.00 hrs. At the Crime Suppression Division on Technology Crimes (Por. Por.) Mr. Phadung Songsang or Jazz Chuan Chuen together with Mrs. Punna Saromyot Or clarifying his wife and Mr. Sitra Phem or a lawyer Tum to meet Police Colonel Siriwat Dee Poom, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Police Station and Capt. Thanan Dr Sa Sungnoen, Deputy Deputy Director (Investigation), Kor. 3, the Police Department, to prosecute after the Twitter users and The application that brought Mrs. Punna Sa To edit into clips in a pornographic manner Until it may damage the reputation. Mrs. Punna Sa, or Jang said that in November, he learned that someone has followed the captures from various videos and zooming to the chest. There are even pictures from the birthday clip. Then published that picture in a bad way for dozens of pictures, causing fear Do not dare to wear a tank top And talked to jazz And pretending to be invisible. Most recently, a fan sent a clip that was edited from the music video of 24 May and then published on Twitter with inappropriate violent words. Therefore have to come out and protect yourself By consulting the lawyer Tum and reported today Because he is a mother, has a daughter. If other people come to do with your family, no one is happy. Confirm that you don't want money But wanted to condemn the law, Mr Phadung or Jazz Chuan Chuen said In truth, there are still many other people in the industry that have been caused by this incident. Actually, I don't want to come because I waste time. And difficult to follow the criminal But this case must have some sample cases We must have enough gangsters. When he has energy to do We must have a clear force. This is too dirty. People have their own mind. I want to talk to him while Mr. Sitra said that before reporting today. Has coordinated the police to check this Twitter user account Therefore brought the evidence as an editing image from the music video to make a bare porn Come to report according to The Computer Act has a 5 -year imprisonment, which the law thinks of karma. If the tweet is considered wrong as well The more you do, the more wrong. Therefore will condone both the owner of Twitter and the person tweet Which has been distributed thousands of people. In addition There are still 5 websites that publish this kind of pornography. As for Twitter accounts, now only 1 account is believed to be the only one who repeatedly made the inquiry officials, and the supervisor considered the next step.
Closed circuit, binding a young man, claiming to be a large police officer, deceived a 17-year-old girl into the curtain-raped wrinkled.|The young man claims to be the son of a large police officer. Deceive the 17 -year -old female student into the curtain to rape Before taking it away in front of the mall and throwing money for 500 baht today (20 Dec), a famous female student in Taling Chan, 17, who was 27 -year -old injured, claimed to be the police child. big Deputy Commander Which is known through the application LINE for about 2 months, temptation, abstaining and raped to the curtain hotel Traveled with parents to testify to the Taling Chan police officers and multidisciplinary officials In order to follow up and arrest the incident by the incident, with CCTV can record images Since the afternoon of 17 December, while the 27 -year -old man who committed the car drove Camry to pick up a girl who was the injured in a school uniform in front of a school. Before driving, bringing a 17 -year -old girl into the curtain hotel Along with molestation And raped without wearing a condom, which during the incident also took a clip After that, I drove the girl to take it to leave in front of a famous mall in Bang Yai area in Nonthaburi province and threatened to not bring this matter to the police. "Do you know who the child is?" Before throwing the money to 500 baht, after the incident, the image of the offender was brought to the victim. Until knowing that Then the culprit is a child of a Deputy Commander of the Metropolitan Police in the Thonburi side And is a grandchild of a deputy commander in the north
The owner of the Herms bag "Tena" must choose!Will pay 2 million or finish at the court|The owner of the brand Herms brand with a lawyer Kerdphol Kaew was born to provide additional information to the police confirming "teen" to pay 2 million as said today (20 Dec), Ms. Jidapa Chee Narak or Chompoo. 24 years old, brand bag owner Herms, along with the lawyer Kerdphol Kaew, traveled to Bang Khun Thian police station. According to the inquiry official, he made an appointment to provide additional information in the case that Ms. Jidapa reported the complaint on 2 charges, namely misappropriation of property and causing the lawyer. And bring more evidence Including a certificate from the luggage inspection institute Which the owner of the institute has previously submitted Along with the Herms bag. In the future, there will be further charges of charges of defamation by advertising. But must consider how many karma is an offense And from the live life that accused the bag as a fake, Jidapa Brand bag owner Herms confirmed that he would not agree and prosecute. If you should not pay 2 million baht as announced Because you think you don't feel aware of doing wrong Repeatedly but not embezzlement Despite the past Behavioral behavior Both refusing to return the bag And use rude words, so want this action to be a lesson That must be responsible for one's own words Personally, I admit that there are some concerns. But let it go according to the legal process As for the change of name Don't feel anything Because it is considered a matter that the person said Confirm that everything is finished at the court process. Even if sorry, do not accept But will only agree when paying 2 million baht in cash. As for the reason to choose to sell with this Because it is the person who gives the best price is 3.95 hundred thousand baht and for brand -name players When he saw people writing on the bag, he felt a heartache until crying, and most importantly, causing the bag to have traces. Causing the price to fall Then Khun Chompoo Therefore went up to provide additional information on the 2nd floor of Bang Khun Thian Police Station Police Colonel Wisit Sangkhanan, Director of Bang Khun Thian Police Station, revealed that the initial investigation officer had interrogated and charged in 2 cases, namely embezzlement and losing property. However, the 1st summons have been issued on December 23, but if the parties have not yet come, then must say that the process is the second issue. Must issue an arrest warrant, which in this case is a personal offense If the victims and the parties are negotiated, they can withdraw the report. As for having to pay 2 million or not, it is a matter of both parties. Agreed in the matter of proof that the bag is real or fake. Police officers have no duty to inspect. Because the charges that the injured party informed is the misappropriation And hurt property Which the evidence according to the clip is quite clear
Depressed, open the x -ray "Nong Fah", a brutal employer victimThe whole body is broken.|Opened the x -ray image "Nong Fah", the victim of the employer was harsh, 15 years, the bone was broken, the whole police arrested another husband. Until the brother couldn't bear to kidnap his brother out Before seeing the shock truth She was hit until the face was deformed. Rotten genitals Besides being ordered to eat shit, such as hell The police arrested Ms. Nipaporn or Jeang and Mr. Sarayut or Chub, the followers of Jek, before being taken to be imprisoned at the latest Singburi Provincial Court (21 Dec 64), Facebook, Kerdphol Kaew Born to bring the image of the x-ray body of Nong Fah That has been attacked for 15 years, found that the bone has a trace of cracking until the whole body is deformed And not treated Until the body had to heal himself by stating the message "This is the image of the x-ray. Some of the body of Fah will find that Nong Fah was hit by Chong Yang, Mr. Napharat, her husband, Chong Kang jointly attacked Nong Fah's body. Until the bones crack But not treated Nong Fah has to suffer. And let the wound disappear Naturally, not being treated And correctly connecting the bones Until the body treats itself And the bones are naturally connected Makes the connection of the bone wrong And the body is deformed Nong Fah was attacked. Until the bones cracked all over the body repeatedly, from head to toe Without being treated correctly, thinking about suffering How much? Yesterday, the police arrested Mr. Nopparat, husband, Crayfish, added 1 person. Now, there are 3 suspects today (21 Dec 64) at 10.30 hrs. I will take Nong Fah. To select commercial registration At In Buri Municipality, which Jae Kang allowed Nong Fah to register in the name of the Font Design Jirawat Lausuwan and asked Nong Fah to open the account. There are 2 revolving funds, a total of 13 million baht and I and Nong Fah. Will bring relevant documents Go to sing the Revenue Department of Sing Buri Province In order to check the financial routes of Chong Kang / husband, Chong Kong, that the Nong Fah account was used to make financial transactions Or doing any other actions In the main tax evasion or other offenses By claiming the name of Nong Fah or not? And if found guilty I will prosecute Crayfish and the laws continue !! "
The young man asked to go to the bathroom.The husband was jealous and thought that it was a wife.Put a knife in the front of the teeth.|Young man bought things for the owner of the shop. Request to go to the bathroom The son -in -law of the grandmother was jealous. Put a knife in the front of the teeth-eyes (21 Dec 64) at 8:00 pm last night Sawang Chanya Tham Rescue Unit Notified that someone was injured at Baan Makha, Village No. 2, Ban Bua Subdistrict, Mueang District, Buriram Province, then led the officers to inspect the scene Is a two -story house raised Under the open house There are 2 adjacent bathrooms. Meet Mr. Chinnakorn, 44 years old, is a road driver for a company. Being sharp and sharp objects on the face. The wound is open for more than 10 cm. Rescue and first aid. Initially, found a cleft nose. The right eye came out. Before rushing to the hospital, asked Mrs. Somporn, 82 years old, the owner of the house, said that the person who caused the incident to use a knife was Mr. Samai or a prominent 38 -year -old, in Ban Nong Sai, Sak Krathong Subdistrict, Muang District, which Is her own son -in -law. Mrs. Somporn also said that she opened the house as a grocery store As for Mr. Chinnakorn Is the driver working for the road contracting company Which came to make a road near the house He will be close to Mr Chinnakorn. Because it is a good person to work here for more than 2 months, but the road has not finished. Mr. Chinnakorn Will come to talk regularly Many times Mr. Chinnakorn Brought people to ask to take a shower at his bathroom and shower until recently, he left Mr. Chinnakorn Buy chili in Khon Kaen Mr Chinnakorn's house, and last night, Mr. Chinnakorn brought the chili and said, "Grandma, I would like to take a shower." He said that he was comfortable. After that, Mr. His own son -in -law came back from work. Come to meet Mr. Chinnakorn out of the room and see his wife cooking near the bathroom, so think that Mr Chinnakorn Is an affair with his wife Therefore use a knife to the teeth at Mr. Chinnakorn Without inquiring Before fleeing, Mrs. Somporn Told the tears that Pity Mr. Chinnakorn Who do not know about Come to hurt himself because he ordered to buy dried chillies If Mr. Chinnakorn What is wrong, he will never forgive the son -in -law. At this point, I want my son -in -law to get out of his house. If the daughter will go with, then go. Because he was hurt instead of Mr Chinnakorn
The 15 -year -old youth smashed the head of a 12 -year -old boy, extinguished the room, carrying a gun to escape to Cha -am Beach.|The 15 -year -old youth smashed the head of a 12 -year -old boy, extinguished the room, carrying a gun to escape to Cha -am Beach. Touring the tourists (21 Dec 64) at 11:30 am, Roi Roi, Cha -Am Police Station, was notified of a 12 -year -old boy being hit by a hammer, died in the room. Within Soi Anan Chai, Cha -am Nuea Beach, Cha -am District, Phetchaburi Province, therefore reported to the supervisor Before traveling to investigate the incident with the investigation kit, the accident was found as a 12 -year -old boy died in the second floor of the house. Which the house is a 3 -story building. The body condition is hammering the head, the back is a messy condition, the name is later known as Master Mem (assumed name), aged 12 years later, the police were notified of the Honda Fano motorcycle riding a motorcycle. Escape along the beach road in front of Methawalai Hotel. In which more than 10 police officers investigated Cha -am Police Station to arrest the criminals Which found that the criminal had left the car on the side of the Rujira Wong patrol cabinet Before walking on the beach and carrying 1 firearm, while the officers acted to arrest the criminals, using firearms to look under the chin and threatened to prevent the police from approaching. The police then besieged the area and followed the criminals before the criminals who walked along the beach into the restaurant and threatened firearms in the shop, with foreign tourists. By intimidating to leave the shop After that, the criminal walked out along the beach road before entering the corner of the alley, Fura Ma Hotel before being arrested by the officers and led him to investigate at Cha -am police station Officials know the name of the culprit, Mr. A (assumed name), aged 15 years, a Phetchaburi province. Which is a grade 3 student at a secondary school The police seized 1 blue backpack. Inside, there was 1 fake firearm and the hammer used to cause 1 handle. Preliminary unknown reasons. And the investigative officer of Cha -am police station
Open the warp "Chompoo Jidapa", the owner of the Herms bag.|From the case of the brand name, Herms brand The story begins with the transgender vendor using a pen, the brand name of the customer that sells. Because he understood that it was fake There is also a social announcement that if this bag is genuine, will pay 2 million and will stop being bisexual. Ready to change the name to "Soraphong". Finally, when examined, found that the bag was true. Later, the parties were both "Chompoo", the owner of the bag and "Tena", the owner of the brand -name bag. Opened up on the Decin Dec, making this issue even more interested in society and social. Even if sorry, do not accept But will only agree when paying 2 million baht for Chompoo Or Ms. Jidapa Chee Narak, 24, the owner of the legendary Herms brand bag, she is a young businessman in Chiang Mai. Doing a business about clothing stores in the name of Jidapa Group Company Limited, which has been registered in the business of 3 million baht and has been opening a business for many years, which has been interviewed that they have liked the brand names for a long time. In the past, buy and sell dozens of tickets. All bags are genuine and in the past, there has never been any problems. The story that has caused himself to be heavily affected. Because in the beginning, being cursed by the neat people Concentrated as a criminals deceived selling fake bags Causing sadness to the point of crying The shopkeeper is responsible because the bag is defects and depreciated. While the shop owner's live, the owner of the business has been damaged. Ready to take the matter to the end because it has been damaged.
4 cruel father and sonKill watermelon merchantsCarrying the body, throwing the riverClaiming for a long time|Gather 4, the cruel father Kill watermelon merchants Carrying the body, throwing away the Chao Phraya River Claimed as a long -lasting drunken wood, reporters reported that from the case that the police officer of Manorom Police Station was informed of the death of the name of Mr. Worachai, 44 years old, Phayuha Khiri District, Nakhon Sawan Province, a watermelon trader Was found in the Chao Phraya River in front of Wat Yai, Tha Serifgal Subdistrict, Manorom District, Chainat Province. The wound was shot in the stomach and back on December 18, 2021, the latest at 22.30 hrs. On 20 December 2021, the investigative team of Chainat Province has expanded the investigation to find relevant parties. Until able to arrest 4 suspects in the Chai Nat area and the area of Nakhon Sawan province with weapons. 38 Thai artificial guns The police then detained Manorom police station. More investigation In order to prosecute the law on charges of murdering others with intent and jointly moved to destroy the body or the body to conceal death or cause of death. Ready to bring to make a confession plan And sent to the court by opposing the bail of Pol. Chatchaphimuk Mukmuk, Deputy Chief of Police, Chainat Province, revealed that at 21.00 hrs. On December 16, 2021, at the front of the house of the victim, Village No. 8, Noen Makok Subdistrict, Pha Yuha Khiri District. Nakhon Sawan, the deceased argued with Mr. Nimitphon, 25 years old. After that, Miss Saraporn, 24 years old, calling Mr. Boonlue, 59, the father of Mr. Nimit Phon, during that time, Mr. Nimit Phon, used 2 shots. As for Mr Boonlue, he used to shake about 24 inches long, hit the head 2-3 times until he died. After that, he called Mr. Samrueng, 66, as the father of Miss Saraporn, to bring the Mitsubishi Triton pickup truck, registration number 3233. Village No. 1, Tha Server Subdistrict, Manorom District, Chainat Province, about 20 kilometers away from the scene of the incident until floating sluggish at 09.20 hrs. On December 18, 2021, the motorcycle of the motorcycle dead Parked on the road, Phayuha Khiri - Uthai Thani Province, which was a different route and found the body of the accused confessed that the surrender of this incident came from the deceased and the accused. Has been a wooden boredom for a long time Has been like this for a long time, accumulated continuously, so that he could not bear the incident
Catching the real mother, releasing a new husband, attacking the 8-year-old childNot helping until the child dies|Holding a real mother, releasing a new husband, attacking the 8 -year -old child, holding the nipple until unconscious, filling the mouth, encountering a heavy charge "killing others" Central Police Headquarters The arresting officers led by Pol. Col. Saran Sripak, Police Department 4, Police Colonel, Pol. (Reserved surname), 33 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant of the Saraburi Provincial Court at 218/2564 dated December 17, 2021, on charges of "killing others", arrested at Phahonyothin Road, Lat Yao Subdistrict, Chatuchak District, Bangkok. October 20, 2021, at Mr. Wirat, a 37 -year -old stepfather, caused a 8 -year -old dartr, by arresting the stepson Fixed by a wire After that, the urine of the stepson fills the stepson. And kicking repeatedly until death. Later, on October 21, 2021, the police arrested Mr Wirat. Come to prosecute according to the law And further investigated until knowing that at the time of the incident, Ms. Yuwadee, the mother in the said incident, on December 17, 2021, the inquiry official therefore collected evidence. Requesting the Saraburi Provincial Court issued an arrest warrant for Ms. Yuwadee according to the arrest warrant of the Saraburi Provincial Court at 218/2564 dated December 17, 2021 on charges of "killing others" until December 21, 2021 at 11.00 hrs. Sen. Yuwadee came to work in the area of Lat Yao Subdistrict, Chatuchak District, Bangkok. The police officers arrested and then went to inspect, found Ms. Yuwadee in Phahonyothin Road, Lat Yao Subdistrict, Chatuchak District, Bangkok, the police officers then arrested the accused. And sent to the investigation officer of Nong Khae police station to proceed with the law Inquire about the preliminary accused Refusing throughout the allegations
Surrendered. The big police lady, deceived, raped 17 faces, stressed in a luxury car, avoiding the media.|Surrendered Became the accused, deceived, raped 17 girls, stressed, dodged the luxury car Refusing to give any interviews in the case of a 27 -year -old boy, the son of a senior police officer Under the Metropolitan Police Headquarters Rape with a 17 -year -old youth, the police daughter as well. In this case, the police stated that There is a clear evidence. The cause of the car that appears in the news to pick up the victim at the school and take to the hotel. The incident occurred with a CCTV. Since the afternoon of 17 December, while the 27 -year -old man who committed the car drove Camry to pick up a girl who was the injured in a school uniform in front of a school. Before driving, bringing a 17 -year -old girl into the curtain hotel Along with molestation And raped without wearing a condom, which during the incident also took a clip After that, I drove the girl to take it to leave in front of a famous mall in Bang Yai area in Nonthaburi province and threatened to not bring this matter to the police. "Do you know who you are?" Before throwing money to the latest 500 baht (21 Dec 64), it was reported that the police son Traveled to surrender and acknowledged the allegations to the Taling Chan police officers. Ready to acknowledge the above The inquiry official took about 2 hours to interrogate after the interrogation was completed. The son of the police officer walked down with a serious expression. Before boarding a black BMW car that came to pick up from the police station without interviewing the media in any way
Wife pity the young volunteer to ask to go to the bathroom.Being shocked by a husbandBelieve that the husband drunk before the incident|On December 21, 64, in the case of Mr. Samai or overwhelming Urai Ram, 38 years old, Ban Nong Sai, Saek Krathong Subdistrict, Mueang District, Buriram Province, used to clear the grass to clear the teeth in front of Mr. Chinnakorn Wong Din Dam, 44 years old. Kut Kwang, Nong Ruea District, Khon Kaen Province, after bathing in the bathroom At Ban Nang Somporn Prinram, 82 years old, the owner of the house until the nose was cleared, the eyes were serious due to jealousy. Think Mr. Chinnakorn Is an affair with his own wife The incident occurred at 8:00 pm at the night of 20 December 64, as proposed. The latest progress Reporters asked Ms. Pornpimon Parinram, 49 years old, the wife of the culprit said that He felt pity for the attacker. Because he doesn't know Which is a regular customer of the mother That opened a grocery store in the village And familiar with mother as well To the point that his own mother bought chili The said act of the husband Considered incorrect Expected to be drunk Then attacked Mr Chinnakorn. Today, the relatives of the injured come from Khon Kaen Then reported to the police station in Buriram. Please help keep the symptoms first. Because relatives only have old people Not convenient to come to see Because of the situation Only 1 patient to 1 bed, so he promised to take care of the hospital first because of pity.
Friends revealed that the 15th of the youngsters smashed the head of the 12 children.|Revealed that the 15 youngsters smashed the head of the 12 boy. When he saw a friend being attacked, he struggled from the case of the age of 15, fiercely smashed the head of a 12 -year -old boy, extinguished the room before holding a gun to escape at Cha -am Beach. Causing tourists to panic Before the police can detain According to the news that has been proposed, the latest (22 Dec 64) at Cha -am Police Station, Phetchaburi Province, Pol. Wongsak Rin, the director of Cha -am Police Station, revealed that this case is now set to 2 issues, which are drugs, but still cannot be found. The second issue is a matter of personal mental health. And from the collection of basic information, the accused spoke in the circle but admitted that he was the doer But the first motivation of the question was another question. After asking again, another response Which is not the same at all. Each time, from the personal inspection, there is a favorite movie. Have a history of fighting However, he had to wait for the forensic results. And the younger person, who is the accused and a youth In the investigation process, it is necessary to use a multidisciplinary and psychologist, which will be the case, must wait for the clarity again. In the story that you like to play games that are killed and fiercely, it is still not clear that Is the game directly resulting in imitation behavior? In which the younger has violent behavior to kill the dead without being shy Can be done with calmness Which requires the information of psychologists, which must enter the process of investigating the case of children and youth Now it is in the process of gathering evidence. At the scene of the incident, a mobile camera was set to record clips of action, which was the evidence of all the proof. In addition, a notebook about Hannibal movies and studying Nato Mi The anatomy of muscle movement with the side of Miss Uraiporn, the mother of Mr. A (assumed name) who died, wanted the police to take the matter to the cause of the incident to the end. Ready to cut, how to stay, because normally only with two children, before the incident, in the morning, the culprit rode a motorcycle to send his father at work. Then didn't come back to the room Sitting online with 2 other juniors and the deceased in the normal room. Later acted By arresting the dead and 2 other boys, 3 friends, who tied their hands in the room. Before doing the incident, using a hammer to smash her head, aged 12 years, 1 time until the deceased asked for help to follow the people to help. When both boys Which was tied to the hands, feet, saw, was shocked, so he tried to escape until it came out Ran away down to the bottom of the police to bring the police to bring the culprit to the Phetchaburi Provincial Court. By opposing the bail In which the police reported the charges Kill others intentionally Carry a knife weapon in a public way without permission. Before waiting for the multidisciplinary team to investigate the facts
Open the heart of the vocational certificate.Hold the head of the wall-take a knife to cut the chest.|The 18 -year -old vocational certificate student was bruised by a boyfriend. Just one month, seriously attacked, but after 2 months, the case did not progress from the case of Facebook fan page. Part 2 Post pictures and specify a message from a young woman. Which asks for help Because his friends were imprisoned by his boyfriend and was seriously hurt After escaping, it was reported for 2 months, but the case has not yet been progressed. Reporters reported that yesterday (23 December), the reporter went to meet the victim. The name was Nong Mind, 18 years old and Fuse, 18 years old, a close friend who posted a message online by Nong Mind. The victim who was attacked by a boyfriend was seriously injured. Revealed to reporters that He is a 2nd year student in a famous school in a famous school area in Suan Phak. Focusing on Mr. Bew, 23 years old, the boyfriend was only one month. Because he was a friend with the sister of Mr. Bew, who was a senior, later on October 21 ago. He was attacked by Mr. Bew and was attacked at the house of Mr. Bew, EGAT, Bang Kruai. In this house, Mr. Bew lived with only 2 grandmother. On the night of 21-3 23 October. He was heavily attacked by Mr Bew because he wanted to go home to his parents. But Mr Bee refused to find out that he would escape back to report to the police. Then attacked himself, both beating the head with the wall, which was a gypsum sheet until the side of the lid broke into a hole in the hole. On the night of October 23, he rely on the rhythm of Mr. With Grandma resting Therefore quickly escaped from the said house Before going to ask the villagers around to help After that, he called a close friend, Fuse. Traveled to help and report to the police during the same day. In which he confirmed that he would like to prosecute to the end with Mr Bew, absolutely did not accept the apology while Fuse, a close friend revealed that the night he helped his friends saw the wound. It is almost impossible for friends to be attacked to this extent. When late on the day of the incident, 23 Oct, then took a friend to report to the Bang Kruai Police Investigation officer until the time has passed. 3 months and the case has no progress. Never been contacted by the inquiry official. He wanted the police to help follow up with Mr Bew. Who attacked their friends to prosecute because he had now known Move the house that has been rented out to other places. After the incident Police Colonel Kom Krit Kham Buts, Director of Bang Kruai Police Station, revealed that the victim met the investigation officer on October 23, reported that he was assaulted by his girlfriend. The investigation officers then interrogated that the incident occurred, knowing that the victim was dating his girlfriend since September 2018 before the day of the incident 3 days. It is a story that the man went to have a woman because of a flirtatious man. And have a conversation That there are other women, which the woman went to see the man around 20.00 hrs. On October 22, there was another argument about 03.00 hrs. But calmed down. At 4:00 am, the man left the room. The woman then came out according to the man. And went to the hospital for a physical examination for treatment And came to see the inquiry official that he would like to report the physical assault. The inquiry official then sent the woman to check again. In order to ensure that the injury to And sent to Nanthaphiku Hospital, Irrigation The inquiry official called the man to talk. And both parents And let's talk because they are fans We are not calm. Now have to wait for the doctor if the doctor will call the man to acknowledge the allegations because the assault is an offense in detention. Because the woman came to see the man in the room If the woman can report more in detention We also take additional exams and will consider whether it is considered a detention or not. If the results come out today There is more than 7 days of treatment. The man will print the fingerprint into the cell and send to the court. But if can be cleared Will agree and pay fines
Close the case of the year 53, the court ordered a 15 -year imprisonment, fined 5 million, two close friends. "Doctor Sarut" carrying the building|The court sentenced 15 years to a fine of 5 million baht with interest. Two close friends killed "Doctor Sarut Thaweejana" carrying a throw from a 4 -story building, died. Reporters reported that today (23 Dec) at the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road. The court made an appointment to hear the verdict in the criminal case. Black number at 1794/2563, the case between the prosecutor's office, the Office of the Attorney General is the plaintiff, filed a lawsuit. Dr. Pramote 1, the defendant and Ms. Jit Wimon, the second defendant on the charges of killing others intentionally. At the trial room 711, in this case, the plaintiff sued the two defendants on 18 April 2010 at night before noon. The two defendants joined together. One of the comments, Khlong Chan, Bang Kapi District, Bangkok, causing the body of Dr. Sarut to the grounds to death, the court has considered evidence, both forensic witnesses and evidence. Believe that the two defendants actually committed the court to punish both defendants Jointly killed the dead It's not the case that the suicide is caused by the adultery, the defendant is 15 years, but the two defendants give benefits, therefore reduce the penalty 1 in 3, probably imprison the defendant 1-2 for 10 years and the defendant. Second, together to pay damages in 5 million baht, with interest at the rate of 7.5 percent per year for the mother of the deceased. For the case of "Doctor Sarut Thaweerujana", the case, which occurred in 2010, changed many investigative officers. Until later, the prosecutor ordered the lawsuit in which the Criminal Court judge went out to face and see the scene. Believe that both defendants actually committed Therefore sentenced to punishment It is the end of the case of the case 11 years ago. In truth, this case, when the prosecutor filed a lawsuit in 2020, the Criminal Court has accelerated the trial in just 1 year, despite the situation of the epidemic of the cow-19. In order to be fair to both parties
Sad, 16 young women have been raped by a stepfather for 5 years, because the mother found a secret clip in the husband.|The 16 girl has been raped by a stepfather for 5 years. Informed that Ms. Am (a fictional name), a 16 -year -old daughter, was hit by a stepfather named Mr. Ek (a hypothetical name), 30 years old, sexual harassment and every clip was kept. From the daughter aged 11 to the present Most recently, the child was done on December 19 ago. All the time, he never knew about it before, because Am was threatened to kill. If he took the story to tell someone, Ms. Ae said that the story came Dang because on December 20, he secretly saw the clip on the hand. Carrying the stepfather, the stepfather, while Mr Ek is doing with many of his daughter. He therefore asked the child what happened. The child then told the whole story. After that he took the child to report at Phrom Phiram police station. The police sent Nong Am to check the body. And make an appointment for a professional exam At this time, Mr. Ek still doesn't know that he knows this and has already reported. Therefore would like to ask the Pawina Foundation Help follow up the case after accepting the story of Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Foundation, coordinated Colonel Anenupin Thong, Phrom Phiram Police Station. And let Ms. A bring her daughter to meet at Phrom Phiram police station on 22 December and the professional exam Before gathering evidence of the court to issue an arrest warrant for Mr. Ek, stepfather on charges of indecent acts, children under 13 and less than 15 years, on December 23, Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Foundation Received a report from Col. Anenupin Thong, Phrom Phiram Police Station, that the police investigated police officers in Phrom Phiram police arrested Mr. Ek. The stepfather has prosecuted. Investigate the accused to confess because of surrender to evidence. And the inquiry official detained and sent the court today and opposed the bail
The court ordered the imprisonment for "Kan Mia Sek Loso" 6 months, not waiting for the criminal case.|The Criminal Court sentenced to 6 months imprisonment, not waiting for the criminal wife. Same prison but wait for the criminal today (24 Dec), the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road Make an appointment to listen to the judgment of the case Miss Apisaya Phatthanaworasap or Eve Maxim, 31, a former Miss Maxim Thailand 2008, former wife of Mr. Seksan Sukkhaphimai or Sek Loso Roxker, 47, is The plaintiff filed a lawsuit against Miss Wipakorn or Kan Sukkhaphimai, 48 years old, wife Sek Loso, Lust Entertainment Company Limited and Mr. Rattanon Jiangwichian, a songwriter together as the 1st defendant in the defamation. Advertising from the case on October 12, 2019, the three defendants jointly violated the law by the first defendant, bringing the song of the 2nd defendant composed by the 3rd defendant, the 1st defendant's employee, while the defendant 1 lives. Fresh via personal Facebook by putting the plaintiff's voice in the lyrics. And use various messages Inappropriate In a way to reduce the value of the plaintiff Causing the plaintiff to be damaged Disgrace Insulting Therefore requesting the court to punish the defendant according to the offense as well Which the court has investigated the plaintiff Saw that the case had the case to sue the case and complete the witness of both sides The defendant has been bailed to the Court of Life and saw that the three defendants had a true offense under the lawsuit. Therefore sentenced the defendant 1 Miss Wipakorn or Kan Sukkhaphimai to imprisonment for 6 months without criminal, the 3rd defendant, Lust Entertainment Company Limited to adjust the money of 50,000 baht and the second defendant, Mr. Rattanon Jiangwichian The songwriter is imprisoned for 6 months, but waiting for 2 years and a fine of 20,000. Mr Athiphat Phattharamongkolchai, Eve Maxim's lawyer, revealed that the client has sued in the defamation case with Miss Wipakorn. The case, which is the final case Was satisfied with the results of the verdict That the client only needs to protect the dignity and reputation, so would like to be an example case that going to Blame others in a defamation manner Must ponder well In order to not allow himself to suffer after the lawsuit, or the civil sued to claim damages or not There has not been a discussion with the client. But the main purpose Of the past lawsuit Is only wanting to protect the dignity and reputation of the client only for other lawsuits. On 25 August, the Court of Appeals sentenced to a 5 -year -old imprisonment, fined 200,000 baht, with a 2 -year -old for the posthase base. Book, careless, Eve Maxim, and on September 15, the past The Court of Appeal has sentenced to a 5 -year imprisonment, fined 2.5 hundred thousand baht. I am sorry for 2 years. The base of Facebook post is careless.
Warning, psychotic rider, pretending to ask the way before gutting worms|Warning men wearing riders Opposite a school in the area of Suwinthawong, a 13 -year -old boy, crying because of losing morale yesterday (23 Dec 64). Send food of a company Standing beside the motorcycle, pretending to be a genitalia Then turned to the student who was waiting for the van at the roadside pavilion. Opposite the school Then took out the genitals to show and then the lust show the female student Causing the younger child to cry because of shock The incident occurred in front of the Thai Asahi Suwinthawong Company, about 16.30 hrs. Of December 23, the news team met with the mother of the student who suffered that yesterday, a 14 -year -old daughter with a younger friend. 13 years, sitting and waiting for the car to go home after school At the pavilion waiting for the car opposite a school in a area of Suwinthawong Road And then there is a man in the clip, driving the car to park Before standing, acting like a scratch, the daughter's genitals saw bad posture Therefore picked up the mobile phone to shoot the clip After that, this rider came to see both children and pretended to ask. Which his daughter was conscious, not responding, then the Rider took out the secret and acted Then walked away to get on the motorcycle immediately Causing the younger brother who was 13 years old, crying because of losing morale, now worried about the daughter's safety Because he had to use this route to wait for the van to go home regularly Initially informed the school. In which the teacher will increase the measures to look after the students more And this afternoon will go to the journal Lam Phak Chi Police Station, orgasm, showing public or showing genitals in public There is a violation of the criminal law. Section 388 has a fine not exceeding 5,000 baht. No imprisonment.
4 leaders of the people are not bail!The court dismissed the dreaded petition-repeatedly caused the incident.|The court dismissed the request for 4 leaders. Dreaded again today (24 Dec 64) at 13.00 hrs. Traveled to the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road, to listen to reading the order temporarily released the black case. A. 286/64 and the case of the Black A. 287/64 at Mr. Prit or Petch Chiwarak. Mike Jatnok and Mr. Chatuphat Boonphatraksa or Phai Dao Din, the leader of the people Is a defendant for insulting the institute Removing a 4 temporary release request for a temporary release, but all 4 defendants have violated the conditions and have a speech to cause chaos. Afraid that if allowed to temporarily release, there will be repeated actions or causes again Therefore there is still no reason to change the order
24-year-old girl chasing her teeth-breaking the shrine-killing 3 cats before burning the house|Mother called Pawena to help her 24-year-old daughter chase after the mother-broken the shrine. ) Call to the Pawina Hong Sakul Foundation for children and women to won Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul to help her daughter. By telling the incident to cry, stating that her daughter was 24 years old, drug addiction and haunting Therefore took a knife to chase his mother and neighbors Then killed 3 cats and then walked to the Phum Phum Court. The latest Miss A is about to burn her own house. And have a motorcycle. Therefore accelerated the coordination of Thanakorn Wongsirilak Director of the Police Station, Muang Samut Sakhon, which the Director of the Royal Thai Army has assigned the PAT Chumphon Chatsanguanchai, Deputy Director of the Police Department to the scene of the incident. To suspend the incident And brought Miss A (a hypothetical name) to calm down at Muang Samut Sakhon Police Station. After that, Pol. Col. Chumphon Chatsanguanchai, Deputy Director of the Director of the Chinese Health Health, to deliver to Kalaya Ratchanakharin Phutthamonthon 4 Institute, Nakhon Pathom Province The police car will be delivered today and will receive a 45 -day treatment. The mother of Ms. A (the fictional name) thanked the Pawina Foundation. And the police who helped this time And said that he had sent Ms. A to treat the hospital for a month Come back and use drugs as before Would like to go to heal for 1 year to disappear. Mrs. Pawina revealed that Drug problem It is a problem that many agencies try to come to solve the problem urgently. In the year 2021, the Pawina Foundation Received a total of 11,267 complaints, more than 2020, with 10,147 complaints, representing 11.03 %, and in the consistent matter in the incident, this was a drug problem, which in 2021 received a complaint of 265 people. Big will be the case of a member of a family addict. Neurological Rampage hurt the people in the house And relatives want to take to treat Therefore would like the government to take care and jointly solve problems in the treatment process For them to walk back to a society without turning to be a drug
Father talks that there is a sticky movie.The cruel son brought the oil to top.Burning the father and a serious friend|Bored, father complained about drinking In addition, dad talked that there was a talisman Sticky leather Drunk son grabbed the gallon of oil, pouring on fire, burned his father and friend. Today (25 Dec), the reporter reported that Investigation police officers in Nam Tong Police Station, Si Mueang Mai District Ubon Ratchathani Province Bringing the arrest of Mr. Karnarat, 20 years old, after the incident, the use of the 47 -year -old Porn Oil, who is the father and Mr. Wichian, 43 years old, his father and then set the fire to burn the body seriously injured and fleeing the incident at 15.30 hrs. . On December 23, from the investigation, Mr Karnarat confessed that before the incident, he sat with his father and father in the bamboo carriage. At the area of the mango garden behind the house, Village No. 5, Dong Na Subdistrict, Nam Tong Subdistrict, Si Mueang Mai District Then argued with the father about his father, complaining, eating only the alcohol, opening the song loudly while sitting to drink alcohol Sticky leather With drunkenness wanting to try father's subject Therefore walked to pick up the oil gallery bought to fill the fishing engine Pour at the father and friend, the father who sat down to drink. After that, the fire flooded his father and father. After that, the neighbors ran to help with the blanket covering the fire. Then inform Mr. with Pimwong, the headman of Ban Dong Na Delivered to Sri Mueang Mai Hospital And was forwarded to Sappasitthiprasong Hospital, Ubon Ratchathani side Police Lieutenant Suraporn Chai Srisuwa said that Mr Karnarat, when drinking, often quarreling with his father and destroys things in the house often. If anyone is forbidden, he will not listen to the latter. Had caused a drunken fire, set fire to the house once last year, which was in probation But this time, Mr Karnarat was the most violent incident. Reported to try to kill the brutal parents Before being sent to prosecute according to the law
Thrilling!The young man wielding a gun to attack the golden shop in a famous shop, almost a hundred thousand escape.|The police rushed to hunt the criminal, wielding a gun to win the golden weight of 3 baht, escaped today (25 Dec 64). At around 13.30 hrs Thong Yaowarat, Soi Khubon 2, Khubon Road, Ram Inthra Subdistrict, Khan Na Yao District, Bangkok, then brought to inspect the scene, a 4 -story commercial building, 1 booth. Ready to testify Before the incident, a criminal was a man aged about 30 years, black, red, wearing a black robe. Blue jeans Wearing a black cap Walked into the shop Doing a golden necklace Heavy, 3 lines, when the opportunity shows, therefore showing himself as a shop Open the shirt to see the black automatic gun that is carried at the waist. And pulled the gun out to intimidate The staff then sent 3 gold necklaces, total weight of 3 baht, worth approximately 84,000 baht. The criminal ran away to Soi Khubon. 4 after the incident, the radio officer bite but still without a flash There is no information about what kind of vehicle is used to cause. And assumed that if the criminal ran away Expected to live close to the area of the incident This will accelerate the surveillance of CCTV in nearby areas. In order to speed up the law to prosecute
Collecting the gangs of the gangsAfter bail and escape|The police arrested again. The gang ring is shabby 7 to 1, the female model holds a sign of justice in the middle of the mob. Found a stingy behavior, surrendering and escaping between the bail of the Crime Suppression Division The Central Investigation Bureau, led by Pol. Maj. Gen. Pongwongsa, the Royal Thai Army, 2 Police Officers and the police officers, 1 kg. Mr. Kongkrit or Ton, 32 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant of Phetchaburi Provincial Court In which the accused committed an offense "Sex offense", due to on 3 December 2018, with Miss Ae (named hypothetical), student and a young model Use the rally area In the area of five Lat Phrao Intersection Standing with a sign, "Help me with me, being shocked 7 to 1, imprisoned for 5 days 5 nights. Please ask for fairness. "And later, Ms. Ae reported the prosecution at Bang Kruai Police Station, Nonthaburi province from the investigation. Knowing that the incident occurred around 18 November 2020, Ms. Ae got to know Mr. Kongkrit. Through Facebook channels by Mr Kongkrit claiming to be a photographer And contacted Miss Ae to take a photo of the shooting fee of 500,000 baht by meeting at the curtain hotel in Rama 5 area. In the online world And also forced the victim to meet And have another sex After bringing 5 other parties to join the incident And crawling in various places After the victim escaped And looked up to demand fairness in the rally place after the incident. Mr Kongkrit asked to surrender the police, then reported the allegations That raped other women Which does not use his wife Is business procurement And providing support for women's shabby After the court ordered to sue And the case is under consideration Request bail to fight the case Later, Phetchaburi Provincial Court approved an arrest warrant for 165/2564 dated 6 June 2021, which must be found guilty. Together to rape others by using violence by using weapons by sharing an offense together with a shabby woman and raped others. By threatening in any way, using violence, with others being in a state of impulsive and detention. Mr Kongkrit applied for bail again And later did not report to the Phetchaburi Provincial Court Phetchaburi Provincial Court has approved an arrest warrant at 323/2564 dated December 17, 2021. The authorities therefore urged to follow up this important criminal quickly. Due to the said case The accused and the crime are not afraid of the law of the country. And still causing repeatedly In many areas Which Mr. Kongkrit or Ton Regarded as a dangerous person The officers then brought the investigation and arresting the market in the market in Map Kha Subdistrict, Nikhom Phatthana District, Rayong Province before being sent to the Phetchaburi Provincial Court. To proceed with the law
Horror in the middle of the nightThe girl was stabbed in the room.Escape to die in front of the condo elevator|Revealing the last picture of a young woman Before being stabbed by a mystery man in the room Escaped to death in front of the elevator, the director of Bang Phli Police Station Expected to be a person in the same condo. Reporters reported that today (26 Dec) at 00.30 hrs., Bang Phli Police Station, Samut Prakan Province. Was informed that a young woman was stabbed in front of the elevator on the 7th floor, a condo, Village No. 7, Bang Chalong Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province. Of Miss Inthorn, 23 years old, lying down, died in front of the elevator With a wound stabbed by a knife in the left thigh which is a wound And with a lot of blood, red, full of floor Saw the blood coming out of the room 164/143, which is about 10 meters away from the elevator. In the room of the deceased, there are signs of fighting until the belongings are scattered. And there is blood flowing in the floor And found a long stainless steel knife, about 10 inches, stained with blood, 1 book, near each other, found the mobile phone of the deceased falling and the ground outside the room found a blood footprint Ran out of the room to escape to the fire escape stairs Believed to be the footprint of the offender Therefore coordinated the probation officer to inspect the evidence at the scene, along with a doctor on duty from Bang Phli Hospital. Before giving the body to the Foundation to send an autopsy at Ramasam Samut Prakan Hospital from the inquiry of Mr. Warawut, 37 years old, who stayed in the opposite room. With the deceased room saying that before the incident, while he was sleeping, he heard a voice like a quarrel. The belongings hit the ground from the deceased's room. At first he didn't come out to see. Because he thought that it would be a matter of spouses Before hearing the door opening And heard the voice of the deceased shouting to help, so he was confident that it was not a spouse He then opened the door to see. Saw the red blood screened as a way out of the room to the front of the elevator He then hurried to see the dead in the blood conditions, flooded himself to stand on the balcony in front. Before walking down to the front of the elevator But didn't see the cause of the crime. At that time, the woman was still conscious, said, "Help me, I was attacked, it leverage the room." big A lot of bleeding So he hurriedly called to ask for help from the police officer of Ms. Thitima, 22 years old, with a room on the 6th floor, saying that while he was lying, heard the sound of the belongings hit the floor from the upper room. And the sound of help He and his girlfriend opened the door while walking to find the source of the sound. Had a thin body of about 165 centimeters tall, wearing a blue short -sleeved sports shirt Wearing a three -part black pants Which is expected to not be Thai Run down through the fire escape stairs In the condition of the body wet with blood and ran to face him Before the man was shocked and ran back down the fire escape stairs down to the bottom. At the same time, the investigative officer opened the CCTV installed on the ground floor of the building. Saw the deceased to buy things on the ground floor before walking back to the elevator at approximately 22.55 hrs of yesterday and at 23.25 hrs. After that, no one came down to the ground floor again, so it was believed that the criminal should hide in the building at the scene. And the culprit did not wear shoes, travel, barefoot and then cause the incident Before running away in an empty foot and stepping on the blood while fleeing Until the footprints were stained with blood from the 7th floor, the scene and the footprints of the blood disappeared on the stairs to escape to the 3rd floor, the officers were spreading, knocking on the door to inspect each room. But still did not find the culprit But there are still some rooms that cannot be opened because it is an empty room. The owner has closed the locked side. Police Colonel Viroj Cutso, the director of Bang Phli Police Station, said that the person who committed this incident was a person who lived in the same building as the scene. Due to checking the blood marks along the way, the criminals walked up and down the fire escape stairs. And there was a secretly snatch the shirt of the yellow villagers that were dried on the outside of the balcony beside the elevator on the 3rd floor, which is believed to be the skill of the cause Expected to be used to disguise himself by ordering more than 20 police officers to search for suspects in every room. Because the incident in this condo found that there was a CCTV on the 1st floor, there was no camera in the class in any way. At this time, the scan of people in and out, all the history after this, as for the issues of the incident, many issues. Whether sexual matters Trying to invade rape, but the deceased resisted, then a fight Including other issues That may be involved
Young musicians take her girlfriend, DucatiCoordinating the taxi, flooding both|Young musicians take a girlfriend of Ducati Racing the arrow up to the Din Daeng Triangle Bridge Coordinating taxi The fire flooded the two vehicles. Reporters reported that today (26 Dec) at 03.20 hrs. Din Daeng police station was informed of the motorcycle accident. Back on the bridge over the Din Daeng triangle intersection. Then a fire broke out. Therefore inspected the incident with the volunteers of Por Tek Tung at the scene of a yellow green taxi Registration number 2452, Bangkok There was a fire flooding around the front of the car to the cabin. Close to each other, found a big bike motorcycle brand Ducati. Registration number 5008 Bangkok Parked and overturned, the fire burned. The police officer used 1 fire car to use a water vehicle to extract the fire for 15 minutes, so it was able to control the fire to calm down about 5 meters away. The injured was a motorcycle rider, Mr. Atthaphon, 29 years old, seriously injured. Quick life to Rajavithi Hospital urgently And the woman who stacked the injury to the chest, rescue to Palo Chokchai, the color of the scene, still found an electric guitar falling Know that it belongs to the motorcycle driver at the scene of the incident As for the taxi drivers and passengers, there are no injuries but in the shock. Initially, knowing that the motorcycle driver Big Bike went to play music is about to go home in the neighborhood. Pracha Songkhro, from the inquiry, Mr. Komson, 52, a taxi driver, said that while taking the passengers to deliver to the head train station, using a bridge over the Din Daeng Triangle intersection, but at the middle of the bridge found that there was a motorcycle. Ride the opposite And collided with sesame And hit the motorcycle over 20 meters until the fire burned at the said motorcycle Before spreading to his own taxi Therefore hurried to get out of the car with passengers And coordinated the firefighters and police officers to investigate the incident. To be used in the case And examined what the cause was caused Before interrogating the injured, both of them were added if the injury improved for the overpass crossing the Din Daeng triangle intersection. Do not allow motorcycles to be used. Due to the risk of accidents that can collide In the past, there were often accidents, both during the day and night.
Catch the Chinese call centerCarrying the device into the baseDeceiving victims to transfer money in Thailand|Extracting Chinese gangsters Carrying equipment, preparing to set up the base Deceiving victims to transfer money in Thailand due to 23 Dec 64, police and military officers Searching for 2 suspicious buildings in Cambodia Which is the point that Thai call center gangs use as a source And committed a deception of Thai people to transfer money using various methods Causing damage to hundreds of millions of baht The results of the discovery of Thai people are using call center equipment. Communicate Therefore detained a total of 39 Thai people, 5 Chinese people sent the Cambodian police to prosecute the law. that Some Chinese people will escape to set up the operation center in Thailand. Through Sa Kaeo province, after the officers have learned that there will be smuggled into Thailand on the edge of Khlong Kai Road, Pubtim Siam 05, Pig 1, Khlong Kaiban Subdistrict, Khlong Hat District, Sa Kaeo Province, therefore integrated with Police officer Immigration Police officers at the border police officer 4, Khlong Hat Police Station, from the inspection, found 2 pickup trucks driving around. The suspicious characteristics inside the car are sitting in many cars. Therefore showing himself as a police officer requesting to search The results of the discovery of 2 Thai people are smuggled 9 Chinese drivers with equipment for operating a call center gang. Such as more than 20 mobile phones, cars and equipment, therefore bring the accused together Delivered to the investigation officers of Khlong Hat Police Station, Sa Kaeo Province, prosecuting two Thai people on charges of "helping to hide or help in any way to ensure illegal foreigners from the arrest." As for the 9 Chinese People are prosecuted for "Being a foreigner fleeing into the Kingdom without permission And notify all the accused that Violating the order of Sa Kaeo Province No. 944/2563. Do not move foreigners into the province "and will expand the results of additional evidence to prosecute Chinese people in the public fraud.
Block the condo!Hunting the knife stabbed the girl in the room.The victim escaped to extinguish the lift in front of the elevator.|Officials are still surrounded. Hunting the knife stabbed the girl in the room. Before going to death in front of the elevator Believed to be hidden in the condo from the case last night (December 25), the police station Bang Phli was notified of the cause of death. The incident occurred at a condo, Village No. 7, Bang Chalong Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province. In front of the elevator on the 7th floor, found the body of Miss Inthorn, 23 years old, lying on his back and died. There is a deep wound on the top left leg. Blood flows in the ground, from the room of the deceased to the elevator from the investigation. It is believed that the culprit is still hiding in the condo. Officials then brought the surrounding to search in various rooms. Throughout the night until the morning, but the progress of the latest progress has not been found this morning (26 Dec). Reporters enter the condo area at the scene again. Found the investigative officer still searching for the culprit and screened table to make a history of people in front of the building and there are staff from special operations. More than 10 provincial investigations in Samut Prakan province surrounded the surrounding area of the building. And in various layers Of the building, there are also police officers, carpets, searching for suspects in various rooms Initially If the suspects are found, the officers will bring their history. Along with printing the toe to be compared to the footprints found on the night again. If more progress, will report to know further
Catch!Young man wielding a gun to invade gold 3 baht, confessing to make money (clip)|Catching a 22 -year -old boy wielding a BB to invade 3 baht, confessing to make money to pay debt, December 26, 2021, the police jointly arrested Mr. Supawit, 22 years old, a single attack with a 3 baht gold firearm at Yaowarat Gold Department Store, Soi Khubon. 2 Khubon Road, Ram Inthra Subdistrict, Khan Na Yao District, Bangkok. The incident occurred yesterday (25 Dec 64) after the incident. Found that the criminals changed the clothes used to cause the incident in Soi Khubon 4, separate 1 before walking out and climbed the wall to Soi 6 to drive the motorcycle, Kawasaki Z250, red. Along Ram Inthra Road Before entering a village in Watcharapol, Soi 3, the officers gather evidence to request a search warrant. And inspect Until able to arrest him in the end after detaining to point out the confession point Starting before entering the shop And while using BB firearms to intimidate heavy gold And pointed out the escape point The accused confessed that Would like to use the money to pay the debt of 4-5 thousand baht. The firearms used to cause the BB firearm, Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran Nuanma Property that has been sold in 3 gold shops, the investigative officers are clear. In this regard, thanks to the workers, both the investigative department. The prevention and suppression of Kannayao Police Station together with the investigation department. 2, the 3 police officers who were able to arrest the accused quickly within 24 hours.
The victim's sister stabbed in the condo revealed.Referred to return to his motherPolice surrounded all dayStill without a sign of a criminal|Progress in the case of a young Phichit girl Was stabbed at the front of the elevator, 7th floor, a condo in Bang Chalong Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province In the middle of the night last night Most recently, at 16.00 hrs. Ms. Manatchanok, 38 years old, relatives of the deceased. Traveled to the condo where the incident was collected Of the deceased in the room Which will bring the body of the deceased to perform religious rituals at Wat Phra Ngam, Nakhon Pathom Province And on December 28, 2021, will invite the monks to invite the soul of the deceased at the scene of Miss Manatchanok revealed that He rarely contacted the deceased. Most of the deceased will contact the mother more. And once said that he would go home to mother on the new year And in contact with the deceased the last 1-2 days ago, normally know that you work on warehouses And don't know much about the deceased And the deceased also told his mother that The room was leverage. But still haven't moved out Before coming to the said matter Without having a girlfriend And not dating anyone By wanting the police Follow the criminals who have done the crime as soon as possible. In order not to cause any other incident The deceased mother is traveling from other provinces. It is expected to arrive today. Col. Viroj Cutso, Ph.D., Bang Phli Police Station, Samut Prakan revealed that The wound that occurred was the only wound that caused death. The reason is still not specified. Because the room has no traces of tampering From the association with the investigation department expecting The criminal or the suspect should knock on the door. When the deceased did not know who it was Lost to open the door The criminal pushed the door in. Because in the room there are signs of fighting And the property in the room is nothing lost at all. The reason is possible in both ways. May be a violence against property Or may go in to hope to do badly with the deceased But now there is no specific evidence and evidence. What the criminal did The weapon used to attack the deceased was in the room of the incident. And from finding clues Expect the criminal to be in this building Even the officers searched in every room But the incident occurred at night so I couldn't do much. Can only be surrounded Until the morning we entered the search of all rooms until the 244 rooms have not yet found any suspects. From the investigation of the investigative department, the suspects did not leave this building in any way. But this building is some rooms available After checking and still not found Still do not know whether the criminal is still in this building or not. The staff still screen the building. There is a patrol officer recording the evidence of the person entering this building. And now the investigation department went to chase the CCTV According to the outer area Expanded widely according to the testimony of the witness that saw the event Stating that the criminal is a man with a thin body, about 170 centimeters tall, dark skin, the witness came to meet when the cause of the crime came down from the 7th floor, which was the rhythm of the door opening the door to stand out, not more than 5 meters away, therefore remember the face. Can cause Which we have already taken the exam as a witness
The 62 -year -old man was killed at the bottom.After arguing with a young man, the police detained the exam|The big boy was killed at the bottom-knife embroidered. A close man known through the app to find a couple. Was the cause of the incident at 17.30 hrs. On December 26, 2021, Police Lieutenant Colonel Ploy Kinri Buppha Pho, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Lam Phak Chi Police Station, was informed of the deaths in the house, Village No. 5, Lam Road. Trian, Khok Twin Subdistrict, Nong Chok District, Bangkok, then traveled to inspect Police Lieutenant Colonel Sakdit Phatthong, Deputy Director of Lam Phak Chi Police Station, probation officer, forensic doctor, and the staff of the Ruamkanyu Foundation, the scene is a single -story house in front of the house. Found a motorcycle, Honda Wave, black, red, parked Inside the fence of the parking lot Found Mr. Amnuay, 62 years old, former bank employee Bottom bare condition Wear a white shirt There are a lot of blood stains, lying face down, with a knife embroidered on the neck. Died at the scene of the incident The police were able to arrest the culprit in the house. The name was Mr. Narongsak, 24 years old, a warehouse staff in Ramkhamhaeng area. Before detained to investigate at Lam Phak Chi Police Station, initially investigated that The deceased lived in the house alone. No family And got to know Mr. Narongsak Through the pair of applications Until having a profound relationship Until the appointment was made to come to the house of the deceased But with arguments Due to having sex Until violent quarrel Before fighting During that time, the deceased shouted for help. Until the neighbors heard the sound rushed to see Saw the deceased lying in the blood Therefore hurried to notify the police to inspect And the arrest of the cause of the incident. In the end, it was expected to be caused by jealousy But still not cut other issues in any way After this, the body will be sent to the forensics hospital and investigate the culprit thoroughly. Before proceeding with the law
Collected, condo mates pierced the girl in front of the elevator.Confessed to drunk, but his wife had just given birth|The police investigated until they met. The criminal stabbed the girl. Is a person who lives in the same building Claiming drunk, but the wife had just given birth to the latest progress from the case of a male criminal attacking the incident, using a 23 -year -old knife to death until the latest police officers detained the suspect who lived on the floor. 3, the same building that was interrogated Throughout the night until the last evening after the incident The investigation found some clues that led to a man's detainee to investigate further. Initially referred to the semester later at 22.00 hrs. On December 27, 2021, Pol.Lt.Gen. And revealed that Now, 9 witnesses have been interrogated. Everyone is useful. Most recently, 1 suspect can be detained, found as a man who lives inside the same building as the deceased lives on the 3rd floor, room number 9, which is near the fire escape. From the police investigation guidelines found that This suspect Saw the deceased walking down the area below Referred to the lift Which received evidence from the CCTV (White shirt) and then he walked up to the room and changed his shirt from white to blue. And walked into the room of the deceased to trap in the room, hope to rape, expect that the deceased's room may not lock the door By hiding in the closet Wait until the victim returns to the room. Until the deceased returned to the room The culprit came out of the closet and tried to violate sexual harassment. But the deceased resisted The culprit then used a pointed knife to carry him in the thigh 1, before walking barefoot, blood fleeing from the room. Descending to the side of the fire escape from the side until meeting the witness on the 6th floor, then fled down the stairs to the 3rd floor, passing the room itself, stopped at the clothes rack in the middle of the building on the 3rd floor and walked up to the stairs to escape the fire in the middle of the building. Up to the 5th floor, with blood stains all the way until the blood stains disappeared in front of the room on the 5th floor. The officers then inspected the blue shirt, stained with blood stains and the sheets were left in the toilet of the said room. After the incident, the officers besieged and knocked on the proof of the person to find the suspect in every room from the incident to the late today. As well as creating a history and taking pictures of all individuals Until the investigation department found a clue of a suspect in accordance with the CCTV, which appeared to be the person who had previously opened the door on the 8th floor of the room. The officers then came back to check the assumptions that made the residential history in every condo again. Because he was confident that the criminal was a residents in this condo until he met a suspect, after the incident, the officers called to inspect the room. So zoom to look at the photos and find a scratch wound on the left hand, the left hand became an important evidence. Who believe that this suspect is probably the culprit Therefore invited to interrogate and coordinate the probation officer to collect evidence in the room to find blood stains in the bathroom in the said man's room. The results of the forensic evidence confirmed blood stains at the bathroom, sink and some water, in the room of the suspect. Currently, the police are in the process of investigating this suspect in detail. To find evidence to connect Along with bringing the witness to confirm Until recently, the suspect said the said person opened his mouth to confess that Actually done because of surrender to evidence By claiming that while the incident was intoxicated and emotional because the wife had just given birth only 15 days. Kill others intentionally And carrying weapons, knives in the city, village or public way Without reasonable reasons before being detained for further legal proceedings
Collecting the mall "Isaralak", former TV host100 million online fraud|Pincheda, parking, famous mall Former TV host "Isaralak", online fraud is damaged by more than 100 million (27 Dec 64). Reporters reported to Pol. Nor. 8, Police Colonel Thawatchai Intharat, Deputy Director of the Civil Service Commission, Police Station 8, Pol.Col. SorBor. 8, Pol. Col. Chinnawat Kaewphanpong, Deputy Director of the Civil Service Commission, Civil Service Commission 8, Pol.Lt.Col. Former television host, charged with "fraud and corruption Or by deceiving Imported into a computer system, which is distorted or fake, whether all or some or false computer data As a result, it is likely to cause damage to the people. "Col. Niphon said that Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk Kitti Praphat, Deputy Commander in Chief of Police Major General Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief of Police Major General Chokchai Ngamwong, Deputy Commander in Chief of Police Major General Manop Sukhon Thanapathan, Commander in Chief 8, ordered the investigation to arrest the case that has created the heat of the people. The accused who committed an offense fled to the condo in Bang Sao Thong area, Samut Prakan Province. Therefore plan to arrest And followed up to prosecute on December 26 at approximately 21.30 hrs. In the area of Makro Parking Shop, Ratchathwa Sub -district, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province, investigated the accused to confess throughout the allegations. Phon Phon Said that for the accused, there was a behavior persuasion, with a profit of 10 percent or more, causing more than 100 people to believe. The damage value of over 100 million, with the appearance of investment, with the accused claiming to use the money in the online sales business regarding brand -name, such as bags, shoes, clothes and jewelry of women. Which will share the profits according to the agreed percentage By deceived to invest Share chain sharing There are many victims. And the victim reported the complaint at Rat Burana Police Station The inquiry official collects evidence and requesting approval of the arrest warrant of Miss Isaralak.
Open the last postBefore the girl was stabbed in the condo, pointed out that the danger has been nearby for a long time.|In the case of a male criminal attacking the incident, using a 23 -year -old knife in a condo room in Bang Chalong Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province Before the person died in front of the elevator on the 7th floor, after spending almost 2 days after following the police, the police detained 31 -year -old suspect, who lived on the 3rd floor of the same building. Came to investigate until the evidence was tied by the criminal confessed that Hoping to rape the said girl Because of sexual emotions And his wife had just given birth for a few days But the deceased resisted The culprit then used a sharp knife to pierce to pierce the legs of the deceased. The reporter reported that When examining from the Facebook of the deceased Before this tragic event found that on December 8, the past Referred to as a personal Facebook post that it feels unsafe. Because the door of the room has been tampering many times And think that even being in a condo Can still encounter this danger The post stated that "The size is still scary, so I have been leverage the 2nd round and 2 times that was knocked. This time, steel. "
Look at the history of "Isaralak" former hostStrawberry Cheesecake|In the case of police officers arresting Miss Isaralak Burarak or Luk Nam, 29 years old, the former television host on the charge of "fraud and corruption Or by deceiving Imported into a computer system, which is distorted or fake, whether all or some or false computer data As a result, it is likely to cause damage to the people. "After finding the persuasion behavior, the investment is 10 percent profit. Causing more than 100 people to believe in the victims group There are hundreds of members. The damage value of over 100 million, with the appearance of investment, with the accused claiming that the money was used as a scholarship. In the online sales business of brand names such as bags, shoes, clothes and women's jewelry Which will share the profits according to the agreed percentage by deceived to invest Share chain sharing There are many victims. And the victim reported the complaint at Rat Burana Police Station The inquiry official collects evidence and requests an arrest warrant for Miss Isaralak. Finally, for the Isaralak Burarak Born on March 31, 1992, graduated from the Faculty of Communication Arts. Bangkok University Before building a reputation from a famous teenage host like "Strawberry Cheesecake" as a 4th generation of strawberries. There are also many works in the entertainment industry, such as the VJ Coke, Shop on Tour (CTH). Referred to have also interviewed with online columns when studying at university. That at that time was a hot girl who had a boy Arranged in a variety of styles In which the person stated that "boys There are flirting in all styles. Sir Krian, dirty, handsome, strange, horrible model, such as typing on Facebook, every day, every time, typing like us. Know where we are Said that he would follow this event, something like this is scary or where to go to see that Has anyone followed us? "
The security guard, the condo revealed that the criminals stabbed the 23 young women like to walk around every floor.Leverage other rooms regularly|The security guard, the condo revealed that the criminals stabbed the 23 young women living with mother -in -law. The wife and children who just gave birth Like to walk around every floor Have leverage other people's rooms many times. The progress of the 23 -year -old girl stabbing in Samut Prakan area Until he was detained and confessing that he was a real person, knowing the name of Mr. Nattachai (Sanguan surname), aged 31, the latest Nakhon Si Thammarat people today (27 Dec 64) Mr. Thawee Thongsiriprasert The security guard of the condo said that he had seen Mr Nattachai, the accused, usually Mr Nattachai often likes to smoke on the balcony. Not only the 3rd floor balcony that Mr Natthai lives But walked almost every floor Mr Nattachai is not very much to anyone. But sometimes there are some greetings Previously, the residents had informed that Mr Natthai tried to leverage and rotated the door knob often. Personally, I believe that the criminal has been secretly looking at the deceased for a while. Therefore thought to cause the security of the condo, also said that normally Mr Nattachai Will live with the mother, grandmother, wife and young children, aged only 15 days, admitting that he was shocked by the incident because he didn't think Mr Nattachai would act And pity the deceased while Pol.Lt.Gen. The criminal has been following the dead for a while with affection. And then know that the deceased lived in the said room On the day of the incident, the criminal knocked on the door of the deceased. When the deceased opened the door The criminal then pushed the door in. Along with using a knife, intimidating, hoping to rape But the deceased resisted until the fight had occurred. The criminal then used a knife to pierce into the left leg of the deceased. Then fled
The victim unfolds "Luk Nam", the former host of 100 million fraud, trusting because he has been a fan for 10 years.|From the case of Miss Isaralak Burarak or the former famous television host being arrested for Fraud the people and dishonest Or by deceiving Imported into a computer system, which is distorted or fake, whether all or some or false computer data In a way that is likely to cause damage to the people, Col. Niphon Suk The Director of the Civil Service Commission of Thailand said that the SorBorKor. 8, then investigated until knowing that Miss Isaralak The accused who committed an offense fled to the condo in Bang Sao Thong area, Samut Prakan Province. Therefore plan to arrest And followed up to prosecute on December 26 at approximately 21.30 hrs. In the area of Makro Parking Shop, Ratchathwa Sub -district, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province, investigated the accused to confess throughout the allegations. Phon Phon Said that for the accused, there was a behavior persuasion, with a profit of 10 percent or more, causing more than 100 people to believe. The damage value of over 100 million, with the appearance of investment, with the accused claiming to use the money in the online sales business regarding brand -name, such as bags, shoes, clothes and jewelry of women. Which will share the profits according to the agreed percentage By deceived to invest Share chain sharing There are many victims. And the victim reported the complaint at Rat Burana Police Station The inquiry official collects evidence and requests an arrest warrant for Miss Isaralak. As mentioned Luk Nam-Isaralak Burarak, 29 years old, graduated from the Faculty of Communication Arts, the famous private university, the work of the past is Strawberry Cheesecake G.4, VJ Coke, Shop on Tour (CTH). Traveled to give an additional testimony at Rat Burana Metropolitan Police Station, with Mr. F told the event to the news team that I myself have followed Miss Isaralak Burarak or the former TV host for 10 years via Facebook and Instagram, which previously FA has always seen that the accused Selling cosmetics, rolls, hair, and myself have subsidized. Once time passed, the accused of the accused was open to investors. And notify investors that they are not sharing a chain Not a saving house By claiming that they have a variety of businesses that invest in clothing, bags and other businesses That cannot be revealed Therefore causing trust in investment Because I think that if the accused of cheating Probably not staying for up to 10 years. The image of the accused previously Khun F said that The larvae are in the businessman. There are a lot of sales of various products, which makes themselves trust that the larvae can be managed. And the larvae said persuasive that If investors have cold money But without knowledge about trading stocks, crypto, bring money to himself With the proposal to take care of the investors' money And the investors are waiting to receive only dividends. Khun F. The victim has transferred the money to invest in the amount of 60,000 baht, 1 time and 60,000 baht, 1 more time, totaling 120,000 baht. At that time, F. said that once he knew that he was cheated Tried to contact the baby But unsuccessful Calling was cut off, Facebook, Instagram did not reply. To the point of going to the house, it was disturbed by other houses. And then escaped to the condo in Samut Prakan province. I have already reported criminal prosecution. Because there is a show that cheated, escape, without effort to pay back When it's time to explain And said that he didn't want the victim to report Still wanting to live and travel to do various things, but when asked about money, it cannot be answered.
Gangster at Nuea TempleScramble for the police gun, but only 1 km fled the garden.|Gangster, Nuea Duang Temple Was detected in the methamphetamine Scramble for the police gun. Mag opened the way to escape, but found only 1 km to escape the garden. The left chest ammunition at 22.00 hrs. On December 27, 2021, Pol.Lt.Gen. Prachuap Kaeottiya, Inspector of Samrong Police Station, Samut Suea, Samut Prakan was informed that the drug was held for a firearm of the patrol officer. Samrong Tai police station while arresting and using firearms to shoot at officials And was shot by the officer Before the said man rode a motorcycle to escape, died in the back of the house number 76, Village No. 4, Soi Chumachai, Village No. 4, Samrong Klang Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan Province. After being notified, along with Maj. Gen. Chumphon Poomphuang, Ph.D., Samut Prakan Province Police Colonel Chakkaphong Nuchpadung, Director of Samrong Tai Police Station And the investigative officers are investigating Born in the back of the house, found the body of Mr. Sakhon, 47 years old, people of Nonthaburi Sleeping died on the stairs on the second floor, which is behind the house, the wound was shot by 1 firearm into the left chest, and in front of the house found a red-black Honda Wave motorcycle. Attached to the license plate in the condition that the plastic frame in the middle of the car has a lot of blood drops attached Close to each other, found a motorcycle, the 88304, the police officer of Samrong Tai Police Station, who was sniped and followed up to park. Somsri, the group of prevention and suppression of Samrong Police Station, about 50 meters away, found a 9 -mm black firearm of the Police Amnat who was scrambled. Officials therefore kept it as evidence by the incident in Soi Am Hong, Village No. 1, at the end of Soi Samrong Tai Temple, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan Province. Which is about 1 kilo away from the point where the man died, therefore coordinated the probation officer to collect evidence at the scene and coordinated the medical hospital, Bangchak Hospital, joined the autopsy Before giving the body to the Foundation to send autopsy at the National Forensic Service Before traveling to investigate the incident in Soi Aung Hong At the end of Soi Samrong Tai A 9 mm 9 mm shell was found with 19 methamphetamine pills contained in a zipper bag and another small wrapped ice that fell on the road from the inquiry. (Reserved the real name) The friend of the deceased who saw the incident said that the incident of the deceased rode a motorcycle to him at home. While walking to the motorcycle in order to go home Is the same rhythm that the police line Riding a motorcycle past, found in, therefore requested to search because the motorcycle did not attach the license plate. In which the deceased agreed to search While the search officers found amphetamines in themselves The deceased then resisted and tried to attack the police, so he was chaotic and the deceased took the gun from the police's waist before shooting 1 shot before shooting at the police. The police dodged the bullet, the deceased shot at the police until all Max. But actually the deceased was wrong Wrong and still resisting the officers When the deceased shot at the police, they had to shoot and protect themselves. Normally, the deceased has a habit of gangsters, thugs, not afraid of anyone and addicted to drugs, with a history of selling and addictive. Until the nickname Ai Nuea, Maj. Gen. Chumphon Poomphuang, Ph.D., Samut Prakan Province Revealed after investigating the incident that Before the incident, while the police officers in Samrong Tai police station are patrolling the area of responsibility through the Aungong community. At the end of Soi Samrong Tai Went to meet a suspicious man A suspicious gesture, riding a motorcycle, does not attach to the license plate Therefore asked to search And found a number of amphetamines and while he was detained The said man turned to compete for the firearm of the police and fired at the police. Officials jumped and shot in the garden. Which at that time still didn't know whether or not Before the end of the said person would escape the motorcycle, with the firearm that was sought from the police officers. By riding to escape through the Samrong Nuea Temple And the man was injured in the back of the villagers' houses in this community. Which the villagers came out to see, which at that time the man had not died And informed the police, but when the police arrived, found that the deceased had died first The gun of the police officer was fell to the ground while fleeing from the point of the body was approximately 30 meters and a motorcycle parked. And from the examination of the history of the deceased, it was found to be punished in the burglary case. And in prison for many years, but detailed history Will investigate again From the evidence in the way that it was injured and died from the actions of the police. In which the fight was used with a gun to put the dead group Which in this floor will set up an autopsy expression And will set up a committee to investigate the facts again
Caught and the young man was looking for a second girl match to eatBefore snatching the iPhoneClaiming unemployed to raise money for children|Caught and the young man was looking for a second girl match to eat Before snatching the iPhone Claiming unemployed to raise money for children Found the history of the burglar previously (27 Dec 64) at 17.00 hrs. Col. Chaturon Conservation of graduates Director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, Pol.Col. Somutar Ketaya, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Muang Nonthaburi Pol.Lt.Col. Police Lieutenant Colonel Phairat Nuan Taku, investigative officer And police officers Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Jointly arrest Mr. A, 37 years old, residing at house number 99, Soi Vibhavadi Rangsit 34, Chatuchak District, Bangkok, according to the arrest warrant of Phra Khanong Provincial Court, C 523/2018, dated 24 Sep 61. Muang Nonthaburi police station has notified Additional allegations are Ran And import false information to the computer system Due to December 13, 64, police officers Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Was informed by Mr. Pranan, 27 years old, Bang Bua Thong Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District Nonthaburi Province That there is a man who does not know the real name, the real surname, but only the nickname Kim is about 33 years old, 170 cm tall, stealing mobile phones, iPhone 12 Pro Max while eating together in the Shabu restaurant Inside the famous department store Ngamwongwan area, Bang Khen Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province, with a CCTV recording as evidence from CCTV, can record the criminal at 12.23 hrs. On 13 December 64, while Mr. Pranan and Mr. A, who made a date for the first time through the mobile phone application Come to sit and eat in the Shabu restaurant In which Mr. A was wearing a mask Sit back and turn your back to the CCTV. Which, during the eating, about 10 more than Natini Ae, made a walk to scoop the food and walked back to sit at the counter as before before borrowing the victim's mobile phone to call Then disappeared from the shop with a mobile phone from the investigation. Mr. A, the accused, confessed that the cause of the incident because of unemployment has no money, then has a trick through the chat and meets the victims to eat. Which he had no money After that, he borrowed the phone and stolen the victim's mobile phone. And sold it at the famous mall in Bangkok has received 5,000 baht for spending and raising children. Initially, the police were still not convinced. Because the accused had a history of burglary before Therefore reported the allegations before coordinating the police officers in Bang Na Police Station to accept the prosecution As well as proceeding with the issue to prosecute Muang Nonthaburi Police Station
Beauty bloggers are famous to post "Luk Nam", a former fraud host.Please forgive everything.|From the case of Miss Isaralak Burarak or the former famous television host being arrested for Fraud the people and dishonest Or by deceiving Imported into a computer system, which is distorted or fake, whether all or some or false computer data In a way that is likely to cause damage to the people, Col. Niphon Suk The Director of the Civil Service Commission of Thailand 8 revealed that the accused has the behavior to persuade the investment by giving 10 percent profit or more, resulting in more than 100 people who believe in the victims. hundred The damage value of over 100 million, with the appearance of investment, with the accused claiming to use the money in the online sales business regarding brand -name, such as bags, shoes, clothes and jewelry of women. Which will share the profits according to the agreed percentage By deceived to invest Share chain sharing There are many victims. And the victim reported the complaint at Rat Burana Police Station The inquiry official collects evidence and requests an arrest warrant for Miss Isaralak. As mentioned at the same time Nun-Nopphakkul Thawatchai or Nobluk, a famous Beauty Blogger Shared the news of the Isaralak family that was arrested and stated that "From the superficial Used to be insulted by you Undewed because just not holding a brand name bag Take us to curse and damage ... I don't think she will be deeply down to this number. Please refund his money. Change yourself again. Change now still have a chance. In the past, I would like to forgive everything. Please think and turn back. "By Famous Beauty bloggers Answered the comments that Being used by the other party, he said that he could sell the island of a man to eat abroad because he had been selling. Post insults to AIG for people to curse, although not true. Never apologize for the matter that can be proven that it is not true. There are a lot of things, but he only said this. Forgive but not forget that There are a lot of interviews about the post. But he told him to interview the victims in the news. Because he didn't want to step on him And do not want to be lost That should follow all the money to return to the victim more
Inviting the spirit of 23 victims to pierce the condo, sad, crying, telling the mother to sleep in the box|In the case of a male criminal attacking the incident, using a 23 -year -old knife in a condo room in Bang Chalong Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province Before the person died in front of the elevator on the 7th floor, after spending almost 2 days after following the police, the police detained a 31 -year -old suspect, who lived on the 3rd floor of the same building. Came to investigate until the evidence was tied And the offender confessed (28 Dec 64), the 3rd anniversary of the departure of Miss Inthorn or Toey, 23, who is the most shocking of the Nong Toey family or Miss Inthoroor, 23 years old, was Mr. Nattachai. Invited to hide in the 7th floor of the deceased, claiming that But the victim fought against and tried to cry to the help until the hand used a knife to pierce the front legs, cut the big blood vessels, died in front of the elevator while scramble for help. After the officers arrested this accused successfully in less than 24 hours and detained to make a confession plan yesterday afternoon. Last night, the roomkeeper at the scene of the incident had hired people. Come to clean the stains and collect everything from the room. Most recently, at 10:00 am, Mr. Wichai, 62 years old, the father of Toey and his family invited the monks. Traveled to invite Nong Toei's spirit Inside the room and in front of the elevator The scene where the atmosphere was sad In the midst of the silence of the 7th floor, which the residents have moved out in many rooms. Go to another floor At the same time, the information from the condo building at the scene of yesterday evening, a relative came to pick up his wife and people in the room of Mr. Natthai. The culprit has left the condo. Without knowing where he was going. Mr. Wichai's father Revealed that after receiving Nong's body Go back to perform merit at Phra Ngam Temple. Nakhon Pathom Province To perform religious ceremonies With the intention of chanting the metaphysics for 3 days ago, the first night And there will be a cremation ceremony on December 30 Today, invited the monks to do the ceremony to call the daughter's soul to the family's breast. Especially the 4 -year -old son, who is the son of Nong Toei In the past, I often talked to my son through the phone and will go back often. Which most recently told the children to find the new year and will buy snacks With innocent age, he only asked for her mother all the time. While yesterday evening, the deceased son walked to the mother coffin and said that she was asleep in the box. And the grandchildren tried to open the box until he was forbidden In addition, the father of Nong Toey Also said that Last night Come to dream, mother said that Nong Toey Still not dead and hurt in the chest, suffocating And would like the death penalty at the same time when late today Police Lieutenant Colonel Chaiyasat Mongphong, Inspector of Bang Phli Police Station, Samut Prakan, the owner of the case, withdrawing the case, Mr. Nattachai from the control room to do more interrogation. With a serious expression like a person who didn't sleep all night After the interrogation was completed, he returned to the control room to wait for the collection of the investigation. Send the power of the Samut Prakan Provincial Court to be imprisoned tomorrow. In addition, it was known that on the morning of Mr. Nattachai's wife The suspect came to visit in front of the control room. After seeing the reporter disappeared
Gathering famous photographersDeceiving a nude girlClaiming art showBefore catching-rape|Investigation Officer, Children's and Women's welfare Division, detained Mr. Chan Pichit, 41 years old, art teachers and nude photographers The accused under the arrest warrant of the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court at C 690/2564 dated December 28, in the offense of rape. In which others are in a state that cannot resist Perseper to a person aged over 15 years, with that person not in a state of disobedience And use other objects or organs Not genitals Inny the genitals or anus of others by arresting the area Soi Phra Pinklao 15, Arun Amarin Subdistrict, Bangkok Noi District After the persuasion of the 23 -year -old model, join the photo shooting of the art of tattoo art on December 13, causing the young model to believe. To meet by appointment At the famous hotel in Lan Luang area Before tricking to the room Hold the hand of the feet And use a blindfold Infrequent acting, using rape equipment. Walk the mall To prevent the victim reporting the prosecution By taking the victim to launch in public In order to have the image appear as the CCTV image Appeared as evidence In the form of the victim And have a testimony Even though the victim was not willing to go with But was forced to go because he was in a state of agreement Dreaded, was harmed if resisting after the incident, the victim consulted with close friends Until being suggested to report the prosecution Decided to request help with the Child and Women's welfare Division. After interrogation, the history of the accused No information in the criminal case before But found that the accused opened a photography and drawing school Afraid that there may be a violation of other pupils in the future Therefore accelerated the collection of evidence to request the power of the court to issue an arrest warrant for the accused Which the court approved an arrest warrant on December 15 Before arresting today within the school Col. Thirasak Chandra Phiphat, Director of the NESDB. Do not believe if there is a persuasion that it can be pushed to be a model, model, advertising, or art photography, such as tattoo art. And should check the information in detail And always have friends Do not give the opportunity to be together in two parts, the mental state of the victim at this time Still in fear According to the initial investigation, the accused also denied. Did not rape the victim as accused But in a form of agreement
"Pimry Pie" implies!Lawyer Ratchaphon reported to sell a total of 10 random boxes.|"Lawyer Ratchaphon" aimed at the B.E. "Random Pimry Pie", a total of 10 charges today (29 December) at 10:00 am at the Crime Suppression Division regarding consumer protection (Por Por Por.) Lawyer Ratchaphon Sirisakorn Traveled to meet Pol.Col. Parinya Pala, Deputy Director of the Army 1, in order to submit a request for the police to investigate the case with "Pimry Pie" because the evidence was found in the scope of Sell random box Therefore reported to investigate and take the offender to be punished. The lawyer Ratchaphon said that there were victims who bought a random box from Pimry Pie Then received the box to open the interior as a product of perfume, some cosmetics, there is no duty to cover the tax Some boxes are expired products. There were 3 victims of the victims of him from knowing that there were thousands of people preparing to report the offense on charges. As follows: "Cosmetics Act 2015" selling cosmetics, not notifying the maximum penalty, fine 20,000 baht, selling cosmetics, no labels, maximum imprisonment, 3 months, fined 30,000 baht, selling cosmetics, expired, the highest penalty 10,000 baht. 5 -year imprisonment, fined 50,000 baht, selling non -pure food, maximum imprisonment, 2 years, fined 20,000 baht. "Consumer Protection Act 2522" sells controlled products, no label, maximum imprisonment, 6 months, fined 100,000 baht. "Customs Act 2017" helps to sell goods. Escaping the maximum penalty tax, 5 years imprisonment, fined 4 times the price of "fraud" price, maximum penalty, 5 years, fined 100,000 baht. "Computer Act, Article 14 (1)", the maximum penalty 5 years, fined 100,000 baht and "Money laundering", the maximum penalty of a 10 -year imprisonment, a fine of 200,000 baht, while Pol. Maj. Gen. said that the preliminary matter will be accepted to propose the supervisor to consider the further authority.
"Kwan Palestine" game!Meet Hanuman, the sheriff's arrestEscape the case of the Surin police|Hanuman sheriff with complete weapons, surrounded by "Kwan Palestine", the northeastern medicine gang. Escape the case of the Surin police After finding a lot of clues, the city of the city today (29 Dec) at 10:00 am at the Crime Suppression Division (PorChor.), Pol.Lt.Gen. . Teacher Por Kwan Na, Director of the Police Department 4, and the Hanuman Special Operations Officer. Join the announcement of the arrest of Mr. Kitti, 25 years old, or "Kwan Palestine", the accused according to the arrest warrant of Surin Provincial Court at 111/2564, dated 29 October 2021, charged with "trying to kill officials, have weapons and ammunition in possession by Unauthorized And carrying firearms to public without reasonable cause "and arrest warrant for the Surin District Court at 24/2564 dated 12 April 2021, charged with" Drug Abuse 1 (Methamphetamine Min) "after arresting 396 methamphetamine in a room in Bang Khae area In this regard, Maj. Gen. Montri said that on October 27, the police officers of Thungmon Police Station were reported that Mr. Kitti or "Kwan Palestine" This accused Which has an arrest warrant of the Surin District Court, drug addiction, is mingling at the residence in Village No. 7, Thung Mon Subdistrict, Prasat District, Surin Province But when the officer arrived and showed himself to arrest Mr Kitti, trying to resist and escape Along with drawing a short pistol, setting up and firing at 3-4 shots, but fortunately the gun is polished Therefore there was no injury while Mr Kitti relying on the chaos of the munth during the said time, ran into the dense forest and escaped. Officials therefore gathered evidence to request an additional arrest warrant. Later, the Operations Officer Kor Kor. 4, the Royal Thai Army investigated, said that after the latest incident, Mr. Kitti fled to hide with the group in Bang Khae, Bangkok. With a complete weapon, planned, planned, surrounded, searched, until being able to arrest him with the said drugs. Found, had a history involved in drugs since the age of 14 years, had been arrested, conducted 7 drug cases, but not scared, still circling with the drug gang as before. There is also a behavior possession of firearms. Fighting, so For prudence and reduce the loss of unexpected events Therefore have to plan to arrest with tightness Until finally being able to arrest According to the investigation, Mr. Kitti refused to claim that the gun used to threaten the police was just a toy gun, not a real weapon. But admitted that the methamphetamine of the confiscated As well as accepting that he is one of the members of the Palestinian gang or a large drug gang in the northeastern region Initially, he was delivered to Thungmon Police Station to proceed with the legal proceedings.
Children chase each other to extinguish 1 body.Milk bullet|Children chase each other to extinguish 1 body, hurt 2 people, unlucky pumps. Milk bullets (29 Dec 64) at 22.00 hrs. On 29 December, Police Lieutenant Phanomkorn Poolsawat, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation), Samae Dam Police Station, received notification of the mechanical students. Shooting, there were deaths and injured. In front of the gas station PTT Pak Soi Sakae Ngam 14, Samae Dam Subdistrict, Bang Khun Thian District Bangkok therefore went to inspect and ready. Pol.Lt.Gen. Pong Anan Khlai, Chief of Police Department 9, Investigation Department, SorBorKor. 9, Forensic Medicine, Siriraj Hospital and Ruamkanyu Foundation Rescue Unit at the accident in front of the gas station. Officials found Drops of blood droplets There are 3 injured people being taken to the nearby hospital. Previously, there were 1 who died while delivering to PMG Hospital. Knowing the name is Mr. Phummek, 20 years old, was unknown by the bullet. Size in the chest 1 shot. There are 2 injured. Mr. Kim Win, 30 years old, Myanmar pump. Being unknown by a candy Through the left behind the shoulder Was brought to Bang Pakok Hospital, 8 people. The second name Mr. Patcharapol is not yet known. Was shot in the stomach, brought to Nakhon Thon Hospital to investigate Mr. Tathai (Reserved surname), 20 years old, witnesses who saw the incident that He worked as a mechanic for the garage not far before the incident. There were 2 vocational students who knew later that Samut Sakhon Technical College And more than 10 Krung Thon technology uses a motorcycle as a vehicle to shoot along Sakae Ngam Road, heading to Rama 2 before the person falls down at the mouth of Soi Sakae Ngam 14, then the event is more chaotic. When there are many more loud firearms Resulting in deaths And the crossfire was injured Pol.Lt.Gen. Pongsanan Ordered the investigation department of Samae Dam Police Station and the SorBorKor. Kor Kor. 9, accelerating the trace of CCTV to find the origin of the shooting. Before coordinating the inquiry official Traveled to inspect the body of the deceased And interrogating the injured To specify the party and follow the gunmen to proceed according to the law.
The spouses are rich and unusual.Like to hit high betsPolice followed with 636,000 methamphetamine tablets.|The spouses like to hit the chickens, high bets in hundreds of thousands. Build a big house without a clear career. Unusually rich In fact, the amphetamines were sent to the Lao merchant (30 Dec 64) at 10:00 am in front of the Roi Et Province Building, Mr. Phu Somchit, the governor of Roi Et Province. Together with the police and ISOC announced the arrest of drugs Mobilize the New Year's Eve festival to welcome the new year. Arrest of important traders, 2 suspects, Mr. Samrueang, 34 years old, Salphum District, Roi Et Province, Ms. Sansanee, 34 years old, Pho Chai District, Roi Et Province, with 636,000 methamphetamine, 2 mobile phones Confiscated about 2 car offenses, total value of approximately 1,600,000 baht. Police Pairoj Mangkla, Ph.D., Roi Et Province Said that the circumstances in the arrest before the incident, the investigation team learned that Mr. Samueang and Ms. Sansanee, Ban Non Sa -at, Village No. 8, Akkam Subdistrict, Pho Chai District, Roi Et Province, has a behavior from the owner of the Lao Metha At the guesthouse In order to deliver to the network, which is the customer of the amphetamine at the point and places According to the order of the amphetamine owner In the area of Roi Et Province, Kalasin Province, and the area has been investigated until 29 December 64 at 17.00 hrs. Was informed by the spy that the owner of the Lao methamphetamine brought amphetamine to the accused. Second, at Wat Pa Ban Akkham, Akka Kham Subdistrict, Pho Chai District, Roi Et Province, therefore, did not check the accused at the residence. Therefore followed up until found both of them, found that there was a contact with the Lao methamphetamine network Ask the two suspects to receive a methamphetamine to keep at the chicken coop opposite their house to wait to deliver to the real network. Therefore found 636,000 methamphetamine pills, then detained at the police station in Roi Et Province In order to expand the relevant network results. Col. Sompara Mutaporn, the director of the Roi Et Province, revealed that from the investigation, Mr. Samueang and his wife Confessed to receive methamphetamine from Laos merchants in Mukdahan, which will be sent to retail vendors in Roi Et and Kalasin provinces Which will receive a wage of 1,000 baht per tie. If the drug can be delivered a total of 318 tiers, will receive a wage of 318,000 baht. Investigation of history, found that Mr. Samrueang used to be punished in the drug trafficking case, just released 2 years ago. Reported the allegations to the two suspects on the charge of "together with the type 1 drug (methamphetamine or methamphetamine) in possession for illegal distribution and trying to sell." Delivered to the investigation officer of Pho Chai Police Station to prosecute according to the law.
Leave the male teacher, obscene, 11 -year -old boy, older sister.|The 57 -year -old teacher traveled to acknowledge the allegations. After the 11 -year -old father, reported his child in a teacher's bathroom. The older sister of the lives of live followed to insult the house from the case of a teacher and a religious leader in Satun province, bringing a 11 -year -old male student to do indecent in the teacher bathroom at the school. Until the older sister was not happy with the live. The 57 -year -old man traveled to surrender. Police Lieutenant Colonel Wirat Sukthon, Deputy Director of Investigation, Muang Satun Police Station, the owner of the case to acknowledge the allegations by the inquiry officials reported the charges. Leading to children under the age of 15 years from parents, parents who care without reason And obscene, children under the age of 15 years, the accused denied throughout the charges. After reporting the allegations of the inquiry office, the court continued to be imprisoned to the court. Mr. Nakornwan Lemm, the secretary of the mosque, in which the teacher was the Imam, said that the community mosque committee and those involved in the community have discussed. To find a way out with the incident, which concluded that Imam Yamatti, Imam at the mosque in the community immediately And resting the position of the school headmaster Because this school will teach about religion With children sitting and studying In which he will bring the book to acknowledge by themselves. For the said teacher, it is considered as the community that the community admits to being a good person, used to do activities for many communities, such as organizing the Running Cabinet and many other activities that make the community This developed the incident, causing the people in the community to be shocked. And some people ask the teacher to clarify the said matter Which the committee Will make a letter sent to the Islamic Committee of Satun Province. Today's lonely There is only one grade 6 students coming to study. As for other rooms, study online at home
The end of the year, the father saw Kata -in -law invaded his daughter to extinguish the house.Before fleeing to shoot himself|The husband did not accomplish his wife. Using firearms to invade the father -in -law's house While eating a new year with friends Before running away to shoot himself according to the reporter reported that today (30 Dec) at approximately 00.30 hrs., Kranuan police station, Khon Kaen Province was informed by Mrs. Somkid Chanthawong, the village headman of Ban Non Somboon, Huai Subdistrict Rubber, Kranuan District, Khon Kaen Province, there is a reason to use firearms, causing deaths. Inside a house where the scene was a one -story house. Inside the bedroom found blood stains. In which the person who was shot, relatives brought to the hospital But died on the way because it was shot by a firearm into the temples Knowing the name later, Miss Sirirat, 20 years old, while the culprit ran away to the end of the village. Before using the same firearm to shoot suicide Knowing the name later, Mr Theerawat, 23, from the inquiry, Mr. Boon, the father of Ms Sirirat, said that her daughter has married Mr Theerawat, son -in -law for about 1 year. People went to work in Chonburi, but both of them had a violent argument. Until he had to go to help talk. Later, Mr Theerapat returned to help himself in Khon Kaen province until his daughter returned home on December 28, 64. After that, in the afternoon, son -in -law Of their own, then came out to meet at the restaurant Before the son -in -law uses the power to turn the firearm to be reconciled Therefore causing the daughter to agree and promise to reconcile In which the son -in -law released his daughter back to the house While the daughter was eating a new year with 7 friends in front of the son -in -law I said that tomorrow to come and talk to reconcile. But the son -in -law refused before using the gun to shoot in the sky Causing everyone to run into the house, including their own daughter, then the son -in -law followed into the house before breaking the door Go inside his daughter's room The daughter asked the son -in -law that "Why did you do this?" Then the son -in -law fired a bullet into his daughter's head. The body went down to the bed. Before the son -in -law rushed away After that, he hurried to take the child to the hospital, but the child died on the way later that His own son -in -law ran away to the end of the village. Before using the gun to shoot himself
Collecting a young robbery, gold shop, Rayong province, claiming to make money to replace their parents|Police, robbery, robbery, gold shop, Mae Charin 4, Ban Chang District, Rayong Province, claiming to owe a gambling debt Make money to ordain instead. Parents from the case of a criminal caused a short pistol. The robbery of Mae Charin gold shop 4, Ban Chang District, Rayong Province, worth about 130,000 baht after the motorcycle fled on December 28, 64. Gen. Suwat Chaeng Yodsuk, Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, ordered Maj. Gen. Thiti Saengsang, Commander in Chief 2, Pol. Maj. The Thirattham Suthee, Commander in Chief of the Police Station 2 and Pol.Lt.Gen. Bringing the police officers of the Police Station 2, Rayong Police Station and Ban Chang Police Station, Rayong Province, investigating the criminal as soon as possible. Since it was a criminal and shocking people on December 30, 64, the police officer arrested Mr Nopphun, 34, the accused under the arrest warrant of Rayong, 283/2564 dated 29 December 2021, with arresting. In the area of Wisit Subdistrict, Muang District, Bueng Kan Province, with cash from the robbery of 4,800 baht (from 15,000 baht), a white Chevrolet pickup truck, registration of 4683 Rayong, 1 vehicle, motorcycle Yamaha Mio 125, white, blue, blue, registration, probably 365 Rayong accused of robbery, with weapons or weapons using vehicles for facilitating the offense and take that property or to escape the arrest. And with firearms and ammunition in the possession. Initially, the accused confessed that the robbery in this case was actually With a 1 baht gold necklace, 4 lines and 1 short pistol. 38 size. He threw the gun on the side of the road. Because his wife called that the police followed As for the robbery of 15,000 baht, spends during the escape amount of 4,800 baht, which the accused claimed to do the said because he wanted the money to pay the debt of colleagues. And owe the gamecock gambling As well as bringing the money to the ordination ceremony at the parents' house in Korat province. Pol. Maj. Gen. Theeradej Thammasuthar, Commander in Chief of the Police Station 2, said that this case is an outrageous case. The police investigated the criminal quickly. From the CCTV according to the project Smart Safety Zone 4.0 is a policy of Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, Commander in Chief and Pol.Lt.Gen. Thiti Saengsang, Commander in Chief 2, therefore organized many police officers in the police station 2. Follow the criminal Until able to arrest this time
Break!Invade the gambling gambling, surrounded by the cemetery in the cemetery.|Invasion of the gambling gambling play in the cemetery The band broke away, but caught 12 people. Found another 98 amphetamine. Emergency Decree, reporters reported that yesterday (31 Dec) at 16.30 hrs. Mr. Pongrat Phiromrat, Ubon Ratchathani Governor Received complaints from the villagers in the area that there are illegal gambling (waving premiums) at the public cemetery. To the west, Ban Kheng Temple, Village No. 4, Si Suk Subdistrict, Khueang Nai District Ubon Ratchathani Province then ordered the Ubon Ratchathani Provincial Administrative Authority Operation Set by Mr. Thep Sirin Imjai, Defense Ubon Ratchathani Province. Along with Mr. Uthai Iamsri, Commander in Chief of the Ubon Ratchathani Province, Mr. Wirakit Singthong, Deputy Commander in Chief of Ubon Ratchathani Bringing 10 members of the Territory Volunteer Division to inspect the area where the complaint was found. Many gamblers were surrounded by gambling (waving premiums). When the gambling gamblers knew that they were shocked by the staff, they ran away. The officers were able to arrest 12 people, 4 men, 8 women, together with a tamarind seed, 4 hemisphere. 1 book used to play, 1 cover, the officer reported the charges together with those who fled the gambling (waving premiums) gambling, taking assets illegally. And gathering or mingling each other at any place that is violated Emergency Decree in Emergency Situation 2005. In addition Officials have seized 98 methamphetamine into the area. Therefore brought the accused together with the goods to the investigation officer of Kueang Police Station in Ubon Ratchathani Province Proceed with legal proceedings
Collecting stepfather, raped a woman, 11 years, repeatedly, mother, take the child to escape, do not take to check the body|Collecting stepfather, raped a 11 -year -old girl Claiming to be afraid of being attacked by her husband on January 1, 2022 at the Provincial Police Headquarters Region 1 (Bor.Por.Por. 1), Pol.Lt.Gen. S.T., along with the funeral operations, NGO, and the Police Department 1 joined a press conference to arrest the stepfather rape, the 11 -year -old stepmother and the real mother who helped to escape. By arresting at Phu Thap Berk Viewpoint, Lom Kao District, Phetchabun Province, on December 31, 2021 at 18.00 hrs. Said that this case occurred on the afternoon of December 26, 2021 by Mr. Kanung, 35 years old, who is a stepfather. Came to pick up Miss B (a fictional name), 11 years old at the home of the true father of Miss B, claiming to take to buy snacks Normally, the stepfather and mother of the child will come to receive Miss B. For 1-2 times a month. On that day, the stepfather brought it at 16.00 hrs. But the girl had abnormal symptoms. The relatives then contacted the mother to take care of the child. Before the morning of December 27, 2021, came to pick up the child Claiming to take a physical examination at the hospital But cannot contact again As a result, the girl was not inspected by the abuse. Later, the real father of the child reported to the inquiry official. Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Police Station To prosecute Mr. Kanung (stepfather) and ex -wife after the investigation team of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Police Station Requesting the court to issue an arrest warrant for both the accused by Mr. Kanung Was issued an arrest warrant for offenses "Leading to children not over fifteen years of age for indecency, even if he agreed Which is an act against a child not over thirteen years old. "As for Ms. C, was issued an arrest warrant for" taking away children under the age of fifteen years from parents or carers without reasonable causes to help others. Must be punished or less punished Damage, damage, hidden, lost or useless, which the evidence in the offense of helping others who committed an offense or the accused of committing an offense is not a penalty to not be punished by hiding or by helping the person in order not to be correct. Arrest, "Col. Chaiya continued that the scene will not be far from the house. Due to the time that the child disappeared for 3-4 hours and the child testified that it looks like a side of the road In which the police are in the process of checking the scene clearly In order to assemble the case Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet said that the initial autopsy, Miss B found a trace of the actual abuse. At this time, children are sent to the supervision of the Social Development and Human Security Office. Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province Initially, Mr. Khan gave the sector by accepting that he took the child to actually. But not raped Which the police confirmed that it was not a problem Due to confidence in forensic evidence, will be able to condone the accused And the mother of the child And from the history of Mr. Kanung's history Had been arrested for burglary Just released the punishment for the year. Ms. C., the mother of the child, confessed that the child escaped because of being intimidated to attack. While the multidisciplinary revealed that the mental state of the child Still in shock, fear, while the girl has a better mental state Still under the care of the DMD, which the child is ready for relatives to visit As for the return of the child The body must be assessed. It takes 6 months to 1 year depending on the mental state of the child as well. As for the mother of the child after being punished Expected to not be able to take care of the child again
Gathering two girls hired to open a bank accountLet the romantic gang tricked the victim to transfer money|The police investigated the two girls of the bank account. Romantic Gang, Crime Suppression Division Central Police Headquarters Jointly arrest Mr. Chon Gun, 33 years old, accused of fraud Which has an arrest warrant from Chonburi Provincial Court And Chaiyaphum Provincial Court By arresting in front of a condo In the area of South Pattaya, Bang Lamung District, Chon Buri Province, due to Mr. Chon Kant Contracting the bank account for Miss Fon Friends of the accused who have worked together Later, the victim reported to the police. That was deceived by a romantic gang to transfer money to the bank account, which is the name of Mr. Chon Gun The officer then investigated. And finally followed up and arrested from the history inspection, found that This accused Have a history of addiction And have behavior like stealing things in various rooms By requesting to rent a room Then rely on the moment that there is no one to take out the furniture in the room After that, the accused was sent. Investigation officers in Samet Police Station, Chon Buri Province, prosecuted according to the law.
Husband, cruelty, stompingResentment is an affair with colleagues.Seeing a harrowing picture, kissing each other, soulful|Husband, cruelty, stomping Claiming resentment with a colleague Came to celebrate the new year in the room, but when the husband accidentally kissed each other, soulful (2 Jan 64) at 18.00 hrs., Khlong Kio police officer inspected the scene and detained Mr Mau Seomin Tan, 40 years old, Myanmar, after acting on the scene of the assault, Ms. Say Marry, 30 years old, the same national girlfriend. Was taken to Ban Bueng Hospital, but due to severe symptoms being sent to Chonburi Hospital Basic symptoms, cracked skulls Bleeding in the abdomen, low pressure, fast pulse Put in the respiratory pipe and CPR. Until returning to the pulse Coordinating to pass on Chonburi Hospital First, pick up at Chon Buri Hospital, the heart stops beating again. Doctors do CPR until there is a pulse, but the symptoms are not good, low pressure after death. Chon Buri Hospital, from the inquiry, Mr. Mau Seo Miwat, who has caused the incident to tell the incident through the interpreter that On the night of January 1 ago I and the deceased are the wife and friends who have worked in the same place for only 2 months to sit and drink in their own room. Inside the rental room is not named in the area of Village No. 9, Khlong Kio Subdistrict, Ban Bueng District, Chon Buri Province while drinking. I feel a stomach ache. And asked to go to the bathroom behind the house After the personal errands got up In order to wear the pants, look through the brick's window, see his wife and new friends, just know each other, kissing the mouth, soulful. Both of them think they do not see. Then walked out of the bathroom and told the man to return to the accommodation. When he saw that he was free, he asked his wife why he did this. But the other person did not respond, silence, then became angry, then used his hands and feet, both kicking and punching many times And used my hand to peck my head to the ground many times before the wife was centered Therefore carried his wife to sleep with the mattress in the next room and hurried to ask for help from the store After relying on the chaos I didn't think that he would die. And unexpectedly that the beloved wife who has children together will let the heart secretly have a heart for colleagues who have just known for just 2 months, so the anger, the hand of the 36 -year -old Miss Wassana, who is volunteer Rescue and was the first person to help. Hearing the same voice, both of them were quarreling from 8:30 am before the sound disappeared until someone followed to help the injured. With an interpreter saying that the motorcycle accident fell But because of the wounds repeatedly, the head cracked in many places, I think that it should not use a car accident. Inspect the injured, stimulated not to prevent Soft pulse Therefore called the ambulance to pick up to the preliminary treatment.
Pattaya boiling the gang to take care of the entertainment venue against benefits.Clear, not perfect, piercing each other.|At 22.00 hrs. On January 2, 20, 2562, Pol.Col. Notified that someone was stabbed by a sharp object Injured The incident occurred within the famous entertainment center. Within Soi Buakhao, South Pattaya, Nong Prue Subdistrict, Bang Lamung District, Chon Buri Province, after being notified, along with the district police officers Sawang Boriboon Rescue Officer, the city of Pattaya, hurried to investigate the incident, found the injured named Mr. Narak, 54 years old, was seriously injured. Being stabbed by a sharp belongings There are a lot of blood flowing. Rescue personnel Heart pump for life Before urgent moving to the hospital But the injured cannot endure the wounds. Therefore died later As for the other two injured, they escaped. Went to ask for help to the hospital earlier and then inquired from the witness that he was looking for the person who was infected In front of the Pattaya Beach entertainment venue Saw 7-8 bodies of able-bodied men in the midst of many tourists But the injured ran away Even missed Causing the group of enemy to chase after kicking into the face, stomping repeatedly and then using sharp objects to put in the chest Until lying still After the incident, he ran away quickly and disappeared. Later, it was revealed by the entertainment entrepreneur that Both groups are market administrators. Over a hundred beer bars entertainment venues Both groups have made an appointment to clear the problem. Self chased away Do not have this area. And told me to gradually speak But both groups were attacked Grabbed a knife to stab the store After notifying the officers in the said inspection Police Colonel Krirkrit Saiwan, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Pattaya Along with the inquiry official Investigation police officers Enter the surrounding witness examination area at the scene of the incident. And along the way of the incident and escape In order to follow all the groups of people to proceed with the law. However, the news also reported that Before the incident, only less than 20 minutes, some administrative officials Police officers in Pattaya City Public Health Officer Check the measures before entering the service place. The scene of the incident But when the officers were in the back Instead, the shocking scene with tourists Considered to destroy the image A lot of tourist cities
The most depressing 6 -year -old child in the car for a year until he died.Mother-stepfatherClaiming the child being hauntedThe villagers are suspicious.|This morning, Channel 3 reported a tragic story after this (2 Jan 65), Police Lieutenant Colonel Watcharinthon. Kaew Charm in the police at Laem Ngob Police Station, Trat province, was notified of the deaths in the car. At Ban Laem Thong Lang in the area of Village No. 5, Laem Ngob Subdistrict, Laem Ngob District, Trat Province. The 6 -year -old Lightning boy, who was the son of the incident, found a bronze Honda Civic car, with the villagers giving information that The child died in the car. Before the officer arrived Mr. Panya, a stepfather Carrying the body of the lightning into the house from the preliminary examination It is expected that the child has died for about 4-5 hours. On the body, there are bruises. Died with a clue Therefore sent the body to the forensic examination thoroughly. Later, the police invited him. Mother and stepfather went to interrogate more. To find the cause of the death of the child But both do not allow any testimony And still showing dissatisfaction with the staff Including the media Refusing to give any cooperation by Mr. Panya claiming that The lightning was ghosts. With twitching, squeezing, and complaining that the back pain Can't sleep in the house He and his wife had to take him to sleep in the car. And sleeping like this for years Do not leave the car after 9 o'clock in the morning according to belief. Later, she began to have an arms, wrying his head, green face, with wounds all the time. On the day that the younger died I asked to go to sleep in the car during the day. Which he doesn't mind Until midnight Nong Light Fah said that he wanted to eat crab. He then went out to scoop the crab. But when he returned home in the morning Found that the lightning had died in the car Villagers provide interesting information that Mrs. Narinrat Mother of Lightning Come to live with Mr. Panya, who is a new husband since the younger lightning is young Before they had 1 new child, but after about 1 year ago, the villagers encountered the wrong story because this couple liked the lightning to sleep in the car every night, claiming that the younger was done to you. occult Being ghosts in the case Police officers have not set allegations of both the mother. And stepfather in any way Have to wait for the official examination results, while Col. Somchai Yoo Sawatrong The police chief of Trat said that the child's body's condition has bruises on the body, skulls, broken limbs, and the internal organs are under investigation again.
The stepfather confessed to hit the 6 -year -old child, leaving in the car until he died.Claiming black magic|The brutal stepfather confessed to hit the 6 -year -old child until unconscious before leaving in the car until he died. Claiming the child being haunted to sleep in the car (3 Jan 65) Maj. Gen. Pakorn Manee Pakorn, Ph.D. The 6 -year -old boy who died in a car. And found that the body has signs of being attacked. Recently, Mr. Panya, stepfather, accepted the confession After the police interrogated for almost 4 hours by Mr. Panya and Mrs. Narinrat, the mother confessed that Before midnight, on January 2, Mr. Panya was the one who attacked the stepson until unconscious and brought the body into a sedan. Then dawn Mrs. Narinrat, mother, came to see her son, found that he had died. Therefore informed the village headman and police officers to inspect by Mr Panya Confessed that she was the only one who was not related to Mrs. Narinrat By using a hand to slap And hit the head with wood until unconscious There is a wound on the head and limbs. Before putting it in the said sedan, the cause of attack Because Mr. Panya is addicted to drugs and children crying loudly Therefore attacking Before creating a story that is a superstition
Taxi shockedPassengers use knives to cut their necks-pierce themselves on the car.Claiming to escape the wife with GPS|Young used a knife to peel the fruit and stab himself in the taxi. Severely shocked. "The person who hurts is the elder." Reporters reported that today (4 Jan) at 02.30 hrs. Police Colonel Chaiyut Natthaphong, Sarawat Investigation, Bang Phli Police Station, Samut Prakan Province. Was notified of a man using a knife to pierce himself in a taxi, seriously injured In the middle of the red light intersection, Khlong Dig, heading to Bang Phli, Bang Phli Yai Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province. Registration number 6303 Bangkok Parked in the door beside the driver open Inside the car, the injured body was sitting in the back seat. The left -sided man named Mr. Somporn, 38, sitting in a rival, rolled in a red blood condition, flooded with wounds in the neck, wound by a knife as a wound. And under the left milk And the abdomen, a total of 3 wounds. Severe symptoms. Rescuers have accelerated to help before delivering to Chularat Suvarnabhumi Hospital. At the floor of the car, found a knife of a fruit of about 4 inches long, stained with blood, 2 books, so it was kept as evidence. From the inquiry, Mr. Chalermchai, 51, a taxi driver, said that before the incident he received the man from the mouth of Soi Pracha Uthit 76, the man said to take the expressway to Bang Na. But he was surprised that at first told him to go up the Quick Kanchana at Rama 2 and told him to come down during the three -headed elephant, but he saw the police car on the expressway. So he told him to get down on the grandfather's road. So he went down at Pu Chao Samingphrai, but when it came to 4 intersections that will be issued in Sukhumvit He turned to the Ordnance and told him to send to Central Bangna, but when he arrived he told him to drive straight until almost Bangsaen. And told him to press the meter one round And he pressed again. He began to worry that the man would not have money to pay himself because of this far. But the man said that he had and sent an ATM card to him to press the money himself. Which he said that he would not get out of the car So he went to press the balance. I found that on the said card there was no money at all as the center of the baht. He already thought that he would not have money. At that time he had not yet taken the knife to show. So he finds a U -turn while driving back. Are you not sorry for you? You have to make a living. The said man told him to stop at the convenience store and will transfer money by phone. When he parked, he said that he had driven out. And allowed him to drive to Sukhumvit 62 and told him to turn left and heard the sound of 2 knives He looked through the back mirror, found that it was a knife. Causing him to not dare to chase the said man out of the car Which he intends to find a red light intersection with a lot of people And will turn off the engine and hurry to escape when driving to Si Thepha junction Saw that there were 2 staff members, so did not dare to park But when driving to the color intersection, there are many red -light cars So he parked the engine and opened the door to escape from the side of the car that was parked in a red light. So he ran across to the other side, with 2 younger people parked a red motorcycle. He helped to call the police, which the man refused to get out of the car. He did not dare to go in, but stood and looked at the opposite side. Until the officer came, he walked in to see with the staff, so he knew that the man stabbed himself "It's very scary. His younger brother came to say that if he had a little more The person who hurts is the elder. "The man said that the quarrel with his wife used the GPS as he began to suspect. Therefore informed the doctor to find a drug in the body as well As evidence of legal proceedings
#The child died in a real mother's car too!Join to attack Nong Fah-Police detained and made a plan.|The police detained the true mother of Lightning, making the plan after confessing to attack the child. The villagers revealed that the children were regularly beaten until the case of Mr. Panya, the stepfather beat the younger, the 6 -year -old child, who was a stepfather. Before putting the body into the car until death, the latest progress (4 Jan 65) last night (3 Jan 65), the police at Laem Ngob Police Station, Trat province, brought Mrs. Narinrat The mother of Lightning went to make a confession plan. After admitting that he was a child By using a reporter to try to inquire about the story of this cover But many villagers do not answer questions By claiming to be afraid because Mr. Panya is a relative of the former director of Laem Ngob Police Station And former mayor of Laem Ngob Subdistrict Municipality, while Mr Panya's mother Also refused to provide information to the media as well. There was a village told me that Children tend to be attacked until the face is swollen and green. Most of them are attacked at night. And chased to sleep in the car In the middle of the day, the children will go out and play with friends in the community, but in the latter, the lightning has a depression, not cheerful and walking around. The arms are almost unusable. Villagers who see pity will help buy some snacks. Give some money, the report states that At this time, Mrs. Narinrat Was detained in Laem Ngob Police Station to wait for the court to deposit in the prosecution at the same time With Mr. Panya If there is progress Will continue to report
2 days, 2 bodies, police shot in the flawPhayathai-Phahonyothin Police StationStill do not know the cause|2 days 2 bodies, police station Phayathai-Phahonyothin Police Station Shot in the flash Still do not know the reasons for this (3 January) at 16.30 hrs. News reports that The traffic police officer occurred. Using a firearm to shoot himself, injured Inside the room on the 3rd floor on the 2 police officer flats. According to the inspection in the bedroom, found the body of S. Sirisak, Commander in Chief of the Phayathai Police Station. Half -piece khaki long pants, wounds were shot in the right temple. There are a lot of blood flowing. Close to each other, found a firearm of the brand, the brand fell into the staff, so the staff quickly brought him to the hospital for the doctor to do the treatment as an urgent. Phayathai, along with Pol.Col. Suwan Rueangsri, Deputy Director of the Police Station (investigation), Phayathai Police Station, the Central Proof Division (OBEC), inspected the scene. The injured person was able to perform their duties as usual. When returning from performing duties, he returned to stay in the room. And asked to enter the bedroom In which the room Have a wife and children sitting watching TV Then the gunshot became louder 1 shot. Initially, it is assumed to be a personal matter. But has not cut any issues. After this, the inquiry official will call for a relative interrogation. And those involved in detail again To find true motivation Before the conclusion of this case later at 11.00 hrs. Mr. Ad, 67 years old, the father of S. Sirisak Traveled to the police station in Phayathai police station to wait for the body of S. Sirisak as well. At around 01.00 hrs. I was shocked. I didn't think my son would commit suicide like this. Personally, I didn't meet my son because I was separated with my son's mother. Since the son is still young The latest met at the beginning of the year 64, the son went to find the house. Come to apologize for being so small that he has never taken care of his father. In the past The son will only live with his mother. And he never knew what his son had Today, I intend to wait for my son to travel to bring the body to perform merit at his mother's house in Yasothon. Most recently (4 Jan 65), Phahonyothin Police Station, along with the OBEC inspecting the deceased. Inside the flat 05, Building 4, Floor 2, Soi Vibhavadi 40/1, Chatuchak District. Sen. Apiwat, 28 years old, the position of commander of the Royal Thai Army. The condition of removing the shirt wearing black shorts Close to each other, found a 9 mm gun gun beside the body. Pol.Gen. Phatthanapong Chukun under the Division of Terrorism revealed that the deceased was friends with him. While he was going to work Stopped by knocking on the door of the room to wake up Because the deceased was alone but without a response He leverage the glass lounge to open the door, found that sleeping died, therefore informing the Phahonyothin police station and the relevant agencies to inspect. As for the details, he did not know what the life was killed after this. Asam Ruam Ruam Gratitude will bring the body Went to autopsy at the National Forensic Service, Police Hospital To find the true cause
Surrender 3 hands, stabbing "Ae Marine", boxerHeavy penalty|Surrender 3 hands. Claiming to be resentful, insulting the parents (4 Jan 65). In the case of a group of able -bodied men attacking Mr. Narak Pongsungnern, 54 years old, or Ae Marine, a former boxer, showing death, officials issued 3 arrest warrants, namely Mr. Ayukkhi Phon, 32 years old, Mr. Niphon Surakong, 24 years old and Mr. Niwat Prakong, 50 years old, charged with killing others Together to hurt the body to the point that the villain is seriously harmed And jointly bring weapons to the city, village or public way without reasonable cause Which Mr. Niwat Gave surrender earlier Most recently, the remaining 2 suspects, Mr. Boy and Mr. Niphon, surrendered last night, the progress on 4 January 65, Col. Kulchakulchai, Director of Muang Police Station. Pattaya revealed that for this case, there are 3 suspects, namely Mr. Niphon Prakong, 24 years old. And the person who is the boss, Mr. Boy Sukki Phon, 32 years old, with the officer able to arrest Mr Niwat first yesterday And pushed until the remaining 2 suspects surrendered in the middle of the night last night From the interrogation in the investigation of the accused, Mr. Boy confessed to be a real bet. But in the idiom, all denied that Is self -defense As for the cause because The injured side or the deceased There was a challenge to hurt Mr. Boy's parents, so they made an appointment to clear and assaulted each other. Mr Boy then returned and returned again with a knife and a knife until the chaos occurred. Resulting in the injured and killed in the issue of the group of the accused Or the group of the deceased Is an influence in that area Think that it is not an influence Because both groups have their own shops or bars in the Tree Town Market May have had problems with the competition for customers. And the owner of the bar or the owner of the old restaurant Makes it rarely But the cause of the story Caused by the challenge of insulting the parents. After the accused surrendered Interrogating all the accused and reported 3 charges together to kill the person with the intentions, jointly attacking the body. And have a knife weapon in possession Which charged together to kill the dead Is a heavy charge with the death penalty In which all the accused denied all the above And refused to make a confession plan. However, officials opposed the bail And will be sent to the court today
The criminal holds a knife to invade the teacher room in broad daylight.Punching the stomach, hoping to rapeSurvived because of the good|The criminal holds a knife to invade the female teacher's room. Punching the stomach, hoping to rape Survived because of using witty, secretly calling people to help (4 Jan 65) at 14.50 hrs. Police Colonel Boonchu Misri, Deputy Director of the Por. (Investigation), Dan Sai Police Station Informing the criminals into the room without name Hurt and hope to rape the teacher In the area of the Bodhi Tree, Dan Sai District, Dan Sai District, when receiving notification to the investigation team Going to the area to the scene of the incident as a room, found Miss Fah (named a hypothetical), 28 years old, a school teacher in Dan Sai District. Along with a friend standing waiting to meet until the police officer and pointing to the room where the criminal invaded, hoping to rape, and the villain is a man aged 35-40 years. Wear long -sleeved shirts Long -sleeved jeans Escaped into the motorcycle, Yamaha model, Mee Oh, unknown color and registration CCTV can capture the criminal. Miss Fah (name is fictional) says that he is a teacher in a school in Dan Sai District at 14.50 hrs. Sitting in the room alone. A man aged 35-40 years old, wearing a mask into the room Then took the cutter knife to not cry Then come to sit at the mattress I tried to hide my phone and call people to help. Then try to push yourself to sleep with futs Trying to compose the criminals calm down. Only one cutter knife And the girlfriend is also a police officer Then the criminal covered his hand and punching the body and his belly 5-6 times until the cork and said that he could ask until the criminal knew that they were trying to call the help. Hurried to pick up his own mobile phone, ran away from the room And throwing a mobile phone onto the floor, getting on the motorcycle parked in front of the dormitory to escape After that, he shouted to people to help. CCTV can capture the criminal, while the investigation set has entered the area to inspect the escape route and find a closed circuit camera. In order to follow up and prosecute
Hunt for the security guard. Condo side.Catch the handcuffs-rape|Hunt for the security leader. Condo invaded the residents. Personally intimidated and raped Found a history, there is a case of molesting children Just punished in the year 2017 on January 4, at 01.50 hrs. While Capt. Thongchai Thepcharoen, Deputy Police Station, Petchkasem Perform duties Was informed by the radio center through the sky, there was a rape At this time, the accused is still in the room where the incident The incident occurred at a condominium, Petchkasem Road, Subdistrict and Bang Khae District. Bangkok, Police Lieutenant Colonel Thongchai Calling all the patrol lines, hurry to inspect, take less than 5 minutes. The incident found the victim. Knowing the name of Miss Noi (assumed name), 36 years old, the victim stood crying, trembling. Waiting to report with a panic After returning from doing errands outside the house I'm about to enter the room on the 7th floor but can't enter because I accidentally forgot the key in the room. Therefore came down to the ground floor at the security guard's fort, according to Mr. Montri, aged about 40 years, head of the condo security guard To help open the room door But can't open, so call the locksmith to help open after opening the door Mr Montri has sent the lift to send the locksmith. After a while he heard the knock on the door. When opening to see Mr. Montri Looks like some drunken people Pushed himself into the room until losing the door and locking the door, then using his handcuffs quickly until the fight Threatening not to cry Tried to begged but was not effective Mr Montri has raped successfully 1 time before solving the handcuffs and accidentally sleeps in order to rape again. He snatched the rhythm, hurriedly put on the clothes, ran down to the ground floor, calling the incident. 191, after being notified of the 6 patrol officer, trying to go up to inspect the scene of the incident. And arrest the criminal, but the law department, building and security of this condominium does not cooperate Not allowing to go up Even providing information that The culprit is the leader of the security guard. But allowing to see the monitor image from the CCTV for almost 2 hours, making it possible to know that after the construction of the Montri has entered the elevator And put the handcuffs used to put the incident in the plastic bag to the side of the bathroom on the ground floor When he went to inspect the room, Mr. Montri in Soi Petchkasem 47 did not find the investigative coordinator. But did not find the next one. The inquiry official sent to check the rape traces at Siriraj Hospital. And made an appointment to meet the female inquiry official To interrogate thoroughly again In order to gather evidence of the court to approve the arrest warrant for the Chief of Staff. According to the history inspection, Mr. Montri found that he had to rape the girl under the age of 15 in Sa Kaeo province in 2013, just released in 2017 and then caused the incident again.
The security guards after the head of the rape, the young house also sent a message.Told to do because of love|Progress in the case of the leader of the security guard raped the girl The security guard at the night of the incident Revealed after the incident, the boss also sent a message to be resentful instead of the victim. Like to take food and water always from the case of a 36 -year -old woman being approximately 40 years old, the leader of the hospital, Condominium, Petchkasem Road, and Bang Khae District, Bangkok, invaded the room. Catch handcuffs Before rape After the incident, the culprit had fled. Although the police arrived at the scene after receiving the latest 5 minutes (5 Dec). Reporters reported that Mr Giang Kham, 57 years old, security guard at the fort in the condo on the night of the incident revealed that in That night he was stationed at the fort. At about 1 am, he knew that the head of the Montri brought the locksmith to open the room for the residents. When the locksmith returned The head of Montri then walked to talk to him before walking away at around 01.27 hrs. For a while, someone came to the condo. Informed that he was a relative and the residents in which the residents had just raped By relatives of the injured person As a policeman Which is in accordance with the regulations, if a third party will contact the security area where the fortress must notify and be approved by the security leader first, which the head of Montri did not accept He therefore cannot allow the relatives of the victims to enter the area. And just came to know later that the incident occurred The head of the Montri was the cause of the incident. After that night, after the police inspected Montri's bag, they found a handcuffs, tape, wires and knives, which were not equipment that must be carried for work. And he never knew that the head of the Montri had held these devices in the bag. When he knew that the head of Montri was the cause of the incident, he felt very angry and resentful. Because this victim's residents are kind Will always bring food to bring water to the security guard, which he sees that the victim is a benefactor The head of Montri should not do this. And if that night he knew that the incident occurred They will go up to help by themselves. Even if the small one will fight And will not forbid relatives to go up as well. That night, they were slapped by the injured relatives into the face. Due to being dissatisfied that he was discouraged from going up Which he did not hold a penalty for angry because he admitted that he was actually defective But the next morning, the head of Montri sent a message to him. Said that he was sorry for having to be slapped in the face and said that he had done because of love for the victim for a long time for the head of Montri He knew since working for about two years. Usually a person who likes to work, take advantage of subordinates Also used to say to him that he aimed at that woman's house In which he warned not to interfere with the residents, while the behavior of drug use He expected that the head of the Montri should actually use the drug. Because before the New Year's festival stopped Have borrowed another leader of 1,500 baht and during the past year, had symptoms similar to haunting Frustrated and said that he would resign.
Caught and the criminal invaded the dormitory to wrestle the young teacherDacking to find a braStealing from school|Caught and the criminal invaded the dormitory, hoping to wrestle the teacher but unsuccessful Dacking to find a lot of women's underwear Stealing from the teacher dormitory at the school at 11:30 am (5 Jan 65), police investigation, Dan Sai police station, Loei Province, can arrest the criminal. That walked into the dormitory Dan Sai Subdistrict Municipality, Dan Sai District, uses a knife, cutter, punching, and trying to rape the sky (assumed name), 28 years old, named Mr. Thammanoon, 29 years old, with Yamaha motorcycle and another woman's underwear. 1 bag while standing in front of the house Brought to interrogate at Dan Sai Police Station, with Col. Nathi Phatchirat Worachot, Director of Dan Sai Police Station Interrogating the criminal by himself from the interrogation The accused confessed that Is because of a short -term mood because of his wife At that time I walked to the room to ask well. Whether having a girlfriend or not Then use a knife to threaten not to sing As for the punch, I don't know how many times I punch. Didn't think that he would rape but would like to sleep as well. Until the victim cried, then ran away And took the phone out and throw it on the floor, then ride the motorcycle to escape, but the police still do not believe Because in the bags of the accused Found dozens of underwear and underwear that stolen officials until confessed that Before the incident went to the school teacher dormitory in Dan Sai Subdistrict Municipality Stealing the underwear and lifting the shape that is in front of the dormitory And met the female teacher, the owner of the dormitory, came to see and therefore quickly escaped After that, the incident at the dormitory in the Bodhi tree, Ban Nuea uses a knife, cutting the stomach and trying to rape the teacher. Then take to point the point of stealing underwear and lingerie at the dormitory in the school. At the same time, Teacher Fah came to Dan Sai police station to see the criminal. With relatives For the teacher too And brought the teacher Fah to interrogate. Police Colonel Nathi Phatchirat Worachot, Director of Dan Sai Police Station, revealed that since the incident, the investigation has entered the area. Follow from the CCTV and good citizens to report clues until they were able to arrest the accused at Ban Kaeng Krok, Kok Sathon Subdistrict, Dan Sai District, Loei Province. Within Sri Songrak Wittaya School And causing the incident at the Bodhi Tower at the same time And from the history of the history, it was found that he had just broke up with the Hmong wife for 3 days and had already committed a burglary. As for the notification Phor. Sor. In the process of interrogating the victims. Then interrogated the accused To report the allegations further
The NACC set up a prize of 1 million drug gangs.|The Secretary -General of the NACC set up a prize of 1 million baht to the clue. Drug dealer The shot of the police officer of Fang Police Station died. Announcement of the award for arresting 5 suspects from the shooting incident between the police. With drug dealers in Ban Luang Subdistrict, Mae Ai District, Chiang Mai Province, resulting in "Inspector of Ball", Pol.Col. Previously, the PorChor has supported 40 organic special operations, with 3 bullet protective vehicles to chase the criminals. The goal for the capture of the accused of an important drug case according to the arrest warrant, a total of 5 arrest warrants, 200,000 baht per prize, totaling 1,000,000 baht, which is 1. Mr. Anuchit Chantot, aged 34 years / 2. Mr. will be 43 years old. / 3. Mr. Jiyi will be 46 years old / 4. Mr. Chatupol Yaju, 26 years old / and 5. Mr. Chana or Chana, do not know the surname aged 40 years, all arrest warrant for an arrest. "Jointly kill the official who has complied with the duties, jointly trying to kill the official who has performed the duties, fighting against the arrest of the official in the operation according to the duties, together with the type 1 drug. Ta Mine) in possession for trade without permission With weapons or weapons, with firearms in possession without permission And bringing weapons to the city of the village without permission. "Ready to confirm to accelerate the arrest of criminals. To prevent this from occurring again If found, clues can be found at the NACC hotline, call 1386.
Niti enumerated the condo regulationsCounted for 2 hours until the security guard raped the residents|The juristic person distributed condo regulations. Counted for 2 hours until the security guard raped the residents There is no key card due to the case of Mr. Montri Yai Krathok, the security guard, causing a 36 -year -old female rape, residents in a condominium in the Thonburi side. According to the latest news presentation today (6 Jan 64), Mr. Rules Achan With lawyer Travel to meet Col. Visit Wattanaphong Phithak Director of Petchkasem Police Station To give evidence to show innocence In the event that social media accused the project to delay the time Resulting in the officers unable to arrest the criminal. Mr ruled that today he traveled to show their sincerity. Would like the police to receive evidence from the CCTV The other part is what the society will consider. Currently, the juristic person Of the condominium has contacted the victims and security companies since performing their duties Never had a problem in this way before. By the project regulations The locksmith can go up to the building. Security must coordinate with the mechanic of the building. But the accused brought the keys up to the building without coordinating with the technicians of the building Which is wrong in the project, usually at night The key card into the building is the security leader and the mechanic of the building. But cannot enter the residents' room in any way In the case that the residents lost the key There will be a coordination of external technicians that have been contacted. At this time, the victim has been contacted. And security companies But the victim is not ready to talk Which will urgently heal Also said that Confirm that it does not delay in any way. If looking at CCTV images The relatives of the victim traveled to the A building. But the incident at Building B Which does not take long As for the victims of the 3rd group That cannot enter the building because the security guard does not have a key card Because the mechanic of the building has brought the group 1 or more to the building. In the event that a third party comes to the building The owner of the room is already traveling to the building. In which the condo has the main income from the central fee Which is not enough to have staff to check the CCTV all the time.
Mother revealed the security leader called "to rape him" blame the victim "wearing Noi Noi"|From the case of Mr. Montri, 40 years old, the leader of the security guard, a condo in Bang Khae area Causing the incident to force the rape, a 36 -year -old girl in the condo room By the juristic person Do not cooperate with the police to arrest, claiming that there is no search warrant and in the night until the villains flee as the news was presented. News That reporters This morning's story list Traveled to the house of Mr. Montri in Wang Nam Yen District, Sa Kaeo Province, met with the mother of the 65 -year -old crime revealed that after the new year The son called to say that he would go home to ask for 1,500 baht. He could transfer to Sangha that his son looked flustered after the incident at about 9 o'clock on January 4. The son called to say that "He raped him." He asked why he raped him. He wears a little blanket and admitted that there was something with the victim of the young woman's house. After almost 5 o'clock in the evening of 4 January, the son took a bus to park in front of the house in Wang Nam Yen District, Sa Kaeo Province. He cried, saying, "I love you, you shouldn't do it." But the son didn't answer anything. Walked in to drink water in the house Sitting and eating together, he asked, "Why do you do it? The police will catch you too. I told you before doing something to keep your face with your face." The son admitted that "I was wrong. "Then he didn't say anything. Can only sit and eat, regret that the son went to cause the incident after eating, the son said to go out to find a friend named Mr Peng Then rode a motorcycle out of the house Don't come back home again I consulted with relatives. If the son contacted, he would spread to surrender by buying underwear for his son. Because if he was arrested, he would put it on at noon yesterday (5 Jan). He called his son. Can still contact each other, so say, "How to surrender, you won't survive. Heavy will be light, "the son said," I would like to do it for a night. Regardless, he surrendered. "In time, the police entered the house. He told the officer that if the son contacted He will drive to give himself. The son intended to surrender. Now I can't contact. Because the police entered the area to mobilize to chase the mother of the culprit, said that the heart almost broke That the son had caused the incident of this page, had caused the rape of children under the age of 15 years, then went to jail and then returned to the incident again Which caused that incident in 2013, abusing her niece, still saying that if the son is not involved in drugs, he is a good person. If dying, will sleep and sleep. I also love children. I am not dead. I want to apologize to the victim. I'm sorry. I can't apologize for my son. It does it. If he decides, then let him judge. Having money and gold, he will visit us. The poor are not rich. Let go to jail, "said Mr Montri's mother.
"Police Lieutenant" resentful the girl who datingRelease clips of social media|Police Lieutenant Colonel released a secret clip of a 29 -year -old girl Twitter After being beaten because each other dating (6 Jan 65), Miss Ploy, 29 years old, was ranked by police officers under the Civil Service Division. And control the crowd or the Royal Thai Army. One of them secretly filmed a clip while having sex And posted the clip to Twitter Causing her to lose her reputation because the police officers released a clip of sexual intercourse and threatening her and challenged that "Nobody can do anything." Causing her to lose her reputation and have a huge impact on living. Miss Ploy said that he knew the police officers through the application. From May 2020, then there was a relationship to have a profound relationship. And have been dating for 8 months, but because both have a girlfriend already She then tried to distance himself. To end the relationship But this ten police officers refused to quit, so she went to complain to the police. In order to proceed with discipline, but when the policeal police knew about it, then contacted her to withdraw the complaint at the police. Ready to intimidate that if not withdrawing the complaint There may be unexpected things. But she also confirmed that she would not follow on May 26, 64. Police Lieutenant sent a clip when having sex to her friends and her sister. And also posted the clip on Twitter via the avatar profile with a message with her phone number And said who wants to have sex, call Until many people contacted him Shocked her Because I didn't know that there was secretly filming the clip. Later, May 29, 2021, then reported to the Pak Kred police investigation officers to prosecute the offense. Computer Act In which the case is in the prosecutor's consideration level Most recently, the prosecutor ordered the inquiry official. Conducting additional investigations in some issues But there is still no progress. 6 Jan 65. She came to complain to the Metropolitan Police Headquarters. Which is a jurisdiction To check the behavior and disciplinary action with the police Which has a representative from the Metropolitan Police Headquarters to receive complaints Ready to reveal that Will send the matter to the agency To investigate the facts And confirmed that it would be fair to all parties
Surrendered. "Montri", the security leader raped the residents.After being hunted by the police all night-pulling the gun|From the case of Mr. Montri Yai Krathok, the leader of the PWA, a condominium in the Thonburi side Causing the incident to knock on the door of the victim's room, 36 years old, the residents in the condo Before forced to handle the handcuffs and raped after the escape The incident occurred in the Petchkasem Police Station in the middle of the night, 4 December. As the news has been proposed, the latest progress today (6 Jan) Metropolitan Police Along with the Sa Kaeo Provincial Police and Forest officials Bringing military dogs to find Mr Montri in Khao Ang Rueai forest area, forest boundary 5 provinces since the dawn of the past morning. By calling for a total of 4 agencies at Wat Nong Ruea Thung Maha Charoen Subdistrict, Wang Nam Yen District, Sa Kaeo Province in following up and arresting Use 2 parachutes of the parameters to explore the area around Khao Ang Rue Nai forest. Later found the motorcycle of Mae Montri That the criminal rides out of the house Parked in the hut of Mr. Montri The police brought the parameters of the War Dog and put the carpet in the forest that is expected to be the point where Mr Montri hides. Opposite the 100th anniversary of the Botanical Garden, reaching the red cow's checkpoint next to the Khao Ang Rueni forest area. At the royal pool area In which the villagers met And report clues to the staff At this time, more than 100 officials have been followed closely. Ready to block the rubber forest Which must be carried out with caution Due to the arrest With staff hearing the sound of guns back Therefore, the criminal is expected to carry a gun that is not yet known to the latest at 15.50 hrs. Reporters reported that Police officers have already arrested Mr Montri after the mother tried to persuade until he agreed to leave the forest to surrender. The police are now detained for investigation, while Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief, gave an interview about the said case that this is divided into 3 issues: 1. Following the arrest of the criminal has ordered 3 sets of investigations in the area to follow and arrest After issuing the arrest warrant of Mr. Montri 2. ordered the investigation officers of Petchkasem Police Station to prosecute the condo juristic person at the incident that there was a obstruction during the arrest of the accused. Pol.Lt.Gen. By inspecting through the 5th FAC. The Royal Thai Army. In the said case, the license of the accused was issued since 2019. Will the relevant officials be implemented or not? Must wait from the said facts before being able to summarize the said case
Chief of the security guard raped the house, the girl confessed to open the mouth, apologize and compensate for karma.|Chief of the security guard raped the girl's house. Open the mouth to confess There was only one victim. Being attacked by a relative of the victims, reporters reported that yesterday (6 January), the police led Mr. Montri Yai Krathok, Chief of the Condominium, Petchkasem Road, and Bang Khae, Bangkok, which caused the act of acting. Before fleeing to Saraburi province, came to investigate at Petchkasem Police Station by bringing it by a pickup truck of the officers. And hide up the back door of the police station Before rushing to take the meeting room on the second floor. Later, Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief, came to interrogate the accused by himself. Which takes more than 1 hour to interrogate, therefore, Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran revealed that from the investigation of the accused To confess that they do real victims And only this victim There are no other victims in any way. And from the examination, it was found that the use of substance abuse, but must be examined thoroughly again, which substance is the reason why the escape to Sa Kaeo province is to set up before contacting to surrender to the police. As for whether there will be a helper to escape or not At this time, the relevant parties have not been found in any way. However, officials have evidence ready to prosecute for sure. And will oppose the bail. In the case of licensing The security guard with the defect. Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran revealed that there is currently the Deputy Commander in Chief of this matter. As for the prosecution of the said condominium juristic person Depending on the investigating officer that the facts will come out. Therefore will proceed with the next step. The police reported 2 charges: rape and invading the housing at night As for the plan to make a confession or not Depends on the voluntary of the accused After this, the investigation officer of Petchkasem Police Station will interrogate Mr. Montri. To prosecute later at 23.15 hrs. The police detained Mr. Montri Leaving the second floor meeting room Before bringing into the cells on the ground floor In which Mr Montri said to the media that Sorry for what he had done. Ready to compensate the karma from what is done while being brought through the notification room Mr Montri was expected to be a relative of the victim who came to observe. Try to attack But was released by officials before the incident was calm
The husband fought for a 3 -year -old child, extinguished a terrible wife before shooting himself, following his 12 -year -old son.|A 12 -year -old boy told the shock. Father used a gun to shoot a 3 -year -old brother. Before shooting himself, the reporter reported that At midnight, police officers in the northern Khlong Khlong Police Station were informed of the shooting of many injured in one house, Village No. 2, Khok Yang Subdistrict, Nuea District, which was a one -story cement house. There are many injured relatives and villagers. Come to see the incident from the inquiry of relatives, knowing that 3 people were shot by relatives and rescue of the Prachasantisuk Foundation over the canal. Rescue Municipality, Nuea Khlong Subdistrict, brought to the hospital north of the canal before being forwarded to Krabi Hospital earlier and inside the house at the hall. Found a bed in front of the TV by TV and the fan in the house is still open. In front of the bedroom there is a large blood mark. In the bedroom, found a pile of blood in the floor. On the bed there was a pile of blood 1, the bathroom next to the bedroom. 1 pile of blood was found in the bedroom. The 9 mm shell shell was found. 4 9 mm ammunition falls in 1 head. Found to be set up at the pavilion in front of the house About 30 meters away from the house is a 9 mm Barreda firearm. Inside the magazine, there are 3 ammunition, the police have kept all the evidence, while all 3 shots were known as the parents of the child, consisting of Mr. Chatchai. 40 years, the culprit was shot in the head, 1 shot, died at Krabi Hospital, 2nd, Ms. Duangkamon, 40 years old, was shot in the middle of the forehead. The symptoms are still serious, not consciousness at Krabi Hospital. The 3rd is Mr. B. (the fictional name), 3 years old, was shot in the middle of the forehead, died at Krabi Hospital as well. A (a hypothetical), 12 years old, the son of Mr. Chatchai and Ms. Duangkamon sitting in front of the house, was shocked by the incident. And was in the house during the incident. Mr. A. testified to the police at the beginning that during the incident, Mr. A was lying on TV. In the hallway of the house, with the parents and brothers to sleep in the bedroom, then all 3 of them heard the gunshots louder Shocked and ran out of the house to find a close relative's house Please come and see at home. Before the relatives went to see the bedroom. Then took the gun out and left at the pavilion in front of the house, then the relatives quickly helped to drag his father's body out of the room Then hurriedly brought his brother's body to the hospital and informed the rescue to bring the mother and father to the hospital as well. The police saw that Mr. A also shocked the incident Therefore let the relatives take to rest first Then make an appointment to interrogate again. The police inquired information from the relatives of Ms. Duangkamon know that both of them have a career in breeding oil palm oil. Before the incident, the relatives of Ms. Duangkamon just came to visit and sit and talk to both in front of the house. While still talking normally And knew that Mr Chatchai 1 day earlier 1 day. The incident occurred for 1 day, which the relatives of Ms. Duangkamon also said that on January 8, will take to see a doctor at the hospital in Trang. After that, relatives returned less than 1. The hour occurred. The police will interrogate all the witnesses thoroughly again. The bodies of the two died were given to relatives to take back to perform religious ceremonies.
The older brother did not help. "Montri" fought the case, revealing that at first never busy sex.Come to lose people because of drug use|The progress of the case, Mr. Montri Yai Krathok, Chief of the Security Condominium, Thonburi area The cause of the presence of a young woman before fleeing to Sa Kaeo province and was surrounded by the forest. Until surrendering yesterday, the latest at 10:30 am on January 7 at Petchkasem Police Station, Mr. Montri Traveled to visit and leave things for his younger brother The reporter asked the concerned person, stating that he was not involved in any bloodline with Mr Montri. But have known each other for a long time Right now, just wait for the inquiry official. Because he didn't want Mr Montri's mother to come by herself And face the media army Which he only came to know the matter after the news, as for the issue that Mr Montri draws the police to fight the police Confirmed that it was not true He intended to surrender from the first day. But saw that the police went a lot and therefore escaped to know Mr Montri for a long time Because in the same area, the issue that he has any devotion They are not sure, but as a child Will only be dating a female friend. But because of amphetamines Who had been consumed 2 years ago and quit Just came back to eat another issue. The case did not think of bail or fighting any cases. Mr Montri himself is ready to confess the rape throughout the allegations. And will give details in the court As for now, however, however, however, can only find a way to heal the victims.
Stress, wife, love, register another manThe husband invited to eat poisoning.But the wife refused to eat|The husband is stressed after the wife loves to register another man. About poisoning Open the bottle. The wife refused to eat according to the reporter reported that yesterday (7 January) at 18.00 hrs. Police at Noen Kham Police Station were notified of the deaths. At the parking lot beside the weir to collect the Rong Lok Fah, Village No. 18, Noen Kham Subdistrict, Noen Kham District, Chainat Province. Registration number 8151 Uthai Thani, but with measures to prevent the spread of the Quid-19 The officer therefore had to check for infection first. Proven evidence In the car inspection, found grass pesticides were packed in a bottle of drinking water. The surrounding area found 4 bottles of beer bottles from the autopsy. Initially, there was no trace of attack, expected to die for at least 3 hours, then brought the body to the National Forensic Service. Sawan Pracharak Hospital In order to find the true cause of death from the inquiry. But quarreled and divorced many years ago But still dating each other with love, but after the end of 2021, he accidentally let another young man meet on Facebook Missed something until having to get married Marriage registration In the meantime, he created 2 worlds. On December 30, 2021, the deceased caught the argument. And have been meeting all the time from the new year until today, before the incident, secretly met with the deceased as usual He drank 4 bottles of beer and the deceased said that Can't bear this We go together As we promised Then the deceased grabbed the prepared insecticides Then turned to say that he had eaten 2-3 gulp until unconscious. The relatives of the deceased revealed that the house is not fascinated. Because the deceased loves this wife very much I said that I could take my wife back. Everyone tries to dissuade it, but the deceased listened to the ears. The more you see the marriage certificate, the more angry. Which everyone does not think that the matter will end like this
Bench girl driving back the arrowUse shoes to slap the police in front of the police to inform 4 heavy charges.|Drunk girl The most swagger uses shoes in front of the police at Khu Khot police station. Meet 4 charges. Pol. Col. Manatweet Thong Im, Director of Khu Khot Police Station, clarifies the case of a video clip in social media. With a woman driving a car The white Mercedes-Benz has intoxicated alcohol. And used the shoes to slap the police The incident occurred on December 31, 2021, at approximately 21.40 hrs. By the police officer of Khu Khot Police Station, was notified of a car to drive back the Lam Luk Ka Road beside the Thuta Mi Stadium. And have symptoms similar to a drunken person The traffic police officers then traveled to inspect the scene, found a white Mercedes parked in the direction of traffic. Facing the pickup truck And had a driver Get out of the car and accuse the pickup truck driver And smashed the said pickup truck. Therefore informed the woman that he drove back the arrow and had a drunkenness Have to go to measure alcohol The accused therefore tried to drive away but could not start the car. Motorcycle driving past Came to help suppress the incident And was attacked by the accused Police officers by using shoes to hit the front area, was slightly injured after he detained the inquiry official. And measure the amount of alcohol beyond the criteria specified by the law Therefore detained the prosecution On charges of driving while drunk, driving regardless of safety, attacking officers while performing their duties And lose property
"Montri" opens up for the first timeAccept the rape of the girlIf you can go back, you won't.|"Montri" Chief of Staff Accept the rape of the real girl Swipe the hand-to-hand key and threatening to apologize to everyone involved. Reporters reported that today (8 Jan), the investigation officer of Petchkasem Police Station, detained Mr. Montri, 41 years old, the accused of an offense under the arrest warrant to rape. And invaded the residence at night Went to ask for the power of the Thonburi Criminal Court From the case that Mr. Montri caused the rape of a 36 -year -old girl on a condominium, Petchkasem Road, Subdistrict and Bang Khae District, Bangkok, on the night of 4 January, by Mr. Montri revealed the first time. While being taken into the car, the accused confirmed that he had actually raped the victim because of drug addiction. Confirm that no handcuffs and firearms Threatening in any way And there is no advance planning with the incident If you can go back, you won't. As well as apologizing to the family, the victims and the security companies, including all colleagues, Capt. Related to which person Are you involved in the offense on the day of the incident? If it is considered an offense, the police will consider the additional testimony. As for the interrogation of the people and the security on the day of the incident, it is called for interrogation. To all the details on the day of the incident By investigating the issues that the relatives refused to help the victims By the end of the request Investigation officers oppose the bail. Because it is a case with a high penalty rate And afraid that the person will escape. In the case of firearms that have news that Mr Montri used to fight against the police who were arrested in the forest while fleeing. In Sa Kaew Province From the interrogation, the accused denied that there was no firearm. As for the condominium juristic person And the security company that does not cooperate with relatives to help the victims In the process of legal action
"Esther" reported the expectations of being hired as a presenter for the app to cheat the people.|"Esther", a famous actress Report to the police Dreaded being tricked into a presenter for online sales applications that have been fraudulent yesterday (7 January 2022) at the PCT Center, Building 1, Floor 1, National Police Agency (Police). . Esther Supri Leela or Esther, the actress traveled to meet the PCT police to report the complaint to help follow up the criminal group. Which is believed to deceive Esther as a presenter for a platform for online purchases Which he believed that it was a group that was considered to deceive the people Due to many suspicions Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat Deputy Commander of the National Police As the director of the PCT Center has assigned Pol.Lt.Gen. Immigration Office (Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission) Chief of Operations 1, is the representative of this complaint. Ms. Esther said that because he was hired to be the presenter of the app. The said application has been damaged by the said application. By receiving a complaint through the mother Made him feel that there was something wrong Therefore proceeded to contact the coordinator But in the end, the person who coordinated has disappeared Importantly, we do not have a way to contact that person at all. Therefore drafted the contract to terminate the presenter through the company's address And caused the information to be given to the police as much as he had received a complaint that Those who invested with the said application were closed, unable to withdraw money. For this event, he has come to receive as a presenter since July 2021, before receiving his work, was only notified that it was an online sales application. In which he had investigated to a certain extent Looks reliable. He therefore signed a contract for 1 year and canceled the contract last month. Dec ago While filming everything is in accordance with the correct process But began to feel abnormal when there were many People come in to share. Esther. Added that In that case, he was very uncomfortable. Because it was unexpected that the matter would be like this Maybe it's because we can not check enough. Despite being strict about accepting work Therefore would like to warn the brothers in the industry If there is any work that has been contacted, I'm not sure. Can come to contact to check the information with the police Or calling number 1599 for him, this time is a very big lesson while Maj. Gen. Samphan said that in the said case, the damage value still cannot be considered as money. Because he had just reported As for the operation of the police There will be a complaint of this case first. Then will check the company opening Entering the application And check that any person has involved in this case How is the transfer in and out? Would like to learn that if you want the case to be complete Those who have been damaged by the said case, asked to come in to provide information to the police to publicize to the public to use discretion in various decisions. The information should be studied carefully. Especially in terms of transactions related to finance, investment, hoping for short -term profits If anyone has complaints or wanting to report complaints Can contact the Information Technology Crime Suppression Center National Police Office (PCT Center) Hotline 1599 24 hours or direct line 081 866 3000 only at office hours
Police told minutesBenz girl took off his shoes. Slap the face. Must use 3 people to help blow a high alcohol.|From the case of clips in the online world Is a picture of a young woman driving a Mercedes Come to see the police checkpoint Before leaving the body Insulting the police with rude words, asking "Do you know?" And also use shoes to slap the police. That has been presented. Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen, Deputy Spokesman of the Royal Thai Police Mentioned the said case, stating that the investigation found that the incident occurred in the area Khu Khot Police Station, Pathum Thani Province, night of 31 December In this incident, the police were not fascinated, not holding, but could not refrain from legal action. The results of the alcohol level of the young woman up to 177 milligrams Which is higher than the law, over 120 mg, therefore prosecuted for drunk driving And attacking officials while performing the law according to the law Later, the accused was bail. And now the case is in the process of stir frying the issue. As for the issue of the accused There was a threat to the police in a way that he was a big daughter. Please confirm the police are not interested. Who is the Tao Tao The more the elders, the elders, the more people must know and must comply with the law. The police cannot exclude the accused of being a 35 -year -old woman, not a child, must be more conscious and use discretion than general teenagers. This is a lucky matter. That this accused met the police first Therefore not dangerous, not disabled, does not hurt, does not die, does not cause society around Because of the accident from drunk driving, it is violent, there are lessons to see each other each day. Therefore wanting all women to be careful of this kind of event as well Even more women The dangers caused by drunkenness Not only an accident Please drink consciously, while Pol. Kittiththat Phansamrong, Commander in Chief of the Khu Khot Police Station, the police that appear in the clip Opened up to tell the incident in the clip, stating that the owner of a white Benz is a drunken woman parked the lane, facing the pickup truck down and chasing the pickup truck. There are villagers who see the incident try to help each other forbid, but it is not effective. This girl also tried to hurt the person who came to prohibit this woman. When he saw the police, he tried to drive away. But unable to start the car, then came down from the car and threatening the police that "Do you know who" and still cursing with vulgar words? Before using the shoes to hit the face But he used his hand to cover it in time, then got into the back arm, using the effort until he detained This woman has not yet checked the ATK. Must use 3 police officers to help each other to catch him up to be lucky to not find the ok. After proceeding, they cannot contact the accused relatives. Therefore had to sleep in the cell for 1 night, notify 4 charges before the next day Friends of the accused Will travel to bail out Which did not apologize to the police in any way. Because the other party himself was drunk When performing duties, just try to avoid clashing Avoiding, dodging, trying to calm down, do not respond
The police gathered the young man using a young woman with medical techniques-punching students.Despite not knowing each other before|From the case of Ms. Tosaporn Choksombutkul, 34 years old, injured medical technician Being a male, an unknown name, middle -aged user While walking on the overpass Even though he had never known each other on December 26, 64 at approximately 06.40 hrs. Lotus Bridge, Lotus Department Store, Khae Rai Branch, Tiwanon Road, Tha Sai Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province, on 4 Jan 65 at approximately 11.41 hrs. Before rushing to escape to the injured person to report to the police station. Rattanathibet, the latest on January 8, 65, police officers in Rattanathibet Police Station Together to arrest Mr. Petch Nam Nueng Suwanpipat, 31 years old, by arresting at the bus stop in front of Indo Thai village Rattanathibet Rd., Bang Kraso Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province. Said that the incident has been causing many times to punch, most of the students who walked past He couldn't control his mind. Initially, the police reported the allegations of physical assault, causing harm to the body and the mind.
Benz girl and motherCarry the cable carPaying apologize to the policeClip clip, take off your shoes|At 17.00 hrs. On 8 Jan 64, the girl drove Benz, the red label. Sorn drunk attacked the police, brought the fruit baskets to the Khu Khot police station, who traveled with her mother. By giving to the Dab Kitti Thachaphon Samrong, the commander of Khu Khot Police Station, Pathum Thani Province, which has Police Colonel Chiraphat Sridej, Deputy Director of Police Station, Khu Khot It is a witness this time. The girl drives a red sign. Said that he admitted all the wrong words and apologized to the police officers who were attacked by themselves As well as apologizing to society as well, and he will not do this, then Kittiththat Phansamrong said that he was angry with his younger brother because he knew that he was drunk And we are police officers, then have to stop the incident already Pol.Lt.Col. Said that I would like to say to the people that drinking or drunk Khmer and driving is wrong. This younger person is an example because of drinking and driving venge and dangerous. The case of the night of the incident, the accused of the alcohol detection in the body 177 mg. The accused denied in the investigation and asked the court to have a bail for 45,000 baht and next week will call the accused to send to the prosecutor again.
Collected and the criminals took the girl-punching the young man who walked togetherThrowing out, smashing the housekeeper before being caught|Collected and the criminal hit the woman's head on the overpass. Punch the people who walk together Leaving the back of the head of the housekeeper before being arrested (8 Jan 65) at 16.00 hrs. Along with the investigation team Rattanathibet Police Station, Nonthaburi Province, was informed by a convenience store staff. Within Soi Rewadee 3, Bang Kraso Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province that he saw a suspicious man like a person who caused a patrol to attack young women and people on the overpass. In front of Soi Ngamwongwan 23, Bang Khen Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province, on December 26, 64 at 06.40 hrs. Walking across the overpass in that point to get on the electric train Until injured above the left eyebrows Without knowing the cause of attack before, with the police being detained Mr Petch Nam Nueng, 31 years old while walking out of the convenience store Before detaining to investigate In which Mr. Nam Phet confessed Was the person who broke the body of the body, a young woman and a male teenager along the real overpass Most recently, in the morning, at the way down the Boss Hotel In which he used a bottle of beverages to hit a woman's head before running away in the van In addition, he also caused a teenager to punch a teenager who walked on the overpass in front of Lotus Khaerai department because of the displeasure that this male teenager said why he had to walk his arms before fleeing. As well as previously causing a small incident to use a small tree to hit the girl who walked on the overpass of the Soi Bua Kwan, because the woman was accused of swinging his arms to crash. As well as punching another woman on the overpass in front of the Ratchadaphisek Criminal Court in December as well. Mr. Petch Nam Nueng The culprit said I accepted that he was actually a person. But what was done from drunkenness from liquor Because he regularly drinks alcohol After drinking, it cannot be controlled by the relatives. In which he wanted to apologize to all the victims that he had caused Will pay respect to everyone. He later agreed. Ms. Nan Orla, a housewife cleaning the Myanmar, which was used by Mr. Petch Nam, using a bottle of drinking drinks in the morning. In the area of the Boss Bridge Until injured in the head Traveled to identify Mr. Petch Nam, who committed the crime Along with Pari going to slap Mr. Petch Nam, who caused the crime, but the police prohibited in time. Ms. Nan Orla testified that this morning while crossing the bridge to work normally When walking down the bridge to the opposite side Saw Mr Petch Nam Nueng waiting for the way down the overpass Which he did not think anything. It appears that when he passed by Mr Petch Nam, he was hit in the head vigorously with an object. Until dizzy in pain. When he held his head, he found that the blood came out. Personally, Mr Petch Nam ran away on the van. Therefore called to request help from the police Police Colonel Aries Nonnakwan, Director of Rattanathibet Police Station, said that from the history inspection, it was found that this accused had a history of attacking the body in the Prachachuen police station in the year 63 and testified. Confessed that the woman's body was assaulted on the overpass in front of the Ratchada Court in Phahonyothin Police Station and caused an incident in the area Rattanathibet Police Station 3 more times, which is physically assault on the flyover of the Bua Kwan Temple. Hurt the male teenagers on the overpass in front of Lotus Khae Rai mall And most recently, this morning caused the harm of the housekeeper to clean the Myanmar until the head broke again. Which will report the charges of attacking others until injured body and mind According to the karma according to the agenda that the culprit has committed to prosecute
The best escape skillsFollow the young man to steal goldSwipe the water pipe from the 3rd floor hidden on the ceiling.|According to the young man, stealing gold The best escape skills Swipe the water pipe from the 3rd floor hidden on the ceiling. But finally did not survive (8 Jan 65) at 16.30 hrs. The radio center was notified of Nong Phai Police Station. Causing burglary Then escaped across the district Then coordinate the police officers. As well as volunteers to join the gratitude, Nong Phai and the villagers help each other to follow After knowing that The criminal ran away. Go to the 3 -story commercial building behind the municipal market 3, Nong Phai Subdistrict, Nong Phai District, Phetchabun Province Therefore followed Before meeting the man who committed the crime With weapons attached to a sharp knife Fled to the roof on the 3rd floor of the building and was in a symptom similar to the person who was escaping. Later, the name was Mr. Vasan, 38 years old, which caused the stealing of 3 baht gold necklace and a certain amount of cash. Belonging to Mrs. Prathip, 50 years old, who has a steering wheel in the area of 4 red light intersection Bueng Sam Phan District By the incident at the house number 152/1, Bueng Sam Phan Subdistrict, Bueng Sam Phan District Phetchabun Province During the incident, Mrs. Pratip, the injured party went out to work to sell the steering wheel since morning. Let Mr. Vasan Rajamontri, 38 years old, who are known And just traveled at five o'clock Lived at home alone And closed the room lock. Went to steal 3 baht gold necklace and a certain amount of cash Of Mrs. Prathip The victim then Have planned to deceive Mr. Kong Krit, 23, the son of Pratip, the victim, drove a motorcycle to deliver At Nong Phai District Through the red light intersection And the injured person saw it That his son drove to Mr. Vasan But was suspicious Because in the morning, Mr Vasan Said to go to work in Bangkok, but why did you change the route to Nong Phai district? Therefore hurried back to the house, found the door of the room being leverage Golden necklaces and backpacks are lost in cash. Therefore drove to follow to Nong Phai District And the phone tells his son And notify the police By telling the breeds of the criminal Until the villagers informed that Meet Mr. Vasan The culprit ran away into the commercial building. And went up to the roof on the 3rd floor when the officers went to inspect The culprit swiped down from the 3rd floor via the water pipe before running away into the row. Behind the municipality market 3, Village No. 11, Nong Phai Subdistrict, Nong Phai District and climbed up to escape, hidden on the ceiling. The police officers, villagers and rescue volunteers, together, Nong Phai, together to catch Mr Vasan without discount. The young man can cause burglary. By hiding on the hanging ceiling In the rental room, then detained to send the investigation officers in Nong Phai police station to prosecute according to the law. And will be coordinated Police officers at Bueng Sam Phan police come back to prosecute. In the area of the incident, after the history of the history of Mr. Vasan, found that he had been arrested for prosecution for burglary and killing cases. By just receiving out more than a year Came to cause burglary Up again from the inquiry Mrs. Prathip, 50, the injured person, said that the crime was the grandchildren of his ex. This time, I trusted him to go into the house to eat, but he came to break the room to steal things. Because he went to work Then the culprit then tricked his son to drive to Nong Phai District from 4 Rahul intersection to Nong Phai (about 20 kilometers) and then he was suspicious. The lost property has a bag. And 3 baht gold necklace. Mr Kongkrit, 23, the injured son, said that around the afternoon 3.15 hrs. In which he drove a motorcycle across the district to deliver by the culprit claiming to hurry to Bangkok And friends are waiting The car will run out. At first he didn't know that the culprit had stolen his mother's bag. Because the curtains are closed But before leaving his own home, noticed that Mr Wasan had a knife Which at that time he still thought of holding a knife But he saw that he was a relative, so he didn't think anything, while Mr Komsan Kongphol, 33, was a volunteer, gratitude, Nong Phai rescue that helped to tell that he was notified by the police. Causing burglary Escape from Rahul Later, the owner of the boom boom shop Reported to see the criminal fleeing on the roof He, who came with the police Saw the criminal fleeing on the roof after the black shirt was wearing black pants as the police informed After that, the criminal swept the pole to escape. By swiping down one by one from the 3rd floor to the ground. Escape on the ceiling Which island like a gecko In which the criminal has to escape in another way. Mr. Vasan, 38 years old, or the cat who caused the confession that he had caused the incident in the afternoon 3, leverage the house. Get gold assets and wallets I know the victim. In the incentive Do to take the money to help the family in Bangkok. Which is unemployed Normally working on the roof Which in the past used to go to this house regularly But the latter doesn't go often Which when I leverage it, I don't know what assets of this house When searching, he found a gold necklace and silver.
Poison loves the former husband, stabbing the houseStabbing himself seriously, the final post. "If the next life is real"|Former husband, aged 30, stabbing the house Stabbing himself seriously, the final post. Sorry to do this. If the next life is true, it will be met at 15.30 hrs. (8 Jan 65) Police Colonel Watthana Kerdsiri, Deputy Director of the Police Station (Investigation), Hantha Police Station, Chainat Province, was notified of the incident. Died at the house, Village No. 6, Wang Kai Bunsan Subdistrict Volunteers of Ruam Kanyanyu Foundation, Chainat Province and doctors. At the floor Inside the bedroom, the ground floor was found. Miss Nittiya, 29, was stabbed into the stomach until the filling flows down to the abdomen. There are wounds under the left and middle of the back, including 3 wounds, died of blood. Beside each other, found a 5 -inch long wooden knife with blood stains. From the autopsy, it was expected that at least 2 hours of death. The parties of Mr Thanet, 30 years old, were ex -husband being stabbed in the neck under the left and left arm, squeezing the blood in the bedroom. Relatives came to see, so hurried to the Chainnatrandorn Hospital. Severe symptoms have to wait for consciousness first. To investigate Proceed with legal proceedings Because now I still don't know who to act first And missed each other How to fight Therefore there are wounds on both sides like this. As for the body of Miss Nittatiya The relatives insist that they will not send and prove. Because Islam has to quickly bury it in 24 hours and are not fascinated by the cause of death. Because both of them were in the eyes Even though they broke up But did not think that he would do this. The investigation knew that Mr Thanet was an assistant technician at Wang Kai Sabban Subdistrict, the deceased, riding a motorcycle to see Mr Thanet at home. But don't know when Because at that time no one was at home Everyone went out to work. Enter the bedroom Which the room was quite quiet as a sound storage room until 15.30 hrs. Therefore hurried to see that he was lying in the blood, so hurried to send to the hospital, but Ms. Nittiya Died Therefore hurried to call the police immediately. After checking Facebook, it was found that at approximately 15.00 hrs. Mr Thanet had a message that "Sorry, everyone for doing this. I'm sorry. The next life is real. We will meet. "From the assumption Should post after the incident Causing people to comment and encourage And told him to calm down As for Facebook, there are pictures that both wearing a pair of shirts to travel to Phetchabun together during the new year. That has just passed a few days
68 -year -old grandmother steal the bags in the mallAttached to gambling since girlsCaught in prison|Khok Khram Police Station arrested a 68 -year -old grandmother, stealing a bag in the middle of the mall. Claiming gambling since girls Carrying in prison (8 Jan 64) Col. Srisan Fueng Sang, Director of Khok Khram Police Station, along with Pol.Col. . Khok Khram Ordered the arrest of Mrs. Mayuree, 68 years old after the investigation team in Khok Khram police station Has been contacted by a security officer of a department store. Khok Khram Police Station Found a woman with shape And blame the species like a woman who had caused the burglary on 24 December 2021 in the said mall from the inspection Met the woman that The culprit is Mrs. Mayuree, 68 years old, therefore invited to investigate the details at Khok Khram Police Station from the inquiry, as well as allowing Mrs. Mayuree to see the CCTV images. I acknowledged that he was the person who had caused the burglary of the victim's wallet placed in a wheelchair on 24 December 2021. In addition Mrs. Mayuree voluntarily led to seize the clothes worn on the day of the incident. Which has been seized From the house of Mrs. Mayuree within Soi Ram Inthra 40, Junction 33, Nuanchan Subdistrict, Bueng Kum District, Bangkok As well as creating a copy of the CCTV of Tesco Lotus Department Store That records the event while Mrs. Mayuree was acting as evidence in another part of the investigation of the accused to confess the said incident. As for the reason, it is expected Mrs. Mayuree was addicted to gambling, with a history of incidents since young women. And can believe that there will be a group Had been arrested many times From the investigation, the expansion of the culprit has admitted that he had caused many areas. Most will go to the mall. Or where there are crowded people Initially, the stealing allegations were made to deliver to the Khok Khram police officers to proceed with the legal proceedings.
Shoot the car, find the voice of Nui.Chumphon's election candidates have already captured the criminal. EM bracelet also|Holding the hand shot the car, looking for the director of Nui. Kla Chumphon Party Found still wearing an EM bracelet. The driver of the car was not known. And there has never been a mistake with anyone (9 Jan 65) Col. Thotsaphon Chotikut, the candidate of MPs, Chumphon No. 5, the brave party said about the progress of the criminal driving a motorcycle. With a 9 mm firearm shooting at the car for campaign while running a campaign on Chumphon Ranong Road in front of the Camp Udomsak Hospital on 7 January 2018 that at approximately 11:30 am today Chumphon police investigation police Bringing the arrest of Mr. Tassanakan, 42 years old, at the house in the band, Muang District, Chumphon Province, along with evidence in a video clip from the CCTV. The police are investigating the cause. Motivation to connect the actions that continue to be behind whether or not. In this regard, the accused had just left the prison and also put on the EM bracelet to control the behavior from the Department of Corrections, while Mr. Kamonrat Phromsuwan, the driver of the car Confirm that Personally, I do not know Mr. Tassaka, the accused and there is no mistake with anyone. As well as asking the police to investigate the truth of the group where the influence behind the incident
The owner rushed towards the villagers' wife.Found the husband shot off atThe villagers sympathize with the accused.|The owner of the flirtatious habit sneaks towards the wife's wife, even though women do not play with. Finally, found a husband shot off The villagers sympathize The accused was a good person, but the most endured the behavior of the dead at 19.50 hrs. On January 9, 65, Khao Khao Radio Center, La -Ngu District, Satun Province, was informed by Mr. Pramuan Saengwimannakan. Village No. 11, Ban Wang Yao, Nam Phut Subdistrict, La -ngu District, that there was a shooting at house number 161, Village No. 11, Ban Wang Yao after notifying Pol.Col. Khao Khao and the investigation officer of Khao Khao police station, along with the officers rushed to the scene, found the body of Mr. Sulaiman, 40 years old, died in the back of the house. The condition of lying on his back was shot and stabbed. Died near the body, with Mr Abdol Rara, the accused of 31, the owner of the house, waiting to be around, with the village headman, M.11, stood in detained by Mr Abdlara Testified that he was the user of the firearm to shoot Mr. Sulaiman, the deceased by using a long shotgun, number 12, which was a shot 1 shot in the back. After that, used a knife to pierce the dead again until it was centered. And died at the scene At the time of the incident, Tosa could not remember where the knife was used to stab anywhere, but many times. The officer then detained with the belongings, namely firearms and knives used in the cause, including clothes. Bring him to Khao Khao Police Station to prosecute the law. The reporter went down to the house where the accused's house was with his wife and a father's house and relatives of the wife next to each other. The deceased is the owner to buy rubber dung. And is a person in the same village Who have seen each other But not close or accustomed Which before the incident The deceased came to the sheep with the wife of the accused. And the wife has informed her husband many times that the deceased likes to come to visit at home This time, the husband went to take a religious mission for 3 days, the deceased then seized the opportunity to sneak into the back of the house, but the wife called to inform her husband and then came to meet and washed with a shotgun. Saeng Viman, the village headman, M.11, told me that The deceased has a habit of flirting. Previously, there had been a discussion that he did not come to the sheep with the wife of the accused, but the deceased did not listen. As for the accused Habits are good people to make a living. In the precepts in the dharma Often released Dawah This time would be resentful. When the crime, the relatives, the wife, reported to him to go home. When he arrived, the accused was already waiting to be around. She hit her. Finished from the rubber tapping will be cultivated bean sprouts for sale. Create meat until you can build a house at a young age. During the incident, he was not in the event, but he learned that the deceased parked the car away from the scene of about 300 meters and wearing boots, walking through the palm plantation and rubber plantations. Traverses the back of the house and sneaking into the niece's house Which was when the husband was released at the mosque For that house, made a bean sprouts in the back of the house without a door. There is only a curtain. The deceased then knocked on the door. When the accused's wife heard the sound of a person walking behind the house and knocking the door, then called to tell her husband. The husband then returned and saw the dead behind the house as the wife said, then brought 1 shotgun, followed by the said bet. Police Lieutenant Colonel Songwut Wang Wang, Police Station, Khao Khao Police Station, said that the cause of this incident was personal. This case is not complicated. The accused confessed. Everything is complete. In which the wife had told the accused many times that the deceased likes to hang around at home And knocked on the door like this, not the first time This time, when he came again, he called the husband who was at the mosque. About 2 km away from the house. Initially, the charges of killing others intentionally With a firearm in possession And can report more charges In which the accused confessed to act because of anger And will be imprisoned before this Tuesday
A brutal ex -boyfriend crushed a new boy in the middle of the road.Before pecking, my ex -girlfriend dragged into the car to escape|A brutal ex -girlfriend drove his ex -girlfriend. Use a broken glass to kick the glass. Drag the new boyfriend down Before picking me up, the woman dragged it into the car and fled the reporter today (10 Jan) at 14.30 hrs., Samrong Nuea police station. Samut Prakan Province Was notified of two men and women being injured in the middle of the road And the injured woman was dragged into the car and ran away The incident occurred at the old tram road, near Si Chao Samingphrai Road Intersection, Samrong Nuea Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan Province. The condition of the face is swollen, the face and body have many wounds and traces of attack. The red light was on the scene where he didn't look at the way. The culprit drove a white sedan. Unknown brand and registration, which he sat and watched the mobile phone and didn't look at the side Came to know again, the left door that he was sitting was kicked until it broke before being attacked by the cause of the incident in the car by punching on the face and using the pedaling feet And opened the door and dragged him down from the car And crunching himself Which he did not know how many people came together But it is expected that at least 3-4 people, but remember that one of them has his ex -girlfriend's ex -girlfriend before his girlfriend was dragged by his ex -boyfriend. And drive out to turn right to the Phra Pradaeng pier The rest of the fans drove their girlfriend out to turn left heading towards Bangna earlier. His girlfriend had told him that Have been dating the creator for over 3 years before breaking up and dating him Which today the girlfriend drove to her at work And excreted and was attacked Initially, officials have notified the arresting radio. But still not found the shining of both cars While the officer inspected the CCTV image Installed in front of a factory near the scene That can record the event Found that while the sedan of the injured, which is a black sedan Parked the red light before reaching the old tram intersection from the Ordnance heading to Phra Daeng. About 50 meters away from the extraction point for a while, there are white Honda sedans, registration number 7954, Bangkok. That drove behind to park on the left side of the passenger side Before the people in the white sedan In which there are 3 people who come down from the car And sitting in another car in the car, all 3 of them use their feet to jump and kick the glass door until they broke And punching and attacking the injured person sitting in the car Who had been attacked for a while before the injured were dragged out of the car and stomping until unconscious in the middle of the road The villagers who passed by came to dissuade and help the injured at that moment, a woman wearing a black shirt. Open the door down from the black car, walked out. But was hit by a man wearing a black shirt that came with the victim, I dragged me into the black sedan Before driving away with a white sedan, the staff then collected the CCTV as evidence. In following up the group of the creators to investigate the facts and proceed with legal proceedings
Father saw Kata, a 62 -year -old friend raped a brain disabled daughter.Claiming to hug, kiss and not resist|A 62 -year -old man raped his friend's daughter. Despite knowing the victims of brain disability Claiming to have a sudden sexual emotion Hugging and kissing and not resisting, so I think it should be consent (10 Jan 65) Maj. Gen. Jirapop Phurdej, Commander in Chief of Police Major General Phumin Purple Purple Special Operations Commander (OCSC) ordered Col. Apisan Chairat, the director of news and special tools. The Police Department, Pol.Col. Pathomphong Thong Chamrun, ready to arrest Mr. Cham Cham, 62 years old, according to the arrest warrant of Phetchabun, dated 21 Nov 62, charged with "rape. Others cannot resist. "In the village of Sombat Thani Soi 4, Nai Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, before the incident, Mr Lek (the fictional name) came to hire Mr. Chamk to help plow at their own house. Which takes many days On the morning of the accident Mr Lek walked back home. Saw Mr Chamdam being raped, Ms. A (a hypothetical name), 30 years old, her daughter who was not good And at home alone when Mr. Cham Saw Mr Lek walking in Therefore rushed to escape in a condition that has not yet been worn Mr Lek hurriedly brought his daughter to report. At Mueang Phetchabun Police Station. Later, Phetchabun Provincial Court Issued an arrest warrant for Mr. Cham Even the arresting officers learned that Currently, the accused escaped to work at Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima Therefore inspected And arrested him from the investigation. Mr. Chamk confessed that he and Mr Lek were friends in the same village. Which he already knew. Ms. A was a brain disability. On the day of the incident, he saw that Ms. A was at home alone Caused a sudden sexual emotion Therefore hugged and kissed And saw that the victim did not resist anything Therefore thought that he would agree Therefore raped But in the meantime, Mr Lek returned to see Therefore had to rush to escape Before being arrested, then brought to Phetchabun Police Station Proceed
Tom girl opens the door to the room.Found the robber to demolish propertyBeing dragged in and beaten until unconscious|Tom girl opens the door to the room. Faced with the thieves to demolish property Being dragged into the room and beaten until unconscious Revealed from this, probably have to move away (10 Jan 65), Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Was informed that the criminal broke into the room in the condominium, Soi Rewadee 6, Muang Nonthaburi District, Nonthaburi Province, found the owner of the rental room named Ms. A (assumed name), aged 51, who is the girlfriend of Miss B (assumed name) Tom, 45 years old, who was attacked by the criminal into the room to steal. The rhythm that Miss Bee returned from doing business. Found that the room was not locked Once he opened, he saw the criminal aged 30-35 years old, searching the property inside the room. After faceing each other The criminal used weapons to hit the head and at the mouth of Miss B until injured and unconscious. After that, the criminal fled. CCTV images captured the criminal. Miss A (fictional name), the injured girlfriend said Yesterday around 08.30 hrs. We were about to dress up to work. Which the girlfriend went out first to go to cut the hair But we always call to talk that we will lock the room and go to work So he went out and stopped by to tell his girlfriend that he would go to work. After the haircut girlfriend finished, he called him to go back to the room. And talking late and can't contact Until it was unusual, so he returned home and waking him up. He told him that when he came back Come to meet the criminal is dismantling When he saw his girlfriend dragged in and beaten until unconscious So he called the rescuers to send the X -ray hospital and it's not much. But want to catch the criminal Feel dangerous It's too powerful and not one room. Meaning many rooms When he rented, he didn't tell him anything, he would lock many layers of rooms from other places, not people here so they were more careful. But he looked at the 2 -story room, the key he saw, but couldn't leverage because it belongs to Zoro Therefore saw the saw instead But the keys didn't see it would take it too It was during the chaos. But when he saw it before taking the hospital, it spoke a lot. Both swollen and red and green In the mouth, bruised and completely broken. And rescue to pick up the hospital But last night, it waited for a long time before the x -ray and brought it to insurance at the police station. And he brought him back to take care of and take medication every 4 hours. After this, he probably had to move the room because he was afraid that it looks like this is not safe at all. When he dressed up, he heard a lot of voice, but didn't think anything was locking the knob. But this is when we go out and he is in the room, he only closed the door. Think that it should be open and know that there are people in the room, so do not break in When he went out, it leverage in. And his girlfriend had finished cutting the hair back when it leverage the room
Barbarian!The young man brought the new fans of the ex -girlfriend.Before pulling the woman in the car to escape|The young man raised the new fans of the ex -girlfriend in the middle of the red light intersection, injured before pulling the woman into the car to escape (10 Jan 65) at about 14.30 hrs., Samrong Nuea police station. Samut Prakan province was notified of people being attacked in the middle of the road. Injured And a woman was dragged into the car before fleeing to the scene of an old tram, near Si Chao Samingphrai Road Intersection, Samrong Nuea Subdistrict, Samut Prakan Province. The condition of the face is swollen, the face and body have wounds. The traces of many attacks were attacked. Mr Sathaporn said that before the incident, he took a black Honda Jesse sedan with his girlfriend while in the red light. There is a white sedan. Unknown brand and registration Came up to the side, which at that time he sat and watched the phone and didn't look at the side Realizing again, the left door glass broke. There is one man Came to attack himself in the car by punching into the face and using his feet after that, opened the door and dragged him out of the car And crowded in the middle of the road Which he did not know that the culprit How many people are coming together? But it is expected that at least 3-4 people remember that one of them has his ex-girlfriend. Walked down from the car But was hit by that group of men Dragged into the car that he sat Before driving to Phra Pradaeng Pier, Mr. Sathaporn Also said that Previously, his girlfriend had told him. Had a relationship with the culprit for more than 3 years before breaking up and dating him Today my girlfriend drove to her at work. After driving out of the office, it was attacked. Initially, Mr. Sathaporn has reported the police. In following up the group of the creators to investigate the facts and prosecute according to the law
The 17 year old girl opened his heart for the first time.Admit wrong, drive the deadIf possible, ask to die instead|The 17 -year -old youth admitted the wrongdoing, the driver of the motorcycle driver died. Sued the court. Today, the 17 -year -old youth who were accused of driving a brand sedan CRV crashed into a motorcycle Resulting in 1 death in the Tao Poon Police Station. After the incident, the family who committed the incident at the envelope of the funeral of 20,000 and proposed two hundred thousand money to finish the case, but the family of the deceased refused and complained by the 17 -year -old youth. Revealed that he was sorry about the incident And apologize to the deceased family Everything happened because of negligence. Causing many people to suffer Including his own mother Must also be punished Which the said matter I don't want it to happen. And if going back in time, wanting to be wanting to die for the deceased due to this accident Caused by stubbornness And prank Who knew that he could not drive because there was no car license. In the past, the mother was not allowed to drive a car Until the legal age, but before the incident I myself used the moment that the uncle drove to the mother's house. And didn't bring the car home Therefore decided to drive the said car to pick up a friend to go to Bangsaen Chon Buri Province Admit that before the incident Personally, I can't see the parties. And didn't step on the brake But stepped on the accelerator instead Because at that time was shocked Until the car occurred, which after the incident confirmed that he did not see the injured Causing panic And could not control his mind, then called Uncle before knowing that there were later deaths This youth also said that After the incident, he traveled to the funeral. Including apologizing for what happened to the family of the deceased The mother who caused the crime revealed that if going back in time, he didn't want this event. Accepting regret the whole story Confirmed that the past has made an appointment with the injured family. The injured family called 5 million baht, but he decided to go back to review. And came back to negotiate on January 5, 2022, but could not summarize the numbers due to the assignment of the lawyer Go to negotiate alone After myself, he had to detain due to the risk of cow. 19 was unable to negotiate, which the negotiation Did not quit Personally, explained Basic numbers A total of 1 million 7 hundred thousand baht, consisting of 200,000 baht in cash / 500,000 baht and 1 million baht insurance. Both sides have not yet been concluded. And will be fully responsible But how many numbers will not be disclosed Depends on the justice of both parties Or if unable to agree Will allow the court to make a mediation Because each mediation will be involved in many people. As for the car, it is well known that the culprit does not have the right to drive. This offense depends on the consideration of the court. Because in the past did not allow the driver to drive And never saw the driver Also, the day of the incident was not found in the driver's body. But accepted without a driver's license as a truth. Careless driving base causes others to die. And drive without a driving license Which today has brought the creator of the Central Juvenile and Family Court In accordance with the legal procedure
Found himself, the ex -boyfriend gang crunch the new boyfriend.Before dragging the girl into the carRevealing the two sides do not match|From the case of the afternoon of January 10, 2022, police officers Samrong Nuea Police Station, Samut Prakan was notified of the reason, there were 4 people who drove a white Honda Jazz sedan. To the old tram intersection, Thepharak Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan Province Before all the able -bodied men came down to attack two men and women until he was injured in the middle of the road in the eyes of the villagers parked in a red light. Before all the able -bodied men dragged the injured woman in the car of the injured before they drove away from the latest incident in the afternoon of today, 11 January 2022, Mr. Sathaporn, 24 years old. Being attacked, traveled to the police station Samrong Nuea Police Station In order to give evidence to the inquiry official, Mr Sathaporn told him that he knew Ms. Parichat, 31 years old, chatting for about 1 month and came to meet yesterday. In which the woman drove from Nakhon Pathom to pick up and eat After finished eating, then drove out and parked the red light car at the scene. This was the first time that the woman said that he was breaking up with her boyfriend and carrying belongings to his own home. already The incident yesterday did not see who he kicked the car door before attacking himself. As for the matter that the offender claims to warn 2 times, stop being busy with the woman is not true. But had talked and quarreled because of this And women followed themselves And just met with the first culprit yesterday, he kicked the glass in and punching himself in the car and dragged out again. According to the clip After the incident, the woman still called to say that the man was forced to have all the evidence and wanted the police to help and saw that the woman would take matters of assault and delayed later. Ms. Parichat The girl who was dragged into the car traveled to give an additional testimony to the inquiry official. By saying that Before the incident, he knew that he was addicted to the GPS, but he couldn't find it. So I drove out And followed and jumped and kicked the glass and attacked He tried to stop because he was sitting in the car, but he was attacked by punching into the mouth and about 3-4 rounds, and he confirmed that he broke up with the culprit and carrying the goods back to his own home. And after breaking up, he just followed yesterday But he always chatted that he would not quit And just carried his belongings out of his own house for about 3 days and yesterday after the incident, he was forced to get in the car and he took him back to the house that had been together. And he took the phone to seize his car all And he asked us what to do When we didn't answer, he kicked into the neck of the neck 3-4 times, and during the car was 4-5 times slapped and punched the mouth that he had 4 dating men at the same time. truth But it was a good speech After the matter, he was scared and asked to prosecute to the end. Later at 15.00 hrs Thepwit or Teel, 20 years old, has traveled to give additional testimony to the inquiry official. After last night, he met the investigative officer once, with Mr. Supawit opened his heart that he and his girlfriend were eating together in the 5th year and with the parties, Mr Ram, he was talked about. And he begged Mr. Ram By chatting and talking that he does not want to mess with their people Because I don't want to have a problem And the man promised not to be dating Because he was a man While the incident confirmed that he was still eating But the woman claimed that Would like to go home to help catch the fish And he called to ask, will you go back? The woman claimed that the mother did not return and didn't want to return. And would like to separate to review the past lessons And the woman sent a message that If he will come back, will you wait? In which he had evidence of chatting as a chat, all the words without the word quit But was a separate request and on the day of the incident He opened the GPS that was attached to the car. Which the woman knew And saw that the woman drove out of her house was happy But drove to Samut Prakan And the premonition is to come to Mr Ram, so invite friends who work together, drive to see Then the rhythm found Found that they were actually together Therefore inspired Saba Therefore went down to cause But confirmed that he didn't peck the female head It was the occipital but admitted that on the way that the woman came The woman slapped the woman on the car. And earlier for 2 months, he caught that the woman was dating 4 men before dating Mr. Ram. Which is the 5th person, making himself feel too much to accept As for the time for 4 years, admitting that he had assaulted the female body. For the reason because of men and dating And never thought of giving up Because I love the woman very much Still admitted to tears that he had hurt a lot Pick up a lot If anyone is not at the same point as they don't know Because I've already talked to each other And was secretly talking when he was dating Which no one can agree He was also the best and admitted that until now, he still loved him, but he changed his mind and could not pull him back. As for how to be a lesson, love would not be right. It still loves him. If you don't love, you won't. Man, who can bear it? But after this confirmed that Will not go again If both of them are going to be in a relationship, the officers have reported allegations to all the culprits that Together to hurt the body And lose property As for charges of detention Have to wait for the investigation again whether or not to be considered to be considered further allegations
Escape the case 17 years!Gathering the former leader of the security guard rape a girl in the dormitoryDeceive the close victims to look at the room|The police investigated the Central Central Police. Crime Suppression Division Central Police Headquarters Jointly arrest Mr. Wongsakorn (Sanguan surname), aged 38, the accused in the Thanyaburi Provincial Court No. 1661/2548 dated August 27, 2005, which must be found to commit an offense. "Rape the woman, who is not his wife, in any way, using violence" by arresting in front of a convenience store in the area of Saen Saeb Subdistrict, Min Buri District, Bangkok. Due to May 14, 2005 at approximately 19.00 hrs. (On the day of the incident), Mr. Wongsakorn, who at that time was the leader of a security guard at a dormitory. Khlong Nueng Subdistrict Khlong Luang District Pathum Thani Province And familiarly familiar with Miss A (assumed name). The victim of Mr. Wongsakorn seduced the victim to come to the sample room on the 2nd floor of the dormitory by making a room to the victim. Later, when the victim arrived at the said dormitory The victim went up to the accused in the sample room. In which the accused called the victim into the room After that, the room door was locked. Used to force the rape of the victim and escape. Later, the inquiry official Khlong Luang Police Station Have collected evidence to request an arrest warrant for the accused to the Thanyaburi Provincial Court 1661/2548 dated August 27, 2005 in the base of the offense. "Rape the woman, who is not his wife, in any way, using the force of violence." Until January 11, 65, the police officer 1, the police officer, investigated that The accused fled to work in the Min Buri area. Bangkok The police officers arrested and therefore planned. And traveled to wait for the market With the accused standing in front of a convenience store when he found the police officer, the police officer then showed himself. And arrested After that, the accused was brought to the inquiry official. Khlong Luang Police Station In order to proceed with the legal proceedings. Inquire
Life coach, a 70 -year -old surname, case of fraudRevealed as the owner of a lot of famous projects|Woraworn Online Suebor 2, led by Maj. Gen. Theeradej Thammasut, Commander in Chief of the Police Station 2, together with Maj. Gen. Montri Thot Khan T. Woraphot Rungkrachang, Director of the Police Station, Police 2, Pol. Col. Manoch Wang to fight the director of the S. 1, Pol. Thep Chakarin, Deputy Director of the Army 1, Police Colonel 2, Pol.Col. Por. Arrest Mr. Makha Tona Wanik, 70 years old, Sriracha District, Chon Buri Province, according to the arrest warrant of Chiang Mai Provincial Court at 748/2564, dated 17 Nov 64. And borrowing money, which is a public fraud by arresting in front of the famous hotel in Sriracha Subdistrict, Sriracha District, Chon Buri Province, on 11 January 2022 at approximately 13.40 hrs. People report clues through Online patrols, investigating Por. 2 and the Crime Suppression Division that the accused is the arrest warrant of the Chiang Mai Provincial Court. On charges of fraud And borrowing money, which is a public fraud Come to hide in the Chonburi province Maj. Gen. Theeradej Thammasut, the Commander in Chief of the Police Station 2, then ordered the Royal Thai Police 1 to inspect until the accused was found in front of the said hotel. Therefore showing himself and reading an arrest warrant in the arrest of Mr. Makha, accepting as an arrest warrant Claiming to be a case linked from the programs of the sun banking project Who was arrested and said that The offense is caused by the people who refuse to follow the rules, with 1 person who has to find a net to add 2 people to each other in order to get money, claiming that this action is to help the poor. Ready to fix the difference in court To the public, then brought to the inquiry official Chiang Mai Police Station Proceed with the prosecution. Inspiration There is a position president of the Project Project 100. Create a million president of the sunlight bank project And other projects Many more items The famous speaker, who is the inspiration of the inspiration, Mr. Makha Tonawanik, a former architectural government official. The person who is in the construction of the Sriracha area Chon Buri Province Causing many people to become many victims, the owner of the phrase "Makha Tona Vanik, a man (to) over the world", which was found that Is about to carry out a new project that is bigger than before More members than before In the Chonburi and Chiang Mai areas
Sadly .. Father Korn shoots mother-son-in-lawIn the middle of his daughter's birthday partyBefore tied to death|At 21.30 hrs. On 13 January 65, Capt. Kul Thawat Ruamchit, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation), Muang Chon Buri Police Station Was informed of a shot, many people died in a house in Nong Ri Subdistrict, Mueang District, Chon Buri Province, so went to inspect Police Colonel Thanawut Chongjira, Deputy Chief of Police, Chon Buri Province Police Colonel Nithat, Ring, Dragon, Director of Muang Chon Buri Police Station Police investigation, Chon Buri Hospital, Police Provenation 2 and the Virtue Rescue, the scene is a 2 -story townhouse. The ground floor is a dining table. Miss Malee, 46 years old, was shot by a 9 mm gun. Into 1 head, lying face down Close to the body of Mr. Ekachai, aged 34, was shot by a gun of the same size, and at the railing up the 2nd floor, found the body of Mr. Winai, 52 years old, using the wire to tie his neck, attached to the core, died, a total of 3 bodies that occurred. As a result, 4 9 mm shell shells were found, found a 9 mm magazine, placed in the 2nd floor room, collected as evidence. There were also survivors ran away. Get 3 people, Ms. Sasinapa, 26 years old. S. Sasina, 23 years old and Miss A (a hypothetical) aged 8 years. Through 1 shot revealed that Eating a birthday celebration for Ms. Sasinapa, the sister, and his father sat in the room. Used to argue about money The father of the money was given. But still unresolved with Mr. Ekachai Which is brother -in -law When Mr Ekachai returned to his father, he walked out the gun. Ask if you want to be in the same family He said that he already wanted. The father turned the gun to shoot the brother -in -law and shot his mother. Then shot in a total of 4 shots. Rescue, first aid, wounds for Ms. Sasana. Chon Buri Hospital from the inquiry of Mr. Wichan, 41 years old, the neighbors are on the opposite side, revealed that The father of the crime is a career to repair and install the air conditioner. Usually rarely meet and talk Because he will go home early Go back home again in the evening. Therefore did not talk at all At the time of the incident, last night, he was turning off the light, he heard the sound of 4 shots, then heard the voice of the girl crying out, 2 people ran out. He was about to open the door for the child to come in. But not yet opened The woman rushed to another house. Shouted that the mother was shot to help with her, so she came out to look at the house, found that the father of the child ran up the house and then tied his neck to the stairs on the house. Normally, the deceased who is a woman is familiar. He will take the 8 -year -old daughter to play with his children at home regularly. The woman is a good person. But his man was not familiar Children and children of the same age Come to play together often As for the reason, no one knows what Because it is an internal matter of his family But I knew it last night, having a birthday party in the house at the scene of the incident.
The director of the officer apologized.The young man was searched for the car, found the camphor as a drug.Jeans confirms fairness|The lawyer Phaisan brought the victim of the camphor to report the police and volunteers. While the director raised his hand to pay respect and confirmed that the reporter reported that today (13 Jan) at 09.00 hrs., Lawyer Phaisan Rueangrit took Mr. Hazan Rakhom, 27 years old, the victim of the case was arrested And was accused of being a drug Along with relatives traveling to the police station Samrong Nuea Police Station Samut Prakan Province In order to report the complaint, the police and volunteers who have accused the victims that they have drugs and assault. The lawyer Phaisan said that today the victim has brought the injured to report the prosecution. Which will be separated into both criminal cases and civil cases Which will be both parts There are many charges of criminal. According to the circumstances as reported to the preliminary assault, and in the part of the first inspection, it has a positive effect. But the second time is negative And also said that the victim has drugs, which the victim has confirmed that it is not Considered to be an illegal duty And to detain the victim Although the victim himself said that it was not This has become a detention of the unit of freedom and intimidation. Yesterday, the cable car was not related. Giving is the legal part. The law is the law. Regarding the prosecution of the rights of the victims is another part. But it's good It is that the police understand that their own actions are not careful above all. Today, it must first use the rights. But depending on the victim, if there is a negotiation, talk, remedy or apologize, it is good Because having to say that the allegations do not match the evidence It is his freedom, it should not happen, which today will report the prosecution to all relevant parties, whether police officers or volunteers. In this part, must first say that the police volunteers want to be screened. Because we see everywhere, he is not a government official He is just an assistant to any action. He must know more of the law and know more about the arrest process. The performance should be while the staff really. He was also because of this kind of action. Must learn like this that it must think of the future of both parties. The police itself, if wrong or anything, you must be responsible. As for the people, if he is really innocent, if he is not wrong, it means his freedom. Some people are the pillars of the family. Would like to think of the future of both parties, but in the part of the staff, we give fairness He set up a checkpoint, he detected drugs. Looking at the circumstances, it may not be careful or lax. Which he may not have that intention Only today, the director himself has already shown that he is ready to manage the absolutely. And today there will be a talk above all. The victim can accept whether it is a mother or sister, including Mr. Ha San. Have a conversation As for the case, it is a small matter. Just about physical assault, there is a conversation, it ends. Because the police officers want to live together in this matter, would like to be an example that the police officers followed the law You can suppress the disaster for the public, it is good, but you should have the ability to know the law. Meaning that if you know that it is not thoroughly, then do not look in power Because if you are in power, you will be the most affected person. Today, there will be 4-5 charges from the circumstances, and another physical assault should be a result. check And the second results were inspected and had no performance. And about handcuffs, he is a freedom And another story is about the final detention unit, it is also intimidating But in the end, if all agreed, it was in the intention of the police officers. But this kind of action must be pondering, asking to be an example of society Which today depends on the director Because he knew that today there would be an invitation to talk to Mr Hazan, the victim, said that everything was in the clip that appeared He denied that he had not eaten anything. In which he bowed to ask him since the car said that he found a substance He bowed to him. He then kicked his feet on his face. And Pasung found in the car in front of him And confirmed that the envelope found was a camphor Do not use substance abuse and when being done, I can't remember When he saw the clip from both the media and the mother, the tears flowed why we had to begged him this much. And he confirmed that he had not dodged and didn't even agree that the checkpoint was set Because the point where he parked the car was far Meeting like this, I was very shocked. From the incident until now, it is like buried in the mind. After yesterday, the director went to talk to him and felt more comfortable. However, he had to agree to talk, and the people who attacked themselves were both the police and volunteers, which now has no apology from those who arrest him in any way. Only the director, the person who will apologize Today, he wants to let the person who attacked him to talk with. After that, the lawyer Phaisan Brought the victims and relatives to report the complaint to the inquiry official, with Col. Athit Simcharoen, Samrong Nuea Police Station Waiting for the welcome and arranged a team of investigative officers to wait by Director of Samrong Nuea Police Station Along with the police officers raised their hands to apologize to the victims and relatives who traveled today. And confirmed that it would be fair to all parties without any bias or sides
ResentfulThe security guards submit a resignation letter.Before piercing the security guard 17, the wound died.|Former security guard, the leader died. Chairman of the security guards that were expected to be suspended. Yesterday just writing a resignation letter reported that yesterday (13 January) at 6:00 pm, the police officer of Thanyaburi police officer was notified of a death. The incident occurred within a company, Village No. 2, Lam Phak Kood Subdistrict, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province, where the parking lot in the company The officer found the body of Mr. Likit, aged 49, who is the security leader. Wearing long -sleeved shirts, black short -sleeved T -shirts, wearing black long pants. From the inspection, found glasses, mobile phones, hats, knives falling. And dripping blood stains The preliminary autopsy found a wound stabbed with a knife into the chest, the left -haired, left arm, 3 wounds, right finger, and 17 wounds, causing death from the inquiry. A security guard said that the dead were at the level of the leader. Or called the patrol As for the name of the name of Mr. Wirut, it is a bad person, a bad and disobedience, the deceased likes to challenge and fight with the dead. Before the problem of themselves, they had chased to take a break and have been out for about 10 days, which Mr Wirut came to write the resignation yesterday. As for the deceased, he came to work with himself for about 1 month. It was a good person, with him met the dead today because there was a document to sign at home. After that, the deceased came to inspect the scene of the incident. And go to check inside as well. If checking at the company at the scene It is expected that the victim and the culprit would meet until the incident went on the side of the security guard. Another person said that before the day of the incident, Mr Wirut had a discomfort. By performing our duties, we have to stand and work. Therefore being suspended for 14 days. After that, the boss went to talk until the remaining 10 days. Damn the mother who caused the cause of resentment And yesterday, Mr Wirut wrote a resignation here Which he did not know whether the culprit was waiting or not while Pol.Lt.Col. As evidence And called the witness who saw the incident to conduct further investigation and Police officers investigated Thanyaburi Police Station, accelerated to follow the criminals to the guesthouse. As well as accelerating the inspection of CCTV images by having the evidence to collect evidence at the scene in detail To be used as evidence in the arrest of criminals As for the body, it was given to the Foundation to send to Thammasat Hospital in honor. To find the true cause of death
Mother searched for the morning and dungeon for a 7 -year -old daughter.The shock was raped, raped, threatened to kill.|Mother's lid, daughter, 7 years old The shock was shocked by the security guard. Rape many times Threatening to tell anyone, otherwise they will kill the death due to the 8th of January 65, Miss Sri, 33 years old, lived in Samut Prakan province. Complaints of the Pawina Foundation informed that he broke up with her husband, with 3 children who were addicted to themselves, had to work to make money, so they brought their children. Went to live with a grandmother at the rental room near each other during the new year. Grandma went out to send a lunch box. And intimidate, do not tell anyone, otherwise they will kill After Grandma knew about it, he hurried to tell her mother. Which the mother confirms to bring the matter to the end And now the nursery is still unknown about the children who told Grandma and mother Requesting the Pawina Foundation Help after receiving the matter on January 8, Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Foundation, coordinated Col. Phisut Chantarasuwan, Director of Bang Pu Police Station, Samut Prakan Province. For the victim to report And called to talk to the mother, the child knew that the child was still at home Which now the eyes are not at home because they are on duty Mrs. Pawena then asked her mother to pick up her children out of the house. And assigned the Pawina Foundation staff Bring the car to pick up two mother and son By making an appointment at the ancient city entrance Samut Prakan Province, which Mrs. Pawina coordinated Miss Supacha Phromsorn, head of the children's home and family home in Samut Prakan Province Traveled to join the Pawina Foundation staff and adopted Miss A in the coverage of the Samut Prakan Children's home for safety. And the Pawina Foundation staff Brought two mother and son to report to the investigation officer of Bang Pu Police Station And the police sent a Miss A Go to check immediately And make an appointment for a child professional exam on January 12, with staff at Samut Prakan children who are in charge of Dr. A. In taking the physical examination and examination of the Sawichachi, the end of January 14, Mrs. Pawina received a report from Police Colonel Phisut Chantarasuwan, Director of Bang Pu Police Station, Samut Prakan Province, that the inquiry official has collected evidence for arrest warrant for Mr. Ek Ta Yot and detained for investigation and reporting charges. Rape, a girl under 13 years old, sent legal proceedings From now on the Pawina Foundation Will cooperate with the children's home and family house, Samut Prakan, Ministry of Social Development Take care, restore the mental state, the victim and continue to help. Mrs. Pawina said that there are many events in the case of sexual harassment in which the offender is the security guard, which the security guard is the security. Should have to check the history carefully before working. In order to not be harmful to others
Captured 5 accused of shooting "Tiger Thong Pha Phum" claiming to protect the cowsBeing eaten by more than 20 tigers|Captured 5 accused of shooting "Tiger Thong Pha Phum" claiming to protect the cows Being eaten by more than 20 tigers, 9 charges (14 Jan 65) at the Police Station, Thong Pha Phum Police Station, Pol.Gen. TSC, together with Maj. Gen. Thanayut Wutti Rus Thamrong, Commander in Chief of Police 7, Pol.Lt.Gen. Boonyarit Rodma, Deputy Commander in Chief 7, Pol.Lt.Gen. Police Pol.Lt.Gen. Mana Krathong Sattabut, Commander in Chief of the PTTEP, Pol.Lt.Gen. Thong Pha Phum Police Station Jointly announced the arrest of the accused under the arrest warrant of Thong Pha Phum Provincial Court There are 5 accused as follows: 1. Mr. Ratchanon Charoensap, 30 years old 2. Mr. Supachai Charoensap, 34 years old 3. Mr. Jor of Phanarak, 38 years old 4. Mr. Ku Kuyuen, 37 years old 5. Mr. Cho No surname is 66 years old. The inquiry official has charged a total of 9 offenses 1. Charged together to find forests that are damaged by the national forest reserve. Without permission 2. Charged with temptation or bringing wildlife out or causing danger to wildlife in any way In the national park 3. Charges together to operate any business To find benefits in the national park 4. Charges together to bring tools for hunting or catching any animals or weapons. Enter the national park 5. Charges to shoot guns causing explosions. Or fireworks in the area national park 6. Charges together to abandon fuel things, which may cause a fire in the national park. 7. Charges together to hunt down wildlife or wildlife reserves or protected wildlife without permission. 8. The joint verse has protected wildlife in possession without permission and 9. Charged with bringing pets into the area. Park without permission (The cow came to lure the victim). This case has seized the belongings in the offense. 1. Tiger remains, 2 remains, weighing 52.5 kilograms. 2. 1 long shotgun. 3. The .22 firearm, 1, aiming for 1, amplifier, Thai artificial firearm (2 gun guns). .22, 50 shots. 6. Callet of 5 shotguns for the said case at the forest area of the village of Pi Ki, Village No. 4, Pilok Subdistrict, Thong Pha Phum District, Kanchanaburi Province on January 9 at the time. About 10.00 hrs. Later, on January 12, at 7:00 pm, the Thong Pha Phum National Park staff Have inspected 2 remaining tigers and firearms according to the middle account Send an inquiry official In order to investigate the offender to prosecute according to the law The police officers in the police station and Thong Pha Phum police station received an order from the supervisor to jointly investigate and investigate the offender. Later, on January 13, 65, at approximately 6:00 am. Officials have investigated that there are a total of 5 criminals who shoot the tiger. Log, Thong Pha Phum, the inquiry official has gathered evidence. Submitted to the court to approve the arrest warrant for all offenders. Which the court approved the arrest warrant 1-5/2562, therefore expedited the investigation and tracking the said group In order to take the legal proceedings but did not find the police, the investigation team then pressured the relatives and local leaders to follow and meet the officers for investigation. Until approximately 09.30 hrs. The operating unit was informed by Mr. Prasat Daeng Thoen, Village Headman, Village No. 4, Pilok Sub -district, Thong Pha Phum District, informed that he could follow the accused a total of 4 people. Thong Pha Phum Police Station and Pol.Lt.Col. Nawat Phon Sariput, Police Station, Pihok, together, traveled to pick up the investigation at Thong Pha Phum Police Station. After that, the police arrested the 5 accused. Things with belongings Send the inquiry official to proceed with the case. According to the initial investigation, the accused confessed that they had actually committed the crime, claiming that the cause of this tiger shot, because they were a career in raising cows, but because of their cows, they were eaten by tigers. Over 20 people then bring the firearms they have to take to prevent pets. Then fired 2 tigers, then the Thong Pha Phum Park staff came to detect At that time, they were shocked and ran away, while Mr Cho testified that he entered the real national park. But did not join the shot with the accused 1-4 in any way
Notify the famous football club presidentDeceived to invest in lotteriesAlmost a billion fraud!|Notify the famous football club president with his wife. Deceived to invest in lotteries The damage value of nearly a billion! (14 Jan 65) at Muang Khon Kaen Police Station, Lawyer Sittira premiums Along with the victims Reported the prosecution to Col. Preecha Keng Sarikit, Director of the Khon Kaen Police Station After being owned by the famous football club in Kalasin and his wife, deceived, persuaded to invest in lotteries but without lottery Today, there are 12 victims reporting the damage value of 12 million baht, with one of the victims. Who had previously reported the capture of this football club president But today, she came to report more, the wife who posted on Facebook Invest in lotteries Especially himself, only 5 million baht lost. Because there was a conversation with the president of this football club If there is a notification, the lawyer will not be refunded. The lawyer Sitra revealed that today the victim has reported the prosecution. President of the famous football club in Kalasin province with his wife and participants, namely 7 money transfers in the offense of public fraud and Computer Act Bring false information into the computer system By posting inviting that there is a lottery to give to the victim But it appears that once the victim has paid, there is no lottery. There is also a Che in Udon Thani. This person has been cheated by more than 40 million baht and there are also LINE groups with 300 victims, totaling nearly a billion baht. This case is not just ordinary fraud. But invited on Facebook, which is the wife Causing the victim to report more on the wife of this football club president As for the victims in Bangkok Which was president of this football club not sending lotteries Prepared to report more arrests as well Therefore deposited to the public to be careful because this type of offense occurs frequently Which will come in the form of deception, compensation, too high. The lawyer Sitra said that the behavior of the parties has posted inviting that he has a lottery quota. There will be a post to lure the victim that we can find a lottery quota at a cheap price of about 85 baht. In one box, there are 500 cards. Once someone has brought the money to invest the first round, will release the money first and will divide the results. Hundred thousand profits After the victim saw that it was easy to get money Will invest more Similar to the case of chain sharing, the technique is to show lotteries to show And raising funds saying that the price is 70-85 baht. Divide dividends Once a lot of people were able to escape, they could not escape while Col. Preecha Keng Sarikit, Director of Khon Kaen Police Station, said that all the victims who traveled to report today The police have received the matter and conducted an investigation according to the law. Which is currently in the process of investigation
Dark police-search for rescue vehicles, do not carry weapons, dreaded, repeatedly repeat the two foundations, shot together.|Dark police-Search for a rescue vehicle prohibiting the dreaded weapon repeatedly, 2 foundations, shot together, Deputy Commander in Chief of Staff accelerated the surrender before being issued arrest warrants, January 15, 2025, Police Lieutenant Colonel Triarong Phanthaphan, Deputy Commander. metropolitan police Revealed the progress of the case in which the Ruamkanyu Foundation volunteers have quarrels and firearms to shoot with the Petchkasem Foundation Volunteers in Bangkok on January 13 that After yesterday The Metropolitan Police Division 2 is a middleman called the meeting to negotiate with the representatives of both foundations. Enjoined to bring the offender to surrender If not, the inquiry official will gather evidence to issue an arrest warrant. Because he knew the offender Will not wait for one example Therefore, if surrendering first It will be better than an arrest warrant for the incident. In the area of 2 responsible areas. The Thung Song Hong Police Station will be a case of using firearms and physical abuse cases. There are at least 2 people of the crime. There were at least 3 people. However, ordered every police station under the Metropolitan Police Headquarters. Strict search for volunteer vehicles in every foundation To prevent the carrying of weapons that may be used to cause violence
4 prisoners in Prachuap PrisonEscape from the concentrationPendant to win the car-catch an old man as hostage|4 Prisoners, drug addiction, Prachuap Khiri Khan prison Live during the dinner, escape from the place to detain Most recently caught 2 (15 Jan 65) at 18.00 hrs. Col. Sutheewan Sutra, Director of Muang Police Station, Prachuap Khiri Khan Was informed by prison staff Prachuap Khiri Khan province has 4 prisoners, consisting of 29 -year -old USA, the accused of possession of drugs for the sale of the NCC Pongsakorn and the NIA. Charged with possession of drugs for sale All wearing the feet Escape from the resistance of the oscilloschelum-19 Beside the Provincial Waterworks Authority Office Prachuap Khiri Khan Road About 500 meters away from the prison, then ordered the investigative officers. Into the extraction area to capture all the accused Then report to Pol.Lt.Gen. Wanchai Thanatham, Ph.D., Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, there were additional reports that there were prisoners to compete for a Yamaha Sok -shaped motorcycle. At the chicken rice shop under the overpass Opposite the Waterworks Authority to escape, but unable to cross the southern railway to Petchkasem Road. Then left the car and ran to escape to the railway to hide at the injection shop Opposite Prachuap Stadium A prison officer with a number of inmates surrounded before detaining the NCC. Pongsri, 29 years old, the accused of burglary. At the area under the overpass in front of the provincial stadium In addition, another officer Can also arrest the US NIA, another inmates Which was arrested at the southern car Near Soi Don Hiang, the Tambon Island Subdistrict Administrative Organization and the Prachuap Khiri Khan Municipality, causing the remaining 2 inmates, namely B. Pongsakorn and BK Thanawat, the case of drug trafficking. Higs the white motorcycle that drove past While also forcing the owner of the car To sit in the back to be a hostage to escape as well Initially, the direction of the criminals heading on Petchkasem Road to Bangkok. Officials are in the process of arresting. In which the officers inspected the CCTV, found that Inmates stop by to fill the bicycle oil at PT gas station, Ban Bueng on Petchkasem Road. The police officers ordered the radio to order all nearby stations to set up a checkpoint on Petchkasem Road. And the main road avoiding road The inspection found that all 4 prisoners are scheduled to detain a 14-day prevention measures-19. Before being sent to prison in Prachuap Khiri Khan Province By relying on the rhythm of dinner Ran away from the officers
The owner of the shop, the famous child, cheated 20 million victims, a lot of pregnant women.|The owner of the famous Luk Kup shop cheated 20 million pregnant women. The victim is fascinated because the famous business has a face. Finally fled from the case of a Facebook user posted a message that "E -flavored balls, famous Chon Buri Eid _ Kok carried the money to 6.5 million. You want to be able to die for sure. Deceive him all over the hell Close the phase and escape the husband and wife. Some of them are holders. "Ready to post a picture of the famous dessert. Who have released many TV channels and has a notification that Muang Chon Buri Police Station There was a picture of a money slip for a person named Ms. Rasukon Pansai several times, including a million baht. Later, reporters walked towards him. Miss Nattakan, 32 years old, 6,500,000 baht, Miss Salak, 24 years old, 480,000 baht, Miss Rinnapa, 28 years old, the victim of 8 months lost 1,880,000 baht. But there is a group of money together on the day to report that Muang Chon Buri Police Station Many of them are over 11 million baht. Ms Nattakan, 32 years old, said that he knew Ms. Rasukon for 3-4 years. Not a lot of months later came to say that he would go down to let the factory that had a husband, he worked. We believe him because they have a job. He has a dessert that extends to have a house. And the last time in October at the end of the year, there was a problem Send money directly, some are not straight, not sent. So I can't tell. Better to reconcile, he made an appointment on December 5, he didn't transfer money. Postpone the appointment on December 7, he closed the face away. At home, I never trusted him to come to my normal home. He said that we love us. We have no signs that he will escape. Now I can't contact. I was only 6 million and five money in the house and the money of the relatives. In total, 6 million, five, about 15-16 people. I saw about 11 million, but many people who commented are probably over 20. Million baht, they are suffering, do not need to pay debt for others. Leave him back to use to talk and use better and leave the police to help follow up with the case. Miss Salak, 24 years old, the amount of 480,000 baht. More than 400,000 money, he said that he would give him a compensation, so he trusted him. Come late, there is a problem at the end of the year. On December 25, he would like to return. He said that he would clear before the new year. And then he called on January 3, after which he couldn't contact again He said that he didn't have to be afraid of his mother. Mother has a big shop with a famous face. Don't come because of this money But he had fled. Miss Rinnapa, 28 years old, the victim, 8 months, said that both tears Lost 1,880,000 baht, revealed both tears that At first it came to befriend because he was a customer to buy his snacks. And he made us trust, speak well, love, love, love, fans, all children, like adults, loving children Make us trust When he started to know, we trust He will take a little. The first part of the gold for 2 baht 3 baht, said that the customer will pay the last 3 months of the year 64, tell the gold weight of 20 baht. Last time, the gold weighing 17 baht and the latest round of money, asking 600,000 baht. Money to customers first We trust him to transfer 600,000 baht, including a total of 1,880,000 baht. Contact all the time. He said that do not worry. Mother is here. Mother does not escape. We trust in the latter. He tried to call him. And he never said that he would escape He always said that the mother is famous for the mother's face that has been created for many years. He tried to say anything until the last day, knowing in the morning, closed the face and couldn't contact. He called him. He said that he would finally give the installments. Made a contract Not all stretching Will all be returned and have a contract to sign Until Saturday, close the face away. Not yet able to go home Someone called that he had fled. Meaning that I want to tell you Trusting elder Rom, always wanting elder taste to be sympathetic, now it's close to birth Every baht that has been prepared for you Now will come back one new The money to invest in trading and the money that was saved to give birth is no longer. Always told me that Will use the New Year's money because they have to save money to give birth He said that he always trusted him. I didn't think he would go like this.
Extinguished the anonymous man, being crushed by the Red Line.Before reaching the Samian Nari Temple Station|An anonymous man was hit by a red line. Over the body is broken in the middle of the rail Before reaching the Samian Nari Temple Station, the dusty person has not yet known to that point. Reporters reported that today (15 Jan) at 22.30 hrs. . On the BTS BTS Wat Samian Nari Station, Lat Yao Subdistrict, Chatuchak District, Bangkok at the scene of the Red Line electric train Inbound heading to Bang Sue Central Station Away from the Samian Temple Station Found dead in the middle of the rail The body was a man aged about 30-40 years. The feet were torn on both sides, leaving only the body in the middle of the rail. Wear a gray T -shirt Gray shorts Inside the body does not have documents with you. Only 1,000 baht per banknote and 1 100 baht per piece and only in hand masks. According to the investigation, before the Red Line Which left the Bang Sue Central Station heading to Rangsit destination station When passing through Chatuchak Station To go to the Samian Nari Temple Station The driver heard the tight from the car. Therefore informing the staff to inspect And found the said deceased Before informing the temporary bus In order to wait for the officers to move the body of the death inspector, S. Raphanawong revealed that officials do not know who the deceased is. And how to go to that point The area is in the middle of the road. There is no station. The staff must wait to check all the surrounding CCTV. Still cannot specify the death of why Will it be suicide or not? Have to wait for the autopsy thoroughly and clearly prove the person before Officials sent the forensic examination of the police hospital before proceeding with the next step.
Gathering a stingy girl selling phones on FacebookDeceive the victim, transfer money and block|The Police Department gathered a female vendor to sell more than a hundred victims, found since the year. 56 Crime Suppression Division Central Police Headquarters Joint arrest Ms. Bubsarin (Reserved surname), 29 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant of the Mae Sot Provincial Court at 107/2557, dated 30 September 2014 on charges of "fraud" by arresting at a market, Village No. 2, Ban Klang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Province Pathum Thani, circumstance The accused deceived selling mobile phones via Facebook page. Which has posted a message selling the phone with pictures The purchase-selling details are specified. Build credibility that there are real products. When the victim believes And order through the said Facebook page The accused will allow the victim to transfer the telephone fee to the accused in full. When the accused received the money, he would evade and refused to send the phone to the victim. And blocked the victim until it could not be contacted again. From the investigation, it was found that There are more than a hundred victims being bought and bought a phone. Damage is 8,000-30,000 baht per person. The accused has caused the crime since 2013 and still floats. Until the police officers of the Royal Thai Police have investigated that the accused had escaped. The ceiling is in Bangkok and know that the accused and the girlfriend are using a car to travel to a market, Village No. 2, Ban Klang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Pathum Thani Province. say Therefore acted as a police officer and arrested the accused Send the inquiry officer of Mae Ramat Police Station, Tak Province for further legal proceedings. And from inquiring the preliminary accused Confessed throughout the allegations while the reporter examined the more information that The accused has caused the incident since 2013. In addition, many victims have created a fan page to alert. Including trying to follow Ms. Bubsarin came to prosecute until the latest was arrested.
Catch another 2 prisoners to escape Prachuap Prison.Revealing the warrantyGive a hundred to comfort|In the case of 4 prisoners in Prachuap Khiri Khan Province Escape from the first place to detain before sending into the prison to find the 19 -sided cow, the Provincial Waterworks Authority Office, Prachuap Khiri Khan, about 500 meters away from the prison, consisting of Mr. US, aged 28, Mr. Pongkorn, 35, Mr Thanawat 21 years old, Mr. Pongsiri, 25 years old, based on a chaotic rhythm while eating dinner All wearing the ankle. Later, the police officers in Prachuap Khiri Khan Arrested the United States and Mr. Pongsiri after winning the Honda Scoopy, Blue White, license plate 717, Prachuap from the villagers at the chicken rice shop under the overpass. The area under the overpass in front of the provincial stadium arrests Mr US on the Southern Railway, near Soi Don Ying, about 1 km away from the containment. At 6:00 pm January 15, the progress (16 Jan 65) at 11.00 hrs. Police Colonel Suthiwan Sutra, Director of the Police Station, Prachuap Khiri Khan, led the investigation officer of the police station to investigate the provincial police, arrested the criminals along the way to escape, even arresting Mr. Pongkorn and Mr Thanawat 2, prisoners at Don Sai Temple, Village No. 1, Thap Chong Subdistrict, Khao Yoi District, Phetchaburi Province, then detained by Maj. Gen. Thanayut Wutthit Rusthamrong, Commander of the Provincial Police Region 7 (Commander in Chief 7) together with the group to travel with a helicopter to interrogate the accused and inspect the scene in the first place, while the officers have coordinated close relatives to ask to surrender, but the criminals still escape. Beginning with the Honda Wave motorcycle hijacking, one of the elderly men ride past and captured as hostage. Sitting on the end, riding to escape on Petchkasem Road, inbound, Bangkok. According to the CCTV inspection, the inmates stop by to fill the bicycle fuel at PT PT pump on the Petchkasem Road before Mr Thanawat leading the elderly. The mother's house at Village No. 12, Ao Noi Subdistrict, to ask for 500 baht and change the motorcycle to Honda Wave, red, black, registration 1, 8879. For the said case, while the provincial executives, the commander of Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, has not yet clarified the fact that the deficiency of any unit. In the midst of the anxiety of many people who have houses near the province prison in the center of the city, afraid of the first inmates will be repeated, may not be safe with life and property.
The battle for her?Shooting a big boyThe bullet pierced the 6 shots, hijacked the driver to escape with a woman.|Shooting a big boy The bullet pierced the 6 shots before hijacking the driver. Motorcycle Expected a young woman's knot, police officer, Bang Na Police Station, along with the probation and rescue team, Ruam Kanyu Foundation Inspected the incident. Mr. Satit, 45, was 47 years old, using a 9 mm firearm to shoot in the middle of the back of 4 matches, 1 match and another 1 match, a total of 6 matches until Seriously injured Inside Soi Sergeant 9, the old railway road, Pak Nam, Bang Na area, which later rescued, therefore, helped before being taken to the hospital. Black, registration number 3, 4220 Bangkok Which is the car of the injured And also found a white motorcycle brand Honda Registration number 925 Bangkok Which was the car of the crime, left before fleeing, inquiring the villagers saw the incident that While he was in the house, he heard the sound of 5 shots, so he walked out to see the balcony on the 2nd floor of the house. But the start is about 4-5 times, but the starter does not get stuck. During that time, there is a motorcycle hired. The culprit then called and stacked the back with a young woman and used a gun to hijack the back, forcing him to escape to the entrance of the old railway road. He then came down to see the injured, found that there was still breath and was able to communicate and stated that he knew the person who made the name of Ja's name in this area. Before he informed the 62 -year -old police officer, a motorcycle driver who sent a criminal While he drove a motorcycle, the criminals came out in front of the car and sent to the entrance of the alley opposite the sailors, the old railway road. By allowing the woman to sit in the middle, while the criminals sit at the back On the way, noticed that the criminals were flustered, causing themselves to be shocked and thought that they were drug dealers who were in the process of fleeing the police. But didn't know that the shot But he didn't see the firearm of the criminal Before he went to deliver the destination and another motorcycle hired to continue while Miss Suwani, the host, the host that the culprit said that Before the incident There was a young woman sitting on a motorcycle hired from the mouth of Soi Sukhumvit 70 /5. During that time, the injured person drove a motorcycle and had argued all the way to the girl. Until arriving at the room of Mr Thanadej, the cause of the crime, then he heard the voice between the injured and the cause of the argument. They then come out to dissuade and if there are problems, go to clear each other because they are considerate of those who live in the dormitory. Before the cause of the motorcycle took the girl out While the injured person drove a motorcycle out and found the area of the incident, the shooting occurred. The police officers in the investigation of Bang Na police have inspected the CCTV in which the criminals dodged to chase and follow. Along with coordinating the inquiry official to gather evidence to approve the court issued an arrest warrant On charges of trying to kill and the firearm Act Expected to be caused by adultery
The young man was brutal, married for only 2 months.Before the bombing of his head died|The mother shocked her son, using a gun to shoot a mess. Before the bombing of his head died Despite just getting married for 2 months, the reporter reported that yesterday at 22.00 hrs. Chaisit Sakul, Deputy Director of the Investigation Police Station, Kumphawapi Police Station, Udon Thani Province, was informed of the shooting. There were 2 people died at a house, Village No. 13, Ban Dong Noi, Pako Subdistrict, Kumphawapi District, where the scene was a 2 -story wooden house. The dead were found as a husband and wife. Blood 1 ammunition into the head and Ms. Araya, 26 years old, lying on his back 1 bullet into the head and 1 left shoulder shoulder. There is a 9 mm Thai gun falling on the floor. Along with 4 shells, with many villagers focusing on the area around Nang Dara house, 58 years old. The man's mother said that the daughter -in -law is at his house. After the son called his wife to come home Which has a voice like an argument And the daughter -in -law asked the relatives to ride the motorcycle to send to the house And will drive the pickup truck to send relatives at home But still not getting in the car, had an argument with each other, so he went out to see and told his son and daughter -in -law Come and quarrel, don't come. After that he walked into the house. Then heard the sound of 3 loud guns, so he ran out Found that his son was using a gun to shoot his head Cry and tell the son, don't do it But his son fired a gun to shoot himself Before falling down beside the body of a daughter -in -law, the reason is from jealousy because of fear that the wife will go to another person. In which he knew that his son was jealous In which the son and daughter -in -law can only eat for 2 months but still don't have children The son of a man thought that his wife would have a new person, who he had heard of his son and daughter -in -law talking that if there was a new person to kill him. He didn't think that he would kill each other like this. Every time he comes to the house, they will argue with this matter regularly. But if going to the woman's house, he will not quarrel. She is not knowing what to do. He always warned his son to not do it again because he would be in prison for life. Today, the son looks strange because the son came to hug, fragrant, unusually mother and told her to let her mother suddenly. Don't think too much The child did not order anything until the matter happened. Mr Sawang, 69 years old, the father of the woman said that in the evening, both of them came to eat at their home. There is no symptoms that there will be an argument. After that, the son -in -law rode the motorcycle back to his house. And at about 8:00 pm, the son -in -law called his daughter To go back to sleep at the husband's house. Both of them are going to go to sleep at the female house and the male house. Because the mother of the son -in -law is not strong Will come to cook rice to cook As for the dowry that came to ask for a daughter in the amount of 2.5 thousand baht, because it was just a wristwood to marry for only 2 months for the incident. I don't know what to do. I was sorry. I already told my daughter that if choosing to be dating anyone, then choose to see itself because they are already grown up. But the son -in -law will be jealous Quarrel very often Even brothers and sisters Who has been a man who has talked and played together since childhood is still jealous Before the incident, the daughter gave the aunt riding a motorcycle to the husband's house. Then was shot dead. Pol. Maj. Gen. Phitsanu Mueamseri, Ph.D., Udon Thani Province, revealed that after the initial inquir The witness saw the incident, the male mother. Hearing loudly, then came out to see that the son used a gun to shoot his wife Before using the same gun to shoot himself, with men who have been in jail in the case of jointly kill and drug cases After being acquitted Went to ask a woman to marry But the side is jealous Let his wife resign from work at the sugar factory. Come to do farming at home Can only live together for 2 months, but because the man is jealous Therefore, the said tragic incident then gave the body to the relatives to perform according to tradition.
Mae Oh, the son-in-law shot his daughter-shooting himselfRevealing the bad omenThe monk will have 2 dead.|In the case of Mr. Phan Thong, 34 years old, the husband used a 9 mm firearm to shoot Miss Araya, 26 years old, his wife died before using the same gun to shoot her temples. The incident occurred last night under the base of the house number 30, Village No. 13, Ban Dong Noi, Pako Subdistrict, Kumphawapi District, Udon Thani Province. At 10.30 hrs. On January 17, 2022, reporters traveled to House No. 30, Dong Noi, Pako Subdistrict, Kumphawapi District, Udon Thani Province, which was the funeral of Mr. Phan Thong Saen, 34 years old. Relatives and villagers come to join the funeral with sadness. There is a tent. And cooking the guests who attended the event with a 58 -year -old star, mother who died in front of the son's coffin And lit incense and knock the coffin. Tell the child. Don't worry about the mother. And worried about anything Although the mother is alone But there are relatives and grandchildren to take care of and go to happiness. The male mother revealed that Last night after the incident He and his relatives prepared to organize the funeral of his son. Until not sleeping, could not sleep all night And this morning he made 5 or more on the Buddha's shelf on the second floor of the house. To ask for forgiveness from the soul of the grandparents And the owner To recognize the sons And told the spirit to rise, do not worry, and go well because of the end of the duty of this life, while he was praying in front of the shelf, the monk trembled until the amulet fell to the ground. Worried about the mother who was alone at home After the daughter traveled to work in Korea As for the tragic incident, he did not blame anyone. Blame your own son who loves and is too jealous of his wife. And in the past, the parents and relatives of the daughter -in -law were very good And never had a feud before Even still loving Pong Dong well all the time And today, the afternoon will move the body of the son to the cremation funeral at Pa Vivek Weluwan Temple, at the same time at House No. 1, Dong Noi, Pako Subdistrict, Kumphawapi District, which is the house of Miss Araya Daeng or Wet. 26 years old, the wife has the same funeral. With villagers and relatives attending the funeral Help each other to pitch the tent. And cooking to welcome guests who attended the event early The atmosphere is full of grief of relatives. With Mrs. Krai Daeng, 64 years old, the mother of Ms. Araya Sit and welcome the guests who come to light incense in front of the daughter's coffin in the house. And lit the incense to tell the daughter to go well Born in the next life, I asked my daughter to look as beautiful as in this life. And if the next life is true, asking to be born as the youngest daughter of another mother, Nun Krai revealed that after the trag He couldn't sleep. Sitting and crying in front of the daughter's coffin And didn't see the souls of the daughter to do anything to see everything, but there was something wrong. This morning, there was no crowd crying to hear even one. After singing 3-4 consecutive days before the incident with her girl, and about 1-2 weeks ago, there was another flying around the village. There were 3-4 people in the village died and cremated the funeral until all the bodies. But the crowd still flew to sing again Phra Luang Pho at the temple said that In the village, there are probably 2 dead bodies, but do not think that it will be the body of his daughter and son -in -law. And didn't think that it would be a death like this, so would like to leave as an example of jealousy And the use of emotions is not good Like the events that occurred to his daughter and stood up As for the relatives on both sides, they were not fascinated or resentful. And do not apologize to anyone because both of them have passed away And asked both souls to forgive each other Including relatives on both sides as well In which the body of the daughter will crem the cremation at Pa Vivek Weluwan Temple On Wednesday afternoon Because today the temple is attached to the son -in -law Tomorrow is on Tuesday. Which is a hard day Isan people hold each other
Lala-Thanya R Siam cried.The clue is a Naga daughter.|Lala-Thanya R Siam reported to the PO. Then condone the troll. The clues of the Naga reporter reported that today (18 January) at 10:00 am at the Police Department, 4th floor, B Building, Chaeng Watthana Kwannapha Rueangsri or Lala R Siam and the star. Chavinan or Thanya R Siam, a young country singer The owner of the Naga Nagala's daughter page & Thanya traveled to meet. Police Lieutenant Colonel Piyawat Pranya, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Kor. 3, Por. Came in to curse the parents with rude words in LINE Of the Naga's daughter line About the belief that he had to the serpent To the point of performing the offering of the daughter of the serpent. The two of us, during this period, people will see that the wiring in the dance with love. Belief and faith We didn't refer to and disrespect, but 3-4 days ago, there was a message in LINE. The second we created to communicate with our fans. Is a rude and unacceptable person In the event that someone has cursed, it has passed, but this person uses the line to complain and then spread to the parents. The words that he curses that our parents are with the serpent. Why did you call yourself a Naga daughter? The word "Naga's daughter" here, we mean, showing respect in us, will leave as a child like that. As for the serpent, we respect it as a sacred thing. We therefore leave ourselves as a Naga daughter. Is a word that we say and call ourselves. He curses the two of us. Is a very rude word Complaining that we don't respect Buddhism anymore or not to pay obeisance. He would like to say that before going to pay respect to any sacred We must always invite the Buddha, Dharma, monks and prayers. At first, the admin was still still. Do not respond, but it is like provoking. Come back and express many more opinions Until the admin returned Why did you look down on this way? Will make a sample case Which he believed that this kind of opinion would definitely have come in If he does not love faith like us, it will pass like the conflict in Thai society in terms of color. Both sides No need to interfere only If we comment But not to curse our parents like this Today we have enough money to eat. What we want is to hope to bring ourselves to ask for forgiveness from our parents. In addition to the line, we have another Facebook account. That the writing is similar to the police to investigate and prove the wrongdoer to prosecute according to the law to the end The inquiry official was reported to send evidence of both LINE and Facebook, which both victims brought to the investigation. To proceed with the law
Nemesis throughout the house!The park ordered to expel 5 families.Out of the area|Today (18 Jan 65) Mr. Niphon Chamnongsirisak The director of the Conservation Area 3 (Ban Pong) revealed that according to the policy of "TSC is one single" and the TSD raised the X's X's power of Mr. Warawut Silpa -archa, Minister of Natural Resources and Environment. And according to the order of Mr. Jatuporn Manaphat, Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment And the command of the Director -General of the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation, to raise the operation of the prevention and suppression of the smuggling of deforestation and wildlife hunting in Kanchanaburi, as all 5 of the accused consist of 1 Mr. Ratchanon Charoensap, 30 years old. 2. Mr. Supachai Charoensap, 34 years old 3. Mr. Jor of the Treasury 38 years old 4. Mr. Ku Kyun, aged 37 years. On the charge of hunting for the endangered tiger protection In the Thong Pha Phum National Park without permission, including 10 other charges, totaling 11 charges on January 12, 2022 and January 15, 2022 and on January 15, 2022, the staff searched the guesthouse. Relying on 5 suspects (4 houses), located in Khao Laem National Park In Village No. 4, Pilok Subdistrict, Thong Pha Phum District, Kanchanaburi Province, but did not find evidence of the offense of the offense. Relaxing to live in Khao Laem National Park According to the Cabinet's resolution on June 30, 1998, but the Cabinet resolution in the protection of forest areas and others. Has stipulated that if there is any action, which is an invasion of a new forest or expanding the living area Or is the destruction Or affecting the treatment of forests Or the environment To proceed with the law And to prevent To prevent the occupation of the area The authority will order the offender to leave the area, destroy, demolish and or take other actions. According to the law, which all 5 suspects have hunted a tiger that is an endangered wildlife or illegal charges of other charges. In Thong Pha Phum National Park As for relatives and followers That lives in the said house or house Do you know or know about the said matter? And do not dissuade the said actions It is an act that affects the treatment of forests and the environment, therefore violating or breaking the conditions. According to the Cabinet's resolution, 30 June 1998. Therefore, the 5 suspects, relatives and followers in the house or 4 houses, must leave the Khao Laem National Park and must destroy demolition of the houses or 4 houses. After the said area of Khao Laem National Park, according to the Cabinet, 30 June 1998, the prevention provided by today, Mr. Niphon has ordered Mr. Rasa Isad, Head of Khao Laem National Park. Mr. Sarun Wutthasarayut, Head of Forest Protection Unit at Kor. 18 (Wang Kiang), Capt. Kanchanaburi and 30 forest guardians to announce the order Let the 5 suspects, relatives and followers in the house Or all 4 houses have to go out of Khao Laem National Park And have to demolish the house or house to the Khao Laem National Park within 30 days from today, otherwise it must be prosecuted National Park Act 2019, Section 19 (1) Base Land within the national park without permission Shall be punished with imprisonment of 4 years to 20 years or fined from 4 hundred thousand to 2 million baht or both
"Toilet Sukphat" sang the Minister of DES. Father was tricked by more than 1.3 million.|"Toilet Sukphat", actress, singer, Ministry of DES Father was hit by the call center gang, claiming to be the AMLO-police police officer, deceived the money transfer of 1,350,000. Baht reporter reported that yesterday (18 Jan) at 14.00 hrs. At the MDES1 meeting room, 9th floor, Ministry of Digital for Economy and Society, Mr. Chaiwut Thanasanusorn The Minister of Digital Economy and Society, together with Col. Siriwat Dee, Deputy Commander in Chief / Deputy spokesman for the police. 36 -year -old Watcharin or toilet Baht by claiming that Father committed wrong Related to illegal things If you don't want the bank account to be free (Suspended) for a period of 7 months to check Please transfer money in the account to the bank's bank account. AMLO, his father was fooled by the criminal, then transferred the money to the accounts that the criminals reported 3 times. The incident occurred on Saturday 15 January before reporting the police at Phahonyothin police station but could not catch the criminal. Other horse accounts Out of Mr. Sukphat or toilet added that He was called by a criminal to be a police officer. Chiang Mai Police Station There is an illegal movement, must transfer money to check up to 3 times as well. But don't believe Whether to warn the parents at home, be careful but forget Father then came to be tricked by the call center gang. Right now, his own father is in stress and regretting the money that has been accumulated for many years. Mr. Chaiwat, Minister of DES, said that for the money transferred account, the officials know that it is a horse account. And has already seized the account But the said amount has been relocated outside the account At the moment, the police are in the process of gathering evidence in accordance with the legal procedures and warning the public. Do not believe. Or send evidence documents to LINE because when you get these images, you can edit Confirm the government agencies do not call people directly and warning to those who buy bank accounts or open a horse account. Considered to be guilty of money laundering as the contractor of another offender The case of Mr. Sukphat has given to the NACC and the Police Department to help inspect the case from the area. Phahonyothin Police Station continue with the side. Police Colonel Siriwat, Deputy Commander in Chief, said that In the past, crime in the form of a call center gang. Often claiming to be a police or law enforcement agency After that, claiming that your bank account is involved in an offense or parcel sent abroad is involved in illegal issues such as drug trafficking, etc., must transfer money in the bank account to the inspection officials. The format has been developed to fake the subpoena of the inquiry official. Or documents of government agencies In order to cause the victim to be shocked and afraid that it will be prosecuted Therefore fascinated to transfer money to the fraudulent account of the Royal Thai Police Would like to study with the people that Various law enforcement agencies There is no need for the bank account owner to transfer money to the staff for inspection. Which, if it is a bank account that is involved in the offense Investigation officers or officials may use the law under the law to check the information with the bank or attach money in the said bank account. If receiving the phone claiming in such a manner Should be acted as follows: 1. Called, do not panic and do not believe. 2. Inquire about what happened clearly. And explore whether they are related to the matter that the criminal calls to deceive or not. 3. Do not do anything. By informing that he will contact you later And hurry to hang up the call. 4. Check information with reliable sources such as banks or agencies that are false. By contacting the telephone number of that department. 5. If anyone calls to inquire about personal information Always think that it may be a criminals And must not disclose any personal information Absolutely if the people found that There are people claiming to be a bank. Or law enforcement agencies Please transfer money to the inspection staff. Please report the clue to the hotline 191 or the National Police Hotline 1599 24 hours a day.
A 15 -year -old girl was shocked by vet, arrested for genitals.While carrying a cat to treatment at the clinic|Auntie took the 15 -year -old niece to report the back of the veterinarians, lustful to the genitals while taking the cat to heal. Still calm for the number Walk to the car, reporter reported that yesterday (18 Jan) at 8:00 pm, Mr. Rich (reserved surname), 42 years old, brought the Miss A (assumed name), aged 15 years in the symptoms. A panorated and frightened Travel to Khlong Luang police station In order to report to Pol.Lt.Col. Uthai Thongsa, the police officer, investigated Khlong Luang police station in order to prosecute a veterinarian who has a clinic to treat animals at Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province The cat went to treat Prime Minister, revealed that he invited the grandchildren to this clinic in order for the niece to help carry the cat to cut silk. After earlier, the cat was sterilized at this place, during the incident. I was in front of the counter charged. In which the niece is behind the counter, which is a partition causing himself to not see anything anymore Until driving back to the house, he learned about what happened. Revealed with a trembling voice that At the time of the incident, he was putting the cat in a cage. Because the veterinarian watched the wound that had sterilized the cat and found that the wound had not healed. Therefore giving medicine to eat and give again next week In which the aunt sat in front of the shop Which has another partition while he is putting a cat in a cage The veterinarian pulled out his own shirt and gradually. Eliminated into the warm pants and then grabbed the genitals by doing it 2 times, then he was shocked and shocked because he couldn't do anything. After that, the veterinarian also told me that I can ask for the number. After that, the veterinarian walked to send himself to the car, Pol.Col. Uthai Thongsa, Seaweed. And there will be interrogation of victims with multidisciplinary for further legal proceedings.
Shock, executives, famous furniture companiesThe smoke committed suicide in the car parked in front of the house.|Famous furniture executives Lighting the smoked stove, died in a sedan parked in front of the wife's house, weeping to find the body in the morning, the reporter reported that today (19 Jan) at 07.30 hrs. Scholar Wisut Seriphan, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Bang Bon Police Station, was notified of the deaths of the smoke in the car. Parked in front of one house, Bang Bon 5 Road, Subdistrict and Bang Bon District, Bangkok, therefore, went to inspect with the Forensic Medicine, Siriraj Hospital and Ruam Kanyu Foundation, which was a 2 -story detached house planted in the edge of the fence. About 60 square wah, check the front of the house. Found a sedan brand Toyota, Blue model, registration number 965, Bangkok Parked to shut down all 4 side mirror in the parking space at the driver's seat, found the body of Mr. Udom (reserved surname), aged 66 years, the owner of the house and is the senior director Famous furniture company Died in a wearing condition Blue short -sleeved T -shirt Wearing a gray warm pants The passenger seat Behind the driver, found a stove. Light smoked in the car Until the charcoal has extinguished 1 card, the authorities therefore collected the details found as evidence from the investigation Mrs. Thanyarat (reserved surname), aged 64, the wife gave the whole tears that he lived with Mr. Udom in this house for only 2 people. The children separated to live elsewhere. Saw Mr Udom last time at midnight, half past until waking up in the morning Saw Mr. Udom to sit unconscious inside the car parked in front of the house When opening the car door, he found 1 stove on the back. Once collected, he quickly informed the security guards to try to pump the heart. But did not believe that the husband would intend to smoke suicide In the middle of the night he was sleeping As for the reason, there is nothing except The illness is beset with pressure, diabetes and vascular disease, which makes the husband walk for a while. inquiry official Therefore gave the body to the Rescue Unit to send the Institute of Forensic Service, Siriraj Hospital in order to conduct an autopsy to find the cause of death. In detail again Before having the relatives travel to receive the body to come back to perform as according to tradition
rumored!Catch the abbot of the famous temple in Roi EtThickness, 3 years old and 8 years old in the cubicle|The scandalous story of the monk's circles again. This time is the abbot of the famous temple in Roi Et Province, on 18 January 65, it was reported that Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander of the National Police Along with the investigation force of Region 4 Investigation Department, Roi Et Province And the investigation department Roi Et Police Station Arrested The Rector Thanom, 66 years old, an abbot of a temple in Na Pho Subdistrict, Muang District, Roi Et Province, on charges of without reason, separating children under the age of 15 to lose from parents, indecent acts for children under the age of 15. Year and import any computer system That has pornography and information. The general public may access With evidence of pictures and clips of children in mobile phones a lot. The arrest set learned that Rector of Thanom There is a behavior that likes to deceive girls to do indecent in the cubicle. The officer then investigated. Until knowing that the victim is a 3 -year -old girl and 8 years old for the circumstances of the abbot Will make the dessert and lure the child into the cubicle Then tell the child to take off the pants And indecent Ready to take pictures and clips. From checking the mobile phone of the Rector of Thanom Found a lot of pictures and clips The officers then kept it as evidence from the investigation of the abbot, testifying that he was ordained 19 years and admitted that he had truly buried kids. After completing, will bring money and snacks initially. Officials have brought the Rector to feel Before detained to make a confession plan And proceed with legal proceedings
The former director of Joe testified in the court to cover the real black bag.But not tightPointed out the clip, edited in some parts|At 10:00 am on January 19, 2022 at the Criminal Court, corruption and misconduct in the middle of Nakhon Chai Si Rd., The court made an appointment to inspect the criminal case number at the 180/2564, which the prosecutor is the plaintiff sued. Police Colonel Thitisan Uthaphon or the Director of Joe and 7 people are the defendants on charges of guilt as a joint official or omitted their duties in order to cause damage to one person. any Or practice or refrain from performing duties with corruption, as a government official, jointly practice or refrain from practical in any position or duties or use the power in the position or duties illegally in order to cause damage to one person. Or practice or refrain from performing duties with corruption, jointly killing others by torture Or by cruelty and together from five or more people to rape others to do Not doing anything Or agreeing to be afraid that it will be harmful to life, body, freedom, reputation or property of the rape. Or others Or by using the violence until the rape must be done Do not do that or remember that According to the Criminal Code, Section 83, 157, 288, 289 (5), 309 paragraph 2, Organic Act on Prevention and Suppression of Corruption 2018, Section 4,172, due to Mr. Jiraphong Than Phat or Mawin, the deceased, which was captured and controlled in a drug case and killed to death while in the control of the official. During the period 4-6 August 2021, at Nakhon Sawan Police Station, the plaintiff, joined and withdrawn the defendant 1-7 from the prison, including all the defendant's lawyer to the court. The court inspected the evidence and the plaintiff to join the defendant 1-7 and the defendant's lawyer has already investigated, with the 7 defendants receiving the fact that during the incident, all 7 defendants were in the position of police officers who investigated and suppressed the law as a government official. On the day of the incident, arresting Mr. Jiraphong or Mawin and Ms. Kanokwan (Surname Surname), wife after finding evidence as a type 1 methamphetamine Or 300 grams of ice. After that, the arresting set inspected Mr. Jiraphong or Mawin's mobile phone, found that there were many photos of drugs. Therefore went to search the house, which belongs to the father of Mr. Jiraphong, but no evidence was found. Later, the defendant 1-7 brought Mr. Jiraphong to investigate the results at the special laboratory. Many plastic bags come to the head of Mr. Jiraphong and the defendant 2-7 in the room at the time of the incident and the defendant 1-7 admitted that the camera recorded the image and the image that appeared at the defendant 1-7 as himself. Wearing a set on the day of the incident, according to the documents in the court, the court scheduled a total of 23 witnesses, scheduled for 19-21 Feb 65 and 5-6, 12-13 March 65. However, the same date date 13 Feb 65 must be canceled because the court has moved to a new office. Go to Chimplee Subdistrict, Taling Chan District, Bangkok. Reporters reported that During the evidence examination Col. Thitisan, the first defendant wearing a light brown prisoner uniform Looks solemn throughout the consideration Announced to the court that On the day of the incident, I acknowledged that many black bags were covered with Mr. Jiraphong. But did not hold the strangulation tightly to the point of suffocation Just scared and asked the court to check the clip sent for the first time. Due to editing clips, trying to save the life of Mr. Jiraphong And some police pictures that were at the scene And testified that it was not at the scene because the clip owner was involved And he sent a full clip through the lawyer to the court to consider, with the court notified that All the clips of the court will be used as evidence objects. If the defendant saw each other, it was said that in the process of consideration And if you see that when all the witnesses who have made the appointment, the facts are not complete. The court may consider the witness later. Later, Mr. Chokchai Angkaew, the lawyer of Col. Thitisan revealed that there was an appointment for the first meeting of 19-20 Feb.. On March 13, the case is now in the court consideration process. He also acts as a lawyer, the inquiry system is a system that the court seems to be not enough facts.
The 15 -year -old mother challenged the scandal veterinarian.If not doing pornographic, then come out to talk.Don't care about money|From the case of Prime Minister, 42 years old, bringing the A. A. (assumed name), aged 15, who was in a panic, frightened, traveled to Khlong Luang Police Station to report to Pol.Lt.Col. Inspector of Khlong Luang Police Station in order to prosecute a veterinarian who has animal clinic at Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, after the niece brought the cat to be treated and was abused by the veterinarian. The progress at January 19, 2022, she desires 34 years old, along with her daughter traveling to Khlong Luang police station to provide additional information to the Khlong Luang Police Station investigation officers. Today, the daughter is still in shock. Shaking and crying when thinking of the incident And regret the incident, she wishes (mother) revealed that she had seen only television news, not thinking that this kind of event would be born with her daughter. I would like to ask the veterinarian if it has this high knowledge, making things like this. Herself and his daughter reported the allegations. The veterinarian, why not come out to talk? If not made to talk to each other Not escaping like this He couldn't accept and very stressful. Can not accept the events that occur in the case of the case He was not afraid that someone would help the veterinarian. However, he will prosecute to the end. He wanted the veterinarian to come out, apologize and talk. Didn't want to claim money Because money is not important He can raise money for children. I have a house, have a car, not in trouble about money. Now asking the veterinarian to come out while the veterinary clinic, which is a shop on the area of Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, found that the storefront is closed. By pulling the rolling door tightly down Police Colonel Kiatisak Mitrassat, Director of Khlong Luang Police Station, revealed that the investigative officers invited the veterinarian to give a testimony to the inquiry official. But the person didn't wish to travel With an appointment for the victim to go to the multidisciplinary exam If the evidence appeared Will request the power of Thanyaburi Provincial Court issued an arrest warrant Initially, it is considered an offense of obscenity. In this regard, the inquiry official gave the clinic to send evidence as a closed circuit to the officers to inspect the case. If the parties are sincere, they can give to the police to bring the case.
Gather the former village headmanEscape the death penalty, hiring to kill S. Surat. The case is 40.|Gather the former village headman Escape the death penalty, hiring to kill S. Surat, the famous case of 40, another suspect also escaped the Crime Suppression Division. Central Police Headquarters Under the supervision of Maj. Gen. Jiraphop Phurdej, the Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commissioner, ordered Maj. Gen. Montri Thot Khan, Commander in Chief, Police Colonel Nattaphong Wongpitabut, Col. Phatthanasak Bubphasuwan, Pol. Col. Pornsak Laojiralai, Deputy Commander in Chief, Pol. Por., Pol. Col. Ranakorn Sukmongkol, Pol. Col. Supakorn Tangkaprasert, Pol.Col. Phattharaphan Siripheimpoolchai, Deputy Director of Police 4, Police Officer Led by Pol.Col. Ekkasit Panita, Deputy Director of the 4th Army, Police Colonel Saran Sripak, Police Department 4, together with police officers, 4 police officers. Jointly arrest Mr. Chan Narong or Juk (Surname) or Mr. Chin (Sanguan surname), aged 79, who was accused of the arrest warrant of the Chaiya Provincial Court at 26/2546, dated November 5, 2003, which must be found to commit an offense. "Kill others by premiere first" the location of the arrest on the side of the NACC 3025, Phutthabat Subdistrict, Chon Daen District, Phetchabun Province Before the incident around the year 1997, Mr. Chan Narong or Juk Which at that time was the village headman in Tha Chana Subdistrict, Tha Chana District, Surat Thani Province Have a construction career And is the winner of the bidding for the Dredging of the Taling Canal of the Department of Land Development Which while carrying out the said project The accused's company has damaged the crops of the villagers. The villagers therefore gathered to inform Mr Sittichok. (The deceased), which was Surat Thani Province, at that time, helped to solve the problem of suffering. In which the deceased brought the villagers to complain to the Surat Thani governor And the Surat Thani provincial governor ordered the temporary suspension on May 6, 1997 at approximately 21.00 hrs. The criminals used the 5 long shotguns and the Revol server. 38 Shooting Mr. Sittichok To death at Wang Subdistrict, Tha Chana District, Surat Thani Province From the investigation, it is believed to be involved in the case that the deceased is the leader of the villagers to meet the governor. Surat Thani Province To complain to the construction company of the accused In which the police officers were able to prosecute 6 accused, which were 4 gunmen, Mr. Prapan, Mr. Bun, the second defendant, Mr. Lamduan, and Mr. Prathan, the employer, Miss Sopida and Mr. Chan Narong, the accused. Later, the Court of First Instance sentenced to imprisonment. The gunman group of the crime is Mr. Prapan, Mr. Bun and Mr. Lamduan for 40 years. Lifelong imprisonment As for the employer group, Ms. Sopida and Mr. Chan Narong Was sentenced to death Which Mr. Chan Narong and Ms. Sopida have applied to the court to the court until the trial in the Court of Thailand, Charnnarong, the accused and Ms. Sopida applied for bail After that, both escaped. Do not come to listen to the verdict of the Supreme Court, which the Supreme Court decided to punish the death penalty The Chaiya Provincial Court then issued an arrest warrant for the accused later. Later, the arresting police officers learned that Mr. Chan Narong escaped to live in the area of Phutthabat Subdistrict, Chon Daen District, Phetchabun Province. Meet Mr. Chan Narong Walk on the side of the road In front of his own house, Phutthabat Subdistrict, Chon Daen District, Phetchabun Province, therefore showed the arrest warrant of the Chaiya Provincial Court at 26/2546 dated 5 Nov 2003 to Mr. Chan Narong By Mr. Chan Narong I acknowledged that it was a person under the arrest warrant and had never been arrested before. The officer then arrested and detained the Chaiya Provincial Court. In order to proceed according to the law. Inquire about the preliminary accused Confessed throughout the allegations As for the accused who is still fleeing the arrest The authorities will hurry to follow up and prosecute quickly.
The train police fired at the temple of the Makkasan.Found a history of maintaining mental health|The train police fired at the temple of the Makkasan. Found a history of maintaining mental health But the reason for the end of life has not confirmed which causes (20 Jan 65) in the past morning There was a reason to be informed that the police shot dead in the Makkasan Railway Police Station. Initially, the name of the deceased was S.P. Pariwat Munsak, 32 years old, the position of Commander of the Makkasan Railway Police Station. Which is in the process of on duty in the Makkasan Railway Police Station As for the cause of the incident, there was no revelation of the foundation that The corpse of the police. Pariwat found in the hall of the station. Wearing a white T -shirt Black shorts Not wearing uniforms The head found a bullet. Going to the side of the temple left over the right temple, still do not know the size of the ammunition, but initially, the foundation staff who went to collect the body of the deceased did not find firearms and shells. Due to the meeting, the probation officer of the Royal Thai Police and Forensic Medicine The incident has been investigated. It is expected that the evidence will be collected from the incident. Before the foundation arrived at the initial investigation officer of Phayathai Police Station, the owner of the area gave the draft to the Ruam Kanyu Foundation staff. Move, send, autopsy at Forensic Institute Police hospital while Police Colonel Surasak Sittisai, Director 1, provides basic information that The deceased has a history of mental health maintenance. At the police hospital But the reason is not confirmed that it is caused by any matter By the body sent to the National Forensic Science Institute Police hospital to check thoroughly again
Mourning "Captain Ake", sacrificed after charging the young man shot dead.Sadly, the daughter was just 2 years old.|Mourning "Captain Ake", sacrificed after trying to charge the young man The criminal turned to see Podi, at close range. Sadly, the daughter has just 2 years old. In the case of Mr. Manop, 41 years old, the accused caused to kill his wife. And using firearms to shoot Mr Boonlert, 72 years old, the owner of the grocery store until died Using firearms to fight with the police at Nong Pling Police Station during the arrest Until causing Police Lieutenant Colonel Chaiyaphanya Saengpan, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Nong Pling Police Station Being sharp, the long shotgun of the criminal Drill in the chest and right arm Injured The criminal was shot by the police officer to be injured by the arms. Both of them were sent to the heavenly hospital, Pracharak, but in the case of Capt. Seriously injured, the blood donation was requested, which was not able to dispel life. Because the bullet dashed onto the important point of the body, causing Capt. Died at 20.45 hrs. Of the last night, the latest progress On this morning (20 Jan 65), Pol. Maj. Gen. Phayu Than Srisubwong, Deputy Commander in Chief 6, along with Maj. Gen. Rapee Pongsukphaibun Police Station, Nakhon Sawan Province Col. Thirayut Suthiphanphaisan, Director of Nong Pling Police Station And police officers Traveled to Sawan Pracharak Hospital, Muang District, Nakhon Sawan Province to prepare for the funeral Police Lieutenant Colonel Chaiyaphan Yaengpan, Deputy Deputy Minister of Police Nong Pling, 37 years old, who was shot by a criminal. Then prepare to move to perform religious ceremonies at Nakhon Sawan Temple, the royal temple at 13.00 hrs. Today, Mr. Chamnan, 68 years old, the father of Capt. Nong Pling Police Station Revealed to reporters that Was very shocked by his son's death Who are progressing well with their careers, which normally loves a police career And he is serious about all the assignments Previously The son used to be a police officer on the southern border, Pattani, about 7 years before moving to be an inquiry official. Nakhon Sawan Police Station Then moved to Deputy Inspector Investigation of Nong Pling Police Station until he died from the performance of duties. "My son is a good person. He works Follow the duties of the law But would like to ask back the criminal What do you do? I will absolutely not. What do you do with my son? Would like to receive that karma very seriously Please be prosecuted to the end, "Mr Chamnan said in the police in the investigation team of Nong Pling Police Station to get information with the news that Capt. Married to Mrs. Wanlak Saiyuang and had a 2 -year -old daughter. As for the incident yesterday, while Capt. Sitting and having lunch with the investigation team Was coordinated and notified to extract the criminals who killed the dead and was in a madness, which Capt. Chaiyaphanya did not wait. Then immediately brought the officers under the jurisdiction to work Without anyone wearing bulletproof armor Because of the rush "that minute We have surrounded the criminal. In order to wait for the arrest Which requires a lot of caution Because the criminal has a long shotgun And is currently having a severe madness Until having a chance That the criminal turned his back to the police Police Lieutenant Colonel Chaiyaphanya did not wait. But it turns out that The criminal turned back to see it first, causing Capt. Chai Panya. The criminal used a long shotgun to shoot at the sample at the close -up distance. Which aside from the ammunition people will rush into an important point The strength of the firearm also causes the internal organs of the body. Capt. Received a lot of trauma Therefore causing Police Lieutenant Colonel Chaiyaphanya died. "While Maj. Gen. Rapee Pongsukpaiboon, the police chief of Nakhon Sawan Province, said that it is currently in the process of bringing the body of Capt. Cut thoroughly again. When completed, the ceremony will be moved to perform the religion at the Nakhon Sawan temple, the Royal Monastery and the ceremony to set up the royal bath at 15.00 hrs. As for the help of the family of Police Lieutenant Colonel Chaiyaphanya will have a grant of 500,000 baht, but the reward In the process of waiting for the order again
Father turned his tongue, not raped his son.Claiming a drug for drug addictionChallenge to check DNA|Father flipped his tongue, could not be raped, raped his son Claiming a drug for drug addiction Challenge to check DNA Meet the father with a history of drug cases-abuse (20 Jan 65) At 10.00 hrs. Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapat Phumjit, Ph.D. 1, Pol.Lt.Gen. Teacher Nopporn Wa Chaiyung, Director of Bang Si Mueang Police Station Police Lieutenant Colonel Sot Setthapaporn, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Bang Si Mueang Police Station Pol.Lt.Col. Papinwich Meecheep, SorBorSor. Jointly announced the arrest of Mr. Prakob, 37 years old, according to the arrest warrant of the Nonthaburi Provincial Court at 27/2565, dated 18 January 2022, charged with rape by others using force. The violence, which was in a state that could not resist in this arrest due to Mr. assembly, the son of his own son and Ms. B (Namsom), his son's girlfriend. Until drunk unconscious and raped Miss in the middle of the night of January 16 In front of the bathroom in the alleyways, Tha Nam Non community Bang Si Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province and then escaped while Miss Pailin, 22 years old, sister, Miss B, knowing the matter to come to pick up his sister. When he arrived at the rental area, he asked Mr. Prakob, but the accused denied, claiming that he had not raped in any way. Miss Pailin then allowed the accused to travel at the same time at the police station to show their sincerity if they did not act. But on the way, the accused fled into the grass and disappeared after the incident, Pol. Col. Nopporn Wichai, the director of Bang Si Mueang Police Station. Ordered Police Lieutenant Colonel Sot Setthapaporn, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Bang Si Mueang Police Station Along with the investigative officers, follow up and follow the accused until investigating that Mr. Somboon hid in the area of Head of Krajai Yai Subdistrict Bang Sao Thong District Samut Prakan Province by escaping to the rental room in Samut Prakan Province Therefore brought the power to arrest with the subpoena and detained Sent an inquiry officer of Bang Si Mueang Police Station to prosecute the law from the criminal history examination, found that Mr. Prakob had been arrested. 7 days) 2. Drug cases for sale at Bang Si Mueang Police Station, 1 year, 10 month imprisonment, 3 October 2033. Children are not over 13 years old at Muang Prachinburi Police Station. 4. The case of the abuse at Bang Si Mueang Police Station. (Latest case) Mr. Prakob Said that he was not the only person to do and asking the court to the court At the scene of drinking alcohol Eat with the son and son's girlfriend. The only witness has only one son. Which he is not close to his son's girlfriend Which comes often, but there are not many discussions and they are not people doing Would like to find results from DNA And his son's girlfriend is addicted to drugs Initially, the police officers brought the master to make a plan to confess at the scene.
Invade a luxury condo in the middle of the cityCollection of Chinese call center gangsUse Thai as a base for online gambling websites.|Invade a luxury condo in the middle of the city Collection of Chinese call center gangs Use Thailand as a base for online gambling websites. Circulation of 100 million per month, Police Lieutenant Colonel Phanthananuchanat, the commander of the immigration office Bringing immigration police Tourist police and PCT police searched for rent in luxury condominiums In Soi Sukhumvit 39, Khlong Tan Nuea, Watthana, Bangkok After being coordinated by the Embassy of the People's Republic of China in Thailand To help follow up and arrest the 17 call center gangs, who escaped in Thailand, with the scene on the 3rd and 20th floor. Found 7 Chinese accused and seized the belongings as a notebook, 19 devices, mobile phones. 79 devices, 167 telephone SIM cards, token devices used to make more than 300 online gambling websites, OTP devices, 14 luxury watches, 10 books, 3 cars, 1 motorcycle from the investigation. That the accused confessed to act as an admin And manage financial matters for online gambling websites And the call center gang tricked hundreds of Chinese victims There are transferring money from many Chinese horse accounts. By using Thailand as a base And has a total of over 100 million baht per month. The wage of 20,000-50,000 baht and members will switch in. But the accused that has been around for more than 1 year now. The room is the name of the Thai people to rent about 5 months. The police are in the process of expanding whether they are involved in the offense or not. In addition to the luxury condo The police also searched 2 more points, namely the residence in Nakniwat area. And condominiums in Makkasan area Arresting 3 Chinese accused, a total of 10 suspects were accused of arrest warrant for 6 people's fraud. In addition, there were 2 arrest warrants fleeing outside the country. Another 9 Chinese arrest warrants that the police are following up.
Move the body "Captain Ek" perform a royal watering ceremony.Sad family loses pillars|From the case of the power that Mr. Manop is 41 years old Using a long shotgun to hurt the semis And shot the owner of the grocery store in the neighborhood until death And also frantic, using the same gun to fight with the police, causing Capt. Chai Panya Saengpan, or the police officer, Deputy Deputy Prime Minister of Nong Pling Police Station That brought the staff to the operation to arrest the criminals Seriously injured before death later There will be a ceremony to set up a row of water at 15.00 hrs. Today, as the news has been proposed at 14.00 hrs. Of the same day, the body of Capt. Ya Sangpan, Deputy Deputy Minister of Sor. Nong Pling Police Station Has been packed in a coffin Before moving out of the Sawan Pracharak Hospital Bring it to the pavilion. 2, Nakhon Sawan Temple, the Royal Monastery, which has performed a ceremony to set up the royal water in honor. With police officers under Nakhon Sawan Provincial Administrative Organization attended the ceremony amid the sadness of the family, relatives and close friends who attended a lot of ceremonies.
Revealing the criminalUsed to shoot his wife and wife until his wife escapedThe 15 -year -old daughter left alone.|From the case of the power that Mr. Manop is 41 years old Using a long shotgun to hurt the semis And shot the owner of the grocery store in the neighborhood until death And also mad, using the same gun to fight with the police Until causing Capt. Chai Panya Saeng Pan or Captain Deputy SorBorSor. Nong Pling Police Station That brought the staff to the operation to arrest the criminals Seriously injured before death later There will be a ceremony to set up a row of water at 15.00 hrs. Today, as the news has been proposed at 11:00 am on January 20, 2022, the reporter traveled to the grocery store. In the area of Village No. 3, Klang Daeng Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Sawan Province of Mr. Boonlert, 72 years old, who was shot by Mr. Manop firearms Meet Mr. Viroj Saensen, a friend of the deceased And as a police officer of Nong Pling Police Station, brought to see the scene of the incident While pointing out the trace of the bullet of the criminal Which shot scattered the wall throughout the shop, knowing that Mr. Manop used a long shotgun to shoot Mr Boonlert up to 2 rounds of bullets into the head And all over the body immediately died. At the scene, Mr Viroj said that the house of Mr. Manop The criminal is away from Mr. Boonlert's house. The deceased about 100 meters, even though the dead were known. But not very close As for the behavior of Mr. Manop Knew that he had been using drugs for many years But since he broke up with his wife Will have a haunting Exit the gangster Because of the power of amphetamines all the time And like to carry a long shotgun out on a regular basis Especially motorcycle driving Who like to ride the right -handed pose back and forth Until it was all the feds of the villagers But no one dares to interfere Because he was afraid that he rampaged and attacked. "In the past When it is haunting at Often like to show a gun on the sky on a regular basis Especially about 1 year ago, causing a firearm to shoot his wife's brother until he was injured. In which there was a case trying to kill But still not being arrested and prosecuted until it was crazy about the drug Causing the killing of the dead. "Mr Viroj stated the time later Reporters traveled to the criminal's house, which found that the daughter of Mr. Manop is 15 years old at home alone. Therefore inquired about the incident The girl said that this house has a parent and she lives together, but 1 year ago, my father broke up with her mother. Because his father attacked her mother's brother until injured Causing the mother to ask to stop And moved back to the old house in the area of Yang Tan Subdistrict, Krok Phra District, Nakhon Sawan Province, therefore only himself and his father Lived for only 2 people for more than 1 year ago. Admit that the father is addicted to amphetamines And having hallucinations when using drugs all the time But never mess or hurt myself once And when he is rampant Will always like to cause an outdoor
The veterinarian acknowledged the childish child.Referred to|From the case of Prime Minister, 42 years old, bringing Miss A (a hypothetical name), aged 15 years, reported to Pol.Lt.Col. Animal treatment clinic at Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, after the niece brought the cat to be treated, was obscene by the veterinarian, with the incident at approximately 19.00 hrs. The progress at 09.00 hrs. On 20 January 2022. Tor. Additional interrogation with multidisciplinary At the Thanyaburi Provincial Prosecutor's Office Office of Children and Family Pathum Thani Province, Rangsit Subdistrict, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province, takes about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, officials of children and families, Pathum Thani Province Ministry of Social Development and Human Security Traveled to visit and encouraged the 15 -year -old girl at Ban Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, as well as giving advice about the procedures of the lawsuit Which today the girl is still in a stressful side, shaking, does not want to go out to meet anyone And rarely eat The family has taken care of the same day at the same day at 17.00 hrs. At Khlong Luang police station, the veterinarian, said 47 years old, accused. Together with relatives and lawyers, they traveled to meet Pol.Col. Uthai Thongsa, Deputy Director of the Khlong Luang police station, the owner of the case to acknowledge the allegations of Col. Kiatisak Mitrassat, Director of the Police Station. Khlong Luang revealed that today, the parties have traveled to meet the inquiry official. To acknowledge the allegations In which the inquiry official reported the allegations Thickness of children aged over 15 years By using violence Referred to as rejecting all allegations In which the inquiry official has made an appointment with the accused To travel to the court tomorrow morning When the court opens
Collecting Yi Pu, including the headman, the post office, secretly carrying more than 200,000 quota|At 16.00 hrs. On 20 January 65, under the command of Maj. Gen. Charoon Kiat Pankaew, Ph.D., Police Colonel Prasong Chalermphan, Deputy Commander in Chief. Phor. Col. Akkaradej Ket Iam, Director of the 4th Army. Police Station, Police Colonel Ratchaphum Kusuman, 1st Army, which has been coordinated by Government Lottery Office To help check the lottery of Erawan Post Office, Erawan District, Loei Province due to the complaint that employees There is a smuggling behavior to pay the lottery to other traders incorrectly, which from the inspection area found There is a smuggling of the lottery as actually complained. With a group of people who received the lottery from Erawan employees without passing the correct steps Gather a number of lottery packed into the postal bag. Out of the back of the P.O. and then take it to the car that has been parked, the police officers and the lottery officers Observing Therefore showed himself to inspect the vehicle of the said group as follows: 1. The Toyota van, gray bronze, parked in the parking lot behind the office, know the name of the driver, Mr. Chaiyasit, age 32 years and Ms. Pawena Eye 26 years, with many lottery boxes with the post box in the car, checking the above groups, not the real lottery owner. 2. Mitsubishi Paro Si Bronze drove into the Bangchak gas station. Erawan branch knows the name of the driver, Nang Kanya Eye 43 years, with many postal boxes found in the car. All of the above was found to the Wang Saphung police station for the lottery officers to inspect and have already recorded the relevant persons. All voluntarily admitted that the Erawan P.O. employees know the name is Mr. Pairote or bananas and the smuggling of the lottery. Without the actual steps And gave a compensation for 100 baht per box with the Erawan staff that facilitate the lottery, then the officer recorded all the lottery details. As evidence Therefore delivering all the lottery back For the possessor to proceed. Victory, Deputy Director of the Government Lottery Office, revealed that from the 400 lottery seizures or 200,000 in the amount of approximately 28,000,000 baht to prove the lottery route to who sent it and the evidence has cut the lottery vendors. Because of breaking the conditions Without reporting or arresting, then bringing the label to the owner
Single robber, gun hijacking moneyLighting a fire at a convenience storeBefore fleeing|Single robber, gun hijacking money Lighting a fire at a convenience store in the city of Korat Before escape, floating (20 Jan 65), a CCTV image A single attack on a convenience store Which is located beside Sarasas School At the entrance to the Gate 1, Suranaree University of Technology (SUT), Nong Chakok Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, by the incident at 03.10 hrs. On 20 January 64, the criminal was a chubby man Wear long pants Black robe And wearing a helmet Going into a convenience store, doing as if to buy some things Before using the rhythm without customers Walk to the front of the counter Then squeeze the alcohol in front of the counter. After that, the lighter lights to the fire until the fire burns. Causing the female staff in the shop to be shocked And the criminal used a short pistol Threatening the shop staff to hurry to put money in a cloth bag While also invading the counter, picking cash and many products in the cloth bag Along with using weapons to hijack the employees to bring valuable property Before walking out in front of the counter And set fire again It took almost 3 minutes before the criminal ran away from the shop, which initially was damaged by a fire. And the criminals have stolen many items, consisting of 6,000 baht in cash, 1 round swan, 2 bottles of the serpent and 1 Delivery bag by a convenience store staff. Reported at Pho Klang police station to speed up the criminal to prosecute. Col. Navin Theerawit, Director of Pho Klang Police Station, revealed that after the police officers of Pho Klang Police Station Notified of a solo attack, using a firearm to rob a convenience store Then immediately the investigation set to hunt down the criminal At this time, the shop staff were interrogated. And find images from CCTV along various routes Which is expected to be used as a escape route In order to speed up the criminal to prosecute It is expected that the criminal is still in the area. The officer has now received a clue. Be sure to be able to catch this criminal to prosecute soon.
Parents, stepfather, 2 years old, went out to eatReturning to the body of the son of Secondary 4, shooting himself.|Male student, Secondary 4, shot himself at home While the mother went out to eat outside with the stepfather and the 2 -year -old sister (21 Jan 65) at 23.30 hrs., Pol.Col. Notified that there were deaths in the house of Soi Petchkasem 48/1, Bang Wa Subdistrict, Phasi Charoen District, Bangkok, then traveled to inspect the investigation department of Phasi Charoen Hospital, Forensic Medicine, Siriraj Hospital, probation officer and volunteer Por Tek Tung Foundation The scene was approximately 10 meters deep into the alley. It was a 3 -story commercial building. In the bedroom, 2nd floor, found the body of Mr. A (a fictional name), 16 years old. The ammunition through the neck Lying on his back, died in bed Close to each other, found 1 automatic pistol, Sig Sauer P365, 1 cylinder. The staff kept it as evidence from the investigation that The said house is 4 people, Mr. Praphansak, 47 years old, civil servants of the parliament. Had as a stepfather And the mother of Mr. A and the 2 -year -old sister, with the deceased being a mother, before the incident, the stepfather brought his sister and wife. (The mother of the deceased) Go out and eat Which the deceased did not go with Even the real father Of the deceased, the phone said that he could not contact Mr. A The stepfather then came back home. While sending his wife and daughter out of the car Then drove into the alley to make a U -turn. And there was a full blood coming out When he came to see, he found that Mr A died. Initially, the police expected the cause of the family. Causing the deceased to walk out of his own bedroom Before picking up the gun stored on the head of the bed In the stepfather's bedroom to shoot himself, died. However, officials will bring the body to Siriraj Hospital to prove. Before giving the relatives to take the body to perform religious ceremonies
Collecting the representatives of the temple, the famous temple has life insuranceFake the signature of tens of millions|Collecting a young guy, a burning insurance! Deceive the temple famous life insurance Fake the signature of cheating, taking tens of millions of damages Crime Suppression Division Central Police Headquarters Revealed the arrest of Prime Minister Winpat (Surname Surname), 40 years old, accused of arrest warrant for Lampang Provincial Court at 3/2565, dated 17 January 2022, criminal case 223/2564, which must be found to commit an offense "fraud, take the document. Of others "due to the year 2017, the famous temple in Lampang Province Get to know Prime Minister Winpat (the accused) from the introduction of the mother of Prime Minister (the accused) to make merit at the temple regularly and have introduced to know each other The accused saw that the victim had a relative to bring a lot of money to make merit. Therefore persuaded to invest money to invest in life insurance Which will receive a 14% return per year of the insurance premiums paid with the commission that will get another 10%, including a 24% compensation per year, causing the victim to believe And see that the said amount is useful to be able to develop the temple The victim then decided to bring personal money to get life insurance with Prime Minister Winpat. Total of millions of baht In the first phase of interest, along with the commissions as agreed, although not all complete. But the victim is not fascinated Because Prime Minister Winpat Claiming that the said amount will be circulated around November 2020, Prime Minister Winpat Use more tricks to deceive the victims By claiming to invest money And will quickly bring the money back quickly with high interest rates With trust Therefore giving money to invest In the meantime, it was found that during the first 1-2 months, Prime Minister Winpat Transfer money, claiming to be a return on investment. But later did not transfer the money again after the injured person was informed by the disciples working with Prime Minister Winpat that the policy that was done was expropriated. And requesting the insurance premium The victim then inspected the life insurance company. Found that Prime Minister Winpat Fake the signature of the injured person to request an expropriation of the insurance policy and receive the insurance premium for millions of baht. When knowing the facts Therefore tried to contact Mr. Winpat But cannot contact Therefore believed that in the past, being deceived by Prime Minister Winpat to get the property Total of tens of millions of damages Therefore authorized the pupils Come to complain Phong Police Station, Sop Pap, Sop Pang District, Lampang Province, prosecuted to the end after the incident Police officers, Kor Kor. 4, the Police Department has investigated until knowing that Prime Minister Winphat fled to live in Mae Sai district. Chiang Rai Province Until on January 21, 65, he was able to arrest him at In the area of a gas station, a gas station In Mae Chedi Subdistrict Wiang Pa Pao District Chiang Rai Province The officer then reported the charges under the arrest warrant. And detained for further legal proceedings Initially, the accused confessed throughout the allegations while the Central Investigation Headquarters Warning people to get insurance Use caution when choosing to buy insurance. Get insurance with agents-insurance brokers with the right license. Including the payment of insurance premiums must receive evidence of the insurance company every time To prevent such actions
Because I love you so much!The young man claims to be a police officer.Invited to pull the sick girl at Hospitel in the middle of the night|Father Roro reported the latter, the daughter was claimed to be a police officer from HOSPITEL in the middle of the night while he was treating the illness-19 today (22 Jan). Reporters reported that at 13.00 hrs at Chokchai Police Station (name Suppose), the father of Ms. A (the fictional name), the victim reported After the daughter was claimed to be a police officer, held out of Hospitel, while he was a cow. And maintained at a hotel, which is a hospital that the hospital provided Can heal about 5 days later, at 4 am on January 19, there was a bodies attacking Hospitel claimed to be a policeman. With a card for the staff to see Said that he came to pick up the daughter Because the daughter has an arrest warrant due to stealing 1 million baht with a show to the nurse And then the nurse brought those groups up to the daughter to the room Then he pulled his daughter too. There were 4-5 people of the able-bodied men, with 1 of them known as their daughter. He secretly likes his daughter. But after rest Felt that that man was not normal Having a violent emotions. Previously, the daughter did something dissatisfied, locking the neck. So he told me to separate As well as the period when the daughter was sick So come to treat here Without telling that man to know Until this man invaded his daughter Hospitel and brought to the condo in Ramkhamhaeng area. The daughter sent a message to tell him that he was now pulled to the condo. Then tell the coordinates So he hurried to coordinate the police officers in Chokchai Police Station and asked for strength from Hua Mak Police Station to get to pick up and wait until 5 o'clock in the evening, he was able to help his daughter. There was a car foundation car to pick up his daughter to the hospital for treatment. The daughter was not physically assaulted. There are only bruises around the arm caused by pulling when leaving. Hospitel came. It is in action It's not like pulling like this. He is not something It's not a doll that will come to pull. We are my father. We are very worried about our daughter. Must bring the child back to the hospital We didn't ask for any reason. But the first day I talked to We said that our children were kidnapped. But the nurse said that he has a meaning, so we asked if you have checked first or not whether it is an arrest warrant or not. Because it means to show It is the testimony of the Prawet Police Station, which is not related to the daughter. The night of the incident managed to take his daughter without a PPE set, not dressed in the police. How did the officer let go? Why didn't you notify the family first? " After this, the police will go to the area to HOSPITEL To check the CCTV and find additional evidence Before proceeding with the next step
Shock in Kan!Visitors sit in the middle of the night. Suddenly, the opposite house holds a sickle.|Shock in Kan! Tourists sit and drink Sing the front of the house. Suddenly, the unconscious man, the opposite house, holding the sickle to the neck, dead 1 (22 Jan 65) at approximately 03.00 hrs. Muang Kanchanaburi police station. Was informed by the 191 radio center. A foreign tourist was attacked to death. 1 serious injury and 1 Thai person. The incident occurred in Soi Sri Lanka. Kanchanaburi Municipality, Kanchanaburi Province, after being notified, rushed to inspect the scene Along with coordinating the doctor on duty Phahonphon Phayuhasena Hospital To join the autopsy Rescuers of the Pitakkan Foundation Is accelerating to help the injured person Both foreign tourists and Thai people send the hospital for doctors to treat symptoms urgently. Check in front of the house Found traces of fighting Damaged belongings Blood stains spread all over. At the courtyard in front of the house, found 1 pagoda. The police have already kept as evidence. At the scene of the incident, 1 bodies were found as a British tourist. Lying face down, sinking the blood on the ground in a condition that does not wear a shirt Wear only one black shorts There was a wound being hit by a sharp object at the back of the back of the back. 1 Wound then coordinated the staff of the Provincial Police Proof of Kanchanaburi. To come to inspect the evidence in detail, inspect the passport of both British tourists, the first name, Mr. Evan Marcus John, 49, died at the scene. As for the other name, Mr. Chun Kevin, 50 years old, was teeth into the head and body. Severe symptoms. As for the criminals who caused the Thai people, they were in an unforgettable manner. There is a card for the disabled number 1, named Mr. Prasit, aged 23, the people of Tha Makham Subdistrict, Muang District, Kanchanaburi Province. Win sat and drank alcohol in front of the house. And opened the song to sing along. Things that no one expected was born. Mr. Prasit is a disabled person. Unconsted consciousness Who lived at the opposite side of the house Walked out of the house to the home of the tourists who were drinking In the hands of Mr. Prasit, held the Kyo harvesting as well. Once he reached the front of the tourist's house, Mr. Prasit didn't say anything to use the harvesting of the teeth to the back of the back of Mr. Evan Makus John until it fell to the ground. Mr Chun Kevin, when he saw the incident badly Ran straight to take the Kyo Then the fight was caused by the teeth to be injured by another person. Mr. Prasit Was also wounded in the head and shoulder as well After the incident, the villagers called 191 to coordinate the rescuers of the Foundation. Come to bring Mr. Chun Kevin and Mr. Prasitti Who was injured, sent to the hospital, the police have seized Mr. Prasitti The criminal who caused the accused to wait for the doctors' examination results to be a mental person or not. Before continuing to detain the legal proceedings
Crack the web gambling, 1,000 million baht revolving money. Customers are victims of over 500,000 people.|Police PCT invaded 5 online gambling websites, 3 provinces, over 1,000 million baht, more than 500,000 customers. Pol. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak, Pol.Lt.Gen. Sor Por. Sor. Sor. 4, together with the Police Station. Create online gambling websites that check the information found that There is an online gambling. Play online casino, online lottery slots, which have many participants in the said website group. There are online casinos such as Baccarat, Hi -Lo, bounce, slots, dragon, all forms of slots. Many gambling camps related to online gambling through the said website There is a presentation of cash withdrawal for credit in Gambling through the bank And the website has an automatic deposit-withdrawal system by camouflage And tried the said gambling and can actually gamble that the location, which is the location of the network of networks that command marketing control, admin, financial operation point In and out of 5 points in Phitsanulok province, Nakhon Sawan and Bangkok arrest 12 suspects to seize the belongings such as tables, tables , Mobile phone, internet release machine, found more than 500,000 customers, with over 1,000,000 rotation Million Baht Ph.D. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat Deputy Director of Police said Has instructed all officers to be arrested and arrested Those who violate previously After this, will conduct an inspection and expand the financial route. That is related to the said gambling website If you find clues, online gambling smuggling Or various offenses Information can be reported at the PCT 1599 hotline 24 hours.
Heard the news of the wife with a gig-found a harrowing pictureThe big boy splashed the tinner at his wife.Freshly burned fire|The big boy used a thinner to pour his wife. Burned fire to death Miao escapes to the end of life. Angry, the woman ran away in time Pouring the rental room instead of the reporter reported that yesterday (22 January), Police Lieutenant Colonel Natee Khamsuk Roi -Roi, investigated the criminal case of Mae Sot police station, Tak Province, was informed of a fire at the house of the alley beside the school. Manee Phasan, Chidwan Road, Manee Community, Mae Sot Municipality, Mae Sot District, therefore, requesting to coordinate the staff and fire trucks to the scene but canceled the fire truck. Because the villagers near the scene of both Thai and Myanmar people use water together to extinguish the fire until the moth Among the neighbors panicked with the incident Because if the fire will spread, it cannot be controlled by the fire. Most of the tenants belong to the Myanmar people. There is a front and back rental room. The condition of the room was burned black. Trace From the courtyard in front of the room to the room The belongings inside the house are scattered. The smell of fuel is stinking like a tinner, found that the police officers and villagers who helped the officers detained Mr. So, 47 years old, the Myanmar, who later learned that he was a burning. Out on the roadside And inspected the scene again, found a half -liter thinner Which is a special firener head Therefore kept as evidence from the question of Mrs. Si, 32 years old, Myanmar, the wife, Mr. So, testified that he was separated with Mr. And separated for over 7 months without any fiber Today, after work, he returned home to meet Mr. So, sued the ex -husband, accusing him of having a new girlfriend. With a picture of himself and a new girlfriend in the room, which he refused Making you sell to anger Disappeared from the house for about 15 minutes. Come back to gall the tinner. When he saw himself splashing the oil at him, he hoped to burn to death. But he fled to the neighboring house Ask for help From the neighbors of Nang Si Told the whole tears that Mr So has done this 2 times. He is now very scared. Afraid that you will come to attack himself again Which, if coming again, he will definitely not survive. Pour the oil to the area inside the house and set the fire immediately. When the villagers rented out to see the different events helping to put out the burning fire. Ready to catch the master As well as notifying the police Came to arrest Mr Sen to prosecute while Mr. So, who had to confess that he was acting Because he found that his wife was unfaithful to have a gig Because he found a picture of a new boyfriend taking a picture with his wife in the bedroom In which he burned the picture in the wife's bedroom And will burn her dead as well
Husband, brutal, holding the ironBefore taking to release in the middle of the communityThen ordered to fix the fabric|The police followed the brutal husband, holding the iron, trap the adultery. Before taking to release in the middle of the community road and ordered to fix the fabric Escape the case for almost 8 years (22 Jan 65), Crime Suppression Division Central Police Headquarters Under the supervision of Maj. Gen. Jiraphop Phurdej, the Commander in Chief, has ordered Pol.Lt.Gen. Suwat Saeng also, Deputy Commander in Chief, Maj. Gen. Santi Chai Nirat, Deputy Commander in Chief, Maj. Gen. Montri Thot Khan ,, Pol. Col. Sanam Mueang, Riya, Deputy Commander in Chief, Col. Pornsak Lao Rujiralai, Deputy Commander in Chief, Col. Wirachan Khun Chai Kaew, Director of the Royal Thai Police, Police Colonel Pawit Kalathipat, Police Colonel Thanawan Sattan Hin Hin, Pol. Col. Ritichai Chumchuay, Police Colonel Hathaporn Thongkham, Deputy Director of Police 5, Police Officer Learning Suth. Chor. Kor Kor. 5, Police Station, Police Lieutenant Thiraphong Kongkheow, Deputy Chief of Police 5, Police General, Police Lieutenant Ying Kawisara Rak Wi Dharma, Deputy Director of the Police Station, together with the Police Officer of the Royal Thai Police, the Royal Thai Police, together to arrest Mr. Wissanu (Surname), aged 39, the accused under the arrest warrant of Suphanburi Provincial Court 36/2558 dated 23 April. 58 Base "offense to freedom Offense to the body, thieves, the defendant did not report to the scheduled appointment. There is a escape circumstance. "The arresting place In the area of a hospital parking lot, Saira Subdistrict, Chawang District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province About the year 2010, while Mr Wissanu Later, Mr. Wissanu learned that Miss Pla had secretly had a relationship with another man while Mr Wissanu went to work, became jealous. Later, on the day of the incident, Mr Wissanu had drank alcohol, then prepared the steel section to wait for Miss Pla, beside a CD rental shop in Dan Chang District, Suphan Buri Province, which is nearby to the place where Nor. The fish works when Mr Wissanu sees the victim to Miss Pla at the shop, then uses the steel pieces that are prepared to hit the head of the victim 2-3 times, then use the steel section to force the victim to drive a motorcycle with a master. Vishnu Sitting in the back Drive into Khao Nam Daeng community, Dan Chang District, Suphan Buri Province, when reaching the community area Mr Wissanu forced the victim to take off his clothes until the body was naked. After that, forcing the victims to run down the streets in the community in order to abuse, hope to be shame. Then Mr Wissanu Had driven the victim's motorcycle to escape from the scene And left the car to park in another area Later, the victim reported to the inquiry official to prosecute Mr Wissanu. And the court approved the arrest warrant for the accused. Later in the year 2014, the police were able to arrest the accused and filed a lawsuit. To prosecute according to the law Later, the accused was bailed while the case was in the court of the court. But the accused fled Do not go to court by appointment Suphan Buri Provincial Court then issued an arrest warrant for the accused to bring him to prosecute again until the police officers of the Royal Thai Police have investigated that the accused fled to work in Chawang District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. Therefore followed the arrest of the accused Brought to the Suphan Buri Provincial Court to prosecute further legal proceedings, inquire about the preliminary accused Confessed throughout the allegations
Just looking at the boiling blood, raising the shot, attacking the enemy in front of the 15 children's hospital.|Just looking at the boiling face, raising the shot to attack the enemy in front of the child hospital. 15, escaping, the villagers found the condition of the blood shot (23 Jan 65). Shooting with injuries The incident occurred in front of Ang Thong 3 Hospital in the new urban community, Chai Mongkhon community, Ban Hae Subdistrict, Mueang District, Ang Thong Province. After being notified, the police officers were coordinated. Muang Ang Thong Police Station Rud to the scene. When he arrived, the villagers were standing and talking. The road surface in front of the hospital found a shell shell, unknown size, falling 1 bottle scattered throughout the area. In addition, a lot of blood marks are found. As for the injured, a 15 -year -old youth was shot over the hill on the left. The good citizen was taken to Ang Thong Hospital. Mr. Surachai, 38, the villagers who lived in the area Revealed that while lying inside the house heard the sound of guns and the sound of running people, then came out to see. Found that a teenager was shot to sleep in front of the car, so called to help each other to bring to the hospital, while Mr Adpete, 37, another village, said that while he was in the house heard People quarreled and chased each other before standing at the sound of 10 guns and a group of teenagers chased into the house, which at the scene of the incident, he did not dare to see because he was afraid that he would be lost. Before the voice calmed down and the police came out to see Mr B (assumed name), 15 years old, Mr. Ne (assumed name), 15 years old While he and Mr Ne is driving a motorcycle with friends in order to send a younger brother in Chai Mongkhon community. Upon reaching the area of Ang Thong Hospital 3, drove the garden with the group of more than 20 people before the group of the incident, which should have at least 3 guns to shoot dozens of guns, causing him. And friends Run away in different directions Before knowing that Mr Nae shot, then helped to bring to the hospital. In which the group of the culprit should be a group of temples at the end of the area that has conflicts about looking at the face The group of Wat Tai Yan used to send audio clips to intimidate to attack the house and intimidate not to report, because if he would return to shoot again. At the scene of the incident, but one of the groups of the incident had their enemy groups, "Tai Yan", which used to have problems in this group as well. But didn't see anyone shooting because at that time had to escape to survive first In which the group that came to shoot at almost 30 people, if not escaping, may be attacked to the point of death. Afraid of the basic law, enough to know the group of the culprit
MessengerBruisingSeverely shot the womanBefore returning to shoot himself|At 17.00 hrs. Yesterday (23 January), Pol. Col. Thanaprom Thanapakorn, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Samsen. Get a report The criminal uses firearms to shoot. There were injured in the building 1 flat, the residence of Soi Ongkharak 15, Thanon Nakhon Chai Si Subdistrict, Dusit District, then traveled to inspect the scene of the incident at the room on the 5th floor. Miss Maleeni, 33, was shot with a firearm into the face and right arm. Injured Volunteer of Petchkasem Foundation Some hospitals from the investigation know that before the incident, there was a man named Mr. Rung Arun entered the flat. Straight to the room where the incident asked Ms. Malinee. At that time, Ms. Malinee was in the bathroom. The culprit then knocked out the door of the room. When he found his face Mr Tow used the .38 mm firearms to shoot at the injured 3 shots at the face, 1 match and under the right arm 1 shot before he went to press the elevator to get down from the 5th floor and fled. From the investigation, knowing that before the incident The injured and the culprit Which works at the same company And have a certain level of intimacy In which women work in administrative positions As for the culprit, a staff member or Messanger Later, the injured person who already has a family Tried to distance himself The cause of the crime is therefore angry. Therefore acted on the incident. Later, at 17.30 hrs., Pol.Gen. Notified of a shot, seriously injured The incident occurred in Soi Ngamwongwan 47, Thung Song Hong Subdistrict, Lak Si District, Bangkok. Ruud went to inspect with the Ruam Kanyu Foundation volunteers in the room. Found the body of Mr. Rung Arun or renew 38, as a administrative staff, a rivalry, riche, with a wound being shot with a .38 mm ammunition at the head of 1 shot. Crown Hospital Life saving surgery The symptoms are still serious from the investigation. The injured return from outside. Then ordered something to the nephew Before going into the incident in the room later at 23.30 hrs. The same day, it was reported that Mr. Rung Arun, who had died After being sent to the treatment at Crown Hospital The doctor has provided full treatment but cannot hold life. inquiry official Thung Song Hong Police Station Therefore assigned to volunteer of the Ruamkanyu Foundation Bring the dead body to Thung Song Hong Police Station Along with coordinating the proof of the gunpowder examination To assemble the case, then the draft will be sent in detail at the Bhumibol Hospital before the relatives will continue to perform the rituals according to religious principles.
The owner of the BMM Food Page ChimsonBeautiful girl sitting with death|The owner of the Page to take a puzzle girl to drive the BM Series 5, rushing the rear of the truck in the middle of the suspension bridge, 1 injured, 1 reporter reported that today (25 Jan) at 05.00 hrs. S. Sanchai Bua Chuli, Deputy Director (Investigation), Expressway 1, was notified of a car crash, there were deaths and injured on the Chalerm Mahanakorn Expressway. In the middle of the Rama 9 Bridge (suspension bridge) above the Chao Phraya River The outbound direction heading to Dao Khanong, Bang Khlo Subdistrict, Bang Kho Laem District, Bangkok. Forensic Forensic Rescue Officer, Survey Hospital and Ruamtanyu Foundation Volunteer Officer at the scene of a 3 -lane road, the road rise before the Rama 9 Bridge, nearly 300 meters from inspecting the 2nd vehicle. Ten wheel truck, the capsule tank contains LPG LPG, white Heo brand, registration 70-0579, sword, parked in a condition, hit the back of the car, the back of the right side until the rear bumper collapsed, the right side is distorted, almost out of the shaft. The parties are BMW brand sedans, model 525 D, black, registration number 3326, Bangkok. Crashed into the rear of the LPG truck Ricocked out right 200 meters before rushing into the sling of the 26th bridge to stop in the middle of the bridge. The front of the car is broken. Collapse to the cabin The airbag works on both sides. The fuel stains are cracked in the floor. In the front of the cabin, found 2 male and female body. Know the name, Mr. Kittichai or Boss, 24 years old. The driver is currently the owner of the Facebook page. Food tasting list Rescue, speeding up the Bang Pakok Hospital 9 International, and the other sitting together Is an anonymous girl, good-looking, white hair, long hair, aged 20-25 years, wearing a light-green long-sleeved shirt, wearing 4 pants, black, wearing white canvas shoes The body did not find the document stating who it is. There is a deep wound above the right eyebrows. Basic breath Officials have helped bring the body down to pump the heart, hoping to revive the vital signs. But it was not a result. The woman died at the scene of the investigation. Mr. Always 54 years old, the truck driver testified that he drove from the company. Come to pick up the LPG at the Bangchak Phra Khanong area Before getting on the expressway, headed to Rama 2 Road to bring the gas to the customers in Chumphon province while the car was moving up to the Rama 9 Bridge. And hit his back Until ricochet to hit the sling, holding the bridge repeatedly Causing deaths and injuries Once he was conscious Hurriedly informed the staff to come to investigate. Pol. Col. Sanchai revealed that now can contact the relatives of the injured, the driver Know that before the incident Referred to the said car out of the condo, a friend in Sathorn Expected to head back to the accommodation In the area of Soi Suksawat 30, even having an accident, but the deceased, the girl sitting in the car together, no one can specify who the deceased is. Which must bring the body to the forensic doctor, the police hospital to conduct an autopsy again Before following the relatives to receive the body to perform basic merit As for the case, it has not yet been charged with any party. Have to wait to check the CCTV And investigated the witnesses that may have an event At the time of the incident first, then reported the charges to summarize the expression according to the law.
NBTC representatives emphasize, do not transfer the call center gang.Suggesting to record the police station near the house|Colonel Peerawat Phrom Klang Panawa, Director, Monitoring and Evaluation Regarding telecommunications (PACC), the Broadcasting Commission Television And the National Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) said on Wednesday (26 January), it is advisable to not transfer money to the call center gang, do not talk for a long time and should record the police station near the house. And if you find a strange number, call in, cut off the cable. "The first must notice that it will be a call center gang. There will be strange numbers calling. And is a number that we are not familiar with. When receiving the call, the end of the line will report that it is a parcel company employee. There is a illegal parcel sent to the name of the victim if the victim is not the sender. Will transfer the line to report to the police via LINE When hearing this kind of message, cut the cable immediately. Or if enough consciousness, save the sound Record video while talking To be used as evidence to the police near the police station near the house, do not talk for a long time Because they have many strategies to lure incentives, it may be a victim. "Col. Peerawat said. This said during a public hearing meeting to monitor and evaluate the performance. The 2022 -year -old telecommunications business at the Holiday Inn Vana Nava Hotel Meeting Room, Hua Hin, Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, representatives from the NBTC explained that Although there are news on TV and various media But found that some people have not yet access to this information, some have a good job position, still victims, losing money from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands The work of the call center gang will work together as a movement. There was a call and informed that it was a famous parcel company staff. Or claiming that there is a parcel residue in the immigration. There are illegal items sent abroad There was a mistake to report by claiming the situation of the Ok-19. Causing the police to be reported online via application line There is a scene like a video call with the police lure various people until the people believe. Providing ID card information And transfer money to Before realizing that he was tricked, he lost a lot of money. Therefore would like to alert people all over the country to be careful Especially the elderly who are at home alone No children to take care of may be a victim easily. As for the government work in this regard, Col. Peerawat said that the government and the NBTC tried to speed up the problem of illegal SIMs because of the illegal. Can't find the source Or sometimes register the SIM card in the name of foreigners Once the source of the call is not able to do anything Because I didn't find a SIM card Or has already destroyed the SIM Will not be able to follow the offender, Col. Peerawat Said about the opening of the bank account that The account owner may only get a small wage. But the criminals took the bank account to commit crimes, causing trouble Both of them are obstacles in dealing with these deception movements.
Invade the lustDrive the pickup truck in front of the 1st year student student, pull the car back to rape at home.|Invade the lust Drive the pickup truck in front of the 1st year student student, pull the car back to rape at home. Before taking to leave on the side of the road (26 Jan 65) at 17.00 hrs. Pol. Col. Thong Battle Chaengjit, Director of the Police Station, Pathum Thani Province Police Lieutenant Colonel Thanatrat, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Pathum Thani Province Police Lieutenant Colonel Detchat A Sawang, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Pathum Thani Province, Police Colonel Pariyaphon Saensen, Police Station, Pathum Thani Province Along with the investigation officer of the Police Station, Pathum Thani Province Jointly arrest Mr. Panya or Chae, aged 33, the accused under the warrant of Thanyaburi Provincial Court No. 52/2012 dated 22 January 2022, charged with rape others in any way. By using violence In which others are in a state that cannot resist And robbery by arresting at The house is unknown at the edge of the Madan Canal. Choi Temple, Bang Kadee Temple, Village No. 4, Bang Kadi Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District Pathum Thani Province, Pol.Col. Pariyaphon Saensen, Police Station, Pathum Thani Province, revealed that this arrest was due to 21.20 hrs. On January 15, 2022, the accused with a friend at Was arrested before Causing the car to use a car in front of Ms. Koi's motorcycle (named a hypothetical), 20 years old, 1 year student, a private university that was returning to the house Before pulling the victim into the car and brought him to rape The incident occurred along the Khlong Eight Road, Lam Luk Ka Subdistrict, Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani Province. After the incident, the investigation officer of the Police Station, Pathum Thani Province Went to find the news and find clues of the criminal before knowing that the culprit was Mr. Panya or Chae, aged 33, therefore, the inquiry official gathered evidence for the power of Thanyaburi Provincial Court to issue an arrest warrant Before knowing that the accused had fled to the residence, unknown number by the Ma Dun Canal Choi Temple, Bang Kadee Temple, Village No. 4, Bang Kadi Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District, Pathum Thani Province, therefore, was arrested. Mr. Panya or Chae Chae, the accused confessed that Was the actual offender with the other people who were arrested before In which he drove a car to cut the car in front of the victim before pulling the victim into the car and led him to rape at home After the orgasm, he sent the victim on the road along the Khlong Eight Road, Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani Province before returning to the house and escaped to hide in the area. Lat Lum Kaeo District, Pathum Thani Province, then know that the police followed and then fleeing by throwing the victim's mobile phone to the canal. And come to hide at Choi Temple, Bang Kadee Temple, Village No. 4, Bang Kadi Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District, Pathum Thani Province, until being arrested
The fake police gang broke.Drive a car, call to park, hoping to plow moneyBut actually met the police|Police officers, Pho Thong police station, Ang Thong Province, brought 5 suspects to interrogate. After finding a police dress like a police Rampage, hitchhike, calling money Before the break because 2 People in the accused group Try to call the car Police Lieutenant Teeradon Buavichai and Police Lieutenant Colonel Narakorn Phimai, police officers, dance police station, while going on business in front of Wat Koh Pho Thong District, Ang Thong Province before showing the card. Hanging like a police officer by the T. Thiradon Also informed that they were police officers Causing both men to apologize Before driving to escape to the T. Thiradon Therefore coordinating the patrol officer Pho Thong police station to inspect Due to the suspicious attitude Before the police were able to detain With another motorcycle and pickup truck to investigate at Pho Thong Police Station, with 2 in 5 people with a fake police card The officer then detained it to prosecute. Maj. Teeradon revealed that while he drove with him to check the cow at Pho Thong Hospital. Suddenly, a bodies were dressed in police. Drive to the side Before calling to park And show the police card to see which they opened the mirror Ask why He is also a policeman. Causing the two men to be shocked Before apologizing Then drive away I saw it as usual. Therefore coordinating the police Pho Thong police station to inspect Until it was able to arrest him while the police were investigating all 5 of the accused. It appeared that there were more than 10 victims in Suphanburi and Chainat provinces traveling to Pho Thong police station and informed that the said group is a group claiming. The body is a police officer. And slapped all the victims of tens of thousands of baht By claiming to be a police officer, the PACC and invited all the victims to negotiate at a temple in U Thong District, Suphan Buri Province, claiming that the victim is a group of people who violate the loan Act. And will detain all to Bangkok Causing the victim to be afraid Before calling each property 20,000-40,000 baht by transferring into the account name Mr. Atthaphon, one of the accused Which includes the victims who transfer money to the able -bodied men claiming to be this group of police officers Hundreds of thousands of baht when knowing that this group of able -bodied men were arrested Therefore traveled to report the complaint And identified all the accused While the victim is reporting There was a phone call that the name of the sword was called by many victims. And intimidated to retreat No need to report Because the said group of men are their own people And in the process of mediation and police officers in the area But the victim refused and reported the prosecution to all the accused. Pol. Col. Phan Dao Dam, the director of Pho Thong Police Station, revealed that the initial inquiry in the area of Suphanburi The police officers of Pho Thong Police Station will accelerate the investigation. Receive all complaints Before coordinating the incident area in Suphanburi again If anyone was hit by the said group of men Or commit other cases Can travel to report at Pho Thong police station can be added. In which the group of accused from the investigation found that it was not a single police officer Initially, the Pho Thong Police Station detained all 5 cases to proceed with a joint fake. Have and use fake civil servant cards Acting as a civil servant As for the case of property The inspection officer has collected evidence before sending the area to proceed with the case.
Hilarious protestDirector of the Cave School, the teacher, a closed circuit, "I myself who secretly watched"|The students gathered to protest, expel the director of the school after the incident wearing a single towel, sneak peek at the young teacher. After the incident, still acting as if nothing had happened in the case of Facebook fan page, Je Moi V Plus revealed the story of a young teacher who was The director of the school wearing a towel to secretly watch while bathing at the teacher's house. After the incident, the young teacher informed the Office of the National Embrace and Director, but there was no progress in any way while the school director still came to work as usual. Act like nothing happened But the young teacher must sit and cry every day. "The story is that On Thursday night, 20 January 2022, a director went to see the head of a woman bathing behind the room. Made as a vegetable water at 8pm. And the female teacher heard a loud noise from behind the bathroom, so chatting for a teacher that there was a person passing outside The two male teachers came to see, but saw a man wearing a single towel running into the house. Therefore made a request for permission to see the CCTV from the director, but the director and the postponement of the request to see the CCTV and said #You don't have to ask to see it. I am secretly watching. Saying that apologizing and smiling like a psychopath. "The latest page stated today (27 Jan), students and parents who heard the news, had to protest, expel this director to leave the school. Which is located in the area of Porncharoen District, Bueng Kan Province, while the reporter inquired to the female teacher who suffered that after the story, when knowing that The director is a person who secretly looks at himself. Feeling very stressed Until unable to teach the children, then made a complaint to the school committee to inspect and yesterday, they gave information to the school committee But still do not know how the conclusion came out After the investigation was completed, he brought the CCTV as evidence to report. Because he was afraid that he would not be fair
How?The girl borrowed money, a big boy, 3 million, overlapping as a spouse.Just slept together|The progress of the big boy dating a few days for more than 3 million baht. The latest negotiation at the police station. The woman denied borrowing money. Fired as a spouse. From the case of Mr Thanakorn, 53 years old, traveled to report to the investigation officer of Saen Suk Police Station, Saen Suk Subdistrict, Mueang District, Chon Buri Province To prosecute the way Miss Juthamat, 37 years old or a woman on charges of fraud By claiming that the woman borrowed 3 million baht before fleeing. After that, the woman still contacted to borrow another 200,000 baht after claiming that Will take the land title deed to pay the debt But in the end, after getting the money and escaping the phone Can't contact the latest today (27 Jan) at Saen Suk Police Station, Mueang District, Chon Buri Province After the investigation in the investigation room, more than 2 hours passed. The police brought them out of the investigation room to the inquiry room in the meantime. Ms. Juthamat Walked out of the investigation room and revealed that from the incident, I confirmed that Never borrowed money in any way Both of them are husband-wives. I was very shocked, not thinking that Mr Thanakorn would give news like this. Because everything Mr Thanakorn gave himself in the news about the news that borrowed money to withdraw the title deeds that night Miss Juthamas denied an interview. And confirmed that there was no borrowing of Mr Thanakorn in any way After that, Ms. Juthamat walked into the investigative officer in Mr Thanakorn, revealed a short information. Before entering the investigation room that Initially, from talking to Miss Juthamas, it was expected that Miss Juthamat may not be responsible for the incident in any way. Which in borrowing that money Mr Thanakorn confirmed that there was no evidence to give money as a husband-wife. Or by charm in any way, borrowing a loan to the part, while Mr Thanakorn gave an interview to the media at that time Ms Juthamat opened the door of the inquiry official and told Mr Thanakorn to speak the truth. And confirmed that Ms. Juthamat and Mr Thanakorn are actually husband-wife Just met on January 25, but Mr Thanakorn denied and confirmed that some Miss Juthamat's words were deceiving. Ms Juthamat revealed that he felt that Mr Thanakon said this. He had just slept together on Tuesday. Wednesday has a problem. Which he was very confused As for the money that is currently a problem Would like to talk again
Extractional "Guk", 15 gunmen arrest warrant after 7 days of hunting|Extraordinary "Guk", gunner hired to escape the arrest warrant of 15 cases "Big New" revealed that the criminal uses a special operational war weapon. Before being shot dead in the middle of the field from the case of the Provincial Police Region 8, including arresting Mr. Pradit or Gok, aged 41, a citizen of Phatthalung The accused according to the arrest warrant for the Phatthalung Provincial Court, Trang and Songkhla Province, a total of 15 cases. The latest reported that Mr. Pradit or the granite was already an extraordinary police officer. Was arrested in the house at Ramkaew Subdistrict, Hua Sai District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province by encircling in the evening Maj. Gen. Suchart Theerasawat, Deputy Commander in Chief (SorSor.) Along with Pol.Lt.Gen. As well as armed with the team to chase the villains by themselves, with the senior police officers who oversee the area of Phatthalung, consisting of Col. Suriya Panya Mang, Deputy Chief of Police Phatthalung, Police Colonel Chavalit Phetsri Pia, Deputy Chief of Police, Phatthalung Province, Police Colonel Wirat Chin, Mueang Chor. Agency, Suppression Unit Phatthalung Provincial Police and the Border Police 434 Phatthalung, due to the case of the Provincial Police Region 8, encircling a resort in the area of Chamuang Subdistrict, Khuan Khanun District, Phatthalung Province to arrest Mr. Pradit or the 41 -year -old Grand. Phatthalung Provincial Court, Trang and Songkhla Province, a total of 15 cases, along with 4 people, but the criminals use war weapons to fight the police and escape until the blockade of many areas and many provinces. But still unable to arrest the granite and guys In which the police continue to mobilize to search continuously There are follow -up operations in Phatthalung, Trang, Phang Nga, Songkhla, and come to block the latest in the area of Moo 1, Ramkaew Subdistrict, Hua Sai District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. Before fierce fighters It was reported that the criminal tried to use the bomb to the officer and the HK. And the .357 firearms. Maj. Gen. Suchart Theerasawat, Deputy Commander in Chief (SorSor.) Or Big new, stated that after the incident had blocked the area waiting for 3 parties to do the autopsy, consisting of the administrative prosecutors, doctors and inquiry officials. ward Entering an extrajudicial expression At the time of the incident, the officers were besieged, the accused was about to enter the house. Therefore called out to meet the staff The moment he called him ran before clashing with the officer after the peaceful incident, the officers found firearms. In the backpack there is a magazine, a bullet and is unclear whether there is something else. As for the firearms of the criminal, there is a short cut M16 cut in the bag. The officer observed before the autopsy found that Mr. Pradit Mee has wounds shot into the leg. Mainly body But will have to wait for a thorough record after the doctor has performed an autopsy for Mr. Pradit history from 2007-2012 The accused of the Phatthalung Provincial Court, Trang and Songkhla Province, a total of 15 cases, consisting of 5 charges of killing others, trying to kill 3 other cases, charged with possession of drugs for sale, 2 cases, charged 1 case, charged with trying to kill 1 case. 1 type 1 drug was punished. The latest arrest warrant was arrested by the Phatthalung Provincial Court at 34/2565 of Khuan Khanun Police Station on charges of sale, which the type 1 drugs together with firearms or ammunition without Licensed Charged with together with firearms The ammunition or explosives, in addition to the Ministerial Regulations issued under Section 55, has a firearm in possession. Together on charges of bringing firearms to the city, village or public way without permission.
Can also be peak again. "Green Sale". Check the pee after the end of the trend.|"The Green Sedan draws the sword of the oil" Meet "Kanchai", requesting to check the pee after the end of the latest trend. Have talked to Uncle Dam, a young gas station, a good citizen, beer, who is in the event of the ball, the owner of the green car, a close friend and Fai's sister of the ball from the case of driving a green car to refuel but refusing to pay and drive the car. Escape Before being able to be gathered to be gathered and arguing by the green sedan Open mind on the trend Like asking answers And has a dizziness By apologizing for what he did to the uncle And intimidated As for the reason for not paying the ball, saying "I don't have money", while the green car football show cannot answer the question naturally, causing the young man to make a host. Therefore have to ask for permission to check the urine after the end of the program, while Fai's sister's sister apologized for what happened Accept the younger brother But don't know what drunk Ready to go to treat the symptoms that are Confirm the younger brother is conscious of everything. Won wants the story to end. As for what the younger brother has done, it is the fate that you must receive, which, after the end of the ball, the football has to inspect the pee and the latest results have come out. It appears that the urine results are purple. Or found substances in the body
The director did not secretly secretly the cave of the female teacher.Just go to water the vegetablesBut was shocked, so ran into the house until the fabric fell off|Director Tor, secretly a cave, a young teacher Just go to water the vegetables next to the house. But was shocked to have a teacher on duty, so ran into the house until the towel dropped CCTV at the front light pole is a traffic jam from the case. The director secretly watched the teacher bathing. Progress on this matter at 14.30 hrs. On January 28, Mr. Suchai, the director of the school, has reported to reporters. But refused to record the image By refusing, did not go in to sneak into the teacher bathing But went to water the vegetables that were grown in the pot beside the house From the clip, admitting that he was running into the house in shock that a teacher came in. Therefore ran until the towel dropped If doing so, he had to turn off the front light or walked out next to the house. But in the clip, it came out in front of the house and ran into the front of the house as before. And he was a CCTV at the front of the house Therefore requesting people in the social world to understand fairness as well Admitted to being a lustful person, while a teacher of a teacher who came to raise a grandchildren near the director's house, said that he saw the director being quiet, serious, working, cooking, cooking Self -ironing washing Therefore unbelievable that The director will commit an offense as alleged. Mr. Nitiwat Watthawi, acting on behalf of the director Told the reporter that Dr. Natthaphon Nuengchompoo, Chairman of the School Committee The committee has been completed and reported the investigation to the Bueng Kan District Office. From the inquiry of a group of male students, commented that There is confidence that the school director committed the truth as alleged. Meaning that he was secretly watching the teacher Because there is a clip that appears in the news if the director has good intentions or does not commit any offense Should not run away until the towel slipped off like that Same as Female students in grade 5 are confident that The director committed an offense as the teacher was accused. Because looking at the clips of events, the atmosphere in the school After the news of the school occurred Teachers and students also have normal exams. Like nothing happened Because he was satisfied that the supervisor ordered the director to move to help the government in the Bueng Kan District Office. And the reporter went to inspect the back of the teacher's house that is the bathroom Found that the roof is very low, only 135 cm high, the gap between the ceiling and the roof of the tiles 25 cm wide and has another ceiling blocking
Two aunt battle!Aunt 62 stabbed her aunt 58, spilling the monk, who was a former husband called to surrender.|58 -year -old aunt, shop owner Not satisfied with a 62 -year -old aunt, drunk and like to talk about pornography Going to kick and teach 2 finalists. The parties come back to pierce the filling, the reporter reported that yesterday (28 Jan), the investigation team of Nong Song Hong Police Station, Muang District, Buriram Province, according to the arrest of Ms. Lum Lum, 62 years after the incident. Fruit knives, piercing Ms. Saklee, 58 years old, the same house Was carried to the hospital with filling After the incident, the rescuers of Sakae Krathong Subdistrict Administrative Organization rushed to bring Miss Lam Lee to be sent to the hospital at Buriram Center. Urgent Due to the serious condition from the investigation, Ms. Lot Tokkai to the police who still have a drunkenness as a truly user of the knife, Ms. Saklee because of not being satisfied that they often complain. And this time he attacked himself Therefore went back to take the knife at home to stab the resentment After interrogating the investigation team Police Lieutenant Colonel Prasert Boonkheu, Inspector (Investigation), Nong Song Hong Police Station, Muang District, prosecuted in accordance with the steps from the inquiry. With aunt, quarreling loudly After that, aunt went home. Come back again, holding some things on the hand too When he found her face, he used a knife to pierce his grandmother's belly until it fell out. Then walked into Wat Chet Min Wanaram, which was near the scene of the incident. Mrs. Sangwan, 54 years old, the incident said that the culprit often drinking when drunk, often spoke to the front of the shop of Nang Sai. Causing dissatisfaction Until today, Cotton has walked to kick 2 times and then saw her walking back home. Come back again, wear a new outfit Expected to take a shower at home In which she had held things and walked into the shop Then pierced Nang Sai 1 time and then escaped into the temple After the police came to check Phra On Chan, 62 years old, her ex -husband, has stabbed the phone to lull out to surrender. Until the police followed to catch the forest behind the temple
Young surnameRacing River, car worker, road worker, on the highway 1, terrible 1|A young man, a famous surname Crashed into the car, the traffic surface adjustment. 1 Seriously 1 friend leaned with an alcoholic smell-resembling a drunken person reported that today (30 Jan) at 01.20 hrs. Directions from Bang Na head to Dao Khanong The curve of the pier at the scene found a Land Rover brand sedan. Registration number 333 Bangkok Lose the principle of the e -car that has been modified into a cleaning car while scraping the traffic surface on the expressway for new asphalt crab. Until the workers who died, Mr. Anusorn One of the workers who saw the incident said that while working on the road surface Prepare a new asphalt floor. And open the way for the car to pass only one way At that time he was working in front of the traffic sign. Warning the construction before the incident at around 01.00 hrs. There was a trailer driving in. But this sedan drove the front of the trainee at a speed of not less than 100 kilometers per hour. And hit the worker's car vigorously causing the car to hit the edge of the road And the deceased bounced off the car about 100 meters and another worker was seriously injured. The sedan driver was slightly injured. And got off the car to find that there was alcohol smell And looks like a drunken person for the car of the workers who are a tractor, modified to work Damaged both cars The wheel is broken out of the car. And the engine is damaged As for the sedan, the parties Damaged around the front of the car All of the officers have kept at the storage point of the 1st expressway police station. After the incident, detained at the Expressway 1 police station. Know the name, Mr. Sornwee, 22 years old. From the investigation, it was found that the same surname as the famous department store owner in the Victory Monument and was injured. Therefore sent to the Thep Tarin Hospital And the doctor should detect the alcohol in the blood to be assembled in the case And waiting for the results Which has not been preliminary at the police station In which the injured asked to sleep at the hospital first, after the treatment The inquiry official will report the allegations. Initially, must report the charges of removal, causing others to die. As for other charges Have to wait to check other evidence Additional assembly, the deceased is Mr. Ekachai, 33 years old, the people of Sa Kaeo Province Officials sent to autopsy to find the cause of death at the Department of Forensic Science. Faculty of Medicine Chulalongkorn University And let the relatives come to contact the body to continue to perform merit
What does DHL mean?Girls to cure the call center gangAsk just this, why have to boil?|The call center gang is still rampant. And there are repeated methods, especially calling the end of the line and claiming to be a famous product transportation company Guess that there is a parcel that must be delivered But the parcel has a problem And found that it was illegal May have to be prosecuted And tricked the victim to transfer money to receive the item first And will confirm your own innocence Which this kind of trick is seen frequently Until many people know and not, aside from not being a victim There are also ways to tumult with these criminals as well. For example, a Facebook owner named Pop Pichsinee Siriprasert, who posted the experience of a call center with a simple question. But completely turbulent She said that today, in the afternoon, sitting and writing a monthly content, seeing a number 02, calling in, accepted as an automatic system of DHL. "It's fun time," said the system. Like that wrong delivery This is waiting for you to press 0 to contact the staff quickly. I want to talk a lot (is the person who made the conjag with DHL itself with hands. Stupid one) and then it's time to press 0 start !!! "Hello. I'm a staff member from DHL. I don't know if I studied Khun Pitchasini, right? Me: Who will you contact? We would like to review the information for accuracy, because it is very important. ME: But when Ki said, calling from where, the robber: from DHL. Me: DHL What does it mean ?? .... Stay still for a moment and say We are transportation companies to transport goods around the world. ME: What does DHL mean ?? thieves: ......... Khun Pitchasini I called to have an important issue to inform you that you have a night from Singapore. Which has a letter attached to it as an illegal object. Me: Oh .... And what is DHL? Khun Pitsini is very important. You don't come to joking. Me: This is true to know what company to talk to. Will follow the matter correctly ?? How confused ?? Robber: I said DHL. Don't you understand ?? (Very furious) me: Ao and DHL stands for anything. ?? And then press the Hold button like that and then there are new people to speak as a robber girl: I am the supervisor of his younger brother. According to the statement, you have that you have illegal laws from Singapore. If you do not come to clarify this item, we need to prosecute the law with you. Me: Yes, understand. Please help send the parcel line to see? Are you ?? ME: No, ID, ID. Grilled: What is ID ?? Me: Pichsinee Beautiful and Chaming. There are two sunflowers. The back is a 2 robber's robber: ?? Me: Pichsinee Beautiful and Chaming, there are two sunflowers. The back is 2 robes. Throne: Ngeon ............. ME: Is this added yet? This is very anxious in case there is any expense to clear. Lazy to go back to jail Afraid of the husband, there is a mistress !!! Thieves: I'm adding. Me: Please spell to listen too. Fear of wrong !! Thieves: ....................... ... me: quickly, you Working very slowly The parcel will disappear quickly. Thieves: Do you understand the situation now? It's very dangerous. Your fingerprint is attached to the parcel box. We can notify you within 24 hours. Me: DHL stands for what ?? thieves: Please cooperate. (Very furious) me: And DHL is the Metropolitan Police ?? DHL, stands for what ?? Robbers: Echiban, Babba-Por-Por-Dam-Dam, Buffalo, or what? DHL can stand for what Gru also doesn't know. Satisfied, Ye- And then it was put on the ears.
Shocking Muang ChanSia drove a car to shoot 4 bodies, former wife-stepson-debtor|The big boy is resentful, both the money and the knot of the debt, driving the car, shot 4 bodies after the incident, still going to sit and drink calmly. Wo, if not arrested, will have the 5th body yesterday (30 Jan 65) at 15.30 hrs. Police at Soi Dao Police Station were notified of the deaths on the road 317 Chanthaburi - Sa Kaeo. In front of the temple at Lul, Village No. 1, Sai Khao Subdistrict, Soi Dao District, and in front of the Sunday market, Ban Lul, Village No. 1, where the Thai female body was found. Knowing the name later, Mrs. Wanpen, 49, was shot by .38 mm. Motor. Enter the left shoulder, 1 match, 1 shot, ammunition through the body. But could not find the shell Because it was a module firearm and Miss Araya, 25 years old, the daughter of Mrs. Wanpen Was 48 -year -old Mr. Prasit or Sia Daeng, who was the stepfather of Ms. Arraya shot with the weapon used to cause the incident into the body. After that, Sia Daeng drove the white Toyota Fortuner of Nang Wanpen, who had the body of Ms. Oraya, who was not yet clear whether he died. Stuck in the car as well. Escaped, so the radio bite in all areas that Mr. Prasit will escape. Later, at 16.00 hrs. The police were notified of the deaths. 9 Thap Sai Subdistrict, Pong Nam Hot District, the deceased, is Mr Theerachat, 44, the body was shot in the head 1 shot by the police that Was shot while Mr Theerachat was cutting the longan tree inside the garden To burn charcoal And the culprit is Mr. Prasit. In addition, Mr. Bun Ruam, 48, was shot as the 4th body at the left ear, right ribs and the left wrist has 5 bullets in the body and through the body. Died in the longan garden like Mr Theerachat Which at the same time The police received the information that Ms. Araya, who was taken by Mr. Prasit. Died after investigating that Mr. Prasit went to sit and drink calmly at the shop in Nong Makha Village, Village No. 4, Thung Pak Subdistrict, Soi Dao District, as if nothing had happened. The police went to arrest Mr. Prasit. Before bringing him to interrogate Soi Dao Police Station, from the investigation, Mr. Prasit confessed that all 4 bodies were shot because of resentment. Starting from shooting Nang Wanpen because of the problem of giving money from the durian gardening not 200,000 baht as agreed Which she and Mrs. Wanpen Both are widows, widows, have both children stuck together. Just live like a husband and wife for a while Before breaking up over the past 1 year before acting He knew that Mrs. Wanpen came to buy rice in the house market. Therefore riding the motorcycle to trap the scene Until Mrs. Wanphen, along with Ms. Oraya arrived with a Yo Toota Fortuner, and immediately shot both. Before driving Nang Wan Phen to escape, but Miss Aryya was shot in the car, so let it be released. Drive the car in the condition of the steps near the car, next to the car, after shooting both the mother and child. He drove to shoot Mr Theerachat. For the reason that Mr Theerachat borrowed 40,000 baht of her mother, but didn't use the next night, then shot Mr Bun Ruam. Because he was tricked into buying a fake gun Before Mr Bun Ruam changed to the .38 mm gun that was used to cause the incident, which he told Mr Boon Rong to check if it was a fake gun again. Let me try the gun that has changed. Before shooting Mr Boon joins to death in the end, even later, Ms. Arya also died as well. If not yet arrested He intended to shoot another 1 person.
Appeared again!Pimry Pie Pie ClinicAfter the face is clear and the mouth is deformedSubmit a letter|The victim of the Pimry Pie clinic filed a letter "Anutin" called for 1 million damages after injection. Revealing the clinic to conceal the drug Contacted and quietly disappeared. Reporters reported that today (31 Jan) at 10:00 am at the Office of the Permanent Secretary of Public Health, Lawyer Ratchaphon Sirisakorn, taking the victim named Ms. Thananrat, 43 years old, online merchant. Submitted a complaint to Mr. Anutin Charnwirakul, Minister of Public Health, with Ms. Sakon Nabun representing the book from the case of the victim going to surgery at the Pimry Pie Pie Clinic, Chinnakhet branch Each 2,022 baht. It turns out that the mouth is wry after plastic surgery. Expected to come from plastic surgery Currently, the damages have not been remedied. Which asked for the name of the drug The drug label comes to check. But the clinic claims that the doctor cannot contact Therefore have to make a complaint to check the clinic of Pimry Pie, the lawyer of Ratchaphon said that this singing First, want to check that the clinic What is illegal? Is there a illegal drug? The first number 2 would like to check the drug that examined the injection drugs, what is the drug because he has asked the clinic and the clinic does not inform the 3rd place. The main thing from the scene of the doctor did not come to look after. And is considered to be the right to overcome the rights of the patient Not informing the drug And stood at the attachment of 1 million baht to pay for the victim. Medical exam But not progress in any way And have a look at the base Before surgery And after doing Clearly deformed The victim therefore wants the clinic or Pimry Pie to contact you back. Because it is believed to be because of the clinic for sure and still have a medical certificate confirming And also said that he had lost confidence in this clinic
Young Rider stabbed his daughter, Deputy Inspector of the police, the police refused to be resentful.|Young Rider stabbed his daughter, Deputy Inspector of Capture, police, police officers, even though they were old friends in high school. Refusing to be resentful from the case of Mr. Siriwat or Boat, 20 years old, a vocational certificate, was hit by Mr. Parin or Mix, 20 years old, a professional Rider, in high school, knocking on the door, flats, police officers on the theater. Stay at the number 1002, 10th floor, before using a knife to pierce the stomach until injured and fleeing. The incident occurred while Mr Siriwat traveled to Miss Sawini or Prang, 22, the daughter of Capt. Patcharapong Kaewsai, Deputy Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Samae Police Station in the famous room. say In the middle of the night on January 30, the progress at 19.00 hrs. On 1 February, Mr. Parin or Mix, 20 years old, a knife traveled to surrender to Police Lieutenant Colonel Paniti Sor. (Investigation), the police officer From the inquiry concerned that Made because of resentment with personal matters and acted in a short -term mood But do not want to say that because of any matter for the symptoms of Mr. Siriwat or Boat Phatthanaphong, 20 years old. To rest for 3 days from 31 Jan- 2 Feb 65, the investigative officers therefore reported the charges. Harm your body, causing harm to the body and mind and charges of bringing weapons to the city of the village without reasonable cause. Before releasing back and making an appointment to send to the Thonburi Criminal Court Again, on Thursday morning, February 3, 65. However While the accused Entered the inquiry official, found that Ms. Sawini's daughter of Police Lieutenant Colonel Patcharapong Kaewsai, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Samre Police Station, who is a girlfriend with the injured. Also come to observe as well And when reporters Inquire about the cause again. Miss Sawini also confirmed that he didn't know. And asked to go and ask the hand of the knife
"Beam Saranyu" Sen "Power" found 2 police station, adjusting the money to drive a terrifying car to sue 2 court charges|"Beam Saranyu" found the prosecution from 2 police station after a thrilling driving from chewing the cottage or "Power". Today (2 Feb), Maj. Gen. Jirasan Kaewsang -Ek, spokesman metropolitan police Revealed the progress of the prosecution "Beam" Saranyu Prachakarich, the case of Facebook Chew the cottage leaves Drive and drive a ship in a negligence Until it was criticized in the social world that from the inspection The offense was found in 2 locations, namely Bang Yi Khan Police Station and Bang Phlat Police Station at Bang Yi Khan Police Station. Which may be dangerous to others or property And use the phone while driving In which the inquiry official called Beam Saranyu to acknowledge the charges And compare to a fine of 2,000 baht. In the Bang Phlat Police Station, the first 2 cases are the case of driving a car prosecution, 2 charges, namely driving, negligence. Which may be dangerous to others or property And use the phone while driving In which the inquiry official called Beam Saranyu to acknowledge the charges And compare to a fine of 2,000 baht. The second case is the case of driving a car, the car seized the car and prosecuting 3 charges, namely driving, negligence. Which may be dangerous to others or property Drive regardless of the suffering or safety of others and bring the car that does not register the registration number and pay taxes in the way. In this case, a comparison of 1,000 baht in the offense charged with driving negligence. Which may be dangerous to others or property. The other 2 charges of making an appointment to file a lawsuit tomorrow (3 Feb 65)
The son was in jail, trying to kill his father.Punished to kill his motherThree faces smashed the horror head.|Torpi Used to blame, try to kill his father Leaving the prison to kill the 73 -year -old mother, threw a third of the horror head on the date (1 Feb 65). In the past, Pol. Pol. Maj. reduce That he had a son crazy about killing his mother Therefore hurried to inspect the incident at Village No. 7, Ban Han Phe, Laem Subdistrict, Na Yong District, Trang Province. The scene was a one -story cement house. Many blood piles On the cement floor in the garage, wearing a T -shirt, wearing sarong bags from the autopsy In the back of the head so intense that the skull broke, the brain flowed near each other, found the denture of the deceased fell out of the mouth. Create To the villagers and relatives who saw the culprit, the son of the deceased, named Mr Theerapong or Ple, 39 years old, which before the incident called the money that had been deposited with the mother. In order to buy amphetamines Like always doing it regularly, 100-200 baht per time, but this time, my mother said that there is no money. The child then drove a motorcycle out of the guesthouse. Complete with three front trees Come to the mother's house Which is about 200 meters apart when seeing the mother standing in the garage Then used the third face to smash the head more than 10 times until the mother died Before driving a blue motorcycle without a license plate Escaped from the investigation, knowing that the deceased had two sons who committed the eldest son. Have a history of severe drug addiction for over 20 years and 10 years ago, had been mad Causing a knife weapon Sliced his father's neck once, but luckily, his father survived and was arrested for trying to kill. After coming out of the penalty Was continuously arrested for 3-4 times, and in 2019 was arrested for drug abuse, causing property, and fighting against the arrest of the official Before being imprisoned at Trang prison, after the latest penalty, the police officer was arrested and arrested in a drug case, found 10 methamphetamine, but was temporarily released by the court. Until the initial tragic cause More than 10 investigations and administrative sets have been raised urgently. At approximately 14.00 hrs. Found a motorcycle of the offender. Parked in the rubber plantation in the area of Village No. 6, Lam Mo Subdistrict, Na Yong District, near each other, found the culprit The officer then tried to arrest. But the accused fled into the villagers' house In the hand, still holding a wooden face Which is a weapon for the killing of her own mother, length 1.50 meters and the waist has 1 pocket knife until finally arresting It takes about 3 hours to arrest. Most recently, the accused was locked in the prison cell. Because there are still hallucinations From the power of the drug severely And still have crazy symptoms all the time At this time, officials have to wait. Allowing the effect of drugs Before proceeding with the legal movement
Invade 2, the accused"Random Pimry Pie" tricked into transferring money via QR Code|Deputy Commander in Chief of Region 1 announced the arrest of 2 suspects to proceed with the box of Pimry Pie today (2 February) at 15.00 hrs. At Pak Kred Police Station, Pol.Lt.Gen. Region 1, Pol.Lt.Gen. Wasan Techa Akkhakasem, Commander of the Investigation Center Region 1, Pol.Lt.Gen. Police Colonel Pongsak Chak Prichakarunphong, Pak Kred Police Station, Pol.Col. Samphan Timcharoen, Deputy Director of the Pak Kred Police Station and Mr. Ronnarong Kaewphet, President Jointly announced the arrest of Mr. Punnaphat, 25 years old, according to the arrest warrant of Nonthaburi Provincial Court at 73/2012, dated 31 January 2022 and Miss Free, 22 years old, Thai-Malaysian nationality. According to the arrest warrant of the Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 72/2012 dated 31 January 2022, accusing both of them "Together, fraud, acting as a person of other people and dishonestly or deceived into a computer system, which is distorted or fake, whether all or in all. Or false computer information, which is likely to be damaged to the people, which is done to one person "by arresting Mr. Punnaphat at a condominium in Lat Phrao area, Khlong Chan Subdistrict, Lat Phrao District, Bangkok. Arrested at the Coffee Shop, South Pattaya Road 3, Nong Prue Subdistrict, Bang Lamung District Chon Buri Province Can seize all 3 items, namely Col. Samphan Timcharoen, Deputy Director of the Pak Kred Police Station, revealed that before being arrested The injured person posted a refund message on December 20, 2022 on Facebook, "Pimry Pie sold everything". Pimry Pie contacted the victim and pretending that I am the admin of the said page. After that, the QR code was sent to the victim, claiming that it was a return from Pimry Pie Company Limited. In the event that the product is not satisfied with the product in the random box, the victim is fascinated, the QR Code scanned 2 times, causing the money out of the victim's account to the bank's bank account. After that, Miss Free Transferred the said amount of the victim to Mr. Punnaphat's account Which, from the investigation, found that Mr Punnaphat Had caused many to deceive many victims And has a history of 3 criminal cases regarding property. However, the police also warn those who have the behavior to open their accounts or bring their own accounts by using the deposit accounts of the criminals or the offender, which must be punished. According to the law equivalent to the offender Currently, there are many offenses in the said manner. The Provincial Police Region 1 will conduct an investigation and arrest the arrest of the accused who have committed the offense in the way by using the legal punishment measures in the highest offense and prosecuted for money laundering. In order to be a model for the offense of such a manner of honesty, people who make a living and will proceed with legal proceedings while Mr Natthawut, the victim The police officer called to inform the criminal. Then come to identify and see whether to refund or how He was happy to receive good news. As he knew the accused, he was ready to refund. As for the case, the police must continue to follow the law. May have to let him be punished because what he does is damaged in many parts, not just identity For example, Pimry Pie was also damaged because of using this channel to make money. He talked a little to the accused that his actions made many people suffering. Because everyone earns money with labor But he did this, only a short time But took the money to use his personal happiness without care about the feelings of Thai people together It's not very fair. But he didn't ask what he had to do Saw the police that they took the money to eat and travel in general Buy clothes, wear He will take this case as a lesson for online shopping. To online shoppers, what will you order to see the account number only? But if coming as a barcode only, not recommended at all If transferred, only to our account. The lawyer Ronnarong said that today is happy and proud that the police at Pak Kred police station and the Provincial Police Region 1 bring the force to catch the criminal. Doing this is good. To make other cases Some examples This case is linked in Cambodia. All of the cases that they do, most of them do not run to Myanmar or Laos at all. Only 99% of this area may have to leave to those who have the power to bring all the fighters to catch these or not. Not to deceive Thai people and escape to Cambodia Cases like this. Say that today may not be arrested. But tomorrow may definitely be caught one day And no matter what horse account you are Even if you refund the money, then go to jail anyway. This is the decision of the new Supreme Court. Punished as the fraudulent person at Pak Kred police station The case of Pimry Pie, who contacted himself, 10 incomes do not count other areas. But other places do not progress as much as Pak Kret Don't know why We can't prevent people from cheating us. But we will buy things with anyone, must look carefully Going to all TV channels, then ask all channels about how to prevent it from being cheated. Do the best is to protect yourself. Can you choose a reliable page to check as a real page? Is there a real administrator? And the destination account. Or is the name of the person we talk, such as Pimry Pie page, must be named Pimry Pie, not other names
Why do you do this!Luang Phi won the lottery.But found a good hand, leverage the cubicle stubbornly|The 68 -year -old teacher was hit by the last 2 lottery numbers and 3 numbers, representing 1.6 thousand baht. But was leverage the cubicle to both lotteries and lotteries. Another 700 primate of the sub -district, with more than 2,500 baht, would like the police to arrest him today (2 Feb). Pho, Village No. 10, Ban Chan Subdistrict, Phutthaisong District, Buriram Province, even invested in buying a CCTV in front of his cubicle After on February 1, the criminal leverage the cubicle. Then went to search for property in the room Found that the lottery that was bought for about 10 tickets. On February 1, disappeared. In this amount, there is a final number 30, which corresponds to the last 2 numbers, totaling 4 tickets, accounting for 8,000 baht and the lottery match the last number 3. The number 509, another 2 tickets, 8,000 baht, totaling 16,000 baht, and there is still a cash collected in another 700 baht. monk He left the cubicle to go to me in the morning at the temple pavilion. When returning, it appeared that The key that locks the room has signs of being cut. When he entered, he found that the said property was missing. In addition, the abbot of the temple and the Dean of Ban Chan Subdistrict Still stolen about 2,500 baht. He didn't think much. Stealing was stolen. If not afraid of sin, merit Partly would like the law to proceed Because he did not want the criminal to be impatient to cause the other side of the Great Buddha, the 56 -year -old described the Ban Chan District Dean, said that the money that had disappeared is the money that has progressed to step on the back. It is approximately 2,000 baht banknotes and the coin in the alms bowl is about 500 baht, totaling 2,500 baht that is missing, so would like to leave to the criminal. If the hands and feet should be, should go to work to make money. Better to steal other people's things Especially inside the temple Shouldn't do this After the incident went to report to Pol. Col. Chumpon Yen Yen, Sarttha (investigation), Phutthaisong Police Station, Phutthaisong District, Buriram Province, in order to speed up the criminals to proceed with the case.
Be stunned!Table caretaker tempt 2, a 8-year-old girl to do indecent for 2-3 months.|Two girls, 8 years old, was taken care of the snooker table to deceive for 2-3 months ago (2 February) at 12.33 hrs at Khu Khot Police Station, Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani Province. Two parents of 8 years old, traveled to meet Police Lieutenant Colonel Chanikan Sarasathien Chaiyakit, Deputy Inspector of Khu Khot police station that he was notified by a good citizen that a 59 -year -old man Deceived both girls Go to the residence in Lam Luk Ka area Then rape And give the genitals Many times Which has been done for 2-3 months. The incident occurred at the room behind a snooker table in Lam Luk Ka area. Pathum Thani Province from inquiries The mother of 1 girl in two people said that she was abused by the child to play the phone. Then let the birds 10 times to play a new phone, which the children want but are afraid When he was puke After he knew about him, he refused. But accept the money to be evidence to know that he actually does our child Before accepting that he did From the beginning, I never trust him. But there are a lot of people, so don't think he will do it. He made an appointment for the other party that his daughter was done to do. After knowing that the police have arrested the culprit Was happy that the police caught Want him to die in prison But worried about the mind, the mind, daughter and really do not want to be news Because of fear of children going to meet when growing up Would like to forget what happened, which the behavior of the accused Will deceive the child in playing the phone, with exchanges Deceived to play the game he specified If you make a mistake or lose, you have to take off or you must win the mountains, but if you win, you will follow the exchange. Until the sexual harassment of both children, but the other just rubbed outside And most of them will force the birds to achieve his orgasm later Pol.Lt.Gen. Phanchai Chuenjaitham, Deputy Commander in Chief 1, came to Khu Khot police station to follow the details of the case. With a meeting with Police Colonel Manatweet Thong -amp, Director of Khu Khot Police Station, along with the investigative officer of Khu Khot police station, even brought the accused to investigate at the meeting room on the 2nd floor. With a short time to investigate, Pol. Maj. Gen. Phanchai Chuenjaitham, Deputy Commander in Chief 1, revealed that first we must follow Child Protection Act according to child rights, which is important Because the victim is 2 girls after the investigation The police have reported the allegations. And requesting an arrest warrant for Thanyaburi Provincial Court On charges of acting for children not over 13 years old, taking children under the age of 15 for indecent, separation of children under the age of 15 to lose from their parents, parents or caregivers for indecent. But the inquiry official is interrogating to find details in the link. In which the accused was known before In which the child calls an adult, however, the said actions should not happen. This proceedings The police will hold the compliance. Child Protection Act Best Which from the report of that investigation Currently, the child is under the care of the staff. By bringing the children to the staff to take care of the child's mental state appropriately
The court ordered a fine of 1,000 "Beam Saranyu" Zing Go Kart in the middle of the road.Confess to 500|The Taling Chan court ordered to adjust "Beam Saranyu" racing a 1,000 baht. Confessing to reduce the penalty to 500 baht today (3 February) at the Taling Chan Criminal Court, Chimplee Subdistrict, Taling Chan District, Bangkok, Mr. Saranyu Prachakri or Beam, a famous actor Used the entrance to the back of the court Up to the trial room According to the Special Prosecutor, the Criminal Case, Taling Chan 1, which brought the case of the investigation officer of Bang Phlat Police Station to file a lawsuit with the court. In order to have a verdict for driving a car, regardless of safety Or the suffering of others. In the indictment, Beam Saranyu has pleaded guilty throughout the allegations, which testified that the incident was an event that occurred in March 2021, the day of the day was not clear by the incident. I was riding a Go -kart. Not attached to the license plate Follow Charan Sanitwong Road Heading Bangplad Which is a public way In the form of driving from one way to another speed And also to make a U -turn into the Bangplad intersection. As for other offenses, such as driving a car by the license, the end of the car, driving negligently And use the car that is not registered in public The inquiry official said in the indictment that he had interrogated the charges and compared. The court considered the evidence. Together with the defendant To confess Therefore sentenced that The defendant is guilty. Order a fine of 1,000 baht, but the defendant confessed Reduce the penalty to half to 500 baht. After listening to the verdict, Beam Saranyu hurried to get in the car immediately. In which the personal manager explained that because Beam was filming the drama, he had to hurry to travel Making it impossible to clarify various details That can occur
"Burapha 491" with the call center gangThai people go to workCall to deceive Thai people to transfer money|PCT police invaded Sa Kaeo. Opening the Burapha operation 491 with the call center gang. Deceive Thai people across the border To work to deceive another person, fry the victim like hell on the ground today (3 Feb 65) at approximately 10.00 hrs. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, as the director of the Information Technology Crime Suppression Center The Royal Thai Police (SPO) or PCT together with Pol.Lt.Gen. Arrest the large call center network and issue an arrest warrant for 17 gangs and prepare to expand the arrest warrant for over 10 horse accounts There are 2 husbands and wives on the side of Thailand. Responsible for coordinating with the Chinese network leader and is engaged in procuring Thai people Go to work in Cambodia Through the recruitment website of neighboring countries By pretending to have a good income, comfortable work when people believe to drive to the house and bring across the border to Cambodia The investigation set therefore gathered evidence to approve the court to issue an arrest warrant for 2 husbands and wives. 491, the call center gang began to cut the crossroads of Thai people crossing the Cambodia. The police were able to arrest 2 husband-wife. The name is Mr. Nathakorn, 28 years old and Ms. Oi Jai, 34 years old, both of which were reported to 5 charges, "together as a rape and rape others to do anything. Not doing anything Or agree to anything By fear that it will be harmful to life, body, freedom, reputation, or the property of the rape, or of others, delaying or imprisoning others, in order to take people into slaves Or to have a slave Or exported outside the Kingdom Or delay that any person , To get the ransom By delaying or imprisoning any person Participate in transnational crime organizations. "From the interrogation of the two suspects, confessed throughout the allegations, admitted that Mr. Por Ngam is a large Thai person controlling the Thai call center on the Cambodian side. Have searched the secret saf that used to stay in Thai people before crossing the border 2 points in Khok Sung Subdistrict, Khok Sung District, Sa Kaeo Province, found evidence such as bank account books Identify the name of the owner of the account, Ms. Chutima and Mr Thanakorn, the Border Pass of the accused of recording the entrance and expenditures of 1 book. That takes Thai people across the border to Cambodia In the area of the rice fields behind the Castle, Kok Tham, which Deputy Commander in Chief with the operation Must use a walk for about 4 kilometers to the border, with the accused testifying that When crossing to Cambodia There will be people on the Cambodian side leading to Because the border area has a bomb of the Cambodian soldiers If not skilled, the route will be bombed. Pol.Lt.Gen. Theeradet Thammasutr, Commander in Chief of the Police Station 2, revealed that at the point of pointing the scene, there was a victim. Claiming to be a victim in Call Center Gang Who escaped back to Thailand, met Gen. Damrongsak Ready to provide additional information that After sending Thai people to cross the border, someone will come to pick up. When reaching the operating base of Call Center Gang Then will be caught as a slave To work to deceive Thai people to transfer money By forced to work for 15 hours a day, no holidays, imprisoned if resistant, will not be cruel Both imprisoned and assault In some cases, it was resold to other gangs. The condition is like going to hell. But some are willing to deceive Thai people because they will get good money But the victim confessed that it was not to deceive Thai people together Until someone was tricked by some people calling back to ask for a refund And even suicide, Gen. Gen. Damrongsak said that at present, the call center gang The epidemic is very heavy and has changed a variety of strategies, such as pretending to be related to drug cases. By disguising himself as a police officer Pretend to receive the award Trick to fall in love and invite investment Trick to borrow money online And has developed to Trick to transfer money to the coin trading website Cryptocurrency Which is a ghost trading website By transferring money into the form of digital currency (USDT) and cannot withdraw the coin Therefore warn the people Do not become a victim easily believe. If found, the information can be found at the PCT 081-8663000 center, official time or hotline. 1441 or www.pct.police.go.th 24 hours.
Catching a real father raped her 13 -year -old daughter.|The police arrested a real father. Rape and assault, a 13 -year -old daughter, confessing I just want to know if you have anything before. Miss Duangduen (Reserved name, surname), grade 6 teacher of a school Take the girl A (a hypothetical name), 13 years old, grade 6 students report to the inquiry official Wichian Buri Police Station Phetchabun province on December 29, that was 33 years old (reserved), who was a true father. Causing rape and physical assault Which later the police gathered evidence And investigated with the most beautiful Wichian Buri Provincial Court Issued an arrest warrant Holding Mr. Pram (Reserved surname) by arresting at the guesthouse While Mr. Pramang had no resistant attitude While also confessing that he had caused the actual cause But does not have genital implant Because of the orgasm first. In addition, also admitted that he had used his finger to violate the real daughter, which the officers reported the charges Charged with abusing children under 13 years of age, performed against the tracers. And charges of physical harm to the behavior The father to act with his daughter is In April 2021, the father traveled to pick up the girl A (a fictional name) from the house of aunt in the northeast province. Because the girl of the girl A died from an accident about 3 years ago, the aunt traveled to pick up the body. And adopted the female protagonist to raise in the province in the northeast until 3 years passed. Traveled to get a daughter from aunt to return to raise In which the girl Ae came to live with his father in Wichian Buri District In April 2021, and within that month, Mr. Pramot, the real father, caused the rape of his daughter in the filling. Maybe because of drunken drugs (amphetamines), then rape And hurt the child. Until now, the girl became a sad child, not cheerful. Choose to date friends, rarely speak, do not play with friends like normal children, and every time you get hurt by the father, the girl will cause stress. Until secretly taking 5-9 pills of paracetamol per day, every time he was attacked by his father More lately The father is even more physically assaults. The girl A is secretly taking medicine more often from the inquiry. Because just wanting to know if you have anything before Meaning that he knew some As for the liquor for a long time, the drug had been used for a long time. As for the abuse of the daughter, the daughter had only done once. Sorry to do it. Because the love of the child then made it
The father set the fire burned out.-The 4-year-old child died while sending the hospital. Still saying "Please help dad."|Father is stressed. My wife fled back to the country. Fortunately, driving a pickup truck, Saleng, the parties died, held the hand of the 4 -year -old son to burn, both as a dead child. The reporter reported that yesterday (3 Jan), Ms. Areerat Narinphong, a social worker. Social development and human security, Pathum Thani Province, has been coordinated by Mrs. Siriwimon Hemu, Social Development and Human Security, Pathum Thani Province. To go to the area of one house, Village No. 5, Soi Renu Uthit, Khwang Subdistrict, Lat Lum Kaeo District Pathum Thani province, after receiving the report that on January 2, at about 18.40 hrs. There was a tragic incident that his father burned himself and the child in the car to commit suicide. As a result, the 4 -year -old son died at the hospital, while the 48 -year -old father was seriously injured, still maintains at Pathum Thani Hospital to find a family to help the family from the inquiry. That before the incident, in the evening he saw Mr Thong, 48, who was seriously injured. Drive his own car, which is a white Toyota pickup truck to park at the parking lot, about 20 meters away from his own home before Mr Thong went straight to the neighbor's house. Which is on the opposite side of his own house to ask for the son of Por, 4 years old, 6 months, the neighbors are at the time that the father is not Before the father walked in to pick up his son, held his hand into the car Then drove into the house of Mr Thong's relatives in the alley. The neighbors saw that Mr Thong went was to take the oil. Then Mr Thong drove the pickup truck to park in the same area around the car near his own house again. Before Mr Thong walked down to buy a lighter with a serious expression and didn't talk to anyone. By placing 10 baht and then walking back to the car I also asked "Where are you going?" But the person did not answer. After that, less than 5 minutes passed. Came to know later that it was burnt Walked to his own home before Nong, when I told myself that "Please help dad. Help dad too. "Ready to find a river to help his father before he had the child stay with the neighbors and rushed to see the scene. Found that Mr Thong lying beside the car Before rushing to help bring Nong Por to the hospital As for the father, the rescue team sent Pathum Thani Hospital as well, while bringing Nong Por to the hospital. "Please help dad. Helping my father. "All the way and without pain or crying, then the doctor urged to help Nong Por urgently until after 22.00 hrs. Last night, Nong Chon started to get worse and died later. As for the father, he was in serious condition to treat at Pathum Thani Hospital. For Nong Phet, it is loved by all the villagers. Because it is a good -natured child speaks because and can live with everyone. I expected that the cause would come from stress. Because before this, the wife broke up by traveling back to Myanmar on November 19, 2021 and knowing that Mr Thong had driven to a car crash at the back of the Saleng car on Pathum Thani-Lat Lum Kaeo Road. The U -turn in front of Wat Suwan Chin Daram, Khu Bang Luang Subdistrict, Lat Lum Kaeo District, Pathum Thani Province, causing the 54 -year -old Saleng car driver to die because of another pickup truck at the opposite direction. Come with the Saleng car, slightly injured Therefore, it is expected that the cause of stress increases the tragic incident, while the white Toyota pickup truck, which is at the Private storage location, Khu Bang Luang police station, found that the car has a trace of the fire that Both seats The roof burns and also found the father's clothes burned inside the car. In which the pickup truck found a pine oil on 1 year. It is expected that the fuel that the father used to cause a tragic incident. The front camera also found that the minute can be captured. Found that the car of the deceased shook back and forth before overtaking a pickup truck Before driving in the far right and crashing into the Saleng car Until the Saleng car rushed over to the shore to hit another pickup truck until died. "Normally, Mr Thong is a person, not talking too much. And Nong Por is a smart child, negotiating Call all mom Is loved by everyone After this, knowing that the aunt who lives in Nonthaburi will proceed with all the bodies, "said Jinin.
Young 17, resentful, not choosingInvade the grilled meat shop to shoot the devilGrandma released in prisonI don't remember!|"Ask one word, who will choose?" The 17 young man invaded the heart at the grilled meat shop. Customers escape to death. Grandma brought the rice to visit but let go to jail. Teaching do not remember! (3 Feb 65) Col. Atsada Nayapid, Director of the Khu Mueang Police Station, Khu Mueang District and Pol. Bringing Soda, 17 years old and Mr. Ko, 19 years old, Nong Khok Subdistrict, Khu Mueang District, Buriram Province, after investigating last night, around 19.00 hrs. .38    17  . . .  Injured Was sent to treatment at the Buriram Center Hospital The incident occurred at the grilled beef shop, "Fak Canal", through the roadside of Sai Buri Ram-Phutthaisong Road, Nong Khok Subdistrict, Khu Mueang District. Gunman Initially, the police charged "Jointly try to kill" and the Guns Act is expanding whether there is another person in the movement. From the inquiry, Miss Parm, 18 years old, is a college student in Buriram province, saying that he has made an appointment. gluten Is the same student And just dating as a girlfriend to eat grilled meat In which he brought a 9 -year -old nephew as a friend to start eating grilled meat for about 30 minutes. There was a 17 -year -old soda who had been dating before. Walked in and asked "Where did you not be dating this person? "Then Mr. Soda Asked the question "Ask one word to choose." So he said that he would be a new person, then Mr. Soda Hold the grilled meat table to overturn the table, but not strong, only hot water from grilled meat to be hit by a 9 -year -old grandchildren Before Mr. Soda Will walk out of the grilled meat shop He was afraid that this group would attach to Mr. Tang. Therefore call a friend at Lam Thamonchai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, which is a area with Khu Mueang District, about 5 km apart to come back home Later, a new boyfriend Riding a motorcycle to receive a total of 5 people, with the owner of the beef shop watching While going out to the store to prepare to return Have a car to park in front of the shop Then heard the sound of two shots up. After that, each person, including the guests sitting in the shop, ran away, survived, causing Mr. Pon, a friend, a girlfriend who came to pick up the only bullet, namely 1 left arm and right arm, Ms. Pantipha, 29 years old, the owner of the grilled meat shop says that there are employees in the shop to say that Someone quarreled The girlfriend then walked in to ask. Do not quarrel in the shop To sympathize with people to make a living Saw the situation The guests who came to eat in the shop should have been attacked because of coming alone. Therefore calling friends to pick up But didn't think that he would come back to shoot like this latest The police also detained both of them at the Khu Mueang police station to investigate more today. Before sending him to be imprisoned. Later, there was a 66 -year -old Nang Bua Papa. Along with saying that Parents go to work in the provinces. In the past, he always taught to be a good person. Don't be unruly, but the grandchildren are not interested. In this event, I am not very sad. Because it has always been taught As for bail, there is no money to come to insure grandchildren. Because the case is highly punished Must let go of the fate Do whatever you want to get results like that.
The heart of the 18 -year -old daughter was killed.Stuffed the bare body into a black box, throwing away the grass|The 18 -year -old woman disappeared since January 30, becoming a dead body. Also denied reporters that today (4 Jan), Pol. Maj. Amnat In Pan Kham, Inspector Investigation Suphan Buri Police Station Notified of a suspicious box with a black odor, rotten in the grass in the river Behind the house of the Plao Plao, Village No. 7, Sala Khao Subdistrict, Mueang Suphan Buri District It is expected that the body of a human being found a black plastic box covered with a black bag was left in the grass in the waterway behind the house. Officials therefore helped bring the suspect box to check. When opening a plastic box which is 38 centimeters high, 70 centimeters wide, everyone is taken aback. When found that the plastic box is the body of a female human Bare bottom condition Captured, stuffed in the condition of the shrimp Later, he was confirmed by Mr. Prasan, 53 years old, that the deceased was his daughter, Miss Sumita, 18 years old. Bring the body of the deceased to inspect the cause of death in detail at the National Forensic Institute. Preliminary cannot be proven at the scene because the deceased is in a bare state. Life says that he and his family work at this plaster together. And on January 30 ago The daughter disappeared. He therefore helped each other to find it but could not find it. He thought that his daughter would definitely be carried. Because the daughter is good -looking, white skin, sometimes wearing shorts As for the matter to escape, follow the girlfriend, probably not because of the property Of the ball, which includes gold rings, gold necklaces, as well as cash Therefore reported the missing person at the police station And all fellow workers helped to share pictures of girls announced on social media But didn't find it. Even today, a fellow worker said that he found a suspicious box with a foul odor. When he came to see, he believed that his daughter would definitely be killed. Therefore notified the police to inspect As for the criminals, they believe that they are teenagers working in the plaster together after the incident disappeared. Pol. Col. Niwat Matarat, Deputy Commander in Chief. W. Suphanburi Just a short revealing that from the investigation of the incident and from the investigation of the father, the deceased and the preliminary fellow worker, knowing that the suspect will cause the incident who escaped outside the area on 2 February at At this time, he ordered the investigation team. Suphanburi Province Leading to chase, follow and arrest him to investigate the cause of the cause and report to the latest There was a news report that the police officers in Huai Phueng police station in Kalasin have arrested this suspect. But from the initial interrogation, this suspect also denied that it was not a killing. However, the investigative officers Suphanburi Province While traveling to pick up and investigate at Suphan Buri Police Station
Open the confession of the young man, kill 18 girls, stuffed the body in a black box.Unfolding another person to help lift it to hide|Collected and killed a 18 -year -old girl, stuffed bare bodies in a black box Claiming the woman wants to be raised Despite having a child and wife from the case of the police at Muang Suphanburi Was informed of the body of a young woman being killed, stuffed in a plastic box in the back of the house, a holiday, a plaster worker, Village No. 7, Sala Khao Subdistrict, Mueang District, Suphan Buri Province. Inspect the name is Ms. Sumita (reserved surname) or Nong Ten, the latest 18 years, today (4 Jan) at 17.30 hrs. Have inspected, followed by Mr Thanakorn, 20 years old after being coordinated by Suphan Buri police station that Mr Thanakorn, a suspect that caused the incident Traveled to the ground with his wife at Ban Nong Muk, Village No. 4, Kham Bong Subdistrict, Huai Phueng District, Kalasin Province. Which Mr Thanakorn and the deceased Working in the same place and has a room next to each other Both of them have a sexual relationship. But the deceased parents did not know the day of the incident. Which the deceased wants to raise my husband and wife and want to tell the father of the deceased But the man didn't want to take care of Because he already has a wife and wife Therefore argued before using his hands to strangle the deceased Put the body into the box in his own room and then let the Myanmar friends come to help raise the body to hide Before fleeing to live with his wife at Ban Nong Mak, Village No. 4, Kham Bong Subdistrict, Huai Phueng District until being arrested Pol.Lt.Gen. The Provincial Police Station, Kalasin Province, revealed that the matter has been initially reported by the investigation of Huai Phueng Police Station inspected the suspect at Ban Nong Ma Ngong, Huai Phueng District, after receiving the coordination from Suphan Buri police station. According to the inspection of the officers, it was found that the person who has a species that has been informed. Before bringing himself to inquiries This suspect admitted that it was a real person. And is currently coordinating with the police Suphan Buri Police Station In order to travel to get to interrogate in detail and proceed with the legal proceedings
The police invaded Hi -Lo.In the middle of the Bang Sao Thong community, gambled 43 gamblers|At 8:00 pm on February 4, 2022, the police officers of the Anti -Corruption and Misconduct Division (Police Station) brought the power to break the Hi -Lo, located in the middle of Soi Thai Insurance 1, Village No. 15, Bang Sao Thong Subdistrict. Bang Sao Thong District, Samut Prakan Province Is a one -story warehouse Open as a snooker table. The inside is open to gambling, Hi -Lo, online gambling (slots), Hi -Lo Online. After searching, can arrest 43 gamblers, 17 men and 23 women are 3 transnational workers and seize the belongings. In the amount of 49,300 baht, 1 set of plates with open lids, 3 dice, 1 table for stabbing 1 piece, 9 pieces of money, 3 -sheet gambling jackets, daily expenditure accounts 1 book, a cash card for 145 car costs, 1 set of time, 1 set of CCTV CCTV CCTV, 1 box, 2 boxes of money collection, touch screen Online gambling, with Mr. Bear as the owner of the casino. Together, smuggling gambling (Hi -Lo) gambling, taking assets without permission. Is a dealer for eating, gambling (Hi -Lo), jointly organized gambling (Hi -Lo), violating the emergency situation. Together as a rally or mingling, which may cause a condition that is not in a condition. Which may cause dangerous communicable diseases Or the epidemic spread, and is a foreigner traveling in and being in the Kingdom without permission Is a foreigner working without permission Before detaining all the gamblers, boarding the bus with the belongings to the Bang Sao Thong Investigation Officer, Samut Prakan for further legal proceedings.
The security guard tells the story of a tragic, 18 -year -old father, and walks to find her children all over.Until found a box stuffed the body|From the case of the police at Muang Suphanburi police station Was informed of the body of a young woman being killed, stuffed in a plastic box in the back of the house, a holiday, a plaster worker, Village No. 7, Sala Khao Subdistrict, Mueang District, Suphan Buri Province. Inspect the name is Ms. Sumita (reserved surname) or Nong Ten, 18 years old, with the criminal, a 20 -year -old boy who lives in the neighboring room and has a secret relationship with the latest dead. The security officer said that he knew that the deceased disappeared on the 31st because the father of the deceased came to ask that the child was kidnapped. Because in the bedroom Found that various valuable assets were not disappeared, but 1 blanket disappeared and there were traces like being invaded Because he saw a water bottle falling in the father's room, believing that Children do not escape the man as others think, because if that is the case, will have to take the money or valuable property with you. But only the lost blanket Therefore thought that Mr Wira was also said that he saw the father of the deceased Followed and found a daughter in the forest, until someone could smell at the back of the accommodation. Until found a puzzle box covered with a black bag When he opened it, he was shocked, so he quickly informed the police.
The wife of the accused killed 18 girls stuffed the box to manage according to the law.Revealed that he had just had a baby for 4 months.|The progress of the police at Muang Suphanburi police station was informed of the body of a young woman killed, stuffed a plastic box in the back of the house, a worker's house, Sala Khao Subdistrict, Muang District, Suphan Buri Province. Inspect the name is Nong Ten, 18 years old, initially from inquiring of the deceased relatives that Nong Ten has disappeared from the house since January 31. Until found as a corpse And relatives suspect the 19 -year -old young man who works in a single cement And there are rooms next to each other And after the 19 -year -old man had disappeared Until the police investigated the Huai Phueng Police Station, Kalasin Province, after fleeing to hide in the wife's house in Huai Phueng District, Kalasin Province on February 4. Which initially accepted as the latest actual act at 09.00 hrs. On February 5, 2022, reporters reported that Investigation officers in Muang Suphanburi police station traveled to pick up Mr Thanakorn, 19 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant of Suphanburi Provincial Court, 17 February 2022, on charge of killing others with intent and buried, moving or destroying the body or Funeral To hide the death or the cause of death to investigate at Muang Suphanburi police station At the time of 01.00, previously the accused admitted that it was the real culprit. By claiming that there is a relationship with a girl with the deceased And the deceased wants to raise But I already have a wife and children Therefore argued Before squeezing the neck until died and put the body into the box. Who came to hide after the incident, found that it was a one -story cement house Galvanized Which has not been completed And met with the wife of the accused 18, with a 4 -month -old daughter, with the wife of the accused who had eaten the husband and wife with Mr Thanakorn for about 1 year. Nong Waeng, Somdet District, Kalasin Province, has traveled to work in Suphan Buri province for about 5-6 months. Before the incident, returned home on 2 February. Just say that I miss my child But didn't tell anything about what he had done Which he thinks is normal because every 2 months, Mr Thanakorn will return to visit the house, until on February 4, 2022, with the police arrested at home, so he knew he was very shocked. Because the husband, even though he was a hot -tempered person But not a cruel person It is expected that the cause of the drug should also take drugs. Because if not taking drugs, it will not be someone like this However, in the matter of the case, it must be left to be the duty of the police to proceed according to the legal procedures. He and his relatives must continue to make a living.
The case of a young Canada Willa luxuryPhuket police are targeted in an illegal thing?|Progress in the case of 2 gunmen to attack the young Canada, extinguish the luxury villas on the beach, Rawai, Phuket. Wearing cream -colored shorts Wearing a black slipper, lying on the back, sinking the pile of blood on the back of the red, license plate, red label, Phuket, around the dead, found a .38 size. Mandev (SINGN MANDEEP), 32 years old, Canada The wound was shot by a bullet throughout the body, about 10 shots. The body of the body died for at least 6 hours. The probation officer kept the shelling shell found in the area of the incident. And joined the preliminary autopsy with the doctor on duty before bringing the body to the autopsy in detail at Vachira Phuket Hospital. From the preliminary investigation, it is expected that 2 criminals know that the deceased lives in the villa. Therefore came to ambush the deceased Until the deceased drove into the parking lot, then the opportunity, with the criminals having two firearms, shot the dead non -stop. Expected that both criminals may be foreigners Due to wearing a robber, concealing the face But has a large body The image from the CCTV that can record the images while the criminal caused the shot in the burn. Or shot the dead until falling to the ground While also repeatedly shot at the same time, there were reports from the inspection of the villas of the deceased Found many suspicious things Which is expected to be illegal But still unable to tell the details, therefore believe that 2 criminals may be sent from abroad To close the account of the deceased or a criminal as a foreigner Accommodation lives in Thailand or in Phuket and is hired to kill the cruel. Or the origin that the deceased traveled Which is in the process of investigating the facts thoroughly. Later, Maj. Gen. Thaworn Saengrit, Deputy Commander in Chief 8, along with Maj. Gen. Sermphan Sirikong, Ph.D., Phuket Province Express meeting In order to speed up the case and follow up and arrest the criminals as soon as possible Along with finding the cause of this death
Sad, the girl was raped by the brother -in -law.Suicide in the brother -in -law's houseUse death to demand justice|The woman was raped by the brother -in -law. Causing suicide in the brother -in -law's house To demand justice for yourself After the accused was dismissed from the case of Miss Aom (reserved name-surname), aged 29, causing a suicide To demand justice for yourself After the judicial process, lifted the lawsuit in the case that Nong Aom reported the prosecution of the brother -in -law who raped himself 3 years ago, before taking suicide. Nong Aom has posted the final saying that "I will take my body to claim fairness" and after that I traveled to Mr. Dam's house, brother -in -law in Pathum Thani Province and took suicide in the bathroom in Mr. Dam's house before someone met. Nong's body is unconscious in the bathroom. Therefore brought to the hospital And Nong Aom died later At the 17th Patriarch Hospital, Song Phi Nong District, Suphan Buri Province, in the afternoon of 2 September 2022 by the family and relatives. Brought the body of Nong Aom to make a merit -making at a temple in U Thong District, Suphan Buri Province, since 3 February, the atmosphere was sad With a family, relatives and close friends attending the event, with the two died of the people of Nong Aom, 7 years old and 5 years old, lit the incense to the people who respect the body of Nong Om. There will be a chanting ceremony for the metaphysics until 5 February 2022, there will be a cremation ceremony on Sunday 6 February 2022 at 15.00 hrs. Mr. Mike (reserved name-surname), 31 years old, her husband. roundabout Told the reporter and tears that over the past 3 years, the story happened. Each person comforted each other. Hug each other every day and encourage each other. Always fighting by fighting the case In the Court of First Instance And the court sentenced to imprisonment for Mr. Dam, brother -in -law, 3 years, last in January The Supreme Court has read the verdict to dismiss Mr. Dam. Therefore making Nong Om feel sad and disappointed But he and Nong Om also accepted the verdict of the Supreme Court After knowing the court's decision Nong Om felt sorry because he thought that the two courts had sentenced to Mr. Dam. And believe that the final court will sentence you to imprisonment for Mr Dam, but the final result is not as expected Therefore causing Nong Aom to be disappointed and sad I have always comforted Nong Aom. Anything that is bad, don't remember it. Didn't think that Nong would do this I do not know what to say. It hurts in his chest. It is not in time. And help take good care of the two daughters. In the past, our family was going well. Creating a position And have to encounter this sad story But Nong Aom asked to curse those who caused the incident to not be angry. Therefore asked from this world
A young aunt, 19,Hand killing a girl stuffed the boxRevealing the nephew as a methamphetamine|The 19 -year -old young aunt killed the girl stuffed the box, revealing the cause of the nephew, the case was the case of a methamphetamine. Overflow, Suphan Buri Province, the latest February 5, 2022, reporters reported that There was no number at the house at Kham Bong Subdistrict, Huai Phueng District, Kalasin Province, which was the house of the wife of Mr. Thanakorn, 19 years old. Piyaporn, 18 years old, Mr Thanakorn's wife and Mrs. Bua Pan, 64 years old, Ms. Piyaporn's grandmother With Mr. Thongchai Pluem Chaiyo, Ban Nong Ma Ngam. Along with the neighbors to encourage by Mrs. Bua Pan, the grandmother of Ms. Piyaporn, said that Paka Thanakorn or Lan -in -law is a quiet person, not talking to anyone but diligently working by going to work with the construction with the neighbors. After the construction of the road in the village Traveled to work in Suphan Buri province with relatives, which 1-2 months will come back to visit the wife and children and return to work on the other side Aunt Thanakorn said Mr Thanakorn is an orphan. Because the parents are generous He therefore raised since childhood. There is love, bonding, and diligently like a child in the filling. But after studying grade 1-grade 2, it started to get addicted to games and when he was up to grade 3, he became involved in drugs. In which he and his relatives tried to dissuade and control the behavior fully But could miss it Due to very epidemic drugs Until taking to treat Until starting from drugs When he came to get a wife in Huai Phueng, he trusted to think of it. Didn't think that he would turn to interfere with drugs He was confident that the reason that Mr Thanakorn, the nephew, was accused of killing other people. Caused by using drugs and behaviors that have been seen in the news for sure. Which Mr Thanakorn accepted his confession
Fan "The girl was killed, stuffed the box." Video call from Laos, crying, wanting to come to the funeral, let's see the murderer's face.|The 18 -year -old father was killed in the box. Do not believe the child dating the criminal While the Laotian boyfriend weeping wants to come to attend the funeral of the heart, almost lacking. "Want the court to decide the execution or when it goes." In the case of Ms. Sumita (Reserved the surname) or Nong Krane, 18 years old, was killed by a criminal, the body was put into a plastic box, leaving the grass back, the house worker house, the cement area, Village No. 7, Sala Khao Subdistrict, Mueang Suphan Buri District. The body was found on 4 February. Later, the police arrested the criminal, Mr Thanakorn, 19 years old, the worker beside the room. And disappeared after the latest progress Reporters reported that today (5 Feb) at 15.30 hrs. Suphan Buri Police Station Along with the police proof Suphanburi Province Came to inspect the rooms of the deceased and the rooms of the culprit next to each other to collect additional evidence and the workers in the camp have found a large green plastic box, damaged, damaged, and inside the box also found a piece similar bra Was dumped inside the old bathroom beside the worker camp Which is expected to be a box that the criminal brought the body of Kranen before But the box broke, then changed the black box to put the body before leaving the side of the orange (the fictional name). Told that I walked to see the water meter. In order to write down the water supply meter In the meantime, he noticed a black plastic bag in a row in the back of the house. He was shocked and exclaimed that "Is the box of the body of the shoulder?" After that, he walked to tell the father of Nong Krane to go to see after walking to tell the father of Nong Krane. The father of the Krathen then brought the wood until the bag was wrapped in the box. And has a foul odor coming out violently And the father of Kranen noticed the hair Therefore confident that the box has been put in the body Therefore informed the police and rescue to come to inspect Found that it was the body of Nong Kranen The accused testified that he was secretly associated and had a relationship with the deceased. I do not believe that Nong Krane will go out with this accused. Certainly impossible Because of the younger Krane, there is a quiet person No, Singing with anyone Will only talk to the sister and close relatives And Nong Krane already has a girlfriend The night of the incident, he talked on the side of the deceased father, stating that Do not believe that the daughter will go out with this accused I have never talked to the accused. Believe that the accused slander his daughter Which tomorrow in the morning he will come to invite his daughter's soul to go home And will give a half -golden golden ring to a fellow worker who reports the clues to find the body of the child while The boyfriend of Nong Krane Which is a Laotian Continuously follow the news of the death of Nong Kranen, with a video call across the country to inquire about the progress with friends by The young Lao man's boyfriend Revealed to reporters with tears that He wanted to see Nong Krane for a long time. But stuck with the problem of the spread of the virus-19 virus And in the middle of the detention when he heard the news of the girlfriend being killed, the more sad I want to attend the funeral of my girlfriend. And wanted to see the murderer who killed his girlfriend but couldn't come Would like the court to decide the execution or when it goes
Key clues!Post a mystery that Canada was shot off.Before the police were notified of the incident|The police investigated found a key clue! In the case of Canadian tourists being shot in 2 luxury cavillas in Phuket by this important clue Found that after the Canadian tourists were shot in just a few hours There are people posting online messages to people close. Before the Thai police were notified of the murder after receiving notification of the investigation of the Police Station 8, the Police Station, Phuket Province, and Chalong Police Station, investigating the investigation, knowing that Mr Xing Mandev (SINGN MANDEEP), 32 years old, Canada Arrived in Thailand on January 27, 2022, on January 30, 2022, staying at a hotel villa. The investigation found that before the shocking incident There were 2 suspects hanging around near the scene for many days. As well as bringing evidence to analyze the behavior of shooting Especially when the criminal shot the deceased One of the two criminals, bent, do something and run away by reporting that While the investigation set gathered data and evidence Got the information that was useful that after the Canadian tourists were shot in a few hours A close of Canadian tourists Seeing the message in the online world, knowing that Canadian tourists were shot dead at Phuket Province, which is a matter that the investigation set observed that when posting a message that a close friend of Canada knows Different time with Thailand, which the police at Chalong police have not yet been notified by a person who found the Canadian tourist body was shot dead. News reports that today (6 Feb 65), the investigation team will meet the investigation. That provides the area to find evidence It is expected that the diplomatic assistant from the Embassy of Canada in Thailand Will travel to Phuket to coordinate the data of the Canadian tourist murder and expected that Maj. Gen. Suchart Theerasawat, Deputy Commander of the Police, may also come to attend the meeting to solve this shocking case.
Urgent notification!The prisoners fled until the officers set up a prize of 50,000 baht.|The prisoners fled from Samut Prakan Hospital The officers set up a prize of 50,000 baht. "Samut Prakan Central Prison" announced a warning In the case of male prisoners escape, the name is Mr. Prasit Srilarat, 54 years old, is a prisoner. I need to improve. Located according to the domicile, Ban Chang Subdistrict, Ban Chang District, Rayong Province. Samut Prakan Hospital And head to Sa Kaeo Province 1 index finger is torn, the right index tattoos, right -arm images, ivy talisman, ivy, ivy, right arm, barbed wire, left arm, font shaped Thai, left legs Imprisonment for the offense of the burglary in the 2 -year imprisonment, 3 months, which has been imprisoned since 4 January. This punishment is the 4th time because there was a thieves in Rayong, Pattaya and Samut Prakan. Before, the public can inform the information through the number 081-903-1233, 082-492-4994. Officials have a prize money for 50,000 baht.
The mother was shocked, afraid of being killed by her son.Must carry a defensive knifeWhen cooking for dad, be careful after|House or battlefield? The mother was shocked, afraid of being killed by her son. Must carry a defensive knife When cooking, the father was waiting to be careful (6 Feb 65). Reporters received complaints from the villagers of Chum Saeng Subdistrict, Satuek District, Buriram Province that he had suffered heavily. Because the family members are drunk And periodically crazy Afraid that it would be as dangerous as the child killed the mother in Muang Buriram, the new woman aged 65 years, that the child was taking medicine for a long time And pumped hard about 2 years ago, later had abnormal symptoms Speaking alone after using a drunken drug at Today, I have to ask for money in the morning, requesting 80-120 baht in the evening, another 40-50 baht every day. If not, it will be frantic. Destroy belongings in the house Need to pay In order to reduce the violence of the new lady, he also said that he is now very shocked Must carry a knife with you Even though he knew that he couldn't fight the child In case anything happens When cooking in the kitchen Must have the husband go to see as a guard Because I don't know when the danger will come behind Since he had been attacked by children many times If the money is slow, now must please everything. Finished cooking Must be divided If the side dishes are not delicious Will pour the side of the house to be irony now at home frightened Therefore would like the relevant agencies to come to help the family to be free from suffering Whatever method Because he was afraid that a son would kill his mother in Muang Buriram District, while Mr Chan, 78, a new husband, said that at home had a small mill Waiting to receive rice color for the villagers Must be careful of the rice Because he used to steal regularly Admit that you are tired
Tabb 60 grandmother, wound, extinguished, relatives, revealed that the mind was 10 years because of being smashed by a girl.|More than 60 great -grandmother, great -grandfather Relatives revealed that 10 years of mind because the girl was smashed by the head (7 Feb 65) at 09.45 hrs. Police Colonel Pongdej Chusong, Sor. There are deaths Inside a apartment in Soi Lat Phrao 117, Khlong Chan Subdistrict, Bang Kapi District, Bangkok, therefore traveled to inspect Police Colonel Rungsakul Bunsap, Ph.D., Lat Phrao Police Station Investigation Officer Probation Division Officer And forensic doctors The hospital at the scene of the incident was a 5 -story apartment at Room No. 103, the ground floor found the dead stabbed with a knife. Know the name later Ms. Pimworacha, 71 years old, a special teacher at a famous university Died in bed A total of nearly 60 wounds were found, wounds on the stomach, body, body, 26 wounds, and the entire front of the front, and found Mr. Supachot, 27 years old, with a man of the deceased. Sitting still on the floor in the bedside room The officer then arrested and led him to investigate at Ladprao Police Station, Mr Thanawin, a neighbor near the apartment, revealed that both of them have lived in this apartment for many years. Often like to walk through the front of the house often Which everything looks normal There is no behavior that indicates violence in any way. However, he heard that the culprit had received treatment about drugs while at this apartment. But do not know what the true premiums are ordered. The nearby a la carte revealed that both of them tend to eat at the restaurant regularly. In which the grandmother often comes to cook for the grandchildren to eat by himself As for the time to sit and eat, the male will always take good manners, raise hands to pay respect There is no behavior that indicates violent behavior in any way. In the case of problems with drugs or psychiatric symptoms Heard some news As well as being taken to treat and healed. The younger brother of the deceased Arrived at the scene and stated that the deceased was the great -grandmother of Mr. Supachok And raised since opening their eyes to see the world As for the cause, it is expected to come from psychiatric symptoms. Since previously ten years ago Mr Supachok had previously been attacked by his ex -girlfriend. The brain is affected. And always treat psychiatric symptoms Continuous medication In which the deceased took him to a hospital But expected that the latter may lack medication As well as not being treated, so it may be the cause of this As for the matter that Mr. Supachok interfered with drugs In this regard, he did not know the younger brother who died, revealed that there was no violent event in the past. Mr Supachok himself will be a quiet person. Like to play games on mobile phones Talk about Used to go to work as a waitress And stay with Father in Chonburi Can do But after his father died, he didn't work and returned with the deceased in Bangkok. With the intention of taking Suphachok to make merit in Lamphun province on February 8 And last night He talked to the deceased. Before making an appointment to pick up at the apartment To check the health at the Panya Medical Hospital This morning But it turns out that the incident occurred. Initially, the police detained Mr. Supachok went to interrogate the Lat Phrao police station from the investigation that the cause was caused by the argument with the dead. As for which matter, it is still in the process of investigation. Before proceeding with the law
The court ordered the imprisonment of 25 years, 7 months.Shoot the young Seven, extinguished to pay another 1 million.|25 -year -old prison court Firing a convenience store staff Ready to compensate for another 1,170,000 baht. Today (9 February), the correctional officer with the Prime Minister Win or former military Kawin Saengnilakul from the Bangkok Special Prison to listen to the verdict. The case of killing others. Black number. A. 2243/64, where the criminal prosecutor 7 is the plaintiff sued as a defendant for the offense of killing others, with a firearm, with firearms and ammunition in possession without permission. And carrying firearms in the city, village or public way without permission and without reasonable cause The firearm act from the case on June 24, 2021. The defendant used the Revolver firearms (Smith and Westson). Size. 38, registration 3902133 with 6 shots. Mr. Rattawit Santikuptaphong 6 convenience store employees, premiered first within the Seven Eleven Shop, Soi Ladprao 25, Chandrakasem Subdistrict, Chatuchak District, the ammunition was caused by important organs, causing Mr. Rattawit to die. Because the defendant was angry and there was a quarrel that the defendant broke a bottle of beer. But did not agree to pay damages Before the defendant fled to the court, he saw that the defendant was guilty according to the lawsuit and killed the offender first. Dip a lifelong imprisonment, guilt, firearms and ammunition, imprisonment for 8 months, carrying weapons in the city, imprisoned for 6 months, the defendant confessed. There is a reason to reproach. Reduce half of the penalty Probably imprisoned the defendant, a total of 25 years, 7 months, as well as to compensate the plaintiff to 1,170,000 baht. In listening to the verdict today Have the parents of the defendant to listen to the verdict as well As soon as the mother of the former soldier, Kawin met, the child immediately hugged and held the child's hand. And after listening to the verdict, the defendant Also walked in to raise hands to pay respect to the plaintiff's relatives Who traveled to listen to the verdict today too
Backd on an anonymous bodyThe separate parts appear in many points.Head-upper half-left leg-right leg|Found an anonymous body floating in the middle of the city 4 points-half top-left leg-right leg Accelerate the inspection of the identity Ready to find the cause of death, reporters reported that today (9 February) at 08.00 hrs. Bangkok Noi Police Station Was informed of the half of the body floating Inside the Bangkok Noi Canal In the area of Arun Amarin Bridge, Siriraj Subdistrict, Bangkok Noi District, Bangkok, therefore coordinated the Siriraj Hospital. And the Ruam Kanyu Foundation Investigate the scene of the incident at the boat parking area of the small fleet. Found the upper half of the body without a head, not wearing clothes Not less than 5 days of decaying conditions cannot be identified. The back is floating, tiger, tiger and Rahu tattoo. Wear a bracelet Gold on the diamond side at the left wrist area On the left ring finger wearing a red gemstone ring As for the nails on both sides, painted yellow at the same time, was informed of the left leg parts. In front of the Hong Rattanaram Temple Pier The same rotten condition There are red toenails, in which the two places were found about 10 km apart. Later, at 13.00 hrs. While the officers were checking the dead body found under the Amarin Bridge. There was another set of officials stating that Found a piece of water garden In the area of the Royal Mosque, Seisunnah Bangkok Noi District Police officers with relevant agencies therefore inspect Pol.Lt.Gen. Due to hair In addition, the parts found under the Arun Amarin Bridge found at first, the upper part has a chest like a preliminary woman. Therefore believe that it is the same personal piece And expected to be a female As for the proof of the identity, which person has to wait for the officer to proceed at the same time, the authorities have also received notification at 13.30 hrs from the radio communication that the human parts were found in the temple of Wat Noi in the Taling Chan area. Expected to be the same person as the body found under the Arun Amarin Bridge. For the point of finding the said body The first point is the area under the Arun Amarin Bridge, another 2-3 km away. Found another piece and found the head of the Royal Anti-Royal Mosque. Bangkok Noi District 200 meters away from the first point and the 4th point in the area of Wat Noi Nai Not more than 5 km away
Students of Secondary 5 were tricked by transferring money because of fear of parents in prison.Repeated friends who teased the criminals|Students of Secondary 5 were claimed by the call center gang, claiming to be a police officer to transfer money, threatening the parents to go to jail. Repeat, meet a tease friend who knows the criminals from the case of a school of the school, posting a warning in the parents that "Leave the director. Warning the children. The daughter agreed to transfer the money to 5,000 baht. As far as I talked about this information He said that someone can collect the ID card. Then do something illegal, do not tell parents Otherwise, parents have to go to jail. To collect all the money that has been transferred, so she did as he said The account number is not registered. Once the transaction is finished To realize that it should be deceived The person called said that calling from Flash has sent from abroad. But is illegal If not ordering anything Hurry to hang up, do not accidentally talk He will have a way to lure from our words. " Reporters contacted Mrs. Ratchanee (named a hypothetical), 51 years old, the mother of Ms. Dao (the fictional name), aged 17, a grade 5 student in a school in Nonthaburi province to inquire for details that On the day of the incident, on February 3, 65, at approximately 11.00 hrs. The call center gang claims to be a Flash officer to deceive to transfer all the money that the child has. Because the police officers in Songkhla police arrested the villain named Mr. Chusak Faksuk with evidence in a package from Flash. There are 7 credit cards and 5 passports, which are the names of Ms. Dao (assumed name) and deceived. To talk to the police officers of Songkhla police station via LINE to transfer 5,000 baht, claiming that if not transferring money to the AMLO, the inspection will be considered to be seen with the criminal. Parents may be arrested in prison with Ms. Dao (named hypothetical), aged 17, students in Mattayom 5, the victim said that on 3 February is studying online. The criminal called to say that the parcel was sent as illegal as a book and passport. By talking to the way Police Station, Mueang Songkhla Then add LINE and talk Which the police said that he called via LINE to interrogate to record After that, transfer money to him personally in order to bring the AMLO to inspect by transferring as much as possible. The police threatened him that if he didn't give an answer, it was considered to harass officials. He believed to transfer all the birthdays and money on the past. He informed that the accused who had committed the case, if the girl was holding the father and mother would go to jail. Which he was very scared Do not want the parents to go to jail. Mrs. Ratchanee Mae said that after he learned about trying to contact the bank to freeze the account He proceeded but could not catch up. The money has been withdrawn. Then reported to the police station. He was aware of him, was angry and pitying the children as well. They want to tell parents and children that online shopping may be correct. If you don't know, then you don't have to talk. We must be conscious before Oon. I want to consult the parents before buying online. The criminals use the weaknesses of children who are afraid of their parents in prison. Children will follow And told the children who are friends not to tease friends Friends will be embarrassed and do not dare to tell parents. This kind of thing is close to every day. He tried to tell the child but was careful today. Now spread to the student group. Initially, the victims and parents have traveled to report at Rattanathibet Police Station As well as holding the account that has already been transferred Officials are in the process of issuing the account owner in detail.
Realizing the anonymous body floating as a 28 -year -old girl calling for a close male friend|Relatives confirmed their identity. The anonymous body floats Is a 28 -year -old girl who can contact. On February 7, calling for a close male friend (9 Feb 65). The news reported that after the anonymous woman was found in the Chao Phraya River. When the day passed The officers resolve the case, spreading, is urgently searching for clues about the victims of their lives. To prove that which person is Before later receiving a clue to believe that the body of an anonymous young woman is probably Miss Maneerat or Paeng, aged 28, after a family person confirms that the police say that the replanation, especially Tattoo Including the colors of nails and accessories found on the body, which corresponds to Miss Maneerat, which has disappeared since 7 February, the news reports that According to the history of the history of Miss Maneerat, formerly lived with the family and relatives in Soi Hathairat 33 before moving to Ramkhamhaeng area. For a long time to return to the house Which the last time the relatives could contact Meaning that on February 7, before the lack of contact Even the family saw the news of an anonymous woman floating in the Chao Phraya River. Appears in various media Therefore suspicious because of the same defects Before contacting the clue to the police to prove clearly. In addition, the reporter went to inspect the Facebook of Ms. Maneerat Mirror, the picture posted a message 3 days ago that "one day you will miss We. "Later, it was reported that The investigation set invited him. Mr Max (a fictional name), a close friend of the deceased Come to do an interrogation at Bangkok Noi Police Station To inquire about the facts about the timeline before the incident Including the back and living together In addition, inquiring about whether the deceased has conflicts with anyone or not. Because the behavior of this cause is quite cruel At the same time, the investigation team has divided the work into the CCTV inspection area in the nearby area of the three bodies. To find traces of the criminal
Flip?Speaking the CCTV, a 28 -year -old girl, leaving only the body partsFound jumping out of the Rama VIII Bridge|The police trace the surrounding surrounding area. The 28 -year -old girl body was found jumping from the Rama VIII Bridge, revealing the last post. "One day, you will think of us." From the case of an anonymous body floating in the Chao Phraya River, found the head, half the top, left legs and right legs spread 4 points. Later, the family confirmed that the dead Is Miss Maneerat or Paeng, aged 28, from blaming the species, especially the back tattoo Including the colors of nails and accessories found on the body directly with Ms. Maneerat, who has disappeared since the latest 7 February today (10 February). Reporters reported that The investigative police still accelerated the answer to the cause of the death of Ms. Maneerat or Nong Paeng, 28 years old, in the middle of the night, has brought parents and close people. Came to investigate and to confirm the definition of the deceased. The investigation set also chased the surveillance cameras around the area where the body was found. Along with checking the social movement of the deceased, it was found that the final message of the powder stated that "One day, you will miss us." While the investigation guidelines found that Miss Maneerat worked at a Japanese restaurant in Saphan Sung area, found that there was a final work on January 19 first. That will not go to work at the same restaurant again, but found that Ms. Maneerat continued to leave the house every day at around 09.00-10.00 hrs. And returned home at around 7:00 pm, stating that traveling Work until the 7th of February It was the last day that a close person saw Ms. Maneerat for the last time. With information that at 10:00 am, Ms. Maneerat has called a taxi. With a pins specified "In the heart of the Rama Bridge 8 ", while the investigation set invited the chauffeur to investigate that Ms. Maneerat has used the service through the taxi application. With a pins for the driver But when the car ran to the Rama VIII Bridge, it appeared that the taxi stated that he could not go up to the bridge. Ms. Maneerat responded that "It's okay, just send this. I'll go on. "In addition, There is also information from the investigation team after chasing the CCTV at the Rama VIII Bridge, which is the last point that the clues of Ms. Maneerat found that on 7 February, Ms. Maneerat walked up to the Rama Bridge. 8 before deciding to jump the bridge into the Chao Phraya River, the wounds from the proof found that from the corpses that were cut into pieces Caused by a large ship propeller. Cut into that part, while the information from the interrogation of family members Including a close man Found that in the latter, Ms. Maneerat often has a frequent voice, the main reason is due to money. Insufficient income. The cost by Ms. Maneerat is concerned about not enough income to raise children. Therefore causing concern, therefore thinking of solving life problems with suicide methods from the inspection of the Facebook of Ms. Maneerat or Paeng, found that 3 days before the body or the last day of the lack of contact The deceased has posted a message. "One day, you will miss us." It's the last message. When checking the timeline, posting Facebook Found that the deceased would have a concern with illness
"Prae Ploy" boiling!Hacked on Facebook-LINEDeceived borrowing moneyFound a kick|"Prae Ploy, right, uncle", a former boxer, reported to be hacked on Facebook-borrowing money around I found a kick. Agree to pay another fine of the reporter reported that today (10 February) at 11.00 hrs. Ms. Prae Ploy Sae Ai, 24 years old, a former boxer, nicknamed Prae Ploy, right, with Miss Supasadet Chin Banchorn, 25 years old, sister and male friend in the boxer camp Traveled to report to the inquiry official Rattanathibet Police Station to prosecute the criminals at their own Facebook hacks. And then deceived friends, including dozens of more victims Causing everyone to lose money Each person to tens of thousands of baht Especially close friends Just in the past morning, 3 people were 14,000 baht per person. Another 20,000 baht. This one does not include other victims. Who believed and was tricked by transferring a lot of money for 10 people. Nong Ploy said that if this criminals still do not stop their own Facebook hack If he found it, he would agree to pay a fine. Guarantee that it will not be left Therefore warn to stop the Facebook hacked by now He wants to leave to friends. Everyone, including the victim If transferring money or doing anything, call yourself directly. Do not believe the criminals at the hacked Facebook. Nong Ploy said that last night around 05.00-06.00 hrs. And will deceive others to transfer money Which now has a lot of people Which the old LINE, please everyone who has a blog, which the hacking is trying to contact the job And talked to transfer money first If you want to receive a job or review, please call the number. To talk through his voice before transferring money Because now the victim who transferred a lot of money to him Causing a few hours to transfer tens of thousands of money He therefore reported Now he is about to hack in every way, so contact the programmer what to do. Therefore came to report first what the police could help Now that I know briefly Someone has transferred about more than 30,000. If he meets the person who does it will punish heavily, there may be kicks. If wanting to get money, why not tell if the police officers investigate? He agreed to pay a fine again if kicking. In which he prepared all the friends, everyone was very angry. The close relatives were transferred to transfer money to transfer 7,000 baht, 2 times. Now, would like to leave to those who do this, do not do this during this economic period. They will defeat them all. Because it is all of our Facebook and LINE Now the offender tries to hack continuously for about 5 times because he is chasing the code. Once he was able to recover, he hacked again and pierced his friends. His friends gave an email. He can enter every way. And do not know what he will do Now the culprit is hacking and closing all the alerts for us to see. Once he entered, he could find that he contacted anyone to transfer money. But now Facebook and LINE can still use
The owner of the waterfront house was taken aback.Kept and found a body of a tattoo|Think that the true animal carcass! The owner of the waterfront house found the hip parts with tattoos. Floated in front of the house Light the incense, tell him to go home Next life, do not meet the heartless people (10 Feb 65) at 12.30 hrs. Col. Kom Krit Kham Butsa, Director of Bang Kruai Police Station Was informed of the belly parts attached to the human hips No arms, no legs Floating in the Bangkok Noi canal area, Bang Kruai Subdistrict, Nonthaburi Province In front of the public house opposite Chalo Temple Along with doctors from the Forensic Institute Volunteer staff of the Siam Nonthaburi Foundation Ruam Kanyu Foundation at the pier, found a volunteer staff of the Siam Nonthaburi Foundation. The Ruam Kanyu Foundation has helped each other. Bring the eczema to Wat Chalo, Bang Kruai Subdistrict, Nonthaburi Province. The rotten condition is foul smell. Officials have to help bring up from the water. It is expected that the body of a young woman jumped in the Rama VIII Bridge. At noon 7 February, which found the Loi Krakasatized parts previously, Ms. Pattama, aged 60 years, was a professional who said that at about 12.00 hrs. After that, I thought that it was not a rotten dog. And saw a lot of filling and water Therefore followed the younger and brought the camera to see that it was a tattoo Therefore called the police He thought that it was flowing from the bottom because there was all the water coming up at his house. Dogs are dead regularly. Because this is a vanity intersection But not shocked because it is a piece Not both Expected that the pieces found in the abdomen Because really filling Since we only saw But when the officers when they knocked up the temple pier Found that both hips Which at home did not smell But when going to the temple, the smell floats back But the people at home are all behind the house There is only himself and the mother in this area. Because having to cook Now I feel a little scared that tonight will sit here again. Because sitting regularly In which he lit the incense and told him to go home And found the missing parts until found If the next life is born to be born to meet good people, do not meet this mean person. He will be happy. Do not meet the heartless person again. Mrs. Sa -at, 84 years old. Grandma saw the incident that she was eating. Came out and saw that he was a dead dog Therefore told the children to come and leave to come to eat So the child said that he would kick itself, but when he found that it was a human part My brother -in -law then took a picture and came to expand. And have tattoos as well Therefore informed the retired police officers After that, the police came to see and Normally, this is regularly. But not afraid of anything at night When I met, I didn't smell a bit. But the water inside the canal is oily
The husband believes people in the picture of the Rama VIII Bridge is "Nong Paeng", the tattoo girl reveals life.|The NESDB calls "Nong Paeng" relatives to interrogate the husband, believing as a person in the CCTV, jumping the Rama VIII Bridge. May be caused by a sailors reported that today (10 February) at 14.15 hrs. Parents, husbands and close friends of Ms. Maneerat or Paeng, aged 28, who was found in the Chao Phraya River on the day. At 9 February Traveled to meet Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief, to testify the cause of death. Mr Adisorn, 26 years old, the husband of the deceased Revealed after watching the CCTV clip at the Ram 8 Bridge and admitted that the woman in the CCTV is Nong Paeng, his wife. And from the information of the police officers in detail Made him believe that his wife committed suicide Should not be related to murder And not fascinated in any case Of the wife before the incident, the wife likes to say that he wants to commit suicide Due to not enough money problems And since the beginning of last year, there was a regular illness, had to go to the hospital on a regular basis, such as inflammatory intestinal disease With tumors in the abdomen, kidney disease and infection Until not going to work In the past, I was responsible for the expenses in the house to bear the various debt. Of himself and his wife on the day of the incident, he went out to work first The wife went out to work in the back. Therefore not knowing whether the wife arrived at work or not Or how to dress And didn't think that his wife would cause this kind of situation Parents of the deceased Traveled to the Metropolitan Police Headquarters In order to listen to the investigation information of the officials, the father of the deceased revealed that he saw the CCTV images during the incident on the bridge and then get off the car. And other evidence and then believe that the person in the CCTV is their own daughter And the event was determined to commit suicide of the daughter Not related to murder while The mother of the deceased Appeared to have fainting In the area of the stairs to the 2nd floor of the Metropolitan Police Headquarters The father of the deceased had to hold to the first aid, the news report stated that the mother does not believe that her daughter is the woman in the CCTV. Due to fascinated that her daughter had a bag In which there will be a wallet and ID card But the bag disappeared while Ms. Ji, who is a close friend of Nong Peng Is the last person that Nong Peng went to talk before disappearing to travel to give a testimony as well By briefly said that by confirming, not borrowing money Also do not believe that Nong Paeng will jump suicide water As for the body that was found, it was believed to be the younger brother as the evidence appeared. Today, the officers have found human parts. In the right ankle At the small fleet area Arun Amarin Bridge Close to the point of finding the upper body yesterday And at the same time Officials found parts during the abdomen to the hips. At the area of Wat Cha Lor, Bang Kruai District, Nonthaburi Province Which is opposite the little temple The distance is about 5 kilometers away from the Arun Amarin Bridge. At this time, the human parts found in the Bangkok Noi canal, a total of 6 points. Later, Pol. Maj. Chokchai Ngamwong, Deputy Commander in Chief, Maj. Gen. Ekachai Bunwisut, Commander in Chief 7, Pol. Maj. In that case that At this time, officials have called the relatives. And close people come to confirm the image from the CCTV and confirmed that Ms. Maneerat is true. Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran revealed that the investigation team has inspected the CCTV from the guesthouse of Ms. Maneerat at Soi Hathairat 33 by Leaving the house at 10.43 hrs. And traveling to a friend's house Soi Hathairat 25, before calling a taxi to be sent below, Rama VIII Bridge and went to buy drinking water at Ban Pua community, then walked up on the bridge and jumped down the CCTV at 12.13 hrs. The police have called a taxi to interrogate and found that the characteristics of Ms. Maneerat, who gave the benefit of Maj. Gen. Samran Revealed that The wound condition that appears Initially stating that Is a wound that was born after death As for what kind of sharp objects Must prove thoroughly And may be caused by a propeller Which has to wait for the autopsy thoroughly again And the latest parts today confirmed that it belongs to Miss Maneerat and will do DNA tests with relatives. By having to wait for the results for a while to summarize the idiom In that reason, the mother of the deceased was also fascinated by some issues, namely the shoulder bag that the deceased had put on the bridge before jumping down. Inside there is a document identified by the person. Therefore publicizing if anyone brought him to meet the inquiry official Bangkok Noi Police Station, Pol.Lt.Gen. Revealed that After this, have to wait for the doctor's autopsy to specify the cause of death that Caused by drowning or not? In the case of the murder, officials have proven and have the same opinion with relatives, including evidence that appears from self -harming, jumping to death. If the relatives are not fascinated, they will give the body to continue to perform religious ceremonies.
Deputy Commander in Chief of the hunting criminal "Kethee Hummeles", although the victim does not want to prosecute|Deputy Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police rushed to hunt for mobile thieves and assault the wife "Matt Hummeles", a famous footballer. Even the victim Do not want to prosecute from the case of MS.Catherine Hummels, foreign tourists. Being a male, unknown, real name, surname Hurt and take the mobile phone brand iPhone 12 Pro Max of the victim And escaped on 5 February 65 at approximately 21.00 hrs. At Na Southern Beach area Away from Alinea Hotel, Khok Kloi Subdistrict, Takua Thung District, Phang Nga Province, responsible area of Khok Kloi Police Station, Phang Nga Province. Maj. Gen. Suchart Theerasawat, Deputy Commander in Chief (Sor), traveled to the Corporate Police Station, Khok Kloi Police Station, Phang Nga Province, called the meeting to follow up Investigate the said incident, with Col. Sirisak Pim Phayom, Deputy Chief of Police, Phang Nga Province, Pol. Immigration, investigative departments and relevant government officials attended the meeting at the Corporate Police Station. Phang Nga Province. For this case, the inquiry official was notified of the assault. The circumstances, that is, while MS.Catherine Hummels walked in the southern beach. About 800 meters away from the hotel of the victim's hotel, an unknown man. Came to punch at the back Until the victim fell And seize the opportunity Take the mobile phone brand iPhone, Model 12 Pro Max of the victim and escape. And the victim received a bruise in the left arm, amount 1 mark from the initial investigation. Of the culprit Due to the area of the incident There is not enough light and the victim does not want to prosecute in any way. It is also not convenient to give to the inquiry official because they have to return to foreign countries at 00.10 hrs. And do not wish their names appear in various media. Therefore assigned Mr.Simon Regauer, the Thai interpreter to be the manager of himself. The inquiry official then allowed the victim to make a power of attorney and take a picture as evidence. Before the victim will continue to travel to the airport
Once again, the rescue opened the battle to compete for the injured.This time, in the middle of the city at Asoke intersection in front of the famous mall.|Share the rescue clips. Punch each other. According to the Ashoka Intersection, the famous department store in the case of online social media shared a video clip of rescue quarrels. With the message stating that "Rescue and fight for the injured Pity the injured. #Med Kham "Reporters reported that today (11 February) at 00.00 hrs. Mr. Khunakorn, 24 years old, along with Mr. Preecha, 27 years old, Mr. Thawattachai, 47 years old and Ms. Pi Ya Patchara, 21 years old, traveled to meet with Capt. Tri Phop Tanjaphatkul, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation), Thonglor police station to report the case with the parties who committed the physical assault. Which is the same foundation staff Until injured Asoke junction The terminal corner of the terminal 21, Khlong Toei Subdistrict, Khlong Toei District, Bangkok. Mr Khunakorn revealed that at around 10 pm, with the Volunteers of the Por Tek Tung Foundation Went to help with the injured in the car accident At the Asoke junction on the Terminal 21 department store and is about to push the bed in the back of the car to deliver to the hospital. There was another stretch cutting car of the Por Tek Tung Foundation following. Before the people in the car, the staff of the foundation Knowing that one name is 408 rescue code will come down from the car and jump to kick himself. And punch another volunteer Ready to say If bringing the injured into the car to have a matter And brought the injured out of their own car, then told the parties to take the injured himself Before having a chaotic argument Before the volunteer friends came to help separate And the parties went back to the car They then quickly brought the injured to the hospital. And decided to report Because there are 2 baht gold necklaces with the amulet of the volunteer friends disappear during the chaos. Mr Korn and the people confirmed that they were already responsible for taking care of the injured in the area of Asgota-Thong Lo. The parties tend to like to have problems with many volunteers. People in this area Causing frequent wounding problems But in the past it was a curse Not to the point of assault And it is not a conflict in personal issues in any way. Mr Jirawat, 48, head of the Por Tek Tung Tung Foundation Volunteers, Thonglor, revealed that Previously, about 2-3 days ago, there was a wounding. Between volunteers and staff of the Foundation Regarding running over the path in the Pathumwan police station, which the agency has already learned about But has not been resolved Until today, there was another 70 volunteer of Thonglor volunteers to apply as part of the Por Tek Tung Foundation. In the past, attended the training of the injured people with Hua Chiew Hospital, take care of the area of responsibility for Thonglor police and Rama Road. 4 If the event is like this, the work does not match. And for the safety of subordinates Probably have to let all the subordinates stop running temporarily In the future, if everything is ready, it may be separated to set up the foundation by yourself.
The young officer was secretly filmed in the Chiang Mai City Hall.While also meeting colleagues|The young officer was secretly taken while going to the Chiang Mai City Hall. The CCTV has been broken for over 10 years. Repeated by colleagues. Let's see. "One Facebook user posted a story about the insecurity and sexual harassment that occurred in the Chiang Mai City Hall. After the incident that a female friend worked together in a government agency went to the bathroom on the 5th floor, but it appeared that the person was secretly filmed while doing personal errands in the bathroom, after being aware of Hurriedly contacted to see the evidence from the CCTV installed on the Chiang Mai City Hall But found that the CCTV installed is not used Resulting in the feeling that even government offices like the City Hall are no longer a safe area. From the secretly shooting incident, some of the participants spoke as a joke that "This kind of thing is divided." Despite being a sexual threat Which made the poster feel very disappointed, with the said post, sharing and expressed a lot of opinions And noted that the government area such as the Chiang Mai City Hall should be a safe area As well as wanting the governor of Chiang Mai to investigate the facts and solve the problems that arise from the preliminary examination, knowing that the Facebook user is Mr. A. (assumed name), 25 years old, working in a government agency. Which has an office in the Chiang Mai City Hall Referred to by The event was secretly taken in the bathroom. It happened to a female colleague who went to the bathroom on the 5th floor of the Chiang Mai City Hall. At approximately 15.30 hrs. On 9 February 65, while he was doing a personal errand, noticed that someone was using the phone as a 13 blue iPhone to take a picture. Therefore ranting up Then hurriedly dressed and followed But not in time, then went to see the evidence from the CCTV installed in many points on the 5th floor, Chiang Mai City Hall But found that the camera that has been installed cannot be used for ten years And there is only a place that can be used on the ground floor Makes him feel very shocked and feels insecure Because it is one of the government offices that should be the safest place for people. From the incident, some participants said that "This kind of thing is divided." Which is very disappointed. Because of this sexual harassment Should not be seen as a joke For the hidden crime I still don't know who it is. But personally, it is assumed to be a familiar person with the location as well. And see the movement of the victims who go to the bathroom Initially, from the incident, there was a complaint to the Damrong Dharma Center in Chiang Mai. Including the Deputy Governor of Chiang Mai has already learned about And follow up and investigate the facts and proceed
Dacking to find a puzzle line, found a young gay skeletonMother believed to be spelled in the soul.|Relatives invited the ceremony to invite the gay spirits. The young man disappeared for 2 months. Believed to be spelling the spirit from the case that the villagers went to find the forest Then found human skeletons around the wolf cave on the east. Khao Tuesday, Charoen Suk Subdistrict, Chaloem Phrakiat District, Buriram Province, including identification card, driver's license, clothing and property Which states that it belongs to Mr. Natthakorn or renewing 38 years old, Chareon Suk, who disappeared from the house in a mystery From December 3, 2021, until 12 December 2021, there were villagers who went to collect mushrooms on Tuesday. Found your motorcycle Parked in the forest, Tuesday On the west side of Ban Charoen Suk, about 2 kilometers away from the village, but no more Until more than 2 months passed, on February 8, 2022, the skeleton that the relatives believed to be the latest of the day (11 Feb), Mr. Chuan and Mrs. Prapada Mr. Nattakon's parents or connecting, including relatives Invited Phra Kru Phanom Thammaphanan, Abbot of Khao Tuesday And Dean of Charoen Suk Subdistrict To perform the ceremony to invite the souls of Mr Nattakon At the area where the skeleton was found to be found in the belief, the puzzles were found in the area where Phra Phetchabun had previously said. To find a string Because he was performed with the spirit When he found the thread, the relatives believed that he was murdered. And the people do it, spell the spirits Therefore asked the monk to help release the son's spirit as well At the same time, the thread was given to the police. In order to check who it belongs to. I believe that my son was murdered. To walk and fall in the forest and die or suicide. The close man of the son who was with his son was the last one before disappearing. Swearing in front of the sacred object that was not related to the disappearance or death of his son Didn't want to be able to support anyone But if Mr Tao is truly innocent, would like to swear in front of the Buddha at Khao Tuesday, while the EOD staff in Buriram province with proof Provincial Investigation Officer, Buriram Province and Chalermprakiet Police Investigation Still going to the area where the skeleton was found To find more evidence Including wallets mobile phone And the missing notebook of the deceased In order to speed up the knot and the true cause of death Whether he died or was died, while the skeleton was sent to check at the Royal Thai Police. It is expected that within 1 week will know the results. However, after finding the skeleton The police have not called to interrogate anyone. Must wait for the skeleton examination results first
Found himself, the young man snatched the tattoo bag from the Rama VIII Bridge before selling the deceased mobile phone.|Caught and then the young man snatched the bag-mobile phone, tattoo, claimed on the Rama VIII Bridge, brought the phone to unlock Before selling at the price of 500 baht in the case of Ms. Maneerat or Paeng, aged 28, which was found to be distributed at various points In the Chao Phraya River on 9 February And from the CCTV inspection, it was found to jump from the Ram 8 Bridge, while the mother of the deceased was fascinated by the daughter's bag disappeared. Reporters reported that yesterday (11 February) at 18.00 hrs. Police officers, SorBorChor. SorBorChor. Bor.Chor. Sake alley, Bowonniwet, Bangkok, came to inquire after checking the CCTV images. Found that a man was wearing a blue shirt Pick up the navy -colored women's shoulder bag, which resembles the deceased, once posted on Facebook, with Mr. Piyapong acknowledged that it was the same person as the real CCTV. On February 7, 2022 at approximately 12.50 hrs. While he walked across the Rama VIII Bridge from the Thonburi side to Phra Nakhon, saw a navy -colored woman shoulder bag on the walkway. Therefore collected and found that there were 200 baht in cash in cash And the mobile phone of the Samsung brand of the deceased, 1 device, then brought the bag with various items after getting off the bridge Mr. Piyapong passed a taxi from under the Rama VIII Bridge to the Tiger Pa Market to bring the mobile phone to unlock the screen. At the telephone shop in the Tiger Pa Market While waiting to walk to the bathroom And abandoned the personal documents of the woman in the bag, throwing in the bathroom after unlocking the screen Mr. Piyapong brought the mobile phone to Mr. Charoon or Bang Muang at home in the community along the Paetrew Railway. Thung Phaya Thai Subdistrict, Ratchathewi District, Bangkok, sold for 500 baht, with the money from the sale of telephone and cash in the pocket of the deceased. Mr. Piyapong has taken personal expenses. The police then brought him to meet the investigation officers of the Boromongkol police station to prosecute the burglary.
Catch the call center gang in Cambodia, set up a base to deceive Thai people to send 21 suspects to prosecute.|Break the call center gang in Cambodia, set the base of Thai people. Send 21 suspects back to prosecute today (12 Feb 65) at 10.00 hrs. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, as the director of the Information Technology Crime Suppression Center The Royal Thai Police (SPO) or PCT revealed that the PCT and DES police officers have returned from Cambodia yesterday. As well as bringing 21 suspects back to prosecute successfully after the authorities have cooperated to arrest the call center gang. Buried in Cambodia And traveled to Cambodia to meet Gen. Sao Sokka, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Army and the Commander in Chief of the Cambodian government representatives. Later, Thai police officers and Cambodian officials Opened to search for 3 targets at the same time, which is the 1st point, Y.N Hotel, Phnom Penh, 4-8, used as a residence of the accused using the 9th floor as a place to persuade the victims to trick investment. There are Chinese people as the leader and controller. The characteristics of being a scam to invest in digital coins through the Digital Alliance website. There are many Thai victims. The damage value of over 200 million baht arrested 2 suspects. Point 2, the building, opposite Sokha Vegas Caniso in the city of Phra Sihanu, the top 4 -story building is used as a residence. And work to call to deceive the victims in Thailand By impersonating The police officers and DSI are Chinese as heads to supervise. And forced not to go outside The victim is a victim being deceived because of fear. The damage value of not less than 300 million baht. Arrest 6 suspects. Point 3, Chinatown GM Office in Phra Sihanu Which is a accommodation and Working in persuading the victims to deceive the investment, divided into 2 groups, with Chinese groups controlling each group The scam characteristics to play the game is a mission by sending a link via the website 888168HS.COM CT Make Money page, claiming to be a network of Central Department Store and PTT or PTTEP group. a lot The damage value of not less than 500 million baht. Arrest 13 more accused, including 3 points, able to arrest a total of 21 suspects, with Cambodian officials bring all the accused to the authorities. Immigration Bureau of Sa Kaeo Province In order to come back to prosecute in Thailand on charges of being a thief Participate in transnational crime organizations For the accused who is still fleeing Cambodian officials will expedite the follow -up to send himself back to Thailand as soon as Gen. Damrongsak continued that during the operation. Pol.Lt.Gen. Because it is a case that the government attaches importance Because it causes great trouble to Thai people This time, we have officially discuss with the representative of the Cambodian government. And bringing 71 arrest warrants to Cambodia, which is considered the most ever And able to catch up to 21 people. In addition, requesting that if Thai people were deceived Even without an arrest warrant, I would like to send myself to Thailand for legal proceedings from the Ministry of Digital. Found that there are many people in the case of being deceived by the call center gang And there is a source in Cambodia Later, MOU coordinated to suppress the offender. And Thai officials will be able to work more easily. Deputy Commander in Chief warns the public that At this time, the group that is the characteristics of the call center gang that has been called to intimidate, claiming to be a deceived officer to transfer money. Or fake good -looking profiles Trick to fall in love Or deceived to invest Found that there are still many Warning not to believe Do not transfer money to those who have never known. And would like to publicize to Thai people who go to work in Cambodia With the hope that the income is good When you participate in this process You will be guilty and must be prosecuted. On charges of fraud as well If going to work, should contact through government agencies. Such as the Ministry of Labor However, if found clues Information can be informed at the PCT 081-8663000 center, official time or hotline, 1441, 24 hours or www.pct.police.go.th
Thrilling!3 thieves wielding a gun, robbing a gold shop in Klang District, Phop Phra District, Tak Province.|Thrilling! 3 criminals wielding a gun, robbing a gold shop in the middle of Phop Phra District, Tak Province, found 1 customer shot injured. The officers mobilized to chase today (12 Feb 65) at 13.15 hrs. Police officers found the Phra Phop Phra District, Tak Province, was informed of 3 criminals with short pistols, robbing a gold shop. The name of the Bangkok shop 4 is opposite the convenience store. In Tak province Therefore led the force to investigate the incident. Initially, it was known that 1 injured were male customers who were shot. And the criminal brought a lot of gold with cars Head towards Ban Pha Kago Near the Thai-Myanmar border during the incident, the criminal brought the car to park in front of the shop. And walked down to all 3 people calmly After that, another person uses the hammer that is prepared to smash the glass in front of the gold shop. Another person used a gun to score the glass door into the shop. Until able to rob the gold in the shop In which the police have collected evidence Shelling With a recording of the scene And inquire about witnesses with the shop owner As well as requesting a picture from the CCTV to follow the criminal Mobilize the whole police station to chase away along the path that the criminal escaped. And set up the extraction point around the Phop Phra District
The brutal father -in -law shot his son -in -law.The daughter cried and won the father to surrender.Ask for justice for the husband|At 11.00 hrs. On 12 February 2022, Pol.Lt.Gen. Wirut Yenwasawat, Commander of the Proof Center 8, along with Col. Phong Kajornsukkasang, Director of the Police Station. Koh Samui Phong, Lieutenant Colonel Woraphong Chumworathyee, Deputy Director of the Civil Service Commission, Proofing Center, 8 investigation officers To collect evidence at the scene At the house in the area of Lipanoi Subdistrict, Koh Samui District, Surat Rani Province, which is a house where Mr. Pak is 48 years old. This, with the staff proving the evidence. 8 has collected 5 bullets that fall at the scene of the incident, which can be said to be a. 357 ammunition and firearms. 38, as well as collecting wood that the criminal uses to beat. Deceased Including the blood of the blood of the deceased Collecting all the evidence for the case of the progress of the case. The inquiry official asked for permission from the Koh Samui Provincial Court issued an arrest warrant for Mr. Packing. On charges of killing others And has a firearm in possession without permission At the same time, the police continued to follow and arrest the criminals who caused this disaster. That is still fleeing the arrest of the police at the moment In order to proceed with the law at the same time Mrs. Juthamat, 28, the wife of the deceased Traveled out of the Koh Samui hospital to the house To see the scene In the arms, still holding the husband's shirt all the time And shed tears Can't accept the incident. Mrs. Juthamat Revealed this incident that The problem arises from her mother to leave the property for her and her husband to take care. Including the .38 firearms, which are a mother's registration gun And other assets But when the father was acquitted from prison Father will possess the mother's firearm. But the deceased does not want Because it is the property of the mother that has been deposited Previously, the husband had taken his own firearm to his father to solve this problem. But the father still took the mother's gun again Therefore believe that the father is dissatisfied in this matter Including other mother's property Father will ask to take it. Which he saw that his father was selfish Calling for things that are not their own things, how they say this time In order to demand fairness for the dead husband Because the husband is very good Take care of yourself As well as taking good care of everyone in the family He did not think that his father would be a cruel black person. Even the husband of the child That takes good care of children and families Father then killed him down his neck. He therefore came out to call for fairness. As well as calling for fairness to the family of the husband who lost loved ones Would like to leave to the father who is still fleeing Have the father come to surrender to the police To enter the judicial process To be responsible for what the father has done He wanted to say that he was very sad about what his father had done. At this point, the word father almost didn't want to call this word anymore. At the same time, the doctor at Koh Samui Hospital Reported to the investigation officer of Koh Samui police station that the results of the Quid-19 From the body of Mr. Kittiphong, the deceased, found that Mr. Kittiphong, who died, infected Therefore informing those who were close to Mr Kittiphong, including the officers who went to investigate the incident yesterday Separate and observe the symptoms of the body as well.
The police hold a subpoena to knock the accused room to escape the fraud case.Found again, the person fell from the 7th floor down to the corpse.|At 15.30 hrs. On 12 February 65, Capt. Worawut Ketkaew, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Thung Song Hong Police Station Notified of a woman falling from a high place Behind a hotel In Soi Chaeng Watthana 13, Thung Song Hong Subdistrict, Lak Si District, Bangkok, therefore reported the supervisor before inspecting the incident with Col. Marut Sud Nong Bua, the police station, Thung Song Hong, Pol. Director of Phayathai Police Station, Pol.Col. Phatthaya Wongwanich, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Thung Song Hong Central evidence officer Forensic Medicine, Bhumibol Hospital And the staff of the Ruam Piety Foundation, which was a 7 -story building decorated in a modern style Behind the building, found the body of Mrs. Piyaporn, 48 years old, Nakhon Ratchasima province. White warm pants Bleeding the nose The back of the back is broken. The arms and legs on both sides were broken. Col. Bowonphop Soonthornrek, the director of Phayathai Police Station, said that today the investigation has come to monitor the deceased. Because he was the accused to escape the subpoena of Dusit District, No. 55/2565, charged with fraud and offense under the Computer Crime Act. After bringing the car pictures to post on social media If someone is interested to transfer the deposit Then escaped There are many victims. Until there is an arrest warrant from Phayathai Police Station, Taling Chan Police Station, Muang Suphanburi police station, which the court has already accepted But did not come according to the court's appointment The prosecutor The Special Prosecutor's Office, the case of the District Court 3, then issued an arrest warrant for the court and coordinated the police officers in Phayathai police station to arrest until this afternoon brought the subpoena to the 7th floor in front of the room where the deceased rented a daily way to knock on the front door. room After a while he heard the sound of the glass door. Then disappeared Later at the same time There is a hotel security personnel informing that Someone jumped from a height The body is in the background of the building. The investigation department then came down to see. Found that it was the only person under the arrest warrant, so the OBEC came to inspect the scene and collect various evidence Ready to send the body to the forensic examination. Bhumibol Hospital continued to find the cause of death.
The customer of the victim shot robbed the gold shop in Tak province.Found the car that the robbers used to escape belonging to the former police|The robbery of the gold shop found the Phra Tak province. Customers who were shot Died Investigate the car that the robbers used to escape belonging to the former police on February 12, 2022 at 13.20 hrs. Police officers found Phra Phop Phra Police Station. Had to rob the gold shop Which uses the name of the Bangkok Gold Shop 4, Phop Phra District, Phop Phra District, the officer, has brought the force to inspect the incident. There are 1 injured, 1 man, the customer of the gold shop was shot. Inside the shop, there are many gold-plated gold, being brought with a Hilux Mighty-X-black gray-black Toyota brand. The only episode 1910, Kamphaeng Phet, heading towards Ban Phaka. Near the Thai-Myanmar border At the time of the incident, the criminal brought the car to park in front of the shop. And traveled down all 3 people calmly. Another person used a gun to score the glass door into the shop. Until able to rob the gold The police have collected evidence as a shell. Record the scene And inquire about witnesses With the shop owner As well as requesting a picture from the CCTV to follow the criminal Including mobilizing the police and the police station to fire along the path that the criminal escaped And set up an extraction point around the area Teacher Phop Phra, the latest reported that Customers who were shot Is a 29 -year -old Myanmar man shot in the left chest Died. As for the follow -up Most recently, the investigation team inspected the pickup truck registration number. That the criminal used to escape found that the said pickup truck The name of the possessor and ownership of the ownership is One Bachelor's Lieutenant Colonel, Dommer, Phop Phra District, Phop Phra District, Tak Province, with the status of the car to suspend the car. However, the investigation kit Additional inspection found that The said police officer said Currently, retirement in 2020 in the rank of police officer, Deputy Inspector of Prevention, and Suppression of a Police Station in the Provincial Police, the news reports that The investigation set is in the process of following the police officer. About the pickup truck that the criminal used to cause the incident that After the data of the Department of Land Transport stated, the car has been used, where the car goes, is there any person to continue buying? And the news reports report that Police Lieutenant Colonel Akaradej Pimonsri, the provincial police commander, Region 6 is traveling to meet with the investigation team to solve this case.
Uncle was angry, aged 15, escaped from the house.Chase after the group of friendsMother's friend could not escape.|Uncle Roro chased to shoot a group of 15 -year -old friends, escaped from home. The mother, the friend who brought the child to the house, ran away but fell. Uncle shot brutally shot at 23.30 hrs. (12 Feb 65) Police Colonel Narat Bua Khiao (Investigation) Police Station Notified of a shot, there were deaths and injuries. The incident occurred at Soi Singha Charoen Uthit 4, Soi Somdet Phra Chao Taksin 18, Bukkhalo Subdistrict, Thonburi District, Bangkok. Pol.Lt.Gen. Chokchai Ngamwong, Deputy Commander in Chief of Police Major General Manop Sukhon Thanaphat, Commander in Chief 8, Pol. Coco Investigation Department and the Bukkhalo Police Station staff, a number of probation officers Doctors, forensic, Chulalongkorn Hospital and the Por Tek Tung Foundation Volunteers, about 100 meters into the alley, found the body of Miss Suchitra, aged 35, a construction career, lying on the top of the blood. road Wearing a short -sleeved white T -shirt, wearing a brown long -sleeved robe Blue shorts There was an unknown shot. Enter the face, neck, neck, 3 matches near the body. Found 1 bullet. As for the injured, there are 2 men and women. Knowing the name of Miss Jirapa, 32 years old, was shot at the right arm, 1 shot, and the man was unknown. About 25 years old, shot 1 shot left arm. Siriraj Hospital, from the investigation, knew that before the incident, Ms. Suchitra and 2 daughters, aged 14-16 years, with 2-3 Miss Suchitra friends traveling from Om Noi area, Samut Sakhon Province for Come to send Miss Lamduan, aged 15 years at the residence in the alley Found a man who is Uncle who raised Ms. Lamduan since young, causing Ms. Lamduan to be a father Is in anger, scolding and will attack the niece who escaped from home to be with friends Which is the daughter of Miss Suchitra for almost a week in Ban Aom Noi, Ms. Suchitra and his daughter entering the uncle, not to hurt the grandchildren, causing the argument to cause Miss Lamduan's uncle to run into the house Picked up the gun, unknown size, shot the group. Miss Suchitra ran away from each other in different directions, being hit by the two injured. 3 rounds before fleeing, a neighbor's CCTV image was recorded while the accused was clearly shot in the police. Cause In the process of gathering evidence, arrest warrants Details do not want to reveal much. Because those involved are children in school As for the reason that the criminal shot was probably due to anger that the niece ran away from the house And the deceased group is involved
The mother shocked the youngest daughter in the middle of the rice band, 10 years old sister, stepfather licking the genitals.|The youngest daughter broke in the middle of the rice band, 10 years old sister. The mother refused to withdraw the report. Although the new husband sent someone to negotiate (14 February 2022). And women that the 10 -year -old daughter, grade 4 students in the area Was 44 -year -old Mr. Suwat, her new husband That has been eating for about 3 years The incident occurred on January 14, 65 at approximately 23.30 hrs. But reported to the Lahan Sai police station but the case did not progress. Therefore went to complain to the Pawina Foundation, who recently the police at Lahan Sai police detained Mr. Suwat Went to report the allegations and sent to be imprisoned at Nang Rong Provincial Court No one has to ask for bail. At this time, the 10 -year -old mother said back on the incident on January 15 after the incident that That day, around 19.00 hrs. The family had her mother, 2 daughters, 8 years old and 10 years, including Mr Suwat, the husband sitting in a circle to eat at home. Rice Why did the father and lick the genitals of my sister? At that time, he felt shocked but still calmly. He then washed his daughter. It appears that the daughter told all the events. But when asked the husband but refused the next day, then reported to Capt. Chian Dam Pandee, Deputy Inspector (investigation), Lahan Sai Police Station, Mrs. Ae said that after he reported Had a former village headman brought 3 people to negotiate To withdraw Then he would heal his money but refused because he intended to take the matter to the end. While the grandmother of the 66 -year -old child said that after hearing the news, he was shocked. Because children are only 10 years old, 44 years old, especially as a stepfather Dare to do with the child to this extent, not able to accept, even if the money is used to pay no matter how much
Hot UncleShoot a friend-mother, friend, niece, aged 15, even release HoCut the lady, not love|In the case of a hot uncle using a firearm, Miss Suchitra, 35, died and shot Ms. Jirapa, 32, including an unknown man, aged about 25 years, injured. Within Soi Singha Charoen Uthit 4, Soi Somdet Phra Chao Taksin 18, Bukkhalo Subdistrict, Thonburi District, Bangkok at approximately 23.30 hrs. Last night, the progress of the case at 11.30 hrs. Consider the arrest warrant for Uncle Head with 2 people. The court approved an arrest warrant at 88/2565 dated 13 February 2022 to arrest Mr. Sema, aged 50 years and an arrest warrant at 89/2012, dated 13 February. . Sukhon Thanapat, Director of the Civil Service Commissioner 8, arrested Mr. Sema Kajornphan, 50 years old, the shot, Ms. Suchitra died by Police Lieutenant General Manop. Sukhon Thanapat, Commander in Chief 8, revealed that in the beginning of the arrest of the arrest warrant Because there is enough evidence to the court to believe that The offender is guilty. Although the accused came to meet the inquiry official, but when the arrest warrant It must be considered as an arrest of an arrest warrant for jointly killing others. And offenses related to The firearm act later, the police brought the accused to interrogate in the investigation room for almost 1 hour. The Metropolitan Police 8 provided that the accused confessed to the actual shot. By a firearm used as a firearm without registration And stored at the scene of the incident In which the accused and the deceased are challenging And make an appointment to bring the niece to the house On the day of the incident, when the deceased side arrived, there was arguments. Until the chaos occurred But separated Until the deceased left the house The accused found that he was stabbed into the left stomach. Therefore let the other suspect who are riding a motorcycle to take to the hospital And claimed that he was afraid of being attacked by the side of the deceased Therefore carry a firearm too When he found the deceased standing in front of the alley, it caused the resentment that was attacked. Therefore using firearms to shoot the deceased Before escaping Before throwing the firearm to the canal away from the scene And went to find a place to fight the case. When the investigation set asked about the family relationship and niece The accused released Ho, crying, tearfully, with a little distress. Because the niece does not love, disobedient, attached to friends and runs away from home to other people's homes Admits that in the past, there was a punishment for the niece but with love and concern It is not the physical assault as the parties claimed. The police have reported allegations together to kill others intentionally. As for the charges related to firearms without registration The investigation set will wait for the officer to come up first. And when checking that it is true, according to the testimony, will report another charge In this case, there were 2 arrest warrants, 1 male and 1 motorcycle rider. In this investigation level, no other people were involved.
The 14 -year -old daughter told the minute.Before being shot by a hot uncleNo need to ask for forgiveness.Don't want to see the face|From the case of Miss Suchitra Thep Sirinrat, 34 years old, is a sharp victim of Mr. Sema Kajornphan, aged 50 years from the incident last night, the incident occurred in Soi Taksin 18, Bukkhalo Subdistrict, Thonburi, Bangkok. In which the accused shot at the head of Miss Suchitra went to 4 matches ruthlessly. And after that, the said firearm was thrown away at Kanlapaphruek Road. Before contacting the police to surrender, but has been arrested by the arrest warrant today. The accused confessed every allegation. By claiming that he was angry And hurt that the niece that he raised doesn't want to be with Resulting in a quarrel with the deceased And proceeded to kill the dead gun today (13 February) at Dao Khanong Temple, Soi Charoen Nakhon 65, Bukkhalo Subdistrict, Thonburi District, Bangkok Organized a watering ceremony for Miss Suchitra, the atmosphere in Dao Khanong temple is full of relatives. And friends who are close to the deceased traveled to join the funeral ceremony with sadness, the daughter of the deceased, aged 14, telling the story that before the incident, Lamduan, who was friends with him. Come to travel regularly And can stay one day Which told them that Ask for permission at home, but actually know that I didn't tell the house. Every time you come Will let him pick up from Taksin Sitting on the car by yourself Come to see him at Om Noi And when my seniors know that The house is looking for Therefore asked her mother to send to home And quarreled His uncle found that his brother came to take Nong Lam Duan. And then he attacked Lam Duan Mother went in to prohibit But he still attacked his brother Mother kept protecting Until having to run away Then his mother fell He came to shoot his mother until he died. From now on, he must be with his eyes and younger. And continue studying If asked if the person who shot will ask for forgiveness Will he be forgiven? He said that he didn't want to come and didn't want to see his face. Because still can't accept It is shocking with the incident. If he is actually coming How to pay, responsibility Must allow the adult to take care of this matter. Miss Preechaya, 33 years old, is a friend of the deceased, said that when he saw from the news Is another picture of a friend who was injured by a crossfire I didn't think that the person who died would be another friend. Feeling sorry Who lost friends to pity the grandchildren as well. Do not think that the matter will escalate to the point of having to shoot this Whatever the woman is not strong, men are already. Just hit too much But this even shot to kill each other normally The deceased will be the person who helps. Already protecting friends at the time of the incident, it would be seen that the child was attacked, so do not go to help protect the children Therefore not being able to run away, so fall down, would like the officials to proceed in accordance with the law to the end Initially, relatives and close friends said that Will not forgive the culprit Because it was a very cruel action And will pray for metaphysics for 3 nights
Thai shock!Cut the puzzle tank.Inside is an anonymous woman wrapped in blankets.|Thai shock! Cut the puzzle tank. The man was left. Inside is an anonymous woman wrapped in blankets. The corpse began to rot in Suphan Buri province at 23.45 hrs. (13 Feb 65) Capt. Formerly Bang Nang Buat Police Station, Suphan Buri Province, was informed of the trash in the trash with human parts. There was a foul odor being left in the grass on the area of Khao Chao, Village No. 10, Khao Phra Sub -district, Bang Nang Buat District. Therefore went to inspect along with Col. Nikorn Duangsueng, Director of Police Station, Bang Nang Buat Police Station Proofing officer Doctors of the former hospital, Bang Nang Buat And the foundation staff at the Suphan Buri rescue. The incident was in the grass from the 340 road, Suphan Buri-Chainat, about 150 meters, found a blue plastic trash with a steel handle about 120 centimeters high, 60 centimeters wide. Organic and coconut crab, compressed with the tank, the probation officer then keeps the evidence. The area around the plastic tank first. After that, the rescue personnel lifted the plastic tank out of the open space. Before using a knife to dissect the tank to prove When the officers brought the things in the tank, both the police and the villagers who looked at it. Because the object in the tank is a female body Dress wearing a gray polo shirt Wearing a plaid shorts, bent and bent, wrapped in a 2 -layer blanket is a purple blanket. And the inner layer is a red blanket tied with a white straw rope On the neck down to the feet The condition of the body began to rot. Expected to die at least 5-7 days from the inquiry Mr. Bancha, 42 years old, who found the first trash. Told that On the morning of the 13th, he was about to walk to fish. Through the area of Khao Chao Then came to see the blue trash at around 08.00 hrs. But I was not interested in thinking that it was a normal trash until 19.30 hrs. Therefore called to tell the village headman to come to see the side of Mr Thee Satchawongrat The village headman, Village No. 10, Khao Phra Subdistrict, said that he was informed by the residents that the trash was smelly. I therefore traveled to inspect Before slowly opening the trash Found inside the trash, there is soil, organic fertilizer and coconut crab with the tank And also found blankets and ropes on the blanket In which the blanket found the legs of the person Therefore informed the police to inspect at 21.00 hrs. Col. Nikorn Duangsueng, Director of Police Station, Bang Nang Buat Police Station Revealed that the preliminary examination is not yet known who the deceased is because there is no evidence in itself. As for traces or wounds It is expected that the deceased will be attacked and cannot be checked because The body of the deceased was in a decay, therefore had to send the body to inspect the cause of the true death in detail. And check DNA That the deceased is who is in order to follow the relatives to investigate that the deceased has conflicts with anyone who will lead to the cause of the preliminary death, assumed that the criminals should cause the crime from other places and then leave the body in Original area, Bang Nang Buat In which he ordered the investigation department Bang Nang Buat Police Station Together with the investigation team Suphanburi Province Help each other search for the cushions of the criminal in order to proceed with the case.
"Lawyer Tum" brought "Mia Sia Kong" to the court sued "Nong Mam" after announcing the world to know that it is a mistress.|From the case of Khun Nun's wife of Mr Apichat Pooltak or Sia Kong, aged 39, the owner of a famous chestnut shop in Kanchanaburi Came out to ask for fairness After Sia Kong had an accident, died of a pickup truck, with a younger woman, a close woman. The wife fascinated the cause of death due to the clip from the front camera. Revealed that Nong Mam, including the younger brother and friend who drove behind Refusing to help Until later, Sia Kong died at the hospital. There was also a time that disappeared, as if to conceal something, while Mam, who went on a famous program like "Natchat" confirmed his own innocence. And announced that he was another wife of Sia Kong There is no reason to kill her husband. Confirmed that he didn't know that Sia Kong registered marriage with Khun Nun And the other party has never followed the latest on Facebook of Mr. Sitra Ruad, or the lawyer Tum has posted a picture with Khun Nun. Sia Kong's wife By stating that traveling to court to sue Nong Mam in the offense of the adultery By stating that today I brought Khun Nun The wife of Sia Kong, who fell into the car Already sued the youth and family court In the offense of adultery Call for compensation worth three million baht. Due to the media expression many times as another wife of the husband Already know that the husband already has a legitimate wife first. Other cases have reported to prosecute to the end, namely Drive carefully, causing others to die. Hurt Khun Nun in front of the clinic And the burglary case Because he knew that after the husband died Someone secretly sighed a lot of money (this charge is investigating who did it). I want to make this case as an example. That if the legitimate partner is legally married Was able to prosecute damages There are laws supporting.
Shocked repeatedly in the year 63, the young man was frantic knife in the middle of Udon.The police come instantly in 5 minutes.|Just ask the way and don't know. The young man was held with a sharp knife in the middle of the city. Notify the police immediately. Detained before the incident repeatedly in the year 63 today (14 Feb 65). Reporters reported that A Facebook user posted on the Udon Page, with news, there was a news about Mor Lam, stating that the incident occurred about 17.55, the culprit had a sharp knife after the incident was 5 minutes. The police came quickly. 5-8 people. The incident occurred in front of the Seven opposite KFC, UD TOWN, with a middle-aged dark man. Should have a mental problem or may be addicted to nearby stores, saying that He came to ask for the district office. When the person answered that he didn't know He therefore has a madness. Why don't you know And the event began to get worse And shortly thereafter, take out the sharp knife to sweep around and use violent words. Thank you to the police officers for working quickly, no one was injured. P.S. I want the police to talk a little bit calm. Tell me what is confident. Meaning I saw a distant event I don't know the other party. Do you have a gun? Therefore can tell by roughly Overall, it can be coordinated quickly. However, the madman chasing the villagers in Udon Thani province had occurred in the beginning of December 63 until the 2 students have died and the event today happened. Similar, but luckily the police Muang Udon Thani Police Station Hold on before the incident
Objai splashing the bullet into the team."Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization" extinguished 2 bodies, the prime minister survived but was terrible.|Objai splashing the bullet into the team. "Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization", Deputy Prime Minister-the driver of 2 bodies, the prime minister survived, but seriously (14 Feb 65) Capt. There were 2 shooting scenes at Bang Prang -Toei Noi Road, Muang District, Nakhon Nayok Province. Therefore entered the area together with the probation officer at the duty and rescued to the scene Found about 500 meters away from the road, found a black Hyundai brand car, registration of Hoh 9622, Bangkok. Swipes on the side of the road, found the body of Mr. Somchai Muangkas, Deputy President of Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization and Mr. Watchara Nuch Daeng, the driver of the body was shot with ammunition. Mr. Nanakorn To Prayoon, President of Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization was shot at the shoulder and left leg, seriously injured. Brought to SWU Hospital. The Prime Minister's advisor was not injured in any way. But hiding because of fear of repeatedly shot from asking Mr. Prawit, 30 years old, the villagers of the neighborhood, saying that he had played the game suddenly, heard many guns like M16, then heard the sound of a car. So I came out to see it. When I saw it, I was shocked to see 1 person. The driver was still conscious for a while, then fell asleep and there were still 2 people who didn't know who left the car to the wife's side. Of the deceased is still fascinated by the death of the husband by saying that No omen or sang before The husband only said that today, there is a meeting of the SAO, and he is waiting to eat rice with his family because it is Valentine's Day as a day of love. But the husband had to die Feeling very sad about this event Because the husband has never had a feud with anyone before. The police have collected additional information and finding evidence in order to solve the knot. Initially expected to be related to local politics. However, it will find the exact information and will find a gunman who caused this crime to proceed with the case.
The old husband was arrested and killed a new husband.Try to tie the neck in the cellMee screaming the police station to blame himself is the cause.|The accused killed the dead. Try to tie the neck in the cell More than 30 minutes of heart can be returned. The wife blames himself, causing the new husband to be killed. The old husband became a murderer (14 Feb 65) at 22.30 hrs. While Pol.Col. Chanin Petch Kham, Inspector of Investigation, Muang Samut Prakan Police Station is performing his duties on the police station. Was informed by Pol.Col. Acting at ten in front of the inmate control room on the 2nd floor of the Samut Prakan police station. That the inmates use the raft of the neck of his own neck in the cell After being notified, therefore, along with the investigative staff and the Samut Prakan Charity Foundation Travel to inspect Inside the cell, found the foundation staff to help pump the heart. Mr. Lertchai, 40, the accused in the case of killing others intentionally That was arrested yesterday After going into the incident, the .38 firearms were shot. Mr. Methee, 30 years old, Chiang Rai province. Died in the house, Soi Sai Luad Soi 8, Yoi Soi 4, Pak Nam Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan Province And was arrested before being controlled to submit the sue of the Samut Prakan Provincial Court, with the foundation staff pumping the heart for more than half an hour. Therefore began to be aware but periodically twitching The Foundation officials have accelerated the treatment at Samut Prakan Hospital. At the same time, Ms. Sawitree, 37 years old, former girlfriend of Mr. Lertchai After hearing the news, he traveled to the police station. But missed the foundation car that brought the body of Mr. Lertchai Went to send at Samut Prakan Hospital first There was a stress and screaming and had a delirium that was the reason why the new husband had died and the ex -husband almost could not survive until the friends who traveled together had to help each other to comfort him until the symptoms improved. Before drove at the symptoms of Mr. Lertchai At Samut Prakan Hospital, from the inquiry, Pol. Prayoon, the ten staff of the duties in front of the cell, said that during the day there were more than 20 friends of Mr. Lertchai traveling to visit Mr. Lertchai. There is still normal symptoms, everything has no stress in any way. Until in the middle of the night while he was taking the accused of using the drug to control in the cell One of the accused shouted that the accused was tied in the bathroom in the cell. Therefore hurried to inform the staff of the staff to help before opening the door of the cell to find the body of Mr. Lertchai The accused killed others intentionally. That was just sent to control yesterday, using a raft, a towel to tie his neck in the form of a knee to the bathroom floor in the cell Therefore helped each other, quickly released and found that he had stopped breathing Therefore pumped the heart for a long time until he was aware of the coordination of the rescue vehicle to help deliver to the hospital. There may be stress that is detained and waiting for the court. In the case of killing others intentionally Which has a heavy penalty Therefore secretly tearing the towel to make a rope tied himself in the bathroom in the cell to escape the said problem But luckily, a inmates came to see and told the ten officials to come in to help in time. However, the investigation will be conducted again for further legal proceedings.
The young wife Joe, the famous leader of the Mor Lam, Roso reported to the call center gang, tricked by 2 million.|Call Center Gang Stewed wife, the owner of the young woman, Petch Ban Phaeng Deceived to transfer more than 2 million baht, claiming to check illegal transactions Finally, being cut, unable to contact Roro reported the police after the last night (14 February) at the Kosum Phisai Police Station, Maha Sarakham Province, Miss Anong Nuch Namwongsa, wife of Mr. Yamonil Wongsa, or "Young Joe", the founder of the Mor Lam band. Little Petch Ban Phaeng To report the complaint Police Lieutenant Colonel Chaturong Drot, Nor. (Investigation), Kosum Phisai Police Station After being tricked by the call center gang to transfer money A total of over 2,000,000 baht. Ms. Anong Nuch or Sonchuch said that the call center gang came to his mobile phone number. Claiming to be a DHL staff in Chiang Mai branch Said that the parcel will be sent to China Reported that in the parcel box, there were 14 passports, 10 ATMs hidden in 8 DHL staff, which is the call center gang. Suggesting to report the daily record in The police station, which was the Chiang Mai police station, but he was unable to travel. The staff then transferred the cable to The police station on the scene, then a man claimed to be a police officer. The end of the line asked himself Have you done online? In which he is doing business online He therefore said that After that, the end of the line said that I would like to check first. After that, he said that he was involved with Mr. Somsak. Which is the accused regarding money laundering cases In which he denied that he was not involved But the criminal tried to convince him to believe And confirmed in their own innocence By asking how many accounts they have Must be transferred to check Which the call center gang says not to tell this story to anyone Because it's a secret Afraid that if a lot of people know The operation will be delayed and have to transfer money to check with the AMLO. If checking that it is not involved, the money will be returned within 2 hours with sincerity. He therefore transferred money to 6 times, about 14.37 - 15.44 hrs. The first time was transferred to 1,027,000 baht. The second time was transferred to 193,000 baht. The 3rd time was transferred to 494,000 baht. The 4th time was transferred to 224,001 baht. Thanachart Account name, Miss Supawan Hongsa, 5th time, transferred to 100,000 baht at Kasikorn Bank, account name, Mr. Natthaphon Pudasang, and the 6th time transferred to 50,000 baht at Krung Thai Bank named Miss Pararat Wong The drama is 2,088,001 baht, which throughout the discussion period. The end of the line will not give the opportunity to hang up. Or talk to other people Claiming to be a secret investigation But was suspicious of why it was an account name But at that time he thought that he was innocent, not involved in illegal matters. Regardless, you have to get the money back. But after the transfer is finished, the line is cut, then cannot be contacted. And blocked Therefore believed that he had been deceived When he was conscious, he told this story to her husband. And traveled to report the complaint to the inquiry official Initially contacted the bank to request to freeze the destination account. But have to wait for the letter from the officer to send to the bank to proceed with the steps What I want to tell the call center now is Please give us money back. Because it was the money collected all the life of Mr. Yamil Nam Wongsa or the young man who founded the young Mor Lam Petch Ban Phaeng, said that today (14 February 2022), the group is happy with the top of the YouTube of the artist in Under the singing, someone came to see overwhelming until the view of 2 million views, but instead had to pay more than 2 million baht without expecting And do not know the wife that the wife will be surrounded by criminals and deceived to transfer a lot of money In this part of the money, he planned to be used as a expense for buying soil and building a wall, practicing places of the Petch Ban Phaeng. As well as improving the room for the actors in the faculty to be more convenient. After knowing this, he was so shocked that he trembled. Do not think that this event will happen to the family And didn't think that his wife would be tricked by the thief gang and transferred money completely This matter will not blame the wife. But will be considered a lesson Now that can be done is to encourage each other. And asked the police to quickly arrest this guerrilla to prosecute urgently In order not to continue to cause trouble to other people After knowing the incident There are people in the entertainment industry and Mor Lam. Ask and send encouragement to the family of the young Joe, a young woman, Petch Ban Phaeng, such as Mr. Prajakchai and Mae Nok Noi.
Collecting the famous sister's sisterTrick to invest in saving moneyMore than 13 million victims lost|Por. Gathering the sister, the famous host, investing in a high return. The victim lost more than 13 million baht. Police Major Putthidj Bunboon, Ph.D., Por. Por. Kor Kor. 4, Por. Por. Jointly arrest Ms. Naphatsorn (Surname Surname), 38 years old, the sister of the famous host. According to the arrest warrant for the Criminal Court, the People's Corruption Court, Borrowing money that is public fraud At the front of the house, Moo 3, Kam Subdistrict, Klaeng District, Rayong Province, due to in December 2020, in 2021, Ms. Naphatsorn, the accused, posted a message via the Facebook application. Bug Announced to the public in a manner that the general public can see Advertising invites to invest in deposits Or save short -term investment money Or auction of flowers and steps By claiming to bring money to the general public and will later give a high return. The victim fell to the accused of over 13 million baht. Later, the victims did not receive the rewards as specified, so they asked the accused, but the accused continued to deviate from the victims. To the Investigation Officer Kor Kor. 4, Por. A total of 13,498,990 baht. After that, the inquiry official gathered evidence to approve the criminal court issued an arrest warrant for the accused. Even according to the date, time, the incident, the accused arrested the accused to the investigation officer of Kor Kor. 4, Por. Por. Initially, the accused denied throughout the allegations. Por. Would like to observe that If there is an investment persuade By proposing very high returns Or transfer money into a person Please assume that You may be deceived.
LustRape the niece of 10-11-12 years, threatening if anyone was telling him more heavily.|The mother took her daughter and grandchildren, a total of 3 people, singing "Pawina" after the children were raped and indecent. Fear of safety Did not dare to go back to the house again due to the 13 February 65, Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Foundation Has been coordinated by Police Colonel Rattasak Rak Salam, Deputy Commander in Chief of the 3rd, said that Mrs. Pom (named hypothetical), 30 years old, brought 2 daughters, 12 years old and 10 years old and 11 years grandchildren reported to the inquiry official. New Nimit Police Station, reported that all 3 girls were raped, raped, and indecent, which a 12 -year -old woman has been done since the age of 8 years, with the 3 -year -old Nang Pom and the children not daring to go home because of fear of his eyes. Harmful Ask the Pawena Foundation Help to coordinate the temporary accommodation for all 4 people for safety. Mrs. Pom (fictional name) says that in the house lives a total of 12 people. When it's time to go to work. Lately, he noticed a 12 -year -old daughter with depression. Therefore inquired and the child said that Has been raped in the genitals and the anus for a long time Threatening to tell anyone if they do not believe, they will be heavier than before. Then the 10 -year -old daughter said that he had been sexually abused by inserting fingers. While the 11 -year -old niece said that he was raped by his eyes after knowing his children, so he brought the children to report because he wanted to prosecute his eyes to the end. But was afraid of safety, not daring to go home again and on February 14, 65, Mrs. Pawina assigned the Pawina Foundation to take all 3 children to check the physical at the police hospital and the professional exam. At the Office of the Attorney of Min Buri before the police gathered evidence to see the warrant On charges of rape, a girl under the age of 13 and indecent girl under 13 years and arrested his eyes to investigate the case. And detained for the Min Buri Provincial Court on the morning of 15 February 65. Reporters reported that today (15 Feb) at 14.00 hrs at the Pawina Hong Sakul Foundation for children and women. Rangsit-Nakhon Nayok, Khlong 7, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province. To find ways to help with the educational education of all 3 children and prepare to take Nang Pom to apply for the remedy at the Department of Rights and Freedom Protection Ministry of Justice In this regard, the Pawina Foundation Will accept the 3 victims of the victims of the Pawina Foundation And continue to monitor the continuous help. Col. Raksak Rak Salam, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Police Station 3, said that the police have now arrested the name of the name of Mr. Supachai, 55 years old, the accused. Reported the allegations Rape, a girl under the age of 13 years and indecent girl under the age of 13 and brought him. New Nimit Police Station In order to prosecute the bail of Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, the president of the Foundation for Children and Women, said that the foundation has now received all three children as a child of the Pawina Foundation. Which we will take care, whether it is the state of mind and the story of school, because today, most children are studying online at home And will consult with all three children to find a solution
Horror, homeless, stabbed in the police station to the former police officer, has a house but like to be wandering|Horror, wandering in the police station to the former police officer. Like to go out with friends at 04.30 hrs. (15 Feb 65), while Pol.Lt.Col. In the receiving room On the ground floor of Muang Samut Prakan police station, there was a quarrel. The stairs on the way up Behind the police station Samut Prakan Police Station Before the injured, the man was stabbed with sharp objects Blood all over the body ran in to ask for help. And fell unconscious in the police station At that time, a patrol officer came in to meet. Therefore able to control the situation and arrest the culprit, then report to Col. Termsim Jindawat, Director of Muang Samut Prakan Police Station, and coordinating the investigation and the Samut Prakan Charity Foundation Participated in the inspection in front of the room, found the draft police. The condition of lying face down, choosing to spread the floor. Turning the cremation was pierced in the neck. And many body Died The culprit is Mr. Somchit, 30 years old, was police officers. Muang Samut Prakan police station can be detained with a pointed knife that is used to cause 1 book. There is also another injury named Mr. Chainarong. With bruises, swollen, swollen on the face First aid officers before taking him to the Samut Prakan Hospital inquiring Mr. Somchit, the cause of the incident, was still in a drunkenness, and stunned that before the incident and the dead, and the 4 people sat. Alcohol is in the parking lot behind the police station. Even alcohol The deceased used him to buy alcohol again. But when he brought the liquor But is a brand that is not pleasing to the deceased Therefore arguing and fighting until the chaos occurred He therefore uses a dagger that regularly carries. Stabbed the garden without thinking that someone would die. Pol. Maj. Gen. Amnat Ratchasi, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Muang Samut Prakan provided information that for the culprit and the deceased. Know that it is a nomadic man See to live in the said neighborhood During the incident, it was expected that this wandering man should buy alcohol to drink until drunk. Before causing a quarrel and a knife was stabbed Until causing the said death Initially, the police still do not believe the preliminary testimony of Mr. Somchit. With severe drunken symptoms Therefore detained in the cell first After the drunkenness will bring out to investigate Along with reporting charges Kill the intentions And carrying a knife weapon Next, the latest progress at 17.00 hrs. Miss Araya, 41 years old, the niece of the police officer, the deceased, and relatives traveled to Samut Prakan Police Station In order to make the body of the body that Samut Prakan Police Station And revealed that the deceased had served as a police officer in Sa Kaeo province before leaving the government After that, the deceased came to live with relatives. In the area of Suwinthawong Market, Chachoengsao Province because the dead do not have a family But while the deceased himself would like to leave the house for a long time, each time will be wandering with friends, but when the relatives know that in Samut Prakan province, followed up until a week ago. The deceased said that he would come to see his friends and disappeared until he heard the news that he was stabbed. Therefore came to pick up the body To bring back to practice At Wat Mai, Khlong Kao, Chachoengsao Province. In the matter of the case, it was let it be a matter of police officers.
Investigate Grandma, stuffed the tank.Leaving the body in SuphanburiThe police suspect the 18 -year -old niece and boyfriend.|Investigate the 62 -year -old grandmother, stuffed the body of the body in the man, Suphan Buri province, the police gathered the suspect. Is an 18-year-old granddaughter and a boyfriend. The progress of the anonymous woman was killed, stuffed with 200 liters of blue plastic tanks in the grass on the 340 road, Suphan Buri-Chainat. In the foot of the Khao Chao, Village No. 10, Khao Phra Subdistrict, Derm District, Bang Nang Buat District, Suphan Buri Province. Initially, the criminals were expected to kill from other places and then stuffed the body into the tank into the pickup truck to disguise the case later. The police had evidence until the name of the deceased was Somsri, 62 years old. The house is in Ban Pa Subdistrict, Kaeng Khoi District, Saraburi Province, went to stay with the 18 -year -old granddaughter at the rental room in Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima After the incident, the niece disappeared suspiciously. Investigation kit from mobile phone use, found movement in the area of Mae Sot District, Tak Province, coordinating the police to help inspect. Tak Provincial Police joins the military force set up a drug checkpoint to block drugs. At Ban Huai Ya U -checkpoint Dan Mae Lamam Subdistrict, Mae Sot District, Tak Province, called for a search van, Mae Sot-Tak 10-1532 Tak, has a full passenger While requesting to inspect the personnel in the car It appears that there are 2 passengers, male and female, suspicious. Invited both to get out of the car to search for luggage bags. Know the name of Mr. A (assumed name), 23 years old. The victim killed the tank that Suphanburi police coordinate to help find themselves. Because he was suspected to kill his own grandmother Initially, the person still refused to open the mouth. The police took to record at Phawo Police Station and coordinated the investigation team. SorBorSor. Suphan Buri Province Come back to investigate at The original Bang Nang Police Station was ordained. According to the investigation guidelines, Mrs. Somsri, the deceased, has a husband as a train staff in Kaeng Khoi District, Saraburi Province, both of them do not have children together. Received a girl to raise a adopted child. Later, adopted daughter, married, had a husband and gave birth to a woman, Miss Orn. Therefore has a sacred grandchildren The deceased has raised since she was young, very loved, even the niece moved to a vocational school in Muang Nakhon Ratchasima. The deceased then moved to rent a room as a friend of 2 niece together and will go home in Kaeng Khoi District every holiday. Preliminary holidays are expected to argue with the argument with the grandmother. But do not know the cause and may miss the wood To each other violently to the point of death In shock, the phone called the boyfriend to help each other to use the rope and blanket wrapped into the tank. Lifted in the back of the pickup truck that the boyfriend borrowed relatives Leaving the body in Suphan Buri province to disguise the case. However, must wait for the results in detail again However, the police have not cut the issues that the boyfriend may participate in the killing. There is evidence of CCTV. Found a bronze pickup truck to throw away the trash at the scene of the incident or not. Expected to be killed at another point Then the criminal uses a pickup truck as a vehicle to put the body into the tank Then lifted up the back of the pickup truck Before throwing it away The officers believe that there are more than 1-2 villains, in the process of investigating the case to solve the case at this time.
Open the last day "Grandma Wan" before being killed.The neighbor revealed suspicious niece.|Open the last day "Grandma Wan", the neighbors do not want to believe it, the granddaughter killed the grandmother stuffed the tank. Because Grandma raised only the children from the case of Somsri or Yai Wan, 62 years old, Nakhon Ratchasima province Was brutally killed in the house rented behind Samo Rai Temple Then put the body in a pickup truck from Nakhon Ratchasima and then put the trash on the side of the road and put it in the forest, Suphan Buri Province Expected that the person who started the crime Is the 18 -year -old niece and the latest boyfriend, reporters traveling to Nakhon Ratchasima Railway Station To request permission to check the CCTV. The last day is 7 February 2022 at 14.52 hrs. And the niece got off the train after returning from Saraburi province, with Nang Wan in a blue blue shirt dress, shorts, carrying baskets, and the grandchildren wearing long -sleeved shirts, white jeans Carrying luggage and carrying a bag, walking down from the train and walking to get on a motorcycle To return to the room only 2 kilometers from the train station by Mrs. Charintorn The neighbors who rented the room near each other said that he found a sweet grandmother to sit and talk to himself on that day as usual and returned to the room. After that, I didn't find a sweet grandmother. Came to meet his granddaughter again on Sunday 13 February, walked out of the room to take 200 baht back to himself that Grandma Wan had borrowed After that, the niece looked at the rental door and disappeared. And from the inquiry of the rental room in front of the white pickup truck, parked in the alley and then entered the grandmother's room. Then disappeared as well. "I was shocked, not thinking that the sweet grandmother would be killed, stuffed the tank as the news. Which, if it is the skill of the niece It's almost unbelievable that it is possible. Because Grandma Wan loves and Huang this niece very much Raising since still young Take care of everything. "Mrs. Charintorn said that Grandma had talked to him that he had won the lottery 100,000 baht. Which he was still happy with Grandma Would be because he saw that Grandma had this money or not, who was caused by killing him, did not know the reporter reported that Sweet grandmother, grandmother, who is suspicious, is the accused to kill with his boyfriend. Study at a famous private college near the train station. And is in the internship at the Railway Management Division 2, Nakhon Ratchasima. On 9-10 February 2022, the grandmother Yai Wan has disappeared, did not come to train. But came back to ask for an internship again on February 14, 65, then disappeared It is expected that Grandma Wan will be murdered during 9-13 February 65, before the sweet grandmother's body was put into the pickup truck to stuff into the trash on the side of the road and then dumped in the area. Suphan Buri Province
"Rattanawut Watcharothai" denied selling liquor beyond time.Emergency ActPlassed back to the police|"Rattanawut Watcharothai" acknowledged the allegations Emergency Act Selling alcohol over time Ready to prepare to sue the police Implementing duties today (17 Feb 65) at Chana Songkhram Police Station, Mr. Rattanawut Watcharothai, former Special Affairs Advisor (Level 10) Bureau of the Royal Household With lawyer Traveled to meet the investigation officers at the Chana Songkhram police station to acknowledge the allegations in the offense "Together, violate the requirements The Royal Thai Government Administration Act "from the case on November 27, 2021, the police of the Crime Suppression Division (PorChor.) And the Chana Songkhram Police Station arrested the restaurant in Soi Ram Buildi, Khao San Road and was informed of the allegations. Emergency. Selling alcohol beyond the time that the law requires Mr. Rattanawut Revealed after meeting the inquiry official that Gave a rejection throughout the accusation, stating that the time when the police arrested I am in the process of chasing the customer. But since it is Saturday Resulting in a lot of customers Therefore, the delay until around 22.00 hrs., Which acknowledges that there are some tables that have been drank until after 21.00 hrs, but the shop does not sell more liquor. In which he had evidence of confirmation as a customer transfer slip from 21.00 hrs. To 22.07 hrs. But the police arrested and accused of selling liquor at 21.40 hrs. 157 Base performing duties illegally Because he went to check the CCTV Found that it was an illegal arrest A man was sent to a detective in the shop since 8:00 pm, making a bought and while arresting the caretaker at the dining table, was caught in handcuffs without a reasonable cause. Despite no escape circumstances And in the alley there are many restaurants But choose to arrest only the shop itself Which he sees that the shop sells too well Until being bullied. Col. Sanzon Saengmanee, the director of Chana Songkhram, said that it was the right of the accused who was able to prosecute the police if found to be fair. But the consideration will proceed according to the evidence Confirm the police comply with the law strictly.
Open the confession of the niece, intended to kill the grandmother stuffedHope to go to the Hanoi lottery prize money.|Close the case of tragic killing The murderer is the 17 -year -old niece confessed to kill the tank. In order to gathered the Hanoi lottery prize money for 1 hundred thousand baht. The case of Valentine's Day, Year 65, after the original police officer, Bang Nang Buat Police Station Found the dead were stuffed in a blue plastic trash. In the area of the Khao Chaoo, Khao Phra Subdistrict, Derm District, Bang Nang Buat District, Suphan Buri Province, from the fingerprint examination results Found that the deceased was the 62 -year -old grandmother Somsri, a Saraburi people, inherited the area, met with the husband of Grandma Somsri, and said that Grandma Somsri went to live with a 17 -year -old niece who studied in Korat. From 9 February 65, the successor set followed to the grandchild's address. But could not find the grandchildren at the accommodation At the same time, the police got the information that ensures that Walking the game, the grandmother's niece is traveling by bus, aimed at Tak. Therefore coordinated the police at Phawo Police Station, Mae Sot District, Tak Province, helping to extract the car that the granddaughter went Until found that the niece was with Mr. Patipol, 23 years old, the police invited both to get out of the bus In order to coordinate the investigation of the case to come to pick up and ask the police. Just asking the 17 -year -old niece, revealed that she is the adopted grandchildren of Grandmother Somsri. Plement And just met for the first time. The relationship between you and Grandma Sri In the past, came to take care of her in Korat. Because she is studying here But Grandma is strict about spending money until uncomfortable until the latest grandmother won the Hanoi lottery. And let her go to press the money Therefore knew that Grandma had more than 100,000 baht. At that time, she had a feeling of wanting this hundred thousand. But will only get this money only when Grandma dies Therefore became the most thoughtful idea "She has to kill grandmother" as soon as the niece arrived at home. She also argued with Grandma. And called Mr. Patipol to make an appointment to come to the room The beloved grandchildren, squeezed, waiting for the most power. But Grandma has not died yet. Mr. Patipol helped Until finally, Grandmother Sri died, the niece and a young man killed Leaving the grandmother's body alone in the room Drive a pickup truck to go and search for a place to leave the grandmother to drive to Lop Buri province but still haven't found the right place. Both decided to go back to the room. Use a blanket to wrap the grandmother's body. Tied with straw rope Help each other carry it at the end of the pickup truck. And crawled out to find a place to leave again Until it's almost morning Still not leaving the body of Grandmother Sri Sri niece told her to see the blue trash along the roadside Therefore thought to put in the body and camouflage another layer, found the soil shop, so stopped to buy to fill in the tank of the grandmother's body in another layer And continue driving until found the entrance to the forest That the car can drive in Therefore chose this point as a place to leave the grandmother's body because it is a forest. He doesn't think anyone will see the body. Returned to the room to use his grandmother's hundred thousand Until the news To escape to Mr. Patipol's house Because now a few thousand money is left. This is all of the confession from Grandma's 17 -year -old granddaughter who has been well raised since birth For this reason, the mechanic is so sad. The love that Grandma gave to the grandchildren Grandma's life is less valuable than a hundred thousand money. The two culprit will be prosecuted. Even if it's just a 17 -year -old youth
Jo invaded the funeral of the bullet victim "Uncle Head", chasing the dead husband until he had to jump off the water.|Police hunting the gang Invaded the funeral pavilion of the ammunition "Uncle Head", chasing the dead husband until having to jump to the Chao Phraya River to escape. Finally, the reporter reported that today (16 February) at 16.30 hrs., Police Lieutenant Surat Kittikitththatsuk, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation), Bukkhalo Police Station, received a notification of a quarrel with a water jump. Escape to death and injured in Dao Khon Temple. Charan Sanitwong 65 Road, Dao Khanong Subdistrict, Thonburi District, Bangkok Chulalongkorn Hospital Probation Division Officer And the Por Tek Tung Foundation Rescue Unit In the pavilion set up the corpse of the metaphysics beside the temple's crematorium Which is currently used as the funeral of Ms. Suchitra or Chic, aged 35, who was dead by Mr. Sema, 50 years old, uncle of Lam Duan, 14 years old, shot dead in the middle of the night on 12 February. . In the past, from the inspection found things in the scattered event. As for the person who was chased, he was a relative of the deceased. Knowing that the enemy was chased about 4-5 people, attacked, ran away, scattered before And there are people who decide to jump in the Chao Phraya water in the community after the temple lost Therefore coordinated the rescuers of the rescue team to help find the body of Mr. Greek or Apple, 32 years old, the current husband of Ms. Suchitra, the condition sank in the bottom of the Chao Phraya River. Wearing a white short -sleeved T -shirt Wearing black pants Therefore gave the body to a forensic doctor, Chula Hospital, to take the autopsy to find the cause of death in detail again. Later, at 17.30 hrs. Mr. Chinese (reserved the real name) 17 years old and Mr. (reserved the name, surname True) 19 years old, who was injured from the said incident Brought his body back from the Naval Hospital to Dao Khon Temple again. According to the investigation, the injured Chinese testified that before the incident, Mr. Greisit, a senior friend Invited him and Mr. Bring rice, fish, food, and the dead at the funeral pavilion. Since the chanting of the body has been praying for 3 days and actually requires cremation today But today is Makha Bucha Day or the Big Day, so the schedule is scheduled for tomorrow at 16.00 hrs. Mr China said that while sitting in 3 pavilions, there were 4 teenagers who were teenagers, 1 teenager driver. And stacked the back of the motorcycle like women, unknown, 2 brands of brands to park in front of the funeral pavilion Before all getting out of the motorcycle with a full sword and ax Priy came to attack 3 people and had to run away. Scattered in different directions, which he could not miss the knife on the middle finger, in the middle of the ring finger and the left hand of the left hand, had to sew up to 10 needles, while the body was crushed until he had to escape into the monk's bathroom. At first, the deceased did not know where to escape. Finally came to know that running out to the community behind the temple more than 300 meters before jumping into the Chao Phraya but died in the end. Metropolitan Police Commander 8 explained that from the interrogation of witnesses at the scene Found that while preparing to perform the funeral ceremony There was a child to play firecrackers in the temple area. Until the noise of the work area The husband of the deceased then went to blame Until the said group of children were not happy and brought the matter to sue the teenagers in the temple area Therefore causing dissatisfaction And came to chase and hurt the husband of the deceased in the temple area When the husband of the deceased saw that he was almost running away And jumped down to hide in the water until he died from the wound inspection on the body of the deceased No traces of attackers were found. It is expected that while the deceased jumped down to hide in the water May cause choking to cause death at a later time The investigation set in the area went to interrogate the witness. And able to detain many suspects Therefore checking whether the group of the culprit is the same group that attacked the wife of the deceased to death in the previous case or not, which the inspection found that the group of the culprit in the temple And the group of the culprit and the wife of the deceased are different groups Confirm that the incident was not the revenge of the group that had caused the wife of the deceased for sure. Is the cause of the duty of the deceased himself. Investigation set in the area is in the process of collecting evidence. In order to proceed with the detention or issue an arrest warrant for those involved in the said case The inquiry official coordinated the Civil Service Commission. 8, entered the CCTV inspection area in the temple. And the path that the criminal has used to travel and escape After this, both injured will be examined in detail for clues. Arrest all 5 criminals to prosecute. Later, at 19.00 hrs. Mrs. Nantawan, 53, the mother of Mr. Greekrut to Wat Dao Khon Ong To see the son Before revealing both the tears that Normally, the son will work as a mechanic. When he heard the news, he hurried to travel. Feeling very sad, not thinking that there will be a loss Like this, would like the police to arrest the criminals quickly, after the cremation of Ms. Suchitra tomorrow is completed. Will receive the body of the son to perform merit at Bang Sakae Temple, Terdthai Road, Soi 33
The most haunting neighbor"Grandma was killed, stuffed the tank" walked to greet before knowing to death 2 days ago.|The police detained the niece and girlfriend who killed the grandmother stuffed the tank. Point out the murder at the rentering room, the most creepy, found, walked before knowing that he was dead. From the case of the body of Mrs. Somsri or Yai Wan, 62 years old, Kaeng Khoi District, Saraburi Province, was killed in the rental house. Behind Samo Rai Temple Then put the body in a pickup truck from Nakhon Ratchasima and then put the body into the trash, throw away the area of Khao Chao, Village No. 10, Khao Phra Subdistrict, original Bang Nang Buat District Latest Suphan Buri Province The police arrested the grandmother of Yai Wan, aged 17, and a 23 -year -old boyfriend confessed to be the offender. According to the news, the reporter reported that today (18 Feb) at 18.00 hrs. Deputy Director of Investigation Bang Nang Buat Police Station, Suphan Buri Province, along with the investigation set And the police proven 3 Nakhon Ratchasima, brought the accused who caused the murder of Mrs. Somsri or Yai Wan, aged 62 years at the house of Soi Lam Pru Long Temple, Samo Rai Temple in Mueang District, Nakhon Ratchasima District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, to point out the scene and Making a plan to confess, but at the scene of the incident, there were 200 people who heard the news. Iam criticized the Deputy Director of the original police station, Bang Nang Buat, said that in the initial investigation and witnesses in the mobile phone The niece confessed that Using his hand to squeeze the sweet body until centered but not dead Therefore used the rope to fasten the neck again, then chat on the phone to call the girlfriend in Tak province Come to help take the sweet grandmother's body The reason for doing it because of the force of Grandmother's threatening for a long time Causing to suppress because Grandma has been forced to threaten everything for a long time Wherever you go, all since childhood In which Grandma will prohibit dating friends Whether women or men The people in the neighborhood of this rental house know all. Reporters reported that until 19.30 hrs, still unable to bring the accused from the car to make a confession plan. Because there are still more people coming to see While the police proven 3 evidence and investigation team, Bang Nang Buat Police Station Used the key to open the rental room to collect various evidence Inside the case of the case later at 20.45 hrs. The police decided to bring Mr. Patipol, 23 years old, the girlfriend of the niece of Somsri. Which was charged with murdering others with intent and hidden to disguise the body Get off the pickup truck to point the scene, make a confession plan Without bringing her niece Somsri as well Since it was still a youth under 18 years of age while the police detained Mr. Patipol, walked down from the pickup truck Was shouted by the villagers and cursed the cruelty that the accused joins the murder of Mrs. Somsri In which the police took about 15 minutes to make the plan, then brought Mr. Patipol out into the car With the villagers trying to hilarity and shouting, cursing, but the police were able to prevent the accused in the pickup truck from the scene. Ms Sunan, 41 years old, the neighbors said that at around 8:00 pm on the night of 11 February, Mrs. Somsri or Yai Wan left the room to ask herself if "In the evening, why not keep the cat into the house" by saying slowly Then walked back, which he later learned that Grandma Wan has been murdered since the 9th of February, making it shocked immediately. If you are sweet Asked the soul to a good world The children will make merit and dedicate merit.
Open chat, niece, kill grandmother, stuffed the tankTalk to boyfriendBefore planning to escape together|From the case of the police Bang Nang Buat Police Station Found the dead were stuffed in a blue plastic trash. In the area of the Khao Chaoo, Khao Phra Subdistrict, Derm District, Bang Nang Buat District, Suphan Buri Province, from the fingerprint examination results Found that the deceased was Grandmother Somsri, 62 years old, the people of Saraburi province who were with a 17 -year -old granddaughter who was studying in Korat. From 9 February 65, the successor set followed to the grandchild's address. But could not find the grandchildren at the accommodation Until he found that his niece was traveling by bus, heading straight to Tak Therefore coordinated the police at Phawo Police Station, Mae Sot District, Tak Province, helping to extract the car that the granddaughter went And detained with Mr. Patipol, 23 years old, known by the application In which the niece confessed Doing killing grandma because he knew that Grandma won the lottery Hanoi And let her go to press the money Saw Grandma having more than 100,000 baht, so planned with Nana Patipol The boyfriend who just knows Call Mr. Patipol to make an appointment to come to the room. Before the niece squeezed With Mr. Patipol helping until Grandma died Then camouflage the body in the plastic tank Before driving a car to find a place to leave the funeral this morning Also revealed the message from this granddaughter's chat Who talked to his boyfriend After killing Grandma The niece was afraid of guilt. And have consulted and planned to escape to Mr. Patipol's house in Tak province. The niece also stated that The eyes called many times. After the grandmother disappeared All of the messages in the chat stated that Patipol: Nong Daeng, niece: What do you mean? But still do not know the granddaughter: Please see the news. Paul: (Send the news link to the police). Tell the police. Niece: Then what to do? Come out, come out. Patipol: Come out, call to call:::::: What are you: What are you doing? My niece: In the room of Patipon: Friend's room or Nong Niece's room: Patipol's room: Then stress. Niece: Not stressed but worried. Patipol: On which day of the granddaughter exam: 22-24 22-23 Paul: Then escape first. If that day The story is not red. Gradually come to take the granddaughter exam: Okay, Lan girl: Elder Ta called me. Many lines already. After the exam, the granddaughter: Okay, Lan girl: What should I do? But still do not know who did the Patipon: What can you say what you can call? Niece: Pepna is about to move to another place. Paul: Moved. Say hello. My niece: Okay. The funeral of Grandma Patipol: Can call to niece: Call first. Call:: :: :: ::: Paipon: How? Niece: Arrived by the Transport Company and that will go somewhere else, elder. Can you ask: :: :: :: :: :: :: :: ::: He said that he still calls for 3 times. Whether we will survive
Hot head rider explained another corner.The knot attacked his ex -girlfriend to the shop.Claiming just pushing the head-smashing the back|Hot Head Rider The knot of the girlfriend to the shop Claiming just pushing the head Fired when loving each other is good, but when there is a problem Come to speak the white media reported that today (17 Feb) at 10.20 hrs. At Bang Khen Police Station, Mr. Ekkaphop Luekprasert With the Survive volunteer team - Sai Mai must survive, bringing Ms. A (assumed name) to report to Police Colonel Sarawut Butdee, Deputy Director of the Police Station (investigation), Bang Khen Police Station, after being 33 years old, former boyfriend, who is a food Followed to attack the coffee shop in the Ying Charoen market area Because I was not successful. Miss A (assumed name) said both tears that He has been dating the culprit for about 7 months. There has been a problem being attacked all the time. Used to be hit in the car at the Srinakarin department store And had been snatched the necklace until it was torn until November 2021, the relationship began to scrappy Because he caught that he was using drugs to consult with the boss at the shop Because I can't bear it Before separating around a month Dec, but still always in contact Because he was a motorcycle down payment that the culprit used to work for 50,000 baht. Later, on January 21 I went to work at the store as usual. Then he invaded the shop in the evening Before being an event in the clip And then he reported in the same evening Thought that the matter would end But was linked to his money cheating, which he had no knowledge and didn't know whether there was a jealousy or not. Because he used to post Facebook Like he has a man But he has a lot of male friends Because he had to ask for help to come and receive him for the gout Therefore believe that only the money, N.A said that when he invaded the shop, told him to go out and clear But people used to be hit, do not know how much they will hit Therefore choose to be in the shop Which, since dating, was attacked by the body at this time, however, on February 11 He used to trap in front of the alley. While going to work Until he was injured by the knife he carried to protect himself from the offender Bad the right index finger until having to sew 4 needles. Also, previously reported that Thung Song Hong Police Station But the case has not yet progressed Do not want to live life with suspicion And causing others to be difficult to wait and receive again The Silk team has to survive, saying that the victim has sent a clip about 3-4 days ago and knowing that the person has reported in the area of the 2nd police officer several times but has not yet progressed, so the Deputy Director of the investigation is coordinated. Bang Khen Police Station to follow the parties to investigate Before prosecuting the steps, which the man knew that he would surrender today. After releasing the clip Many victims contacted that they had been cheated by money as well. The inquiry official interrogated the injured person and included evidence to prepare for the charges of assault on others. Rape others, causing fear And lost the property. At 11:00 am, Mr. Chanachai, the culprit, reported to acknowledge the allegations with the police. Ready to admit wrong with what happened But ask yourself to clarify The day of the incident, there was a problem from the matter to transfer money to him but couldn't contact. Admit that he has pondering first Because he went to run around that area It's not that it has been assaulted. Confirm not punching But pushing the head and using the hand to smash the back. Because it is about the trading of ID Rider When they love each other, it was all good, but when there was a problem, he took various things to say that in the past he had actually used amphetamines. But he didn't want him to be bad Therefore do not ask to reveal
Police attacked"Chao Khun Jack", Deputy Dean of Nakhon NayokThe knot of the corruption of the temple is 123 million.|At 06.00 hrs. On 18 February, Pol. Maj. Gen. Charoon Kiat Pankaew, Director of the Office of the P.O., bringing the officers of the Office of the PMC, integrated with the police officers, The Royal Thai Army Officer, the Office of the Royal Thai Army, the NACC and the NACC, a total of more than 60 officers, opened. "Sin Sin Corruption of change of temple "spread to search for 5 targets in Nakhon Nayok province, Nonthaburi and Bangkok. In order to catch the offender Of the Office of Buddhism Including the seizure of property obtained from the offense by the key goals of the search at The abbot of Khao Durian Temple, Khao Phra Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Nayok Province, which is the temple of Phra Sitthiwon, Prime Minister or Chao Khun Jack, Abbot of the temple or another position, Deputy Dean of Nakhon Nayok. However, when found Phra Sittiwon, the president of the officer, therefore showing the search warrant of Nakhon Nayok Provincial Court In order to inspect the search for evidence within the cubicle before inviting the Prime Minister to the police station in Muang Nakhon Nayok To do interrogation Along with reporting the allegations Officially In addition, officials have invited. Other abbots in the area of Nakhon Nayok province involved in another 11 temples to interrogate. Nakhon Nayok Police Station As well, for the said operation, due to the previous police officers, the Office of the National Education Commission received a complaint to inspect the measures of the Buddhist Office. During the year 2007-2016 of Nakhon Nayok province, after finding many abnormalities, it is believed that corruption has occurred. Therefore entered the search for the facts Until it was found that Mr. Nopparat Benjawattananan, former director of the National Buddhism Office, accused of arrest warrant in the case of the old case of the old case That is in the process of fleeing Along with the officials of the Buddhist Office together with the Prime Minister Sittiwar And abbot of various temples in the area Corruption from the Bureau of Buddhism Which approved the various temples in Nakhon Nayok province 12 temples in the budget of 123 million baht. After each temple has received subsidies Will withdraw all the cash and bring it to the Prime Minister After that, only some money will be divided into various temples. By claiming to have to bring the remaining money to the Buddhist Office to donate to other temples that are still lacking budget Including the money that the Abbot of Khao Durian temple has collected more than 110 million baht before sharing money with Napharat. However, the investigation also found that the former director of Buddhism and Abbot of Khao Durian Temple After getting the money Brought some money Go to buy land assets A lot of various With clear evidence that Both have bought land from the villagers in Nakhon Nayok province, which has 3 close plots of over 10 rai, totaling approximately 18.6 million baht, with the family holder in the form of camouflage. conceal Which is considered an act that implies corruption And is considered a joint criminal offense Therefore, it leads to the operation of the said day to search, arrest and seize these land assets back to Buddhism. After this, Maj. Gen. Jiraphop Phurit Along with various relevant agencies, there will be a press conference to summarize the results in detail at approximately 10:00 am on the same day at the press conference room, 2nd floor, Office of the Crime Suppression Division (PorChor.)
Ng!"Chao Khun Jack" clarifying beer-condoms in the cubicle belonging to the pupilsGet money to buy land|"Chao Khun Jack" accepted close to the past The director of the Bureau of Buddhism revealed that it was a person who moved the money to buy land. Claiming liquor-beer-condoms Found in the cubicle belonging to the pupils today (18 February), Pol. Maj. Gen. Charoon Kiat Pankaew, Director of Por. , Mr. Supapsiri, director of the special case suppression group Along with the Office of the OIC, the police officers, the NACC, the NACC, the PACC, the Royal Thai Army Officers and the Office of the Police Department jointly announced. "Blinds of Sin Sin" prosecuted the land corruption process, damaged by more than 110 million baht. Pol.Col. Charoon Kiat said that today, the PACC has been searching for 5 targets, namely the wife's house, daughter of the temple. durian And the land that has been traded in 2 plots, due to Chao Khun Jack, has brought the money from the temple to buy the land for Mr. Nopparat (former director of the National Buddhism Office) by transferring the adoptive daughter's name As well as calling Chao Khun Jack to investigate further And report the allegations As well as calling the 11 abbots in the area of Nakhon Nayok province as a witness The inspection has not been found yet. But found inappropriate things such as liquor, condoms, beer and baby clothes When inquiring, Chao Jack claimed that the liquor was presented to a votive offering. The condoms and beer belong to the students. And children's clothes found in the room are children that are raised. By claiming to be the grandchildren. Mr Sornchai said that for the case of the temple Occurred since 2015, which has been arrested in the past Director of the National Buddhism Office In which the arrest was extended throughout the country Today, there are cases in the NACC 108 cases indicating 42 offenses, including this case. And forward it to the relevant agencies to proceed with the case Found assets that have purchased land and use in other parts worth 110 million baht and the overall damage occurs a lot. Which is considered a collaboration in addition Maj. Gen. Charoon Kiat Added that Today's issue Because it was found that the Land of the AMLO has not been investigated before 2 plots worth 8.6 million baht. The accused is currently abroad, including his wife and adopted children, who are the owner of the land. For Chao Khun Jack Will report the charges under Section 157 and 117 of the Penal Code. Providing useful information, stating that Close to Mr. Nopparat And Mr. Nopparat trusting Chao Khun Jack to coordinate various temples In receiving subsidies Including negotiations for the refund to Mr. Nopparat As for the issue of buying land, Chao Khun Jack stated that he didn't think it was an offense. But admitted that all the money was the operator, transferring to buy land And cannot clarify that 110 million money is now applied to Maj. Gen. Charoon Kiat Also brought the officers to inspect the land, which Mr. Nopparat, former director of the National Buddhism Office The accused according to the arrest warrant in the temple's change case. And the Prime Minister Together, buying land from the villagers By allowing the family to be owned by ownership of the landowner, revealed that Chao Khun Jack or Phra Sitthiwon, the prime minister, has brought the former director of the National Buddhism Office Came to buy land from himself at the price of 17.5 million baht, which he received But has not received money in the maintenance fee Which he has been in charge of more than 8 years in the price of 1 million baht. In this land, he confirmed that he bought the name of Mr. Nopparat but was transferred to the name of the adoptive daughter. Which on the purchase day traveled with Chao Khun Jack As for the payment of land Chao Khun Jack is the one who called to pick up the money at Khao Durian Temple. By bringing cash to 3 times
Open the card without knowingYoung net idol, motorcycle, standing on the seat-releasing hands in the middle of Chinatown|The police took 5 charges of the young internet idol showing the motorcycle, standing on the seat and releasing hands in the middle of Yaowarat road. By riding a motorcycle Then stood out in the middle of Yaowarat Road At the end of the Chinese New Year festival in the Phlaochai Police Station, the latest 2 today (18 February), Col. Phanom Chuengthong, Ph.D., Phlapphla Chai 2 police station, revealed that in the case of the said page, such as widespread The staff has checked. Found that driving on Yaowarat Road Samphanthawong District Bangkok True, the person who posted is Mr. Krisadaporn or Kaew, 27 years old and admitted that he was a motorcycle rider. Because he likes to drive motorcycles And often take to do activities in various places such as making merit, donating things, etc. with more than 50,000 followers. After that, the post has already deleted. With consciousness And the news of various media, therefore, met Capt. Chaiyasit Khamphachan, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation), Phlapphlachai Police Station 2 in the middle of the night before acknowledging 5 allegations, namely driving motorcycles or terrifying, which may be dangerous to a person or property. Drive a car in an unusual manner of driving. Drive a car regardless of the safety or suffering of others. Use a car that does not create compulsory insurance. Use a car that does not pay annual tax The legal penalties shall be liable to imprisonment for a imprisonment not exceeding 3 months or a fine of 2,000 baht to 10,000 baht or both. The investigative staff Phlao Chai Police Station 2 checks the CCTV at the point of driving. Match the motorcycle of Mr. Krisadaporn or Kaew. After Mr Krisadaporn acknowledged the allegations and confessed that he had done it because he knew not as much. Intend to present only in a specific group And apologized to the society that has been done Feeling repentant And warn youths or those who have watched the clip Not to act in such a way because it is an offense under the law Police Colonel Phanom revealed that Warning to those who think of doing this, do not do it because it will be harmed. If falling from the car There may be a collision with other cars or harmful to life, body and property of others. And was prosecuted according to the law
The family would like to leave the body of the Deputy Prime Minister of Bang Bang.|The family requested to leave the body of the Deputy Prime Minister of Bang Somboon Subdistrict, dreaded the police, stolen the body similar to the case of the year 2014, not burned (19 Feb 65). For more than 5 days, the police were still unable to arrest the criminals. Using Aka firearms to attack the car shot of the Prime Minister of Bang Somboon Subdistrict, recently, in the morning, Lieutenant Colonel Suchart Theerasawat, Deputy Commander in Chief of Police, along with Pol.Lt.Gen. Somphong Ching Duang The Assistant Commander in Chief of the meeting went to the meeting area to follow up the progress of this case. Among the family Of the victim Who came to wait for fairness after the meeting Discuss the progress of the case The police invited relatives to enter the room. When the relatives traveled inside the room of Mrs. Supak Muangkas, the wife of Somchai Muangkad, Deputy Prime Minister of Bang Somboon Subdistrict, who was shot dead. And Miss Waree Nuch Daeng, the sister of Mr. Watchara Nuch Daeng, the driver who died, bowed to Maj. Gen. Suchart Theerasawat, Deputy Commander of the National Police To ask for fairness Because believe that This case has an influence outside the area. Was the order, Miss Waree gave an interview, confirming that the family would not burn the body of his brother As well as asking the police to take care of the safety of the body because he is afraid that there may be bad people Wanting to destroy the evidence by stealing the body like in 2014, at the body of the President of the President of the SAO, disappeared from the temple, while Mr. Suradech Tokprayoon, the father of the Subdistrict Administrative Organization, Bang Somboon, said that personally believe that Still related to political issues as before Because there is no enemy with anyone In the past, there was only one opposite political group. After only 1 month, acknowledging that in the past, the old personnel were investigated within the SAO, but confirmed that there was no purpose of expel the old people. Although the work does not meet the target But can find a solution By hiring a group of acquaintances instead in 2014, the same event had occurred. Elections of the President of the Provincial Administrative Organization was deceived to the party. And was attacked in the Dong Drama police station with AK firearms But nowadays, almost 10 years have not yet captured the criminal. If this event is still unable to catch the criminal Afraid that the culprit May be an influence over the law And the family may not be able to live in the same area for the progress of the case. Lieutenant Colonel Suchart Theerasawat, Deputy Commander of the National Police, stated that the CCTV inspection Throughout Nakhon Nayok province, a total of 75 points found a suspicious car and used to cause the incident, namely the white Mizzubishi Miraj, attached to the license plate. Found in Nakhon Nayok province In which the case has progressed a lot As for the local political issues or personal conflicts Not yet requested to reveal // Confirm fairness to the injured relatives, send safety officers. In the case of Victim relatives Focus on the issue that This event May have a link With the event in 2014 because the criminal uses the same method Is to deceive the dead Before being shot by a firearm. // This issue, the Deputy Commander of the National Police said that the team had collected evidence. Check again But has not yet found the connection
Thrilling on the police stationChinese girl draws a knife, stabbed the hotel owner in front of a hundred on duty.Arguing the room rental|Thrilling on the police station The Chinese girl is crazy about the knife, stabbed the Thai boy in front of the hotel. Arguing the room rent (19 Feb 65) at 14.10 hrs. Today, a thrilling incident occurred on the Chang Phueak Police Station, Muang District, Chiang Mai. When a Chinese woman couldn't control herself Putting a knife to pierce the Thai young man until the blood injuries While sitting on a negotiation, mediation about the rental room in front of the eyes, Pol. Maj. Gen. Kuna, a picture of the investigative officer who was inquiring about both of them. The incident caused the panic to both the police and the people who contacted the government after the incident, the authorities detained the Chinese woman to calm down in the prison room. As well as notifying the rescue team to come to first aid It was found that the injured was Mr Vatra being stabbed into the left arm, a total of 3 wounds. The rescue team made a wound before being sent to check the symptoms and healed at the Lanna Hospital, a young woman who reported during the incident. Saw the parties walking in to sit and talk at the table. Shocked about what happened Because he didn't think that it would occur on the police station in the midst of many police. Pol.Col. Khanong revealed that before the incident, Chang Phueak Police Station was notified of a quarrel on the rental fee. At Diopeium Hotel, Wiang Bua Road, Chang Phueak Subdistrict, Mueang Chiang Mai District Therefore went to suspend the incident When he arrived, he found that the parties were Miss Su, 29, a Chinese nationality, who rented the room with Mr. Vetra, the owner of the hotel. The two couldn't talk to each other. In which the hotel owner informed me that Miss Soo residue for about 10,000 baht Therefore advise both to negotiate and kill at the police station. It appears that while the seats are negotiated Ms Su claimed that she was not attached to the rent, with a short -term, a pocket knife that was attached to the arms of Mr. Wethra until the relics of the chaos. Data because Miss Su uses English to communicate Which initially knew that he had been in Thailand for over 5 years Most recently, renting a room at a famous hotel for almost a year. Miss Su claimed that the owner of the hotel or the hotel staff secretly put poison in drinking water several times. Until the latter, when drinking water, will cause hot flashes Claiming to be paranoid, those around him will hurt Therefore have to protect themselves. Initially, the inquiry official will send to find a drug and assess the mental condition. Before reporting charges of assault on others, causing injuries
Collecting husband-wifeSteal patrolFound a history in and out of prison many times|Collecting husband-wife Steal patrol In and out of prison many times Not yet scared on February 19, 2022, Col. Jiraphat Phromsitkarn, Director of the Tao Poon Police Station, revealed the arrest of Mr. Supakorn or Jo, 29 years old and Nos Aom, 35 years old, the accused in the case. According to the 10th February 65, there was a victim who owns a house. In Soi Suksakit Khlong Phet Road Subdistrict-Bang Sue District Traveled to report that Being leverage the house Demolt the gold weighing about 5 baht and the bank notes, about 50,000 baht and the CCTV in the house. Later, Pol. Maj. Suradet Chatthai With police officers Check the images from nearby CCTV. Found a criminal, a man aged about 30 years, wearing a black long -sleeved shirt Wear long pants Black sneakers, white stripe Wearing a black cap With white letters Climb the fence into the house and climb before going to the white and white motorcycle. Not attached to the license plate Until he learned that the criminal fled to the dormitory in Soi Khlong Luang 18, then about 1 hour escaped from the dormitory The girl is a motorcycle driver, while the criminals ride a taxi to go to the gold shop in Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, to redeem the phone that the woman pledged. By using the proceeds from the burglary at home to redeem Made him aware of the names of the culprit from the investigation guidelines that After the criminal caused the car to drive to the train station Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province Then brought the said locomotive to the train to escape to Sangkha District, Surin Province, until being captured When checking the history of Mr. Supakorn or Jo, it was found that the burglary in public houses. And the government office has come in a bit since the age of 18 years, in and out of the jail many times, not scared Until causing the incident again
Gathering the young baristaFollow the woman until the victim trustsDeceive the car and escape|The Royal Thai Police Befriend the girl to borrow a car before escaping the Crime Suppression Division. Together with the police officers in Khok Khram Police Station together to arrest Mr. Noppadon (Surname), aged 50 years, according to the arrest warrant of the North Bangkok District Court 281/2562, dated May 21, 2019, charged "embezzlement" due to the fucking Before arresting at a shop in Khlong Chet Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province Around the year 2011, Mr. Noppadon, who was a professional, teaching coffee (barista), came to get to know the victims. With the accused being a spoke with a grocery, causing the victim to love enough After that, the accused created trust to a certain extent. The accused often claims that They want to use urgent money. By claiming various problems, which the victim allowed the accused until the year 2018, the accused claimed that Their car is broken. Therefore borrowing the victim's car to use After that, he lifted the car. And escaped from home When the victim asks The accused claimed that the victim's car was broken during use in Chiang Mai. Therefore brought the car to repair at the garage In which the victim is always trying to follow, but the accused returned And after that, unable to contact the accused again The victim then reported the complaint to the investigating officer to prosecute the accused until the officers arrested. Investigated until knowing the location Therefore laid out the nearby observation When the accused appeared Therefore acted as a police officer to arrest Along with informing the rights of the accused And brought the accused to the inquiry official Khok Khram Police Station for further legal proceedings And from the initial testimony Refusing throughout the allegations
Social mother forgivesThe daughter killed the grandmother stuffed the tank.Believe that the mother who is dead will also forgive the grandchildren|Reporters reported that The atmosphere of the soul of Somsri Curtain or Grandma Wan, who was killed by her niece and boyfriend before putting the body into the tank and then dumped in Suphan Buri province. Most recently (20 Feb 65) At 11.00 hrs. At the house rental at Soi Lam. Behind the Samo Rai Temple, Nai Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District, Mrs. Charoen Sri, the mother of Miss A (assumed name), the niece who killed her grandmother, along with Ms. Aravadi, the eldest daughter, a sister of Miss A, traveled from Kaeng Khoi District. Saraburi province in 05.00 by train in order to invite the souls of Grandma Wan Go home at Kaeng Khoi District By inviting monks from Nong Chamok Temple Which is a temple near the scene to help conduct a ceremony to invite the souls of Grandma Wan. The atmosphere is full of sadness. The face and eyes of Mrs. Charoen Sri And Ms. Araradee With grief In which the ceremony has brought the clothes of Yai Wan to put on the white cloth To be a medium for inviting spirits Along with lighting incense, inviting the spirit of Grandma Wan to come to the shirt Before the monk prayed And performed the water host to dedicate the merit to Grandma Wan During which the incense burning invited the souls of the sweet grandmother Mrs. Charoen Si has invited the spirit of Grandma Wan with a trembling voice, "Mae Somsri Curta Krathok, Mae Ja returned home with her children. Don't worry about anything here. Going home to the temple, listen to Dharma. " Before Mrs. Charoen Sri Will bring the white cloth wrapped in a sweet grandmother's shirt and put it in a bag to bring the spirit of Grandma Wan back to perform merit at Kaeng Khoi District by traveling by train by Mrs. Charoen Sri Somsri's daughter revealed that the mother likes to travel by train by traveling to Korat Kaeng Khoi by train regularly. When the mother traveled to death in Korat by train So he would take his mother home by train as well. After finishing the mother's funeral, she will travel to Korat again. In order to transport the belongings of the mother who is still in Korat Which has many clothes, belongings, appliances Including the motorcycle that the mother used to pick up and send her niece to school by Mrs. Charoen Sri Also revealed that If the mother's spirit can actually know Probably forgive and forgive Ms. A Because of being mother as well He can also forgive Ms. A. Which now he has the opportunity to visit Ms. Akan one at the observation center Which Ms. A told her that Admit wrong and regret this action In which he was a mother Would like to ask society Don't attack you more than this. If possible, would like the society to forgive Ms. A For Miss A to have the opportunity to make excuses with society again. Take the train at 136 by leaving Nakhon Ratchasima Railway Station at 12.33 hrs. By arriving at Kaeng Khoi Railway Station at about 14.40 hrs.
Collecting a young man, tattooing, motorcycle, customer when he fell asleepHas caused more than 20 vehicles|The Royal Thai Police arrested a tattoo artist, stealing motorcycles, customers Check the history of the case of the Crime Suppression Division. The Central Investigation Bureau arresting Mr. War (Sanguan surname), 33 years old, the accused in the Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 615/2563, dated 3 December 2020, which must be committed to the offense. "Steal in the Hong Hong" by arresting at the front of a food shop, Theprak Road, Tha Raeng Subdistrict, Bang Khen District, Bangkok Due to the 5th of November 2020, the day of the incident, Mr. Warathi or "Blue Yaowarat", the accused who was a tattooing profession Was hired by the injured Nat, who was a junior friend Let him go to the condo at Rattanathibet Road, Bang Rak Yai Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province. The accused then stolen the keys and motorcycles. Drive away Later, the inquiry official Bang Bua Thong Provincial Police Station Have collected evidence to request an arrest warrant. Later, the police officer Kor Kor 1, the Police Department, investigated until knowing the housing. The police officers arrested and therefore planned. And traveled to wait for the margar to find the accused Therefore showed himself and arrested Delivered to the investigation officer of Bang Bua Thong police station to prosecute according to the law Basic testimony The accused confessed throughout the allegations. The investigation found that the accused had had a history of motorcycle burglary. In the area of Nonthaburi province, more than 20 cars and had previously joined the robbery Compete for more than 15 mobile phones using a knife weapon, including the case and possession of many other drugs Has a total history of prison, totaling 9 times, which has recently been arrested by the 2nd Army. On January 10, 2019 and not long before the incident.
Powerful wearing!The brutal monk fired a gun to shoot the villagers.Had to crawl awaySearching for the cloister|The brutal monk fired a gun to shoot the villagers. Have to crawl away and escape After the conflict of land Searching for the cubicle (20 Feb 65) at approximately 11.30 hrs. Mr. Chaiwat Suebpong Ua Kamnan, Pang Mu Subdistrict, Mueang District, Mae Hong Son Subdistrict, was informed by Mr. Pongsathorn Sirirat, Ban Mai Village No. 5, Tor. Pang Pig, Muang District, Mae Hong Son Province, that there is a monk at Doi Cha Ti Temple. Located adjacent to the Huai Pong Khae Nation Park, Village No. 5, Pang Pig Subdistrict, shooting a gun at the villagers and Mrs. Prapin Kaewthongma, assistant village headman, Village No. 5, therefore informed Pol. Na, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Muang Mae Hong Son And rushed to the scene when he arrived At the said monastery Can not find the monk Knowing that he had fled with an unknown firearm with a police officer Therefore, the search in the cubicle found 4 BB guns, consisting of 3 BB guns similar to the M16 guns and the BB gun is a .45 mm. 1 cylinder, in which the number of guns has a gun -shaped gun that has been modified, can shoot the actual ammunition, the remaining 1 has not been modified. In addition, a large amount of devices for modifying BB guns in the said cubicle. Pol.Lt.Col. Muang Mae Hong Son Police Station Inspected the area of the incident, found a BB -shaped gun, modified, put in the .380 inches of ammunition, falling at the scene of the scene, the gun scrubbing the camera and a bullet in the fire. Close to the point where the gun was found 1 .380 inches of. 380 inches shells were found on the floor. And at the house of the people near the house, there was 1 bullet at the tree beside the house, another incident, the bullet and the shell shell could not be found due to grass and weeds covering the solid ground. In addition to the short pistols, more than 1 feet were found, 1 book, near the short -lenses. The police officers and the village headman Pang Mu Subdistrict Traveled to pick up the 50 -year -old Phra Chuea at Wat Pa Ban Mai Brought to the basic interrogation. Therefore using his gun to retaliate And would like to consult the lawyer Mrs. Prapin Kaewthongma, assistant village headman, Village No. 5, Pang Mu Subdistrict, Mueang District, Mae Hong Son Province, revealed that at the time of the incident The monks at the Doi Cha Ti Monastery, with 4 monks bringing the monks to clear the hills opposite the villagers' houses. And claiming that the said area belongs to the temple, do not invade both at the said point Outside the temple area And the land owner Gave the villagers to live in the entrance-exit route The village and while he tried to explain that the area Not the area of the monk, but the ruler said that the monk had drawn a pistol to shoot at him, causing the villagers to be with them to bake on the ground and crawl away from the point. But no one was injured or shot in any way. After that, he called to inform the village headman. Pol. Maj. Gen. Kittiphum Kanji, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Muang Mae Hong Son stated that the police officers are now investigating. Detained the monk to feel in order to bring to make a plan at the scene What will the case look like? Is at the evidence at the scene and environmental witnesses Including the victim who was shot at Which the staff will give fairness to all parties
Until the angle is "green haired robber", a 20 -year -old boy deceived the victim through the app to find a coupleCompleted the burglary|Until the angle is "green haired robber", deceiving the victims through the app to find a couple Completed the burglary The injured person reported almost 10 police officers at 23.00 hrs. (20 Feb 65) Maj. Gen. Atthaphon Anusit, Commander in Chief 2, received a rail from Col. Col. General Toya, Director of the Civil Service Commission, 2, by Pol.Lt.Col. Sutthidet Orani, Deputy Director of the Civil Service Commission, Police 2, Pol.Col. SorBor. 2, together with Col. Sutisak Phiriyapinyo, Director of Sutthisan Police Station, Pol.Col. Pol.Col. Anan Chansri, Sor.P. Suthisarn Police Station And the Investigation Department, SorBorKor. 2, Sutthisan Police Station Investigation Jointly arrested Mr Supachok, 20 years old, accused of arrest warrant Min Buri Criminal Court at 65/2012, Down 24 January 2022, charged with burglary in the residence. At night By arresting the Hua Khong community and Khlong Toei District, Bangkok at 16.30 hrs. In the past, because on January 18, 2022, the victim traveled to report to the Sutthisan police officers that there were colored hair criminals. Green causing burglary Inside a dormitory in Inthai area By sneaking in to pick up the spare keys of the dormitory before patrolling into the dormitory The total value of over 40,000 baht and then escaped from there. Investigation Department, SorBorKor. 2, together with the investigation department, Sutthisan Police Station has entered the area to find news and know that this criminal is Mr. Supachok or James, 20 years old or a green haired thief Which escaped to the curved head community The sub -district and Khlong Toei District, Bangkok, therefore coordinated the investigative staff of the Port Police Station to inspect until found Mr. Supachok. Walking in the community, then showed himself and arrested him to investigate at the Suthisan Police Station. From the investigation, it was found that the green haired robbers were accused. Causing burglary in many areas Which will do to apply for a job Or stay in the dormitory Or meet with a young woman A group of male lovers in the app, find a couple, eat or go to sleep. From then, it will rely on the moment that the victim is inadvertently. Secretly stolen assets and fled The property that the accused is often a mobile phone, tap, cash, gold, including motorcycles. Which if it is a mobile phone Top tablets will sell the Tiger Pa area. Or post on Facebook at a cheap price The proceeds will take personal expenses. According to the inspection of the authorities, it was found that the injured person was caused by the same type of hair color, which is the unique hair color of Mr. Supachok. Reported to many different police station, Dusit Police Station 1, 1 Min Buri Police Station, Phahonyothin Police Station, 2 cases, Prachachuen Police Station 1, Sutthisan Police Station 1
My daughter is heartbroken, the father stood, pressing the ATMs.|Sadly, the daughter posted a clip of father standing at ATM. Two cars collided with each other and losing the principle of bumping into the father. "The most hurt when knowing that The car that hit our father until died. Is an ambulance. "Facebook, famous fan page, Drama-Addict shared a video clip of an ambulance crashing with a pickup truck that drove the front. Causing the ambulance to go to the father of the clip, who was pressing the money at the ATM, said the clip revealed that the event that the owner of the clip was pressing the money at the ATM. During that time, the ambulance was driving. Then was cut by the front of the pickup truck As it rains, the road is slippery when the car crashed, causing the ambulance to break, swept away, bumping into his father immediately, with one of the clips of the clip stating, "Father stood, pressing the money at ATM. There were two cars. Collided and lost the principle. Our father, our father, the car that drove the father is an ambulance of the hospital. (There are no patients in the car. Children aged 16) Drive in front of the road, slippery, because the rain has just stopped. Both cars collided at the intersection. Without slowing down their negligence Our father suddenly passed away. I would like to record it as a memory. And remind yourself to live carelessly The most hurt when I knew that The car that hit our father until died. Is an ambulance "
The girl weeps, hugging her mother.Can only sell accounts to the call center gang, but have to go to jail for many years|The illustration of the girl sells the call center gang for only 500. Finally, have to go to jail for many years. Hugging the mother, crying yesterday (21 Feb), Lawyer Keng Narubdin, Sri Siwara posted a video clip While a young woman hugged her mother crying After selling accounts to the call center gang Which received only 500 baht wage, but in the end, I had to go to jail by posting that "Mother's saying While the police officer of the lawyer was arrested (the case of Boss Joe, a young woman, Petch Ban Phaeng) "Go to pay for the karma that we created ... in prison." Because the daughter hired to open an account for the call center gang, with only 500 baht, but had to go to jail for many years If the people in your house have been hired to open an account Hurry to notify the bank to close now, otherwise it will be in jail like this person. With good intentions from the lawyer of Keng for Thailand, Zone 2, Khon Kaen, shared a lot. As an example Follow the progress of the case. Hope that tomorrow will catch more Click to follow via Facebook. "For horse accounts or accounting trading for criminals to use to deceive people. Regarded as an offense Money Laundering Act With imprisonment not exceeding three years Or a fine not exceeding 60,000 baht or both
"Pol.The prosecutor ordered 9 charges of the Big Big Big "fog" died.|The prosecutor ordered 9 charges. "S.Naree Wit", racing Big Big "Mok Rai" while crossing the crosswalk, died and asked the court to order the car. Including revocation and suspension of driver's license, reporters reported that today (22 Feb), Police Major General Nariwit, Bualuang, Police Division, Corporate and Control, or OCSC to listen to the case. At the Office of the Attorney General In the case of driving a Big Bike Women's Doctor Waralak Suphat Jariyakul or Misty Medical Expert in Ophthalmology Department of Ophthalmology Faculty of Medicine Chulalongkorn University died while crossing the crosswalk by this case. The inquiry official reported the allegations to 9 accused, namely, Mr. Itthiporn Kaewthip, spokesman for the Office of the Attorney General, confirming the prosecutors. Which will send himself with the case to continue to sue the Criminal Court. The prosecutor also requested the court to confess the motorcycle. As well as requesting the court to revoke and suspend the driver's license of Police Lieutenant Colonel Nareewit according to the law by at the discretion of the court, while Mr. Prayut Petkhun, Deputy Spokesman of the Attorney General, emphasized that this case, the prosecutor informed The deceased family The right to claim damages under the Criminal Procedure Code, Section 44/1, although the family has already submitted a demand for damages to the Civil Court.
Collecting 1 in 3 criminals to attack the car.Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization"Black Kuman-Kumarn White" is still fleeing.|Collecting 1 in 3 criminals to attack the car. Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization The other 2 participants nicknamed "Kumar Dam-Kumarn Khao" also escaped from the case of 15 Feb 65 at approximately 21.20 hrs., Pak Tho-Toei Road, Si Chula Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Nayok Province. At least 2 criminals used the war weapons to shoot the car of the Prime Minister of Bang Somboon Subdistrict, Nakhon Nayok Province, causing the driver and Deputy Prime Minister of Bang Somboon Subdistrict. Died at the scene of 2 people. The Prime Minister of Bang Somboon Subdistrict and the followers were injured. Survived miraculously after the incident, the investigation officer of Dong Drama Police Station, Police Station 2, the Police Station, Nakhon Nayok Province Together with the probation officer in Nakhon Nayok Province to investigate the incident A bullet and a large number of 7.62 mm bullets were found in the scene of the incident. And found important evidence Is the front camera Can record the scene at the time of the camera. At the time of the incident, the group of people used the Mitsubishi brand car. Silver-gray color Unknown registration Drive the car of the Prime Minister and use the war weapon to shoot 2 invested before the Prime Minister's car will lose down the side of the road. From the initial investigation The scene of the accident does not have a CCTV. And is the route back to the Prime Minister's house Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization The plan of the committee showed The planning is well. In this case, the criminal committed the incident, challenged the law, Pol. Maj. Police officers, Hanuman Special Operations, Burapha 491 and the Police Station 2, bringing the power to investigate the criminal who caused the crime. After entering the investigation area, collecting evidence, knowing 3 people, special investigations Therefore gathered evidence for the approval of the Nakhon Nayok Provincial Court Issued an arrest warrant for all 3 suspects: 1. Mr. Rattaphon Tan Suwannarat or "Big" or "Kumar Khao", 35 years old, according to the arrest warrant of Nakhon Nayok, 23/2012, dated 21 Feb 65, charged with killing others. By Tri Ton first, jointly trying to kill others By pretending to have a firearm that the registrar cannot issue a license, shooting in the city, village or public way without reasonable cause, carrying firearms in the city, village or public way without receiving. allow Without a reasonable "(escape) 2. Mr. Phurawatt Nimruang or" Ot "or" Kumar Dam "under the arrest warrant of Nakhon Nayok, 22/2012 dated 21 Feb 65, charged with" together to kill Others By Tri Ton first, jointly trying to kill others By pretending to have a firearm that the registrar cannot issue a license, shooting in the city Village or public way Without reasonable cause, together to carry firearms in the city, village or public way without permission Without a reasonable "(escape) 3. Mr. Thawatchai Srichan or" Watcha "aged 48 years according to the arrest warrant of Nakhon Nayok, 24/2565, dated 21 Feb 65, charged" together to kill others by Tri First, try to kill others by premiere first. "(Arrested) later on 22 Feb 65 at approximately 06.30 hrs. Special Operations" Hanuman "and" Burapha 491 "Opened Poo Operation. Carpets into the area Search and hide the 3 weapons. 1. House No. 44, Village No. 11, Bang Somboon Subdistrict, Ongkharak District, Nakhon Nayok Province, according to the search warrant of Nakhon Nayok Provincial Court at C. 7/2012, dated 21 Feb 65. Mr. Ratthaphon Tan Suwannarat or "Big" or "Kumar Khao" only found his wife, who testified to the officer that the government has left the house since 19 Feb 65, discovered the telephone of Mr. Rattana. General That is used to leave at home And discovered the Sease brand pistol box But inside the box did not find firearms Which was informed that he was with And seized the Honda brand HRV, registration number 3, Feb. 5180, Bangkok, which is the car that the accused drive to change the car before going to the incident. 2. The house is not attached to the number at Bang Somboon Sub -district, Ongkharak District, Nakhon Nayok Province, according to the search warrant of Nakhon Nayok Provincial Court at C. 8/2012, dated 21 Feb 65, no Mr. Phurawatt Nimruang or "Ot" or "Black Kuman" asked the person in the neighborhood and found that he had escaped from the house 3. House No. 41, Village No. 4, Si Chula Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Nayok District, Nakhon Nayok Province, according to the search warrant of Nakhon Nayok Provincial Court at C. 9/2012, dated 21 February 65, met Mr Thawatchai Sri Chan or "Watcha", the accused. The arrest warrant is in the house. Therefore arrested and reported the allegations under the arrest warrant Before searching for the house, found 1) 1 single -shotgun brand, COMMANDO brand, size 12, 2) 1 COLT brand, 9 mm, 3 -cylinder, 3) 4 shotgun ammunition, 4 matches, 4 matches ) A bullet of the .38 size, 20 shots, 5) GPS uses 1 car tracking. 6) 1 fake license plate claims to be collected. In the arrest class But admitted that he was an arrest warrant and never Arrested first From inquiring about the incident on the day of the incident, he claimed that he Eat pork pan with Mr. Ratthaphon, and at the time of the incident, went to see the scene where the Prime Minister Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization Was shot with war weapons Is not the one who has caused the incident in any way And admitted that he was intimate with Mr. Prasopchok, Mr. Rattaphon, Mr. Phurawatt and himself, was the applicant of the Sri Chula Subdistrict Administrative Organization, Nakhon Nayok Province, but had not been selected after the search and arrest. Bringing Mr Thawatchai with the belongings to the investigation officer of Dong Drama Police Station, Nakhon Nayok Province, prosecuted in accordance with the law.
The court sentenced to lifeThe neighbor killed the head of the house worker "Jazz Chuan Chuen"|Lawyer Tum revealed that the Criminal Court sentenced to life imprisonment. The young man beside the house smashed his subordinates. "Jazz Chuan Chuen" died after becoming a famous case in 2019, in the case of Mr. Pornchai, aged 35, a worker of Mrs. Chananphon Phromyot, the mother of Ms. Punna Saromyot or Chaeng and is a mother -in -law, Mr. Phadung Songsaeng or Jazz Chuan Chuan Chuen, the famous Mr. Setthawut (reserved surname), 36 years old, using a plant to smash his head until he died in front of the house. Which is located within Soi Nimit Mai 14, Kong Sai Subdistrict, Khlong Sam Wa District, Bangkok. Later, Min Buri Provincial Court approved an arrest warrant Until Mr. Setthawut Traveled to surrender today (23 February), Mr. Sitra Khwang, or lawyer, Secretary -General Post a message via Facebook stating that "#Dellage life imprisonment The criminal smashed the head of the jazz worker. Today at the Min Buri Criminal Court Make an appointment to read the judgment of the case that Mr. Sethawut Is a defendant in the case of the killing of the Chuan Chuen Jazz worker by taking the tree pot to smash his head until he died. The incident occurred on July 15, 2019, with the court that The defendant is guilty of killing others intentionally imprisoned for life. The defendant gave the benefit to reduce the penalty 1 in 3 to imprisonment for 33 years, 4 months, carrying firearms without permission, imprisoned for 2 years, reduced to 1 year, totaling 34 years, 4 months and a firearm. "
"Black Kuman" surrendered the case of a shot to attack the President of Bang Somboon Subdistrict, while the "white child" is still no trace.|The progress of the criminal firing the van of Mr. Nonkorn To Prayoon, President of Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization Seriously injured. Mr. Somchai Muangkat, 63, Deputy Prime Minister of Bang Somboon Subdistrict, and Mr. Watchara Nuch Daeng, 52 years old, the driver was shot dead on February 14 at Pak Thom Bang Road. Prang-Toey Noi, Si Chula Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Nayok District Nakhon Nayok province after the incident, the police gather evidence. Submit a request for approval of Nakhon Nayok Provincial Court. Issuing an arrest warrant for 3 suspects, namely Mr. Ratthaphon, the nickname "Kumar Khao", Mr. Phurawattha, "Kumar Dam" and Mr Thawatchai. Today, at 10.15 hrs. Reporters have been reported that Mr. Phurawatt or "Bud" nickname "Black Kuman", 52 years old, who has a real brother of the former Prime Minister of Bang Somboon Subdistrict Previously, he was in the process of fleeing the arrest warrant. In the base of the offense together, killing others, predicted first, jointly trying to kill others, predicted, together with firearms, war, where the registrar cannot issue a license, shooting in the city, village or public way. There is no reason, together to carry firearms in the city, village or public way without permission. Without reasonable cause Contact to surrender to the Dong Drama Police Station, which will travel with a red sedan. At 10.35 hrs. Mr. Phurawattle arrived at Dong Drama Police Station with a red sedan according to the information received. come Which Mr Phurawatt confirmed that No involved And not involved in any way At the same time, the relatives of Mr. Phurawatt Who traveled to encourage at Dong Drama police station, confirmed in one voice that Mr Phurawatt is definitely not involved in the said events. The lawyer of Mr. Phurawatt confirmed that he had not escaped to set up. But who came to surrender today because just know that an arrest warrant then surrendered to fight the case And show sincerity Ready to emphasize that Mr Phurawatt has not been involved or seen in any way, while the director of Dong Drama police station confirmed that The fact that Mr Phurawatt walked to meet the police today. Not surrendering, but an arrest of an arrest warrant Since the arrest warrant was issued earlier Currently, the police are in the process of interrogation, Mr. Phurawatt. Inside the investigation room of Dong Drama Police Station to find the connection with the incident. Reporters have also received additional reports that Mr. Phurawatt or "Kumar Khao" has had a history of drug jail for 3 rounds, totaling almost 20 years in prison. Able to arrest on 22 February on the charge of "jointly killed others by premiere, jointly trying to kill others first." Previously refused to all But when the police kicked the exam overnight overnight Mr Thawatchai began to spit out the secret. Because surrendered with evidence of the police revealed that Mr Thawatchai gave benefit to the case. By accepting that it is involved in the procurement of witnesses to deliver to the offender In the morning, the wife of the sister -in -law and grandchildren, along with the lawyer visiting At the same time, while relatives visit Mr Thawatchai talked through the prison room to the relatives stating "want to die" but the relatives said that "Do not think like that to keep fighting" which this afternoon The police will be imprisoned by Mr Thawatchai to the Nakhon Nayok Provincial Court. The follow -up of another important suspect is Mr. Ratthaphon or Mr. Big Cha "Kumarn Khao" as a former employee. Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization Which has been working since the time of the former prime minister Bang Somboon Subdistrict Administrative Organization is a position and has just resigned on February 18, which is the person who fired a firearm to shoot a firearm. Until causing 2 deaths
Collecting the president of the football clubLarge gambling website ownerBillions of revolving funds|Police General Damrongsak Kitti Praphat Deputy Commander of the National Police Together with the police, Crime Suppression Center, Information Technology or PCT, detained the president of the large football club in the south. That was arrested from illegal acts Point out a white multi -purpose car parked inside the Royal Thai Police Which is one of the items that are attached to inspect Before taking to investigate the additional word in the PCT Center, Police General Damrongsak revealed that the 4th operations of PCT to arrest Poo, must be found at Don Mueang Airport. While going to board the plane to Songkhla Which the said arrest It was expanded from the arrest of a gambling website named "Gimi88" in Khao Rup Chang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Songkhla Province, who arrested 46 suspects on February 8. And from the investigation Found 2 important characters, namely this accused That is the president of a football club And another partner Therefore asked the court to issue an arrest warrant for the initial investigation Accept that the past had been involved in real gambling websites But now has not been involved for a long time Which is the right of the accused to testify While the police gather evidence and check the financial route Until found the connection with this accused And from the inspection can say that The accused is the owner of the said gambling website with a revolving money of over 1 billion baht. However, the inspection has not been found that The accused uses the money from gambling to use money laundering in the football club. Or used to fall on the ball And still not found that Has applied to prepare to play politics for a political party According to the media as well After this, will accelerate the inspection to expand the relevant parties. As well as following the arrest of 1 arrest warrant. There are news reports that The accused was Mr. Chonnaphat Naga or "Krit", the president of the "Nakhon Si United" football club, who had just been responsible for the club's president 2 years ago.
The 18-year-old grandson killed a brutal grandmother.Causing the incident to sit and wash the back of the house|The 18-year-old nephew killed the brutal grandmother of the eye-cutting eye. Veluwan police station Along with the police proven 4 Multi Sawangsawang Khon Kaen Samakkhi Uthit Investigate the killings in the house, No. 174, Village No. 1, Non Chor Subdistrict, Non Khon Subdistrict, Mueang District, Khon Kaen Province. The bedroom on the ground floor, found the body of Mrs. Mayuree or Grandma Joi, 63 years old, died face. On the mattress, there was full blood flowing. The corpse condition of the right eye area Being teeth with many wounds until the eyes fell out of the socket The right wrist was almost broken. The fingers are cut out of the 5 -inch and 5 -inch left fingers. The sharp objects are cut almost to each other. Later, the police detained Phuriphat or Shogun, 18 years old, in the back of the house. Which is washing Mr Phuriphat confessed to be the person who killed the real grandmother. Mr. Suwan Saenkul, 64 years old, said that his own house was opposite the house where the incident occurred. So he asked if he had attacked Grandma Cho or not, with 2 times, so said that he had attacked Grandma Joi until coming home, so found that Being attacked Therefore quickly informed the police to arrest him Which Mr. Shogun had previously attacked Grandma Jo Until having to sleep in the hospital for 2 nights until the tragedy of this time. The family has come to raise because they are separated. Until Mr Shogun went to get addicted to amphetamines Which will ask for 300-400 baht per time. If not, then will hurt Grandma by previously Must notify the police to detain After that, he was healed, but in the end, when he left the hospital, he didn't accept the drug. In the evening, in the evening, the nephew would use amphetamines to eat. Until today that he came out of the house By allowing his own grandchildren to be with two grandmother After that, the grandchildren could not cause madness or ask for money. Therefore acted on the said tragic incident. Later, the police brought Mr. Phuriphat to interrogate By still circulating, but pointed out the point where the knife was collected after the incident The police proven the 4 evidence collected DNA samples at the knife, including Mr. Phuriphat. And the incident area Along with the clothes that Mr. Phuriphat was washed in the washing machine To keep as evidence Before bringing Mr. Phuriphat to interrogate more at Weluwan police station again before the allegations were reported. While the police detained the car Mr Phuriphat said that he had an inferiority complex.
Collected!The security guards raped 9 years old. Threatening to kill, do not bring the story|The female security shouts "Pawena", a 9 -year -old daughter, being hit by a new boyfriend. Threatening to kill, do not tell anyone in the police, collecting the court of the Court of 28 February 28, due to 21 Feb 65, Mrs. Ann (name is assumed). Suppose) The 9 -year -old daughter complained to Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Foundation, stated that she was a single mother. Work as a security guard Get to know Mr. Ram (a fictional name), aged 48, for a period of 1 month before coming to live. In which he and Mr Ram were on duty Alternately come back to sleep at home Later, he noticed his daughter had abnormal symptoms. Afraid of Mr. Ram at the time of being together and on December 21, 64, Miss B told that Being sexually abused by Mr Ram And threatening to kill if the story is told He then brought the child to report at Prachachuen Police Station. After that, Mr Ram Trying to make people ask for mediation, but she refuses after Mrs. Pawina was notified of Has coordinated to Police Colonel Prasop Chok Iamphinit, Director of Prachachuen Police Station By assigning Pol.Lt.Gen. Thammaphon Wongchanphen, Deputy Director of the Investigation Accepting the matter and conducting an appointment for a multidisciplinary team for the exam of Miss B. Today (27 Feb 65), the investigation officer of Prachachuen Police Station, submitted an arrest warrant for Mr. Ram Hospital. And can follow and arrest In which the officer reported the charges Thirteen years of obscenity by using an object or genitals, which does not intrusive genitals of children The police will bring Mr. Ram to deposit the court. Monday, February 28, Mrs. Pawina said that the case of the offender is a security guard (security guard), which is an important event to maintain. Safe for the people Therefore, the security guards should be tightened to recruit security, reliable security, should have a history check before accepting. And must be touched while performing duties There is a strict meeting so that the company can be trusted and refuge for the true people.
People come to cleanMeet the wife's wife became a corpse.The husband disappeared with 2 children.|People come to clean in the morning. Meet the 34 -year -old homemaker, became a corpse in the bedroom. The husband disappeared with 2 children (27 Feb 65), police officers at Ban Du Police Station, Muang District, Chiang Rai Province, was notified of the incident. Shot dead At the house number 310, Ban Pa Bong, Village No. 9, Ban Du Subdistrict, Mueang District, Chiang Rai Province, therefore reported to Police Colonel Peerapat Bun Phuttha, Director of Ban Du Police Station, and informing Pol. Col. Wanchai Chindawan, an inquiry officer at Ban Du Police Station And doctors at Chiang Rai Hospital Before going to inspect the scene When arriving as a one -story house In which the bedroom found the body of Miss Swas, 34 years old, lying on his back, died in the room The condition of blood flow from the occiput. Close to each other, found a 9 mm gun shell, 1 shot in the bed in the room, a hole collapsed 1 hole. The authorities have collected evidence at the scene from the interrogation of Ms. Siriporn, age 34. Year of Bangkok, who is a close friend of the deceased And often came to clean the house in the morning, learned that on the evening of 26 February 65, Mr Daeng (the hypothetical name), the husband of Miss Sawras, who sat with a drink with friends. Before he returned home and in the morning he returned to clean the house as usual But found that the front door was left open Therefore walked into the house but did not find anyone, so opened the small bedroom door into the room Saw the foot of the deceased emerged Therefore went to see and saw the body of the deceased After that, he quickly came out and informed the police. Initially, Pol. Col. Peerapat Bun Phuttha said that the cause of the death is expected that the culprit is probably the husband of the deceased. Due to disappear from the house with 2 children, 4 years old and 5 years from the interrogation, knowing that before the incident, Mr Daeng (the hypothetical), the deceased husband, set up a group of drinking with friends After that, it was disperseed to find that Miss Sawras had died, which was known that Mr Daeng had a habit of hot -tempered emotions after drinking and may not be discussed. climb Causing the use of firearms inside the house to cause the said incident Initially, the authorities will issue an arrest warrant for the culprit. In order to investigate and prosecute the legal procedures further
Mae Watermelon shocked, found a mystery CD-writing strange letters.Inserted into the room|Mae Watermelon revealed that a mysterious CD was found and written a strange letter being inserted into the room. Believed to intimidate the daughter's case from the case of a famous actress, Melon Nida Patcharaweerapong, fell into a speed boat, drowning the Chao Phraya River The incident occurred in the middle of the night of February 24, until about 13.00 hrs. Of the 26th February, found the draft of the actress floating in the middle of the Chao Phraya River. Phibun Songkhram 1, Muang District, Nonthaburi Province, using a total of 39 hours to search, as has been proposed. Today, today (27 Feb), Mrs. Phanida Sirayithin, the mother of the watermelon Nida Phatchara Wiraphong revealed after traveling to give additional testimony to request that Last morning At the front of the apartment's room, there was a puzzle CD inserted into the room door, which, when he opened it, found that the CD was the metallica's CD. Famous hardcore band When picked up in detail, it was found that the cover of the CD, which has many folding length Was written with a strange character that could not be read Almost every page has been kept as evidence to report to the police to check that Who is the leader inserted through the door? Personally, the CD was not daring to open it because he was afraid that he would attach the image or anything inappropriate. Mrs. Panida said that this was a criminal person who brought the CD to the door of his room. In this situation, he believed that it was intimidating him to speak or be fascinated by the death of his daughter for sure. Once he lost his daughter and tried to follow the case, it happened like this. Although he did not oppose this But also surprised that the officers allowed both boat drivers to bail out in the amount of only 200,000 baht per person
The young engineer racing a sedan hit the pillar.Pinter the road swept offBeing attacked by a dead child|The young engineer racing a sedan hit the pillar. The body of the road swept off the road. Being attacked by a dead child The police have to hurry to take the scene at 05.00 hrs. (28 Feb 65), Police Lieutenant Noppawong Chom, Deputy Deputy Deputy Minister (Ror.) The way before the people died. In front of the Kanchanaphisek-Rama 2, heading to Phra Samut Chedi Kanchanaphisek Road, Samae Dam Subdistrict, Bang Khun Thian District, Bangkok. On Kanchanaphisek Road, the way to deviate from the main lane In order to enter the ticket payment checkpoint Which is a reinforcement checkpoint The officer found the body of Mrs. Naree, 58 years old, staff sweeping the road. Bang Khun Thian District Office Crushed corpses Lying face down in a uniform, wearing a green reflective shirt in front of the Mazda brand CX-5, registration 9, 8330, Bangkok. The parties are 46 years old. He has a career as a mechanical engineer. Before the incident drove out of the Taling Chan's residence Is about to head up the expressway to check the work at Phra Samut Chedi District Samut Prakan Province At the point of the incident, which was deviated from the main channel Enter the additional money collection checkpoint. He did not know that the said channel was not yet open for use. Causing him to not see that there was a metal pole blocking the road Therefore crashed into full force Before dragging Naree's body that was sweeping the road At the back of the pillar Dragging the body more than 50 meters far until dying at the scene of the incident, there was a report that while Mr Phubet told the incident Let the police listen The back of the car itself appears that relatives And the friend of the deceased came to see the scene of almost 30 people. Of the deceased Saw the mother's body Then abandoned and cried And showing a furious symptoms to attack The driver of the parties Causing the officers to hurry to bring Mr Phu Bet to the car to the investigation officer of Tha Kham Police Station to interrogate and proceed according to the law
Teenagers are on one face.Can't fight the opponentSleep dead in the middle of the road, 2 bodies|The most illegal teenager Can't fight, friends who come with Sleep dead in the middle of the road 2 bodies at 23.30 hrs. (27 Feb 65), Capt. Chakkong Nuchphat, Deputy Deputy Investigation of Lam Luk Ka Police Station, was notified of 2 teenagers being shot dead in the area. Village No. 18, Ann 7-8 heading to Khlong 7 (Behind Thanyaphon Temple) Lam Luk Ka Subdistrict, Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani Province, then went to the scene, along with Col. Wiwat Asawawibun, Director of Lam Luk Ka Police Station Pol.Lt.Col. Police officers Police officers investigated Lam Luk Ka Police Station. The police proven evidence. 1 Doctor of Lam Luk Ka Hospital And the Volunteer of the Rom Sai Foundation, Lam Luk Ka, where the incident occurred, found two men, knowing the name of Mr. Nonkarn or Mok, 18 years old, was shot with unknown firearms in the chest 2 wounds in the middle of 5 wounds and Mr. Phurdej or Big, 25 years old, was shot with an unknown firearm in the mouth 1, 1 right cheek wound, 3 right shoulders, 3 wounds, right waist, 2 wounds, and in the scene of the Honda brand motorcycle found Wave 125, red, registration number 899, Bangkok is overturned. 1 side of the shotgun number 12 2 casing from the inquiry of Mrs. Duenphen (Reserved surname), 35 years old, relatives of Mr. Mok Said that Mick had a fight with Prem, but Prem couldn't fight, so there was an appointment again. By punching one -on -one to end and have an appointment at Khlong Sip Which he told the children And then do not have to go because the opposite side must have something If going to meet at Khlong Eight, which they came and they followed later. Which said to punch each other, apologize to end The opposite side of the Mike stands in 3 people and Mik walked into the friend, which Prem said hey, do you hit me? Which all three friends will come to help friends And Big said that he couldn't bump? Then the side that had the story pulled the gun out to shoot. Mike has a career to sell shrimp. Big is applying for a job. Many of them came with 1 Honda Jazz sedan. As for the 18 -year -old youth, he said that he was a friend of Mike, who had a problem with the group of people. And today we meet at a convenience store at Khlong Chet until the fight Which the gunman refused to ask to punch one face But the opposite side couldn't fight, so he fired a gun at the dead group Police Colonel Wiwat Asawawibun, Director of Lam Luk Ka Police Station After investigating the incident, the investigative officers took a photo as evidence and led all the people who saw the incident to investigate at Lam Luk Ka police station. Follow the gunman group And have the staff of the Rom Sai Lam Luk Ka Foundation Bring the two deaths to the autopsy at the Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Medical Center Hospital again (Khlong 16) again.
Drunk police sword in the peace meeting roomNew gun showFired at friends|Drunk police sword in the peace meeting room New gun show Fired at the latest friend, the Commander in Chief of the Ministry of Public Health has left the government (28 Feb 65) at the Royal Thai Police (Police) Maj. Gen. Yingyot Thep Chamnong, spokesman for the police. In the event of a shot on the meeting room, 6th floor, the Special Branch Police Division 1, Setthasiri Road, Thanon Nakhon Chai Si Subdistrict, Dusit District, Bangkok, where the incident occurred at the meeting room by Pol. .3, 51 years old, 51 years old, drunk, shot into the sky, and Pol. Wararit Bunprom, Commander in Chief of the Kor Kor Kor Kor 3, aged 50 years, who is a colleague. To stop the incident Until being shot in the left -sided man's area Injured and sent to Vachira Hospital But later died Pol.Lt.Gen. Surapong Thanomchit, Commander in Chief of the SSO, was informed of the said incident report. Ready to report Pol.Gen. As well as ordered all supervisors to look after The subordinate closely In order to prevent this from this cause. In addition, the origin The Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief has ordered the police to send the incident to the Dusit Police Station and sent to detain in the cell. To prosecute Killed others immediately, and at the same time, the Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief. As well as reporting the cause of the Commander in Chief
Mae Watermelon carried additional evidence to the police.Still fascinated, believing the child being molerated until it fell into the boat|Mother "Watermelon Nida" brought an article on the online media to the police to consider. After still being fascinated, believing that the child was molerated until the boat died. Not yet ready to meet all 5 friends in the boat, Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin Mum of Watermelon Nida or Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong, a famous actress Which fell into a speed boat in the middle of the Chao Phraya River Before finding the body on February 26, revealed after meeting the inquiry official Muang Nonthaburi police station for more than 2 hours, stating that today has brought an article written by one person. Published in social media And the 2nd melon mobile phone for the police to check Due to being fascinated by the death of watermelon Personally, believe that it was harassed And did not agree, then fell into the boat Not to urinate according to the claims of the person in the boat for the said article Will it be evidence of the case? Depends on the inquiry official But personally just saw and friends sent Therefore brought to the police to consider In case it will be useful in the investigation guidelines As for other evidence, there is no But will check the camera in the car That the manager drove to the house after the incident. Admit that you haven't watched And do not know the details Although there was an apology and would like to take care of the family instead of the watermelon through the show, Mrs. Panida said that it was not able to answer because he had to consult with the police before whether to be related to the case or not. But the apology But the heart is still fascinated with the claims of friends In the boat while Mr. Por, the owner of the boat that brought the video clip To be published in the list And said that the watermelon is happy Which the mother saw and still didn't believe Due to see the image that occurred at approximately 21.00 hrs before falling into the water Found that there was a clear sadness In the case of Mr. Job's shirt The person in the boat found that the lack is still fascinated, although explaining that it is not related to the water of the watermelon's watermelon. Khun Watermelon's mother also said that before this has not been contacted by the boat person. LINE messages have been sent but have not been read. And not ready to meet all 5 people during this period, including not asking to go to any television programs Because there is still a state of mind that is not yet ready
"Sandwisa Patch" on the boat againPolice simulated the incident "Watermelon" falling into the boat (clip)|"Sandwisa Patch" joins the simulation of the case of the death of "Watermelon Nida", said not to worry because he had provided information to the police, the reporter reported that today (28 Feb) at 22.00 hrs. The police brought Sandwisa Patch Manomairat to the ship simulating the event. According to the time of the incident That the group of friends claimed that Miss Nida Patcharaweerapong or watermelon sitting in the back of the boat Before falling to death, Sandwisa Patch said that he was not worried because he had already provided information to the police, but admitted that he was still confused about the point where watermelon was fascinated for the simulation of the event during the incident. The police want to check the direction of water, water level and the strength of the boat. Including the same period in the same time as the incident Especially the issue that Which has claimed that watermelon is sitting in the area of the boat By holding the legs of a friend named Sand as well, even though before Police Division of the Proof of Nonthaburi Province Check the speed boat Measure the distance of the back of the boat Which is the distance from the seat of the boat to the point where the watermelon sat in the urine according to the claim With a distance of about 50 centimeters. The first point of the police took the sandy to point under the Rama VIII Bridge, which a group of friends claimed to take pictures before cruising. And is the point where the watermelon accident fell in accordance with the claim and the next point. And fell Because the sand claimed to turn to see the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand or EGAT, Bang Kruai, therefore remembering that watermelon agreed to this point. At this point, the police have to do the posture that claims to help hold watermelon legs while urine. The police brought the witnesses who were fishing in the Chao Phraya River, consisting of 3 people to provide additional information at Nonthaburi police station because all 3 were witnesses. That is at the time of the incident The police then invited him to give information to compose the case to be more tough.
Girls down the ING Story tag "Sand" Friend "Watermelon" smiles "celebrity". Finally, the tour|Still hot As for the group of friends of "Watermelon Nida", who got into the boat with the actress on the day that the accident fell into the water. Before many dramas followed Both on the issue of searching for friends To the verb in response to questions One of the most watched people in the group in the group is inevitable. That accused the rescue slowly Until I have to apologize to the latest rescue program in social media Share video clips from IG Story Of a young woman It is a picture taken with the sand and said to smile, "Celebrities", which are expected to be friends and sand. Because both of the AIG followed up on both sides, the clip made netizens to comment. Complaining a lot of inappropriate, such as "famous in which way", "Isn't there any consciousness? What do you do? "," Like this, do not give value. After a while, I was shut down. "," It's famous because there are people who die. It's awesome. "
Revealed that the Metallica CD sent to "Mae Watermelon" that was actually from a bad neighbor.|From the case of Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin, the mother of the watermelon Nida Patcharaweerapong revealed that a mysterious CD was inserted into the room door. Open to see that the CD is the CD of the famous Metallica Metallica band. When picked up in detail, it was found that the cover of the CD, which has many folding length Was written with a strange character that could not be read Almost every page Therefore kept as evidence to be reported to the police to check that Who is the leader inserted through the door? The latest Thai Rath TV Had a telephone interview with watermelon's mother again To the case of the said puzzle Has been updated by mother that Actually, the CD that the neighboring condo is plugged in in front of the room. Which this neighbor is not very good In which he is a neighbor without any danger And said that he was the person who brought the CD himself Because he was worried about the watermelon Mother therefore thinks that there should be no issues. Other than this Written on the cover of the CD To the sheep as a secret code about the case Including the death of watermelon Interpret various things, the mother has seen some But believe that it should not be related
The young man cried.Scrutin the drug traffickingThe girlfriend was hit by a bird.|On February 28, at the Division of Corruption and Misconduct Division (PorChor.) Mr. Khan (the fictional name), 45 years old, Surin province, along with Ms. Ji (the fictional name ) Age 19 years, girlfriend traveled to meet Police Lieutenant Colonel Prasit Butsaeng, Deputy Deputy Chief of Investigation of the Royal Thai Police, in order to request help after the volunteer officials in Surin, practicing physically assamed to remove drug information. Including indecent girlfriend Along with intimidation Therefore, he was afraid that he would not be safe. Mr Khan Ngeon said that on the evening of 26 January, he was a special officer of Sor. Military personnel Chor. Chor. 2, Surin Province, arrested in the drug smuggling case with 20 methamphetamine pills before detaining to investigate. Territorial Volunteer Company Located in the area of Jeniang Subdistrict, Mueang Surin District Surin province, when arriving at the said arrest officer Then use the power to hurt his own body In order to iron to agree to tell the drug information Will lead to the expansion of the arrest But he didn't know because it was just a small trader After completing the process of asking information He therefore asked to call Ms. Ji's girlfriend to help coordinate the case. But when his girlfriend arrived, was hit by a volunteer official That is in the arrest set, trying to molest He saw a bad posture. And for safety, then let his girlfriend return to Mr Khan Ngeon, while his girlfriend is walking out of the Territorial Volunteer Company. Arrive at the front fort There was another volunteer officials. Came to use his girlfriend to pull his girlfriend into the fort Forcing genitals Before releasing after the incident, his girlfriend then brought the matter to report that Muang Surin police station immediately. After a short time, one person claimed to be the district bailiff. Call to find his girlfriend and threatened to withdraw the report. And do not tell the story to tell anyone As for the volunteer group of other arrests The rest came back to practice and hurt him again before bringing the drug case to the local police. After receiving the bail, he was afraid that he would not be safe. Therefore brought the matter to claim fairness with the police officers today. Conducted the interrogation of both victims in order to process the story with various evidence Before passing on to the supervisor to consider further
The doctor revealed the autopsy "Watermelon", extinguished because of drowning.But can't detect pee because of deterioration|Forensic doctors revealed the autopsy "Watermelon" died because of drowning. But cannot find urine because the body condition has changed until causing the bladder to deteriorate today (1 March) at 15.30 hrs at the meeting room Mueang Nonthaburi Police Station, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province Police Lieutenant Colonel Chiraphat Phumjit, Region 1 Police Commissioner, explained the progress of the case that last night, simulating the situation by taking "sand", a watermelon girl friend, which is considered a witness in this case. Point the point thoroughly to compare with the evidence collected from the boat. Because the experts remove the memory of the boat, plus the GPS found the route of the boat The speed of the boat now makes the police know the coordinates that the actress falls from the back of the boat is in the middle of the Chao Phraya River. Away from Rama VII Bridge to Rama 5 Bridge, about 700-800 meters in line with the testimony of the fishing 4 The person who testified last night said See the high society ship driving quickly. Before slowing the engine and upside the boat in the coordinates that are consistent with the GPS of the boat, while the "Watermelon" autopsy Because the water and mud in the bronchi, the stomach, therefore, can conclude that the watermelon falls into the water and choking the water. As for the body's wounds With the right leg as a large wound and the left leg is a small trace of unknown sharp objects Have to compare with the propeller and other kinds of sharp objects before concluded what was hit by this issue. Col. Ying Naphat Natthasumon, Dr. 5) Institute of Forensic Science Police Hospital National Police Agency Is a clarification Including the physical examination of "Job" that found traces of wounds and bruises on the body From the detection that The wound is 5-7 days, which is at the same time as February 24, which is the same day that the watermelon falls out of the boat, but the abrasion did not find the fighting sign in any way. Because the wound has a large sign than human nails, which Job has not yet given the reason of both sides of what causes But the bruises should be caused by bumps But what to hit Still do not know. The other 4 people are in the process of thorough physical examination. At the same time, the watermelon clothing that wears a bodysuit will check whether it is urine. Including hygiene sheets that watermelon is worn whether or not to have urine or menstruation Due to the question of society, why not check the bladder of the watermelon star Which the forensic doctor explained that Because the body has changed, causing the bladder to deteriorate and wider. Therefore unable to check whether the urine is in the bladder or not, while the probation department has removed the propeller engine To collect DNA Of those on the boat Enter the lab to find relevant evidence in accordance with forensic science. As for the issue that has been simulated last night, the possibility that the actress will urinate at the back of the boat. Must look at the physical of a person, especially "watermelon" and "sand" by allowing experts to analyze again to be able to conclude whether it can be done or not.
The owner of the "Watermelon" ship storage fell into the police revealed that there were 12 lifebits.|The owner of the NBC boat appeared to the police for the first time. The knot "Watermelon" fell into the boat. Repeatedly on the boat with 12 life jackets, revealed that the 5 friends were found to be shocked today (2 March) at 10.55 hrs. At Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, Mr Thanakrit Wongsuwan or the owner's ball. The NBC Boat Club's officially officially testified to the police, Mr Thanakrit said that he was informed that "Watermelon Nida" fell into the boat at 22.30 hrs. Of 24 February. In the past, I went out to search immediately. At the scene of the incident at 23.00 hrs. Found 5 people in the boat. There is nothing wrong or suspicious in any way. The only wine remaining on the boat, he did not know that after the incident No housekeeper went to clean on the boat. While the boat was tied to the pontoon in front of the boat at around 01.30 hrs. Before he took the boat to collect in the garage at 05.00 hrs. That is normal of shock Men talk about But the woman talked unknowingly, emphasizing that on the boat there were 12 life jackets, as the boat owner, saw that The propeller issues are all possible. Because I don't know what watermelon falls. If the boat park, the driver releases the gear The propeller will stop. If there is a gear, the propeller will rotate. And it is impossible to see blood stains on the propeller after taking the boat into the garage Because the boat is parked in the water is already washed
Commander in Chief 1, no one has returned to the testimony.When examining the clip "Watermelon" singing on the boat|The Commander in Chief 1 has not yet concluded the "Watermelon" case as an accident or a murder to take the Cobalt boat to compare the GPS per minute. While "Robert" has not yet responded. Tor. To check the order of the COBALT ship propeller, the accident, Miss Nida Patchara Wiraphong or the watermelon fell before sinking the Chao Phraya River on the night of February 24 in order to Bring the boat to simulate the incident again. Region 1 Police Commissioner said that today will bring the boat to experiment again. To find a clear speed compared to GPS, which has previously inspected Which will be compared to the minute per minute at the beginning of the incident. The GPS inspection results found that the boat drives at a constant speed. As for the case of Robert, the inquiry official has coordinated to join but has not yet been. Reply Which, if not convenient, must have a reason to clarify the news that Mr. Robert Not good at driving and having to let Mr. Por keep supporting that both of them do not have a boat license. "Bring a friend here." There must be a personal inspection. The details of the social media found that The buoy was placed beside the boat, observed, similar to pulling and dragging. Not difficult to check because GPS has a clear time if comparing, not It's not about the offense. And confirm that the investigative officers will analyze all the evidence At this time, it is not clear whether it is a murder or accident. The police have not yet cut any issues and confirm that no one has returned to the testimony or inconsistent. By requesting time to gather evidence for a while
busy!Bring the boat "watermelon" to simulate the event.The propeller fell out of the Chao Phraya River.|Officials brought the boat at "Watermelon" to simulate the cause of the propeller sinking the Chao Phraya River. The police proven evidence. To the point of having to light the reporter reported that today (2 March) at 6:00 pm, the Provincial Police Investigation Region 1 brought the Nida Nida, the star -starred watermelon to simulate the events for the first time. To simulate the coordinates and speed according to the GPS data, which when bringing the boat into the river While the officers prepared to launch the said boat It appears that the boat propeller has fallen and sinking the Chao Phraya River. After that, a backup fan has been installed to change. Before taking the boat to sail by the Commander in Chief 1, along with the big investigation team, passed with the boat. Have examined and collected evidence of the propeller before And the cause of the propeller is caused by the wrong return After removing the inspection, the propeller dropped when starting the engine. Facebook fan page Sorayut Suthasanachinda, the news of the news, "I have to simulate the 3rd day of the event ... The propeller of the watermelon fell to death while preparing to simulate the police proven. Incense before being able to change the propeller And assemble the leaves Can simulate the event "
Be careful to find a 3 -month prison. Fine 5 thousand!Spokesman a warning to social media. Stop sharing the funeral "Watermelon".|"Spokesman of the Royal Thai Police" warns social media Stop broadcasting the body of the actress "Watermelon Nida" if violating illegal. With a fine and imprisonment today (3 March), Pol. Maj. Gen. Yingyot Thep Chamnong, spokesman for the Royal Thai Police Mentioned about the case of social media, the body of the actress, Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or the watermelon who died from the ship. Come to share and continue Including the live broadcast (Live) through various channels, the Royal Thai Police warned to the said offender in the category of criminal offenses. According to the Criminal Code, Section 366/4, states that "Anyone who does in any way Which was an insult to the body Shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding 3 months or a fine not exceeding 5,000 baht or both. " Must be considered a criminal offense to be punished. The police spokesman said that he would warn the said person to be aware of when the family loved a relative's lover, which they experienced with regret. Enough We should respect and honor. Publishing video or other media Regarded as not protecting the rights of the deceased It is even more aggravating the loss of sadness, sorrow, mental pain, and if that event occurs to the person who published in the same way Will be painful from not respecting Disrespectful And how much impairment Which the operation of the person Or the said group Considered an offense Police officers as law enforcement Must proceed as specified by the law above so as not to continue
Director of Muang Non Police StationNot receiving a 3 million donation from "Por" without worrying.|Director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Confirm that there is no donation of 3 million baht from "Hi -So Po" to the police station, even if the real propeller dropped the water, does not affect the case today (3 March) at 09.30 hrs. From the case of news "Por "Mr Tanuphat Lertthaweewit donated 3 million baht to those involved in the actress" Watermelon Nida ", falling into the water that donated money to Muang Nonthaburi Police Station in the amount of 3 million baht, causing questions about what money is actually donated or not. Including the question of the bowl of watermelon's mother Is the scene of the police For the court to alleviate the penalty The reporter then inquired. Col. Chaturon Conservation of graduates Director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station To inquire about the said facts And was explained that In the case of money that has the news that Mr Tanupat or Por donated money to the police station is not true. The police have never received the said amount for asking for forgiveness from the mother of the actress. Police officers are not the one to do. But Mr. Por and the mother of the actress had talked before Since the morning that Mr. Por went to make merit for the deceased Therefore asked the police to facilitate the location In which both sides made an appointment The garlands have been prepared before. The police just witness As for the propeller, the water dropped yesterday evening (2 March) before simulating that event. Previously, the propeller that dropped the water was a real propeller on the day of the incident. And has been removed to prove that it corresponds to the traces of the dead or not And check the blood stains on the propeller to see if there is any remaining or not after the examination is completed the morning Then sent back yesterday at approximately 12.00 hrs. By the Provincial Police Investigation Division 1 coordinated to request to be installed in the boat to simulate the event. Until the propeller accident dropped the water before simulating the event Which will not affect the case because the examination has been proven. Later, at 11:30 am today (3 March) at the front of the NBC Garage, volunteer staff, Ruamkanyu Foundation Bring the diver to begged the boat that has dropped the water. After the probation officer brought the real boat to simulate the events according to the GPS, with a point of approximately 5 meters away from the lampshade. The staff took about 10 minutes to expand the depth of about 8 meters. Due to the relatively large propeller size and the propeller weighs about 10 kilograms
"Lawyer Tum" believes the wound on the draft "watermelon" is not caused by a ship.There may be an arrest warrant.|"Lawyer Tum" believes the wound on the draft "Watermelon". Expected people on the boat to be issued a subpoena or an additional arrest warrant today (3 March) at 11:30 am rescue personnel from the Ruamkanyu Foundation. And the staff of the NBC Garage diving searching for a ship fan Nearby, the lamp in front of the garage The point that is found about 5 meters away from the pier, it takes about 10 minutes, the ship's propeller is still in the same condition and confirms that it does not affect the case. Just as evidence in the case, it is necessary to search for the case. On the other side, Mr. Sitra premium or "Lawyer Tum" famous lawyer Traveled to see the ship characteristics of the incident by himself After seeing the wounds of "Watermelon", confident that the wounds are not caused by a ship. Because the scar is straight and deep, if it is a boat propeller The wound is wide as in the form of a propeller. The wound will not be shaped, so believe that watermelon may fall from another point and the legs are hit at the bottom point under the propeller. Like a tiger tail, that means that watermelon may fall from other points that are not stern. Because from the driving force of the boat, if the boat falls, it must be away from the watermelon's body, but from the wound of the watermelon's body, it should be under the boat. From their assumptions, he couldn't sleep all night. Therefore have to travel to see with his own eyes For this case, there may be people on the boat that must be issued or an arrest warrant for sure. And in this case, he came to know the watermelon did not receive the case for either party.
Invade the expert of Sen. A. Aka Gang, King Nonthaburi, seized 130 million|Invade "Senator Senator", Angkhga Gang, Nonthaburi, seized 130 million assets, including luxury vehicles, speedboats, money and many guns at 10:00 am (3 March 65 ) Pol.Lt.Gen. Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief, together with Maj. Gen. Nithorn Chintakanon, Deputy Commander in Chief of Police Major General Noppasilp Poolsawat, Commander in Chief SorBor. Col. Sarawut Yai, Pol. Col. Niwat Phueng -Uthai Sri, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission. Sonthi, the PorChor. Close the search for 14 points, 7 provinces, consisting of Bangkok, Chiang Rai Province, Tak Province, Maha Sarakham Province, Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, Chonburi Province. In the base of the 4 conspirators, Mr. Worawat Wangsapa, arrested in Prachuap Khiri Khan Mr. Piamsak Boonchalothorn arrested at Wiang Phang Kham Subdistrict, Mae Sai District, Chiang Rai Province. And Mrs. Siriwan Boonchalothorn arrested in Mae Sot District, Tak Province, with interesting points Is the search house number 12/60 Soi Chula Kasem 16/3, Bang Khen Subdistrict, Mueang Nonthaburi District, Nonthaburi Province, which is the house of Mr. Worawat In which the house is a two -story detached house with a gated fence Initially, the King Nonthaburi network from the inspection found a black Subaru car, registration number 67, Bangkok and the white Ford Masti, registration of 67, Bangkok, 40-50 guns with machines. Many ammunition A variety of luxury watches such as Rolex Patera Pantrai, worth over 14 million baht, 14 speed boats (seized at Prachuap Khiri Khan), gold and a lot of cash. Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran revealed that Because on May 25 last year The Royal Thai Police Arrested Mr. Pitawat Saeng Sopa and Mr. Chayut Sukkhapat after expanding the drug network in the Bangkok area that the police arrested in 2019, a methamphetamine of more than 1,043,800 tablets and 86 kilograms of ice in the month. March 2021, from the arrest of the two accused, searched at the house, found a mobile phone in the interior, with a message about the trading of drugs and drug payment. With the transfer of drugs to the bank account abroad And when in -depth inspection, it was found that the said money was changed By Mr. Worawat Playing alchemy as an oil product to bring the money from the drug trafficking to the drug owner. By changing the condition of oil trading to Myanmar in more than 500 million baht. In addition, from the investigation guidelines Also found that this group of accused is responsible for transferring money Obtained from drug trafficking to other assets Therefore gathered evidence for the power of the court issued a group of Mr. Worawat and four people In the offense of conspiracy, committed a serious offense regarding drugs, supports or helping the serious offenders related to drugs first or while committing an offense, receiving property or other benefits from serious offenders regarding drugs for the benefit or giving Convenient for offenses Or to have the offender being punished and charged for money laundering. Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran revealed that the Commander in Chief said that in this case, the Royal Thai Police. Gradually stick to the year 64, expanding the results according to the degree of degree of consequences until now issued an arrest warrant for 7 people, arresting 4 people today, attached to 2 prisons and is in the escape 1 person. As for the assets that the Por Por. Confiscated about 130 million. The firearms found will be delivered The Department of Education inspected various firearms. Whether it is used in other offenses or not However, the network is quite large. Other car assets The authorities will accelerate the expansion of the inspection because it is believed to be obtained from drug trafficking. At the same time, there are reports that while searching for property in the house. The investigation set was found in the front glass of both cars, with stickers in and out. Parliament stuck to specify members of the House of Representatives, No. 092, both cars and neck cards specified by the Secretariat of the Senate. The position of Mr. Worawat is "The expert of the Senate, General Boontham Oriis, in this case, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner has ordered the inspection. In addition, it was found that Mr. Worawat Is a trainee Being skilled in customs experts, Customs Class 17, with news reports also stated that As for the Ford Mass Tong Cherdi GT brand, 500 years 2020, which the PorChor. Stating that it is a Gray Market Means illegal imported vehicles Not through the correct customs process Many sizes of firearms From rifles, rifles and short guns that decorate expensive equipment, save 4-5 cabinets that must be inspected. Robe brand watches, Bato worth 14 million baht, gold worth 10 million baht. In addition, the business of Mr. Worawat Aside from selling oil exports Also found a Yacht Jet Ski boat with a boat in Pranburi District Prachuap Khiri Khan and Na Chom Thian, Chon Buri, which includes over 130 million baht. Tomorrow, Maj. Gen. Roy Ing Pairote, Deputy Commander in Chief, will lead the press conference team.
Golden robber in the middle of the mallMeet the staff kicking the legs.Claiming no money to buy a car ticket to find children|Golden robber in the middle of the mall The salesman found suspicious, so nudged the male staff to go to standby outside the shop. When the criminals ran away, they kicked their legs until falling at around 12.00 hrs. On March 4, 2022, Capt. Was informed that the good citizens Able to arrest the criminal Gold mall wants to have money Inside the Tesco Lotus Department Store, Takhli branch, therefore, reported to the supervisor before traveling to investigate the incident. Along with the investigative officers in the affiliation found that good citizens Able to detain the criminal, namely Mr. Fon, a 38 -year -old proverbs, Rattanawapi District, Nong Khai Province, with 1 baht gold necklace, 1 line, with the criminal in a jeans dress, wearing a black mass shirt, wearing a cap to cover the face But there is no weapon in the cause of the incident. According to the initial investigation, knowing that the criminal has come to ask to see the gold necklace at the goldsmith, wanting to have two rounds before using the rhythm during the unknown staff. Hurry to win 1 baht gold necklace, but while running away in front of the mall Had been a gold shop staff who saw the incident Help kick the criminal's legs until overturned. Before other good citizens Come to help each other to catch each other in the end The officer detained Mr. Fon, the accused, went to interrogate the police station. And Mr. Fon confessed that Traveled by train to Takhli District to find work for many days. But there is no work to do as well as missing children too But didn't have money back to the child in Nong Khai province, so he thought of short, decided to walk from the train station Which is about 7 kilometers away from Tesco Lotus and then causing the gold to compete In order to sell and will buy a car ticket back to the child The officer then detained Mr. Fon. Travel back to Tesco Lotus To make a confession plan first There will be further allegations of robbery. From the inquiry of the girl staff of the gold shop Who gave the gold to the criminal, revealed that at that time he saw the nature of the criminals seemed to be suspicious And walked around many times Before walking into the gold shop And made a request to see the gold necklace, weighing 2 baht, 1 line after that The criminal said that he would ask to go out and ask his wife outside the mall before walking back. And asked to see the gold necklace again, which at that time he saw that he started to look suspicious Therefore nudged to tell the male staff of another gold shop Go out and observe this man outside the shop first. And then people come back to talk to the sales with the criminal. "In the final period The criminal told me that He only has 30,000 baht, so he changed to pick up a 1 baht weight necklace for the criminal. But while I was inadvertently What he had really happened When the criminal quickly grabbed 1 baht of gold and ran away Which is considered very lucky that They and the gold shop are already careful. And male staff Walked to trap in front of the mall Therefore able to arrest the criminal in time. "
Open mind "Lawyer Tum" after providing police informationBelieve friends, watermelon, not satisfied who do not accept the case|Lawyer Tum Sitthra premiums gave information to the police after refusing to accept the case to the group of watermelon Nida's friends to believe that this group is not satisfied (4 March 65). People's lawyer Revealed after giving a testimony to the police In the case of the death of the watermelon Nida Patcharaweerapong, the police inquired about the issue where the watermelon's friends came to ask for help after the incident. About how to talk in detail By providing all the information to the police Personally, I believe that the two friends of the watermelon are not satisfied that he gave the facts. Which is not beneficial to both of them, causing both of them to be dissatisfied. Therefore not accepting the case to consult the lawyer of a group of watermelon friends first as a lawsuit Not considered abnormal Because everyone can consult a lawyer Before the lawsuit had already been Also proposed to the police to simulate the event using materials such as silicone to see if there are signs of wounds similar to the wounds of the deceased or not. And also observed the police to investigate more about Finan More than the propeller of the boat That will cause traces on the wound found on the body of the deceased Mr. Sitra Also give opinions about the law In the case of watermelon's mother Would like to be a trustee According to the steps, the petition must be submitted to the court. Which takes about 2 to 3 months and the elder brother of the watermelon Can be the administrator of the inheritance with mothers But the mother of the watermelon cannot change the policy In order to receive the benefits of adopted children Because it is the intention of watermelon To make adopted children From the beginning But to receive money remedies in this part Inevitably has a binding on criminal and civil cases in the future Can reduce the weight of the case
Proof of hair at the boatClearly attached to the propeller-the back of the boat!Belonging to "watermelon" on both points|The results proven the hair that was found on the boat that was clear! Belonging to the watermelon in both points, the progress of the progress of the watermelon, Nida, falling down the Chao Phraya boat, the latest today (4 March 65), there are reports of more than 1 watermelon hair at 2 points at the boat at The incident occurred by the probation center staff. 1 found and collected the hair at the back of the boat. (Looking from the back of the boat to the left side) near the rear seat, while finding and collecting 1 other hair is the area under the boat. On the left side of the boat (Looking from the back of the boat to the boat), which the officers have collected to inspect from 25 Feb 65 to take a DNA test. The result was found that the hair found in both points belongs to the watermelon Nida.
Blood heritage arresting Uncle 58 holding a knife, the teeth of the old 78 necks were torn, extinguished the bathroom.|58 -year -old uncle holds a knife. Which is the mother of the younger brother Died in the house Resentment, Heritage, Parents (5 Mar 65) Time 08.30 hrs. Police Lieutenant Colonel Peerayut Uchin, Deputy Director of Investigation, Nam Som Police Station, Udon Thani Province, was notified of the incident, there were people killed at Village No. 14, Yuok, together with Col. Chamnan Michai Phokkhok. Police Station, Sommai Police Station, Pol.Col. Krommasornsri, Deputy Director (Investigation), Nam Som Police Station, the probation officer of Medical on duty, Nam Som Hospital, Vice Rescue Highway Rut went to inspect the scene of the incident, a 2 -story house, half -cement, found the body of Mrs. Malai, aged 78, was teeth with sharp objects on the face and neck. Lying in the bathroom in the bathroom Wearing a yellow short -sleeved shirt Red flower pattern sarong Scary to the spectators With many villagers watching a lot As for the cruelty, there was a witness to see Mr. Lorkorn, 58 years old, a relative with a house only 100 meters apart. Walking on the knife, Eto left the house earlier, with the police following the arrest of the drama while asking the villagers to drink. 300 meters away from the scene of the incident. Mr. Lorkorn, the accused, was intoxicated and the knife, Eto, with blood stains that caused the incident. Therefore detained to the police station In which Mr. Lakorn accused Confessed that Used to truly use the knife In which the deceased is the mother of his brother In which his younger brother raised his parents, therefore inherited the land and houses from parents The parents have died. Which later his brother died The sister -in -law brought his parents. Causing him to be dissatisfied Because the house and land are the inheritance of their parents The sister -in -law and grandchildren sold the barn that was built with wood. He felt angry because it was the inheritance that his parents created. Cannot sell their parents' inheritance He therefore held a knife to kill Mrs. Malai. In order to revenge, Mr Eid Wongpong, the village headman, Village No. 14, Ban Yuak Mai, Ban Huok Subdistrict, Nam Som District, Udon Thani Province, revealed that she was informed by Nang Oi that the mother was killed in the bathroom, so came to investigate Mrs. Malai, 78 years old. Teeth with sharp objects on the face And the neck is torn And wondering about the murderer Because someone saw it, carrying a knife to come to the house first 1 round The police then arrested The knot of the killing came from the resentment that the parents raised the house and land for the younger brother. When the younger brother died, he gave her daughter. Mr. Lorkorn is not happy. Would like the land and house that is the inheritance of the parents. Miss Paphatsorn, 30 years old, the deceased niece said that the deceased is a grandmother. Live with her and mother This morning he walked in the water in front of the house, met Mr Lor Nakhon, who was the father. And is his uncle There was a house 100 meters away, walking around, looking and not saying anything. When he found him, he walked back home. He went out to buy food for Grandma to eat for 10 minutes. Come back and not see Grandma Therefore looking for and found a grandmother killed in the bathroom There was a child who played in the neighborhood, saw Mr Lorkorn carrying a knife out of the house. The knot of the killing was thought that Mr Lor Nakhon was not happy that his father, who was the younger brother of the drama, inherited the grandfather. And Grandma Is a house and land 1 rai 36 square wah Because his father raised his grandfather and grandmother After the grandfather and grandmother died Father brought father -in -law and mother to take care of When his father died, Mr Lorkorn came to chase them away. Will take home and land back But before his father died, transferred the land to him The drama master would probably be angry that they took the property heritage. Therefore resentful until killing the grandmother Which yesterday had a hunch While cutting the sugarcane farm Saw the crow flying around Which ancient is considered a bad thing But didn't think that Grandma would be killed by Oi, 48 years old. Stressful about their inheritance, land and home Because Mr. Lor wants to get home After the husband died, Mr Lorkorn spoke threatening to chase them away. He refused because his parents gave her husband. And before dying, gave it to her daughter But didn't think that Mr Lor would come to kill his mother Because he wanted the house and the land back. Mr Uthai, 66 years old, the brother of the accused, said that there are 8 brothers and sisters. He is the eldest. The youngest brother raised his parents. Therefore raised the heritage of the house and land for his younger brother And divided the land for Mr. Lor to build a house separately And also divided the rice fields and sugarcane farms for 20 rai He taught Mr. Lor Kon to not interfere with his younger family. But the drama is refusing to listen to the story and chase the sister -in -law and grandchildren escape. Claiming to be the property of parents Drinking drunk will always talk about this. Until causing the killing of the mother -in -law Which he felt sorry Not appropriate to do this Will not bail and get the karma that he made to go to the police. Phirayut Uchin, Deputy Deputy Investigation of Nam Som Police Station, revealed that Mr Lorkorn, the accused, has been a widow to many ways with his wife. Ten years Live at home alone And like to drink alcohol until alcohol Once he was drunk, he would walk to argue with the sister -in -law. Because he was not happy that his brother had inherited the land and home When the younger brother died, he wanted to have a heritage back. But the younger brother has already transferred to his daughter And when seeing the grandchildren sell the old barn The more dissatisfied And caused the killing of Mrs. Malai Mother -in -law, brother, dead The police then reported the charges. "Killing others by premiere first" detained for legal proceedings
Students of grade 4 are resentful for seniors, grade 5, was fired because of playing mobile phones.Stabbed the person who sued a serious teacher|Juniors, grade 4, resentful for seniors, grade 5, was fired from a boarding school because of playing mobile phones. Stabbed a friend who sued a serious teacher (5 March 65) at 16.00 hrs. Reported to attack with famous school knives One of them therefore coordinated the rescuers of Khok Klang Subdistrict and 31 rescue. Of the student dormitory found Mr. A (a hypothetical name) aged 17 years, the students of grade 5 were pointed at a pointed tip of about 25 cm in the middle of the back. Rescuers urgently deliver to the hospital urgently. Before being sent to the hospital at Buriram Center Due to the initial severe symptoms, knowing that the person who committed the incident was Mr. B (a hypothetical) aged 16, a 4th grade student, a junior student of the injured. Which had fled earlier. Later, Col. Somchai Sophon Panyaporn Director of Lam Plai Mat Police Station Ordered Pol. Col. Warit Damphon -ngam, Deputy Director of the Investigation of Lam Plai Mat Police Station to extract all channels to escape. Because it is expected that the culprit must find a way to go home Until able to detain at Lam Plai Mat Railway Station With the destination train ticket, Nakhon Ratchasima, then brought him to investigate at Lam Plai Mat Police Station, with Mr. Bee confessed that Was the person who stabbed Mr. A True, from the investigation, Mr B testified to the police that The reason for the decision to stab Mr A Because Mr. A made Mr C (assumed name), his own senior friend had to be fired from school because Mr A went to sue the teacher that Mr Selee played the phone. Which is a prohibition of this boarding school Causing Mr C to be fired Therefore kept resentment for many months ago. Today, decided to take the bus into Lam Plai Mat District About 8 km away from the school and then went to buy 4 knives because he wanted to take revenge on 2 teachers, then hired a motorcycle to send to school. When the motorcycle is hired to send to the front of the school Asked the motorcycle number and then parked when he walked into the dormitory. Then let the knife embroidered Because of resentment And prepare to stab other people who intended But someone saw it first, then ran out on the motorcycle, hired a parked in front of the school Then go to the Lam Plai Mat Railway Station Intend to go to the mother in Udon Thani province, which must go to the car at Jira Railway Station, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, but did not catch the car, so I sat before being detained by the police. The events that occurred were the only mistake. And will not apologize to the injured However, the police will investigate the facts again. Because it is still a youth Initially, he was charged with physical assault for others to be injured first.
Thought that the robberEx -girlfriend shot more than 10 convenience store staff.|The big boy carried a 9 mm gun, shooting a girl staff, a convenience store, more than 10 shots, seriously injured. Ajarn Kittitaksak Udomrat, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Police Station Was notified of a firearm user shot a convenience store staff Seriously injured In a convenience store in a pump Along the Asian road up, Ban Ko Subdistrict, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya District Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province. In the convenience store, found the injured person. Known as Mrs. Supaporn, 46 years old, is a convenience store staff. With wounds shot With a 9 mm firearm in the chest area along the arms, legs, total 10 matches, severe symptoms, officials Accelerate the first aid to the Rajathanee Hospital in the convenience store. Found a 9 mm shell, scattered Officials therefore gathered as evidence from the inquiry. Convenient store staff provide information that the culprit is ex -girlfriend of the injured. Drive a pickup truck Black Mitsubishi Come to park near the shop, then Walked inside the shop Drew the firearm from the back, chasing the injured until it fell and walked in many more matches. After that, drove the pickup truck to escape while the first incident thought that the criminal robbed in the shop. Employees ran away. Came to know later that it was a ex -girlfriend of a colleague The colleagues in the event were shocked, then ran away from the bullets in different directions. At first I thought that the culprit came to rob a convenience store, but later learned that it was a former girlfriend of the injured. Mr. Som, 67, the owner of the gas station, said that he heard the gun loudly rushed out to see that the convenience store staff was shot. Injury The injured can still speak. Then said that the offender was a former girlfriend, then went to check the CCTV Therefore saw that the criminal was a pickup truck to park at the convenience store After that, walk straight in the form of a hidden firearm behind. Shot to the counter by the injured until it fell and opened the door. Shoot many more shots Before escaping It was a very preliminary cause. Police officers know the culprit, Mr. Sri Krung, 51 years old, is in the process of arresting to prosecute.
Increase the test of a friend's watermelon ship-Bor TK, the new issue, the witness claims Robert, throwing a glass of wine.|The police called Bo TK and the speed boat "Watermelon". Additional "Sandy Exam", postponing-claiming business. Revealed the new basket. The witness claimed "Robert", throwing a glass of wine into the Chao Phraya River. Reporters reported that today (5 March), the police investigated the Provincial Police Region 1, called Ms. Ichsarin. Jutha Suksawat or the Private Manager of Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or a famous female melon To investigate further in order to accompany the death of the watermelon's death case, traveled from the Provincial Police Investigation Division 1 (Police Station 1) at 20.50 hrs. More than 7 hours. The police have also made an appointment for the boat on the day of the incident, including Ms. Suratanaawi Phatrakul or Bo TK, another witness. To give an additional testimony by Mr. Tanuphat Lertthaweewit or Po, Mr. Paiboon Tri Kanchanaanan or Robert and Mr. Nisat Kirati Sutthorn or Job traveled by the appointment, only Mr. Wisa Phatmanairat or Sands that do not travel by appointment By claiming to be a personal business Would like to postpone the appointment first. Police Lieutenant Chiraphat Phumjit, Region 1 Police Commissioner, revealed that the case has now been progressed. Which will tighten the investigation industry in some issues In order to get a clear answer Explain all the doubts Today, many people involved in the case came to interrogate. As for the investigation, there is a new issue. In the event that a witness testified, Robert threw a glass of wine or champagne into the Chao Phraya River. But it's not clear that Throw before or after the incident when Miss Nida or Watermelon falls into the boat and throw it for what reason. Aside from interrogation The police also sent a diver. Diving searching for witnesses in the Chao Phraya River Last morning Which found a suspicious glass in the vicinity of the body of Miss Nida or Watermelon. In addition Also found an unknown object bag near the glass suspected glass Therefore kept as a witness and will send a DNA sample to compare with Mr. Robert's DNA and others on the boat before considering that Related to the death of Miss Nida or Watermelon or not. As for the investigation, the investigation set is focusing on the issue. Order of the incident in the boat Since the boat began to come close to the scene The 1st and 2nd boat capture, with comparison with additional evidence Is a closed circuit from an establishment on the Chao Phraya River Which can specify The distance of each boat is quite clear. In which the said evidence will affect the case of the officials in this case as well
The first doctor of the posture of the "Watermelon" autopsy has a large wound, right leg-crook.|Medical autopsy "Watermelon". The first day found a large wound, right leg and crook. Must have forensic doctors The police hospital pointed out that it was caused by any type of object. The Forensic Science Institute revealed that after being informed by the inquiry official found the body of Miss Nida Patcharaweerapong or the watermelon that fell into the boat, the Chao Phraya died. Therefore traveled to inspect the preliminary examination at Pibulsongkram 1, found that the condition of the corpse began to rot Looking at the face, I can't remember. But there are clothes that are bodysuits and jewelry, which the relatives confirmed that it belongs to the watermelon before actually dying. The corpse is expected to have died for almost 2 days in line with the period that has been informed that the watermelon is stubborn by the body, found a large wound. The right leg and the right leg is slightly wound. As for other areas Not found from a large wound on the right leg. Because it is often found in the body that falls into the water But can it be caused by any wounds and something else? Must have the forensic medical doctor, police hospital to see if there are other objects that can be compatible. And must compare that suspicious objects that can cause wounds, including checking blood stains and other wounds Whether connected or not But the basic opinion specifies the cause of death "Assumed from drowning", but the autopsy results are the cause of death. Admitted that Know from the beginning that the body had to go to check the autopsy But did not prepare anything special Due to the autopsy, each case has different details. For example, if the body is dead from firearms Will focus on finding a bullet or a gunpowder If it is a stabbing body, it will take a lot of wounds. To be comparable to the weapons that have been done. The case of watermelon is a corpse that has a history of water The doctor who performed the autopsy will begin to check the body. Open to see the mouth, nose, bronchoda, lungs, lungs, to see if there are mud, plants and water or not, which as follows the news found that there are mud scraps. The details of each case will depend on the circumstances of the environment and the history of what they have obtained. At the same time, look at the causes of other deaths that are possible without looking at it as a famous person or celebrity, but in all cases will look more environmental behavior. And if it is a case that has received a lot of attention, must see what is interested Is it a murder? Will focus on collecting witnesses that are in line with the suspicion. In the case of the case suspected of murdering The autopsy has a basic examination set, such as being assaulted or not. The skull has cracks, broken ribs, arms, legs, or broken neck bones? If there is, then will focus on collecting evidence to that way. But the preliminary examination at the point where the body was found cannot be seen Have to wait for the autopsy The examination is already limited. Because of various wounds Can't see, can't tell, collecting blood in a very rotten body Will not be able to collect Proven that drunk is not drunk, it may not be proven. Because of the depression, the limitations are more than the normal body. B.E. Will be the discretion of the inspector that will notify Which hospital or institution Usually notifying the nearest point As for sending to the autopsy in detail According to the Criminal Code, the Criminal Code states only to send the examination at Hospital or government agency But does not specify which department to change the autopsy Some cases are in accordance with relatives. Where is the body convenient? Or if any case wants to expedite the case Will send to the agency that can autopsy quickly
The lawyer of Mae Taeng appeared the police station to follow the case of Won, Dr. Pornthip, autopsy again.|"Lawyer Mae Taeng" appeared in Muang Nonthaburi police station, followed the case, specifying that Dr. Pornthiphat turned the form of turning again today (7 March 65) at 8:30 hrs. Lawyer of Mrs. Phanida Sirayut Yothin or the mother of the watermelon Nida Patcharaweerapong traveled to Muang Nonthaburi police station. To monitor the progress of the case As well as having forensic questions Therefore wanting to make a letter to ask the Royal Thai Police to coordinate Dr. Pornthip To prove again Due to the confidence in Dr. Pornthip, Mae Tang Watermelon, now he is a representative of various issues. Today, intends to follow the news that Mr. Sitra premium or lawyer Tum will bring important people to testify to the inquiry official. Whether there is any additional evidence or not The question of the watermelon brother And mom watermelon From the conversation, many people sent a picture like a person jumping off the boat to him. Which is currently analyzing whether it is possible or not When looking at it, it is a person but the picture is not clear. Must find other evidence to help the police At this time, he tried to search for various evidence. And requesting cooperation with the general public with evidence Can contact yourself directly. In the case of coordination of Dr. Pornthip To autopsy again Caused by uncertainty or not Due to the first part that took the body out Will be taken to autopsy at Thammasat Hospital But the police have brought the body back to the autopsy at the police hospital instead Therefore there is a little impasted issue, so he wants to be the duty of Dr. Pornthip Which has expertise And have direct experience in this field Because there are still various points There are still doubts. Both the sand in the lungs Which Dr. Pornthip expects to be sinking the banks or not Therefore would like to coordinate to help prove the body again from the testimony of all 5 people on the boat, he has not yet visited the idiom Because Mae Watermelon also signed a lawyer to appoint a lawyer two days ago. In which he had to start the role of a lawyer in the care of the children He therefore had to participate in inspecting the idioms. Initially, he would coordinate instead of his mother. Inquire about the progress of what additional And what day will the idiom summarize Including concerns about the funeral Afraid that the autopsy cannot be done
Danger near the 18 girl, attached to the middle of the rice fieldElder brother -in -law invaded and hopedThe older sister came to help.|The 18 -year -old girl was addicted to the middle of the rice fields. Elder brother -in -law invaded and hoped Fortunately, my sister came to help. Survived the reporter reported that on March 5, Miss Mo (assumed name), 18 years old, the villagers in a village in Phon Sung Subdistrict, Ban Dung District, Udon Thani Province, said that the brother -in -law Invited to rape in the house in the field of his sister But the sister came in Tan, so he survived. Miss Mo revealed to the reporter that he was addicted to the orcoat on February 27, then came out to detain at the real sister's house. That is building in the middle of the village By being alone because of sticking Later, on March 5, around 8 pm, the brother -in -law named Mr. Chaiyut, 42 years old, invaded the area. Then used to attack and rape himself, then cried to help And begged brother -in -law, don't do this But I can't fight hard While the brother -in -law was taking off his pants It appears that his sister Which is the wife Chaiyut has met Causing Mr. Chaiyut to be shocked to run away Hurry and drive the sedan to escape to Tan Tan. MOO said that before the incident, he was a video call to talk to another sister. Mr Yut immediately came in. Not set And didn't think that there would be a bad event This happens The older sister who was video call saw Therefore hurried to call to inform the older sister who is the wife Chaiyut To come out immediately. Now, report to Ban Dung Police Station The police said that after he had recovered, Kowid would call to interrogate on March 20, which he wanted to take the matter to the end. But the sister who is the wife of Mr. Chaiyut Afraid that he would kill Therefore do not want to take matters Because Mr. Chaiyut had been in prison for 15 years. In the past Therefore came to stay at the sister's house in Ban Dung District, now I'm very scared Because he was addicted I don't know if the brother -in -law will stick with it or not after disappearing. Afraid that he came back to rape again Or killing for sure And also does not know, will he be infected or not? If he was afraid that he spread to others as well Would like the police to catch him quickly
The Commander in Chief 1 Yan has no "Police Lieutenant General" selling information about watermelon cases.Revealed that there is no return.|The Commander in Chief 1 confirms that there is no "Police Lieutenant General" selling watermelon case information. Revealed that there was no return. Ready to set up a spokesman for the press conference today (7 March), Pol. Maj. Gen. Jiraphat Phumjit, Commander of the Provincial Police Region 1 (Por. 1), revealed that today there is a testimony in The case of the death of "Watermelon Phatthida" in all 3 mouths, including Mr. Santana Prayurarat to travel to Muang Nonthaburi police station with the investigation results. At this time, it is not possible to reveal to the public. Confirm no one has returned to the testimony. Or change the testimony As published on social media In which the inquiry officials still collect various information and evidence As for the issues that have disclosed information or new news in the social world, there is clear evidence. Otherwise it may be prosecuted for false information. Police Lieutenant Colonel Jirapat confirmed that there was no issue of Police Major General, selling information about watermelon cases in any way. Today, "sand" will not come to testify to the inquiry official. The news about Police Lieutenant General, selling information about the watermelon case, from the "lawyer Tum", Mr. Sitra "was revealed on the Facebook page last night. However, it was reported that Maj. Gen. Yingyot Thep Chamnong, spokesman for the Royal Thai Police Traveled to attend the meeting with the investigative officers of the Provincial Police Investigation Division 1, with Pol.Lt.Gen. To put the public relations guidelines How much does the news framework set to the media? In order to prevent the creation of the society of the said case, such as the progress of the case has done anything. Explanation of questions that do not affect the case that can be answered to explain to the media. Etc. At the meeting today, the police were assigned to the spokesman of the case. Responsible for clarifying the news solely in order to not be confused as the facts in the said case later After the meeting, it was reported that at the meeting assigned Maj. Gen. Udon Yomcharoen, Deputy Commander in Chief 1 and the spokesman of the Civil Service Commission 1, was the announcement of every day at 10.30 hrs. But today For the first time, will announce at 14.00 hrs. By using the press conference at the meeting room of Amrawiwat Bor.Por.1, which will make a press conference on the previous operation. And issues that society is wondering The inquiry official has not clarified at the meeting, not neglecting the issues that the people are interested in. Which the public can report more information at Director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station or the Police Commissioner 1
"Santana" decide!The watermelon case is 100% murder. Look out because he used to be a policeman before.|"Santana" fired a watermelon case, a 100% murder, revealing it because he had been a policeman before. Who came to give evidence, not because of hungry today (7 March) at 13.00 hrs. Mr. Santana Prayurarat, former police officer Traveled to give a testimony to the inquiry official Muang Nonthaburi Police Station The case of the actress "Watermelon Nida" or Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong, the speed boat died in the middle of the Chao Phraya River on 24 February, stating that she came on the day. This is because the incident with watermelon is a tragic cause. Therefore resulting in sympathy Both personal life Family life And even after being done Which he did not come because of hungry to find benefits or political issues in any way And do not want to refer to other people for the case of Mr. Achari Rueang Rattanaphong The president of the criminal victim club said that he did not trust his own words. He confirmed that he was not personal. I don't know what the genius is not happy about. But would like to say "Not a friend to play." Do not say hello, do not talk, especially the watermelon case. If Mr. Genius has information To come to contact the police like himself. As for the issues that they are inherited with the Commander in Chief and Major General Noppasilp Poolsawat, the Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission, confirmed that it can be distinguished. Which the watermelon is not about this opposition Who came to do this, not because of the said reason for Maj. Gen. Noppasilp Make this case intense as the case of Don Mueang new market as well. In this case, he did not follow. But the weight in the case is exist Most recently, social media helping to find evidence They believe that if helping each other This case must find the wrong person. And would like to confirm that the said case is a murder for the evidence that he brought today There were 10 people working together when they found an inquiry official. He will ask the staff on various issues first and will assess whether they should give or not. But I have not specified what kind of evidence As for the issue of falling watermelon's boat He confirmed that it was impossible to urinate at the back of the boat and then fall. Because of the wounds, the traces of the melon are very cruel. If speaking, he may have to touch the brake. Because the said person has a huge position And he did not believe in the investigation process In addition, the social world opened the Big Warp behind this story. He was afraid that if that person was not If allusion will be damaged. But if yes, it will lose the case. He has not identified the witness who told him to listen. And today can't bring the witness Do not see that they have gimmicks. But for the security of witnesses Because the witness does not trust and does not trust the police. However, the witness that tells him does not know the story directly from 5 people. He wants to talk to 5 people on the boat, but afraid that the police will find that they are intimidated. He confirmed that this case was 100% murder because he had been a policeman before.
The lawyer reveals social media "Mae Watermelon" is sick.Warning not to postDon't want to sue anyone|Today (7 Mar 65) at 13.05 hrs. Mr. Krishna Sri Bunpimngseng Lawyer of Mrs. Phanida Siriyuth Yothin, the mother of "Watermelon Nida" or Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong, traveled to Muang Nonthaburi police station again. To monitor the progress of the watermelon case After the morning he entered the police station but did not find the police involved. Mr. Krishna stated that today he came as a lawyer of Mrs. Phanida. Which was appointed 2 days ago, today is the first day that he is acting as a lawyer And after this, will proceed with the justice of the watermelon on the side of Nang Phanida When hearing various news Currently, the pressure occurred, so the pressure was not able to travel with him. However, today at 2:30 pm, Dr. Pornthip was arranged as well. To talk and listen to suggestions about the autopsy results But still do not ask to disclose the information. However, he has not had much information because it has just started to count 1 in the said case. As for the news remedies From now on, be a matter in court. Please do not let the news about the insurance policy again and will not refer to any person. But from the news issues about Mrs. Phanida earlier Must admit that Mrs. Phanida doesn't have a lawyer Therefore causing the mouth to fall out in many ways that affect the case When Mrs. Phanida saw the news, he was also sorry that the news direction was in another way. Be careful He did not want the lawsuit. And the case now, do not just accuse anyone. In the case of Mr. Dayas Dej, the elder brother, the watermelon, will let the commander come to help. They will go to talk to both his mother and brother today. This is the right of the brother who can do together. And confirmed without conflicts
The police banked the case "Watermelon". There was no evidence of accepting work. The knot "Robert" went.|At 14.20 hrs. At the Amrawiwat meeting room Provincial Police Headquarters Region 1, Pol. Maj. Gen. Yingyot Thep Chamnong, spokesman for the Royal Thai Police, Pol. Maj. Conservation of graduates Jointly announced the progress of the death of Watermelon Nida, spending more than 1 hour press conference and answering questions about the media. Pol. Maj. Gen. Udon said that for this case, now all 65 relevant persons have been interrogated. The mouth of witnesses, witnesses, surrounding, which will give the truth or not. The police have to interrogate all. In order to get useful information today (7 March), Mr. Santana Prayurat came to interrogate because it was specified that the information was useful for the case/ interrogating another boat owner about general information. Ship And is waiting for the results of the tissue examination from the watermelon's leg Which has been sent to the 2nd organization. In addition to the National Forensic Service, and today the police also allowed Job to take to search the house and have additional exams Especially about alcoholic beverages used to drink on a boat on the day of the incident. What kind of How much Because each type of drink will give different drinkers The police need to know the information here to analyze the behavior of the people on the boat, whether there will be a context that will lead in a more direction than an accident. The results of the search will be summarized in the press conference tomorrow again, while the 5 people on the boat will have intoxicated or not, because the 5 people have a lawyer, but the evidence on the boat will Can indicate Maj. Gen. Udon Accept that From the 5 witness examinations on the boat until now There are people who lie Because in separate exams There are people who do not speak. But will there be more than 1 person or not? Can't reveal Because it is an important part of the case As for the charges of negligence With more people on the boat? There is a tendency of about 50%, but it still depends on the evidence to gather whether or not for the case of claiming that The reason that the watermelon went to the boat that day Because there was a Big General And opened a hotel along the Chao Phraya River. Maj. Gen. Udon confirmed that this information does not exist. The police have technical evidence that 5 people on the boat are communicating with who. Found that only the watermelon was stated But there is no discussion in the direction of receiving work or seduced the prostitution. He asked the police to confirm that No one took the information to reveal. And with the honor of the police No one will persuade and the national police commander. Ordered directly to speed up this case as soon as possible for the watermelon family Would like to have the female doctor Khun Pornthip Join in the autopsy, emphasizing that the police do not block the third party to come and solve the case. If it is the needs of relatives But that person must be an organization or a person with both power and legal duties. If the process in the Commission in the Council will participate in this case Is responsible for calling to clarify only There is no authority to investigate the case of revealing that there is a witness who contacted the politicians in Samut Prakan province to ask for advice. The case confirms that there is no information about this. But when the media revealed, the doubts will continue to proceed but confirm that the police operations Inspected the relevant persons before the incident and after the entire incident And will call everyone who has contact with the witness on the boat Come to give all the words And information on mobile phones Confirm that if deleted, it can be recovered. However, until now, Sandwisa Phat has not received an appointment for the date and time to give additional testimony. Just said that confirmed to come in Which, if evaded and refused to come in The police will issue a subpoena. And followed up to interrogate for the doubts about Robert's appearance That in the picture and the real one are not the same, confirm that the fingerprints have been clearly checked That there is no switching As for the reason that doesn't look the same Robert has explained to the director. Muang Nonthaburi police station that Went to weave hair Even when the police asked for a DMA test Robert also has his own hair. Therefore have inquired So the person opened his own picture before we woven me to see Found that the bald head
"Doctor Pornthip" brushed into the autopsy of the watermelon because it was a senator involved.|"Doctor Pornthip" rejects the "watermelon" autopsy because it is a senator without power, unless being invited as a consultant. Related agencies reveal information about death with relatives today (7 March) Mr. Krishna Sri Bunpimngseng, lawyer of Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin Or the mother of "Watermelon", Miss Nida Patcharaweerapong with Miss Panuda Sirayut Yothin, a watermelon relative, came to see a female doctor, Khunying Pornthip Rojanasunan, Senate (Sen.) and Mr. Somchai Sawangkarn, President of the Human Rights Commission to ask to help. In order to clarify the case, especially about the autopsy of the watermelon melon. And received advice from the female doctor, Khunying Pornthip To prepare more information, submit to the Commission Again, tomorrow (8 March) and for the Commission, will see the information, then invite the relevant agencies to provide information to clarify the society. To participate in the autopsy, watermelon has no power, unless the agency will hire. Which is currently a senator unable to involve But can participate if invited to be a consultant But saw that the problem was caused by relatives unable to access all the deaths from the autopsy despite the right to know But finally had to ask from the police And the police do not give Causing relatives to not trust. If you get the examination information, everything will end. It is not necessary to lead to the 2nd autopsy and personally. If bringing all the evidence to see, it will be able to point out whether the case is an accident or not. Because it's not difficult As well as getting information about whether the wound occurred before or after drowning Which all information should be clear from the first autopsy Therefore, he, as a senator, will try to push the law to open the channel for relatives to have the right to access all the deaths.
"Lawyer Tum" revealed the handwriting letter "Mae Pang", this lawyer has only one person.Other lawyers, don't be busy.|Reporters reported that the lawyer Tum Tumsitra premium posted a picture of a letter. Handwriting of Mrs. Phanida Siriyut Yothin, the mother of the watermelon, Nida, who wrote to the lawyer Tum, stated that this case, mother hired Krishna lawyer Is responsible for the case Ask the lawyer Tum Or other lawyers Do not mess in any case. In which the text in the letter states that you learn Krishna Lawyer, Nong Watermelon case In which the mother hired Krishna lawyer Take care of this, but solely. Mother would like to inform everyone that At this time, he hired Khun Krishna alone. Is a lawyer in this case Other lawyers do not allow to be involved. In any case Everything about the case because the police have already proceeded with thoroughness. The police commander took care of Already give advice Mother is confident in the police, Nonthaburi police station has never been involved in any questions for you to work hard. Mother would like to tell Lawyer Sitra that Please do not involve the case of Nong Watermelon, not any case at all. Mother did not hire any lawyer at all. This letter came out after in the morning, punching the water, the watermelon's brother, met Mr Tum. In order to cooperate to prove the truth in the death of the sister Before the time later, Mae Panida finally wrote this letter.
Collecting "K hundred million", the nickname is flying.Release the cobra on the road in front of the mall|The Metropolitan City gathered "K hundred million". Casual fly after flying back from India. Cases of the frantic, releasing cobra on the road in front of the mall On 1 February, the police investigated the Lumpini Police Station together with the immigration police arresting Mr. Kennuen Thep Chakraphop Mahadet, 47 years old, or the nickname of the hundreds of millions of accused under the arrest warrant of the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court. In the case of 1 February, the accused of driving a car to park in the area of Ratchadamri Road. In front of the department store Near Ratchaprasong Intersection With the circumstances of the madness of self -assault and releasing a cobra on the road, causing stampede to the people who saw. On that day, the police at Lumpini police stationed, found that the injured person Therefore sent the culprit to treat at the police hospital, then gathered evidence to bring the culprit to proceed according to the law But after the doctor allowed to leave the hospital Mr. Ken Krit Nuathep Traveled out of the country until March 6, officials arrested while traveling from India to Thailand in the Suvarnabhumi Airport Bring the accused Somdet Chaopraya Psychiatry Institute In order to bring the inspection and treatment as requested by the doctor who has a letter to Lumpini Police Station. The investigation officers of Lumpini Police Station will have to wait for the diagnosis of the Somdet Chao Phraya Psychiatric Institute first. Therefore, the law will be implemented in accordance with Lieutenant General Samran Nuanma, the director of the Royal Thai Police has emphasized to ensure the people that Will focus on preventing crime for the people And when the incident occurred, the investigation will be accelerated, follow up and arrest the criminals to prosecute every case. If you see or have clues about the offense Please inform the hotline 191 or the local police station for further action.
Deputy Commander in Chief 1 Yan did not say that 2 people on the boat use drugs.The TV host asked to lead-summarize by themselves.|Deputy Commander in Chief 1 Yan did not say on television shows that there are 2 people on the boat using substance abuse. But the host concluded itself, while the "sand" testified But also confirmed the original word "watermelon" As for the search results for "Job", there are many bottles of alcohol. In accordance with the latest boat, postponing the announcement of the police officer, calling for an urgent meeting at the Royal Thai Police today (8 March), Pol. Maj. Gen. Udon Yomcharoen, Deputy Commander of the Provincial Police Region 1 ( Deputy Commander in Chief 1) as a spokesman for watermelon case Revealing the progress of the death of "Watermelon", Miss Nida Patchara Wiraphong, a famous star, stating that from the case of news reports that the police concluded the results of 5 people on the boat, using drugs 2 That person, in which one television show in the morning Is a question of the presence of the host In which he explained the inspection process, not saying that 2 in 5 people on the boat use substance abuse Therefore thought that it was a summary of the host that asked the question itself Ready to say that Drinking on the boat is already there. But will drink a lot of drinking in the results of the inspection But someone testified that drinking on the boat, while the additional testimony of Sand or Mr. Wisa Phatchamanairat still testified In line with the 2nd and 3rd testimony, while the police received additional information, asked the witness. In order to see that it will be in line with the charges The police are about to watch. But there is nothing more. The sand also confirms that the watermelon goes to urine the trunk for the bottle or Miss Ichsarin. Jutha Suksawat, the police called to give an additional testimony. After the interrogation before And Mr. Nisat Kirati Suthisorn or Job who gave a testimony after the police went to search the house to find alcohol After finding that the alcoholic beverage on the boat is supplied and alcoholic beverages that searched Must be proven to be related to the case of watermelon or not. Initially found that There are many bottles of alcohol that corresponds to the ship of the incident, including wine, champagne, and will it match the brand found on the boat? Must be submitted to prove that there are hidden fingerprints on the boat or something related to the boat. Also revealed the progress that Today, the sample of the meat is wound on the legs and other points to Siriraj Hospital to help inspect another way. Aside from an autopsy at the National Forensic Science Institute Police Hospital Due to Siriraj Hospital, a device that can be detected that the wound occurred before or after death. And occurs from what kind of object Therefore need to use special types of equipment and experts of the hospital To be used as evidence in the said case Confirm that the case has been progressing, but it is necessary to wait for the forensic inspection results from the probation division. And detailed autopsy results from the National Forensic Science Institute Police Hospital Including Siriraj Hospital It is expected that about 2-3 days, the official results should be completed for the press conference this morning at the multi-purpose meeting room. Regional Provincial Police Headquarters 1 Team, Division 1 Provincial Police Headquarters Region 1 is necessary to cancel Due to the urgent meeting summarizing the said case with the National Police Commissioner Expected to have a press conference again at around 2:30 pm.
Opened the history of Maj. Gen. Udon, spokesman for the watermelon case with a great phrase. "I took the exam no. 1.|Opened the history of Maj. Gen. Udon Yomcharoen, Deputy Commander of the Provincial Police Region 1, the case #Watermelon Chao Chao Phil. "I got the 1st honor. After yesterday (7 March), the police have set up a press conference on the progress of Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or a famous female melon. Who fell into the boat And is also a mystery that many people in society have questioned in many matters. Pol. Maj. Gen. Udon Yomcharoen, Deputy Commander of the Provincial Police Region 1, as a spokesman of the press conference Fired from the press conference room After being asked by the media, the police general "N" has sold secret information to the third party that "I can take the first exam. Police Department I am the leader of the police cadet. I came to sit here. I believe that my honor is enough. Please be confident in this case. "For the history of Maj. Gen. Udon Yomcharoen, Deputy Commander of the Provincial Police Region 1, was born on April 30, 1966. Currently, 56 years old, Maj. Gen. Udon Have already received many training courses For example, for the history of police officers of Maj. Gen. Udon Mi as follows
Know!The baby's body was frozen.In fact, the housekeeperClaiming that he couldn't lose his child|After this morning (8 March 65) Maj. Gen. Thawatchai Pongwiwatnachai Chiang Mai Provincial Police Commander, together with Col. Naru Balchit Jantanan, Director of Mae Ping Police Station And investigative officers Proofing officer Inspecting one of the houses in Soi 2, Wat Ket Subdistrict, Mueang District, Chiang Mai Province to find more evidence After last night, Mr. Wirat (Sanguan surname), 59 years old, the owner of this house Found the remains of the baby in the freezer in the house. In which the officers found unknown baby carcasses were wrapped in yellow blankets The condition remains only the skeleton. Beside the body, also found a child toy placed. Expected to die for more than 1 year, even Mrs. Sri Noi, the mother of Mr Wirat Which is the owner of the house Opened his heart in detail That the baby's body is not a child But was the child of Mr. Ae, 24 years old, the stepson of Mr Wirat, after Mr Wirat traveled abroad He and Mr. Eh are still at this house. Until about two years ago You have children and your girlfriend who are together. But later the child died in the womb Medicine, Nakornping Hospital Has been dissected and will proceed But Mr Eh would like to bring the body back to proceed himself. Say this, grandchildren He therefore scolded and told to burn or perform religious ceremonies. But Mr Eh said that he was the first child, still couldn't accept it. Before going to buy freezer to put in the body Said that one month Shortly thereafter he moved out to the new house. When asked Mr. Ae, he said that he had taken the body out of the house. Mr Aew and his girlfriend later learned that the burglary in a convenience store and was arrested and prosecuted with his girlfriend. Until now, still do not know whether the penalty is acquitted or recently, the investigation team in Mae Ping police station inquired to ask Grandmother Sri Noi. And follow you Knowing that he was still in prison at Chiang Mai Central Prison And will inquire at Nakhon Ping Hospital To gather all the information It is expected that before Mr Aeo took the body out to perform religious ceremonies as promised to Grandma. But was arrested and sent to the prison first Causing the baby's body to be left without anyone knowing
MP Phai stretched the chest!Calling "Por", the night of the incident "Watermelon" falls off the boat, does not help with the case.|"Phai Lick" is accepted! Call "Hi So Po" on the actual birthday. But just asking the incident Confirm not to help with the lawsuit today (8 March). Mr. Phai Lick, MP, Kamphaeng Phet The Thai Economic Party revealed that after the incident, Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or the famous actor, a famous actress falling a speed boat in the middle of the Chao Phraya water. He learned about the live. Therefore very worried Because I personally knew both the watermelon and Mr Nuphat Lertthaweewit or Po, so called to ask Mr. Tanuphat about what the story was. Phatthara stated that the watermelon went to urinate and then fall. Which I personally could not imagine And the second issue Talked about the past events that had been racing together and sat on the pickup truck and accidentally agreed Which was punished by this matter, causing Mr Tanuphat to worry about whether to suffer or not In which he told Mr Nuphat to go to see the watermelon first, and Mr Tanuphat said that he was looking for The police have contacted to inquire about telephone to talk to Mr Tanupat on the night of the incident or not. Mr Phai said that he thought that his story Probably not an issue Because nothing Because he always talked about the car And during this period, talked to both Mr Nuphat and the wife of Mr Nuphat for periodically Which is already known. Reporters asked further that Currently, society is worried that there will be help in the case. Mr. Phai confirmed that looking at the police's work and working very hard because it must solve the issues that society is wondering. Therefore, I would like to emphasize that the case like this has no one to help. And he didn't help anyway Don't know how to help And then he didn't want to take risks as well
"Anna" revealed that the police knew the watermelon case.Confident, friends will receive justice.|"Anna" believes that the police know everything in the watermelon case. Confident, friends will definitely receive justice today (8 March) at 16.40 hrs. After Mr Warinthorn Sungsang or Anna TV Pool testified to the police in the death of " Watermelon "Miss Nida Patcharapong, the actress who fell into a speed boat in the middle of the Chao Phraya River at the Police Investigation Division, Khuthorn Region 1 (Police Station 1) for more than 4 hours. Nana revealed that the testimony today Similar to what he came out in various programs In which the police focuses on their relationship with watermelon And the possibility of whether the watermelon is urinating on the boat or not, which he wants everyone to trust in the work of the police. Because he had already interrogated many mouths But the police probably can't disclose all the information As for anyone who receives the news and thinks first Please don't think Because most of the information that knows is the police But would not be able to reveal all the evidence In the beginning, he was not sure whether he could actually close the case or not. But when asked The police said that you can be confident. If you close the case, everything must be ready. In which he asked the police about watermelon friends And the former manager whether or not he had given a testimony Including many other questions, which they think the police know everything But can't speak Because someone may be alert and affecting the case. In the case that all 5 friends testified that the watermelon went to sit at the back of the boat, but "sand" told the rescue staff for the first time that the watermelon stood in the urine said that Anna said that That is not the same as something that is not normal When not normal, then have to wait and see if it will be as it should be. In which he focuses on the ship about what happened Please leave everyone who lives along the Chao Phraya River. To bring the images from the CCTV as much as possible. In the latter, he believed in the police. Because the police work is more detailed than expected At this time, friends will definitely receive justice. In addition, Anna also revealed the state of Bird's mental boyfriend that Now Bird's mental state is quite better. And have a plan to go to rest after the ceremony to mourn the watermelon In the past, he always tried to find a job for Bird. But Bird refused. By saying that it is a watermelon fan Whatever you come, let's stay like that. Didn't want anything from the death of the watermelon. As for the 4 cats that were seen to be with him He just took him to the doctor. In a few days, Bird will take back to take care. And would like to say that Now, there is a criminals claiming to be Bird to sell things or raise money. He confirmed that there was no belief. However, Bird did not ask about the lawsuit. Because Bird gave a lot of testimony to the police In which the person who met the police and acknowledged the possibility of the case Will be quite comfortable Just as they feel today Which would like to thank "A Supachai" or Mr. Supachai Srivijit and "Aum Patcharapa" or Miss Patcharapa Chaisuea who takes care of the cost of the watermelon funeral. Anna said in the period before Will give a testimony to the police today that The issue of drugs confirms that watermelon has never had a history of drug use. As well as accepting entertainment Watermelon never accepted this type of work. Want society to turn back to see that If the watermelon gets an entertainment job Probably not in debt Because the watermelon is a person who likes to find work by themselves. As for the possibility that the watermelon is deceived, Anna stated that he had to ask another person. Who is the job Because the watermelon is a very trustworthy person And will not ask the details of the work Just asking his own duty to do what to do. Anna also revealed the case of having an attempt to conceal the relationship of the people on the boat that No possibility Because the watermelon knows only the bottle of the bottle. The watermelon does not know before. In addition, Anna also leaves the society according to the images in the negative. Disappear why And what comments are there? Many people think that she and Mae Watermelon have conflicts in this matter. He confirmed that there was no problem, still respecting Mae Taeng as before. Because he was a friend of a friend But admitted that after the phone was in the list Still not talking to mom again If the mother wants to clear or talk with her, it is pleased to observe that she is quiet, not saying anything, the reason is because if he compared himself as a watermelon Would not want anyone to say that mother
Stressful police examBaby mother in the freezerI never knew before.Who would like to soak the child like that?|The progress of the case of the remains of the male baby in the freezer. Most recently, this afternoon, Mae Ping Police Station invited Mr. Wirat, 59, the owner of the house, Mr Thongchai, 66, brother -in -law, including Miss Pink (assumed name), 33 years old, wife of Mr. Ew. Come to interrogate more, with Ms. Pink brought evidence as a medical certificate from Nakornping Hospital Come to perform with the inquiry official In the said certificate, the doctor commented on the medical certificate that "The treatment history at Nakornping Hospital 5-8 March 2021 has been diagnosed with a 29 week pregnancy, with high blood pressure during severe pregnancy, the baby dies in the womb and has a pre-recession. And received a cesarean surgery on 5 March 2021 and was treated in the hospital from 5-8 March 2021. "Ms. Pink Tell reporters Confirmed that he never knew that the body was in the closet and no one wanted to take the child like that. After the child died in the womb and the doctor operated Mr Eh, the boyfriend, said that he would take the body to handle himself. By knowing that the adoptive father brought 5,000 baht to the girlfriend to manage religious ceremonies And in the past, my girlfriend said that he had done the ceremony Without telling any details After that, I didn't talk about this again. Because he was sad and didn't want to know anything. Miss Pink said that he had 3 children with his ex -husband and Mr Aew had the first child. As for this house, I have been to many times before the stomach and after the stomach. But never went to live But went to talk from time to time and never knew that there was a freezer in the house Because he had never been inside. Mr Wirat, the owner of the house, who found the baby's body in the first freezer, gave information that at first opening the room, saw that there was a freezer in the room. Understand that to soak the drink Until last night He bought a drink to raise workers who helped to improve the house. Saw that there was a freezer in the room and then took to soak the drink But the cabinet is locked Therefore leverage the lock And open the booth Got a foul odor When checking, he saw the wrap. At first I didn't think it was a baby's body. But when looking at the flashlight, he saw that the fabric was wrapped There is also a formaline smell. After that, he tried to inquire if the said freezer was left. Because he had just returned from abroad for a few days Including informing the police and inspected However, the investigation officer Has collected evidence documents Along with the testimony of those involved To summarize the investigation by legal procedures In the body of the baby found, after the examination, the autopsy will be given to the relatives to take back to perform religious rituals.
Big love, 63 -year -old uncle shot a former big girlfriend, extinguished with friends.I don't care about my life.|The big love of the 63 -year -old uncle shot a former big girlfriend, extinguished with 2 friends, Kwan, not caring for the other 2 requests to escape to survive at 02.20 hrs. Book Jongjaruwong, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station Notified of a shot, there were 2 deaths at the scene of one house, Soi 28, Village No. 1, Ban Mai Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District, Pathum Thani Province. Jatuporn Kongmuang District, Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station Investigation officer Volunteer Foundation Doctors, Forensic Science Institute, Ministry of Justice at the scene of a 2 -story wooden house below, the alcohol circle, found 2 people. Knowing the name of Miss Suchada, 54 years old, has a wound being shot with an unknown gun in the right arm. And 3 matches, causing death A little apart, another person who died, Mr. Chanukit, 49, with a wound being shot in the head and chest, a total of 3 matches, causing death On the folk, 6 mm shell shells were found. The officers then kept it as evidence. The bullet also pierced the house pole that was steel through the wall of the house. In addition, 2 people in the event were shocked. Know the name of Mrs. Chaow, aged 64, and Miss Palauan, 55 years old. Mrs. Chaow testified that The house where the accident was his own home. In which the group of friends have set up a beer beer since 8:00 pm, which they did not eat but sat as a friend With the two deaths, the survivors of the survivors and Mr Lert, 63 years old, gunman, by eating, sitting, talking as usual While sitting and eating, there was no attitude about what arguments. Even at 02.00 hrs. Different will disperse. Mr. Lert then got up and walked back and forth before using a firearm to shoot at the leg of Ms. Suchada until it collapsed. Therefore took the firearm to shoot in the head, causing death Before Mr Lert went back to shoot at S. Suchada Once again, the person still requested his life, "Khoi agreed and Khoi agreed" before escaping by driving a car. The motorcycle goes quickly. During the incident, she and his sister ran away from the bathroom and storage and sneaking through the glass. Until the sound of the gun was calm, then hurriedly called the police to coordinate the rescue team to help Mrs. Chaow Also revealed that For Mr. Lert The gunman who has a career to drive a motorcycle with Ms. Suchada, who is a housewife of a university. Have been together for a while Even on the 5th, on March 6, 2022, both came to sit and drink at their own home. Before arguing to the point of recording as evidence Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station In which the man wants to bring the gold necklace Gold ring bought back But the woman said that it was sold for a long time and wanted to break up After that, Mr Lert tried to reconcile many times, both of them had been in love with each other many times until the morning of March 8, 2022, knowing that Mr Lert had driven. The motorcycle motorcycle came to the house to come to see Ms. Pla, her sister to be the middleman to bring money to buy gold to Miss Suchada to reconcile. But knew that the woman said that he didn't go back again Mr Lert then returned and came again in the evening before the incident. As for the reason, he was expected to be jealous because Mr Lert thinks that Ms. Suchada, a former girlfriend who broke up, did not return to reconcile. While also going out with Mr. Janukit Therefore used firearms to shoot until the deaths of Pol. Col. Chatuphon Kongmuang, Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station, revealed that the inquiry officers and investigations accelerate the testimony at the scene in detail. As well as arranging the investigation kit to inspect the CCTV to find the escape route of the criminal and the way to find the police to arrest the case. In this regard, the volunteer of the Ruam Kanyu Foundation brought the dead body. Thammasat Hospital Chalermprakiet In order to wait for the kith and kin to return to the religious merit -making
Reverend Grandfather Hong1 inch northeastern northeast|Racer nail "Reverend Grandfather Hong", the northeastern Khemang, has been stolen. The latest has been returned. 1 inch. The occupant claimed from a friend has not found another 3 inches. Is the finger nails of Luang Pu Hong Phrom Panyo, South Isan Lead to inspection And after the investigation found that The body of Reverend Grandfather Hong, in the part of the fingernails, has disappeared in the amount of 4 inches, which is the left side, disappearing 3 inches, is the index finger and the little finger. Prasat District Which is the person who brought the image of Reverend Grandfather Hong Post on personal Facebook Brought 1 nail for Reverend Grandfather Hong to return to Phra Kru Supattanakit Deputy Dean of Prasat District After that, he coordinated the body of the body of the Reverend Grandfather Hong to return to the Rector of the Suree Nono, the abbot of Phetchaburi Temple. Already by Mr. Suchart Revealed on the phone that Admit that you Is the leader of the image of the fingers of Luang Pu Hong to post Because it was received from a friend who traveled from Suphanburi Have a wife in Surin Traveled to make merit at Luang Pu Hong Cemetery On March 5 On March 6 The said friend came to him at home. And saw himself hanging the coin of Reverend Grandfather Hong. The first version of the hair, the yellow robe, Luang Pu, in the frame, friends would like to exchange with the body's body of Luang Pu. Friends said that Luang Pu's nails Derived from him to pay respect And wipe the cotton ball to wipe the hand of Luang Pu, with nails attached to the exchanging Buddha amulet, Luang Pu, then took a picture of Reverend Grandfather Hong on Facebook on March 6, then on March 7 Friends call to bring the body of Luang Pu. Go back to the temple Because it was breaking the law Is not appropriate to do Because Reverend Grandfather is respected by the disciples that are all over the country After that, he brought Luang Pu's body to Phra Kru Supattanakit. Deputy Dean of Prasat District While the Rector of the Identity Suchinon, Abbot of Phetchaburi Temple Along with the temple committee will perform the ceremony Attached to the body of Luang Pu Hong On March 10 at 09.00 hrs. Because of not being able to know Sorry for the abbot of the temple and pupil of Luang Pu Hong. With great respect, the reporter added that the 3 inch nails of Luang Pu Hong Still do not know exactly when it has disappeared. And who stolen Which will have further investigation and follow
Okay!The young man met the police and ran away.Leaving the girlfriend being caught with 198,000 amphetamine tablets|This minute must survive first! The young man met the police, rushed away, leaving his girlfriend and was arrested alone. With 198,000 amphetamine tablets (8 March 65) at the Provincial Police Investigation Division, Region 4, Pol.Col. Phatthanasak Yi Sanphat, Director of Investigation 2, SorBor. . Miss Sirilak, 21 years old, with a methamphetamine of 198,000, 3 mobile phones, Honda City sedans, gray, registration of Yeth-9098, Bangkok before arresting. Police officers investigated 2 Police Station 4, received notification from good citizens that In the night of 10 pm, March 6, 2022, a large drug trafficking group Will deliver many amphetamines at the electric pole on the road entrance to sugarcane Beside Maliwan Road, the route between Nong Ruea District to Chum Phae District, Khon Kaen Province. The entrance to the sugarcane farm will have a kilometer to tell the distance for another 16 kilometers to Chum Phae. After that, the electricity pole on the entrance to the sugarcane farm. Found 1 sack of sacks, believed to be amphetamines Therefore laid out the surrounding circumstances Later, there was a black Hona City brand sedan attached to the license plate. 6 9098 Bangkok. Drive to the electric pole area and the driver of the car, then get out of the car and try to lift the sack into the sedan. The police then showed the search. The said man left the sack and ran away into the sugarcane forest. In the sedan, there is only a 21 -year -old Miss Sirilak, sitting in the front seat and tries to run away. The police then detained him, while the sack left beside that car. Police officers have carved sacks to inspect the interior, found a total of 34 amphetamines, a total of 198,000 methamphetamine and found a mobile phone. Fall into the car, amount 3 machines with the ID card of Mr. Arm, 33 years old, Ms. Sirilak To confess That the capitalists who were Laos informed that they were to take methamphetamine at the electric pole on the road entrance to sugarcane Beside Maliwan Road, the route between Nong Ruea District to Chum Phae District, then distributed all the amphetamines to the customers in the neighborhood according to the order of the Lao PDR. And admitted that Mr Arm and he actually involved in methamphetamine Which on the birthday Invited him to be a friend In order to get the amphetamine that the Lao capitalist wants to spread to customers in the neighborhood according to the capitalists' orders Which before traveling to pick up that amphetamine, together to use the amphetamine at home, then traveled to the meeting point to receive amphetamines Until being arrested by the police Police officers brought Ms. Sirilak Went to check the urine to find substance abuse in the body at Khon Kaen Hospital, with a positive result, the police have reported charges of drug abuse 1 (amphetamine) illegally and charged with Mr. Arm Wong Chanla Distribution of drugs category 1 (amphetamine) for trade and causing illegal spread in the public.
The physical teacher raped the students for 8 years since the age of 13, filming a clip threatening 2 abortions.|The 52 -year -old teacher raped the students from the age of 13 to the present for 8 years, filming a clip, threatening to abuse 2 times. Bringing to catch the 52 -year -old man while taking a young woman to walk into the car In front of the food shop Along Phahonyothin Road, Pak Nam Pho Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Sawan District, Nakhon Sawan Province, with the police arrest warrant of this man charged with a minor under 15 years to act. After the injured person reported to condone the man as a physical teacher of a school in Kamphaeng Phet Causing the rape of a 13 -year -old female student and filmed a clip while having sex To intimidate Which this physical teacher came to take care of the girl After the mother died And let the child call him father Before rape from the age of 13 to the present, 21 years old, a total of 8 years, using intimidation clips all the time Even the victim graduated and moved to relatives in Bangkok. And used to rape until pregnant Before forced to abort up to 2 times in January 2022, the victim traveled back to Kamphaeng Phet province. The gym teacher knew it and found it. And would like to have sex by intimidating that if he did not agree to bring the clip to reveal to others And also attacked the body and threatened the victim until it was in a state of disobedience and had to have sex after the incident. arrest warrant By allowing children to lure The physical teacher came out to meet Claiming to pay in exchange for deleting the clip Before the police arrested the preliminary The accused confessed that the actual child clip was filmed. And searched the car, found the phone as the child testified That is used to shoot intimidating clips The police then detained to the Human Trafficking Suppression Division. To interrogate thoroughly
Hunt for sin, sneak, steal 4 -inch nails from the body of Luang Pu Hong.Famous teacher|Hunt for sinner Secretly stealing the body of the body of Luang Pu Hong Phrom Panyo, a famous teacher of the south of the northeastern region, disappearing 4 inches today (9 March) at 09.45 hrs. At Prasat Petch, Thung Mon Castle, Phetchaburi Temple, Prasat District, Province Surin Police officers, probation, Surin Province, together with Col. Sinthu, Paiboon, Director of Thungmon Police Station The officer investigated the Thung Mon Police Station, along with the Rector of the Luk Sue Chinno, the abbot of Phetchaburi Temple. Or Luang Pu Hong Temple And the committee The supervisor of Thungmon Cemetery, Phetchaburi Temple, participated in inspecting the body of Luang Pu Hong Phrom Panyo after having a good hand in the social media world that Received prestige from Luang Pu Is the finger nails of Luang Pu Therefore there was an inspection and after the investigation found that The body of Reverend Grandfather Hong Phrom Panyo, especially the fingernails disappear, the amount of 4 inches is the left side, disappearing 3 inches, the middle finger and the little finger. Interview and have not disclosed information in any way Because he had to accelerate the collection of evidence Before accelerating the investigation, following up and following up with the smuggling of the body of the body of Luang Pu Hong Phrom Panyo to proceed with the law. Mr. Chaiyut Limwattanukul Village Headman Nong Bot Village, Village No. 9, Thung Mon Sub -district Committee Said both tears that He didn't think that this happened. In which the Reverend Grandfather's robe changing ceremony The temple will be held every year, and the matter that happened. The committee just knew that someone was shared. Therefore would like those who bring it back And asked the police to prosecute to the end The Rector of the Identity, Suchin Non, Abbot of Phetchaburi Temple Or Luang Pu Hong Temple, said that on March 5, 2022, the temple held a ceremony to change the body of the body of Luang Pu Hong. With a lot of disciples participating After a short ceremony, he knew that there was a post in the social world that With a person who posted that he worshiped the nails of Luang Pu Hong It is the source of this physiology. Expected the person who committed May be the same person That took the opportunity to steal during the glass coffin And no one noticed how many nails have been stolen Because the nails disappeared to 4 inches because the temple will perform the robes Because the glass coffin of Luang Pu The temple will open only once a year. Therefore alms to the offender To bring the nails of Luang Pu to return for the history of Reverend Grandfather Hong Phrom Panyo, a famous monk in Chang Which died at the age of 97 years by Luang Pu was born on Thursday, March 5, 1917. Death on Wednesday 5 March 2014, 97 years old, bored, to create sadness for pupils and people of Surin, as well as pupils throughout the country. Reverend Grandfather Hong Phrom Panyo is one of the most tall -year -old monks of the northeast region. Ordained since the age of 20, never felt that he was a highly compassionate monk And is a Cambodian Buddha with magical magic Has been accepted by people in the area and other for many decades. By creating many amulets of sacred objects And is very popular both from Thai and foreigners
The younger brother shot the older sister.The bullet pierced the 8 matches, quarreling about the mother attached|The younger brother shot the older sister. The bullet pierced the 8 shots. Father revealed that he had to quarrel from a child until they had to separate the house. To the broken point, quarreling about the mother Suphan Buri Province Police Lieutenant Colonel Somjet Nuchanart, Deputy Inspector Suphan Buri Police Station Notified of the shooting of each other at the Fresh Market, Suphan Buri Municipality Therefore reporting the supervisor to inspect and inspect Maj. Gen. Kriangkrai Wuttiphanit, Ph.D., Suphan Buri Province, Pol. Col. Thatchachai Thipnet, Director of Muang Suphan Buri Police Station, Rojanarut Police Station Deputy Director of Investigation, Investigation, Medical Investigation, Chao Phraya Yomarat Hospital And the Kaew Kaew Rescue Association, Suphan Buri Highway at the scene of the parking lot on Khun Ram Road, Tha Phi Subdistrict The body of the deceased was found as a woman named Miss Somporn, 37, shot with a 9 mm gun, entered the legs, arms, and head, totaling 8 shots, lying on the back of the sedan. The black color found the same size of the same size of the shell, scattered, and the officers were kept as evidence. From the inquiry, Mr. Chuchat, 63, the uncle of the deceased, said that The shot was the younger brother of the deceased, named Mr. Sopon, 35 years old before the incident, while he was working close to each other, heard the voices of both arguments but could not catch the argument. But knowing that this brothers have had quarrels for many years Until the incident occurred in Pol.Lt.Gen. Kriangkrai Wuttiphanit, Ph.D., Suphan Buri Province Revealed that the criminal who caused the younger brother of the deceased In which the deceased is a sales career and a parking business At the scene of the incident Before the incident, the mother and worker of the deceased were infected. Was sent to treat at two thousand Buri hotels And before the incident, the deceased and the culprit Going to take the Myanmar workers Which is a high risk group Go to check for ok-19 But before taking the workers to check, they were arguing. Not long after that, the younger brother Walked to grab the gun in the car, shot the older sister like crazy until the older sister fell But the younger brother was not satisfied, walking and firing repeatedly until the older sister lost his heart Then surrendered to the police and confessed that he would endure and then proceeded to cause the father of the deceased after knowing that the children killed each other, then quickly traveled from the two brothers and sisters to see the scene with relatives. When he saw his daughter's body lying down, he cried. While saying that these brothers have had quarrels since childhood Unable to live together, so he bought a house for his son in different places but not far away The daughter also bought the grocery store and parking. But do not think that the brothers will come to kill each other. Initially, the officers reported Mr Sopon The deceased brother On the charge of killing others intentionally Carry a firearm in public without permission. If the investigation is found to have additional offenses, then will further report the allegations.
The call center gang to the next level!Most recently, dare to open the cameraIs a police officer, but can move the mouth|The internet users shared a clip from the Tiktok application user account name @siripatty. Is a clip that shoots a mobile phone screen while the gang of criminals call in by impersonating as a police And called on the camera to open the camera to trust or die that those who call in Which is the gang of criminals Is really a police officer, but when the receiver pressed the camera to open the camera Found that it was a still image of the police but the mouth moved It is expected that using the DEEP FAKE technology to use to deceive to transfer money as a crime that has occurred for a long time. And became another news about last year Comes in the form of a call center gang Who called the victim, claiming to call from the parcel transportation company And continued to say that the victim had illegal parcels left at the customs checkpoint while waiting to send to China Before transferring to another Who falsely became a policeman To increase credibility Which the police station that is often pretending to be in the first period is the Chiang Mai Provincial Police Station Before changing to claim other police stations
Collecting many online caravansFather Lao-Mae Lao, aged only 15 years, temptation to sell the service|On March 10, 65 at the Provincial Police Headquarters Region 5, Chiang Mai Province, Pol.Lt.Gen. As the Deputy Director of Child Protection Center, Women, Family, Prevention and Suppression of Human Trafficking and Fisheries The Royal Thai Police and Pol.Lt.Gen. Piyat Wichai, Commander of the Provincial Police Region 5, jointly announced the results of the suppression of human trafficking in the northern region. Pol. Maj. Gen. Tor Sak revealed that in the past, the police Together with many agencies Investigate the arrest of 4 offenders in Lampang and Chiang Mai. Case 1, Ticac Operations, together with the Hug Project Foundation and Muang Lampang Police Station. Jointly investigated until knowing that There are Twitter users posting sex services. By allowing those interested in adding LINE to inquire via QR code line And posting pictures of women who sell sex services Ready to give the ID LINE to contact directly Which later the investigation operations knew that There is a form of behavior in the offense, that is, Father Lao will post advertisements that can find prostitution. Notify the announcement on Twitter When customers are interested, contact through the ID LINE as stated. Father will send women's information to provide sexual services to customers. By calculating sexual service fees The price is around 1,500 -2,000 baht at a time, which the customer will transfer money into the father's account. Or use cash methods for girls to serve After that, the father will break the queue around 500 baht at a time. Father Lao is a young man aged only 16 years. It is the admin of the Twitter. Will be responsible for persuading customers Ready to bring 2 young women under the age of 15 to send to customers in the area of Muang District, Lampang Province. And can help protect the two girls and expand the arrest of 12 prostitution buyers. The buyers of prostitution are both civil servants, businessmen and the general public in the area near the case 2, the funeral series of the Police Station. 5 together with the multidisciplinary team in Lampang Province and Hang Chat Police Station have been notified by parents. To go to the area to help protect 2 girls by investigating until knowing that There are still 9 years old, 9 people who have been persuaded to prostitution as well. Therefore hurried to help protect the other 9 people after restoring the mental state Makes you know the style of the circumstances, with the father, who is a senior who has known each other before Of the two girls came to persuade, contact to stay together After that, Father Lao said to persuade the girl. To help make a living Along with informing that both girls go to receive prostitution With customers in the form of sex At hotels in the district District Hang Chat, Lampang Province In which Father Lao has posted to sell prostitution through Twitter After the customer joined the prostitution with the girl, then transferred the money into the account of Father Lao for 3,500 baht. Father Lao has divided the money for both girls only 300 baht per person. The arrest of prostitution, 45 -year -old Thai man in Lampang province, case 3 and 4 occurred in the area of Fang District, Chiang Mai Province. There are Twitter users posting sex services. If someone is interested in adding LINE In order to make an appointment and send the details of the woman to give prostitution By calculating sexual service fees The price is around 2,000 - 3,000 baht at a time, which the customer prostitute will transfer money into the Mae Lao account. After that, the mother will break the head of the queue around 200 - 500 baht at a time and then transfer money to the girls who come to prostitution. After the officers helped a 16 -year -old girl and 14 years old, the prostitution And arrested the mother of the young woman, a 15 -year -old female youth, Twitter admin in Pathum Thani province and is currently in the process of expanding the arrest of prostitution. After that, 9-year-old girl was rescued in Fang District, and also knew that there were 3-5 mothers who were between 16-20 years old, who were influential in female teenagers. To persuade deceit and force threatening A group of children who are juniors to come to receive prostitution In which Mae Lao will be a contact with customers in the area As well as offering work in the form of pure children Which will have a high price Customers who come to buy prostitution tend to be a group of businessmen with high incomes. Came to contact to buy prostitution 20,000 - 25,000 baht per time, with Mae Lao deducting the head of the queue of 5,000 - 15,000 baht per time. It can be seen that most of the girls who are tempted or forced to do it are only 14-15 years old and almost 18 years old. Also found that the supplier Or Father Lao-Mae Lao Which is an admin contact with the customer is still a 15-16 year old child, and in some cases there are still businessmen and senior civil servants in the area that has become a service buyer Which in this section confirms that Such acts are guilty of high penalty. And even if being a senior civil servant, it confirms that there will be no omission. If involved And must be punished equally Because it is an offense under the Protection of Human Trafficking Act 2008, a high penalty offense. And is an incorrect encouraging children According to the Child Protection Act
Be careful of robbers!Trick to accept the donation of the trendClaiming to help the watermelon funeral-who faces war in Ukraine|On March 10, 2022, Pol. Col. Siriwat Dee, Deputy spokesman for the Royal Thai Police said that according to Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, the Commander in Chief, has a policy to National Police Agency Notify and publicize to the public about technology crimes And has reiterated the police to investigate the offenders continuously to prosecute the law continuously. At this time, there are opportunities for criminals by using both domestic and international events that are in the interest of the people. Whether the death of the famous actor, Ms. Phattharathida (Nida), Patcharaweerapong or Watermelon and the fighting incident between The Russian Federation and Ukraine deceive people through social media. To transfer the donation by claiming to help in the funeral Or claiming to help immigrants who have suffered from war Or deceived, claiming that he wanted money to help move assets from the war area and will divide the property etc. Therefore would like to alert people to be careful And check carefully that the person or agency that is actually accepting donations Has actually suffered And is the same person with someone who is actually claimed Especially requesting donations through social media To prevent the victims of the criminals who seize the opportunity from the suffering of others To be used as a tool to pursue benefits And warn to the criminals who are thinking of taking advantage of the suffering of others Must be prosecuted for public fraud And offense according to Computer Crime Act 2007 and amended Which has a high imprisonment rate for no more than 5 years or a fine of not more than 100,000 baht or both. Or which website That has false behaviors accepting donations Or suspicious that it may be a group of criminals to deceive people You can report clues to the hotline 191 and the National Police Hotline 1599 24 hours a day.
Dr. Ning Sophida analyzed the wound on the watermelon leg.Most of the boat propeller cases are not just one wound.|Dr. Thawatchai Kanchanarin, Father of Ning Sopida, analyzes the wound on the watermelon legs. There is a little case that has been hit by a ship's propeller and found a single wound (10 March 65) Dr. Thawatchai Kanchanarin, former surgeon, Phra Mongkutklao Hospital, Father of Ningphida Kanchanarin, Miss Thailand Thailand 2018 Analyze the wounds on the watermelon's legs. According to the news that is caused by a boat propeller Compared to foreign research From the picture, it was found that the animals in the sea that were hit by the ship's propeller will have no less than 3 wounds, stating that ... "The wound caused by a ship fan while rotating. Will be torn (Lacerations) multiple wounds (deep) and parallel (parallel) three -pointed propeller, which rotates 3,200 rpm, hitting the body 9,600 times per minute or 160 times per second. "Many research Describe the wounds from the propeller in the same way. Very little to find one wound, not deep From the research, it was found that there was one. (Yellow circle) is the only wound that the tendon's feet are not broken, but that is caused by slippery and stumbled on the propeller, which is parked on land. "There are also comments that The boat model at the scene has information that If there is anything, the propeller will stop working immediately. Therefore thought that there would be more wounds on the boat than the water melon Dr. Thawatchai replied that he had to try to test by lifting the boat instead of the plane. Then use pork legs in various directions See if it can cause wounds like that or not. The Forensic Science Institute revealed that after being informed by the investigation officer, found the body of Miss Nida Patcharaweerapong or the watermelon that fell into the boat, the Chao Phraya died. Therefore traveled to inspect the preliminary examination at Pibulsongkram 1, found that the condition of the corpse began to rot Looking at the face, I can't remember. But there are clothes that are bodysuits and jewelry, which the relatives confirmed that it belongs to the watermelon before actually dying. The corpse is expected to have died for almost 2 days in line with the period that has been informed that watermelon is watering. The body found a large wound. The right leg and the right leg is slightly wound. As for other areas Not found from a large wound on the right leg. Because it is often found in the body that falls into the water But can it be caused by any wounds and something else? Must have the forensic medical doctor, police hospital to see if there are other objects that can be compatible. And must compare that suspicious objects that can cause wounds
Commander in Chief 1, today, has not closed the watermelon case.The evidence is still indicating an accident.Not a murder|Commander in Chief 1, today, has not closed the watermelon case. The evidence is still indicating an accident. Not a murder If found that the witness on the boat gives false testimony, the prosecution will be prosecuted (11 March 65) Police Lieutenant General Chiraphat Phumjit, Commander of the Provincial Police Region 1, confirms that the police have not yet concluded the case or closing the watermelon case. Falling dead Today, according to the news in any way Since it is in the process of collecting evidence Especially the forensic science that has been sent to the Department of Forensic Science Faculty of Medicine Siriraj Hospital Mahidol University In order to inspect and solve the doubts parallel with the National Forensic Science Institute, police hospital Which if all results come The National Forensic Science Institute will collect reports to send investigative officers. As well as the results of the proof That will be sent to the inquiry official Data analysis The part of the body of the actress has a head and teeth, which is abnormal from drowning. For this, the Provincial Police Commissioner Region 1 says that if anyone has information Or have evidence Then come in and information with the inquiry official for inspection As for the invitation of those who reveal this or not, depending on the riot of the inquiry official. Because now the testimony has been interrogated more than 80 mouths, which will bring all the testimony of forensic evidence Everything that can be collected To analyze in order to summarize the event to get the facts Just as witnesses on the boat To not be the same or not to be considered false or not In this regard, the police will also analyze the evidence as well. Also confirmed that all the evidence is now just an accident case The evidence has not been found as a murder case as this society focuses on this issue. At this time, there are still 2 suspects, Mr. Robert and Mr. Por on negligence, causing death to others.
The Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police is not worried about the watermelon case.Most recently, the financial path has been examined.|The director of the police revealed that more than 90 "Watermelon" witnesses are waiting for the official autopsy. And experts before summarizing the idiom Most recently, the financial path has been examined. Confirm not to pressure-without intervention today (11 March). Pol. Maj. Gen. Prachuap Wongsuk, the Police Department, revealed the progress of the death of Ms. Phattharathidarat. Wiraphong or "Watermelon" that the inquiry official has interrogated more than 90 witnesses in this amount, including witnesses in each area Along with forensic examination Example Real events CCTV inspection Mobile phone and video clip Including the financial routes of all those involved From the evidence that has nothing to indicate that the murder But if there is a new clue or evidence Officials are ready to investigate and investigate the said fact. But still do not summarize the idiom Due to waiting for the official autopsy results from the forensic As well as opinions from experts That checks images from CCTV and mobile phones Including various clips inspection results Which is shared on social media. If receiving a complete report from all sectors, there will be a summary of the case. Without confirming whether to end within 1 week or not Due to the results of the proof and opinion from experts, it cannot be accelerated. But believe that this case is a case that every sector is watching Believed to be able to accelerate and stated that From checking the clip until now There has not been a quarrel on the boat, pushing the boat, including the "watermelon" floating, but friends on the boat do not help. Which has to wait for each assembly to assemble Confirmed that the police did nothing to worry about Because he investigated according to the evidence Adhere to the law, no one can pressure the work in this case The accused in this case is only Mr. Por and Mr Robert. The other 3 have not reported additional charges in any way.
Open the picture of a tragic, shot, shot.|Revealing a tragic minute The younger brother shot 8 shots, shot off the horror. Most recently, the father invited the monk to invite the spirit from the case of Miss Somporn, 37 years old, shot with a 9 mm gun into the legs, arms, body and head, totaling 8. Appointment by the culprit, Mr. Sophon, 35 years old, the younger brother of the deceased himself. Caused by The younger brother complained that the older sister That the mother is not good, let the mother infected But was cursed by the elder sister, so he was angry with the gun in the pickup truck, walking around and shot at the older sister's body Before walking out of the scene to surrender to the police The incident occurred at the Fresh Market, Suphan Buri Municipality. On the late March 10, as the latest news proposed Reporters reported that today (11 March) at 17.00 hrs. Mr. Apisak, 61, the father of the deceased, invited the monks to invite the spirit of Ms. Somporn's daughter to perform religious ceremonies. There will be a funeral ceremony at Wat Yo Suwan, Khok Kho Tao Subdistrict, Mueang Suphan Buri District for 3 nights and will conduct a cremation ceremony on Monday 14 March at 16.00 hrs. Told me with tears that Met and talked to Mr Sopon's son and his son said to apologize to his father and repentant Said that because of the arguments, arguing until causing anger and lack of consciousness Due to suppressing for a long time until pressure Since this brothers have argued since childhood, not being discussed, and the cause of the argument on the day of the incident was caused by an angry son at the mother. COVID-infected Therefore accused the older sister how to take care of the mother But was cursed by his sister that he also loved his mother The infection is not to blame each other. For this reason, the son is angry and anger. Unable to bear, then caused the incident He felt so sad that he couldn't speak. The child died, the son must go to jail. The police have reported charges of Mr. Sophon, the younger brother of the deceased. On the charge of killing others intentionally Bring firearms to the public. Village without permission If the investigation is found to have other offenses Will continue to report more allegations
Found a picture of a cut in front of the district, jealousyWalk across the road to surrender at the police station|The brutal husband shot the shot of the wife. Died in front of Phanom Sarakham District, Chachoengsao Province before crossing the road Surrendered to the police at the police station in the event of a shot until the injured and died At the duty area that Phanom Sarakham District, Chachoengsao Province, at 13.05 hrs. Of the 10th of March, with a 11 mm firearm shooting. Choeng, the girl with the wife of Mr. Charat Despite having 2 children and has a legal marriage registration for a long time After the incident, walking across the road In order to surrender to the police at Phanom Sarakham Police Station, which is on the opposite side, the reporter reported that the latest today (12 March) at 11.30 hrs. The case of the case of the case Revealed that he brought Mr. Jaras the incident to interrogate and sign the evidence. And documents related to the case In sending the power to be detention to the court Chachoengsao province, with Mr. Jarat, has a smooth attitude. And does not have a resistant attitude by agreeing to follow the steps in various processes Of the police officers in every step After that, the inquiry official then sent a request for the power to be imprisoned to the court. Chachoengsao province via video conferencing And after the court has approved to send the first jail The police then brought the accused to the Central Prison in Chachoengsao province immediately. Police Lieutenant Colonel Wichay said that after the incident, the relatives of the accused came to submit the matter in order to ask for a temporary release. But in the inquiry official, there is an opinion that This case is a serious case that occurs in the eyes of the people in the area of Phanom Sarakham District Office. Therefore not allowed to bail in the inquiry official If the relatives wish to ask to temporarily release Able to file a petition to the court by the inquiry official Did not oppose the bail in court But please be the discretion of the court itself Which today has summarized the case in order to apply for power to the court With the allegations that "Killing others intentionally Carry a firearm in the city, village, public way without a reasonable reason or urgent. And shooting a gun in public. "Today, in the morning, the accused was interrogated again. Because the accused would ask to give a testifying in court After the relatives have contacted and brought the Mr. to join the fight in the case as well.
The mother went to detain the chok to shock her 9 -year -old daughter being raped by his stepfather.Closed Circuit, singing a lawyer|Relying on the mother of the child to treat a 9 -year -old girl The family asked the stepfather to take him to the doctor. But was taken to rape the reporters that yesterday (12 March) at 10:00 am, Ms. Porn (named Suppose), 26 years old, the mother of the girl A (assumed name), carried evidence from the CCTV. Requesting fairness with Dr. Kriangsak Pintusorn, lawyer, after knowing about the girl A, who was the daughter of Mr. Hol (a hypothetical), 25 years old, a raped stepfather. While he had to detain the orbid at the hospital after reporting the complaint to the investigative officer of Bang Sao Thong police station and was afraid that he would not be fair. Therefore requesting help from Lawyer Kriengsak After examining the evidence, then traveled to inquire about the facts with the girl A Which is in the process of detaining because of being addicted to aunt at a house in Bang Sao Thong Subdistrict Bang Sao Thong District Samut Prakan Province, which Ms. Porn said that his daughter is studying in grade 3, only 9 years old, has been eaten by his new husband for 3 years with the nickname Mr. Hol. Tricked to rape at the rental room in Soi C 3, Bang Phli Project, 3 after the incident escaped to the aunt of Miss A. revealed that after the previous mother of the younger brother was addicted to the cow and he went to heal until he On March 9, the past You started to get hot. He therefore told Khun Ta to take the younger to check the church. But the grandfather asked his stepfather to take him instead until the late March 10, Mr Hol came out to take her out by claiming to go to the doctor. In which he also gave money After that, it disappeared for a while and came back. Doing smooth as if nothing happened. But he saw that the younger brother had abnormal seeping When calling to ask Mr. Hall Then looked like a threatening face until Mr Hall Leaving home Therefore told him that Mr Hall Did not take him to the doctor but took him to the room instead and then took the medicine but Nong puke out Therefore took the younger to take off all the clothes and pants before bringing the shirt to cover the face Then caused the rape until the younger cried And told you to not tell anyone When he learned about the matter, he hurriedly called to tell her mother who detained the orbid at the hospital. Ms. Porn, the mother, said that after knowing the story, he called his boyfriend. To inquire, but the person refused He therefore asked the doctor. Out of the detour to see the daughter And came back to look at the rental room and could not find the boyfriend's face anymore And asked his daughter about the story that happened The daughter said that he was actually acting, so she went back to the room in Bang Phli Housing, found that the CCTV of the room was clearly captured. That the boyfriend brought his daughter into the real room and disappeared for about 30 minutes before bringing out He was confident that the incident occurred, so he took his daughter to report the complaint to the police. Bang Sao Thong police station, but the officer sent his daughter to check the traces at a hospital in Bang Sao Thong area. That the hospital cannot check, have to go to check at Bang Phli Hospital Or Samut Prakan Hospital And there is no car to deliver until the officers have to coordinate the rescue vehicle to help bring the younger to check at Bang Phli Hospital. And in the process of inspection of the hospital But he was afraid that he would not be fair, so he complained to the lawyer Kriangsak and the media. The lawyer Kriengsak said that for this case, after he had been asked for help, he came to investigate the facts. Which from talking to the victim Found that the actions of this stepfather were a bad action for this family While also relying on the mother of the child to preserve the cow In addition, she was addicted to the brave, but instead was tricked into abusing instead of going to the doctor, inspected and healed, so he entered the storage area and additional evidence. To send to the inquiry official And brought the victim to meet the inquiry officers at Bang Sao Thong police station in order to accelerate the evidence to request an arrest warrant for this crime. And has a bad mental state, so must coordinate the relevant agencies to accelerate to look after Both the story of the cow and the state of mind As for the case, confident in the evidence and the inquiry official will be able to approve the arrest warrant. And follow up and arrest this stepfather to prosecute soon
Director of the National Forensic InstituteRepeat the autopsy process repeatedly. "Watermelon" is not expected to be more than 30 days.|The Director of the Forensic Science Institute stated that the doctor prepared to set up a doctor from 6 groups to prove the body of "Watermelon Nida" 2, expected to take no more than 30 days to answer the society whether or not it was physically assault yesterday (12 March). Police Colonel Songsak Raksak Sakul Director of the Institute of Forensic Science Ministry of Justice Revealing the proof process And cutting the body according to the needs of the deceased relatives that according to the law Is the power of the inquiry official or relatives to request In practice When requests to come to the Institute of Forensic Science Prove the body. The institute will establish a medical team as Second OPINION (the second opinion), with a relevant expert. Bring other agencies to join as a working group in each proof. In the event that the mother of "Watermelon" would like to seize the body with the inquiry official. In order to bring the body to prove the 2nd round with the Forensic Science Institute. When the family of the deceased is still fascinated by the cause of death Can sing to the Ministry of Justice Which must specify questions And the reason that was not satisfied after that, after that, the institute would set up 1 committee to conduct repeated inspection, consisting of 6 external doctors in order to be transparent. Which takes at least 30 days to check, then will make an opinion 2, send back to the inquiry official in the case, which in the case of "Watermelon" from the following news He only knew that Relatives are fascinated with the wounds on the face and head. Must be re -examined In addition, the autopsy results of the National Forensic Science Institute, the police hospital has been accomplished whether it has been examined or not, but must admit that The body sent for the first time With the dead body Have different characteristics But he insists that it will cause the most transparency As for the issue of wounds on the face At this time, the first autopsy results have not been seen. Therefore still cannot answer that Is there an abnormality in the inspection? As for the issues that the family wants the female doctor, Lady Pornthip Rojanunan, Senate (Senator) to observe that Col. Songsak stated that he was able to observe. Because it is considered the consent of relatives. The next step If the inquiry official accepts the next attachment, namely bringing the body to Thammasat Hospital in honor In order to pass the autopsy on the issue that the relatives continued
Amazing case, found the body of a man being hit by a van KalalanThe driver hurried into the Mercedes.|The incident occurred, a man aged about 60 years old, being trapped in a tragic van in the middle of the concert. The driver immediately took the Mercedes. Leaving the van at the scene of the reporter reported that today (13 March) at 03.40 hrs. Police Colonel Somnuk Bunthong, Inspector (investigation), Samet Police Station was notified of a van. Step by the deaths in the concert area, Village No. 4, Huai Kapi Subdistrict, Mueang District, Chon Buri Province. A sticker with a tour company is stuck. On the front wheel area, the left side has blood stains attached to the wheel. From the inspection, the driver was not found apart, found the body of the deceased lying. Is an unknown man, aged about 60 years. The condition of the body found many broken bones in a distorted coil. From the investigation, it was found that the area was a wide courtyard. There is a concert stage and 2 Mor -Lam band that is collecting the stage. But no one came out to provide information or revealed to the incident from the inquiry. Mr. Ek (the fictional name), the witness in the event, revealed that the van driver said only that he didn't know what driving a car. After that, a Mercedes came to pick up the van driver, immediately rushed up to the Mercedes. Leaving the van parked at the scene of the incident. When he arrived at the scene, he found that the deceased was lying in the form of a broken body, many broken bones from the investigation and inquiring, no one admitted who the driver was. Therefore asked the villagers in that area Know that the deceased is a nearby villagers who come to see the band And expected to be able to drink Therefore lie down on the floor When the car drives back and forth, it can't be seen because it is dark. Causing the car to die The police will contact the tour bus company to follow the van driver for further investigation. And will contact the relatives of the deceased to come to receive the body to perform religious ceremonies And will bring the van driver to proceed according to the law
The brutal gun forest saw a former wife with a new boyfriend.InvadeThe stepson could not escape the house.|Forest officials saw the former wife who just asked to quit in one month with a new boyfriend. Swinging a long shotgun to invade the house in the middle of the night The eldest stepson could not escape by the bullet. Use a gun to aim for a former mother -in -law who is sick with bed. Before changing the hearts of reporters reported that At approximately 00.30 hrs. (13 March), Pol.Col. Apisak Saengdao, Inspector (investigation), Pakham Police Station, Buriram Province, was notified of a shot at one house. 8 Hu Khan Bon Subdistrict, Pakham District, Buriram Province, which opened as a grocery store, found the body of Mr. Natthaphong, 20 years old, the son of the home owner. Lying on his back, died in the room In a red T -shirt Black shorts Preliminary inspection found on the neck And under the left ear There was a scratch being shot by a bullet. Full of blood Scattered belongings And also found many ammunition in the house And more than 20 shells are scattered in and out of the house. In addition, 2 cars are found, the Toyota Vigo brand, four -door, black, registration number 4198, Nakhon Ratchasima and Toyota Yaris brand sedan, registration number 685. Buriram has more than 10 porous bullets, while the culprit is Mr. Pit Pirun or a 45 -year -old rice husk as a wildlife sanctuary staff. From the preliminary investigation, it was learned that the knot of the incident Because of jealousy Because Mr. Pitpirun, who was the former husband Resentful to see the ex -wife with a new boyfriend in the house, therefore using a shotgun weapon used to perform duties, prevention and prevention In the incident, shooting a car house and hoping to shoot ex -wife, a new girlfriend, former mother -in -law and the other two ex -wives to release resentment, but the ex -wife, a new girlfriend and the youngest jumping away the window. Went to ask for help from neighbors, so he survived But the child was stuck with the eldest wife and could not escape, then was shot dead at the house. In order to close his life, but suddenly changed his mind, causing mother -in -law to survive from the inquiry. Ms. Kalaya, 37 years old, the mother of the deceased And is the former wife of the culprit Told that He has separated from the first husband since the oldest child, 3 years old, has been a single mother, until 2 years ago, went to eat at a restaurant in Non Din Daeng, and Pit Pirun came to flirt. After that, dating and eating like a husband and wife. But during the last 2 years, Mr. Pit Pirun was impatient, angry, especially when drunk and jealous. To threaten to kill himself Therefore reported to the police and was arrested in the cell for just one night Released and apologized to him But still have the same habit So he asked to quit because of not being able to bear the behavior. Has not been in contact for about a month In addition, I have a new girlfriend who has just been in a relationship for about 1 month. Last, about 5 pm, Pit Pirun called But he didn't answer because he didn't want to talk Soon saw Mr. Pit Phirun riding a motorcycle to the house. Come to shout at the window But he didn't go out Mr Pitpirun then rode a motorcycle. Not long after, then drove a car with a car side, similar to the officer's car to the house again. While also carrying a long shotgun Then shouted for him to see him badly, so told the new girlfriend to hide out behind the house first And then he tried to tell Mr. Pit Phirun to calm down Whatever you say But Mr. Pitpirun didn't listen. Used a gun to shoot the house, shoot the car, so he rushed to hide in the bathroom, but with the opinion of his two sons who were still in the house Therefore left the bathroom to see the child But Mr Pitpirun invaded the house He therefore told the child to hide. Then he jumped out to the window to ask for help from the neighbors But no one dared to come in to help because of fear Until the sound of the gun was quiet, so he hurried back to see the child at home, found that the eldest son was shot dead and was shocked to do anything. Then the neighbors then called 191 to investigate and follow the cause of the cause. Unable to accept the incident Would like the police to catch death, do not have to arrest in prison If coming out, there may be a second dead body. Because he had threatened to kill the whole house. Mr. Sura, 44, a new girlfriend of Ms. Kalaya, said that he had just dated the woman for about 1 month because they thought that they had broken up. During the relationship, he would sometimes go back and forth. Did not think that the tragic incident would occur. But if the man still wants to reconcile or live with the ex -wife Should be able to talk well Open and talk like a man, should not cause violence like this. Would like the police to speed up the arrest Because he was afraid that he would return to kill others Right now, no one would dare to stay at home because of fear, while the police officers of Pakham police have accelerated to follow and arrest the culprit. Which is expected to hide in the forest because they used to patrol in the forest Expected to get soon
Tissue test resultsThe wound on the body "Watermelon" from the external department has been issued.|Forensic tissue test results Of the wound on the watermelon body from the external agencies The wound on the right thigh is not a wound that causes death after the forensic doctor, the police hospital has sent tissues on the watermelon body to doctors from the external agencies to investigate. The latest today (13 March 65) Lee Chan was reported that One of the external agencies at the National Forensic Science Institute, the police hospital sent tissues of the wound on the watermelon's body to inspect the results. Proof of experts in the said department Has submitted a microscopic examination Which is a device for looking at objects that are too small than vision with the naked eye, stating that the analysis found that the tissue condition from the largest wound in the right thigh It was a wound that was born before death from the detection of changes, showing the effects, showing that there was bleeding at the edge of the wound. The wound is not contrasting with the blood vessels. Which is not a wound that causes death But that death The autopsy will know what caused it. The wounds that occurred after death Different from the said wound, the microscopy inspection is found that there is no bleeding. No tissue tissue The wound is not destroyed.
Close the door "Doctor Pornthip". The autopsy "watermelon" cannot be observed.|The Secretary -General of the Ministry of Education revealed that "Doctor Pornthip" can not participate in the autopsy "Watermelon" but can still observe. And explaining the principles of detecting the cause of death before deep, proving the doubts Difficult The condition of the corpse is not the same. Confirmed at this time, must seize the results of the police that Lieutenant Thanakrit Chit Arirat The Secretary of the Ministry of Justice mentioned the case of Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin, the mother of Ms. Nida Patcharaweerapong or a famous female melon falling a speed boat before finding a Ploy in the middle of the Chao Phraya. Will submit a letter requesting the Institute of Forensic Science Ministry of Justice Perform the autopsy again Due to many questions that if the relatives want the Forensic Science Institute, the autopsy must submit the matter to the Ministry of Justice. The right person is the mother and brother who died. After that, the ministry will order to the Forensic Science Institute. Which will set up a committee Invite a forensic medical expert from a reliable agency to participate in the proof of 3 people, a doctor who graduated directly in forensic. In which Thailand has about 200 forensic doctors and may have joint observers In which he will participate in the observation to see the proven process with the relatives who want the female doctor Khun Pornthip Rojanunan, former director of the Forensic Science Institute And senators (senators) joined the autopsy Probably can't do But can participate as observers. As for the issues that are suspicious and requesting to check further We will drill down what the doubts, such as wounds, can I tell? What is the cause of the propeller? Must try to prove the wound Why is the eyes swollen? Why? But the problem is that some evidence lost the original condition Makes it difficult to autopsy, such as the body may cause decay for the forensic issues Police Hospital Has proven According to the principles of some parasites, repeated examinations such as bladder Do you have urine? Are there any traces or wounds? Do you have substance abuse? Some things are repeatedly examined to get the same evidence. But if the autopsy results are different The principles are still required to use the autopsy of the police.
Lawyer Ronnarong sang the Ombudsman.Why does the police not find two drugs on the boat?|"Lawyer Ronnarong" sang the Ombudsman. Check the drug detection knot. Speed boat, watermelon case. After finding only 3 out of 5 results, why did the other 2 inspecting today (14 March), the lawyer of Ronnarong Kaewphet, President of the Campaign Network to return the social justice. Travel to the Office of the Ombudsman In order to ask the Ombudsman to investigate the power of the officers in the case of watermelon Nida or Ms. Phatthida Patchara Wiraphong. Which he was not sure who had anyone because he had not seen the inspection results Therefore came to sing the Ombudsman to use the legal procedure to inspect Mr Ronnarong, said that the person on the boat is close to the adults in the Royal Thai Police. To avoid not being able to check substance abuse And if there is a reason for not checking the law Would like to know which law is in accordance with And government officials have used the discretion under the Constitution of Article 27 or not or the Drug Prevention and Suppression Act. There is a law that opens the channel for government officials to discriminate to one person, so ask the Ombudsman to investigate the said issue. If found to have a discretion, unlawful Asked the Ombudsman to continue sending relevant agencies Or if the law has a space to ask the Ombudsman to bring the matter to the parliament to amend the law. In addition, the lawyer Ronnarong also added that The results of the drug tests of the remaining two people cause the question of the watermelon. Is there someone on a drunken boat? Causing doubts about society as a murder or accident Which, according to the law, if in doubt, anyone can check But that does not check or the result does not come out Which legal rights are used or claiming? If these two do not check Show that the drug law has a gap The Ombudsman can send to the Parliament to consider further. Mr Wanya Tipyamontha, Deputy Secretary -General of the Office of the Ombudsman, said that the Ombudsman will conduct an urgent inspection. But must be careful because it is an issue that society is interested in In the beginning, after receiving the petition, the Ombudsman will be presented in the preliminary consideration. And if in power, they will invite the relevant people to investigate the facts further Which will consider the issues that are mainly demanding first
Still can't catch the forest.Repeat, call the former wife, threatening to kill the kitchen|Shocked young man After the shot, the stepson extinguished the house Also calling more than 10 pretentious wife, intimidating his life to light incense, telling his son's spirit to help the staff catch quickly. Dreaded with a dead body Confirm not Life must be exchanged for life. The progress of the case of Pit Pirun, 45 years old, forest protection officer. And the head of the Dong Yai Wildlife Sanctuary, Buriram province, who stole the royal car and steal the long shotgun of the government. To cause the car to shoot the car And the former wife's house at Hu Kham Subdistrict, Pak Kham District, in the middle of the night on March 13, which caused the stepson of the culprit, Mr. Natthaphong, 20 years old Ex -wife Being died by a bullet As for the ex -wife, a new wife and the youngest child and the former mother -in -law survived by the cause of jealousy. Because he saw the ex -wife who asked to break up with Pit Pirun for about 1 month, with a new girlfriend at home Therefore, resentment and the latest tragic cause today (14 March). Reporters went to the area to the scene of the incident at Hu Khon Subdistrict, Pakham District, Buriram Province again, which the family brought The body of Mr. Natthaphong, who was shot dead, set up a merit at home. Which the funeral atmosphere Was full of sadness With relatives and neighbors coming to respect the body and continuously express their regrets to the family. The family is scheduled to take the body of the deceased to perform the cremation ceremony tomorrow, March 15 at the temple in the village, while the director of the Pakham Police Station has organized police force both inside and outside the uniform. To take care of security at the funeral as well After the deceased mother asked Because after the accused shot his son Also called to intimidate life, which caused fear for the family and relatives Afraid that the accused would return to the shot of the family as before Because at this time, the officers are still unable to arrest the accused. Although the police officers Will be more than 50 sides of the power in Dong Yai forest To search and arrest the accused According to the giver that is still hiding in the forest, while Mrs. Kalaya, the mother of the deceased Lalled in incense in front of the son's coffin Ask the sons and sons to inspire officials to arrest the accused quickly. So that you don't have to cause any other killing Because if you can't catch it, there may be another loss that has been threatened because after shooting his own son Still calling more than 10 lines to intimidate his life Now, both themselves and the family are terrified. Until the arrest of the accused personally did not bother the culprit, even though they had a good feeling And used to love But after shooting his own son, it was difficult to forgive. If possible, would like to take life and life But if the cause of the incident, he asked to surrender to the authorities. Then agreed to compensate the karma on what he did Would like to think of his own parents who raised him To end this, because of their own life, do not cause the loss again. Ms. Ladawan, 29 years old, cousin and the deceased said that they were shocked about the incident. I didn't think that I would kill my brother brutally. Now I'm very worried and pity for the youngest brother. Because he was in the event of seeing his brother died in front of his eyes And saw the accused using a gun to focus on Grandma's head But fortunately, changed his mind, not shooting. Now the family is terrified, afraid that the accused will return to cause the shot as before. Personally, wanting an extraordinary accused because of cruelly caused
"Doctor Pornthip" pointed out that the watermelon case has been strange since the beginning.Repeat the family must recognize the autopsy results.|Dr. Ying Pornthip Emphasizing the watermelon family has the right to recognize the autopsy results. Accepting this case has been strange since the beginning. Won the National Forensic Institute Must clarify clearly Ready to give advice from the forensic experience today (14 March), female doctor, Khun Ying Pornthip Rojanunan, Senate (Senator) as the Human Rights Commission, rights, and consumer protection, Senate and Former director of the Institute of Forensic Science Ministry of Justice Give an opinion on the 2nd autopsy of Miss Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or a famous actor, a famous actor who fell into a boat that would like to present the guidelines for collecting evidence and the bodies of the forensic doctor. As provided in the Act (Act), the Forensic Service of the Forensic Service B.E. 2559, which has set the standards of independent forensic doctors, not under various pressures. Which will be a way that causes people to not be suspicious while the rights of the deceased or the victims Which is a universal principle that the United Nations is the right to recognize the autopsy results of the family Which will present this matter to the Commission Considering with the inspection of this case as well. For the possibility of the second autopsy From the National Forensic Science Institute Police Hospital In which he will travel as the commission And forensic experts To help guide the family to inquire about the issues that should be known, such as wounds in the legs That has a way to prove what is caused by And if the National Forensic Institute Providing unclear information or still have any questions There may be a new autopsy. In which he was unable to join the autopsy team Because not in the position Can only give advice. As for the observations of the wounds around the leg, it was born before or after the death. The female doctor, Lady Pornthip, explained that the first thing must be considered that the giver is a lawyer, the law that cuts the body or a meat examination or pathological examination. The process must start with a doctor who cuts the body that will choose the meat to be sent for pathological examination. Which can be said to be found that blood or inflammation After that, the doctor cut the body to be able to specify that the wound was born before or after death. At the same time, knowing that the wounds were not a large vein. Does not cause death, however They believe that this case is not difficult. But the gathering of evidence must be accurate, complete and timely Which is at the forensic evidence from the 5 ships and the boat at the scene As for the observation as a consultant or forensic expert If there is a second autopsy or not Depends on the National Forensic Science Institute But personally have given advice on many issues to the family Khunying Pornthip admitted that the rotten corpse was a problem with the autopsy results. With the first autopsy answering the question a lot While the second autopsy Some questions cannot be answered, such as having alcohol in the body of the deceased or not. Etc. He was unable to set the flag. But admitted that the case was strange from the beginning From the method of operation that does not lead to clarification, such as not collecting evidence of the boat and the person on the boat immediately As well as the change of the boat Which is against the principles of forensic science, etc.
Seen for the year 65, the 1st year student, Korat, being hit by elder 2 elder, died in the forest|1st year student, famous Korat, was taken to pick up the younger outside the university Before being attacked by seniors in Year 2 My father is very shocked. Still do not want to look at the body of the child today (14 March) Facebook fan page Anti Sotus has posted a message stating that Nong Prem, 1st year student, the College of Career Innovation There is an activity to receive younger children outside the place. Before being attacked by the seniors in the forest until died, which the university and police officers Acknowledged the incident The director of the Student Development Division stated that he was aware that there was death. But still do not know the details clearly By going to receive a younger student outside the university for those who attacked Nong Prem until they died Is a 2nd year student seniors and is not yet clear whether or not he has a personal cause or not. From going to the university to the university, Father informed that there are dozens of forests in the fields. All the juniors who hit each other But Nong Prem was hit by the heaviest, Father traveled from Nakhon Si Thammarat. Going down to the incident area And called the seniors, causing him to have died. Then brought to the hospital for a distance of almost 20 kilometers. When he arrived at the hospital, he found that he had died before the hospital. At first, the seniors lied that Went to play the ball and the younger was shocked After confessing that it came from the younger brother. "Now the body is still at Suranaree Hospital As for the cause of death that the doctor diagnosis Father has not yet informed. Still don't want to look at the body Father still can't accept much. And still cannot give more details Father said that he was all confused. Sorry, shocked. "The Anti Sotus page stated in the latest post.
Mother is suspicious!Lawyer Decha revealed the body of "Watermelon" without any bruises.|Mae Taeng-Lawyer Decha-Lawyer Krishna Set the table after listening to the clarification of the forensic staff of the police hospital for more than 3 hours, revealing the autopsy results. "Watermelon" did not find bruises on the body. The wound does not cause death. The teeth are all in all. The body was not found. Still have to wait for the results of the OBEC, another 19 items and not yet concluded today (14 March) at 18.30 hrs. Mother of Khun Watermelon Nida together with Mr. Krishna Sri Bunpimngng, lawyer and lawyer Decha Kittiwittayanan, jointly announced the results of the autopsy. The hour by Mrs. Phanida said that he believed in the work of the police. By allowing the lawyer Decha Explanation of other matters Due to being very tired Not enough rest Before asking the lawyer Decha to clarify the lawyer Decha said that it is divided into 3 parts, which is in the part of the doctor Responded to all the questions of all mothers. Most of the questions were hit by a broken teeth, which was found that the teeth were normal. There is no physical assault while the investigation. The police informed that the exam is now 95, the mouth of the CCTV, almost 200 clips. Current clips are still investigated. The evidence has been collected, waiting for the results of the OBEC. In another 19 items, there is no summary of the case that the police clarified. Nothing is secret If there is evidence, there will be an additional charge. For the 2nd cycle of watermelon, will continue. For transparency, the images that appear in the media with bruises Is a picture that has not been cleaned But when copying all the leather out No bruises at all The wound does not cause death. Not deep to the bone The teeth are all in all. There is no broken teeth. The evidence was found to be found that there was any physical assault. And leave society to pity your mother Do not release the clip that does not know the origin. To see the facts from the police At this time, it's not suspicious.
Sad boy, 1 year old, 4 months, extinguished a puzzle, a bruised bodyGrandma doesn't believe the mother claims to fall.|Found a 1 -year -old boy, 4 months, was attacked in life Burned body The mother of the child claims to fall. Wake up and die. Reporters reported that today (14 March), police officers Rat Burana Police Station Was informed of the death Within Soi Pracha Uthit 14, therefore coordinating the Forensic Medicine And volunteers to rescue the Por Tek Tung Foundation to support the incident as soon as the incident At the end of Soi Pracha Uthit 14, Rat Burana Subdistrict Rat Burana District Bangkok Found the body of the deceased as a 1 -year -old boy, 4 months lying on the lap of the grandmother. And there was a child's mother sitting next to Cry With the condition of the body of the child having wounds and bruises, Miss Panadda, a 21 -year -old child, lived with a new boyfriend, Mr. Tawan, 20 years old, who has a delivery career. After dating for 2 months, over the scene of the new boyfriend went out to work as usual Later, the police investigated Rat Burana Police Station Followed the new girlfriend to take him to investigate at the police station to find the cause of the death of the little child in the investigation. Miss Chit, 48 years old, is the grandmother of the child, said that at first he was together with his daughter. And grandchildren Then argued Argue So he said Wherever you go Didn't really think that he would go Then took the grandchildren to escape He called and did not accept. Blog the number as well. At first, he went out to find and report both the call and could not contact. Since the end of January Until now, when coming today There was no line of 3 lines. When he called back, the daughter said "Mae Nawa is dead." She was shocked, exclaimed, "I said" I asked where it was. The daughter said that in Pracha Uthit 14, so hurriedly changed his clothes to call a taxi out. The body is bruised. Asked what he had made. He said that it would fall this much. There must be something to do. But still do not know who they are, very sad because they are the first grandson by himself. Love very much if they know where they are He came back. He doesn't know his daughter blog. Because he was afraid to come to pick up the grandchildren back The officer recorded and inquired basic information as evidence. Invite the mother to give additional testimony at the police station to the cause of death again. Whether someone is hurting or not Before proceeding with the law The forensic medical part Delivered to the rescue to bring the draft to the National Forensic Service. In order to find the cause of death before having the relatives come to contact the body to return to perform religious ceremonies
The stepfather confessed and smashed the younger 1 year old.Revealing the mother of the child lied to the police to help the husband|From the case of yesterday (14 March) The police were notified of a 1 -year -old child died at home. Soi Pracha Uthit 14, sub -district and Rat Burana District, Bangkok, from checking the wounds on the child Found a trace of bruises, the whole mouth, broken, died for 2-3 hours from the solid without sharp In which the mother claimed that the child fell Waking up and died later Officials were able to detain Mr. Koji or Tawan Nanthawong, 23, a stepfather in the house, led him to investigate at Rat Burana Police Station Mr. Koji denied the investigation. Ms. Panadda, the mother, testified that she worked in a karaoke shop. The ex -husband died in September 64 and just dating Mr. Koji. Which was a rider, delivered for about 2 months before the incident, yesterday night went to work By leaving his son with Mr. Koji He returned home in the morning. Found Nong Nawa still sleeping, so he went to bed and woke up at 15.00 hrs. Therefore telephone followed the mother to come to the reporter reported that From the history of Mr. Koji Found that there were many cases involved in drugs And after the police arrived at the scene, Ms. Panadda told the police that Mr. Koji is not at home. Go out to work But the police did not believe, so went to inspect the house Therefore found Mr. Koji Therefore detained to investigate separately because they were suspicious in the testimony of Miss Panadada many things Initially, the body was given to the staff of the Por Tek Tung Foundation. Siriraj Hospital for thoroughly, later at 22.00 hrs. From the investigation of Mr. Koji Confessed that Hurt and hit the real little boy After last night Miss Panadda went out to work. And left himself with the little boy alone The little boy has founded. While he was bringing Pamperm to change the little boy The child ran back and forth. Causing the stool to pour it out I was frustrated. Angry, then bashing the preliminary child from the urine test of Mr. Koji Found that the urine is a purple, using methamphetamine. However, the authorities continued to investigate Ms. Panadda and Mr. Koji Thoroughly before the next charge
Revealing "Prem" victimThe wife was 3 months pregnant, lit incense, called the husband home.|In the case of the Anti Sotus Facebook page posted a picture of Mr. Fan Yot or Nong Prem, 19 years old, Krisana Subdistrict, Sikhio District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, along with a message stating that the first body of the year of Nong Prem, the student of Rajamangala University of Technology Isan, Nakhon Ratchasima. Life from receiving newcomers Being attacked by the seniors until died in the fields of Ban Nong Rawiang Nong Rawiang Subdistrict Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. Before the incident, the seniors have informed Mr. Fan Yot to invite to play football. But when it became a younger brother and forced to drink white liquor After that, the seniors have attacked. Until Mr. Pan ran unconscious and the seniors tried to pump the heart, save life and deliver Suranaree Hospital Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima Which is about 20 kilometers away from the incident and died on the way this morning (March 15, 2022). Reporters called to talk to Prem's father, 19 years old, a 1st year student. The young student who was seniors accepted until he died. Which your father revealed that After hearing the news of Prem's death Father traveled back from Nakhon Si Thammarat to see the body of the younger Suranaree Hospital, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. When he arrived at the father, he met a group of seniors who attacked Nong Prem until he died. With a total of 6 people being all men In which all 6 seniors prostrated And apologized to the father, which the father asked Why are you doing so violently? And Father continued to say many things In which all seniors admit wrong By late today (March 15, 2022), Father will travel to pick up the body of the younger Suranaree Hospital Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima To bring the body to be examined in Bangkok However, Prem's physical examination results that Suranaree Hospital Initially, the doctor informed that Nong Prem is infected with the virus-19. But is a mild infection And after the incident, the university administrators have already contacted And explained that the admission is outside the university, in addition to controlling, but would like to show responsibility for the incident by healing The university will call the seniors who caused the crime and parents to investigate the facts and will have measures to punish the university regulations to the point of being a student, while the lawsuit will let the police proceed according to the law. go Which had to wait and talk again how to take responsibility However, he confirmed that he would prosecute the seniors and those involved to the end. Later, the Anti Sotus Facebook has posted a clip of a seniors who attacked the physical assault with the girlfriend of Mr. Fan Yot who was pregnant for 3 months. And relatives traveled to the fields of Ban Nong Rawiang Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima, the incident that the seniors used to accept the younger and conduct a ceremony to invite the souls of Mr. Fan Yot. Go home according to belief In the meantime, a woman who traveled with the girlfriend of Mr. Fan Yot complained that the seniors were brutal with the resentment of the seniors, causing Mr. Fan Yot to die. Later, the page updated more information. By claiming hearsay from Prem friends Tell the shock information that You are punched by a senior. Without anyone knowing that she was infected with the lungs In which the message stated that the line from the friend of Prem He did about 30 people. Seniors to stand in the line according to the number. The seniors will punch one by one, such as seniors, number 1, will punch the juniors at number 1 -30, one by one, seniors number 2 will come. Punching continuously, according to the 1st person, seniors, number 3 ..... No. 4 ..... keep going. And also kicked Imagine a soldier to stand in front of one of the boards, then the trainer punching one by one, so it's not just 5 people. And just accepting that, and Prem is a braid into the lungs. No one knows. The doctor just said later. When he died (the administrator thought that if it was a church with drinking and being hit by the chest many times as well The opportunity to survive is almost very difficult. The lungs are not hard, blood, pumping and being bumped in the lungs or lychee). Once punching, he will walk back. Prem fell down to breathe in the eyes. Once he took to the hospital, he was wearing a respirator but could not find the pulse. The doctor said that he shouldn't buy him. Do not believe that there are only 5 people.
Daily brutal, shot in front of the girl 19, extinguished the pickup truck|Daily, shooting on the front of the girl 19, extinguished the pickup truck after crossing the district to visit Buriram Chicken Festival The deceased husband did not know the gang of gunmen (15 March 65). At 03.00 hrs. Buriram received notification from the island rescue unit, 12 points, Nong Ki District, Buriram Province that a person was shot with a firearm. Died at Nong Ki Hospital Therefore went to inspect the preliminary examination that The shot was dead, Miss Kritya, 19 years old, found a wound shot with a bullet on the head. Between 1 eyebrows. After that, officials went to inspect the scene. Nong Ki-Don Ang Road, Nong Ki Subdistrict, Nong Ki District, in front of Nong Ki Ki Temple Found a .380 Auto size of the Auto, the police, then kept as evidence. Later, the police officer went to inspect the Isuzu pickup truck, D-Mac Black, registration number-6289, Chon Buri. 1 pair of shoes with blood stains flowing on the ground, Thanakrit, 26, a pickup truck driver, saying that he and 5 drivers from Nong Bun Mak District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, come to visit the last day of the chicken. . Nong Ki, Buriram Province, on the way back at about 24.00 hrs., Stop by to eat the boiled rice named "Apapa", Nong Ki-Don Arang Road, Nong Ki District, after eating boiled rice. The deceased with her husband Let's go to sit at the back of the pickup truck. Said to sit and get the wind Not long after the shop has 5 teenagers riding a motorcycle together. "If not reduced, I will shoot." When the glass is reduced That teenager Had punch into his mouth 1 time, saw a bad post After that, heard one shot. Came to know that the shot was killed by a friend Confirmed that he had never known And not having a story with a group of teenagers at the event Because he had just returned from work in Chon Buri for 2 days. Mr. Athiwat, 25 years old, the husband who died, said that he had married his wife for 1 year, rarely went anywhere. Because of the epidemic When a friend invited Went to the chicken to eat at Nong Ki District, which was a contact area with Nong Bun Mak, so he came during the incident with his wife sitting in the back of the car by leaning against the pickup truck. Turned to the back of the car Saw a group of teenagers driving After that, he heard the force to reduce the glass. Then punch the driver when the car moves out Saw the criminal's face clearly Raise the gun and shine Tried to press the wife's head down but could not be hit by a bullet After that, he quickly took his wife to Nong Ki Hospital, but not before his wife died. Confirmed, never knew, had never seen the gunman before. The police already knew the criminal. Is a teenager in Nong Ki District, preparing to issue an arrest warrant
Hell sent birth!Torpee children are crazy.Hit the parents out of horror, 2 bodies, drag into the charcoal furnace|Hell sent birth! The son took the drug until haunting. Kill the father and mother, until death, 2 bodies, cassava cassava The textbook according to the hood (15 March 65) at 17.10 hrs. Col. Chalermpol Photiyawong, Director of Pho Sai Police Station Ubon Ratchathani Province Notified of a mad man using a hoe The steel handle and a piece of wood killed his parents died at the area beside the cottage cottage, cassava, Saraphi Subdistrict, Pho Sai District, Ubon Ratchathani Province. About 1 km of Saraphi Sub -district, Pho Sai Sub -district, then traveled to the scene with The investigative officers of Pho Sai police station and rescue personnel at the incident found the body of Mrs. Urai, 53 years old. The body was died in the charcoal kiln. At the face and the body near each other, found the body of Mr. Wilai, 57 years old With wounds being hit with sharp objects At the face of the face, shoulders and right arm from the preliminary investigation, knew that before the incident, Mr. Anek, 33, his son was crazy. The haunting castle called Mrs. Urai. Which is a mother to look at the fire at the charcoal furnace Then use a steel hoe and a piece of mother to death until death. Then brought the body into the charcoal kiln. At the same time, Mr Wilai Who was a father raised a cow About 50 meters away from the scene of the killing of the mother, Mr. Anek is still crazy. Followed to see the father who was raising a cow Then use a hoe and a log of the father to death Then drag the body to the front of the charcoal kiln. After the incident that attacked the parents Until he died and then riding a bicycle to escape. At 6:00 pm, police officers investigated. Pho Sai Police Station followed up to arrest Mr Anek while riding a bicycle into the village of Phu Wiang. Bring himself to investigate There is still a madness, speaking, ignorance, and confessing as a man who uses a hoe. Rading and logs Breaking his father and mother died
Director of the Institute of Forensic ScienceRevealing the autopsy "Watermelon" step 2, the body has changed a lot.|After Mrs. Phanida Siriyutyothin The mother of actor, watermelon, Phatthida Patcharaweerapong, confirmed the request to hold the daughter's body. In order to cut the 2nd autopsy to the Forensic Science Institute Ministry of Justice For transparency And relieve the skepticism of the people in the society to the work of the police, the Inn news team News special interview with Col. Songsak Raksak Sakul Director of the Institute of Forensic Science Ministry of Justice Regarding the issue of the 2nd autopsy of Khun Watermelon Nida, who died mysteriously on a speed boat in the middle of the Chao Phraya River, Pol. Songsak said that after receiving the matter, the committee will be appointed. Consisting of doctors from other government agencies Join the autopsy around 5-6 people and will invite the first autopsy doctor to observe. To bring the data from the 1st section Combined with the 2nd autopsy To get the most appropriate and accurate information, which must be admitted to over 1 month. The body's tissue condition is not as good as the first time. And the corpses are different But the doctor can use the first proof of information Combined with the 2nd autopsy In order to make the operation the most fair It is expected that the autopsy 2 is completed in the 3-5 day time frame. It is the corpse that the doctor performed the autopsy. I give a simple example. Bruises, swelling, redness Can see clarity Suppose the face is clearly seen that How deep the bruising, swelling, redness, how deep the doctor will measure. And then if the dissection will be seen deep Here, the doctor can watch. After a long time, the body's tissue condition is in accordance with the condition. Probably not as good as the first time But to analyze the issues of what causes And the condition of the body from the first and 2nd time is different? Must confirm that it is definitely different. "However, yesterday at 14:30 hrs Melon's mother Traveled to pick up the documents for requesting the watermelon's body With the director Muang Nonthaburi Police Station To be submitted to be proven at the Forensic Science Institute Expected to move at around 17.00 hrs. And will take the autopsy again on March 17, 65. Meanwhile Melon's mother Traveled to the National Forensic Science Institute, the police hospital to bring a book to send the watermelon body 2 from the inquiry official Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Come to contact the daughter's body to keep the body at the Forensic Science Institute Ministry of Justice, which is at Thammasat Hospital, Chalermprakiet And will prove the 2nd round On Thursday
Officials invaded the famous shopTrade of Kam children below 18 in the city of Sukhumvit|At 21.30 hrs. On 15 March 65, Mr. Campaign Thipsiri, Director of Law Operations Center, Provincial Administrative Organization, Department of Provincial Administration together with special operations, Department of Provincial Administration Together with the Operation Underground Railroad or O.U.R. Col. Nimit Nu Phonthong, Director of the Lumpini Police Station, Police Station, Sonthon, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Lumpini Tor. Bringing to help the victims of human trafficking, bringing children under 18 years old to provide sexual services in the service place called 789 in Soi Sukhumvit 7, Lumpini area. Able to help the victims who are about 14-16 years old. 3 people arrest 1 suspect. The campaign revealed that this operation There is a source from the Damrong Dharma Center, Ministry of Interior. Received complaints from international human trafficking organizations Operation Under Round (O.R.R.) Ask the Department of Provincial Administration Check the facts and prosecute the offender. In the event that a person has an illegal behavior of sexual interests from girls under 18 years of age. According to the investigation, there are people who have a broker to lead a girl under 18 years offers sexual services to people. Travel to the service in the service place named 789 bar in Soi Sukhumvit 7, with Mae Lao cheering for guests to drink beer and advertisements for sexual services with both foreigners and Thai tourists. If the customer is pleased, can pay the fee and take the child out to join the prostitution immediately. At 21.00 hrs. Trying to sell the victims who are expected to be 3 children (aged 14-16 years) to the spy team. Therefore showed himself to arrest 1 of the names of Ms. Ratchadasitathakat, 42 years old, whose circumstances are Mae Lao Before detaining to investigate at Lumpini Police Station, while arresting Found more than 30 target shops and areas, all of them are pubs, bars, playing music. Have fun drinking When seeing officials, they gradually closed the shop quickly. Initially, the police prepared to report the heavy charges to Ms. Ratchada Srithasatha for human trafficking offense, as a procurement for prostitution. , Providing prostitution, encouraging children to behave inappropriate And offense of opening the service without permission After this, all 3 victims will be taken into the process of helping and protecting the welfare of the victims of human trafficking, Mr. Campaign, Thipsiri, said that after the situation of the epidemic of the oscillosis-19, do not think that there will be a business like this. In the heart of Bangkok Today, we found that Mae Lao has brought a girl to sell to both foreigners and Thai customers who come to visit the service place to buy sex services. No different from a product Which should not happen to children, Thai youth, whose entertainment, should have social responsibility The service place is forbidden places from allowing the youth to go to work. If found, there is a hidden situation of prostitution, which is a human trafficking offense. Will have a very high legal penalty Leave the people to help each other as their eyes. Eliminate human trafficking If you see clues Or actions that are considered human trafficking through the complaint system of the Damrong Dharma Center damrongdhama.dopa.go.th/ or "Dopa Help" application, which can be downloaded, both iOS and Android systems
Reported charges of 7 brutal seniors, making "Nong Prem", the university ordered everyone to take the exam|In the case of Mr. Fan Yotsayachakdi or Nong Prem, 19 years old, is a year 1 vocational school student, a mechanic branch. College of Professional Innovation Rajamangala University of Technology Isan Died from being attacked by a group of seniors in a new student that secretly organized offsite According to the news that has been proposed, the latest progress today (16 March 2022), Rajamangala University of Technology Isan University has brought a group of students. 2nd year vocational certificate, which is a senior And student groups 1st year vocational certificate, more than 30 juniors who participated in the new activity And not yet testified Gave a testimony to the investigation officers of Muang Police Station, Mueang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Police Colonel Kanasanan Suwannasap, director of the police station, revealed that today the police have called those involved with the younger activities. Both the senior group who is a 2nd year vocational student and the juniors, 1 year 1 vocational school students, including the teachers who take care of all the students. In order to investigate the fact that it has been involved At this time, the police have not reported more allegations. Only 7 seniors were reported to attack others to death. But if the investigation found that anyone involved in the offense, it will notify the further allegations. Assistant Professor Surapot Watcharophakul, Vice President for Student Affairs And alumni relations Rajamangala University of Technology Isan revealed that the university has now cooperated with the police to investigate the relevant parties. And jointly committed an offense to prosecute according to the law Currently, the university has appointed a committee to investigate the matter. By giving him the president In order to find all those involved in the offense to punish the regulations of the university Which will be called the investigation committee meeting within this week. As for the healing of Nong Prem's family Initially, the university is ready to be responsible for all expenses in the funeral management. Which from discussing the parents of Nong Prem Wishing to bring the body back to perform merit in Nakhon Si Thammarat province Which the university is ready to be responsible for both travel expenses And funeral expenses As for other help The university is ready to heal the family of Prem to the best. Meanwhile, Mr. Udom Cherdchuk is 74 years old. With relatives Brought together to light incense to invite the souls of Nong Prem in the area where the activities were accepted at the scene in the middle of the rice fields in the area of Muang Subdistrict Which is far from the College of Professional Innovation Rajamangala University of Technology Isan for about 1 kilometer to invite the souls of Nong Prem to go home. In which Prem's relatives are still in grief
The court dismissed the grandfather, being accused of rape.Not pregnant outside the uterus|The court dismissed the 66 -year -old grandfather, being accused of rape. Not being Not pregnant outside the uterus, Kalasin Provincial Court Remove the case of a 66 -year -old grandfather raped a real grandchildren, 11 years old, pregnant outside the uterus died. The lawyer revealed insufficient evidence. The forensic dissection results are clearly indicated. Causes of brain cancer cause dizziness. Nausea, vomiting and death The offspring prepared to Kwan Baisri. Ready to forgive everyone who misunderstood after 1 year. The past has been condemned as a social defendant to each other, not being unable to sleep from the case of the B. (assumed name), 11 years old, grade 5 students. Name of Sahasakhan District, Kalasin Province, died at the guesthouse. The mother and relatives stated that the daughter was 66 years old. Before allergic reactions And vomiting collapsed The police reported the grandfather as the offender of the child under the age of 13, using violence. The incident occurred in the middle of December 2020, while referred to Claiming love and love very much, not the latest rape at 09.30 hrs. Today, 16 March 2022, Kalasin Provincial Court Have an appointment for the said case The court opened the 12th throne as a black case at 540/64 with a prosecutor. Kalasin Province is a problem. Mr. Prayoon Sridaew is a defendant, which is a decision in the Court of First Instance. In this regard, there are 10 wives, children and relatives of Mr. Prayoon come to encourage by Mr Winyu Khan, the defendant's lawyer said that This case took 1 year before the Kalasin court. Have made an appointment to listen to the judgment in the Court of First Instance today In which the judge read the verdict for about 30 minutes, with the verdict dismissed Mr. Prayoon By considering that the evidence is not enough The forensic dissection results are clearly indicated. The reason that the child dies Due to the cancer in the brain causing dizziness, nausea, vomiting and death In which the whole story is caused by the diagnosis of the nurse As for the next step, how will it be? Depends on the side of Mr. Prayoon Which is innocent and the relatives whether to do anything or not, while Mr Saran is 36 years old, the son of Mr. Prayoon And is the father of the girl, B. (Nasmammit), the deceased said He did not believe that his father or Mr. Prayoon Which is the real grandfather of the 11 -year -old daughter will act according to the allegations In which he and his father had opened their talk in the first place And the father confirmed that he did not do with the grandchildren. However, when the story reached this stage In particular, the court has mercy and judgment according to the evidence that the father is innocent. He and his family were also happy. Mrs. Chotika, 40 years old, Mr Prayoon said After the incident, all the parents and grandchildren felt very suffering about what happened. No one wants to believe that Father will do with grandchildren like that. Causing the father to become a social defendant And the mother was seen by the villagers wrongly Things that villagers and society think It was like a stigma for our family all year round. To the point of not being able to eat, however, after the court has dismissed Everyone is very happy. Thank you to the judicial process I admit that justice is true. After this, it will be prepared to Kwan Baisi. In order to return the morale to his father And would like to leave to anyone Who used to misunderstand his father Or prejudice with our family Both post Comment on various social media We are happy to forgive. And probably would not claim anything to anyone Considered to end And will not be angry with anyone So that the niece can go to the heavens
Student male students, Secondary 5, shot dead, dumped home, sinking.|Secret clips At the beginning of the male student, grade 5, stressed, using a gun to shoot himself to extinguish the guesthouse. Leaving 1 -page death letter from the case at 22.00 hrs. On the night of March 15, the police police station, Saraphi Police Station, was notified of Mr. A (assumed name), aged 17, a student in grade 5, a famous private school. In Chiang Mai Who used a short pistol to shoot his temples at home when the officers arrived Found a 2 -story luxury house on the 1st floor bedroom of the house. The body of Mr. A was lying in the bedroom. There was a lot of blood from the right temples. The medical team tried to pump his heart before being taken to Saraphi Hospital. In which officials have first aid But the patient is very serious Therefore quickly forward to Maharaj Nakorn Chiang Mai Hospital And died Inspect the firearms used to cause the father of Mr. Shin Krit Officials therefore inspected as evidence. The deceased also wrote a death letter. Leave it on the table for the family. There is about 1 page. The paper is stress that is blackmail about money. And would like to apologize to everyone in the family. There are reports that the student black mail gang is found to unfold the hole or clip to call for money. Until some victims were stressed and thoughtful, both tied to death, taking suicide Or shooting himself, with this gang focusing on wealthy students Charge In order not to bring the secret clip of the said student to abuse Willing to lose money for these gangs many times But these gangs would not break up And continue to plow the money and proceed to intimidate as well as the students who cannot bear And decided to cause a tragic incident. It was reported that Maj. Gen. Bundit Tungsanee, Deputy Director of Region 5, received this report. And ordered the police in the area of the incident, the student committed suicide To hunt for the blackmail gang to prosecute And have the local police who investigate carefully, gather various evidence And clear in this case. The police officers in Saraphi Police Station Chiang Mai by Col. Bancha Inthasat, Director of Saraphi Police Station, had a meeting in this matter and gave the investigation team. Collect various evidence And looking for a female black maid, plowing money, threatening until the students think short. Now, the police are already aware of these gangs. Gathering various evidence To be clear Which the police assumed that these gangs should be made as a team And finding victims of students at home And ironing Claiming the said money
Caught and stingyBlack mail clips-plow money victimsThe cause of the student of grade 5 shot himself.|Collecting a young man forcing male students, grade 5, filming porn clips and blackmail Pressure Until the child raised himself (17 March 65) at the Royal Thai Police (Police) Maj. Gen. Roy Ing Pairote, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, as the director of the Children's Protection Center, family, prevention and suppression of human trafficking and region. Fisheries, the Royal Thai Police (Bureau of the Royal Thai Police) revealed that from the case on March 15, 2022, the police of Saraphi Police Station Was notified of a man using a firearm to shoot himself The deceased is the boy J (a hypothetical) aged 17 years. The cause of the motivation for the deceased Comes from being intimidated to the deceased to transfer money to the criminal in exchange for the criminal not to bring the videos of the deceased to spread. Until causing the deceased to cause the shot By writing a death letter, appearing in the news In this regard, he ordered the Ticac Bureau of the Royal Thai Air Force to rush to investigate with Phor. 5 by investigating the relevant financial routes. And the CCTV of the account owner Until getting the picture while pressing the money after the victim transferred the money And proven the offender, Mr. Chantaphat, 26 years old and the inquiry official Gathering evidence of the Chiang Mai Provincial Court issued an arrest warrant for the said person in the offense. "Son took the property, possession of pornography for children to seek sexual benefits for themselves or others." According to the Chiang Mai Provincial Court's arrest warrant 187/2565 dated 17. March 2022, the latest ticac, the corpse of the police officer, investigated until knowing that Mr. Chantaphat lived in the Bangkok area. Therefore collaborated with The NESDB helped to investigate and find the news until Mr Chantaphat lived in a dormitory. In the Bangkok area Therefore followed up to arrest Mr Chantaphat with the belongings In the process of delivering Saraphi police investigation officers investigated and expanded the prosecution of those involved in the said offense under the law. According to the history inspection, it was found that the incident had caused the said manner many times, it was reported that tomorrow (18 March 65), the director of the Royal Thai Police has assigned Maj. Gen. . Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander in Chief and Deputy Director of the Royal Thai Police, traveled to the area to investigate the accused by himself and expanded that the accused had caused the said characteristics with child And how many other women are to be evidence To have the most legal punishment
NBTC joins the police to order 6 Openers, the 4 -scale measures, dark center gangs|Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission and the Royal Thai Police (Royal Thai Army) collaborated to solve the problem of the Call Center gang to deceive the people. Enjoin all 6 international telephone service providers (IDD) uses 4 measures to extract the deception of the Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (Royal Thai Police) to solve the problem of the CALL CENTER gang to deceive the people according to the policy of government With all 6 international telephone service providers (IDD), including AIN Globalcom Company Limited, DTAC Trinet Company Limited, Advanced Wireless Network Company Limited, Otoro World Corporation Company Limited. Ruamove H Universal Communication Co., Ltd. and the National Telecommunications Public Company Limited has strictly solving the problem of the CALL CENTER gang. By specifying measures As follows: Mr. Trairat Wiriya Sirikul, acting on behalf of the Secretary -General of the NBTC, said that the measures that the Office of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission emphasized all 6 international telephone service providers (ID). Will help people to distinguish that The call that calls is a call from abroad. So as not to answer the call that may be the call from the Call Center gang
Deputy Commander in Chief confirms!The police station takes care of normal safety, not threatening "Por-Robert".|The Deputy Commander in Chief confirms the police station in accordance with the duties. Protect the border for safety with all parties. Not threat "Por-Robert" between the hike today (18 March 2022) at the Royal Thai Police (Police) Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat The Deputy Commander of the National Police (Deputy Commander in Chief), as a supervisor of the Border Patrol Police Headquarters (Bor.Chor.), Mentioning the case of Luang Phi Uthen, along with Po-Robert, claiming. Being police The police station threatens that From the report from Lieutenant Colonel Nattha Sing Udom, the police station, confirmed that the police were not involved in the hike of the high society, which was only the news. Check which is a border on security Because it is a border that the officers do not have various offenses Including the smuggling of foreign workers Products or illegal drugs, etc., which are quite dangerous. And also a military battle In addition, the neighboring countries are now fighting. For safety, therefore do not want people Or going to the hike will be a risk May not be able to take care of Not the case of being involved or tracking It is a normal work of the police station. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak said that the staff at the area has informed that it is concern. And is a security measure Usually there will be inspection if entering the border. Which may be smuggled into the city And is an unsafe style if normal people enter Which, when we enter, we don't know where to go next If crossing to neighboring countries, they may be arrested again. And there are issues about the fighting of neighboring countries as well, so it is not allowed to enter There is no other purpose. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Added that The area is a border area on security. Which various border lines Is a strategic area according to natural channels Or various border lines Will depend on the military strategy Which the military will give the area to the border patrol police responsible Believe that the area is the area of the police officers, which the police must set up various care systems Both road routes And various paths of smuggling There will be a checkpoint which The Border Police will see that there will be a checkpoint. Which has no policy for the general public to enter Because if entering, it is not possible to control where to go If crossing the shore to neighboring countries, they may be arrested. The purpose is to prevent the offense. And for safety with everyone By not crossing through the checkpoint only Border Patrol Police do not know what to do or come to hike, which normal people will not let in. Is just a checkpoint that prevents smuggling in the city already If a Myanmar people come in, they will arrest. Or protect Thai people across the shore Or smuggling in the area which may break the law Police who didn't know anything before Is a point that must take care of safety, not allowing anyone to pass easily, however When asked about the case of the social world admire the duty of the border patrol police Gen. Gen. Damrongsak said that he was thankful because the police worked honestly. Did not choose the dear that was often hated Work according to various evidence People probably understand that the police do not intend to be in which side. Only work according to duties while Pol.Lt.Gen. Yingyot Thep Chamnong, spokesman for the Royal Thai Police Revealed the case that it appeared in the media that Luang Phi Uthen Phra from Tha Mai Temple Came out to give information to the media that a man carrying a gun, driving and parked in the car. Tri Kanchananan or Robert, the accused of watermelon case Which resembles a police Then complained to Pol.Lt.Gen. Nattha Singh Udom, Director of the Police Department and Pol. Maj. National Ordered the relevant agencies to speed up the investigation If found to be any person Or is a police officer in any affiliation With the intention or behavioral in the wrongdoing To proceed in accordance with the legal frame immediately If there is any progress, the results will be informed. The police spokesman confirmed that the Royal Thai Police Did not order or have a policy to proceed with that with the accused in the case Whether this case or any case If the accused in the case has behavior that will break the insurance contract Then can cancel the insurance contract And brought back to detain Or already sent to the court. The accused or those who have been damaged by the said behavior Able to complain to the inquiry official in the area of the incident
Commander in Chief 1 has not issued an arrest warrant for watermelon cases.Schedule insurance conditions"Por-Robert"|The Provincial Police Commissioner Region 1 confirmed that the arrest warrant has not been issued in the offense of the death of the watermelon's death. As for the pilgrimage with the clergy of Por and Robert, there may be a temporary discussion with the Mr. Insurance today (18 March) at the Provincial Police Investigation Division 1, Pol.Lt.Gen. Jiraphat Phumjit, Region 1 Police Commissioner, interviewed after the meeting of the investigation team of the deaths of "Watermelon" Miss Nida Patcharaweerapong, confirming that there has been no issue an arrest warrant for offenders. more Because the investigation has not been completed And refused to give an opinion in the case of the 2nd autopsy results by the medical committee from the Forensic Science Institute Thammasat Hospital Chaloem Phrakiat. In the case that the border patrol police prohibit Mr. Tanupat Lertthaweewit or Po and Mr. Paiboon Tri Kanchananan or Robert and the Sangha walking hike in the boundary Is correct Because that point is a border area And within the border power of the border patrol police The Provincial Police Commissioner Region 1 also states that the police have coordinated with the insurer. And was notified of the change of the location of both of them If the police found that Both of them are against the bail conditions. Can revoke the bail And after this There may be a discussion with the insurer. About letting both of them report more often Or increase the securities of bail than before
Mae Taeng, answered, a suspension of Krishna lawyer"The police rank Yai Seng because I don't know about it."|Open the reason "Mae Watermelon" ordered to change the lightning lawyer. The incident disobeyd the order of the "lawyer Decha", much better today (18 March) Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin, the mother of "Watermelon Nida" or Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong revealed through By telephone while talking to "Lawyer Decha" about changing the lawyer In the past, Mr. Krishna Sri Bunpimngseng was appointed. Is a lawyer But most recently changed to Mr. Decha Kittiwittayanan Is a lawyer and made a 100% watermelon case that the mother did not release the lawyer Krishna But changed to the lawyer Decha Is a mother's lawyer And that the mother of watermelon Only one person, the lawyer Krishna will help Lawyer Decha work in the office. Will not come out for any interviews, no need to be on TV No need to walk the document No need to go to the police station To be at the office only And the lawyer Decha is the commander. Ordering because the lawyer Krishna conflicts Previously, the mother said not to be released. Not interviewing Because there is nothing to say, but the lawyer Krishna is still going on various programs, refusing to stop, which the interview said about the case of watermelon. Causing the police rank to be dissatisfied Because he could not negotiate The lawyer of Krishna was just finished. Just 2 years, the law was still not accurate. Which the police have a feeling of annoyance Because he didn't know the matter. In the first period that the mother asked Krishna to do the case Because there is a police at Muang Nonthaburi police station recommended. At that time, the mother didn't have to use the lawyer, so he accepted it. But not yet used Until 1 week after the incident Therefore need to use a lawyer Because there are a lot of interviews Therefore there is a lawyer to help Which overall cause Mother is not happy with the lawyer Krishna, who has been interviewed in many places. Personally, the mother believes that Krishna lawyer needs the media area. To create a profile for yourself Because it is a new lawyer. Mother Phanida still believes that the lawyer Decha is much better. And the mother has always seen the work of the lawyer Decha since he did not know until he got to work together
"Por-Robert" has not practiced Dharma in Kan.And report to the police every Tuesday|"Yogi Po-Yogarbert" has not practiced Dharma in Kanchanaburi. But will be at the Dharma Station, Wiki University, Suan Phueng District, until 9 days, ready to report to the police every Tuesday. Phra Uthen Sirisaro or Luang Phi Uthen Abbot of Tha Mai Temple, Samut Sakhon Province, provided yoga and yogarbert Practice Dharma at the Dharma, Wikiyuki University, Suan Phueng, Ratchaburi Province for 9 days without having to travel to practice at Wat Lod Cave. Kanchanaburi So that you don't have to travel back and forth, and the police have both the police report every Tuesday at Suan Phueng police station. All 9 days will be done. Wake up in the morning. 04.00 hrs. Meditation and alms Which will not go out to hike on the hill because of fear of not being safe both from border problems and church-19 Including other concerns. In the case of last night, the man was claimed to be a border patrol police (Bor.) There will be a coordination of police officers to take care of safety as well. In which Luang Phi Uthen has assigned the Dharma to take care of the Dharma practice of both of them Personally, Luang Phi Uthen traveled back to Tha Mai Temple. Samut Sakhon Province finished
The police joined the FDA. Eliminating the fake cosmetics warehouses of 18 famous brands worth over 70 million.|The police investigated the Central Central FDA. End the fake cosmetic warehouse, 18 brands of famous brands, the large value of over 70,000,000 baht. Today (18 March 2022), police officers by the order of Pol.Lt.Gen. Natthasak Chaowanasai, Deputy Commander in Chief, Pol.Lt.Gen. PO. The Royal Thai Police, Deputy Commander in Chief, Police Colonel Neti Wongwong, Director of the 4th Army, PAO, the Food and Drug Administration, by Dr. Phaisan Dan Khum, Secretary -General of the Board. Food and Drug, Dr. Witit Saritchaikul, Deputy Secretary -General of the Food and Drug Administration Jointly announce the performance of the work in the case of fake cosmetics, many famous brands Found many items By deceived via online platforms Seize the product that is suspected of fake 18 famous brands worth over 70,000,000 baht. Due to the police officers, the 4 supervision of the Crime Suppression Division on the Council of Consumer Protection (PAO) received complaints from the Food Committee. And drugs (FDA) and from many consumers to buy cosmetics, famous brands When used, it is found that it is a fake and inferior cosmetic product. By buying through online platforms Therefore investigated until knowing the source of the said illegal product Found a rental house with Vietnamese people for rent as a place to store many fake and poor cosmetic products. The said cosmetic product has been advertised on online platforms at a cheaper price. Later, on March 14, 2022, Kor. 4, the PACC together with the Criminal Court of the Phra Khanong Criminal Court. Search for storage locations in Suan Luang Subdistrict, Suan Luang District, Bangkok With a Vietnamese woman (Reserve a real name-surname) showing himself as the said housekeeper From the inspection of this house, used as a storage and package package for cosmetics to customers. After that, seizure of cosmetic products that are suspected of fake the famous brand of 18 brands, worth over 70,000,000 baht, as a central item, sent to the investigation officer. 4, the PACC proceeded to prosecute. Cosmetic Act B.E. 2558-base "selling cosmetics without Thai labels" shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding one month. Or a fine of not more than ten thousand baht Or both adjustable- the base "selling cosmetics that do not notify" must be punished with a fine not exceeding twenty thousand baht 2. Trademark Act B.E. 2534-base "Distribution, offering or available for distribution, which has a trademark Certification or fake mark "must be imprisoned for a imprisonment not exceeding 4 years or a fine not exceeding four hundred thousand baht. Or both, and adjusting the police. And if the company has confirmed that the actual trademark Therefore classified as a fake cosmetics And would like to remind consumers again Be careful when buying cosmetics products online. Especially claiming that the price is too cheaper than normal, Pre Order, 100% genuine lottery cutting, not paying taxes, therefore cheap Or organizing promotions that are reduced to unlikely, such as 50 - 70%discount, buy 1 get 1 free, buy 1 get 2 free, etc., ask consumers to always remember that you are at risk of getting fake. Important items Used and may cause a broken face, so before pressing the order every time May the bodies be careful and think carefully first. And before buying any health products Should check the permission of the FDA website www.fda.moph.go.th first every time. If the production source or distribution of illegal health products or may not be safe in consumption Please report the complaint at the FDA hotline. Tel. 1556 Email 1556@fda.moph.go.th Or the Provincial Health Office nationwide while Pol.Lt.Gen. Anan Nanasamai, Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission, the Provincial Administration of the Corps of the people to be careful and carefully. Do not buy products through online media. Just because of selfish prices that are cheaper than the market and believe in advertising And would like to emphasize the supplier via platform E-Market Place And all online media that do not sell illegal products to sell or deceive consumers, if found to be legal proceedings to the end. You can report clues at the hotline. 1135 or Facebook page.
"Lawyer Krishna" weeps open the back of "Mae Watermelon", releasing in the air, not hungry.|"Lawyer Krishna" weeping after being "Mae Watermelon" released from the case. I did not release the show because of hungry. But already made an appointment Forgot to think that it may be deformed at 15.20 hrs. (18 March 65) Mr. Krishna Sri Bunpimngseng Former lawyer of Mae Taeng Traveled to meet Mr Decha Ready to give an interview to the media for the last time of this case Revealed that the reason for traveling slowly because it is in an anxiety period with a continuous phone to encourage, so it can be driven for many hours. And since the morning talked to mom 2 times before the lawyer Decha called Which has no problem and does not blame the mother because it is the right of the mother who analyzed from her own work, according to the reason that the mother said before, would like to explain the story Mother used to say that no need to be in the media. But there is a program that has been contacted before the mother said, so the mother is the last program But accidentally forgot that he promised another channel and went on the show, causing her to be angry here And there is also a case that he tries to push his mother into the car in order to refrain from interviewing the media and then interviewed himself The purpose is not to let the mother say. But afraid that the mother said and the tour was concerned, so the mother asked to wait in the car He was not hungry. But previously made an appointment But forgot to think that it will lose with the case In addition, for the issue of doubt about the wounds that he is not yet suspicious. Admitted that it was his own wrong communication Is his own suspicion Therefore holding Visa's actions, I have to apologize to my mother too. I have to respect the decision. Personally, I would like to stay behind and embrace my own mistakes. As the mother said from a little experience Lawyer Decha has more experience. Therefore want him to stay behind And I am ready to walk behind the lawyer and accept the decision of my mother. Without being angry with both the mother and lawyer Decha Confirmed to respect the rights of the mother Because making this case requires experience and delicate I still need more experience, so it is appropriate for the lawyer Decha to be a general. Thank you to the mother for trusting from the beginning, giving the opportunity to do this case. Admit that he traveled to contact the police to ask for the mother's phone number and introduce themselves to be a lawyer in this case To be honest in my heart Hope to build a reputation for yourself Thinking of releasing debt for yourself as well Since being a lawyer for the mother to receive money from mother 35,000 baht when going to Udon Thani to pay the debt Which while working for the mother, there is a continuous work Including today, he was withdrawn from this case The work that has been made in the case has not been canceled, only the people who call to encourage He appreciated his heart before the press conference. Mr. Krishna Raised his hands to thank the sponsors for the past And said in a shaking voice that That crying, he was not sad. But delighted to have supporters and encouragement If someone is helping, please send work to him instead. In order to be able to use the skills to work in the lawsuit And from now on, he gave all the news interviews As well as thank the fans for sympathy Glad to have a lover Confirm that it has not yet retreated. I would like to work behind my mother's wishes. And if there is evidence that he can find Will be given to Mr Decha They really understand the wishes of the mother. And admit that it is not really accurate in some sections Still have to keep learning The lawyer of Decha encouraged the lawyer Krishna revealed that he warned Krishna every day. Therefore want to understand his own behavior And ask the lawyer Krishna, do not be discouraged, do not retreat
aggressively!10 motorcycle vehicles chase after shot 17 children.|10 motorcycle chase, shot 17 children, died. Father believes that children do not involve the wrong shot. The police rushed to follow up on the prosecution of more than 10 teenagers driving a motorcycle, chasing after a group of teenagers. In the parallel road, Rama 2, Bangkok, killed 1 person and 1 injured. In this case, the police interrogated the environment and inspected the CCTV to find a path to proceed with the law. Outside at night By meeting the last time at around 14:00 on Friday, March 18, the son said that he would go to take things at a friend's house in Bang Pak Kaew While at about 4:00 am on Saturday, March 19, he learned that his son was shot dead, which he himself knew the information from his son's friend that during the incident. There are about 10 teenagers driving a motorcycle through a group of 4 sons' friends on the side of the road. After that, he drove a motorcycle back and used a gun to escape. For the incident, the police said that the group that shot his son earlier had a story with a group of teenagers in the alley similar to the scene. Therefore, it is believed that the son is not involved and should be a wrong shot because he understands that the son is a teenager around that Mr. Sophon. Admit that the son May not be a good person but not the person who will go to another person But before studying here Used to work in a private transportation company, who had already warned his son and didn't want his son to come to study here Finally, the incident occurred while Mrs. Kesinee, the mother of the deceased. Gave information to the media after testifying to the police that personally did not know the incident before. Before the child was shot, the child was working and studying, but during this period of unemployment at home, raising the younger And the latest consecutive time at 15:00 on March 18, with himself ordered the deceased to collect their own clothes and siblings. In order to prepare to go to the younger camp that was hospitalized Before the accident There is no unusual premonition. Until he learned that his son was shot dead Personally confirmed that the son had never been to another person. The monk admitted that when he saw his son's body condition, it was a reasonable reason.
Dr. Pornthip revealed the proof of the hygiene sheet at the watermelon at the scene of the incident.|Dr. Khun Pornthip Rojanasunan revealed Proven from the hygiene sheet at the watermelon at the incident by Dr. Wadewet, the police hospital, tested the sanitary pad. To find urea According to the person in the incident, testifying that the famous actress, watermelon Nida or Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong, urine at the end of the boat before falling into the boat The results of the sanitary pads were not found, which are urine compounds. The above data is revealed from Dr. Ying Pornthip Ejan Get information from experts in checking this matter With assumptions That may not be detected in the sanitary pad Is 1. The period of drowning 2. Urine Which stains the sanitary pad before falling into the water may be small. 3. When death occurs All the anus of the deceased will open. The body will release the liquid. May cause the sanitary pad to have Many other contaminants do not find very small amount of urea. This is just an assumption. For clarity Probably have to wait for confirmation from the person responsible for this case
The mother shocked her 17 -year -old daughter, being forced by her boyfriend until the stomach was not responsible for a few days to give birth.|Single mother took the hand of a 17 -year -old daughter to report after being raped by a boyfriend until pregnant. At first I was responsible. Before the blog, the number is scheduled for birth 1 April. Reporters reported that today (19 March), a 56 -year -old single -year -old mother, holding a 17 -year -old daughter to report to Police Lieutenant Colonel Pongsakorn Thongprasert, investigative officer. Phor Kuan Don, Satun province, in the case of Mr. A (a fictional name), 16 years old, who is the same schoolmate. Came to pick up his daughter to travel But what did you go back in the resort? Until the daughter was pregnant, Mr Ae said to be responsible for the child in the stomach Causing the daughter to keep the child Until now, the stomach has grown for 9 months and is scheduled to give birth on April 1, 65. Until now, Mr A has blocked his daughter's phone. And did not think to take responsibility for the child in the stomach, who had no job Live with daughter There are 2 grandchildren who have to raise, with the eldest daughter responsible for the family. As for the youngest, I want you to continue studying until the end. Therefore would like the father to take responsibility for the children in the stomach after being notified. The inquiry official contacted Mr. A (the fictional name) that the mother and woman claimed to be when the child in the stomach But Mr A tried to evade, claiming that he was detained because of some braids in Nakhon Si Thammarat province, with the officers asking Mr. A to give a testimony. And will contact Mr. A's parents Since both are still a single mother, said that this report was initially reporting a minor charge. Acting as a rape, which the man did not accept the child in the stomach. By saying that it is not his own child Which the man came to pick up his daughter at home while he was 2 times, telling him to go out to find something to eat when the daughter was pregnant Because there are no menstruation for many months But the daughter refused to say that he was pregnant Come to tell him to grow up and can't fix anything. On April 1, 65, this will be the date of the birth schedule of the younger and the report today. For the man to be responsible And if not responsible, will request legal proceedings And in the part of that child I will raise myself. Which if men will take care Would like to send money to the expense of the child Because he was already difficult. The daughter said that he and Mr A (assumed name) study at the same school During the incident, he was in Mathayom 5, while Mr. A. M.4 was born in the same year. But about 5 months apart from each other, Mr. A moved to high school in Krabi province. Mr A greeted him on Facebook. After that, he always talked to each other for 5 months before the pregnancy. On the day of the incident, Mr A came to pick him up at home to find something to eat. Then took him to the resort And could not rape himself Until October 64, he knew that the pregnancy then told Mr. A to go. At first, Mr A didn't accept. But later said to keep the child Because Mr. A is responsible for himself But this matter doesn't want mom to know Because the mother was a teacher until January 2018, he talked to Mr A about the child in the stomach again Because he wants to continue studying to finish grade 6, wanting to be responsible for children Because he still has no income Mother has no income in the house. 5 people have the only sister who cares. If Mr A is not responsible for himself, it's fine. But want to come to talk about children Because he could not take care of himself, he would never know about Mr A family and never been to home Know only the mother is a teacher Father is a police officer in Songkhla province when Mr A tried to evade. Can't contact, so the mother brought to report He never had anything with others. The child in the stomach is the child of Mr. A. If Mr A doesn't believe that this child is a real child He was ready to check the DNA. No need to take responsibility Just responsible for the child only Because he pity the mother
Father "Nong Prem" forbids the seniors to come to join the funeral.Dreaded, unable to accept|Relatives receive the body of Nong Prem. The victim accepted the brutal brother to perform merit at Sikhio. Prem's father did not let the seniors who caused the incident. Join the funeral Dreaded, unable to accept the case of Mr. Pasot or Nong Prem, 19 years old, is a high school high school student. 1 Died from being assaulted by the seniors in the new activity at the latest Mr. Ekachai, 55, Prem's father. Received the body of Prem traveling from the National Forensic Science Institute. Police Hospital Bangkok Arrive at Sikhio Kanaram Temple or Wat Noi, Sikhio Subdistrict, Sikhio District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province to set up a funeral of the tradition by 3 days. After that, the cremation ceremony will be performed. On Monday, March 21, 65, Mr Ekachai, the father of Prem, revealed that even the parents of the seniors Will try to give money to his family In the amount of 500,000 baht, but I will not request Because it is considered that the life of his beloved son Cannot beat the value His son is having a bright future. Have to end life by organizing this nonsense activity Is something that cannot be forgiven. I would ask the police to proceed to the end. At the same time, the seniors who caused the crime Try to contact yourself In order to request to mourn at the funeral I didn't want to come. Because he was afraid that the relatives could not be able to accept, but if the parents of the seniors would not come Because the parents would not know anything about this younger activity
Collecting a young man in the middle of a convenience store in the middle of the night "Chocolate" worth over 7 thousand baht.|The police gathered unemployed. Invade the convenience store "Chocolate", worth over 7 thousand baht, 19 March 2562, Col. Suraphong Putthao, Ph.D., Prawet Police Station Police Colonel Kittirat Wongkaenat Ordered the investigation team in Prawet Police Station Arresting Mr. Surachai or O, aged 42, after the injured person reported to the Prawet police officers that on March 17, 2022 at approximately 23.37 hrs. Wear clothes, sports clothes Came to cause robbery by using weapons to intimidate employees in the convenience store At the mouth of Soi On Nut 66, Suan Luang Subdistrict, Suan Luang District, Bangkok, with the criminal picking the products, which is a chocolate snack. Many items After the incident ran across the shore Enter Soi On Nut 49, Morwan 1 community. Investigation found that people have received 14 chocolate snacks. The total price is 7,039 baht. After the investigative officers know that the nickname O, the nickname, lived in the rental room in that area. Therefore brought the power to inspect and arrest the accused to confess Cause only because of wanting to eat chocolate Therefore using the knife to cause the said incident Which previously worked as a dishwasher, noodle shop From the inspection, had previously had a history of drug use cases. When the officer searched in the room Found the belongings, which are the said product in the room. While also seizing weapons, knives used for incidents and clothes on the day of the incident Report the charges Bringing the belongings with the middle of the case, sending a note to the Prawet Police Station to prosecute according to the law.
Lawyer Krishna Yam has an important witness object. "Watermelon" may turn from careless cases.|Lawyer Krishna Yam has an important witness object. "Watermelon" may turn from a negligence case to intend - confirm the position of the Thai Srivila Party Advisor. Going to find evidence to Mr. Krishna Sri Bunpimng, a lawyer, exposed to the role after Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksinthornwanon Appointed as a legal consultant, Thai Sriwilai, and he has already accepted as a consultant that The initial duty is to search for evidence and truth about the case. The death of Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweeraphong or Watermelon together with Mr. Mongkol Kit and Mr. Rueang Rattanaphong, which will seek new evidence and will give an interview to the media only on the new issues or evidence they have discovered. Do not go back to interviews in the old things, such as not talking about the Royal Thai Police or Forensic, but only to talk about the content found because she does not want mothers to be dissatisfied. And if searching for new evidence Will notify the inquiry official in the case because it is considered an additional evidence But if the inquiry official does not accept, it may coordinate the lawyer Decha. Because it is the main lawyer, the watermelon lawyer, Krishna Admitted that As for the important evidence that he still hopes to have good news such as traces of wounds at MD, MD, Dr. Pornthip Rojanasunan is still wondering, including the cut -off nails to prove. Which still has to anticipate whether it will have good results in the case or not There is also another important witness object. That the police have collected since Saturday, the mother of watermelon has delivered a good seal to the police And myself have coordinated by the police Muang Nonthaburi Police Station That the examination has been completed But I have no power and then ask the lawyer Decha to listen instead, stating that this witness object may change from negligence to the intention. But can't tell Because if the opponent knows, it will not be able to go to the evidence and stating that they already have their own plans to present MPs Mongkol Kitti. Continue to fight now. When going out, there are people who like and ask to take pictures. Which he had never encountered this kind of event because it was not an artist As for Mr. Mongkol Kit Appointed oneself to confirm that it was not because of pity But saw his own ability and intention, which after the watermelon case The party will allow themselves to help with the cases that have received complaints from the public and specify their own debt problems and Jeraja with the debtor. That it can be repaid, but ask for some time Reporters reported that today (10.30 hrs.) Mr. Mongkol Kit Have an appointment for lawyer Krishna To officially assign in the position of the party's legal advisor as well
The teenage gang confessed to shoot the 17 children, extinguished, wanting to avenge the juniors.|The teenage gunman who caused the shot of the young men died. Claiming to have an argument with the parties Therefore revenge on the progress of the teenagers riding a motorcycle at least 6 cars, chasing the 17 -year -old young man, died and another 17 -year -old youth were injured. The incident occurred in the middle of the night continuously on the morning of March 19. On Rama II Road Responsible area of Tha Kham Police Station. Later, the police investigated the Metropolitan Investigation 9, following the trace of the motorcycle of 1 of the criminals. Parked behind Bang Krai Temple, Samae Dam Subdistrict, Bang Khun Thian District and arresting Mr. Tasaphon, 19 years old, who used the firearm to shoot At the rental house, there was no number in Soi Samae Dam 2, while Mr Thanawat, 19 years old, contacted to surrender to the investigation officer yesterday, Police Colonel Lertsak Kheamsap, the director of Tha Kham Police Station, revealed that the inquiry official interrogated Mr. Phol to the knot Referred to Do it because you want to avenge your junior friends. That had previously been attacked by the parties Not an offense Which is the claim of the accused The police still do not believe in this testimony. Initially, the inquiry official reported the charges of killing others and the offense of carrying weapons. Go to the city without a reasonable reason. Which aside from the accused who was a hand shot And those who surrendered yesterday There is still no arrest of other accused. And no more arrest warrant has been issued While the investigation department is in the process of expanding the followers to find other participants. Along with accelerating the collection of evidence Interrogating those in the event In order to prosecute those who are involved in the offense further
Deputy spokesman for the police revealed that many brutal seniors were charged.Accelerate the exam in 30 days.|Deputy Spokesman of the police explained further progress. The prosecution of the seniors who organized the university's activities in Nakhon Ratchasima today (20 March 2022) Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen, Deputy Spokesman of the Royal Thai Police Explanation of additional progress The prosecution of a group of seniors of a university in Nakhon Ratchasima, who brought the juniors out to organize activities to receive the younger ones outside the place, the scene of the juniors died on March 13, 65 that the progress of the case. At this time, the investigation officers of the police station have investigated 59 witnesses. Investigate 7 people, the accused, and reported the allegations in the offense. "Together to hurt others, causing death." In addition, the process of gathering evidence Consider reporting additional allegations. In the offense of harming others, causing harm to the body or mind of others According to the Criminal Code, Section 295, together in the public place or in front of the gift Act in any way Which is bullying or persecuted others Or causing others to be shameful or annoyed According to the Criminal Code, Section 397 and jointly gathering or mingling each other anywhere, which is a violation of the requirements under Section 9 (2) of the Emergency Administrative Sites in 2005 and the Contact Disease Act B.E. 2015 and will accelerate the investigation within 30 days to proceed with the legal procedures. Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, National Police Commissioner Has instructed the relevant police to prosecute quickly and directly to prove the truth to appear With fairness to all parties Emphasizing forensic science is important in collecting evidence to assemble the police spokesman. To organize activities to accept younger or force the juniors to participate in the activity regardless of safety Violation of rights and equality If there is an offense With injury or death Will be prosecuted according to the legal procedures Have a history and the future And would like to leave the teachers of various institutions To help to oversee the activities of students, should have measures to prevent the cause that may occur. And asked to bring the said event as an example to seniors, students from various institutions Including organizing activities that do not consider safety and inappropriate If going to organize activities to receive children, they should organize activities in a creative way. Consider safety Physical readiness of the juniors Or the participants Activities must consult the teachers of the institute first. Do not do it by Whether with a prank Or without knowledge, and the injury or loss of the doer itself will be prosecuted according to the legal procedures Disgrace Losing the history and future. This is not creative. Able to notify the Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation, Call Center 1313 on official days or if people want to inform any information or clues. Telephone number 191 or 1599 can be 24 hours a day.
The young man locks the neck of the old man.Sneaked with a sawIn the middle of the road, the blood does not flow.|Hunger Lock the neck of an old age, aged 69, before stabbing with a sawdole The blood falls in a drop. Died in the middle of the road, the criminals were mad, causing the murder of relatives in this village. Occurred at 10:00 am on March 21, 2022, Police Lieutenant Colonel Somchon Thong Yai, Deputy Director of Investigation. Nakhon Si Thammarat Police Station Along with the inquiry official And the police inspected the murder at the concrete road in the village near the fountain intersection Chonprathan intersection, Village No. 4, Chai Yamontri Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Si Thammarat District, at the scene of the concrete road beside the rubber plantation, found a body of 69 years old. wound Near the corpse, found a mackerel falling 1 book. Probably the weapon of the criminal used to cause the incident. As for the criminals, after the incident ran to hide in the house, about 100 meters away from the foundation. The officers followed him to detain after that, detained this cause of the car. Muang Nakhon Si Thammarat police station immediately. Knowing the name is Mr. Ekpong, aged 42 years or "Ta Brick" as a relative and the dead. This cause is still in a state of distress. Claiming to be cursed by the dead every day until resentment At the time of the incident, he was presenting, walking, locking his neck and stabbed many times until he died. Before claiming that he was not drunk, did not use the drug, but the incident occurred, bought liquor at the grocery store to eat 10 baht only before saying that there was a problem in the land while Mr Ekpong's relatives Brought the identification card of Mr. Ekpong to the inquiry official and stated that Mr. Ekphong uses a heavy drug Both marijuana and amphetamines, causing frequent hallucinations Always going to argue with the deceased And also threatened to ask for money on a daily basis and became very bored. And he proposed that he would shoot And trying to prohibit the dog that you proposed to feed with Mr Ekpong's dog not to bite each other, it should cause Mr. Ekpong to become crazy. Until late, Mr Ekpong walked with a misery knife and roaming on the road. Speaking alone, like "I will kill" before meeting you. And attacked, but he proposed to compete for a mackerel without knowing that Mr Ekpong has another secret to the sawmill before Mr Ekpong lock the neck. Without bleeding from the wound at all It is expected that the wounds that are stabbed from the secret to the canal, saws will not open, causing the blood to not flow but falls in Causing death after the incident Mr Ekpong ran to hide in his own house, who was about 100 meters away. Not long after that, the officers were captured and brought to prosecute in a state of not being drunk.
Found the forest officials, stealing the royal gunsShoot the stepsonEscape to tie the neck in the forest|Forest officials stole the royal gun Shooting the old wife's house The ammunition was hit by the stepson for over 1 week, found dead in the forest, a hundred hole progress. In the event that Mr. Pit Pirun, 45 years old And the head of the Dong Yai Wildlife Sanctuary, Buriram province, who stole the royal car and steal the long shotgun of the government. To cause the car to shoot the car And the former wife's house at Hu Kham Subdistrict, Pak Kham District, in the middle of the night on March 13, which caused the stepson of the culprit, Mr. Natthaphong, 20 years old Ex -wife Being died by a bullet As for the ex -wife, a new wife and the youngest child and the former mother -in -law survived by the cause of jealousy. Because he saw the ex -wife who asked to break up with Pit Pirun for about 1 month, with a new girlfriend at home Therefore, resentment and caused the tragic incident, after the incident, including police investigations, Region 3, Phutthorn Special Operation Unit, Buriram Province, Pakham Police Station, Non Din Daeng Police Station And more than 100 large Dong Wildlife Sanctuary has distributed continuously chasing the sample Both in the forest area Around the village area And along various routes It is expected that the accused will escape or hide for more than 1 week and the police have been announced because it is the latest danger today (21 March 65). There are reports of the body of Pit Pirun, the accused of death. In the west side of the forest Expected to decide to kill himself in order to escape the offense Because Mr. Pitpirun The accused was approved by the court for an arrest warrant for "Killing others intentionally With a firearm, ammunition in possession , Take a firearm to the city of the village without a portable license Or have urgent reasons Shot in the city, village, public, and invade the housing at night. "It was also reported to condone the burglary of the government. Because of the stealing firearm And the royal car to assemble the said shock. However, still do not know the details clearly that the point of find Found a firearm that stolen to cause the cause or not. Waiting for the inquiry official and the doctor on duty to investigate the incident again.
Open the heart of Prem's wifeThe victim receives the brutal younger."He has no opportunity to see his child's face anymore."|In the case of Mr. Fan Yotsayachakdi or Nong Prem, 19 years old, is a year 1 vocational school student, a mechanic branch. College of Professional Innovation Rajamangala University of Technology Isan Died from being attacked by a group of seniors in a new student that secretly organized offsite In the middle of the night of March 13 Initially, the police interrogated the seniors who caused the incident. And reported the allegations to the 7 seniors on charges of assaulting other people to death. All 7 people have acknowledged the allegations. And the inquiry official released Since there is no latest escape behavior today (March 21, 2022) Wat Sikhio Kanaram or Wat Noi, Sikhio Subdistrict, Sikhio District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, in which the relatives brought the body of Prem to perform the funeral at this temple. The atmosphere is sad. With relatives, neighbors, teachers, RMUS, Isan and Vocational students, year 1, friends of Prem come to mourn in the funeral, which at 16.00 hrs. Today there will be a cremation ceremony of Nong Prem. At the temporary crematorium After the relatives brought the body to perform merit for 3 days. Ms. Pimphan Phetphet, 19 years old, the boyfriend of Prem said that after his girlfriend died, he was not sleeping. I still miss Prem all the time. Also, now he has been pregnant for 2 months and is worried about the children in the stomach. Afraid that he was born with an inferiority complex, Father Prem once said that Want to have a daughter He wants to have a son. And used to joking that If so, the twins would be good. But now Prem would not have the opportunity to see the face of the child anymore. Would like to tell you Prem that after this, he asked to go to happiness Don't worry about yourself and your children. He will try to take care of the children to the best and leave to the seniors who organized the activity to accept the younger until the reason why Prem died that do not organize activities like this again. In order not to cause loss May this be the last loss After this He will study. Which is currently studying at the bachelor's degree, year 1, Faculty of Business Administration, branch General management Which the Rajamangala University of Technology Isan Has coordinated that Will help with scholarships for you to study for free Until the end of a bachelor's degree in Police Colonel Kanasanan Suwannasap, the director of the police station, revealed that at this time, the investigative officer of the police station, interrogating witnesses and those involved in the activities that occurred. And a total of more than 60 mouths, along with the allegations of 7 seniors in the offense of assaulting others, causing death. And the base of the offense together to hurt others, causing harm to the body or mind of others And a total of 25 seniors have been charged with joint offenses, causing others to sell in front of the gift. And the offense of violating the Contact Disease Act 2015, by ordering the inquiry official to expedite the conclusion of the case within 30 days in order to proceed with the legal procedures.
Suki Shop, thrilling!People hitchhiked in front of the housekeeper.The husband is resentful instead of the martyr.|Suki Shop, thrilling! People hitchhiked in front of the housekeeper. After the quarrel A angry husband was attacked. Piercing the parties dead (22 March 65) at 04.00 hrs. Chokchai Police Station, together with the forensic probation officer, police hospital And volunteers of the Por Tek Tung Foundation Inspected the incident, the man was stabbed and died in the famous Suki shop. Ram Inthra Express area At the scene of an unknown man, about 35-45 years old, stabbed with a knife in the area of about 1 wound. Died in the entrance to the Suki shop, dressed in a standing long pants Blue collar T -shirt At the neck of the whistle from the shop staff exam Know that the deceased Not an employee or employee of the shop But often come to earn a little income from the car in front of the shop regularly before the incident, the deceased was intoxicated And quarreled with the housekeeper of Suki About the waste of garbage Before reaching the stage of attacking the housekeeper By punching into the face until swollen The housekeeper then called to tell Mr Warapong, 44 years old, who was a husband. Mr Warapong then brought 1 other to clear. By waiting for the deceased to the shop for more than 30 minutes when meeting the deceased Then use the weapon to pierce immediately. Called to persuade her husband to surrender to Chokchai Police Station, in the process of interrogation Before informing the charges of killing others
Mae Watermelon asked Por's promise, revealed that he had never received a baht. Ask the new MP, or not.|Today (22 March) at the lawyer office, Ram Inthra Lawyer, Decha Kittiwitthayanan, the lawyer of Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin, the mother of the watermelon Nida, announced about the progress of the death of the young actress. In which Mother Phanida has come to join the statement Both on the issue of the vocals to transfer the story as a special case so that DSI is responsible for the new evidence that MP Mongkol Kit Revealed that there is a 30 -minute swimming circuit and the issue of Po and Robert, who had promised Mae Watermelon before ordination by Mother Phanida. Spoke of the issue of being moved to a special case In the responsibility of DSI, the police are responsible for this case. The case is over. Will be confident in all the police. In which the police commander ordered itself, no other agencies were needed Will make the story busy Mother disagreed to submit a special case. Mother understands that all parties hope well. But will come well during this period To dismantle the new case Will make all the mess Previously, no one contacted Mo's case. There was not much hidden. Just chasing the 5 people on the boat, the story was over and then the power of the lawyer Decha to manage the case. Mother has no right to comment. Mom feels good to have people calling for fairness to Nong Mo. But if busy with the case Asked the lawyer Decha to decide to manage Probably not to the point of law But just do not mess with the case of Nong Mo is enough. Stated that it was a new evidence in that case Mother Phanida said "The story has been a long time ago. Will there be any other evidence? Can swim for half an hour The boat passed and didn't help watermelon. If it's true, it's sad that no one can help. But the mother would like to answer directly I think it's not true. Nong Mo has a lot of wounds. Drink wine again Will there be a power to swim for up to 30 minutes? "The reporter also asked if he was afraid that people would come to find the light from the watermelon's case or not. Everyone hopes to help. The word "finding light" is not as good as the word "how many percent forgiveness" is the same. Do not cut the mother's words as an issue. Mae Phanida also concluded Po and Robert, who had promised to confess everything after ordination. In which the mother said, "Por used to say before ordaining the brahmin that After the ordination will confess This word that mom remembers And wait and see what Po will confess Since the vocational certificate has not been discussed again Mother confirmed that he had not received a money from Po or Robert. I want it. 30 million. My mother jokes. This story is still many steps. Have to go to court to agree on how much money The mother still doesn't think anything. At this time, a baht has not yet been deposited to Po, who had said to the mother that he felt and confessed. Mother is waiting here. Por is not a normal person. He is a gentleman. "
The Court of Appeals stood to punish the imprisonment for 4 years, 12 months, Doctor, Silk silk, nobility, age 72, extinguished the clinic.|The Court of Appeals stood to punish 4 years 12 months. The deceased relatives proceeded to sue for 200 million today (23 March) at the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road, the court made an appointment to hear the judgment of the Court of Appeals at Dr. Thanaphon, 53 years old, the owner of the famous beauty clinic in Town, Bangkok. Is a defendant for negligence and causes others to die under the Criminal Civil Service, M.291, operating a hospital and proceeding with the hospital without permission under the Hospital Act. From the case of the defendant established a beauty clinic Creative surgery without permission Which is a violation of the law The defendant sprayed. (Cycical Pockery mixed with aidine), 12 cc to enhance beauty by means of a 72 -year -old woman, high -end, high -aged age Without caution Causing allergic reactions to lips and green fingers After that, the defendant pumped the heart with severity. Until the ribs broke the liver, torn blood in the abdomen Causing death in this case, the court sentenced to imprisonment for the defendant 4 years, based on negligence Causing others to die according to the Criminal Council, M. 291, 1 year imprisonment for a medical facility without permission and another 1 year imprisonment, the medical facility without permission The defendant confessed 2 Charges after reducing the penalty for half of 6 months to 12 months, including imprisonment for 4 years, 12 months without waiting for criminal. The defendant was bailed between the appeal. Today, the defendant came to hear the verdict with lawyers and families of the Court of Appeal. Inspect the meeting, consult and see that the defendant appealed The actions of the defendant are negligence that causes others to die or do not see that the history and physical examination thoroughly before treatment, together with old patients, often have chronic diseases. Therefore, this case The defendant neglects not to take a health history and check the health of the deceased before doing procedures. Which the said act was considered as a direct reason The defendant's appeal cannot be heard. The evidence of the defendant could not listen to the evidence of the plaintiff. The case had a problem. The problem must be diagnosed according to the appeal of the defendant. Finally, there was a reason to punish the defendant and wait for the penalty or not saw that the Court of First Instance. Penalties for a medical entrepreneur without a license And the base of the hospital without a license to imprisonment for 1 year before reducing half of the penalty And negligence is caused by others to death. The 4 -year imprisonment is considered an appropriate penalty. In the event that there is no reason that the Court of Appeals will change to a lighter penalty than this, the defendant appealed to wait for the punishment that the defendant is a medical profession. Must maintain oneself in a fair society and respect the law of the country The defendant uses the scene of the incident in the Sriwara Condo Building. Is a new hospital that has not been licensed to open There is also no necessary tools. To help patients in sufficient crisis When there is a problem between silk threads Causing the defendant to not be able to help the deceased appropriately And according to the appeal of the plaintiff's appeal, it appears that later the defendant did not show regret and alleviate the bad causes of negligence. To the deceased family Therefore there is no reason to punish the judgment But to dismiss the order of the Court of First Instance that allows the three petitioners to participate in the plaintiff only for the offense of the hospital without a license and guilt to proceed with the hospital without receiving a lawyer license. The deceased family revealed that the relatives of the deceased were satisfied with the judgment today. Confirm that the defendant never contacted or came to apologize to the family and relatives in any way. On the day of the incident, the defendant went to the clinic at Sriwara Road. But the defendant said to change to a new clinic that is about to open a condo in the alley beside The clinic, which was later known as requesting a license to establish a hospital And the said place Have to take the elevator and be a narrow alley Believe that if an emergency will be delayed And the area is away from the Erawan Center Bangkok, only 6 minutes, believe that if the defendant calls, it can help the deceased immediately. The relatives have called the damage. Hundred million baht In the past, the Civil Court has recited, but the defendant requested to pay only 1 million baht. Currently, the Civil Court is waiting for the criminal case to the end. Before continuing the case
Hi So Po-RobertWearing whiteReport to the policeStill silent, not answering questions|Hi So Po-Robert Wearing white Report to the police With the car of Wat Tha Mai to deliver to Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Still silent, not answering the question at 13.00 hrs. (23 March 65) at Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, Mr. Tanuphat Lertthaweewit or Po and Mr. Paiboon Tri Kanchananan or Robert traveled to the inquiry official. Both of them were in the white dress with the car of Tha Mai Temple. While the atmosphere in front of the investigation room The investigative police brought the fence to block both sides as a pathway. In order not to cause crowds With police officers facilitated to be orderly Reporters asked both that Is there anything you want to confess to your mother's watermelon? Both do not answer any questions. Hurry and walk out of the car and enter Muang Nonthaburi Police Station immediately, both of them met Col. Chaturon Conservation of graduates Director of Mueang Nonthaburi In the private office, at the same time, there are reports that Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon MPs list And the leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party Then entered the testimony to the inquiry official next to the room
"Sek Loso" is open!The Supreme Court postponed the order.Revealing more exciting every time in life|"Sek Loso" also survived the Supreme Court ordered the Court of First Instance to consider the Supreme Court or not. Before sending to the Supreme Court Make an appointment to listen to the Supreme Court again on March 23, Min Buri Criminal Court. Postpone the order of the Supreme Court, Black case number 1662/2561, the red case number 8288/2561 at the Criminal Prosecutor 12 (Min Buri) is the plaintiff sued Mr. Seksan Sukkhaphimai or Sek Loso Rocker, 47 years old. Is a defendant in the offense with an automatic pistol Which has a registration with ammunition and fighting Or obstruct the official in the operation according to the duties By having or using firearms and drug addiction in the category 1, previously, Mr. Seksan filed a request for the petition to petition 4, as follows Min Buri Criminal Court considers all 4 requests and saw that Due to the 1st request, the judge, which is considered or signed in the verdict of the Court of First Instance and the Court of Appeal to consider and ordered the petition not to be allowed. The defendant has no right to file a request to amend the petition again. To dismiss the petition. As for the 2nd to 4th request, it is a petition that is within the power of the Supreme Court to be considered and ordered, so it is bent to read the order of the Supreme Court and send the petition with the phrase and an order to the Supreme Court for consideration. Continue by the Min Buri Criminal Court Read the order of the court In this case, the Min Buri Criminal Court has not sent a certificate of the Supreme Court to the Court of First Instance with the power to certify all the petitions. The Supreme Court then ordered the judge of the Court of First Instance to the case of the Supreme Court of Mr. Seksan first whether ordered to certify the petition of Mr. Seksan or not before sending the court to consider the petition again. In this class, the case is sold out of the temporary directory before complying with the petty process. Mr. Seksan Revealed after leaving the trial room that Today is more excited than every time in life, but today the court has mercy to postpone the order. As for the reason for postponing, he still does not understand the vocabulary of the court that From this event, I have to adjust my life more than before. Think again Calm down, not impatient As for the steps in the order of that case Is the duty of the lawyer Which will submit additional documents to the court to consider the petition further. In addition, Mr. Seksorn also stated that Family life today is better than before. In which each person adapted Come together, try not to quarrel with each other as before.
Investigate it for years until met.Lamphun girl was fake by Lampang.More than 200 men chat|Open the heart of Lampang, a fake Facebook girl, Lamphun, chat with more than 200 men, claiming to see the pictures of the victims beautiful. And did not deceive anyone from the case of a 24 -year -old woman, Pa Sak Subdistrict, Mueang District, Lamphun Province, was secretly taken by a woman to pretend to be fake, both Facebook, Instagram and Tiktok, deceived with men Over 200 people in the melody In which one of the high school children were tricked into transferring money Until the victim must follow Until meeting a fake Facebook person by himself After reporting, the police said that he didn't know how to follow. Khun Fang revealed that he had just returned home to give birth. Along with the screen of the screen to see, it was shocked because it was not his own Facebook When examined, it was found that someone was impersonating the image to create a file on Facebook. 2 Account and chat with many men. Characteristics of adultery in addition Also found that fake accounts on Instagram, including Tiktok as well, therefore reporting that Muang Lamphun police station on March 12, but the police said that they do not know what to follow. He can only do it as a journal as evidence. After that, try to investigate for over 1 year, so it is known that the woman named beer (reserved the real name) is the people of Thoen District, Lampang Province and has a family in the district of Ung District. The city of Lamphun province then followed to the house and met the woman, who stayed at home with her husband, asking why it was fake on Facebook. This woman responded briefly that he likes to delete all the accounts from social media. And for self -confidence, I would like to buy a telephone SIM card from a woman named beer at a price of 300 baht, but did not report the prosecution, but when the SIM card was opened on the phone, it was found that the image was used to fake. Facebook 2 Account has about 6 thousand Facebook followers and fake Tiktok. There are over 50,000 followers on Instagram. More than 200, one of them is a high school student. Was tricked into transferring money to hundreds at a time As for other men In the process of inspection And he has alerted many people. In addition Still fake the name in the pair of applications And use the name to buy products in the app Online as well The story that happened, he wanted to warn the social media carefully with the latest progress today (23 March). Reporters entered the area of Mae Mok Sub -district, Thin District, Lampang Province, met with beer. The 24 -year -old woman who caused the crime and the person in the clip, where the victim invaded at the fan's house in Lamphun. Referred to that it has been used as a profile on Facebook, Instagram, Tiktok and the app to find a partner because the victim is beautiful. In the past, it was only used to talk to a man who grew up in a sexual melody. Or just like flirting Did not deceive the only money that had previously asked to borrow about a hundred men to play the game After that, transferred the money back to him. As for other people, just talked to each other and when the victim came to him at home on Sunday. I was very shocked. Because he didn't think he would follow Therefore accepted the victim and promised not to do this again Now I have to come back to Lampang. And had to break up with some fans because of this
MP, Tate Mongkol Kitti, ending the watermelon caseWould like to act as a representative as before|Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon Member of the House of Representatives (MP) And the leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party Posted via Facebook on Thursday (24 March) that he will end up helping to find evidence about the death of a 37-year-old actor, Watermelon-Nida Patcharaweerapong and requesting Representative as before. "The case of Nong Watermelon I have served as a representative and civil society. Already And gave evidence Assemble the various observations of the case Ready to be a witness in the case That will be useful for the case in order to be fair to the younger FC watermelon FC. Already Next is the duty of the police and officials according to the judicial process. Which has a direct duty to this case Must answer society in every issue to die Bring the offender to punish the truth. "Mr. Mongkol Kit Posts. "As for me, I will go to act as the representatives of the people as before. In other matters of the people who are responsible for helping to bring problems to concrete solutions For the benefit of the nation and the people. "
Invaded the large call center gang in Cambodia!Potted into Chiang Mai-Transport|PCT police invaded the big office gang in Cambodia. After meeting Chiang Mai Police Station And the transportation staff of the private company today (24 March) Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, as the director of the Technology Crime Suppression Center (Sor Por.) Or PCT announced the results of the arrest of a large call center gang. Which can arrest 28 suspects to help 5 Thai victims in the separation of 28, a total of 61 cases in the heart of Phra Sihanu After investigating that Deceived as a police officer Chiang Mai police station and DHL FedEx employees have many victims. Leading to search for 2 call center gangs in Phra Sihanu Province. The first point is an abandoned factory without the number Have a scam plan by calling the victim and claiming that there is a parcel from a private transportation company And was attached by the Customs Department and illegal items Then there will be police officers Chiang Mai Police Station Contact to check the account or check the financial to deceive the victims to transfer money to By using the profile picture in the application as Pol.Gen. Able to arrest 28 suspects, both Chinese and Thai By being a person who has already issued an arrest warrant The important evidence was detected, mobile phones, radio communications and notebook computers. Point 2 is a building. Phra Sihanu City Which is open as a casino Smuggling call center gangs on the 5th floor of the building. At this point, there will be a scam planning with a scam to fall in love with the application and persuade investment to trade digital money and use deception methods to invest. With the sale of products in the famous application in order to give a high return. The results of 33 Thai people are meeting while working with customers. Which must continue to sort out who is the victim Who is the accused? Initially, there are 5 people who voluntarily want to return to Thailand. Jing has already sent to the Thai consulate in Cambodia. In addition, Also found 68 important evidence of the All in One computer, including 2 points, found a network of call center gangs, 61 people. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak said that from the preliminary investigation Thai people who go to work with the gang will receive a salary of 30,000 baht. If deceived, Thai people successfully get 3.5% of the deception. In the past, we have received cooperation from the consulate of the Thai Embassy in Phnom Penh by Mr. Warinthon Tanwichian coordinated the cooperation between Cambodian police and Thai police. In helping Thai people Despite being a victim being tricked into working And is the accused By providing accommodation and food welfare for everyone as Thai people. Also received good cooperation from Cambodia There will be a joint training between Thai and Cambodian police, consisting of 50 Cambodian police, 20 Thai police officers, which will start training 27-28 March and the training will be completed 11 April by organizing joint training. At the central tactical training center Nong Sarai From the opening of the online notification center on March 1, 65 to the present, found that 4,649 victims were reported online, which was the most financial cases of more than 3,700 cases.
Open the "Rich texts" dialogue at the call center gang in Cambodia.Used to deceive countless victims|Open the "Rich texts" dialogue at the call center gang in Cambodia. Used to deceive countless people from the case of police officers PCT together with the police in Cambodia. Invaded the operation of the major call center gang In the heart of Phra Sihanu Cambodia Arresting 28 suspects to help 5 Thai victims in the separation of 28, a total of 61 cases, with the circumstances deceived as police officers. Chiang Mai Police Station and DHL FEDEX Transport Co., Ltd., including many fake documents such as arrest warrants, Chiang Mai Provincial Court, Criminal Court arrest warrant, subpoena of the Bureau of Finance, Banking Department of Special Investigation Etc. The call center gang will have "dialogue" to deceive the victims. According to the image as follows
The shocking girl parked, filling the oil all the time.Baby pump (clip)|Open a clip to close the thrilling minute. The red label sedan jumped into the pump. Crashing the sedan While the child pump lacking a Facebook user has posted a picture of a red label Crashed into another car that was parked, filling the oil in the gas station PTT Bang Khun Thian 14, stating that "Park, fill the fuel (you). Where did you come out? Pity the pump boy, the legs are broken. "From the picture, the car will be seen as a red sedan. The plastic in the seat has not been removed. Expected to just come out of the car Hit the white sedan The back wheel on the left side is very much while the oil is parked. Which is good that the dispenser has been slightly damaged at the same time Netizens have found that The sedan caused the incident to just leave the car on the same day that crashed into the pump. In addition, both license plates are also very similar. There are also people who come to comment that This pump boy is unlucky, 2 rounds. The first round was hit by a crossfire from the quarrel, and this round of pumps were hit by a crossfire until the latest legs were torn. Reporters reported that Traveled to the scene of the incident At this gas station Close to the entrance of Soi Bang Khun Thian 14, where the incident was found to be traces at the ground near the dispenser from the inquiry. The pump staff in the incident said that at the time of the incident, do not know where the car came from. Saw that he dashed into a pump boy who fills the fuel on the legs and was hit by another injury, while the driver was a woman After the incident was shocked When seeing the condition of the pump boy Was fainted Expected to be a newbie for driving for The pump boy in the legs is broken. Knowing that he was a Myanmar woman Rescue personnel brought to the hospital. Still do not know how the symptoms are now while The owner of a white sedan The poster tells the latest story, posted on Facebook. Is a car damage condition With the message that "More wrinkled than wrinkled Can you fix it? Will it be the same? The origin of the word "strong through the pump, bringing others, he is too unlucky. Not hard to drive, do not find driving Others have to suffer. "While Sathorn Muangsiri, the owner of the gas station, said that this kind of event does not want to blame anyone and do not want to happen anyway. Would like to help take care of the injured in the legs The only fear is not to rely on insurance. As for the parties, there are some calls to inquire about the symptoms of the injured. Should see if you can drive or not And should just drive Would be shocked if looking at the CCTV, it will be repeatedly stepped on the accelerator Which when driving there does not use speed But when turning the car very fast
Collecting the house!The young man deceived the child to shoot porn clips.Exchange items in the gameLet go down the secret group "Stir Fried Basil"|At 06.00 hrs. On 25 March 65, Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamkarn, the commander of the Human Trafficking Crime (Commander in Chief), along with the police officers, the Operations Commission opened the battle. " Stir fried basil "to search for 4 target areas in Bangkok, Ang Thong, Chaiyaphum and Kanchanaburi to clear the arrest of the network. Deceiving a boy, taking pictures and clips of pranka, with important goals at Soi Nawamin House 42, Intersection 20-21, Khlong Group, Bueng Kum District, Bangkok, which is the residence of Mr. Patcharanan. (Reserved surname), 33 years old, the accused under the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court 551/2012 dated 23 March 2022, charged with "human trafficking by incorrectly seeking benefits from production or disseminating objects or pornography. , Production of child pornography Obscene Children are not over fifteen years old. Which the child will agree or not. "When he arrived, Mr Patcharanan Sleeping in the house The officer then showed himself to arrest. Ready to seize mobile phones and computers As evidence from the preliminary examination A large number of images and clips of the arrest. On February 4, the Office of the Royal Thai Police has arrested a network to deceive boys, photographing and clips in the area of Nakhon Phanom province. Of the said movement group will befriend the boy Before deceived to take a pornographic or secret porn picture In exchange for money or prizes as online game items Then will bring the recorded image To be distributed and distributed to members of various secret groups Especially the secret group called "stir -fried basil", which is a large group There are about 400 members, with the secret groups who will have to pay an entrance fee of 150-400 baht per person. In addition, the inspection also found that in addition to the said network There are still many other networks. Therefore accelerating the collection of evidence requesting the power to issue an arrest warrant Until brought to the said operation After this, the official performance will be summarized again at the Royal Thai Police.
Sadly .. the pump boy who was hit by a red labelWake up to find himself, was cutOnly cry|From the case of a red label sedan Charged into the PTT gas station, Bang Khun Thian 14, collided with another car that was parked in fuel in the pump, causing damage. Moreover, more than that, the pump staff who fill the oil were hit by a crossfire. Was hit until the legs were lacking yesterday (24 March 65). The Echan news team asked the owner of the pump at the incident. Therefore do not want to blame anyone Please come to help take care of the injured staff. Most recently, the red sedan driver has contacted. Said that he was ready to take responsibility for the owner of the pump revealed to Lee Chan that Symptoms of the pump staff Now the doctor has amputated. By reasoning that Being hit hard on the left leg The area of the injured area was wound. Dying Therefore cannot be connected The broken right leg Right now, the external iron is in which the mental state of the employees is quite terrible. After the surgery was revived Knowing that he has no legs Cry only Refusing to eat rice, the owner of the pump tells Echan that the pump staff on the legs are broken Working at the pump for 10 years, entered the city legally. Right now, I'm only worried about you. After healing the injury Must find a suitable job Confirm that he does not leave the younger Will take good care of you And would like the parties to come in to help take care too Will not be insured alone, probably not enough Because probably have to do artificial legs
"Rambo-Big Joker" invaded the "Blue Dragon", found 2 million lottery lottery tickets.|Rambo Northeast joins Big Joker to search for "Blue Dragon", found over 2 million government lottery tickets. Selling via online platforms over the price specified from the case that people currently experience the problem of selling or selling government lottery at a price exceeding the price. Set in the government lottery. The said case, Gen. Prayut Chan -ocha, Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Has appointed a committee to solve the problem of those who have suffered from the sale of government lottery sales than specified. To build confidence for the people And help deal with the said problem In order to solve the problem efficiently and concrete, with Mr. Seksakol Attawong, Assistant Minister of the Minister Is the chairman of the Sub -Committee on Solving Government Lottery Problems and Pol.Lt.Gen. Is the vice president of the driving committee And has also been appointed a special operational working group inspecting middlemen who have the behavior of selling or selling government lottery tickets at a price exceeding the government lottery. For the enforcement of such laws and coordinating with relevant agencies in this Pol.Lt.Gen. Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander of the National Police/Vice President As the head of the said special operation team To investigate the middleman and suppress the case of selling or selling government lotteries at a price exceeding the above. Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Ordered Pol.Lt.Gen. Phanchai Chuenjaitham, Deputy Commander in Chief 1/Special Operations Working Group, Col. Pakphum Phisamai, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Police Station 4/Faculty Special operations work To conduct an investigation Inspect the target of middlemen who have the behavior of selling or selling government lotteries at a price exceeding the preliminary investigation. There is an application and website of the "Blue Dragon", which is believed to be operated by the Blue Lottery Company Lottery, which has Mr. Pachay Messiyaporn, 29, as a managing director. Operate by bringing the government lottery Come to scan into the computer system And is open to the sub -dealer representatives Both those who already have a quota to drag and bring the lottery to scan into the system. And those who do not have a quota to buy the lottery to sell to customers, which the customer must also register in the system. When pressing to buy the lottery The system will bring to the storefront of the agent. Which will be offered to sell the lottery over the price By starting at 105 baht per lot, the lottery that is offered in that system There will be a lottery barrel. Making it impossible to check whether it is a real government lottery or not As well as the form of selling the said government lottery Not a direct retail distribution for the people Therefore does not meet the conditions for the lottery distribution Causing the lottery price to be higher than specified Causing trouble to the people There was a search for search warrants of the Criminal Court, dated March 23, 2022, a total of 2 points in 2 provinces, including the search of both points. Special Operations Officer Went to inspect the government lottery that has been stored in both offices Whether it is the real government lottery or not Is it in the quota of the allocation for small traders? And check the government lottery that has been scanned in the database that Is there a lottery to sell over the price? And the lottery that the scanned has a real lottery to share with or not. Maj. Gen. Surachet said, "This operation is due to Gen. Prayut Chan -ocha, Prime Minister Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan, Deputy Prime Minister and Dr. Seksakol Attawong, President of the Subcommittee on Solving Government Lottery Problems Saw the problems that people experienced the sale of lottery Therefore, a committee was established by the said problem, with the Commander in Chief ordered me. As the Vice President of the Subcommittee on Solving Problems And the head of the special operations set Investigate the target of middlemen who have the circumstance of the lottery over the price. In order to solve the problem for the people who have suffered urgently, which today has been searched for 2 million lottery detects, which is presented on the website and application of the Blue Dragon. At the original price of 105 baht, which is more than the law From the preliminary examination, the money was circulated in the said system by over 100 million baht per installment. If found that the person has been allocated in the said platform Must be revoked in the quota in order to prevent the intervention of the price mechanism and the impact on the people. "
The red sedan driver dashed into the pump.Revealed that the throttle was wrong.Now the mental state is extremely bad.|In the case of a red sedan rushing into the PTT gas station, Bang Khun Thian 14 collided with another car that was parked in fuel in the pump, causing damage. Moreover, more than that, the pump staff who fill the oil were hit by a crossfire until the legs were torn, with the revealing that the red label sedan. Just got out of the car for the first day and an accident immediately occurred. Because the driver is not yet able to drive today (25 March). The midday program in time on Channel 3 has interviewed open Mr. Thanawat. The girl's girlfriend, a sedan driver, telling the incident that at the scene of her girlfriend, who normally didn't drive. Born wrong To step on the accelerator Until crashing into the gas station In which he and his girlfriend are ready to be responsible for all the damage Whether medical expenses To the damage of the gas station, in which the red label car at the scene of the incident with the 1st class insurance. Mr Thanawat confirmed that his girlfriend has a driver's license. But in the past, I rarely drive a car after the incident. The girlfriend is both shocked and sad about the incident. Now still in the hospital Poor mental state Cry all the time Must be asleep Can't eat, can't sleep No one wants this event to happen after this. Will give a testimony to Tha Kham Police Station and will visit the injured on Sunday
Commander in Chief 1, update the watermelon case, asking loudly, the Bank of Thailand introduced 3 issues to intervene in the police or not.|The Commander in Chief 1 announced the progress of the watermelon case and asked loudly in front of the media army that The Human Rights Commission has introduced 3 issues to the police officer of the police today (25 March), Pol. Maj. Gen. Jiraphat, Ph.D. That the witness has now investigated 118 mouths. There are 70 cameras, 200 files, 18 mouths, 51 pieces of witness, 92 lips, 2 accused, 3 witnesses and 13 mobile phones. As for the case of yesterday (24 March), the Human Rights Commission, Senate, came to inspect the boat that is the middle of the watermelon case. And there are 3 suggestions, which the police would like to clarify that the 3 suggestions The police have done it all. 1. Examine 18 experts and have brought the boat to experiment many times. There are relevant agencies to participate in the inspection as well. 2. About a lie Will the police bring all 5 people on the boat to sit on the plane? The inquiry official must first consult with the experts in the lie. And must analyze the testimony whether the witness will be able to enter the lie in any issue or not It's not that you can take a lie. In which the false handle is another scientific tool That is used to check the behavior and response of a person using a lie To prove various questions That must rely on the expert Which the false handle cannot be completely concluded. 3. Central boat parked in Nonthaburi Provincial Police Parked after the probation officer and related agencies All inspections have been conducted. That was kept like that to wait for the court to proceed further Or if the degree has doubts, the boat can be examined The Senate Committee ordered Notice that Invade Or obstructing the work of the police or not. As for the watermelon case At this time, it is not possible to summarize the idiom. Will have to wait for the Office of Forensic Science to submit a summary of the autopsy first Which does not know when to send back Causing the police to wait for the official results to be summarized again The police officers followed the legal procedures honestly and accelerated the work. In order to summarize the case that the victim wants to know and find the offender to prosecute
Lawyer Decha revealed that Mae Taeng is misunderstood about white skirts.Even if there is no effect on the case|Lawyer Decha revealed that the mother misunderstood himself about the white skirt that watermelon was worn on the day of the incident. Confirm, still do not know where But if not found, it will not have any effect on the case today (27 March) Mr. Decha Kittiwitthayanan, lawyer, Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or "Watermelon Nida" falls into the boat drowned. life Revealed the case of Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin The mother of the watermelon stated that he saw the rescue officer brought the white lace of the watermelon's lace from the water. From talking to Mae Watermelon Know that it is caused by the misunderstanding Because on the day of the interview with the media The mother was attacked by the media. He already asked Mother stated that Only seen on television Currently, still do not know when the skirt is missing and where. However From the inquiry, the inquiry official stated that there is currently no belongings. Don't know where But the white skirt is not about the cause of death by the police charged with negligence. Must see whether the two suspects are unaware or negligent Therefore, even if the skirt disappears, it doesn't have much effect. Along with adding that What the mother wants "Por" and "Robert" to feel and speak or make a statement telling the truth that happened on the boat. Why fall into the boat? Or not Which the details are all in the phrase But the police can't tell anyone Aside from the preliminary mother and lawyer Know that Po and Robert give the provision Divide and fight, such as accepting the boat but not careless As for various evidence Know that the police have done completely Leaving only the results from the forensic office And various experimental results analysis From experts As for the fact that "Watermelon" goes to urinate the boat, or not At this time, it has not been concluded that it is true or not. Since there is no clear evidence
"Mae Watermelon" aims to remove the case from the KMUTT. "Doctor Pornthip" stopped intervening the police.|"Mae Phanida" extended to remove the watermelon case from KMUTT. "Doctor Pornthip" stopped intervening the police, preparing to take off the "Century" from observers for 1 month for the departure of a lot of people. Show the watermelon girl-Nida Patcharaweerapong, who fell from speedboat. Sinking the Chao Phraya River In the midst of the doubts of society that are still waiting for clarity And the dharma for the actress By the process of searching for the cause Still proceeding continuously, Channel 3 reported that on March 28, 65 at 14.00 hrs. Watermelon's mother Along with the lawyer Decha Will travel to the Parliament to submit a letter to Mr. Somchai Sawangkarn, Chairman of the Commission to withdraw the watermelon case from KMUTT and ask the female doctor, Khunying Pornthip Rojanunan, a senator As the Human Rights Commission, rights, freedoms, and consumer protection of the Senate, immediately stop the police work. From observers as well Although before The coordination of Dr. Pornthip involves the case. Will be the needs of the mother by reasoning that there is confidence in Dr. Pornthip
"Po-Robert" sneaks up the police station in the morning at Muang Non Police Station to escape the journalists.|On March 28, 2018, the reporter reported that at 07.00 hrs Tri Kanchananan or Robert traveled to the police station. Muang Nonthaburi Police Station In the white ordination dress To report to the conditions Who requested to submit bail with Pol.Col. As the head of the inquiry official Muang Nonthaburi Police Station is the time 2, both of whom spent about half an hour reporting Before traveling back to practice at the Visimalai Buddhasai, Suan Phueng District, Ratchaburi Province. Removal of apologies between Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon and Mr. Winit Tri Panya or Uncle Nid Chai Ripping Boat That was misunderstood by Mr. Mongkol Kit And accused Uncle Nid, the person who found the body of the watermelon Nida floated in the river but didn't enter the help Which has an appointment to meet at the police station Muang Nonthaburi Police Station In ten o'clock in the morning
Listen to the two parties dance "Bang Pho", friend, father Nak asking for the song "Kai Ja", hit each other in the middle of the ordination ceremony.|Facebook user named raisins, two thousand machines Has posted a message "The life of the singer, musicians must be hung on the yarn Hit the belongings. Cannot find someone responsible. #Bat Convoy "with a clip taken from a mobile phone that is a picture of the event attending the assault Along with the property of the band The singer has been damaged. Until the owner of the job announced the microphone until the incident calmed down For clarity, therefore, entered the inspection area to find the true cause of Mr. Surasak, 42 years old, the older brother of the music band Which serves to supervise the stage headlights revealed that Yesterday, he was hired to play music at the ordination ceremony. Khlong Eight Lam Luk Ka area The agreement will be organized from 7:00 pm - 23.00 hrs. Playing as usual, playing fast music, alternating songs, slow songs. So I answered what he would change because the singer is singing. After that, it caused a 1 time dissatisfaction, before the story of the clip was attacked 2 times. The second time was punching into the face until the face was bruised. The blood vessels in the left eye break red before the 3rd round came into 10 people as the clip appeared. At that time he sat in the stage. At the back of the band, at the time of the incident, there were 2 younger Convoy coming to help, was attacked and injured. At the time of the incident, the band was playing fast music and the owner of the event came to ask for the song. Because he was not the person who pressed the song, which he was sitting on the fire The other sister was injured by a bottle of liquor, throwing into the cheekbones until the wound torn up to 14 needles. Traveled to report to Lam Luk Ka police station and the parties were still not attached to the responsibility. Be damaged As for the property of the band that has been damaged, the band must check again. Ms. Rak Sika, 29 years old, the singer who filmed the clip, revealed that yesterday was hired to sing at the ordination ceremony at the canal. Nine Lam Luk Ka, by singing around at 21.00 hrs. Playing 8 morning songs, then playing the song quickly, while they sing some young women, come out to dance a lot. The teenagers are full of stage. After that, the male singer came to replace himself. After singing by singing the genre of life that is a fast song, then the father Naga, who came out to dance in front of the stage, came back to ask for the song "Kai Ja". Because he was considerate of the host who was looking for, then sang not yet the end of the teenagers who danced in front of the stage to the backstage And ranting why you play music slowly After that, I didn't know what Convings had said to that teenager. Then the bottle glass hit the face. After that, she pulled the female singer to hide and filmed the clip as it appeared. Causing himself to be injured in the mouth and chest That was hit by a chair down to the table and bounced off himself After that, there was a lot of chaos. The musician side stopped playing the adult. The host came to grab the microphone to stop. Said that my work was all gone After the 3 microphones were damaged The make -up set is damaged. Tip money himself went down to pile in the lane. After he came out at the chaotic rhythm, he was wearing a singer's outfit to take a taxi back home. Because of fear, because Convoy and the singer have only a few people. There are a lot of people attending the event After the incident, he had not yet been contacted by the parties. If the parties are watching, would like to negotiate with the band owner because of many damages As well as the injured group of the group that the parties must take care of Lam Luk Ka police station, Miss Sunisa, 25 years old, relatives, the owner said that The monk didn't know that a friend asked for the song of Chicken in order to tease the monk. After asking And the singer sang about 3 pieces, so his own friend walked to ask to change the song Because the fan of the monk does not like and asks to change? The person he pressed the song, said that, I will change to wait a moment, but at that time The people in the band shouted that "What are you going to change?" The younger person who walked to ask for the song Oh, Uncle. Why did you say to me like this? I hired me. I won't pay money at all. I would like to change the song. And then walked to tell his friend And then there was a fight Because each person is drunk Because he had already lifted 3 rounds of liquor and the work started from 16.00 - 22.00 hrs. At the time of about 21.00 hrs, only one hour left and the work would quit In which, when the person who helped to be injured Being wounded by 2 people's injury. The issue that we attacked that band Not all Because of his side, there is also a fight on our side. Mr. Chaiya, 25 years old, or the injured, the band, revealed that today has come to negotiate with the parties to claim medical expenses and expenses. Lost Didn't want anything more than this Which the parties agreed to pay all the nurses In which he would bring the medical certificate and the receipt to give to the parties To request damages Which he was not fascinated Just ask for the cost of treatment until the wound heals. However, the event that day He sat behind the stage for a while, about 21.00 hrs. At that moment, playing music quickly, suddenly someone came to ask for Chicken songs, despite playing fast and late music. There was a quarrel, so he walked out to see what happened. But when he walked out, he hit the glass into the face until there was a torn wound. Which he was not involved or quarrel with anyone
Mae Pang revealed the reason to withdraw "Doctor Pornthip" is not satisfied.Lean to trust the police|Mae Pang is not happy. Dr. Pornthip intervenes the police. Fired the case near the end There is no job for the doctor to do anymore. Yan trust the work of the police (28 March 65) at the Parliament, Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin, the mother of watermelon-Nida Patcharaweerapong, along with lawyer Decha Kittiwittayanan. Traveled to submit a letter to Mr. Somchai Sawangkarn, Chairman of the Commission (KMUTT), human rights, rights, freedoms and consumer protection, Senate to request to remove the watermelon case. As well as asking to order the Bank of Thailand to stop the police work And notify to withdraw to the female doctor. Previously, on March 8, Mae Pang Watermel had given the lawyer to submit the matter. Human rights. Human rights help to monitor the said case. In order to be fair, Mrs. Phanida revealed that today came to submit a letter to the President of the Human rights. Senate to remove the process of the daughter's case. After previously asked KMUTT came to help with the case. As for the reasons to submit the matter to the said KMUTT previously Because at that time he was not prudent reading the said book, causing Krishna Sri Bunpimng beautiful lawyer The previous case was the operator with his niece. Female doctor, Lady Pornthip Currently, Mrs. Phanida revealed that she was not happy that the doctor came out for an interview and proceeded in many ways. Which he sees the actions of the female doctor, Khunying Pornthip In many issues, such as going to see the work of the police The funeral operation Including blaming the police Inappropriate. The lawyer Decha has added that the matter 1. The police committee looks like there is no Saksri. Despite the investigation Also ordered to go to the exam And some commissions have their faces Ordered to import a lie Causing the police to feel that it was the last straw. And is a matter of inserting the second story that brings the proof of the body Came out to speak in public Drops of blood, sanitary napkins, traces in the body, causing people to not understand the work of the police, society is distracted, is not all speaking, but the lawyer does not say who is the 3rd. Claiming that there was a wound on this face, the Royal Thai Police has all collected and informed the lawyer Decha. In addition, insulting the police is not enough. Going to curse the police doctor, causing confusion in the dissection. It could not be revealed. The 4th issue gave an interview that the police refused to send the body to check. Is an interview And everyone went to curse the police again today Therefore came to cancel the attorney The letter of consent of Dr. Pornthip and Mr. Tao Century does not allow the second autopsy. These 2 people are not allowed to reveal the details to the media. May damage the case in the case of why Mae Taeng then gave Dr. Pornthip. Come in to do the autopsy. Whoever proposed that Mother explained that Beginning with Krishna lawyer And is the defect of the mother himself That does not read government officials It takes a lot of time to think. Mother didn't know Dr. Pornthip. Come to know when helping with the case Mother thinks that some things are the secrets of the case when asked if this claims to protect the police rather than solving the watermelon case or not, Mae Pang Water saw that they were different, which she was satisfied with the police's work since the beginning. Complained today, 100% confident in the police, right? Mrs. Phanida confirmed that the police work already And now the police have done the case almost ending But the doctor will come to cut the second, why, which the mother is angry and does not understand when asking further what the century is a relative, why is the observation of Mae Taeng, stating that the mother does not know, but the origin is Professor Thongchai Pimchanurat President of the Church Foundation Introduce him to know and ask to be an observers to Dr. Pornthip. At the end, asked if he didn't want Dr. Pornthip to help solve it or Mae Taeng, stating that for the forensic and the doctor is over. The boat is over. And there is no job for the doctor to do anymore When asked to emphasize what he wanted to say to Dr. Pornthip, mother said that he had said all and had no matter to you. Human rights. To end the work of KMUTT. Some of you have 5 items as follows: 1.) Interfere with the police work 2.) Bring the proof of the body to reveal, which causes the public to understand the work of the police wrong. 3.) There is a forensic medical credit. 4.) Claiming the principles of forensic science Foreign goods. 5.) Accused the police.
The police brother disappeared for almost a month.Found the body left only the skeletonRelatives suspect the skill of the wife-stepson.|The police brother disappeared for almost a month. Found the body left only the skeleton in the abandoned factory Relatives suspect the skill of the wife-stepson. Murder and take the body to leave (28 March 65) Col. Songsak Sributa, Director of Phibun Mangsahan Police Station Ubon Ratchathani Province Bring the investigative officer Along with a doctor on duty at Phibun Mangsahan Hospital Inspect the incident after being informed by the villagers that there are dogs, skulls There are marks like being attacked. The skull smells foul. The villagers then walked to see the forest area, which is an abandoned factory to make old shoes. Which no one entered Behind Pho Sai Subdistrict Municipality, Village No. 2, Ban Pho Sai, Pho Sai Subdistrict, Phibun Mangsahan District, found the body of a man leaving only the skeleton and debris. Was left for a foul odor Police Lieutenant Colonel Ek Narong Tarabut, 56 years old, Deputy Investigation Inspector Ubon Ratchathani Provincial Police Come to see the body confirming that The deceased was his own brother, named Mr. Suthane, 36 years old, had disappeared from the house since the night of 5 March 2022, informed the missing person. Police Lieutenant Colonel Thirawat Heng Khun Thot Inspector (Investigation) at Warin Chamrap Police Station, Ubon Ratchathani Province, from the preliminary investigation Police Lieutenant Colonel Ek Narong Tarabut, the deceased brother, testified that the younger brother had a wife named Ms Jariya, 39, living together for 2 years before disappearing from the house at 18.20 hrs. . On March 5, before the incident, I learned that the younger brother had an argument with the stepson. Who is the son of Miss Jariya After arguing, the group of sons and Miss Jariya escaped. With a blue Honda Wave motorcycle, Blue Number, Khian Khian-710, Ubon Ratchathani, during the missing day 2-3 days. Next, I couldn't call around 10 March 2022, so I went to the house of Miss Jariya. Met with Miss Jariya's mother He said that he didn't know either. This daughter doesn't know where to go. And has not been consecutively for 2 years, which Miss Jariya left 3 children for the stepmother In which the cause of the crime is probably the group of his son, who is a child next to the ex -husband of Miss Jariya Police Lieutenant Colonel Bowonsak Khamrangsee, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Warin Chamrap Police Station revealed that the initial investigative officer Warin Chamrap Police Station Know all the offenders Prepare to request an arrest warrant Which is expected to prosecute soon
"Doctor Pornthip" posted the mother of Mae Taeng"Mat comes to remove, not smooth." Knowing who is behind|"Doctor Pornthip" ignores the watermelon, requesting to continue Watch the interview clip to Bang Or, the police to intervene. The police posted "Mat to remove the withdrawal" (28 March 65) MD. Bank) Human rights, rights, freedoms and consumer protection. Sirayutyothin Mother of Miss Phatthida Patcharaweeraphong or famous actor Issued a statement showing dissatisfaction in the work of Dr. Ying Pornthip Both the matter of the details about the body and the media interview every day that he does not want to connect the length of the stretch. Confirm that the statement of the 2 -year -old "because the resolution of the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice Announce As for the movement, cutting the two, I personally do not know whether the mother will dissect or not. But the person who went to the watermelon went to Thammasat Hospital, Mr. Decha Kittiwittayanan or lawyer Decha, President of the Lawyer Center Network After that, the Ministry of Justice and KMUTT allowed him to observe. Because at first he tried to explain that he might not have to cut If the post -mortem examination in the thorough round is in detail. "MD, Khunying Pornthip Said when asked Would like to clear with Mom Watermelon? Dr. Khun Pornthip said that he had to ask the person who wants to talk. But came out to curse through this media So what will you get to talk? Personally, not familiar with this culture. Not familiar with the culture that is cursed like this, which, if really wanting to talk, should be cleared outside from the beginning As for anyone who can say anything But everyone knows how they are. The watermelon withdrawn the petition from the Ministry of Public Health, including not wanting to interfere with the case. He therefore did not feel fascinated. Because in real life, there are a lot of strange things like this. Anyone who knows what to do Personally, I don't really want to waste time with anything that is done. "Confirmed that it was not messy. Mother Watermelon called by telling through the media. I then brought the matter into the KMUTT because I thought I had to do it in a system. And in principle, transparency must also have the mother of the watermelon But today I said that I didn't know anything. And who has been invited since the beginning of the appointment all the time, but he was not always convenient What is it? "As for the saying that I went to invade the dignity of that police officer. Educated people Having morality to speak in front of this, just answered. May the media not to meet again. Because it's not good for people like this After this, we worked according to our duties. And it's not a matter of giving up Because we have to do our best Not worried about the latest, MD, Khun Ying Pornthip Rojanasunan, Facebook, stated that "Thank you for your concern, not to understand everything that is possible. Everyone has a duty Do your best Do not disturb sediment. Do not please support Then it will pass Prepare to receive a new storm that will come in. If wanting to go out quickly The devil must be big. "And after the doctor saw the interview clip of Mae Phanida, who stated that the issue of the police The police came to speak to her mother. Mother was hit by one set. Dr. Ying Pornthip Therefore posted a message stating, "Thank you to Channel 8 reporters. That makes you know the background This is a signal in advance through the lawyer that the doctor will enter the corner. In truth, it was revealed that anyone ordered from this clip. Thai proverbs can be used. Pimsen with salt But the most thank you is to send this test. The watermelon case is just the top of the mountain. The doctor just did good, accumulating friends, waiting for the rhythm to change. Giving the mother to remove is not smooth. Therefore saw the person behind clearly Thank you again for this devil. "
Deputy Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police advises marijuana, should use the law, both the law-political science at the same time.|"Bigkho" Deputy Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police has instructed the police to use the legal way to arrest marijuana. Both political science in conjunction with the law today (29 March) Maj. Gen. Roy Ing Pairote, Deputy Commander in Chief (PP) and the director of the Royal Thai Police. The announcement of the Ministry of Public Health regarding the name of the drug, type 5, 2022, announced in the Government Gazette on 9 February 65, resulting in a result of 120 days from the date of the announcement. Which will be effective since June 9, 65, ordered to emphasize the commander and the head of drug capture sets, every unit uses discretion in the enforcement of the law to meet the intention Both the principles of political science and law of the law, as well as a meeting to give as a policy many times. By emphasizing the supervisor to understand the guidelines for the reason Before the law enforcement from June 9, which the Royal Thai Police confirmed that the law In the matter of drugs, the Office of the NACC, Ministry of Justice Is an agency at the overall control policy level Which the drug law enforcement unit Must listen to the policy to practice. In addition, the Deputy Commander in Chief also added that Have a meeting about the practice of this case, such as the NACC organized a training on New Drug Law 2021 for every NACC nationwide, 28-29 March 65 (PorChor. Organized all training. / Phor. 9 is the last part, Prof. S.T. has organized a training to provide knowledge about the new drug laws for Deputy Director of the Deputy Director and Deputy Commander in Chief of Staff / Por. 1-9, which is responsible for the drug on 25. J.64 in order to be transferred to the practitioners of their own units, including the 1st Civil Service Commission meeting on January 26, 65, ordered the supervisor to transfer knowledge. And allowing new practitioners to study new laws
Sad spouse, the owner of the shop, buying antiques, using a gun to shoot himself, died.In front of the child|The owner of the shop buying antiques used a gun to shoot his wife. Before using the same gun to shoot himself In front of the 12 -year -old son, the reporter reported that today (29 March) at 10:00 am, Pol. Was informed by Ratchathani Hospital Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya District Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province There were 2 injured, shot with firearms. Relatives brought to the hospital Before dying Therefore traveled to inspect the hospital, know the name of the deceased. The right head is left. Miss Thayawa, 34, wife of Mr. Saroj There was a wound shot in the right eyebrow. Through the left from the investigation of the relatives in the beginning, knowing that the incident occurred in the bedroom of the two husband and wife. Which is the owner of the shop to buy antiques on Rachana Road, Village No. 3, Sam Ruen Subdistrict, Bang Pa -in District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province The relatives brought the injured to the hospital. Later died, then coordinated Pol. Col. Narathip Suthon, Deputy Director of the Bang Pa -in police station, together with the police officers investigating the incident. Found that it is a large antique shop, inspected at the house which is in an antique shop Dropped blood marks were found to the bedroom on the bed, found a pile of blood and firearms. 38 fell. Instead, found 2 shells in the nest. And another 4 ammunition, the police officers kept it as evidence. Close to each other, also found 1 bed of the son of the deceased inspected in the room. Inside the house did not find signs of fighting or attacked by the investigation. Mr. Kit, 60, the uncle of the deceased, knew that while the incident occurred in front of the nephew's room and his wife, 12 years old, in the morning, saw his nephew walking out. From the bedroom Before the son of the deceased walked out of the room Ask why you wake up so fast. After that, the grandchildren walked back into the bedroom to sleep until the time passed for about 10 minutes. He heard the gunshot 2 times, so the door was locked. Later, the son of the deceased opened the door. Then cried, pointing out to see the parents Bed in bed He therefore hurried to help. Take it to Ratchathani Hospital And died. Later, the two people died, diligent work, never complaining or talking about any problems to listen to the business of buying antiques, no problems. Still do not know the cause of the decision to end this life Mr Saroj knew that he had just found a doctor to treat depression. Mr Kasem, 63, the father of Saroj said that everyone in the family was shocked by the incident. And still do not know the cause of the decision to use firearms to shoot themselves with his wife Never complaining about problems or anything to listen to Mr. Saroj and his wife love each other well. Is a cheerful person, fun, loves children, still do not know what problems they have. As for the arguments, there are not violent husbands. Or maybe there will be a personal problem for both people who do not tell anyone in the family Every employee in the shop loves these couples because they take good care of their subordinates. Just brought his wife and children back until late And came in the morning to cause a tragic side Police officer Will investigate the witnesses in the event And people close to the deceased As well as the soot examination, the guns of the two people Initially, it is assumed that the deceased Should have stress or problems within the family One story Therefore decided to use the firearm to shoot his wife first and then shot himself
Stampede throughout the districtThe young soldier made a gun threatening his wife.Make an appointment to sign a divorceLet's share the gold.|Chase after the young soldiers, draw a gun, threaten his wife in the district office After divorce and clearing the problem of property is not perfect The police closed the road before gathering with friends while fleeing reporters that today (29 March), police officers, investigations and patrol officers. Muang Ang Thong Police Station Extracting the Isuzu pickup truck, white racing, registration number 8706, Bangkok, which has 4 able -bodied men in the car after being notified by the radio center. Muang Ang Thong Police Station That one of the able -bodied men in the car, dressed in a military, causing firearms to intimidate his wife and relatives While making an appointment to divorce and negotiate property The area of the Amphum Ang Thong, after the incident, all drove away along the Pho Phraya-Pier road heading to the district, seek, but back in front of the Lo Sutthawat Temple, Talat Luang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Ang Thong Province. That will be arrested by the police By searching for the inside of the car and all the suspects, no firearms were found. Expected to be thrown away during the escape. Mr James, 26, one of the teenagers, who was shocked while arrested by the police. Said that the firearm was not in any way All come to be friends The 23 -year -old military officer, who made an appointment with Mrs. Yanisa or Orange, 27 years old, wife to register divorce. By agreeing to divide the gold when asked for an engagement of 2 baht per person, while they were signing a divorce registration letter to inquire about gold Which Nong Orange ruled said that he was at the mother to sign first Causing the military to be dissatisfied and refused to sign the name Because he thought that he was tricked into signing Therefore came out with a friend and drove out of the district before being detained by the police, while Mr. Chai Mongkhon, 25 years old, confirmed that he was picking up from Lopburi to register divorce But asked for gold to be engaged, but the woman didn't let the gold look golden, so he didn't sign With only insults, no firearms were brought in any way. After all detained, the police brought him to investigate at Muang Ang Thong Police Station And went to inspect the area of Mueang Ang Thong District Office In which many villagers came to contact the government, with Mr Tosonon, 36 years old, who saw the incident that he saw the people dressed in military uniform, walking around and frustrated And always argued with a young woman In which the man who dressed in a military uniform, always put his hand in the shirt Which he saw as a gun handle would be a magazine firearm before the last quarrel And the said man walked into the car parked behind Nong Som and the family waiting for the divorce registration in the city of Ang Thong District In shock by Nong Som told him that The reason to divorce is also due to the accumulated debt. In which he had to pay the debt to the military Phanuwat all the time Especially when he was a soldier, he never had a salary back home. Until the family himself has to keep making money all the time Until finally agreed to divorce, which the military Phanuwat would like to share the gold one night He agreed, but while signing, he asked about the gold, which he said that he was signed. But the military officer Panuwat is not happy to insult you, or before pretending to be in the shirt to draw a firearm. He then ran out to the mother before fleeing. Confirmed that he had never deceived the man Only themselves and their families that have to make money throughout The staff invited both the parties to talk at Muang Ang Thong Police Station And searching the car in detail again To find illegal things Before allowing both parties to agree to register for divorce
"Sand" shed the police, quietly, not responding to the media.Expected to confirm all the original testimony.|"Sand" sneak quietly meet the police. Not answering any questions with reporters, with reports that the person still confirmed in the original testimony today (29 March 65) at 13.40 hrs. Mr. Wisa Phatmanairat or "Sand" 1 in 5 people On the boat of the incident on the incident at "Watermelon Nida" or Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong, the speed boat fell in the middle of the Chao Phraya River until he died. Traveled to the Provincial Police Investigation Division 1 (Police Station 1) with a white van. Then halfway walking up to the building immediately Which is on the top and the investigation team to solve the watermelon case. Still do not know that traveling today Come to give a testimony or whether to report additional allegations or not. Later, at 16.10 hrs. Sans returned from the Provincial Police Investigation Division 1 after more than 3 hours when reporters tried to call and inquire with Sand Which turned to look at only one rhythm Before hurrying to get into the car immediately Without saying or answering any questions, then Sand's car drove out to the side of the fence of the Police Investigation Division 1 for about 5 minutes when reporters entered the car. The car's car immediately drove away. Making it not clear that traveling to meet the inquiry official today Come to give an additional testimony or meet the investigation officer on any issue But may not be acknowledging the allegations Because he didn't have a lawyer team to travel with Today, the sand travels with only 1 friend. However, Most recently, it was reported that today is a call for an additional interrogation. And the person still confirms the original testimony
Catch and deliver the red light.Break the nurse while crossing the crosswalkNot used to|The police arrested the driver of the delivery of the red light and almost hit the nurse, pregnant while crossing the zebra road, Chulalongkorn Hospital. The driver claims that it is not used to the route. Open to see GPS, so it doesn't notice that there is a cross. Prepare to sue the Pathumwan District Court after the case of a Facebook user named Ginhom Nakab posted a video clip of the front car camera that can record a pickup truck. Driving at the speed on Ratchadamri Road In front of Chulalongkorn Hospital The crosswalk with traffic lights for people to cross the road. And the rhythm is a red light signal for the car to stop. At the same time, a nurse found to be pregnant crossing the road at the said point. But this car is driving at speed and honk the horn before driving through the traffic lights. And drive through And almost collided with the said nurse This happened on March 26, after the incident, the police at Lumpini police brought the video clip to inspect. And CCTV in the vicinity until the car was found And called to investigate Including seizing the car that caused the incident at Last Lumpini Police Station Reporters reported that today (30 March), Police Major General Jirasan Kaewsang -ek, Deputy Commander of the Metropolitan Police, revealed that the inspection found that the driver is Mr. Wirayut and admitted that he was the driver of the said car. When the actual incident By driving from Sam Phran District Nakhon Pathom Province To bring fresh food to the school in Sathorn Sala Daeng Road and at that time were going to deliver food to Samsen 11 Road and not familiar with the route, so opened the GPS to watch on mobile phones. Without observing the said area as a crosswalk As well as being a red light signal The police then reported the allegations to Mr. Wirayut 4 charges, which are not to stop the car to cross the road, cross the way, violate or not follow the traffic lights, drive without a car license. Due to the expirational driving license from 5 November 2016, these 3 charges have a fine of 1,000 baht per charge and charged with driving regardless of safety. Or the suffering of others Which this charge must submit a lawsuit against the Pathumwan District Court
The case does not turn the wife-stepson.Confessed with the killing of the husbandLeaving the body at an abandoned factory|The police arrested two mothers and children together with their husbands. Bring the body to the forest, inform 3 heavy charges and make a plan to confess the reporter that today (30 March), investigative officers Warin Chamrap Police Station led by Pol.Col. Brought the officer to detain Ms. Jariya, 39, Mr Thitisan or UEFA, 20, the son of Miss Jariya In Lop Buri province, both of whom were accused of killing Mr. Suthane, 36 years old and then dumped the body to the forest, which is an abandoned factory to make old shoes. Behind Pho Sai Subdistrict Municipality, Village No. 2, Ban Pho Sai, Pho Sai Subdistrict, Phibun Mangsahan District The incident occurred on March 5, and Mr Leo (assumed name) aged 17 years, a stepfather. Which is a police child, 1 person is considered as a witness in the event. The officer will follow up to testify that the word is involved in the incident. Police officers reported charges "Together to kill others by premiere first Together to hide the corpse And jointly burglary at night "with the accused, Mr. Chuladej or Boat, 20 years old, Mr. Rueangsak or Lightning, 22 years old, Miss Jariya, 39 years old, the deceased wife and Mr Thitis San, 20 years old The stepson of the deceased. Later, the officers brought the 4 suspects to make a confession plan. Beginning with Miss Jariya called the deceased to meet to clear the problem at the alley beside Wat Pa Jungkin, Village No. 6, That District, Warin Chamrap, when the deceased arrived, Mr Chuladej or Boat used a wooden tree to hit the arm. The hind legs and the head of the deceased ran away and then fell. Mr UEFA, a stepson, chased after using a sharp knife prepared to stab. After that, Mr Yufa took the pickup truck at the coffin shop. That they are working Put the dead body behind the pickup truck With Miss Jariya, who is a mother Including Mr. Chuladej or Boat, take a car And then dumped the body to the forest, which is an abandoned factory to make old shoes Behind Pho Sai Subdistrict Municipality, Village No. 2, Ban Pho Sai, Pho Sai Subdistrict, Phibun Mangsahan District After that, drive back to Warin Chamrap District, then depart to escape. Col. Adithep Picha Dul, Deputy Commander of the Ubon Ratchathani Provincial Police, said that for this case, it must be appreciated by the police. Warin Chamrap Police Station Close the case quickly and give fairness to all parties. All 4 of the accused confessed today will bring the accused to point out the scene to confess. And testifying in all details Personally, the accused was complete and the other 2 people were in the event. As far as today, there are 4 people and will expand. The other 2 will be captured. From the investigation, the accused found that it is a violent action in the family. And there may be problems in drugs as well Seems to cause the problem to escalate and solve the problem with violence, resulting in this kind of case. Initially reported 4 people together to kill others first. Jointly burglary at night And jointly hide and move the body and destroy the body
The game and the child wipe the car in Khae Rai.The claim is finished, not to make money.Confirm no weapons|Children wiped the car glass by the police. After having a clip posted a famous page Revealing sorry for misunderstanding Just raise your hand to move the car because of the 5 red lights. Not moving from the case. The page wants to be famous. The Return Part 3 posters a video clip of the incident at the Khae Rai junction. When a child wipes the car glass that is parked in a red light Before walking to ask to collect the glass Between the driver is picking up The child can wipe the mirror, take dirt in the mirror. When calling back to wipe The child wiping the mirror asking if he wanted to die? Reporters reported that today (31 March) at 12.00 hrs. Rattanathi Police Station Jointly arrest Mr. Anuchit, 29 years old, the man in the clip With belongings 1 glass bottle wiping solution, wiped 1 glass, allegations of causing annoyance to others in public from the investigation that on March 30, at about 12:30 am. Natthaphon, 38 years old, has driven a red light car at Khae Rai Intersection, Bang Kraso Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province, has a group of men causing annoyance by wiping the car glass that passed by the police officers. Arrest then traveled to inspect Mr. Anuchit, 29 years old, stood in the said intersection Walking to sell steering wheels and holding equipment to wipe the glass Therefore showed himself and invited him to interrogate from the inquiry. Mr. Anuchit, 29, the child sells the steering wheel and wiping the car glass, saying that he confessed to be the person in the clip. But he didn't hurt the car driver He just asked to wipe the mirror and then saw the driver to wipe him and wipe him. When he finished, he stood to ask for money. But the driver does not allow Which he said that he would like to ask for money, he didn't let him say anything, then he saw him driving to the red light in another 5 lights, so he rode the motorcycle to tell him that the traffic jam Who saw him raised his hand because he wanted to tell him to move because the car parked for a long time Not going to hurt him, he had no weapons, probably a misunderstanding He just sells the steering wheel to help their parents make money. Because studying less, without weapons, not thinking of attacking anyone Police officers have accused Causing annoyance to others in public There is a penalty for a fine of 1,000 baht and do not wipe the car glass while on the red light in the area. Rattanathibet police station again
Know the income!The young man wiping a hot -head mirror.Oh was banned again.Ten thousand|From the case of the page wanting to be famous, it will be arranged for the Return Part 3, posted a video clip of the incident in the Khae Rai intersection. When a child wipes the car glass that is parked in a red light Before walking to ask to collect the glass Between the driver is picking up The child can wipe the mirror, take dirt in the mirror. When calling back to wipe The child wiping the mirror, asking if he wants to die? Until the police arrested Mr. Anuchit, Saikra, or the 29 -year -old ant, a garland seller and wiping the glass in the clip. Before bringing it to Rattanathibet Police Station, reported to cause annoyance to others in public areas, was adjusted to 1,000 baht before raising hands to pay respect to society and was banned by the police for a while. To sell only the steering wheel, Mr Mod said that he apologized for what he had done. Didn't intend to hurt anyone Which the event that day, if the customer does not let them wipe the mirror, tell him well He will go to find another car. Admit that he had a problem with customers who were this fruit car He used to wipe the mirror and the customer then pointed at the insults, so they argued. Today I admit it wrong and will not cause this event again. Police officers have reported charges of prosecuting them. Ready to not wipe the mirror anymore He was in trouble because the main income would be a average mirror to fall 300-400 baht per day. In total, one month received over ten thousand baht. If you can only sell the steering wheel The income will be reduced than before. Because the steering wheel can sell the maximum one day, only 160 baht. Col. Aries Nonnakwan, Director of Rattanathibet Police Station, said that the police Rattanathibet Police Station Always trying to tighten this matter and not remain calm Initially, it was understood that the sale of goods at the intersection or wiping the glass is a channel for public careers. But whenever there is trouble Or create problems The police duties will proceed in the beginning. Has enjoined in the area of Rattanathibet Police Station, not to be absolutely If found, can be found at the police station. Rattanathibet will make a history and prosecute. Including not coming into the area again Initially reporting charges Causing annoyance to others in public areas, with a fine of 1,000 baht. In terms of weapons, look at the clip, there is still no clear evidence or evidence to report additional charges.
The court ordered the 10 -year imprisonment "Montri", the leader of the security guard rape the residents.The defendant confessed to 5 years.|From the case of Mr. Montri Yai Krathok, Chief of the Security Condominium, a Thonburi side Causing the incident to knock on the door of the victim's room, 36 years old, the residents in the condo Before forced to handle the handcuffs and rape After the escape The incident occurred in the Petchkasem Police Station in the middle of the night on December 3, 2021. The latest on March 30, Mr. Sittichai Theerapornpanich, Special Prosecutor, Thonburi Criminal Division 2, has ordered to sue. In the case of the investigation officer of Petchkasem Police Station, sent an idiom with an opinion that it should be sued, Mr. Montri Yai Krathok, Chief of the Condominium, Thonburi Bang Khae area. Causing the rape of the residents in the condo in Bang Khae, Bangkok in the middle of the night on December 3, 64, with the prosecutor ordered 2 charges: 1. Rape others by using violence 2. Drug abuse category 1 (amphetamine) illegally. According to the history of Mr. Montri, he knew that he had no more than 5 years ago, Mr. Montri had caused other victims to do before. While filed a lawsuit against Mr. Sittichai, a special prosecutor, Thonburi 2 criminal case, submitted the court to punish the defendant. And asking to increase the penalty according to the law because the defendant has repeatedly committed this case, with a period of not more than 5 years, knowing that today the court made an appointment for the testimony and the defendant confessed Today, the Thonburi Criminal Court has sentenced to imprisonment for the defendant. Including increased the penalty according to the request of the prosecutor. 10 years, 10 months, 20 days, the defendant confessed to be imprisoned for 5 years, 5 months, 10 days
Two girls hugging foreignersFast hand, release gold necklaceThere is a full clip.|From the case of the page Want to be famous, will arrange the Return Part 3, post clips of events that have a foreigner being hit by transsexual women Made to hug Before releasing the gold necklace and escaped The said incident occurred in the middle of the night of March 29, the latest Frederik de Vrese, Belgium, 25 years old, the injured person reported to the Lumpini Police Station in the afternoon. Ready to give an interview that In the middle of the night of March 29, the past While he was walking with friends from Sukhumvit 13 to Soi Cowboy or Sukhumvit 21, 1 woman came to invade. It only took about 5 seconds, but at that time thought that there would be something bad. In which this woman said "Hello, baby, where are you going together?" Looks like looking for a customer. But I didn't go And pushed that woman out, then 10 minutes later he went to the bathroom To realize that the necklace has disappeared Therefore looked back at the lives that he had taken on the way Found that the woman was the person who confirmed that he had never met the woman before And personally think that this woman is a transsexual girl Due to the height similar to oneself The missing necklace is the necklace that the father gave before death. Therefore want to get back Although it is not very expensive, about 30,000 baht, but it is a father's heritage. In which they hope that this transsexual girl will still be in the country Because he tried to ask the transgender woman in the area that This transsexual girl is not Thai. But from neighboring countries Which often circulates in that area once a week Which is not sure if the news team also went to the area of the sidewalk near the mouth of Soi Sukhumvit 19 under the overpass Which has a narrow path And without CCTV Due to being under the overpass And the CCTV at the corner of the road in Soi Sukhumvit 19 turned in different directions. When inquiring about the motorcycle hire at the entrance of Soi Sukhumvit 19, told him that From the mouth of Soi Sukhumvit 19 to Sukhumvit 21, there will be a group of transsexual women gathered periodically. Many groups Each group has approximately 2-3 people. It is a group that smuggled to sell services to foreign tourists. In this amount, there will be transgender women who often cause robbery. Which will cause a dark night Causing no one to see However, the motorcycle stated that I've seen transgender women similar to With the culprit in the clip But not sure if there are tattoos Whether or not, while Pol.Col. Naruwat Phutthawiro, Deputy Director of the Investigation, Lumpini Police Station sent an investigation to the area. Follow up and arrest this transgender woman to prosecute
The National Forensic Institute announces the results of the "watermelon" results. The second round found 22 wounds confirming the teeth.|Acting at Lieutenant Thanakrit Jit Arirat, Secretary of the Ministry of Education, with Col. Songsak Raksak Sakul Director of the Forensic Science Institute, Asst. Prof. Worawi Waiwut, Deputy Director of the Institute of Forensic Science As the chairman of the forensic proof committee, Dr. Raksachai Natongchai, head of pathology Forensic Science Institute and Mr. Decha Kittiwittayanan Lawyer as a family representative Join the announcement of the 2nd draft watermelon, Nida Patcharapong, after the deceased family wanted to repeat again in order to relieve the doubts about the wounds in the body that Lieutenant Thanakrit said that the Institute of Forensic Science Has proceeded in accordance with the 11 claims that Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin has done through all the lawyers, but there are some issues regarding the 2nd proof that cannot be answered. Some are the responsibility of the police. Some stories are a matter of forensic science. The first round has been proven. Then have the directors in the 2nd round listen to various steps That is correct, complete, which this time there are many limitations Regardless of the changing corpse Including various laws For claims, including 1. Head From the first round of proven and the second round No wound was found. 2. The face of the body There was a picture of the first area in Nonthaburi province sent to the police. In which relatives can make a request to compare Which answered the question of the change of the body after death That may be caused by air, pressure. 3. The neck is wearing a necklace. There is a first picture that the necklace is waiting. Once the body passed, the body was swollen until it was observed. Can not find the neck. 4. The wound in the legs. 5. The nails have repeatedly examined whether the fight or assault. 6. The back is not found. 7. The bronchial 8. The penis has brought the secretions. Examine 9. Clothes that are worn on the day of death In the second round Not the same set that is worn Meaning not checking the body suit 10. All bone structures are not found, such as the teeth are still complete. Due to the CT scan system inspection. In the inspection, 22 wounds were found. The other details were about the police. The second round was injected. Can make something to check Some may not confirm. Resulting in a difference of 4-5 issues. The wounds, if proven to know what is caused by Not in the duties that the institute will do as a jigsaw that is taken in the picture But the image that is suspected whether the wounds are torn in the bones or not. I did not find it. But can tell whether the wound was born before or after Which has already been in the clarification report The first corpse in the brought up the white watermelon. But when immersed in the formalin, it makes the trace clearer Therefore, the torn wound is not a torn wound. As a result, today was very narrow. Col. Songsak said that we have received the matter from March 14, on the 15th meeting before the 2nd resolution under the law. Forensic Science Services 2016, which stipulates that if there is a request to inspect the 2nd round into the institute, must accept So as not to be a conflict with the first examination This time, it was completed. On March 16, set up a working group from many doctors, dissecting March 17 and took 4 days to inspect. As for the delay that happened because of having to wait for the results from the lab Which is now finished Confirmed that the 2nd round of cutting is considered useful. But there are limitations on the changing corpses Which the information is considered a secret, by the lawyer Decha has been given, so the disclosure of that information may not be all Today's operation is a request for relatives. Not an inquiry official We then sent the information to relatives. When the first opinion came out, the second time must not be the same. But to review that According to academic principles Legal procedure or not Which we have done completely, which we have done the 2nd inspection process for 20 years, straightforward and transparent. Asst. Prof. Worawee said that in the first inspection is considered to have a standard that makes answers to the question. Almost all In the second round, just stressing that the first question is or not. For the wound on the leg Still can't answer how it happened In which the police will simulate the occurrence of wounds to various objects May be a boat fan To compare with the wound As for the inspection of alcohol, it is usually dead. Because alcohol will be driven from breathing Therefore, the inspection of the body will change a little for urea, which is considered an element in the urine. If there is urine in the sanitary pad, it will be detected but cannot be detected and the said sheet is soaked in water. Urea may be washed into the lawyer Decha, saying that this document must be consulted with the police whether it will be useful to report the charges or not. Caused by intent or negligence And the result is different from the first examination? In which he had not yet found a change in significantly But have to consult with the doctor about the wound 22 points. For the inspection, it was found that the forensic police hospital is considered international standards. Everything is neat But the wound may be called new Considered useful But must look thoroughly Because the corpse is considered a witness Must see if there are signs of attack or not If there is, it must be compared to the GPS environment in order to report the charges of the intention of killing. The wound is not yet said to be caused by the intention or not. It is expected that there will be no repeated proof 3 since he was a lawyer. But this case is probably enough. The lawyer Decha said that Kornwiwan has the news that the police request the court to issue an arrest warrant for people on the boat and the court dismissed the request that it is not true. Because the police probably didn't do anything to break the face But believe that soon There may be an arrest warrant or an additional allegation. May be lifted at all Or only one person left
Business girl singing lawyerHusband, ex -heroineDeceived selling 7.1 million watches but not|Business woman singing a famous lawyer After being hit by a famous heroine Deceived to sell 7.1 million watches, but not of reporters reported that yesterday (31 March) at 17.00 hrs. At the Volunteer Office of Sao Thong Hin Subdistrict, Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province Miss Pimchanana or A (reserved surname) traveled to ask for fairness from Mr. Kiatkun Ton Yang or Lawyer Poong, President of the Volunteer Lawyer Club, he ordered a luxury watch brand Richard Mille RM 07-01, worth 7,100,000 baht from Mr. Oat (named the hypothetical, the high-class husband of the famous young female protagonist in the 90's wife. Oh, has been a close friend with him for almost 3 years. Mr Ot's wife introduced her husband at the New Year's party on December 25, with a plan to invite abroad. Together, then on January 4, Mr Oat began to befriend and contacted him. Mr Oat proposed to sell the 5712 Patek watch to himself, but he saw that it was a male watch, which he didn't like, so asked Would like to have a Richard Mille Watch, model 07-01 instead, which the former husband Oat, the famous heroine, promised that there was a watch And offering a price of 7.8 million baht. He said that it was too expensive, so negotiated 7.1 million and agreed to trade. Later, Mr Oat said that the watch will reach Thailand. To transfer the deposit to him and give the account number Mr. Oat and himself. So he transferred the deposit on January 10, 7 hundred thousand baht. He said that the watches have arrived in Thailand. But now still detained To gradually transfer the rest, then they transfer it again for the second time. On January 18, the amount is 1 million baht and then transferred again on January 19, transferred to another 1 million 9 hundred thousand. The baht later transferred again on January 20, 1 million, 9 hundred thousand baht. He said that the rest of the rest can be added. Because the person who detained Almost met, then he made an appointment with him about Tuesday or Wednesday. Will go to pick up the clock Which at that time was on January 27, so he transferred another 1 million 6 hundred thousand baht after that day did not bring the clock to him Said that the person who would bring the clock to us, he took that watch to sell to others We will take the clock in Switzerland. He told himself like this and fit the family and the family of Mr. Oat. We have a plan to travel abroad together. Is France and Switzerland Mr Oat said to go to get a new watch in Switzerland. When he arrived in Switzerland with France He didn't have a watch. But he took a picture that was in the watch shop And said that he would bring the clock at the same time. On February 25, at that time in Paris In the evening he disappeared. Lacking contact with him We therefore contacted his wife. And his wife said that Mr Oat promised to clear So he said that if the watch didn't ask for a refund He said that he would refund and promise to return. Keep turns Until today, there is still no money back. He therefore reported to prosecute at Pathumwan Police Station. Mr Oat, the former heroine, could not contact at all. Call to not answer the call, send a message to chat, do not answer since February 25 onwards He just asked for a refund that he believed because he was a political official. He later learned that there was a letter of resignation from the year 2021 and working with the government and commanders. Know politicians Adult civil servants Working in 904 volunteer volunteers and is the owner of a famous factory business. Now he wants the police to prosecute in the event that he does not refund him. He wants the lawyer to help see the law that can now be prosecuted. Right now, he feels sorry that the husband's husband can do this with his wife's friend. And his wife has lacked contact with us for many days Send a chat message and not reply while Mr Kiatkun or lawyer said that the initial examination after the fact that someone had deceived the victim That there are luxury watches for sale at a secondhand price The victims believe in the price at the price of 7,100,000 baht. The money has been transferred several times. After transferring money Came to know later that he had no watches for the victim And have a fraudulent behavior. There is no item. At first, when the victim was deceived, he reported the prosecution But afraid that he would not be fair Because the person who deceived is a political civil servant Get to know the elders, have good profiles, so come to help inspect And take care of the case for the latest The inquiry official called him to meet. But he did not send this lawyer to clarify because it was the right of the accused. Will meet the inquiry official or not If there is a reason The inquiry official was allowed. But in the next time, must come. If not, then the arrest warrant will not be concerned about the inquiry official. Because the evidence is clear Both the transfer of money and the information that pretends to have a luxury watch but not This one is not worried. Just that the time of the prosecution may be delayed. However, the offender must already receive criminal penalties.
4 real police!Carrying a 400,000 victim of the cyber.|In the case of a 400,000 victim of the victim, 2 police officers accepted as a police officer in the jurisdiction. If really wrong, from the case of a young woman coming to ask for legal advice to Mr. Sitra premium or lawyer Tum, after playing online gambling websites, almost 2 million money. Is a cyber police I would like to search for her, husband and child. 11 years old, threatening until allowing 400,000 baht to give money. Reporters reported that yesterday (31 March), Pol. Maj. Gen. Kornchai Khlai, the commander of the police investigated the technology crime. Able to follow the police that appear in the clip deduction of gambling debts, the victims of the victims are already a sensation in society, all 4 of them are real police, with 2 people under the 2 Technological Investigation Headquarters under the Metropolitan Police Headquarters. All of which deny that it is not related to this matter. Set up a fact -finding committee. Tomorrow at 10:00 am will invite the victims to come to identify. At the Police Headquarters for Investigation of Technology Crime (Bor.Chor.) If the police found that the injured person stated that it was a person who actually caused the crime. Will enter the inspection process according to the regulations of the Royal Thai Police And if found to be guilty Must leave from government service As well as to bring discipline and criminal to the end
"Genius" carrying evidence to invade the sheriff to report "sand" to falsely|"Genius" carrying evidence to report "sand" charged with falsely claiming "Watermelon", holding the legs and the speed of the boat until death today (1 April) at the Crime Suppression Division. Rueang Rattanaphong President of the Crime Victim Club Bring important evidence to report the prosecution to Sand 1 in 5 people on the speedboat. Charged with falsely to the official The case of the actress "Watermelon", Miss Phatthida Patcharaweerapong, who claimed that the watermelon took the leg and fell into the boat, said that today said that today he traveled to report the allegations of "sand" 1 on the boat on charges of Give false testimony to the official With important evidence such as still images, sketching, watermelon ships And video clips from a CCTV of a private company Which appears that the sandy melon is not on the back of the boat at 22.32-22.36 hrs. As the sand claims that the watermelon holds the legs and falls into the boat for the evidence clip Taken from Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon MPs list The leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party And brought to experts to analyze according to light and shadow Which the conclusion appears that The sand was not found at that time for the reason that the said evidence was not submitted to the Provincial Police Investigation Division 1 due to being denied. Because the police already have a video clip Including the previous that did not reveal the evidence Due to being called the police part 1, calling and requesting not to interfere with the said case By specifying that 2 arrest warrants will be issued and what will be taken? He believed that the case had something disliked. In which this case is a criminal land He therefore traveled to report the prosecution to the sand. On charges of falsehood to the official
Former security guards running for pregnant doctors for 8 months.|Former security guards running, the doctor is pregnant for 8 months. The incident occurred in the middle of the hospital in the area of Sathorn. Reporters reported that today (1 April) Pol. Col. Jirawat Chotawanwat, Sor. (Investigation), Thungmahamek Police Station Notified of the criminal caused a run of the handbag within the passenger elevator Famous hospital, Convent Road, Thungmahamek Subdistrict, Sathorn District, Bangkok, on March 31, at approximately 17.50 hrs. Ordered the prevention and investigation department Thungmahamek Police Station Went to inspect the area from the inspection of the victims of Ms. Chanthaporn, 36 years old, the doctor of the hospital, who was 8 months pregnant, was slightly injured in the face and knees. In which the criminal is a Thai man Unknown name, surname, wearing a long -sleeved jeans, sneakers wearing a full hat, driving license, Honda Wave, red, black, not attached to the license plate, 1 handbag. 1 iPhone, cash, approximately 3,000 baht, ID card And credit card Siam Commercial Bank, Kasikorn Thai Krungthai, checking the CCTV images in the area of the criminal, driving a motorcycle, does not attach the license plate. Came to park on the B1 floor of the hospital. After that, when the victim walked up the elevator The accused followed up on the 4th floor and the victim was about to walk out of the elevator. The villain snatched the victim's bag. The victim tries to scramble. Causing the victim to be injured until the face hit the elevator After that, the criminal took off his long pants and sneakers. And drive a motorcycle to escape. However, the investigation department of Thungmahamek Police Station Have inspected the said villain Until knowing that the culprit is probably a former security guard in the said area Between the inquiry official Thungmahamek Police Station Requesting approval of the court issued the said arrest warrant To follow and arrest the criminal
Already!Prepare to ask for an arrest5 people in the boat, throwing the "watermelon" to pee|Issued an arrest warrant for the people on the boat. Swept the watermelon's offense, claiming to walk to pee at the back of the boat itself, the progress of the death of a mysterious death of the actor, actor, watermelon, Phatthida or Nida Patcharaweerapong, who falls down the speedboat. Before sinking the Chao Phraya River later died. The progress in the said case After the police Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Report the allegations to Mr. Naphat Lertthaweewit or Po and Mr. Paiboon Tri Kanchananan or two Robert, a speed boat driver on charges of negligence, causing death to others today (1 April), reporters Report that Police officers are collecting evidence and documents again. After previously brought the evidence to request an arrest warrant for those involved in the case of the death of a watermelon actress Nida, who was a mastermind for the 5 people on the boat, testified to the police that the watermelon Nida fell into a speed boat. Because walking to pee at the back of the boat itself In order to brush the offense as a cause of the act of the actress himself Not caused by the previous boat The police officers involved in this case have tried to bring the evidence. Applying for an arrest warrant from the Nonthaburi Provincial Court to arrest this dictator But the court considered that the evidence that the police have applied for the arrest warrant Not enough weight Therefore ordered to gather evidence that is more weighty back, making it expected that within the next week The police will issue an arrest warrant for the 3rd person in this case.
Continue!Special Special Set"Red Tiger Lottery", finding a lottery for sale|Pol.Lt.Gen. Prachuap Wongsuk, Assistant Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police Search online lottery Wade to solve the problem of selling government lottery tickets over the price. Aim to resolve the suffering and return happiness to the people today (1 April). Pol. Maj. Gen. Prachuap Wongsuk, Assistant Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, as the vice president of the Special Working Group, inspecting government lottery traders. Selling or selling government lotteries at a price exceeding the specified price, revealed that from the current case People face problems from offering to sell or sell government lotteries at a price exceeding the government lottery. Gen. Prayut Chan -ocha, Prime Minister and Minister of Defense and Deputy Prime Minister Pravit Wongsuwan Has appointed a committee to solve the problem of those who have suffered from the sale of government lottery sales at a price exceeding To build confidence for the people And solve the problem efficiently and concrete, with Mr. Seksakol Attawong, Assistant Minister of the Minister Is the chairman of the specialized working group to inspect the government lottery traders, offering to sell or sell government lottery for more than the government lottery. And assigned Pol.Lt.Gen. Prachuap Wongsuk, Assistant Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, as the Vice President of the working group To enforce the law and coordinate the practice with relevant agencies Proceed in accordance with the said policy in this regard. Pol.Lt.Gen. As the head of the operation Conducting inspection and suppression In the case of the sale of the government lottery At the price beyond the specified By ordering Pol.Lt.Gen. Nithi Thornchindanon, Deputy Commander in Chief, Maj. Gen. Suwat Saeng -soft, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission And Por. 1 - 9 and the Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission/Task Force Sonthi and investigative sets nationwide Go to the area to inspect the distribution of government lottery to the person who has been allocated the quota at the target post office. Which is registered by the rights to receive 95 lottery places nationwide And go to the area to inspect the government lottery stalls nationwide As well as conducting investigations Inspect the target of middlemen who have behavior in offering or selling government lotteries at a price exceeded. Pol. Maj. Gen. Prachuap Added that From the preliminary investigation, knowing that There is an application and website of the Red Tiger Lottery, which is believed to be operated by the Red Tiger Online Lottery Company Limited, operating by bringing the government lottery into the computer system into the computer system. And is open to the sub -dealer representatives Both those who already have a quota to drag and bring the lottery to scan into the system. And those who do not have a quota to buy the lottery to sell to customers When pressing to buy the lottery The system will bring to the storefront of the agent. Which will be offered to sell the lottery over the price By starting at 100 baht per piece, which has been sold in that system There will be a lottery barrel. Making it impossible to check whether it is a real government lottery or not As well as the form of selling the said government lottery Not a direct retail distribution to the public Therefore does not meet the conditions for selling lotteries Causing the lottery price to be higher than specified Causing trouble to the people. Today, there is a search according to the search warrant of the Nonthaburi Provincial Court, dated 1 April 2022 at the Red Lottery Lottery Company Limited, No. 1, Bin Nam Road, Tha Sai Subdistrict, Mueang Nonthaburi District. Nonthaburi Province by this search Operation officer Enter the government lottery inspection that has been stored in the office. Whether it is the real government lottery or not Is it in the quota of the allocation for small traders? And belonging to any quota And check the government lottery that is scanned in the database Whether there is a lottery to sell over the price or not Does the lottery have a real government lottery as well? As well as the same lottery to sell repeatedly or not In order to prove further offenses under the law Pol.Lt.Gen. Prachuap Said that The price of government dominance in the market is currently continuously increasing. In this section, it has caused trouble for the people who have to buy government lottery tickets that are overpriced. Which in accordance with the policy of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense Want to fix the suffering of the people to happen quickly Which today has inspected the target of the middleman who has the circumstance of the lottery over the price Detected tens of thousands of government lottery tickets Which is presented on the website and application of the Red Tiger Lottery At the original price of 100 baht, which is more than the law From the preliminary examination, there are millions of money circulating in the said system. If it is found that the quota allocation is involved in the platform, the quota must be revoked. Therefore requesting public relations And requesting cooperation for those who have allocated quota And those who sell government lotteries over the price To preserve one's rights By proceeding in accordance with the conditions made with the Government Lottery Office Because if breaking the conditions The Government Lottery Office will immediately disqualify the quota rights. In order not to intervene the price mechanism And affect the people
Not survived!Collected and the former security guard snatched the pregnant doctor for 8 months until the face of the blood folded|At 13.30 hrs. Today (1 April 65) at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters (Bor.Chor.), Pol.Lt.Gen. Thungmahamek Police Station Announcing the arrest of Mr. Sutthipong or Oatsuk Kampang, 28, the accused, caused the crime in a hospital, along with 1 green iPhone mobile phone brand, a shoulder bag with a wallet. Identification card, credit card and property of the victim The outfit that the criminal used during the incident and removed to escape, consisting of a black robe. Blue long jeans Black sneakers As for the outfit that the criminal wears during the incident Green T -shirt Blue shorts And Honda brand motorcycle, Wave 110, red-gray, body number Mlhja1403n5216885 Not attached to the license plate With a full black and white safety helmet Arrested at the rental room, there is no number at Soi Taksin 21, Thonburi, Bangkok, due to 31 March at approximately 17.50 hrs. Drive a car to park at the B1 parking lot of a hospital in Sathorn Road. Relying on the rhythm alone with the victim Snatting the shoulder bag The victim tried to scramble. Is the same rhythm that the elevator door opens The accused used the force to allow the victim to leave the lift. When the elevator door is closed The accused took off the robe. Long -sleeved jeans And sneakers To be convenient to escape, then around 17.42 hrs. The criminal returned to the motorcycle. Drive away from the hospital Police officers inspected CCTV along the escape route of the criminal. Found that the criminal after the incident Had driven a motorcycle to escape to the accommodation The police then gathered evidence and asked the court to issue an arrest warrant for the accused. Which can be arrested at the rental room. There is no number at Soi Taksin 21, Thonburi, Bangkok. That it was actually the said culprit And led the police to search the accused's room Found mobile phones, iPhone brands of the accused Clothes that are worn while causing the incident motorcycle And helmet Later, the accused took the police to inspect the belongings. The interior shoulder bag has women's wallets and the injured documents. After the incident, the accused was left in the trash. In front of the accommodation The police then reported the allegations of robbery. Causing others to be harmful to the body or mind By using vehicles And drug abuse type 1 (Methamphetamine) illegally The accused used to work as a security guard or security guard of the hospital around 2017, then went to work as a security personnel. And most recently, a security guard in Bang Bon area left the job on March 20, 65. The accused acknowledged the incident in order to raise money to use drugs.
Come early!"Po-Robert" reported to the 3rd police, still quietly closed.|"Por-Robert" reported to the police for the 3rd time. Both of them were quiet, not giving any interviews today (2 April) at approximately 08.00 hrs at Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, Muang District. Nonthaburi, the reporter reported that Mr Nuphat Lertthaweewit, or "Por", the accused was negligent, causing others to live in a watermelon case, wearing a white shirt, wearing a hat. Traveled with a lawyer To report to the conditions with the inquiry official Muang Nonthaburi Police Station for the 3rd time, with a quiet mouth, not interviewing the media in any way. At approximately 09.00 hrs Before coming down from the car Wearing a white shirt, wearing a black hat Hurriedly walked away from the army of reporters Did not interview with the media as well Then went to see the inquiry official to report the preliminary. It is unclear whether both of them will be charged with additional news spread heavily in the past few days or not.
Minutes!"Pol.Col." Join the gang to carry money.Outcry while being detained to the court (clip)|Minutes! "Pol.Col." Join the gang to carry money. Outcry while being detained, the court shouted to the duty of the reporter reporting the progress. In the case of able -bodied men Claiming to be a cyber police Invaded the victim and the family threatened to iron 4 hundred thousand baht and 1 Buddha statue due to gambling from online gambling websites And received almost 2 million baht. Most recently, the police officer, Pol.Col. One of the accused, he surrendered at Bang Na Police Station. To damage freedom And extortion Before delivering to the court Pol.Lt.Gen. Triarong Duenphan, Deputy Commander of the Metropolitan Police (Deputy Commander in Chief), revealed that all the investigative teams were called. To meet the progress of the case After yesterday searched the house By seizing the Toyota brand The black Founner, which is a car that appears in the CCTV. As for the initial circumstances, the interrogation was in the process of being a true offense or not. The details are still in the idiom, unable to reveal after the interrogation. The officers detained the Phra Khanong Shrine. To proceed according to the law But during that time, during the chaos, because the said Pol. But went to perform duties according to the command of the supervisor Before being detained by the officer from the said point of inquiry, the Metropolitan Police was informed that the need to control the police to the court was caused by the order of the examination staff to bring to the Phra Khanong Shrine. Pol.Lt.Col. So do not have the right to travel by himself. If released by yourself, it may go during the court to close. Causing the court to not be considered in time Will have to be temporarily released, may cause Pol. Maj. In which everything follows the legal procedures
urgent!"Por-Robert" meets the police, notifying 2 charges "to make false-destroy evidence"|urgent! The police reported additional charges. "Por-Robert" gave false testimony and destroyed the evidence today (2 April) at 12.00 hrs. After Po-Robert traveled to report to the 3rd time, ready to give additional testimony to Latest investigation officer Col. Chaturon Conservation of graduates The director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station has 2 additional allegations: false to the official. And destroy the evidence Col. Chaturon Gave an interview to reporters that Today, calling Mr. Por and Robert, 2 stories, the first story, according to the appointment of the bail conditions. With the next appointment will be next Saturday By moving the period to 7 days because both of them have already worn And nearby without escape behavior As for the second issue, today there are 2 additional charges with both people: 1. Gynecing to the official 2. Destroying evidence
Sad!Father shot his son-terrible.Before shooting himselfIn the middle of the school that brought to grade 1|Sad! Turn off 2 bodies. Father grabbed the gun, shot the child-a terrible wife. Before shooting himself While bringing the child to wait to bake into grade 1 at the famous school in the middle of Chon Buri today (2 April), Col. Nithat Ring decorated with the police station in Muang Chon Buri Notified of the shooting of 2 bodies in front of the food court Inside a famous school in the area of Ban Suan Subdistrict, Mueang District, Chon Buri Province, where a 50 -year -old man was shot by a bullet, was shot in his head and died, and a 12 -year -old son was shot in his head and died near each other. In addition, the 49 -year -old woman was found, the wife of a 50 -year -old man and a mother of a 12 -year -old child. Seriously shot into the body and arms to send to Chon Buri Hospital. Meet the 9 mm firearm, Six Sauce brand. And women's handbags Therefore kept as evidence According to the investigation, before the incident, today was the day that the school was appointed to give a grade 1 student who passed the selection examination at 08.00 hrs. The husband drove the car. And then had a violent argument with the mother of the child Before the man used a 9 mm firearm to shoot the body and arm of the woman, then turned the gun to shoot a 12 -year -old son, the head died. Then use the same firearm to shoot at the right temples At this time, the police are finding the cause of murder and motivation that leads to killing. And is following the relatives to investigate to find the true cause again
urgent!The court approved the arrest warrant for "Sandwisa Patch" charged with negligence, causing "watermelon" to death.|"Sandwisa Patch" was issued an arrest warrant. On charges of "negligence And that action caused others to die "from the" Watermelon "case falling down the speed boat until died in the middle of the Chao Phraya River today (2 April). inquiry official Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Collect evidence Submit a petition to the Nonthaburi Provincial Court. Considering the arrest warrant for Mr. Wisa Patch Manomairat or "Sand", 35 years old, 1 of the 5 people on the speed boat until Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or Watermelon Nida, actor girl Falling a speed boat died The incident occurred on 24 February. It was reported that the Nonthaburi Provincial Court Consider the petition of the inquiry official. Therefore approved the arrest warrant 162/2012 dated 2 April 2022 to arrest Mr. Wisa Patcha In the allegations "Acting carelessly And that action causes others to die. "The source revealed that Investigation set, gather evidence Including giving words as a witness of Mr Wisa Patch From the day of the incident until before the investigating officer filed a petition to the court Which the circumstances of the case of Mr. Wisa Patcha Is an offense under the Criminal Code Therefore submitted a petition to the court to consider until the arrest warrant was approved. While the past, the director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Just revealed that Today, there are additional charges with Mr. Por and Mr. Robert.
"Por-Robert" does not say a word after being chargedRan away from the reporter out of the back door|After the last morning, Col. Chaturon Conservation of graduates The director of Muang Nonthaburi police station has 2 additional allegations with Por Tanuphat Lertthaweewit and Robert Paiboon Tri Kanchananan on charges of falsehood to the official. And destroy evidence In the case of the death of the watermelon Nida Patcharaweerapong, the latest progress at 13.30 hrs. At Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, Muang District, Nonthaburi Province, after Po-Robert reported to the 3rd time with the inquiry official. Muang Nonthaburi Police Station According to bail conditions In which additional interrogation took more than 5 hours after interrogation Police officers reported both additional charges on charges of falsehood to the official. And charges of destroying evidence, reporters tried to ask Mr. Por and Robert In the case of additional charges, but both of them refuse to open their mouths to the media. Before rushing to escape the media Exit the back door, hide in the car, quickly drive away
Revealed that the husband shot the wife of the famous school in the middle of the school.Good son, gold medal|From the event of a tragic incident Father decided to shoot his wife and son. In famous schools in Chonburi province While his wife brought his son to surrender The culprit was by Mr. Anucha, aged 50, using a 9 mm firearm, shooting a 49 -year -old wife into the abdomen, 2 shots were seriously injured. And shot his 12 -year -old son into the forehead After that, use the same gun to aim at the left and shoot themselves. Died immediately On the morning of April 2, the latest progress Reporters followed the progress of the family's home. Found that the house closed the door quietly The neighbors who live together in the house of the deceased say The husband and wife and his son lived in this house. Normally, the said house will close silence. The 12 -year -old son usually came out to play together. The area around the house Looks like a good -natured child, speaks beautifully and handsome as well. When he heard the news that his father shot the boy died, he was very sad because he saw that he was a good boy. As for the cause, it is expected that in the latter Hearing the quarrels often and violent I didn't think that a serious event would occur. Because the family seems to have no problem Most of them will keep quiet, the boy's friends say that they are good and come out to play regularly. Both riding a bicycle and kicking the ball last week, didn't come out to play together. Until he knew that he had died. From the investigation, it was found that the boy who was shot by his father Have won the Gold Medal of Mathematics, Por. 1-Primary 3, Academic and Technology Arts and Technology Competition Of the student of the academic year 2018 of the famous school in the province, inspected to Samet Police Station, found that on March 11 at 08.40 hrs. Corner Thong. (Investigation) Samet Police Station That was attacked by her husband By using a cutter knife to wound about 10 centimeters long, 2 centimeters deep in order to report the complaint to the husband.
Gather!Two -haired girl in the clipHugging tourists and releasing the gold necklace|Collecting transsexual women in the clip Hugging tourists and releasing the gold necklace The history examination was found in many cases, 2 April 2562, Pol.Lt.Gen. Naruwat Phutthawiro, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Lumpini, led the arrest of Mr. Manatanan, 30 years old. Arrest warrant for the "burglary at night" by arresting in the room In the area of Soi Suksawat 66, Lad Luang Subdistrict, Pra Pradaeng District Samut Prakan Province, due to the news of Mr Frederik de Vrese (Fredderick de Ves) Being a transgender girl Made to hug Before releasing the gold necklace and escaped The said incident occurred in the middle of the night of March 29. After the incident, the injured person reported to the investigation officer of Lumpini Police Station. To follow up and arrest Which has a video clip recorded as evidence after the officers were informed of the investigation department, Lumpini Police Station reported the cause By Pol.Lt.Gen. Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief, ordered to follow up and arrest the offender quickly. Due to the said incident affecting the image of the country from checking the CCTV, the Smart Safety Zone 4.0 project, which is the project of the Royal Thai Police. Found that the culprit Wearing a single strap skirt After the incident, the taxi passengers to Soi Suksawat 66, then investigated until they were able to arrest the accused. Bring the gold necklace that has been sold to the shop to buy a gold necklace within Soi Charoen Nakhon, 28, with the money of 26,000 baht because there is currently no work. No income for daily life Also attached to slots gambling However, this suspect had to find in various criminal cases. Many cases, such as charges of contact, persuade, persuade, introduce, follow, or vigilant on the road or public places or elsewhere. For prostitution, which is revealed and shameful or annoyed to the public at Pattaya Police Station in 2013, the burglary in the Pattaya police station in 2015 and the charges of harming. The body in the area of Lumpini Police Station in the year 2022, initially reported the charges and led to the southern Bangkok Criminal Court. Follow the next step
Issue an arrest warrantThe police gang rolled 4 hundred thousand Deputy Commander in Chief.|Issuing an arrest warrant for 5 cases. The police gang rolled 400,000. Deputy Commander in Chief confirmed that there was no help. Despite being a police officer, 2 April 2022 at Bang Na Police Station, Pol.Lt.Gen. Triarong Phanphan, Deputy Commander of the Metropolitan Police (Deputy Commander in Chief), after Pol. From online gamblers Traveled to meet the inquiry official The inquiry official interrogated and reported 3 charges as follows: 1. Together extortion 2. Together, detention And 3. jointly damage the freedom After that, he asked to ask for the power of the court. In which the court approved to deposit In addition, the inquiry official gathered the evidence of the court to issue an arrest warrant for 5 additional relevant cases on the same charge. Which will follow and arrest. Maj. Gen. Triarong continued that the accused who came to surrender today is Pol. Maj. Kom is a police officer. The arrest warrant was issued. Is a police officer under the NCC. 1, a former 1 police officer, 3 civilians. However, all 6 suspects were proven and in the process of investigating. In order to find other offenders According to the preliminary examination of the police, Bang Na Police Station and the Police Department of the Metropolitan Investigation Division 5, it was found that there were 10 people involved. Today, the police tried to contact the accused for the accused to investigate more, which was not yet contacted. Therefore coordinated with the lawyer of the premium and relatives to help follow up the accused. As for the testimony of Pol. Maj. Claiming to be a duty Is the testimony of the accused Which must continue to gather evidence. "May the victims feel comfortable. Because the police officers who threatened Has been informed of the allegations of 1 person, the rest has been issued an arrest warrant as well Which will proceed with all cases And please be confident in the police work If anyone threatens, causing unsafe, please inform. We are ready to provide full coverage in accordance with the relevant regulations and laws. "Maj. Gen. Triarong Said in the case that the victim has not yet testified Will it be an obstacle to the prosecution? Maj. Gen. Triarong said that the police can proceed at one point. But when there is a doubt that I would like to ask more It is necessary to inquire from some victims on some issues. From the testimony on March 25 and the police work Was able to prove a number of offenders However, the police have already operated a lot. If still not confident, directly coordinated that the police trusted Or will coordinate directly that I can Confirm that we work hard, please be confident in the police work. The other 2 police officers that do not have the name of that name Pol.Lt.Gen. Triarong said that he had been interrogated. 1 confirmed and claimed that the location was not joining. Only used to be a former subordinate of Pol. Maj. When he was still in the civil service at the Royal Thai Army Meaning before going to serve at the NCPO Used to be at the Metropolitan Police Investigation Division 3, with both police officers who appeared in the list But didn't sign Is a subordinate Therefore was put in the name without the person who did not participate in this operation, with 1 person who called to interrogate the residence, and the other 1 supervisor confirmed that he was ill-2019 Which is not here If the retention of the treatment of symptoms-19 And then called to interrogate later. Maj. Gen. Triarong said that he would inspect the agency of the two police accused, what is his duty? As for the other cases of the accused, it is under investigation whether all the accused, who appears to have any old case or not when asked about the case in 2013 about the van in Bang Bua Thong area. That appears named Pol. Became one of the accused in the case Pol.Lt.Gen. Triarong said that the investigative officers have examined what it was. As for the search yesterday, seized the car that was seen on the day of the incident and seized computer equipment within the office. Por. Of Pol. Col. Kom, CCTV equipment Initially, knowing that the CCTV has been deleted in the memory. Sent to the probation division National Police Agency In order to check whether to recover the file or not. Maj. Gen. Triarong said that the public is confident in the work of the police. Because since the accused reported on March 25 Bang Na Police Station And the police officer of the Metropolitan Investigation 5 and gather evidence until the arrest warrant can be issued 5 people and report 1 charge, a total of 6 cases. Although 1 police officer was charged Another arrest warrant was issued. Which people can see that We work seriously. No help of the offender Although the offender is a police officer It must be said in accordance with the law and facts. As for online gambling websites in this case, Maj. Gen. Triarong said that initially knew the name of the said website. The latest inspection found that the website has closed the website. The relevant police are under investigation. As for the police involved in this case, both of them will do the matter to the supervisor. Which the Commander in Chief Has already given an interview that the committee has set up the facts, and today has ordered the director of the Bang Na Police Station to do the matter to the Commander in Chief 2 and the Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army 5 officially. In order to proceed with discipline in accordance with the regulations
Revealing the cause of "sand" being arrested, negligently watched "Thermos-Job" will be hit or witness.|After the inquiry official Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Collect evidence Submit a petition to the Nonthaburi Provincial Court. Considering the arrest warrant for Mr. Wisa Patch Manomairat or Sandy, 35 years old, 1 of the 5 people on the speed boat until Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or Watermelon Nida, actress, actress Falling a speed boat died The incident occurred on 24 February. It was reported that the Nonthaburi Provincial Court Consider the petition of the inquiry official. Therefore approved the arrest warrant 162/2012 dated 2 April 2022 to arrest Mr. Wisa Patcha In the allegations "Acting carelessly And that action caused others to die. "The latest on the Facebook of Sorayut Suthasanachinda has revealed the said case. By referring to the words of the lawyer Decha Kittiwittayanan Lawyer of Mae Taeng Water By stating that the court approved an arrest warrant for Sandwispach on charges of negligence, causing death to others Because there is enough tight evidence But what kind of negligence Lawyer Dejare says that He would not answer in detail. Because it will affect the case But in terms of principles during the incident, the sandy melon is directly. With a mobile phone Do not take care of the safety of watermelon To the point of death. Mr Decha said that the people on the boat are now only a bottle with Job, who has not yet been accused. Which depends on whether both of them will give you the benefit of the case Meaning to speak all the truth or not If speaking the truth, there is a chance to be a witness. But if you can't speak all Was able to change the status to the accused. Mr Decha said that what is genius Rueang Rattanaphong Came out to speak and filed at the Crime Suppression Division that the sand was not sitting at the back of the boat Does not match the reality that is in the case in any way. Muang Nonthaburi Police Station After the court approved an arrest warrant for Sandy or Mr. Wisa Patchamanomairat on charges of negligence, causing death to others. Until now, the media still settle down whether the sand will come to meet the investigating officers to acknowledge the allegations or not. Col. Chaturon Conservation, graduate, director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, said that after the court approved an arrest warrant The accused must come to acknowledge the allegations at Muang Nonthaburi Police Station But now is still in the process of coordinating when to come in Initially expected to be tomorrow (3 Apr)
The sin robber caused the incident early.Sneak out money, make merit, make merit, create crematoriums (clips)|The sin robber caused the incident early. Sneaked the money to make merit, make merit, create crematorium, April 2, 2022, reporters received complaints. From a Facebook user Know the name of Miss Thanomwan, 30 years old after 05.17 hrs. Which decorated with robes, which is located in a la carte restaurant in Soi Itsarap Soi 33, Wat Tha Phra, Bangkok Yai District, Bangkok The said money is prepared to make merit and unity of Wat Tha Sue, Rai Khing Subdistrict, Sam Phran District, Nakhon Pathom Province. Which the family of Miss Thanomwan Joined the host to make merit, create crematorium, when checking the CCTV, can clearly record the said offender And found that the banknote is 100 baht per item, about 7-8 leaves, after going to the journal at Bangkok Yai Police Station Initially, the police officers informed that they would send the patrol to inspect. And asked the people who participated in making merit to report more Because it is considered a mourner As for the host family, he was a mourner. Because the criminal came to steal money from the robes, which was placed in their shop And he hoped that When he cried the media The criminal will see from the news. And would be repent or repent that what he had done was sin
Seize "Ice-Heroine" worth 500 million.|Customs search for containers Meet the ice-heroin worth 500 million in an oil without oil. Prepare to be delivered outside April 2, 2022 at the X-ray center and customs technology. Bangkok Customs Office, Mr. Phachara Anantasilp, Director -General of the Customs Department, together with the Office of the Drug Control Board Drug Suppression Bureau Security Center Thai Army and Port Authority Headquarters Jointly announced the seizure of drug seizure, type 1 (L), volume 40.5 kilograms and drugs. Category 1 (Heroine), 74.7 kilograms of value, approximately 500 million baht. The Customs Department revealed that after the Customs Office of Bangkok Port opened the battle "Sor. Kor Kor Kor Chorpri" on March 23, 2022, with the goal of the blockade. Search the ark, including vehicles entering the Bangkok Port area. In order to prevent and suppress the drug smuggling network By today in the morning Customs X -ray and Technology Center Bangkok Port Customs Office Have inspected the suspect container Which corresponds to the risk of smuggling drugs outside the Kingdom With the destination, New Zealand Therefore seized and notified the relevant agencies And jointly inspected from the inspection, found an oil -free electrical appliance The interior is hidden, the crystal crystals are packed in a vacuum seal bag. Therefore brought the sample to test with the chemical liquid Displayed as a type 1 drug (Ice) and inspected Electrical appliances Ice Cream and Thong Mee In detail, found a suspicious temple with a square. Therefore brought a sample of suspicious objects to test the preliminary chemical liquid Displayed as a type 1 drug (Heroine). Preliminary, preparing to deliver all the items to the police to suppress the drug in order to expand the results of the involved to prosecute further.
A boyfriend, aged 17, jealous, swinging the swordNew 21 -year -old boyfriend teeth|A young man aged 17, jealous, brutal, after 18 girls refused to reconcile swinging the sword to invade the room. A 21 -year -old boyfriend's teeth were seriously hurt. Still unconscious from a Facebook user named Mint Kwanruethai posted a clip. From the CCTV, the dormitory has a name in Soi Lamul Uthit, Military Road, Mak Khaeng Subdistrict, Udon Thani Municipality While two teenagers invaded the room to attack the owner of the room until seriously injured. The incident occurred at 03.49 hrs. On April 1, 2022, with the posts and social media comment on the power. Not afraid of the law of the country, the latest progress (2 Apr 65) at 11:30 am at Muang Udon Thani Police Station, Mrs. Prang Jai, 54 years old and Mr. Worawut, 42 years old, mother and stepfather of Mr. Worawut Age 21 years, injured, Sam Phrao Subdistrict, Muang District, Udon Thani, along with Miss A (a hypothetical), 18 years old, the girlfriend traveled to testify to Police Lieutenant Colonel Sorawit Meepian, Deputy Deputy Director of Investigation, Muang Udon Thani Police Station After traveling to report on the morning of April 1, 2022, without allowing reporters to enter the investigation room, and now Mr. Worawut, the injured who lost a lot of blood And still not aware of the coma Still sleeping in the ICU Udon Thani Hospital, after being Mr Cap, 17 years old, Khon Khwang Subdistrict, Kut District, Udon Thani Province, using a sword Invaded the teeth on the face, eyebrows, chin, wound While sleeping in only one girlfriend's room As for the friend named Ton, 16 years old, do not know the address That comes together with the culprit And stood in front of the accident And did not enter the culprit in any way The CCTV of the dormitory can be recorded while going into the incident. Not afraid of the law Which this time event Expected to be caused by jealousy Therefore became a routine became more brutal, Miss A, a hypothetical girlfriend, who was injured, said that Mr. Oh, who was injured as a girlfriend Just dating for about 1 month. Mr. Kap, who committed an ex -boyfriend who broke up, about 1 month. Fans go out to socialize with friends. He went out to eat pork pan and drank, socializing with friends. At the same time, the group of friends in the group called Mr. Cap's girlfriend to join the band as well. Until late at night, he saw that his girlfriend was already drunk and the house was far away. Afraid of an accident Therefore gave the room key In order to rest Before he went back to socialize with friends And went back to sleep in the dormitory of a friend until morning In the morning, knowing that his girlfriend was seriously injured Because seeing the story on Facebook of the fan has a picture of the wound At first I thought that the car accident fell. There is a chat to say that the boyfriend Mother's girlfriend responded to chat and phone calls. To know all When checking the CCTV at the dormitory Therefore know that the person who caused the incident was Mr. Cap's ex -girlfriend. Thought that it was caused by jealousy Until becoming jealous Due to being in a party Mr Cap tried to say a reconciliation. But I didn't talk or give any answers. Expected during the phone conversation with Mr. Oh boyfriend Mr. Cap, his ex -boyfriend would hear And became jealous And when he went out to give the key to his girlfriend Mr Cap followed. But Mr Cap told other friends that he would go to find a friend outside The part that Mr. Oh didn't lock the room door. Because Mr O thinks he will go back to sleep in the room too Thinking back, he was scared. If the incident occurred, he went back to sleep too. Would be injured or died I didn't think that Mr. Cap was only 17 years old. When they were together, they were cute, polite, not a cruel person. At this point, there is still no contact. And there is no surrender The parents already know the matter. And want to go home But he still wants to continue studying Now studying Vocational Certificate 2, while Mr Worawut, the stepfather, revealed that he had been in a relationship with Mr. O's mother for many years. Mother Oh, there are 3 children. There are 2 daughters. Mr. Oh is the most pregnant. He has raised Mr. O since childhood. Love like a real child He and his wife have been working in Bangkok for many 10 years. He is a bus driver. Wife is a car bag Mr O also studied and lived. Mr O is a quiet person, not speaking, has never had a quarrel with anyone before 6 months ago by the situation. Mr. Oh, the son asked to move back to work in Udon. The son is a salesman at a mall in the city. He and his wife moved followed last month. Right now, I'm still looking for a job. I know the news that my son was attacked at around 5 am. Now, the coma is still in the ICU. Can't visit Must wait to answer the phone from the doctor only The incident wanted the parties to come out to be responsible. Let's talk But still insisting that it will be done to the end Because doing with the man too harsh As for the lawsuit After completing the interrogation The police will have contacted the parents of the offender. To surrender In order to proceed with legal proceedings
"Sand" surrendered at Muang Nonthaburi police station.Ran awayRefusing to give an interview (clip)|"Sand" ran away from the dodge Not allowing the interview While traveling to surrender at Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, progress in the case of investigative officers Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Collect evidence Submit a petition to the Nonthaburi Provincial Court. Considering the arrest warrant for Mr. Wisa Patch Manomairat or Sandy, 35 years, 1 in 5 people on the speed boat at "Watermelon Nida", the actors fall at the latest died at 14.10 hrs today ( 3 April 65) Mr. Wisa Patcha or Sandsan, the person who was issued an arrest warrant for "Acting negligently causes others to death" has traveled to surrender at Muang Nonthaburi Police Station By referred to as a reporter And do not give an interview in any way While the reporters followed While Mr Wisa Patch or Sand traveled to the police station There is a car change. Causing reporters to be confused as well
Netizens "San" just went to the Chao Phraya Tour Cruise Party. "|At 14.00 hrs. On 3 April at Mueang Nonthaburi Police Station, Mr. Wisa Patch Manomairat or Sanda came to acknowledge the charges of negligence. Until causing others to die after yesterday (2 April), the Nonthaburi Provincial Court Has approved an arrest warrant Referred to as one of the 5 people on the speed boat Before the actress, the watermelon, Phatra Nida Patcharaweerapong will agree to the river and die. However, when the sand arrives Hurriedly walked into the office room Director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Immediately with a hurry without answering any questions of the media, the reporter added that On Twitter, a clip was shared from a user's ING story. Take the atmosphere of the party on the Chao Phraya boat. That has a sandy sand By specifying the said tweet "It's FC Sandy. Very glad. Sans returned to the party after the story. Come together to congratulate Sand. Smile, very happy. #Watermelon must not die for free. "The clip made netizens criticized violently. In most cases The case of the death of watermelon has not been resolved. But the sand in the event returned to normal life The Chao Phraya Party Cruise is like nothing happened.
unfold!Student behavior"Somdej Phra Wanrat" embezzlement of 200 million temples, there are many luxury cars|Progress in the case of a close student of Somdej Phra Wanrat Embrace the money of Bowonniwet Vihara And the branch temple to use a lot of personal money After the officers were able to follow up and arrest on March 23, it was reported that the accused Use the rhythm that Somdej Phra Wan Ratthapat Fake documents And conducting their own transactions Initially, the total value was over 190 million baht, which the authorities were in the process of monitoring the damage value. Expected to be more than this The accused was still detained in the Bangkok Special Prison, Mr Chaturong Jongsa, an independent Buddhist academic. Post a personal Facebook message Specify the behavior of this temple pupil "It's just a monk driver. But .. Sapai the camera+a total lens of 8 hundred thousand to England/France/America There are expensive luxury cars, both BMW840 / Ferrari / Tesla, etc. Do not love the Bowon Temple. Do not love the dharma Pity the King. Somdej Phra Wanrat No personal money Most of them are temples that you rule or have ruled. Both in the name of the abbot And in the name of the Foundation His Majesty Be fair, not accepting this money The accused therefore rely on the opportunity to access the temple's financial transactions. During the hospital treatment And also concluded that "His Majesty did not give But the robber moves out, do not scold the King, curse the robber #understand the same "
Smells like what is dead, dacking, finding the body of a man being killed, cutting off his throat|The merchant talked to the nurse that it had an abnormal smell. Take the wood to see the body, found the body of the man killed, slaughtered the throat, binding the feet under the roadside (4 April 65). At 17.00 hrs. Police officers at Bang Kruai police station were notified of the death of a dead man. On the side of the road Within Soi Champa Temple, Village No. 1, Bang Khun Krong Subdistrict, Bang Kruai District, Nonthaburi Province, along with the probation officer Doctors from the Forensic Science Institute And the staff of Ruamkanyu Foundation rushed to investigate the scene under the tamarind tree Inside the alley, an unknown man was found, lying face down, aged about 40-45 years. The neck was wound, cheap, sharp, slaughtered on both legs. Tied with a straw rope, the body had a foul smell Expected to have died for 2-3 days. Still do not know who the deceased is in the process of investigating. As for the shell, the gun found before, it was expected that it was unlikely that Mr. Atiwit, the body of the body, said that he came to sell fruit with Sri, who is a nurse and smells very strong. Therefore asked elder Sri if anyone had to do anything or not He answered that someone came to murder or not. He therefore realized that he had proven first. Therefore looking for a wood to see, then found the body to lie down and saw the soles of the feet Wear jeans He then jumped away. And called people to see as a witness first and call the staff Which he did not hear anything Which this route has been used for about 10 years. Initially, the police have investigated the scene Will rush to follow up the criminals who continue to prosecute
"Charnwit", the former President of the Ministry of Education, cried out to the 4th Commander in Chief of the police, being rated by 4 bodies.|"Charnwit Kasetsiri", a former President of the Ministry of Education, submitted a letter to the Commander in Chief in the case of 4 men dressed like a policeman. Invade the accommodation today (4 April) last morning Professor Charnwit Kasetsiri, former President of Thammasat University, along with Mr. Kritsangnutcharat, lawyer, submitting a letter to Pol.Gen. There are 4 men dressed in a police officer outside the uniform. Travel by private pickup truck Concluded the car registration number to a condominium building In Soi Chaiyapruek 9, Borommaratchachonnani Road Subdistrict and Taling Chan District Bangkok Which is the accommodation of Professor Chanwit The group of 2 people invaded the office of the condominium officials, claiming that he was a police officer without telling. Holding a photo but has a picture of the ID card of Professor Chanwit And asked the officer whether Professor Chanwit was at the condo at that time or not When the condo officials informed that at that time, Professor Chanwit was not at the accommodation. A group of people claiming to be a police officer, allowing the officers to take the lift to the room of Professor Chanwit. When examined and saw that at that time, Professor Chanwit was not in the room. That group of men then took a photo of the room and returned. Previously, the condominium staff said that Professor Charnwit supports the political gathering of youth at this time, so the said act was a criminal offense in many laws. Because it is intimidation and offense to freedom As well as if it is an act of the police, it will be another fault of the official in the performance of duties. And if found to be a criminal offense Please order the prosecution of the said culprit immediately. In order to preserve the sacred laws of the country and protect the public in addition. Professor Chanwit admitted that after the incident, he was worried about safety. And thought to keep the story alone But having to come out to submit a book because I see that this is not the only problem But still want to protect others Especially the new generation who came out to not be done the same And called on the Prime Minister as a supervisor of the Royal Thai Police Should not let this matter happen. The lawyer Kritsang said that the reason to sing at the Royal Thai Police Because it was seen that the incident had occurred for more than 1 week, but there was no police officer in Taling Chan police station, the owner of the area contacted to inquire to Ajarn Chanwit to show concern. In addition, the prosecution of the demonstrators therefore was not confident. And want the supervisor to proceed If it is a real police, there must be a prosecution. After submitting a letter, the book will be posted on social media. As for other evidence Confirmed that there are clear circuits of condominiums and witnesses for confirmation for the atmosphere of the book today. There are a number of masses coming to encourage, such as Dr. Thotsaporn Serirak brought the paintings and encouragement to give to Ajarn Chanwit, as well as pupils and masses that support and demand democracy. Bring flowers to flood in the middle of the safety of the police.
Former national team coachTransforming the drama setDeceive, indecent boy aged 13-16 years|Arrest the former coach of the national team That transformed into actor for the set Causing rape-indecent boy, aged 13-16 years, a total of dozens of victims (4 April 65) Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander in Chief/Deputy Director The corpse of the Ministry of Public Health joins the arrest press conference. Mr. Sitthiphan or Bank, 41 years old, former Thai national team jumping athlete Sports activists, rope jumping, team -style teams And is a person who provides actors to the drama set After a 13 -year -old boy, complained to the Sriracha police station in the allegations, raped and indecent. 3-year-old boys between 13-14 years, can be detained at the front of the house in Thawi Watthana Subdistrict, Sai Noi District, Nonthaburi Province, which Mr. Sittiphan To accept the confession that the incident was actually reported, therefore reporting the charges of "rape, children under the age of fifteen years, which is not his wife Which the child will agree or not And obscene to children not over fifteen years old Which the child will agree or not And take the child not over fifteen years of age for indecency. "Proceed with the legal legal proceedings. On March 23, 65 at 09.45 hrs. Proceed with Mr. Sittiphan or Bank, reported that from October 64 until Jan 65, Mr. Sittiphan Rape and indecent 3-year-old boys between 13-14 years, whose their own children are included. After that, the police officers in Sriracha Police Station continued to gather evidence until 1 April 65 at 06.30 hrs. Sriracha, Chon Buri Province, brought an arrest warrant for Chon Buri Provincial Court at 169/2565, dated 30 March 65, arrested Mr. Sittiphan or Bank in front of the house in Thawi Watthana Subdistrict, Sai Noi District, Nonthaburi Province. By Mr. Sittiphan, the accused confessed that He was a former Thai national rope jumping athlete. Sports activities, rope jumps, teams that are organized and are a person to provide actors for the drama set. Which will persuade the boy aged 13-16 years who are interested in participating in the activity Jumping rope or is interested as an actor to find extra income. Which is a student in school When the accused has the opportunity to close those boys, they will use the opportunity to give their children to use their own genitals. Including the use of his own penis Admit that they used to use their own genitals in the anus of some children as well. According to the expansion of the boy aged 13-16 years, which is under education in the Sriracha District, Chon Buri Province. 7 cases that have been accused of the accused in the above manner Currently, the police have already known all the information in the process of collecting evidence for further prosecution to the accused. Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachet said, "In this case, the criminal uses the opportunity that the child is not under the care of parents. The closeness of the child in seizing sexual harassment to children Causing many children to be victims in this case Therefore would like to warn to the people about helping to look after their children from sexual harassment, be careful when providing care for children and youth to other people. In order not to cause this miserable victim. "
A brutal gun girl shot 5 engineers, sinking the pile of blood on the side of the road.Racing the red sign to escape|The girl drove to park on the construction road. Would like to talk to the engineer for 10 minutes. Draw a gun, shot, shot, sinking the blood on the side of the road. The fleeing sedan (4 Apr 65) at approximately 10.50 hrs., Lieutenant Colonel Woradech Powder Thong, Deputy Swiss Police Station, Muang Rayong Police Station. Was notified of a firearm Died at the scene of the incident, therefore notified the supervisor Know and walk to the scene of the incident with Col. Apichanan Watthanawarangkun, Director of the Police Station, Rayong Police Station, Pol. The incident in front of the building on the Ban Lang Road No. 123/1, the road is under construction of road expansion. Found the body of the death, lying down in front of the row The incident found a .22.2 shelling, fell in 5 shots, 1 of the deceased's phone. Later, Mr Natthawat is 55 years old, the engineer of the contractor company that is currently constructing the road. The deceased was in the process of working on the Ban Lang Road. The cause of the crime is a shoulder hair, about 40 years old, wearing a gray long -sleeved shirt with floral pattern. Black pants Wear a mask to hide the face. Use a Toyota Yaris brand car, red sign, bronze, money, drive away to the big Chakka junction. Ban Lang-Khao Phrabat Road The firearm used at 6.35 mm. Son. 22 Inquiring Mr. Paitoon (Surname Surname), aged 48 years, who was in the incident that The deceased is his supervisor. At the time of the incident, he and the deceased were talking about each other. There was a woman driving a red Yaris. Come to park and walk down to find the dead Said that there was a document book to see Therefore called to sit and talk in the area In front of the building, which had a bench to talk about 10 minutes, he heard about 5 shots and rushed to see. Saw that the woman was about to pull the gun again But expected that the gun would be polished After that, the criminal walked into the red car that drove and ran away.
Come by appointment!"Job" acknowledged 2 charges of watermelon cases."Destroy evidence-leave sewage"|Come by appointment! "Job" appeared at Muang Nonthaburi police station. Acknowledged the allegations to destroy the evidence - throw away the sewage into the river, while the Deputy Commander in Chief 1 has announced the afternoon 3 today (4 Apr 65) at 13.05 hrs. "One of the 5 people on a speedboat Along with the lawyer team traveled to Muang Nonthaburi police station In order to acknowledge the allegations in the subpoena of the death of the watermelon Nida on charges of an offense under Section 184 of the Criminal Code, trying to destroy the evidence and charges under the Naval Act, Section 119 is the abandoning of the sewage. Into the river Which may mean pouring and abandoning alcohol. Mr. Job has a normal expression that is not serious And do not answer the media questions When the reporter tried to ask if he confirmed that he had left a bottle of wine and wine in the river. Including when asked if they feel stressed or worried or not Before walking up to the 2nd floor and immediately walked into the office of the director's office But only said After getting off the car "Will come out for an interview" while reporting that at 15.00 hrs. Pol.Lt.Gen. Muang Nonthaburi Police Station To press the watermelon case and at 16.00 hrs. To acknowledge the allegations under Section 172 of the Criminal Code in the case of falsehood as well
How are you?!"Sira" brings "the bottle" to acknowledge the charges "to make falsehood" watermelon case|"Thermos" acknowledged the allegations "falsely" to the watermelon case, but surprisingly, today "Sira Jane Ja", a former famous MP, is the one who brought today (4 April) when Time 15.25 hrs. "Front" Miss Ichsin Jutha Suksawat Traveled to acknowledge the allegations of the death of the watermelon Nida and the inquiry official Muang Nonthaburi Police Station on the charge of "falsely" according to the Criminal Code, Section 172, by traveling today, there is Mr. Sira Jenjaka, former MP, Bangkok, bringing the bottle with a lawyer. Came to give a testimony. And will come to interview the media again why today, while the journalists are trying to inquire about the bottle of contacting Mr. Sira to bring or not. And in the testimony, is it really different? Including stress or worry or not But the bottle does not answer any questions Before walking into the office director's office Muang Nonthaburi Police Station To acknowledge the allegations immediately
Deputy Commander in Chief 1 summarizes the charges of 5 speedboats!Confident 1-2 days, issue an arrest warrant for the manager|Deputy Commander in Chief 1 explains all the allegations on the boat! Confirm "consultant" is not a lawyer Tum another 1-2 days to request an arrest warrant for sure. Today (4 April 65) at Muang Nonthaburi Provincial Police Station, Pol.Lt.Gen. In front of the watermelon case, Phatthida, as well as the progress of the charges of the 5 ships. The Deputy Commander in Chief 1 said that the investigative staff took the time to bring electronic evidence. Combined with the testimony and evidence Until leading to the conclusion and reporting the allegations to all 5 ships as follows: 1. Por reported the allegations According to the Criminal Code, Section 291, negligent, causing death to others, the Criminal Code, Section 172, falsely and the Navigation Act, Section 1192. Robert informed the allegations. According to the Criminal Code, Section 291, negligent, causing death to others and the Navigation Act, Section 1193. Job reports the allegations. According to Section 184 of the Criminal Code, trying to destroy the evidence and the Navigation Act, Section 1194. Sand reports allegations. According to the Criminal Code, Section 291, negligent, causing others to die. 5. The allegations According to the Criminal Code, Section 172, provided falsely by charges of destroying that evidence Currently, there is only "Job", which the Deputy Commander in Chief 1 said that the notification or not reporting that charge Consider the evidence and testimony. As for the circumstances of Job, which is considered to destroy the evidence. It is not possible to tell the issue of the manager with advice on the boat. Deputy Commander in Chief 1 confirmed that the allegations will be reported to the said manager. And confirmed that it is not "Lawyer Sitra", of course, which now has 1 person and has enough evidence It is expected to report the charges under Section 184 of the Criminal Code. Trying to destroy the evidence and Article 172 to make falsehood in line with the charges of the people on the boat. In addition, Deputy Commander in Chief 1 also said that within 1-2 days there will be Requesting the court to approve the arrest warrant At this time, there has been no interrogation at all. It is expected that the consultant is definitely known to the people on the boat. As for the career information, there is currently no information. But can wait to follow within 2 days and deny that it has not created a consultant to divert the trend in any way. Currently, the manager is still the last accused. Which if the person reported to meet the inquiry official It means that this case may take a total of 2 months to close the case. According to the lawyer, Decha predicted that it might end before Songkran festival. The next step is the duty of the court for consideration. And will definitely answer the questions of the people whether it is fair or not
Appeared again!2 temples, Trat province, close to the "Somdej Phra Wanrat", embezzlement of 90 million baht|Appeared again! 2 temples in Trat province were hit by a close person "Somdej Phra Wanrat", embezzlement of nearly 100 million baht today (4 April 65) Maj. Gen. Jirapop Phurdej, Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission Arrest a close friend of Somdej Phra Wanrat Former Abbot of Bowonniwet Ratchaworawihan Which embezzlement of the restoration of the Bowonniwet Temple and the branch temple found money from the account of Bowonniwet at 110 million baht and Wachirat Thammaram Temple Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province 80 million baht, a total of 190 million baht. There are 3 allegations of allegations, namely fraud and fake documents. At this time, opposed the bail. And was also detained at the prison at the same time Police officers have accelerated the expansion of audit results. The involvement of Bowonniwet Temple Account of Somdej Phra Wanrat And the account of the branch temple Which Somdej Phra Wanrat Is the owner of the account Found that in addition to the missing money from Bowonniwet Temple, 110 million baht and Wachirat Thammaram Temple Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province, another 80 million baht, a total of 190 million baht and also found the transfer of money from the account of the branch of the branch, namely Wat Rattanawararam, Trat Province, 80 million baht and Kiravi Temple, Trat Province, another 10 million baht. Both accounts are Budgeting for building and restoring temples It is expected that the embezzlement is worth more than 190 million baht. However, there is only one person. The accused also performed the said temple in Trat province. Another 2 temples are Rattanawararam Temple. Is a budget for building a temple And Wat Keewi Is a school building budget
urgent!The confession thermos and then falselyPrepare to be sent to the Nonthaburi District Court.|The beetle, close friend and the personal manager of the watermelon, Nida confessed and gave false statement. Prepare to be sent to the Nonthaburi District Court. Reporters reported that today (4 April) Col. Chaturon Conservation of graduates Director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station revealed that after Mr Nithat Kirati Sutthorn or Job and Ms. Ichsarin Jutatawat or the Krua Friends and Private Manager of Watermelon Nida traveled to meet the inquiry official. Muang Nonthaburi Police Station According to the subpoena today Ms. Ichsarin or the bottle to confess that Gave false testimony to the real police After signing the allegations, the police are preparing to sue to submit to the Nonthaburi District Court. Mr. Nithat or Job is a journey to report to the subpoena, which is not serious. Therefore do not need to file bail today
The girl shot engineer, extinguished the road building work.In truth, the gunman is a wife to escape 2 km. Park the car, shoot himself.|Rayong engineer shot, extinguished the road building In fact, the culprit was a wife who escaped 2 km. Park the car, shot himself to death (4 April 65) from the case of a red sign driver to park near the Ban Lang Road building number 123/1, which is under construction of the road. By requesting to talk to Mr. Natthawat, 55, is the engineer of the contractor company that is constructing the road for 10 minutes. Before driving to escape later at 12:30 am on the same day Police officers were notified of the cause of the firearm to shoot themselves in the pump. PTT, Chakkai Branch 2 km away from the scene of the incident, then traveled to inspect and found that the woman had shot herself Behind the coffee shop Went to inspect and found that Is a woman using a .22 firearm Shot in a place above the left milk, 2 shots, sleeping rich, rolled on the ground. Officials try to help buy life. But later died. From the investigation, it was found that the deceased was Miss Rapee Porn, who shot the husband, who was a dead engineer and found a bronze Toyota, a red label. Rayong used to escape after the incident Parked in front of the coffee shop inside the PTT pump. From the investigation, the witnesses testified that before the accident, the deceased came to park the car and then sat in the car. Before getting out of the car and then walked in and out of the scene of the incident 2 times and heard the sound of two gunshots. Coordinated with the relatives of the deceased, in conclusion, that the shot And afraid of the mistake, then shot himself to death As for the incident, it was expected. From debt problems And still do not leave other issues such as sexual affairs Because in the female car, found a notebook Write about the sexual matters. But however, will investigate those close To summarize the true cause
"Job" still rejects all the allegations!Revealing not stress-not worriedToday I didn't talk to "the bottle".|"Job" rejects all the allegations! Revealing not stress-not worried Today came to acknowledge the allegations but didn't talk to "Front" today (4 April) at 17.00 hrs. At Mueang Nonthaburi Police Station, Mr. Nithat Kirati Sutthisathorn or "Job" with a lawyer from Muang Nonthaburi Police Station. After acknowledging the allegations from the inquiry official from 13.00 hrs. The officers have reported two allegations, which are the Criminal Code, Section 184, trying to destroy the evidence and the Naval Act, Section 119, which after coming out. The lawyer gave an interview that Job denied all allegations. But what will happen even in the court process? Which today only comes according to the subpoena Therefore do not use bail securities And will meet the investigation officer again on April 19, 65. In the afternoon, when the reporter asked the job whether there was a stress or anxiety that was reported or not, just answered that it was not stressful and not worried. Other details Ask the lawyer to be the respondents And did not talk to the bottle during the allegations in any way Before returning with a lawyer
"The bottle" opens up, not afraid of anyone threatening.Confessed to falseNever seen watermelon pee at the back of the boat|"Thermos" opens up, accepting all the confession than the falsehood of the watermelon case. Not afraid of problems with the other 4 on the boat, while "Sira" told the rest to consult Do not believe the lawyer today (4 April). In the evening, Mr. Sira Jenjaka, former Bangkok MP for the power of the Pracharat Pracharat Party, along with Ms. Ichsarin Jutha Suksawat or "Front", a press conference after acknowledging the allegations in the Nida Watermelon case. Mr Sira said that today Muang Nonthaburi Police Station together with the gauze of the gauze and lawyer to acknowledge the allegations. As for the issues that society suspects why he traveled with the bottle Due to the case of Uncle Nid, the fish, fish, who have come to ask for help and consult himself. Until receiving fairness. After that, the bottle has been coordinated. At this time, the bottle offers all aspects and is useful for the case. As for the remaining accused Please have the truth. However, the truth is the truth. If you believe the lawyer who recommends what is wrong But the police have clear evidence and testimony In the end, it must be liable. Tell to the other 4 people. On the boat, you can consult with him. Don't believe the lawyer very much. Right now, it's not too late to speak the truth while the bottle said that he did not give back the news as the news came out. And came to provide additional cases in the said case Anything that forgot or dropped Can think of anything, come back to give new They still live a normal life. To send children to normal schools The news that came out that he didn't dare to live the same life is not true. But admitted that there was stress Because he had never encountered a situation like this And lost friends, which he was sad, however I haven't done anything yet. And did not report anyone As for the issue that Anna posted He doesn't know what it is. Please do not refer to other people. Please focus on your own story. As for the watermelon issues I confirm that I really didn't see it. About how the watermelon is because the sand says Which he never testified when asked when Afraid that there would be a problem with the other 4 people on the boat that came out to confess or not, the bottle said that he was not afraid, no one had intimidated from the beginning because they were friends. As for the Easter's policy, that daughter was not involved. Reporters asked more than Do you love watermelon? Which has been responded that "Do you love the bottle? Do not answer better than us. People around you already know." In addition, Mr. Sira also said at the end that As for the charges of false statement, it is not possible to say about any issues because it is in the idiom. In this regard, the inquiry official will come down to reveal itself. Please leave the "lawyer M" that is recommended at first, allowing everyone to go in the same direction. Which is considered the wrong use of the law Please use the law correctly in the right way for the direction of the fight. After the confession, Mr Sira said, depending on the compassion of the court. Which will continue to fight according to the justice process
The 70 -year -old man smashed a 37 -year -old girlfriend, extinguished a room in the middle of the city.Hire a tuk -tuk to carry the body|A 70 -year -old man hit a hammer to hit a 37 -year -old girlfriend, extinguished the room in the middle of the city. Hiring a tuk -tuk to carry the body, claiming to be a Buddha image But the driver did not believe at 22.30 hrs. (4 Apr 65) Police officers in Pathumwan Police Station were notified of the deaths. Inside the room does not have the name of Rong Mueang Road, Rong Mueang Subdistrict, Pathumwan District, therefore coordinating the probation officer, forensic doctor, police hospital and the staff of the Ruam Kanyu Foundation, which is a 5 -story commercial building, divided into rooms for rent. In the area of the 2nd floor room, number 203. In the room, the dead body was wrapped in a bed sheet. The officer then opened the body of a young woman lying naked. Knowing the name later, Miss Ketsuda, 37, has a wound on the face being hit with solids. Green is bruised. And bleeding Next to the body found a hammer. Which is expected to be a weapon used to attack the deceased At the same time, officials were able to detain the culprit, Mr. Jari, 70 years old, a taxi driver. In the scene as well Therefore detained for investigation, Mr Charoon, 56, revealed that before the incident, a seller who knew each other called Said that the old -fashioned room, the cause of the crime He therefore tried to nudge. When not moving, he informed the authorities 191 to come to investigate because he was afraid that there would be a cause of Miss Darunee, 53, the mother of the deceased. After hearing the news, he came to see the scene. Crying until fainting, volunteers, gratitude, must help each other first aid Said that he was separated with his daughter In which the daughter himself often moved Not a residence Most recently, the daughter was on Saturday (2 April). The daughter traveled to her. By traveling with the culprit For Mr. Chey, who committed that his daughter had been in a relationship for a while. Previously, he told him that he wanted to tie the wrist. In addition, he used to tell him to help follow her daughter back after the daughter was courting. Did not think that Mr Chey would cause an incident with his daughter from the investigation Confessed that Get to know the dead for a while And in the afternoon, there was arguments with the deceased Before the anger Use the hammer inside the room to hit the head of the deceased to death. Before wrapped in a blanket and tied completely After that, hire a tricycle. Come to help carry the body out to camouflage, claiming to be a Buddha image But the tricycle driver didn't believe And thought that it was unlikely to be a Buddha statue, the police expected that the cause was due to jealousy However, Mr. Chey will thoroughly interrogate again before proceeding with the law.
Emergency room turbulent!Former patients holding wood, chasing the hospital staff.Run away from death (clip)|Former patients carrying wood into the emergency room. Chase the hospital staff Run away and die Claiming anger that caused pain when healing the drug from the event. On April 2, there was a Facebook user named Kritaphat Chunrasri posted a message with CCTV images. Which occurred at the accident-emergency room, Phon Na Kaew Hospital, Sakon Nakhon Province "1 April 2022, civil servant's day. What must be, patience, 10 years that are active in the public health industry. Through many events, do not think that this kind of thing will happen to yourself and in the agency that is under The hospital is a safe place. That many people come in to get a holistic look On the basis of service with the heart of humanity No caste In order to escape the crisis that threatens our lives, we try to work hard in order to hold the benefits and rights of the client as the location. Many times the client didn't understand. But we still insist on maintaining the benefits of the client Even though we are the most suffering But it is still the person who has the most 'happiness' to see the service recipients get the correct and appropriate nursing. According to professional standards, but today, many of us are being threatened From the outside and the patients we are providing service Regardless of the expression of frustration, putting on the expression of the words, this is not good. But this even attacked in a government office Hurt each other It can't be sympathetic. We must protect ourselves. I am sick, come to ask for help. And still hurt us This kind of thing is not allowed. Let's proceed with the case. "From the CCTV, you will see a picture of a black hood. Wear a helmet Drive a motorcycle to park in front of the hospital. Walked into the hospital While picking up weapons from the bag Walked into the emergency room By running to attack the nurse Causing the nurses and users to allow the emergency room to run away After that, he was detained by the hospital staff. Initially, the injured were green in the body. From being hit by a weapon And cracks at the head by Phon Na Kaew District, informed that the district will have public relations in the area to monitor those who are at risk of causing this kind of cause Initially, discussed with the hospital for strict measures before coming to the officer. This incident occurred for the first time and no one expected it to happen. The district is ready to do everything for the hospital. And government offices are safe areas Ready to share with all government agencies. The police have followed the arrest of the culprit and the name is Mr. Thanongsak Upatti, 29 years old, which Mr Thanongsak claimed that Invaded to attack a staff member Due to being angry that the officer caused him to hurt While going to treat drugs Therefore became resentment since then When anger occurs, he attacked and attacked the said officer. The hospital staff who were attacked said that he didn't think he would come back. Because we provide all professional framework according to the ethics according to the standards Do not think that the patient will bind to the point of causing the incident Now the state of mind is getting better. Received morale from the management team, brothers and sisters from various hospitals. There was a call to encourage.
Mother is happy with the freckles.Confessed to false lawyers. "The watermelon is not dead for free."|Lawyer Dechalla "Watermelon is not dead free." Revealing Mother Phanida is happy that his own actions in his actions. Confessed to falsely from the case Front-Ichsarin Jutha Suksawat Personal manager and close friends of the starry star, Nida 1 in 5 people in the event that the actress fell in the middle of the Chao Phraya River. Traveled with Mr. Sira Jenjaka, former MP, Bangkok Come to acknowledge the allegations On charges of falsely in The watermelon case has been signed to acknowledge the allegations. Officials will prepare to submit a lawsuit to the Nonthaburi District Court. Later, the lawyer Decha Kittiwittayanan The lawyer of Mae Pang Water Came out to post via Facebook page Lawyer relieves suffering Along with specifying the message that "The final accused on the boat/confessed to falsely To the inquiry official/ causing the evidence in this case/ immediately stronger And is also a witness in court/tie the accused in this case #Watermelon is not dead free. "The latest Channel 3 revealed the interview of the lawyer Decha, saying that it was a good thing that Mr. Sira brought to surrender and confess. So that people can speak the truth That happens that on the boat, what is there? Or who did something wrong on the boat In the past, there was no witnesses even to help Nong Watermelon. Now there is a bottle to help. Considered to be a very good story. Poro Robert and Job, if possible, come out to confess the case, will end. And there is no difficulty If really wrong, should accept the confession. If not wrong, then fight the case. Is the right of all three people in the case of the manager If you are a person who knows the law very well, then go to teach Hiring to use the accused to destroy the evidence or make false To meet the inquiry official slowly Causing the evidence to prosecute These people should be prosecuted for heavy charges. Believe that 2-3 days, there will be an arrest warrant for mothers. After knowing the news He reported to the mother. Mother is happy to have a mechanical sensation, although the watermelon is good with the bottle. I know each other for 10-20 years. Various policies Mother gave it to If there is an opportunity, he wants to bring a mother to see the mother.
The prosecutor sent the "Front" prosecutor. The police have not sued the court.Because he was afraid that he could not condone other charges|The prosecutor considers not to sue the "fighter" today because he was worried that if the offense was found later Or found more heavy charges, will not be able to sue repeatedly Therefore sent him back to the investigation officer of Nonthaburi Police Station to investigate to the end of the Office of the Attorney General Announcement of the Office of the Prosecutor's Office, Nonthaburi District Court, accepting the case of Miss Ichsarin or Jutatha Suksawat The accused on Tuesday, April 5, 2022 at 10.30 hrs. Mr. Itthiporn Kaewthip, Director -General of the Criminal Prosecutor As Motok, the Office of the Attorney General Along with Mr. Prayut Phetkhun, Deputy Director -General Special Case Office As Deputy Spokesman for the Office of the Attorney General And the prosecutor Office of the Prosecutor's Court, Nonthaburi District Court Received a case recording the confession of the accused from the Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, the case between Police Lieutenant Colonel Somut Ketayaya, the accused with Miss Ichsarin or thermosis Suksawat, accused of false statements about Wrong for the inquiry official Or officials who have the power to investigate criminal cases The incident occurred on 25 February 2022 at approximately 19 o'clock at Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, Suan Yai Subdistrict, Mueang Nonthaburi District. Nonthaburi Province Miss Ichsarin or the granulated Jutathasuksawat, the accused, confessed to the investigating officer, brought the accused and recorded the confession to the prosecutor. Office of the Prosecutor's Court of Court of Nonthaburi considers When receiving the verbal sued, the accused Prosecutor The Office of the Prosecutor of the Nonthaburi District Court consists of Miss Sawitree. Achievement The provincial prosecutor, the case of the Nonthaburi District Court, along with Mr. Chaiwat Loanichkietkiatkul, Senior Prosecutor, Mr. Wiraphon Morakan, Senior Prosecutor, Mr. Bundit Kongthip, Miss Chanisara Thanom, Mr. Thirawat Chotikmas, Mr. Thitiphan Supasawattsawatts Miss Thananan MBK and Miss Shisa Chat Ngam Apichat Prosecutor Have a meeting to consider the case in the beginning and have the opinion that Although in this case, the inquiry official has the power to bring the accused to the prosecutor for the court without having to investigate and sue verbally. According to the Court of Establishment and Criminal Procedures in the District Court, 1956, Section 20, because this case is an important case that society, media, as well as the public. Because this case is accused of the accused Due to the testimony of the accused who testified to the inquiry official Due to the death of Miss Phattharathida or Watermelon Patcharaweerapong, which appears the facts that society and the public are aware of the news of the media that There are people involved in death and other charges. In this class Prosecutor The Office of the Prosecutor, Nonthaburi District Court is not yet known for other cases. Which may be the unity case in accordance with the Office of the Attorney General Regarding the criminal proceedings of the prosecutor, 2020, as well as in order to effectively facilitate the justice and the case is a complicated and complicated fact. According to the order of the Office of the Attorney General at OS (EPPO) 0018/Wor 169, dated 24 August 2001, has determined the guidelines that If it must be with the said case Although the accused will confess But the prosecutor will not file a lawsuit in accordance with the confession of the accused. By returning the accused and recording the confession to the inquiry official In order to complete the investigation until the investigation process under the Criminal Procedure Code first And once the investigation has been completed The inquiry official shall send the file to the prosecutor to consider for further order. Miss Ichsarin or the berry Jutatha Suksawat, the accused and recorded the confession to the inquiry official for further proceeding when the investigating officers completed the investigation and sent the accused with the case to the prosecutor. The Office of the Attorney General will be announced in the next opportunity. As the deputy spokesman for the Office of the Attorney General, during the press conference that The prosecutor disagreed with the lawsuit. Ms. Ichsarin or the granule on charges of falsehood now Because if the offense was found later Or found more heavy charges, will not be able to sue repeatedly Therefore agreeing to send a record of the confession and "the bottle" back to the investigating officers in Nonthaburi police station to investigate to the end of the trend And in order to be fair, while Mr. Sira Jenja, the legal consultant, revealed that today is preparing securities in cash of 400,000 baht to submit a bait As well as to the group of friends of the other 4 people on the boat Should consider carefully for the testimony If you want to consult, you can contact you. Because it is ready to be a lawyer To make the truth clear But no one has contacted With charges of false punishment for 2 years, a fine of not more than 40,000 baht
MP, Tae Live, claimed to see the white cloth of the watermelon.Sent to cover the treatment in the United States.|MP, Tae claimed to see the white cloth of the watermelon. Sent to cover the treatment in the United States. Prepare to divide the fabric 3 parts, send 3 examinations, check the links of the case, Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon, MP, list of the Thai Sriwilai Party, along with Mr. Krishna Sri Bunpimngam Get live via Facebook page Mongkolkit Suksin Tharanon, stating that there are now good citizens found a white cloth tied the waist of the watermelon. After many parties are trying to find And sent a white cloth to Mr. Mongkol Kit by Mr. Mongkol Kit Sent the said white cloth To keep with Bang Jack or Racha Hyder, who is currently in California The United States then Mr. Mongkol Kit has lived live to talk to Bang Jack on Facebook, Jack NY, and bring the white cloth to show to the fan page. To compare the images of the watermelon taken in the kitchen to compare Whether it is similar or not In which the fabric is a white lace pattern And with dark red stains like blood And have leaves Stuck while Mr Mongkol Kitti stated that after this may fly to Bang Jack in California. The United States of America will send the said information and white cloth to check for 3 parts. The first part will be sent to check with Forensic Science Institute Ministry of Justice and Female Medicine, Lady Pornthip Rojanasunan, Senate As the Human Rights Commission, rights, freedoms, and consumer protection of the Senate, sent to a private university in Thailand and sent to the Forensic Science Institute that the United States performed. Prepare to coordinate with Acting at Lieutenant Thanakrit Jit Arirat Secretary of the Minister of Justice In order to proceed with the said evidence
The legend of "Dreammy" ONLYFANS. The second girl made a clip of Jews to make hundreds of thousands of revenue.|Khon Kaen police arrested Nong Dermmy. ONLYFANS. Lady women produce clips. Set up a VIP LINE group, there are more than 400 members to generate hundreds of thousands of baht. Reporters reported that yesterday (5 April) at 11:00 am at the Khon Kaen Provincial Police Division. There was a press conference on the arrest of Mr. Jesadakorn or Dreammy, 20 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant of the Khon Kaen Provincial Court No. 82/2012 dated 4 April 2022 for the offense of production. Have you taken it or not to take it? Or widespread in any way, which the drawing documents, printing, printing, printing, pictures, advertisements, photos, photos, movies The recording bar or any other thing is pornographic. For trade wishes Or by trade For distribution or for showing to the public, imported into a computer system, which any computer data That has pornography and Computer information, the general public may access, ready to seize a lot of videos. Equipment used in shooting and equipment Used to assemble the production scene and create 17 video clips, by being investigated by police officers Trace traces can be arrested at a dormitory in Khon Kaen Municipality. In the middle of the night, Col. Pairoj Thai Juju, Deputy Director of Khon Kaen Province, said that due to the police officers in the investigation and analysis of the Khon Kaen Province, Khon Kaen learned that Mr. Jesadakorn Or Dreammy, the accused and users of the Twitter application Have advertised, persuaded by the public for the general public to access video clips Record pornography into the system and computer data, which can be viewed via the OnlyFans website and via the line that the accused has established. With application fees as a member And watch the said video clip Both monthly, 234 baht per month, and throughout the member of the price of 590 baht, the investigation is clear that the said actions of the accused were violated in accordance with the law. Therefore collected evidence and requesting an arrest warrant to the court And the Khon Kaen Provincial Court approved an arrest warrant Before the police officers investigated and analyzed the crime of Khon Kaen Province, the arrest warrant was shown to arrest the accused in the middle of the night. Police Colonel Pairote said that the investigation of the accused confessed. that I have joined with 2-3 friends using a room in a dormitory in Khon Kaen Municipality, making a small production house. For filming a scolded video clip To be distributed in the said secret group Which will be filmed and edited the clip Before gradually uploading to the group before being distributed in the group There will be a short cut or video clip. To persuade or attract people interested By applying for membership By starting to do this for about 4 months since unemployment has no work Because of the situation of the Kovid-19 As for the money that the membership transferred the application fee, they will click to spend immediately. In the past, received about 100,000 baht
Revealed "M", the coach of 5 people on the boat. "Watermelon" sneaks silence.|The progress of the deaths of watermelon-Nida Patcharaweerapong after the police at Muang Nonthaburi police station. Set the allegations with all 5 people on the boat. Before expanding the results to "Mr M", who is behind the "coach", who advises the people on the boat that How to testify with the police, latest yesterday (5 April) Mr M traveled to meet the inquiry official. Muang Nonthaburi Police Station to acknowledge the allegations In the offense under Section 84, whoever causes others to commit an offense, regardless of the enforcement of hiring or instigation Or with any other way That person is a user to commit the second paragraph. Haven't done Or any other reason The user shall be punished only one third of the penalties set for the offense, including the offense under Section 172, who reported false messages regarding criminal offenses to the prosecutor's officer, the investigation officer. Or officials who have the power to investigate criminal cases Which may damage others or people Shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding 2 years or a fine not exceeding 40,000 baht or both And the offense under Section 184, who would help others not to be punished Or to be less punished, causing damage, damage, hidden, or causing loss or useless In which the evidence in the offense Shall be punished with imprisonment for no more than five years Or adjust not more than one hundred thousand baht Or both, and Mr M went to meet the inquiry official at Muang Nonthaburi police station In the afternoon yesterday Relying on the rhythm of the media army to wait for the news Front-Ichsarin Jutha Suksawat at the Nonthaburi District Court, however Police officers confirmed that Mr M has already acknowledged all the above. And do not allow the real name to reveal There is no information that Mr M has acknowledged the allegations. Have you filed a bail or was released?
urgent!The police arrested "the Blue Dragon Tame", Lawyer Ruda bail.Prepare to announce the facts|The police arrested "tame" CEO, the blue dragon, detained, Chaiyaphruek Police Station, Lawyer Rudi Prepare to clarify the facts today (6 April). It was reported that Mr. Seksaklok Atthawong or Rambo Isan, Assistant Minister of the Minister As the vice president of the sub -committee to solve the problem of selling the lottery over the price And as the head of the special set, the court approved the arrest warrant for the Blue Dragon Executive, the lottery charges charged with the public fraud. And bring false information into the computer system The police have detained for investigation at Chaiyaphruek Police Station. While checking with the lawyer team of Mr. Ananchai Chaiyadet, the lawyer of Anantachai In the process of applying for bail at Chaiyaphruek Police Station. There is a press conference to the media. In the event that the officers were invading the search at the Blue Dragon Company, as well as accusing that the Blue Dragon Company sells online lotteries over the price on March 25, 2022, resulting in the Blue Dragon Company being very damaged. The press conference at 10:00 am at the Blue Dragon Company Lottery, Headquarters, Ratchaphruek Road, Pak Kred District, Nonthaburi Province, but Mr Tam came to be arrested first. In which the lawyer team stated that he was in the process of submitting bail But if the insurance cannot be submitted in time Lawyer Ananchai Will be the press conference himself
"Blue Dragon Tam" set up a table to explain the lottery case over the price "Lawyer Bone Bone"|Mr. Ananchai Chaiyadej or a lawyer of the iron bone, along with the Tampachall Messiahporn, the authority of the Blue Lottery Company Limited, announced the facts to the media. And the whole country In the case of Mr. Seksakon Atthawong, Deputy Minister of the Minister President of the Sub -Committee on Solving Government Lottery Problems with Pol.Lt.Gen. As the vice president of the sub -committee and the media, the search warrant of the Criminal Court Invade the search at the Blue Dragon Lottery Company Limited and accused of selling online lotteries over the price. By collecting another service fee of 20-30 baht, which is the cause of expensive lotteries Until becoming famous throughout the country In addition, many branches of the company cause the company to be damaged in business operations. And the reputation of the company on March 25, by the Tampachall, said that in each draw The Government Lottery Office Will allocate 100 million lottery tallos into 2 systems, which are allocated to 31 million distributors for sale to Association/Organization/Foundation , Small people and the disabled. Part 2 will allocate 69 million pre-reservations for sale to Small registrar by receiving the lottery at the post office When the lotteries are allocated into both systems, there will be rights that are eligible. And without the rights in the quota of the lottery office Will sell the lotteries to small traders In order to be sold in various locations such as flea markets in front of the gas station, which is seen until familiar But the problems that occur, such as buyers, lottery numbers that are hard to buy If it is a lucky number, it will be carried by the seller. If not sold out, it is a burden that traders have to buy by themselves, resulting in losses. Assembled in the past several years Occupational -19 epidemic, people do not come out to buy lotteries. Because avoiding touch is the reason that the lottery is not sold out Causing small traders to experience a lot of losses. For this reason They therefore think of ways to reach lottery buyers by selling online. To facilitate both the buyer and the seller called "the Blue Dragon Platform" by the small seller, bringing the lottery in the hand to the blue dragon company to scan or take a picture to sell in the platform. When the scan is finished The blue dragon company will keep these lotteries in the safe. To prevent traders from selling lotteries to duplicate The said lottery is still the ownership of each seller. The Blue Dragon Company benefits as a lottery scanning for no more than 5 baht. When the lottery has been scanned. Will appear on the blue dragon platform Buyers can choose to buy the desired lottery number directly from the seller. Currently, there are more than 39,000 lottery sellers in the sky dragon platform. The seller determines the price. The buyer will choose to buy lotteries from any seller as satisfied. When the purchase is agreed successfully, the buyer will transfer the lottery tickets directly into the seller's bank account. Which the Blue Dragon Company is not involved in determining the lottery price, but the Blue Dragon Company will only receive a lottery stall rental And when the buyer agreed to buy any lottery That lottery will be eliminated immediately. Cannot be traded again In addition, when the lottery is won Online platform system will have an automatic SMS alert to buyers. As for the prize -ups, 2 ways can be able to get a lottery tickets that have been rewarded by the Blue Dragon Company without any service charges at all, or the Blue Dragon Company increases the prize money. And transfer money to the buyer Which the company Will charge the service at the rate of 2 percent Of the award -winning amount In this way, there are a lot of lottery buyers who won the service. The company would like to emphasize that the accusation of the Blue Dragon Company is the cause of the expensive lottery. Inevitably unfair to the company, because in the past, everyone already knew that According to the lottery panel at the entrance of the alley All sell the lottery More than the price together Which did not even pass the blue dragon platform
Snake!Secretary of the Minister of Justice pointed out the white cloth of the watermelon.|Catch the pontoon! The Secretary -General of the Ministry of Education stated that the white cloth in the hand "Bang Jack" is not the watermelon, specifying the rope, the waist is still stuck in the body. But the fabric that shows the media still has a rope stuck today (6 April) that Lieutenant Colonel Thanakrit Jit Arirat Secretary of the Minister of Justice Revealed the case of a claim from a person who found a white cloth with the waist of Miss Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or Watermelon Nida, who had previously said Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon MPs, list of Thai Sriwilai Party Call to notify the white cloth of the watermelon. Would like to ask the Ministry of Justice to investigate In which he informed that If sent to check, will check whether it is the same fabric or not. He sat and watched the live live of the MP. It appeared that there was a live with Bang Jack, who claimed that someone sent a white cloth that was expected to be a watermelon. When sitting and listening And saw the period when Jack took the fabric to try to extend the waist Makes you feel that Such fabric is not real. Because the rope that covers the jack is used to tie that waist The rope also tied the watermelon's body during the officer found the body. And the rope is still in the part that claims to be blood stains Shouldn't be Should be a new blood Because the fabric that is soaked in the water for a long time, the color will fade, and the fabric will appear with the Jack in the United States. How? He therefore would like to warn the people to use discretion in following up on the news. Do not believe in unnecessary things and fake things. Will create confusion for society
"Lawyer Decha" revealed "Mr M", the speed of the speedboxThe real profession is not a lawyer!|Lawyer Decha revealed "Mr M.", the manager of the speedbox gang that went to see the police yesterday. Real career is not a lawyer But is the owner of the restaurant today (6 April) Mr. Decha Kittiwittayanan Lawyer of Mae Taeng Water Revealed during the lives via Facebook page, the lawyer relieves suffering that Actually, "Mr M", the manager who met the police Muang Nonthaburi police station yesterday was not a lawyer. But is the owner of a restaurant Which helps to introduce people on the speedboat on the day of the incident and after the discussion ordered to delete the clip from the CCTV as well. Say a real name Or the restaurant name Because he was afraid that no one would eat at the said shop again While also emphasizing that There is no information. 99.9% or what is believed. 100%. Criticize the work of the police Beware of being prosecuted for defamation. In the case that the MP, Tae claimed that the waist of the watermelon's waist was found, Decha said that he was pleased with MP, which he asked to be a true relevant story. With watermelon cases If it is false, be careful, will be prosecuted and the worrisome is to talk to "Bang Jack", which states that the watermelon's mother will report the arrest of Mr Tum. Confirm that it is not true And deposited to Bang Jack to be careful with the words. Would like to leave the lawyer Krishna that the mother warned twice and do not allude to damage
The lawyer Tum warns the media, do not let the jack.Revealed that it was in every social media.|The lawyer Tum warns the media, do not let the jack. Revealed according to the LINE ING Messanger, plus MP, Tae pushed for a personal LINE again. I don't talk to people like this. "It is a waste of time" today (6 April) Facebook, the premium, Secretary -General of the Foundation, the lawyer team of Mr. Sitra Khwang, or lawyer, famous lawyer Posted a capture from a personal line screen It appears that the LINE user named Jack tried to call on 4 April and chat that "Elder, convenient, call." Even yesterday, trying to call again. And specify the message that "Be careful. The adults informed that he would attack the elder. "The lawyer Tum stated that" Thai media do not let the jack. Let the TV area The back will laugh. Bang Jack has tried to contact me, Line Official, IG, Messenger on the main page and the latest MPT (Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon MPs list The leader of the Thai Sri Wilai Party) pushed to let me go again. I don't talk to people like this. It wastes MPT. With the former lawyer, Ma Ma couldn't catch up with the crazy game Believe the information and go to live together again. #The descent will lose dogs It will make some society believe the deception that is created. In the past, he created a false deceitful story.
Santana Pud again!Revealing the final number VIP. Talk to Speed Boat.Behind the watermelon|Santana carried evidence of VIP phone number 2, given to the police to inspect Believe that there is a criminal person to talk to people on the speed boat, reporters reported that today (6 April) at 17.00 hrs. Bring the 2 major mobile phone numbers that have been discussed periodically between people on the speedboat and the agricultural person on land. After the famous female star, Nida, falling on the boat on February 24, 65, donated to the investigation officers to investigate at Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Expected charges of 5 people on the boat. Gave an interview that Is a coordination with Director of Mueang Nonthaburi Know that he is sick He therefore came to give additional additional cases of the watermelon case to bring the documents to the investigating officers because all the people on the boat were already accused. It is a case investigation. There are 2 issues that must be carried out. Will check the use of the phone of everyone. In the past, the inquiry official Said that they were not accused Therefore have not yet given the details Telephone number Because now everyone is accused Therefore coordinated the staff Inspect the phone number VIP, the punch. Talk about the witness objects and check the use of 3 phones. The 2 devices that they have in the process of being inspected or have not been checked in this 2 numbers at He brought to inspect Believe that there has not been any action before He had to investigate before the incident. While the boat is on the river Both before the incident at the scene and after the incident Because it is believed that there is a connection Believe that the boat has adjusted to the shore Because here they have more information and carefully check the GPS, must check the use of the phone while the boat cruise in the river. Because the number is linked to the people on the shore Telephone number or talk through the application Will have to check what to talk about. They will tell the last 4 of the VIP phone number. The VIP number 1 ends 4444 and the 2nd device. The end of 6666 is the last 4 that the phone number is the number. This is the part that he gave to the inquiry official. To help make a letter to the Metropolitan Police Station to inform the police station that he had already told him because he had already informed him to keep the witness objects He made a request to tell the inquiry official. But he cannot inform him Will give to him to receive these witnesses and do not want the police to send themselves Afraid that it will be edited and afraid to waste Because he has the right to refer to If he was checking it, it was his right. It is a reluctant action of the police. But if having a problem, then must ask the inquiry official and would like to tell Jack to stop speaking nonsense because it will go to jail Because if there is evidence outside the country, cannot be in the idiom But in his part, I said everything And in the idiom Here he is clear. As for those who say they are nonsense If he came to allusion, even though he would prosecute defamation There are some parts that they go to prosecute at Phahonyothin. If the telephone number of the people on the boat has a program to use Will specify that there will be all connections And will know who it is, but the VIP number will tell you all the positions Must make everything correctly He didn't call to check the number that was. Because it must be the duty of the staff The hotel size can still be closed. The phone number must be closed. The data collection must see where the witness object is. If the data is deleted, it will destroy the evidence. If he said everything, it would not have to be at the investigation officers within 5-7 days. Instead of knowing who it is Because now I can't hear all the witnesses He therefore had to bring this to speak in the investigation. If one day there is a living evidence, he will submit the case to investigate the new case. Will also know who is the coach If he spoke as though he had exposed him to escape Whether someone will dictate the upper or bottom level If there is a mention of him, he will all proceed to proceed. If there is something that is not, then tell directly. Not bringing other things into the idiom Causing him to not be able to close the case. As for the evidence he submitted, there was a CCTV Because he all kept the information And said that everyone, don't stop, come from social media, so bring it together If the inquiry official listens to him alone, it's not. Must come from many People who help each other will find the truth. They have evidence from the beginning, but they submit today because they are all accused. Therefore came out to proceed If confessing and the court punished, it will be an accident. The penalty rate will be set. If you dare to accept that it is a murder, who will dare to confess He followed every distance. Will give additional testimony today and the details of the VIP number
Keep an eye on the watermelon mother. Lawyer DechaSued many defamationReport the speed of speedbox|Lawyer Decha revealed that Mae Taeng water ordered to prosecute many defamation. Tomorrow (7 April) will prosecute more with the people on the boat today (6 April). Kittiwittayanan The famous lawyer revealed that Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin, the mother of Ms. Phattharathida (Nida), Patcharaweerapong or Dongmo, prosecuted to those who defammed. Many people, by lawyer Decha stated that "The lawyer relieved the suffering just received a phone call from Mae Pang Water. To prosecute many defamation people, expected to start sued within this week And next week, by gradually sued, so learned to know Juk Kru "and stated that "Tomorrow at 14.00 hrs., Lawyer Decha and Mae Nong Watermelon will travel to meet the investigative officers at the Investigation Division 1 to prosecute additional cases. #Watermelon must not die for free."
Lawyer TumBoth Fad Mongkol KittiFired, do not lie to the mediaRevealed to ask to share the post as well|Today (7 April 65) Mr. Sitra Pwang, the Secretary -General of the Foundation, the People's Lawyer Team Post a message via Facebook To Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon MPs, the Thai Srivilay list, said MP, Tee, lied to the media. Who said that he called to talk to me and told the children to chase or keep up with the game or compete with anyone And told me that I would like to provide justice for the people These words are all added to the media interview. MP Call me the first word. Say first, hey !! Did you say that you were in this media? (The tone of me). I was a garden. And then I told the story of Bang Jack to MP, Tae, to talk to each other for a long time Do not distort the media for people to misunderstand, do you remember that both calls and LINE find me many times, ask me to share my own posts. Tell me a lot of followers. Please share We are the same But I don't share I'm not stupid. Knowing what the intentions of MPs want to do with this case. Do not collect political popularity with this loss. It's not cool.
Thrilling in the middle of the city, the arm is 20 meters high, broken in the middle of the roof of the mall.|The arms of 20 meters high, broken in the middle of the mall in the middle of the city. After loading overweight, 1 person died, 1 injured, reporters reported that today (7 April) at 12.21 hrs. Pini was notified of a crash. Near the famous department store, Ratchadamri Road, Lumpini Subdistrict, Pathumwan District, Bangkok, therefore traveled to inspect with the Office of the Bangkok Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Office. And the probation officer at the top of the mall Which has been added as a hotel part Found a height of more than 20 meters. The crane arm folds down to the crane base. Officials blocked the area for safety. And found that there were 2 Myanmar workers in a serious condition being taken by the hospital to the nearby hospital. In the past, he heard something like a loud noise. Before finding that the arms used to lift the stuff, it was scary. Before the officers enter the area at the same time, people are not involved for basic safety, knowing that During the incident, workers were transported for construction. But expected that the arms were not able to support the weight Therefore causing the sling And the crane arm Until someone was injured-the said death The police are in the process of investigating the exact cause. Ready to interrogate the witness at the scene before proceeding with the next step. There was a news report reporting that about 6 months ago, there was a lack of crane. While lifting the plaster Until causing the machine to fall down the bottom floor Fortunately, at that time there was no injury. Or died
Mother-Lawyer Decha added more "Thermos" destroyed evidence, with evidence of negative images in the mobile phone.|Mae Taeng-Lawyer Decha Give additional testimony In order to report the charges of destroying the film with a secret to delete the picture in the phone, not fascinated by Po-Robert after confirming to take care of the reporter mother reported that today (7 April), Mrs. Phanida Sirayutyothin, the mother of the watermelon Da Patcharaweerapong, along with Mr. Decha Kittiwittayanan As the lawyer of Mrs. Phanida Meet the inquiry official At the Provincial Police Investigation Division 1 to give additional testimony in the case of prosecution Miss Ichsarin Jutha Suksawat or a watermelon manager, which is 1 in 5 people on the boat. In the offense of destroying evidence According to the Criminal Code, Section 184, which states that anyone in order to help others not to be punished Or to be less punished, causing damage, damage, hidden, or causing loss or useless In which the evidence in the offense Shall be punished with imprisonment for no more than five years Or adjust not more than one hundred thousand baht Or both and adjusting Mr Decha revealed that the prosecution of the charges with the bottle There is evidence indicating that Have deleted pictures from real mobile phones Which is still not sure if it is a mobile phone of the watermelon or the bottle, must wait inquire about the inquiry official, but he believes that the inquiry official should have further prosecution on this charge with the person on the boat, such as leaving bottles and wine cups into the middle. Chao Phraya River Which does not mean that you have to leave by yourself to be prosecuted At the discretion of the inquiry official to proceed in the case of why the investigative officers are not able to report other allegations. With the people on that boat Have to wait after giving a testimony before knowing the reason But believe that the officers already have complete evidence. Mrs. Phanida revealed that she has confidence in the judicial process. Because the case has been done quite a lot And not worried about the work of the inquiry official. Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon or MP, Tae, list and leader of the Thai Sriwilai Party Revealing the story that Bang Jack brought the fabric that claimed to be the watermelon's fabric. Which I personally feel funny And do not believe that Is a real watermelon cloth, with a talk with Mr. Mongkol Kitti about this If Mr. Mongkol Kit will proceed to find additional evidence of this case, it can be done. Because before Bang Jack tried to call In order to secretly record and edit in social media Without ever requesting permission before Personally confirmed that Would like to prosecute those who comment and curse In social media Causing damage as well Previously, 2 social media users contacted to apologize. Mrs. Phanida Also said that There is a conversation with Mr Naphat Lertthaweewit or Po and Mr. Paiboon. Tri Kanchananan or Robert, both of whom confirmed that Has confessed to the inquiry official Which both that both confessed It was as previously released to the news to the media. That insists to take care of the mother Therefore not fascinated with both of them anymore
Open the heart of the husband, the former child, the prosecutor rehearsed until the latest depression is attacked in front of the 5 -year -old child.|Phai Wan Point took the girl to be a husband, Taekwondo athlete. And the former prosecutor's child Slap the body Report the police And follow the progress of the old case today (7 April) Mr. Phai Lick or Phaiwan Point, MP, Thai Economic Party Take the victim of the woman who appears in the video clip that the husband Which is the son of the former prosecutor, assault until injured Reported to the Sutthisan police investigation officer, as well as following up the progress of the old case that the injured person said that the incident occurred on Sunday 3 April, after taking depression medication. Causing dizziness Because it is a sleeping pill After that, the husband invited him to quarrel. And followed up to assault in the bedroom Which has a 5 year old child in the event Until the nose was broken There are many bruises on the body. And torn wounds in the right ring finger Therefore decided to report Have been married for 5 years and by the husband is a black Taekwondo athlete in the beginning, without physical assault Until the end of the year 2020, the husband began to attack the body. And there is a problem with the unfaithful man Until there is a quarrel And decided to separate from the house Before the husband's mother asked to come back to take care of all 3 children as the mother of the child By separating the bedroom But still being attacked The three children are still under the care of the victims. The victim also says that he has depression Because partly caused by the assault of the husband Because the husband is not happy to go to treat And said that he was not suffering from depression and thinking by himself. In addition, the man also threatened not to report And will hurt the body to death Which I personally feel worried about the child Due to the care of the man while Mr Phai revealed that the initial does not want the victim to reveal more Because he knew that the man had also reported about the female physical assault Which is considered as a female protection, but if looking at the video clip It is obvious that the woman was heavily assaulted. And would like to ask the inquiry official To the latest incident There was a notification to the police at the scene of the incident but did not detain the man to investigate later at 16.00 hrs. After meeting the inquiry official for more than 2 hours, Mr. Phai Lick or Phaiwan Point, MP, Economic Party Thailand revealed that in the case of the case, the police have prosecuted for assault with the husband of the victim, the victim wants to divorce the husband. Will help gather evidence and help to take care of the rights to the utmost Because he didn't want this event to happen again As for the safety of the victims, they will do their best. But not blocking if the victim has changed his mind and wanted to reconcile with her husband and stated since the opening of the complaint center, the party is ready to help everyone, whether as a child Women or old people Can ask for help in the party Will help to be as fair as the victims as much as possible. And I still do not know why there is no progress But from today, it is ready to start again in the victim, stating that personally do not know about the law, must consult with MP Phai to come to help. Admit that I want to meet a lot of children Since the intersection did not dare to return to the husband's house because he was afraid of being attacked. However, must go to collect things in the room But still not this period because I don't want my children to see their own wounds. After this will try to solve the problem but will affect the child as little as possible. The most worried thing is not to meet children. As for the past husband, he had never attacked and slapped the child like he did to himself.
The young trainer was shocked by gay customers in the orange juice.Sip for half a bottle, faint for 2 days.|The young trainer has reported. After posting a warning Being poisoned by gay customers in orange juice Sip for half a bottle, faint for 2 days. Facebook user PakPisit Saykrasoon has posted a warning story of the trainer together. To be an example when accepting a trend for customers at home, be careful, stating that "This post will summarize the issue #Warning the trainer being poisoned Someone contacted the new trend. Phutthabucha area, which is a total of 3 times / 2, the first time at the fitness center of the hotel in Silom. Didn't have any problems I was quite safe, not drinking the water that the customer gave. Plus customers aged 50 and should not be able to do anything to us In addition to medication, more than 50 types, not taking care of yourself, not less than 50 exercise. Can you imagine? The strength is different. The 3rd trend (must first say that I normally think of the course 10 or more, but the new customers can train 3 times, paying on a previous time. Think that the trend is ok to buy as a course). He probably thinks that there is a last chance to get Because of this kind of place Travel far from Ladprao to Phutthabucha I will charge 1,000 baht for the trend of 2,000 baht. Train can be reached 2 hours. Summary of the trend and fall at 3,000 baht at a time. Once he arrived, he placed a bottle of juice for me to drink. Which I saw that it had a plastic cover But it doesn't look quite complete Once the plastic sheep are removed Then twist the lid, there is no sound from opening the lid Causing me to not dare to eat Just make a drink After the trend was finished, I picked up the water with curiosity from various behavior. Who felt that this trend was strange Back to my home, so I tried to drink. Drinking only half a bottle passed for 15 minutes. Symptoms like a drunken world shaking back and forth. Like a drunken person who couldn't get up and got LINE to find a girlfriend that was poisoned And then we fell asleep Without knowing it again I think I'm strong. But found like this to fall asleep for 2 days (24 hours). To check for normal blood, the customers who call to train in the house The house is quite large. And there is a fitness room But this small house In addition, dressing is not quite appropriate. So we wondered And especially careful Meaning not racist Normally, if a small house, he will leave the center of the village. Not coming out in a house like this Many things are very suspicious. So I was especially careful. I always thought that men like us were still afraid of psychopaths. Then count what language to women Therefore want to be careful of both men and women Personally, I found a lot of psychopaths. The raising of money is a hundred thousand. They are still okay than they are honest. Not a psychopath that is poisoned by other people like this But before I never accepted No need to contact. "Latest Reporters reported that today (7 April) at 15.00 hrs. Traveled to report that Rat Burana Police Station, from the inquiry, Ms. Nichakorn, 31, the injured girlfriend said that the day of the incident, he was already working. The girlfriend called to say that he was poisoned. But he was not suspicious Because he thought that he was joking in order to return home quickly. There are some that have to go out to train at home. But this trainee did not know at all That day, when he returned home, he saw him sleeping with a snoring sound like a normal sleep. So he didn't doubt anything. Then he will wake up at 11 o'clock, he will wake up at 10 o'clock and see him sleeping in the mouth I don't know if other people are. He also filmed a clip to tease when waking up, but when the clock awakened in the afternoon 2, he still didn't get up because he would set him up to send him to work. Now he went to see no snoring. Began to suspect and called the car to the hospital Let his mother go instead because they hurried to work Once he arrived at the hospital around Sukhumvit He couldn't check the lab because there was no examination room. If you have to go to the police hospital, then call to ask the mother how it is. Eat and vomit out. The first day that I got to eat and vomit. Sleep and wake up, dizzy, then lie down That day, calling to talk, talk, do not know about it. Would like to say that The trainee will have to buy food, drinking water to leave the trainer. Please be careful. Because some people only know for a few days, they may think badly to us. Be careful.
Shock in the middle of the famous mallThe young man used a knife to stab the girl until he died.No one dared to prohibit|Former ex -girlfriend jealous Not successful Pick up the sharp knife Stabbing in front of the person's eyes In the middle of the famous Bangna area, the reporter reported that today (7 April) at 11:30 am, police officers in Bang Kaew Police Station, Samut Prakan Province Was notified of stabbing There are deaths Inside a famous department store in Bang Phli District, a picture from the CCTV of the mall. Can record While the red shirt man walked into the booth in the mall Before climbing across the product showcase to the woman inside the booth Before the woman ran away from the booth With the hem chasing after Before acting on the incident, the body was found. Miss Marie, 34, Cambodian, lying on his back, died in the counter, paying the mall between Channel 6 and 7, with a pierced wound. Above the left 1 wound above the right milk, 2 wounds, 1 left, 1 right arm wound, 1 left arm wound and 2 left thighs, total 8 wounds near each other. floor The officer then kept it as evidence. While blocking the area to protect the scene As for the culprit, he later learned the name. Witnesses who saw the event Told the thrilling minute that While the deceased was working at the ex -ex -girlfriend shop, he entered the shop trying to reconcile. But the deceased didn't talk to Causing the man to climb the shop The deceased ran away from the shop. The man ran and chased until it was in time. And pushed the woman down before pulling the knife that was prepared to stab In front of many people's eyes But no one dared to go in and forbid it until he couldn't bear to see Therefore decided to ask for help from other male employees Charge the arrest of the culprit And found that the deceased was about to lose his heart Therefore hurried to inform the mall to help, but found that he died. After that, the deceased asked to break up with himself. Because he could not accept that he had taken drugs and drinking heavily Which once broke up I have a new person. But still calling to talk to the deceased And used to prohibit that there was no new person until later, he learned that the deceased had been dating a junior who had worked together with himself, so it could not be accepted Claiming to be like being prestigious Therefore called the man to stop messing with the deceased But the man said that he would come to pick up the dead at work today He therefore did not allow the man to come and decide to buy a bottle of alcohol. Then prepared a knife, a waist, traveled to the dead To reconcile and not to meet the man But the deceased refused to talk to him and decided to act on the said incident. This accused also admitted that he had just been punished. The case is trying to kill the ex -girlfriend. Because of jealousy as well Until the punishment came out, then came to date the deceased and then acted on the said incident The younger brother of the deceased said that 4 sisters and sisters have come to find a legally in Thailand for over a year. In the past, I learned that my sister had been dating the accused. I have never talked to the accused. But the older sister once complained that the accused was bad Therefore wanted to break up until he knew that the older sister had to break up with the accused Until there are new people In which the accused himself has a new person as well But why do you have to kill their older sisters? The children of all 4 sisters will live, while Col. Mongkol On Kaew, Director of Bang Kaew Police Station, revealed that initially Mr Chanawan testified. Confessed that the actual cause Officials therefore reported the allegations. Kill others intentionally And from the examination of the history of the accused, it was found that he had just been punished in 2019 in the offense of trying to kill. The dead body was given to the Foundation staff to send autopsy at the National Forensic Service.
Oh my father?The police revealed the VIP number, ending 4444 and 6666, namely Por Talking to his subordinates.|The police revealed the VIP phone number, ending with the number 4444 and 6666 at "Santana". Invasion of the evidence is a mobile phone number that ends with the number 4444 and 6666, which Mr. Santana claims to be a mobile phone number of VIP, who has a contact with the people on the boat in some events that Mr. San Thana thinks that it is involved in the cause of the death of watermelon, Nida, the actress, the latest today (7 April), the news source that the police confirmed that the evidence of the telephone number ends with 4444 and 6666 at you. Santhana brought to be submitted to the number 6666, which is the number of Mr. Nuphat Lertthaweewit or Por. The mobile number that ends with 444 is the mobile number of the company employees. In which the police officers resolve the case, seized all 5 mobile phones on a speedboat after the incident, checking all the contacts, so the phone number or contact on mobile phones The police have collected all the investigations. But not revealed Causing Mr. Santana to misunderstand that the police have not yet checked all the phone numbers
Invaded "Bandan Doctor", a beauty clinicInitially, there were 8 stars who were victims.|Department of Health Service Support Sonthi, police force, invaded the anesthetic doctor. Impersonate as a honors doctor Come to smuggle beauty services in the Sriwara Clinic Ordered the whole doctor to blame And ordered to close the clinic for 30 days immediately. Initially, there were 8 stars becoming victims today (7 April 2022) at the Phanuwat Pantaket Suppression Division, Deputy Director -General of the Department of Health Service Support (Department of Sor. Gave an interview that according to the Department of SorBorSor. Has been coordinated by the Sub -Division 4, the Crime Suppression Division regarding consumer protection (PACC) that the clues were found to be a doctor. Come to provide beauty services such as filler injections or botox in a clinic in Sriwara area, Phlapphla Subdistrict, Wang Thonglang District, Bangkok, which is a risk of affecting health. The body of the people to the point of disability or death. The director of the Director -General of the Department of SorBorSor. Immediately proceed to investigate the above cases. From the online clinic online inspection Found an advertisement to the doctor named Dr. Thanakorn (reserved surname), then examined the information to the Medical Council whether the said person is a doctor who has been registered legally or not. Which received the information back that there was no list of Dr. Thanakorn in any way The SorBorSor. Therefore, the initial assumptions that The said person is an illegal doctor. Staff Therefore, Sonthi is with the police to inspect the clinic area, with Mr Thanakorn being providing people to preserve the people within the clinic. The police then detained and inquired about the facts. In which Mr Thanakorn accepted that he was impersonating a doctor who received a honors degree from a famous state university In order to provide beauty services at the said clinic Therefore charged with 3 preliminary offenders, namely As for the clinic that accepted this illegal doctor, the Department of SorBorSor. There was an administrative order to temporarily close the hospital for 30 days in order to improve the standards as required by law. Along with reporting the illegal act under the Hospital Act 1998 and the doctor who operates the clinic In the base, ignoring other people who are not doctors to serve in the hospital There will be an expansion of the inspection of the clinic advertisement that the approval Or have false content Or boasting or not? If the offense is found, the legal proceedings will be prosecuted. Dr. Panuwat Added that the Department of SorBorSor. Emphasize all private hospitals, whether private hospitals or clinics, must be strict in screening personnel In the event that the hospital is found to have a non -professional person to serve in the hospital In addition to having a penalty with the offender The medical operator himself must also be punished according to the law. Will come to claim that I can't see Because all types of services of hospitals are related to the health and life of clients. Therefore must always be aware of the importance of service quality If any people see or know the clues of the adult doctor Can be informed at the Department of Sor Sor Sor. Tel. 1426 to proceed according to the law. There will be no omission at all, while there are reports from the Crime Suppression Division that Initially, there were 8 stars of this "illegal doctor".
Sad .. 14 -year -old daughter plans for a 16 -year -old boyfriend to kill her mother.Because the mother discourages love|At 22.00 hrs. On April 7, 2022, Pol. Col. Uthit Phasawat, Inspector of Investigation, Bang Phli Police Station, Samut Prakan was informed. There are injuries and deaths. The generosity project, Kachon Wit, Bang Phli Yai Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan after being notified, along with the investigative officers Bang Phli Police Station and Por Tek Tung Foundation staff Traveled to investigate the incident at the front of the building 39, the Foundation staff led Mr. Kitti, 23 years old, injured There is a sharp wound, stabbing in the ear area, 1 wound, 2 wounds and many other fronts. While the foundation staff wound on the car Told reporters that He sat in front of the building. When he heard the cry, he rushed to the room. But his sister tried to push him into the room Fortunately, the door poem has not been repaired. He therefore uses the pressure. Saw her own mother being Mr. B (a hypothetical name) Using a knife He therefore tried to help his mother. But he was hit by Mr. B. Stab as well Therefore rushed out to ask for help outside After first aid, officials will bring Mr. Kitti. Send to Bang Na 5 Hospital on the floor 1 in front of the incident, found Mr. B (a hypothetical name), 16 years old, sitting in a clothing condition And blood stains Inside the room, found the body of Miss Jirapha, 53, lying on his back in front of the bathroom. There are sharp wounds stabbed into the left cheeks, 2 wounds, 1 right wound, throat, 3 wounds, and the occipital 1 wound, a total of 7 wounds near each other. Fell to the floor The officer then kept it as evidence. The room also found a girl A (a hypothetical) aged 14 years old, being investigated by the police. By confessing And staying to wait for him to escape from the inquiry. Mr Bee, the culprit, confessed that the girl A, a girlfriend, has planned her to come to kill the mother. When he arrived at the building Went to sit and wait at the field ahead The girl, Eok, came to tell the plan to listen by the girl A. Go into the room first to divert attention. And let him sneak into the kitchen and pick up the knife When the rhythm of the girl A Will give the signal He stabbed many of his girlfriend's mother. She and the girl A is ready to receive the wrong thing to do because she and the girl A Want to be together But the mother discouraged from dating Sometimes things do too much. Until sometimes the girl can't accept Causing him to decide to do this. He was the planner for his girlfriend to kill his mother. Claiming that he had mental symptoms falling, he could not stop anything. When this symptom was aggravated, Mrs. Porn Borom was 49 years old. The room next to him said that she heard 3-4 rounds of help, but he was not sure. Because he couldn't hear clearly But when the dead son opened the door Shouting for help He went out to see the person who committed the crime, pulled the pants of the injured. The injured person asked him to help his mother too. The cause of the crime then walked out of the knife and stabbed the injured repeatedly. So he asked the cause of what to do. The crime person told him to catch him. He then called the police after the doctor on duty. Police officers and volunteers were surrounded by the girl A, who committed the crime to take to Bang Phli police station, while bringing out from the room to get in the car, found that a number of villagers invaded to attack the creator. Incident Causing the misery of the animation to be injured Before hurrying to walk into the officer's car As for Mr. B Officials decided to take out behind the building. To avoid being punished by the villagers But while walking into the car There was a number of villagers seen, so he rushed to get in the car parked in front. Before the officers drove out. Initially, the officers detained both the culprit at Bang Phli police station to wait for the multidisciplinary officers to participate in the interrogation of both the culprit again. To proceed with the law The body of the deceased was given to the Foundation staff to send autopsy at the National Forensic Service.
"Lawyer M" explained not the managerNot M, who was chargedBut the speedboat had actually contacted|From the case of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Set the allegations with the 5 people in the boat in the case of the death of watermelon-Nida Patcharaweerapong. And expanded the results to "Mr M", who was behind the "coach" who advised the people on the boat that How to testify to the police? On April 5, Mr M traveled to meet the inquiry official. Muang Nonthaburi police station to acknowledge the allegations. After that, there are many news that This MM is a lawyer, causing many people to misunderstand that those who are prosecuted are "Lawyer M" until the lawyer of Mae Decha's lawyer Revealed that "Mr M", the manager who met the police Muang Nonthaburi police station yesterday was not a lawyer. But is the owner of a restaurant that helps to introduce people on the speed boat on the day of the incident and after the discussion ordered to delete the clip from the CCTV as well. "Mr M" was reported 3 charges. Including the incident, causing the real lawyer M. Anucha Petchsiri, a lawyer who was misunderstood as a coach for a group of people on the boat Have to come out to post, clarify that he is not the person who is the coach as was misunderstood But the said group had actually contacted to ask for advice on the lawsuit. But did not hire himself in any way In which the message stated that all the positions: as shown in the news that the person named M is the consultant for the speedboat group Not me, because on February 25, 2022, from 09.00-12.00, I was investigating the witness at the Criminal Court. In the drug case at the Ratchada Criminal Court (according to my photos in the bathroom of the Criminal Court And a copy of the court proceedings ) But on that day, around two o'clock in the afternoon I was contacted as a lawyer. In order to actually listen to the facts in the said watermelon case (Life of the lawyer We still don't know who's right. But when he trusts me I, as a lawyer, went to a normal profession). When I finished the witness from the Criminal Court So I just stopped by to hear what it was. (Because I only work I don't have time to watch the news.) But when I give advice as a lawyer, finally, when I don't ask for news Or may not be the same opinion So I cancel me. And then they went to find a new lawyer Which should have many people Until he went to see the police again at overpalling As shown in the news Which I didn't go to join in any way Because it has nothing to do with me I didn't receive even one baht. And never agreed to be a lawyer for even one speedboat group, but later, I would have to make a case I didn't do it anymore. (Lose dignity 55) I have testified as a witness to the investigating officer in the said case. Even if the police didn't have a subpoena at all, just call me, then I went (give the testimony only). As for yesterday, there was a person named "M" to acknowledge the allegations. It's not me. According to the medical certificate) From March 29 - April 7, 65, I still can't go anywhere ... so I would like to clarify here. Lawyer M (just M But give only legal advice) 6 April 65
Opened the daughter. 14 ordered the boyfriend to kill the mother, resentment, being scolded when he wanted to encourage.|Opening the third daughter, 14 faces, not stressed, not sad after ordering the boyfriend to kill his mother. Resentful, the mother scolds since childhood. The eldest son shouted. The mother saw the mother stabbed from the event of a shocking incident with a 14 -year -old daughter with a 16 -year -old boyfriend planning to kill his own true mother. Inside the room of the 39th building Bang Phli Yai Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province In the middle of the night, the CCTV at the entrance of the Eua Arthorn project at 18.00 hrs. Of the day of the incident. Able to capture a 16 -year -old male teenager walking into the village alone After that, sit and wait at the Futsal field. Which was a picture before the killing of Miss Jirapha, 53 years old until he died and stabbed Mr. Kitti, 23 years old Latest injury (8 April 65) Pol.Lt.Col. In order to speed up the phrase of the Youth Court for the first time by today After the test of the girl, Er, I will bring Mr. B (a hypothetical) aged 16 years to interrogate as well. A girl There is a smooth face that is not stress in any way. By A girl Revealed in the mind after the story Which she claimed to be because of the mind Accepting as a plan for the boyfriend to kill his mother By just planning yesterday He called to make an appointment with his boyfriend to kill his mother. The boyfriend then traveled to the room today. As for the reason she did, she said that he was from anger, her mother who scolded her from young to growing up. Sometimes she needs encouragement But was aggravated Until becoming a suppression and resentment, then decided to take action. In this time, Samut Prakan Provincial Justice officials traveled to Bang Phli police station to follow this case and clarify the rights with Mr. Kitti, 23 years old, the brother of the girl A. Injured There are many wounds on the neck and body, which after the doctor held and examined the physical examination, it was allowed to come back to stay at home. Traveled to Bang Phli police station with relatives In order to prepare to receive the body of the mother to return to his hometown in Chiang Mai. Mr Kitti said that while he was sleeping in the room Then heard the cry and sound like a fight Therefore will open the door but can't open because there are people blocking the outside door Until he pulled the door until it opened, and the first picture was that the criminal was using a knife to stab the mother And the mother tried to fight and therefore stabbed many times He tried to help the mother, so the criminal turned to be stabbed to the point of injury. When he was stabbed by a knife, the knife was stabbed and stabbed in, not deep and not the important point. Now shocking with the incident While the niece of the deceased Said that the deceased was a very good person The fierce of the children because of love and worried about children The incident was also shocked and even more. The more I can't accept Now, even the name doesn't want to hear. And today will come to pick up the body of the deceased back to perform merit at his hometown Chiang Mai Province
MP, Tae, did not retreat to find evidence of watermelon cases.Collect water-sand samplesNear the boat fall|MP, Tae, did not retreat to find evidence of watermelon cases. Collecting water-sand samples in the Chao Phraya River Near the end of the boat (8 Apr 65) at 15.00 hrs. The leader of the Thai Sivilai Party and Mr. Krishna Sri Bunpimngseng Lawyer as a party's advisor Bring the diving diver to collect water samples and sand under the Chao Phraya River. In the area of the Bang Kruai canal And the Yidss Nan Mosque Which is located on the opposite side Before being examined to compare with the water and sand sediment in the watermelon's body Nida, Mr. Mongkol Kit, said that today came to collect samples of water under the water surface with sediment. In the area where the watermelon is expected to die According to the assumptions of all 5 people on the speedboat that informs the coordinates in GPS At approximately 22.34 hrs. And 22.40 hrs. With a depth of approximately 6 meters and another point that he assumed to be the floodgate area Which is about 7 meters deep, because the body of the watermelon has sand and sediment Will bring the water today to check that there is density And the resolution of the sand whether or not From now on, the information will be taken to the meeting again. But has given some information to the Department of Special Investigation (DSI). As for the water today Has coordinated the Ministry of Justice to check Which the mission today Will find the point where the watermelon dies Because the police have not tested in this regard, Mr Mongkol Kit said that this evening will go to talk to the Mr. Sitra premium or lawyer Tum, which we have the same goal. Meaning justice with the watermelon case Therefore have to answer the question of what the watermelon dies, where, where to meet Mr Tum is considered good Considered to be reinforced to help many The closest side for the truth for Bang Jack. That will bring the shawl that is claimed to be the watermelon Talked to Mr Tum We got evidence and then forwarded. And we find other evidence Because there are many teams helping each other Therefore believe that there is no problem for the lawyer Kittiwittayanan Will gather evidence to sue Mr. Genius Rueang Rattanaphong In this case It's a matter of both He did not interfere with the lawyer Krishna said that we were carefully worked. Because the data must be filtered first He coordinated with Mr. Mongkol Kit almost every second, now has a reasonable progress. Which he, as the leader of the law, has always emphasized that we will not believe any evidence until 100% proven
The police revealed the Timeline, daughter. 14, plan to kill the mother, boyfriend 16, apologize to claiming an evil mood.|The police revealed the Timeline, daughter. 14, plan to kill the mother, pressured, dating his girlfriend and failed 5 subjects to escape to the male house. But the mother followed back and seized the phone (8 April 65). In the past noon, the investigative officers and police officers of Bang Phli police station detained a 14 -year -old girl and a 16 -year -old young man, two accused. Kill the woman's mother and jointly try to kill the female brother The officers detained out of the prison room in Bang Phli police station to board the jail car to the Juvenile and Family Court in Samut Prakan Province. To ask for the power of the court to deposit the first stir fry With the father of the 16 -year -old young man who traveled to meet his son at Bang Phli police station. Came to get in the car, sent to the youth court by the father of the young man Revealed that He never knew that both of them were together. Until about 3 days ago, the son asked him to pick up the woman. By claiming to ask for permission from the female family I saw that my child was loved by a woman. And normally are the people as you wish Therefore traveled to pick up the woman at the room in the afternoon of April 5, without meeting the female family After about 9 pm, it appears that the mother and the female brother followed. By making an appointment to talk at a temple Which the female mother insists on not allowing her daughter to live with her son And will prosecute his son, charged with a minor, but he asked by saying that he would allow his son to stop dating Which at that time observed both children Looks obviously But didn't think that he would think of this kind of cause after the incident Talked to his son by phone Which he comforted that it was fine, but had not yet talked about the true reason Personally, I still believe that the child did because of love for the woman. And the son said that the woman was the planner See that it must be appropriate to think about both sides As for the son claiming to have mental symptoms But not a child with a violent emotion And not addicted to the 16 -year -old youth game. By revealing that I'm sorry And apologize to parents too What was done by a short -term mood Which she was too angry that the mother was discouraged who would not allow each other to be associated. Col. Viroj Cutso, Ph.D., Bang Phli Police Station, revealed that the cause is probably from the misunderstanding of the child to the parents. The cause of this caused by Two children are fans. In which the girl is studying in grade 2, while the boy is studying in grade 4, schools in Bang Phli District Due to the situation of orbids from children who have studied well When studying online Most of the time used to call and talk, making the learning bad until the results of the study fall. The girl failed the 5 subjects. Parents scolded. As a parent Girls do not understand. Makes it feel like being pressured Was absent -minded Then made an appointment for the boy to come out of the house, which was to collect clothes from the house to the boy's house. And call to go home Let the girl talk at home Once he was pressured, the boy brought the girl back. When sending the parents of the girl, the phone seized the phone. And scolding and saying that he was still a child Do not be dating until causing to lose school. Hold the phone To study It appears that girls do not understand. Once the boy returned The girl went to find the phone until By using your own old phone And then create a new Facebook Then chat to talk to the boy Which the text in the chat is a relatively severe message Have an appointment to meet Which he would not say Request in the case In summary, the appointment was shown in the news, which was an appointment to meet last night. The girl is all planning. Meaning to do this, do this, do that, then when it's time The girl made it out. Open the door for the boy to enter the room. And then during the rhythm of the girls' parents Inadvertently using a knife to cause many wounds As shown in the news. When the brother woke up, he would help. The girl still tried to push the door not coming in. But can't fight hard Can come in The boy stabbed the girl's brother. Until injured When the patrol reached the scene, he detained. From the preliminary inquiry, the cause is likely to be understood. disappoint And did not understand the concern of parents Therefore causing the occurrence of this tragedy from a child who does not have a mental depression or any symptoms Because as far as talking to the parents of the boy You are quite good at school. As for girls Usually study well But because it may not be divided into time, but come to sit and chat Because of the problem of chopping, making it difficult to come to each other And during online studying again Rarely studying but talking to each other Until causing the grade to fall
The lawyer M appeared another person in Nakhon Phanom.Report the famous news anchorUse the wrong picture to put the news page.|On April 8, 2022, at Muang Nakhon Phanom Police Station, Mr. Rapong Punyawarusiri or M, aged 49, a lawyer. Currently working at the lawyer office in Mak Khaeng Subdistrict, Mueang District, Udon Thani Province, brought the documents to meet Capt. Muang Nakhon Phanom Police Station to accuse Mr Kanokrat Wongsakul and Mr. Theera Thanyapaiboon, a famous news anchor, a television station, based on the offense of the Computer Act by advertising with drawing documents. Coloring movies, images, or characters that make it appear in any way, records, or sound recordings, recording or by doing other methods. By bringing the message in front of the program that the lawyer M, the manager of the boat About Nong Watermelon case As news With the image Lawyer M, published in the media But is a lawyer M different. The picture shows in the news content is a picture of Mr. Rapong Punyawarusiri, but with the same nickname, lawyer M. believes that the information is taken from Facebook. The information was published on April 5, 2022, after having a fan club that followed the watermelon case. Come to comment In the way of deterioration, the tour causes damage to yourself and your family. And affect the lawyer Therefore have to come out to report the complaint Prosecution of both people, as well as complaints for fairness through the media. To clarify the facts That he was not involved in the case of Nong Watermelon Just have a lawyer And has the same nickname M. M., Mr. M, who is the news, Mr. Rapong Punyawarusiri, or a 49 -year -old M. revealed that he has been a lawyer for over 24 years in this period to do the case. To the client in the area of Nakhon Phanom province until April 5, 2022, became a famous lawyer M in the watermelon case overnight. After the two news anchor, the famous program, Mr. Kanokrat Wongsakul and Mr Theera Thanyapaiboon, a famous news anchor, a television channel Take pictures of their photos In the grade of the lawyer That is on personal Facebook To be linked That is a lawyer M Which is the news of the manager to help the accused in the watermelon case Despite being a different person But with the same nickname, lawyer M, after the news Affecting oneself and his family, causing people to comment in a bad way Affecting the lawyer Which is a misunderstanding He therefore came out to clarify the facts through the media. Including reporting the prosecution in accordance with the Computer Act That has published false information Including tens of thousands of negligence with advertising Because if left to believe that it will definitely affect the lawyer And would like both news anchors Out to clarify the information Because the tour is currently on social media In personal Facebook There are millions of people coming to comment on the way. However, he will gather evidence. In order to proceed with civil offenses Would like to have the facts before being published And asked to come out urgently Which in the said case As a lawyer, the belief that Is guilty of both civil and criminal
Myanmar sent "covering the pattern", a multinational drug dealer returned to Thailand. It used to help "Sour sliced the body" to escape.|Myanmar sent the "covering the pattern", a large drug dealer back to Thailand. Instead, the person who helped sour the accused to kill the body. Escape in the year 60 today (8 April) at the Saphan 2 checkpoint, Mae Sai District, Chiang Rai Province. Reporters reported that Officials representatives Related of Myanmar Detained Mr Thawatchai Om Chomphu or Bang Lai, an important drug case accused That the Thai authorities want to deliver to Pol.Lt.Gen. Sarayut Sanguanphokai, Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission, together with the police officers of the NACC. Area Takilek Province Myanmar Not long ago, for Mr Thawatchai or Bang Lai, is considered an important drug case. That the police officers of the NACC need to be very much Because it is a large drug dealer Arranged at the command level There are many networks in the southern region that are involved in many drugs. That smuggled from Myanmar Distributed in the area of Phatthalung province and many provinces in the southern region Including the circumstances to procure a large drug conveyor team For other groups of drug owners from Myanmar Through the Thai area to transport to the third country, which Mr Thawatchai will move in Takilek Province Myanmar In addition, Mr Thawatchai or Bang Lai is considered another important character who helped Ms. Priyanuch or Siao Non Wangchai, 22 years old with the accused of jointly killing the body. Warisara Klin Chui or Am, 22 years old in Khao Suan Kwang District, Khon Kaen Province, which became a loud news in 2017 while fleeing to hide in the area. Takyli province before Ms. Priyanuch and they will be arrested by Myanmar authorities and sending them back to Thailand. Later, Pol. Maj. Gen. Sarayut Sanguanphokai, Commander in Chief of the NCPO, revealed that Mr Thawatchai or Bang Lai is a large drug dealer who was issued by the NCC. 2 cases: 1. Arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 540/2563 dated December 1, 2020, the offense "together with drugs and conspiracy". 575/2563 Down on December 21, 2020, the offense "together with drugs, conspiracy and money laundering". The case of the NACC 4, Bor.Chor. Opened to defeat Pairi Clear the arrest of the network And able to seize the assets of the network in many items, worth over 100 million baht and the accused in which the CRES. With coordination to follow and arrest all the time Until the Myanmar was able to arrest the pattern in the end, after receiving the body, it will take the pattern to prosecute at the NACC, which will have to investigate the results to prosecute the network network. This is all And will continue to take measures to seize people involved in this network
The son invites the mother's spirit.The 14 -year -old daughter planned to kill the event.|The son invites the mother's spirit. The 14 -year -old daughter planned to kill the event. Fired on the day of the incident, if the other father did not send the child My mother would not die (9 April 65) at 10:00 am, Mr. Kitti Morasi, 23, relatives of Mrs. Jiraporn Pamphom, 53, who was touched by a 14 -year -old daughter with a boyfriend. 16 years old, plan to kill in the room of Ban Eua Attharajornwit, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province Brought the monks to invite the souls according to the belief in the room of the incident To invite the soul of Mrs. Jiraporn That was murdered in the room, said religious rituals That the relatives will bring the mother to perform merit at Phra Chedi Temple, San Phra Nat Subdistrict, San Sai District, Chiang Mai Province, by Ms. Praphatsorn, relatives of the deceased Revealed that Now I have to keep up with my psychological support and encourage Nong Got first and let Nong go to stay with him first. That the grandchildren did because of being pressured I don't know if it's true. If the grandchildren come out and then they will take care or not, it is a matter of the future. Then gradually say it again at that time Right now, he has not visited the grandchildren. As for the donations received, he must thank you. As for the problems within the family of the deceased, the younger caused him to do not know about it. Aunt is a person who loves you very much. Mr. Kitti. Told the story before the day of the incident that on the 5th, in the evening there was a LINE message from the man saying that he was the person who took his sister to live with no need to mess with his sister. The man will take care of himself. Until he accused the man on LINE Which, if refusing to return his younger brother, will report Which at first did not return and didn't tell the place where you were In the evening, I invited my mother to the front of Bang Phli police station to take a picture and send it to the man that I would report because now I have come to the police station. Causing the man to be afraid of the offense, so agreed and told the appointment point to pick up the younger He and the mother then traveled to pick up the younger back. When he arrived at his house, he asked her. You have said that they have been dating for a year. Previously, he didn't know that he was dating. I later learned that when I went The person who came to pick up his sister with that man was the male father. Is the person who comes to pick up the younger I brought my sister's mobile phone to not use 1-2 months before sending a message to the man. Then asked the man to call his father to talk So I accused him back and forth. But the man's father claimed that he didn't know. The son went to pick up. Which he saw that he could not know Because it is considered an adult, but why would the girl be only 14 years old to live with her son? Is it appropriate? In the end, each side said that they would not be interrupted again. And on the day of the incident, he thought that his sister should take the mother's phone to call the man Before the man's father sent his son If he doesn't come to send My mother would not die. And then not to interfere and then each person has blocked Then why would you send his son? Said that When he entered the room, he still felt shocked. He tried to intimidate himself to organize the mother's funeral. Ask if you forgive you. I couldn't answer because it couldn't tell. If the mother is looking at herself, wanting to say that you don't have to worry about herself. In the past, 3 people were alone. You can live. I would like my younger brother to ask for forgiveness. But probably can't come out He wants to tell you to think a lot before doing anything that should be done. Anything that shouldn't be done is not necessary. I would like to thank Phi Ton Prakarn (Samut Prakan journalist) for really helping everything.
condemn!The brutal teenagers invaded Ari, died in the emergency room.|Clip! The brutal teenagers invaded Ari, died in the emergency room, Pak Khad Hospital, Bueng Kan Province, April 9, 2022, reporters reported that online social networks criticized the clip from CCTV. Save the criminal. 21 years, died, was shot with 4 9 mm firearms. The deceased and the culprit A controversy in the liquor store at 01.30 hrs. In the past, one of the injured Traveled to the hospital when the other party heard the news Therefore followed the incident in the emergency room of the hospital In front of medical personnel after the incident Maj. Gen. Thammachakong Mongkol, Ph.D. Bring power to the inspection area Initially aware of the culprit And ordered the provincial investigation and investigation team. Pak Khot Police Station accelerated to follow up and arrest
Catch!"Beu", a brutal gunman invaded Ari, died in the emergency room.|Catch! Brutal teenagers In the emergency room of the Emergency room, Pak Khor Hospital, April 9, 2022 at the Royal Thai Police (Police), Pol. Received a report from Pol.Lt.Gen. The incident occurred at the emergency room at Pak Khot Hospital, Bueng Kan Province. Know the name of the deceased. Mr. Suriyachai, 21 years old, was shot with 4 9 mm firearms. Before the 2 incidents The quarrels at A restaurant In which Mr. Suriyachai was hit at the head. At 01.19 hrs. And the culprit followed to shoot in the emergency room Know the name of the culprit, Mr. Boonyarit or Biw, aged 21, Deputy Commander in Chief said that in this case, the criminal Causing the crime that may be on the hospital without fear of the law of the country He has given him. Pol.Gen. The police officers have urged him to supervise the case urgently. Pol. Maj. Gen. Yongyong revealed that while the police investigated the Bor.Por. 4, has already followed the arrest of the offender. Currently, the injured hand surgery was treated at Kalasin Hospital, therefore organized a police officer to watch the operating room 24 hours. In addition, Chalit was 20 years old, the assistant to escape by the Royal Thai Police. .4 and the Police Station, Bueng Kan Province Has organized the police to coordinate the Kalasin Hospital to proceed with the relevant parts.
The brutal husband poured the oil, set fire to the wife.Paranoid with other womenThe motorcycle motorcycle was burned 1 more.|The woman was poured by her husband before the fire burned. Seriously injured 3 days before the woman had just been hit by the man until the head broke yesterday (9 April). The reporter reported that In the early evening, Pol.Col. Komsan Protipon (investigation), Bang Khen Police Station, was notified of the woman being poured by her husband before the fire burned, seriously injured. On the ground floor of a residential building, Soi Phahonyothin 48, Intersection 171, Anusawari Subdistrict, Bang Khen District, Bangkok. The scene was on the 1st floor behind the room number 17. Throwing the entire officer, the officer accelerated the delivery. Crown Watthana Hospital Urgent from inquiring The neighbors who saw the incident say that the injured person has a career in seafood trading in the flea market. The culprit is Mr. Samrueng or Lek, aged about 50 years, who is the husband of the injured. Who have been dating for about 1-2 years. Previously, staying on the 3rd floor. When the room below was free, they moved down in the past, both often had a mouth. About a paranoid man, a woman had a man with courting and 3 days before the woman ran to Said that he was hit by the man until his head broke To help. Therefore did as requested Without wanting both of them to quarrel, another neighbor who was in the incident stated that before the incident, saw the injured husband driving around 7:00 am but was not interested because he knew that he was at the building. During 8:00 pm, the villagers shouted and shouted. When he turned to see, he saw the fire flooding but didn't know what burns. And ran to help extinguish, but found that the fire from the other neighbors stated that he saw a 5 -liter oil gallon gallon coming down from a blue Honda Civic sedan and then poured at the motorcycle. Parked beside the building Before walking to the room and knocking the door to call the injured When the injured open the door The culprit used the oil held to splash before setting fire until the injured person ran behind the room, the door that came out on the side of the road before jumping down from the stairs about 1 meter before the neighbors. Will subscribe to the fire that is flooding the body of the injured part of the burn motorcycle The villagers stated that Belonging to people living around here, often see walking at nearby stores on a regular basis Should not be related to the said event But maybe because he is a good person Because staying for a long time Until it may cause the cause of jealousy until bringing the oil to pour the car and set fire After the incident, the investigative officer entered the CCTV inspection area to find a way to escape the criminal. And followed up to prosecute according to the law
30 million!Catch the nursing assistant using Tinder to find victims.Borrowing money, claiming to pay tuition fees, Master's Degree|Collecting a nurse assistant, claiming to be a student, deceived, inviting the young man, Tinder, requesting to borrow 6-7 hundred thousand per hundred thousand, used as a scholarship to the master's degree, sweeping more than 30 million victims. Reporters reported that today ( 10 April) Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief of Police Major General Noppasilp Poolsawat, Commander in Chief of the Police Station, Police Colonel Pirom Suan Gold, Deputy Director of Police 1, received a report from Col. Kritthawee Sukcharoen, the director of news and special tools. Suk Mum, the director of Samsen Police Station, Police Colonel Chanatchawut Phattharasophon, Deputy Director of the 2nd Police Station 1, Pol.Col. And Police Lieutenant Colonel Winai Chomphu Phuttha. 2. Police Department 1 jointly arrested Ms. Pattamaporn, 29 years old, the accused under the arrest warrant of Dusit District, 77/2565, dated 24. C. 2562, for this case, the injured person reported that Ms. Pattamaaporn, who claimed to be a nursing student, is studying a master's degree. Chat, talk to borrow money to be an expense for graduation. The police investigated together, found that Ms. Pattamaporn caused the incident in many areas and there were 20 victims of the total damage worth 30 million baht and was not a real nursing student as claimed and arrest warrant of the Muang Police Station. Pathum Thani then followed up and arrested until knowing that Living in the condo in Chatuchak, Bangkok and then went to see him and found an arrest warrant to bring him to investigate and confess as a hospital assistant. Use the method of talking to the victim, most of them are men. Through the application Then borrowed the said money of 6-7 hundred thousand baht per person, therefore detained to send the Samsen police station to proceed with the legal proceedings
Gather the hood!The brutal husband uses gasoline and then sets a fire.|Catch! Big boy jealous Using gasoline and then set fire to the wife's severe condition at 07.00 hrs. On 10 April 65, Pol. Maj. Gen. Atthaphon Anusit, Commander in Chief 2, received a report from Police Colonel Surachet Bathit, Deputy Director of Police 2 (Police Station, Bang Khen Police Station) by Pol.Col. T. Somchai Rod Yang, SSO and investigative staff Bang Khen Police Station jointly arrested Mr Samrueng, about 50 years old, who caused the incident to use gasoline and then set fire to Miss Suratana, 46 years old, seafood seller. And selling clothes at the wife's flea market until injured, had a wound on the face and body. Severe symptoms occurred in front of the room. A condo in Soi Phahonyothin 48, Intersection 17/1, Anusawari Subdistrict, Bang Khen District, Bangkok, around 21.00 hrs. On 9 April. The gray Civic fled to the domicile, Uthai Thani Province, the investigative officer of Bang Khen police station, then chased to arrest him until he was able to detain. Before bringing back to investigate to find the cause of this incident
The 1st report was open to the media.Want the story to end once, not tired anymore|Sandwisa Patch reported the first time after becoming a negligence. Revealed that the watermelon's case was near to the reporter reported that today (10 April) at 13.35 hrs. Mr. Wisa Patch Manomairat or Sand 1 in 5 Luxury Speed Cruise Da fell into a mysterious water. Traveled to report in the midst of the media, waiting for the news that Muang Nonthaburi Police Station after being investigated by police officers Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Reported the allegations of accused, negligence, causing death to others. According to the arrest warrant of the Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 162/2565, after being aware of the allegations The private lawyer has submitted securities in the amount of 200,000 baht to request bail in the investigation officer. Which after the bail has gone out The inquiry official has reported to the conditions with the police every 7 days, which will be due to the 1st time today (10 April). Recently, Mr. Wisa Patchamanairat or Sand, along with Mr. Pornsak Wipas. Apanon Private lawyer and team Traveled to report to the 1st inquiry official and will report to the second time again on April 17, 65. Mr Wisa Patcha or Sans said that we said according to the truth that happened, so nothing. To worry As for the consultant, at first that he would come Loei police station in the morning But he told me to meet first and then follow the news that Lawyer Em explained To see each other for the first time that day Talked for a moment. The latest clip that appeared to be traveling last week Is a current clip But why forbidden to travel? Do you have to stay still? Would you like everyone to think that if they are in the same point as the sand now, just losing friends is already bad. No one wants to be born. Come across the situation now is already bad. It is necessary to continue to live a normal life. As for those who attack, insult or slander, if too much, then have to let the lawyer check in the prosecution. Now I haven't contacted Mom Watermelon. Because he had never known each other before Must be honest and do not talk to Mr Nuphat Lertthaweewit or Po and Mr. Paiboon Tri Kanchananan or Robert. Miss Ichsarin Jutha Suksawat or the bottle rather than being friends. The relationship with the people on the boat rarely talk to each other. Only talk to the bottle more than the lawyer Decha said after Songkran there will be a summary of the case. Feeling very happy Want the story to end once, not tired anymore The state of mind is still ok. It was not good at all. Not yet stunned. Private lawyer Added that Don't call the manager. Meaning that every lawyer is already acting for the children or the accused Which is already under the Regulations Act In which Sandy today is intended to have an interview and talk to Sand Anyone who speaks too well, must look at the case. To proceed with the case Which the case procedure is in accordance with the law The inquiry official will have an opinion to report the charges. Submit the case to send the expression to the prosecutor according to the legal procedure.
The brutal husband revealed his wife.Secretly put the phone recordingCatch the other party (clip)|At 13.00 hrs. On April 10, 2022, Maj. Gen. Chokchai Namwong, Deputy Commander in Chief, along with the investigative officer of Bang Khen Police Station, revealed the arrest of Mr. Samrueng, aged about 50 years, must find the arrest warrant. Charged with trying to kill others After using the oil to pour and set fire, Ms. Suratana, 46 years old, wife was seriously injured. The incident occurred on the night of April 9, the news reported that previously, the culprit had a problem with a man who began to suspect that he was an affair with his wife. Because the said man had announced that he would compete for his wife Even when the new year The culprit of the wife's behavior Because the woman likes to use to wash clothes at the shop, dried often in the neighborhood Even though the clothes are still wearing Later, the villagers started to tell you that almost every time they went out to wash clothes. There will be a man who is suspected to be an affair to drive to his wife almost every time. The offender tried to ask the truth. And made an argument as well as on the day of the incident The wife used to wash clothes like every time. After leaving for a while, he felt suspicious. Therefore returned home In which the wife asked why he came back The culprit said that he forgot the item. Before walking into the kitchen next to the bedroom And use the phone to record audio And hid in the pile of fabric, then returned to the laundry shop. It took 10-15 minutes. But at the end of the clip, he heard his wife's voice doing activities with a suspicious man. Therefore couldn't bear And went to talk to his wife until quarreling again In addition, when walking out of the house, he found a man who was driving a motorcycle to park beside his car in the early hours, so came to sit and drink. Born anger And caused the incident between the detainees The accused pointed out the equipment used in the cause. And cars used to escape The accused revealed that I want to apologize to my wife. Admit that I do it because I know that my wife has an affair Therefore became angry However, there was no plan in any way. The oil used is the oil that is used to add a motorcycle. And at the back of a sedan that is already fleeing As for the locomotives that he burned, it was a car of the man who was suspected of being an affair. That there is something with his wife They have confirmation evidence clips. Which did not think of itself Pol.Lt.Gen. Atthaphon Anusit, Commander in Chief 2, said that from the investigation, the accused confessed. Do it because of suspicion From the preliminary examination, the culprit was not found. Only drinking And no criminal history was found In which the accused did not have stress That caused the incident because of love to his wife very much By dating for 2 years, without children But both have had children and families before. For the injured, they are currently in the ICU room.
The body of the mother's victim, daughter 14, plans to kill the house and the brother revealed that the sister is not resentful.|The body of the mother has arrived at the house in Chiang Mai. Sad relatives said to go home Songkran. But only came back to the soul, the older brother revealed that his sister's eyes were without any remorse. San Phra Subdistrict, San Sai District, Chiang Mai Province Since the middle of the night last night After being a 14 -year -old daughter and a 16 -year -old boyfriend planned to kill a knife until died in Bang Phli Samut Prakan, claiming to be excluded by Mr Suwan Aunt -in -law that used to raise children The 4 people of the deceased said that in truth, all 4 grandchildren Is a good child Including a 14 -year -old daughter who joins the boyfriend to kill her mother But after the phone and a boyfriend changed The family still cannot accept. Because I didn't think that there would be a bad thing like this, while the 60 -year -old Aunt Daeng said that the deceased was in Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province for many years, but will come back to visit relatives often. If this happens Talk to the latest deceased that will come back to visit Songkran on April 9, which has actually returned. But it was only the body that died The family feels very sorry. I didn't think this would happen. Because as far as touched, the deceased is a mother who loves children very much According to almost every child, while Mr Got The 23 -year -old son said that he intended to organize the funeral of the mother. By intended to bring the mother back to the hometown of Chiang Mai In which the mother is the people of Mae Rim District and has relatives here Which still has aunt and mother's sister in Chiang Mai Previously, my mother planned that about 2 years When the younger sister graduated, high school will move back to live in Chiang Mai. And during this Songkran festival will return to the relative's house But not in time, admitting that he couldn't accept it now I don't think my sister would dare to do this much. Which the sister said that she and her mother discouraged his sister and her boyfriend, not at all because she had just learned that his sister had a girlfriend three days ago Before coming to this event I feel very sorry. Who met the face of the sister at the police station Saw his sister's eyes looking But didn't feel remorse or apologized at all Causing him to not be able to accept As for forgiveness, your sister has revealed that asking for a while now I can't think of anything. But would like the younger to repent some. As for the funeral, the mother will provide the best mother and tomorrow, his brother will ordain the fire to the mother to dedicate the charity to the mother. Sent to heaven. However, thanks to everyone who transferred money to help his family. Until the amount is enough Which will divide some money left from the funeral Keep as scholarships and use in daily life. After this, let's rest for a while before returning to live in Samut Prakan province. In the room that used to be with mother And working for security companies while Mr Chatchai Wisalchitrat The sub -district headman said that even if the deceased is not a background in San Sai District But there are a lot of relatives here After hearing the news of the villagers panic about what happened Because it was a tragic cause and violence that occurred in the family The body of the deceased will be cremated at Ban Mae Yoi Sansri. San Santha District On April 11 Around 14.00 hrs. The police revealed the Timeline, daughter 14, plan to kill the mother's boyfriend, 16, apologize to claiming an evil mood.
Thrilling!Good hand, Ping Ping Pong, Rama 1, R. 1.The police expedite the chase.|The police rushed to chase the good hand, Ping Ping Pong, put in front of the 1st Infantry Regiment, the King of Rajawa Valloprajai (Rama 1, Bangkok), location of the Prime Minister's house last night (10 April) Miss Wasana Na Famous military reporters Post a personal Facebook message, stating, "The dark hand! Ping Ping Pong put on Rama 1, A. R.D. falls in front of the Army Division. Still do not know the intention of finding a motorcycle, causing the police to speed up the CCTV inspection Away from the prime minister's house, it was reported that At approximately 19.50 hrs. The incident occurred at the Ping Pong bomb at the Rama 1 door. Opposite the Army Initially found that 1 motorcycle driver has 1 driver, 1 person at the end, with the Bang Sue Police Station inspected and recorded As well as checking the CCTV. And the house of Gen. Prayut Chan -o -cha, Prime Minister and Defense Minister are also in this area, but in different ways because of the prime minister's house. Located deep away With the police rush to inspect And assess the aim "
The wife was burned and burns.The symptoms are still serious.Found on the quiz -19 as well|The wife was burned by her husband. The symptoms are still serious. Found on the orchids-19, with the Bang Khen police preparing to bring the savage saa to be imprisoned tomorrow, Pol. Col. Surachet Bandit, Deputy Commander of the Metropolitan Police 2, acting as the Metropolitan Police of Bang Khen, revealed that from the interrogation of Mr. Samrueng or Lek, 50 years old The husband who used the oil to pour Ms. Suratana, 47 years old, his wife before setting fire, was seriously injured that the accused initially confessing that the actual cause Due to being jealous of his wife Because he thinks that his wife is unfaithful, there are other men, but from the interrogation of witnesses And various evidence Initially found that Mr Lek, who caused the crime often thought After drinking until he was intoxicated Because in the past, there had been such behavior, but not severe to this stage As for the person, Mr. Lek claimed That is why his wife is unfaithful to interrogate or not It is currently under consideration by the investigation officer. Mr Lek went to set fire to the motorcycle. By claiming to intend to cause the burning of the said car Because it is a motorcycle of the Lek claiming to make his wife cheat Therefore intended to burn because he thought that it was the cause after the interrogation of the charges The inquiry official prepares to take the first sketch. At the Ratchada Court tomorrow (12 April) on charges of causing the body to cause injury to others. The latest symptoms of Ms. Suratana are currently under the supervision of the doctor at the hospital. Due to seriously injured In addition, it was found that the results of the Quick -19 infection with the medical treatment process must strictly implement the measures of the Ministry of Public Health. To prevent the spread while Villagers living in the condo Told that Mr Neng, who was the person that Mr Lek accused Actually, in contrast to Mr Lek Completely accused Because Mr Neng is a person that the villagers love, hospitable, like helping friends who are in trouble, including pets. Therefore it is impossible to be an affair with the wife of Mr. Lek as accused. If it is really bad, the boss will buy a house and car to use and emphasize that more than 90 percent confirmed that Mr Neng is a good person. As for the adultery It is believed that Mr Lek was blown by a friend in the wine. Normally, Mr Neng didn't drink alcohol. Not smoking and being a motorcycle victim And was accused of losing a reputation, but Mr Neng Still not reporting to the Lek. 1 In the neighbors confirmed that the wife of Mr Lek was attacked by the fire. Unable to have sex with men Due to cancer in the uterus that is bleeding And smelly with close people Which is a pathetic thing that is under treatment But came back to be jealous of the husband Because every day, Pararaya still has to go out to sell products in the flea market to support the family, but have to be attacked. Mr Neng revealed on the phone confirming that even though he was the injured person, the whole story was accused. And motorcycles that are poured in oil Was pleased to forgive and not report the prosecution to Mr Lek Due to not wanting to aggravate Because just this, Mr. Lek is already very suffering Along with pitying the young wife of the Lek who was burned Even though he had never talked to your wife But instead had to come to get bad luck from the misunderstanding. Or because of intoxication I do not want to accuse But if you don't trust, ask to ask the villagers In order to know what he is
The police arrested a young rapper.Suspicion, Ping Ping Pong, Rama 1, R. 1, the director|The police arrested "a young rapper", the suspect, Aua Ping Ping Pong, put on the front door of the 1st Infantry Regiment. While the information from the witness stated Participants Driving a motorcycle together 2 cars today (11 April) Mr. Kritsang Nutcharat, lawyer, lawyer center for human rights, revealed that last night The lawyer center Was informed by "Book Thanayut" or Elevenfinger, a rapper singer That he was searched And was arrested by 1 bombing in possession, and was also injured by the explosion. Bang Sue Police Station Investigate the relevant of the reasoning motorcycle driver, Ping Pong bombing in the lawn area. Opposite the Army The 1st Infantry Regiment, the Maha Lek Rajawallopharajai (Rama 1 Bangkok), which Mr. Book denied that it was not involved. inquiry official Bang Sue Police Station reported charges of sharing and carrying weapons in public. Because it is believed to be involved in the bomb As for the investigative officers, the police station, the Port, reported to have an illegal explosion. From the detection of firecrackers and fireworks in the house for the said incident Occurred in the middle of the night last night (10 April), there were 2 motorcyclists, unknown registration number. Upon reaching the door of the scene The person who threw the table tennis bomb into And after the incident, Bang Sue Metropolitan Police inspected the scene Along with the probation officer And the explosive recovery unit from the investigation of the witnesses at the scene While standing at the entrance Beside the PTT gas station, Vibhavadi Rangsit Heard the explosion from the incident And 2 motorcyclists, 2 cars, including 4 drivers near the door And 2 Ping Pong bombing inside, then driving a motorcycle to escape
The resentment of the "Ama Media" deceived his wife to buy land.Arguing until separating the wayInvaded|The resentment of the "Ama's body" deceived his wife, losing 2.5 hundred thousand baht to buy land. Make a quarrel until separating the way Grabbed the shotgun to die while entering the shape today (11 April), Col. Suthit Nitichapong, Director of Phanom Police Station, Police Colonel Sompong Garudasuwan, Deputy Director Phanom police station Along with the investigative officer of Phanom Police Station and the investigative officer Surat Thani Province Jointly arrest Mr. Chainarong, 46 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant of the Surat Thani Provincial Court, D. 12/2012, dated April 10, 2022, on charges of killing others first, with firearms and ammunition in possession. Receiving and taking firearms to the city of the public village and there is no reasonable cause After the incident, using a long shotgun to shoot at Sri Suda or Ama's 44 -year -old body until he died while he was in a body. In the area of a Chinese shrine in the area Then escaped. Col. Suthi said that on the evening of 9 April 65, Mr. Chainarong used a shotgun. Shot at Sri Suda while he was in Ama. Until seriously injured and later died After the incident fled with a firearm used Investigation officers in Phanom Police Station have collaborated with investigative officers. Surat Thani Province Went to the area and could follow up and arrest him from the investigation. By telling his wife that he was black magic And lost a lot of money Until financial problems and often quarreling. Later, on March 2, 65, his sister said that his wife used the money to buy a 2.5 hundred thousand baht land to make himself quarrel with his wife again. The steps must be separated. He was so angry that the dead were deceived by his wife until losing nearly a million baht. Which is the money that you can find I only kept resentment in my heart until the evening of 9 April 65 went to take a long shotgun that was hidden in the back of the house. Then walked to the Chinese shrine to shoot at the deceased By secretly at the base of the oil palm tree Until around 8:00 pm, the firearm was fired at the deceased while performing a medium for 1 match until it fell. And ran away, shot another 2 shots to open the way Before being arrested Officials brought the accused to the investigation officer of Phanom Police Station to proceed with the law.
The robber invaded the room, raped two girls.Victims to find a condomRan away until the stairs were injured|Nasty thieves invaded the room, raped a transsexual girl. The victim pretended to be a condom. Before running away until the stairs were injured (11 April 65) at 08.30 hrs. Police officers in Bang Phli Police Station, Samut Prakan were notified that the criminals invaded, meant to rape and rob the owner of the room. Inside a apartment on the bank of Thep Rattanakan Road, Bang Chalong Subdistrict, Bang Phon Samut Prakan District, after receiving the notification, along with the investigative officer of Bang Phli police station to investigate the incident at the incident as a apartment. 3 layers in the room on the 2nd floor, found Mr. A (assumed name), 23 years old. Having legs Found a glass of grip is open. On the bed, found a navy color cap. And navy color shorts The inspection at the front door of the room did not find a trace of the tamper in any way. At about 3 am, while he was sleeping There was a criminal as a man. The shape of the body is about 30-35 years old, straddling his body. Ready to use a knife to pendant to the neck and threaten the property If not following the friends at the bottom to join He therefore gave two hundred baht to the money. But the criminal refused to stop Trying to put his hand in molesting Before asking him to be a transsexual girl or not Before the criminal took the knife to threaten and took off his shirt and pants Then began to console him He therefore pretended to have emotions according to the criminal. Until the criminal died Before he bought a condom When the criminal accidentally opened the door, ran away down the stairs below. And shouting for help all the way Until he fell into the stairs, injured for a while, so he returned to the room and found that the criminal had fled to the balcony He confirmed that every door lock was closed tightly. Expected the criminal to climb the balcony to leverage the glass door into the incident. He confirmed that he had never known the culprit before and confirmed that he would prosecute to the end. Have examined the surveillance cameras of the apartment Did not find that the criminal came from the door or up the stairs Expected to climb on the balcony And from the balcony inspection found that he could walk between the room comfortably However, the investigation team has accelerated the clues of the criminal. In order to follow up and prosecute
Claiming to be the director of the police station, Muang Ranong.|The host of the new pearl warning gang, the gang, claiming to be the director of the police station, Muang Ranong. Trick the video call to give more than half an hour. Lost millions of money continued to spread. For the call center gang, whose tricks are tricked by the victims to transfer money. Even if someone can catch the way But the call center gang is still diligent to find a new pearl to deceive the victim Resulting in many people falling into the camouflage A Facebook user named Pattia Komolbawonkul or Ton O-Phatthi Makomkamworakun, the female host posted a personal Facebook message. That he was the victim of the criminals who claimed themselves as the police station in Ranong, lost 1 million baht. Later, the reporter contacted Ton Ook Phatthama, the owner of the said Facebook. Confirmed that it was true By the late today, there was a number one telephone number called him. With the end of the line stating that Is the officer of the Department, claiming that he has sent parcels abroad and that parcel When examined, it was found that it was an illegal parcel. In addition, the end of the line also claimed that he had a case regarding drugs and illegal things in the area of Ranong police station, which at that time he was shocked and unable to do anything but listened and cooperated. After that, the end of the line was transferred to another person. Claiming as a police officer Muang Ranong Police Station stated the name of Col. Pornprom Okkarak, the position of the station director. And tried to ask to add LINE to enter the inquiry process. Later, he followed the LINE steps as specified by the end of the line. Before the end of the line asks for personal information As well as asking the bank account to inspect the bank account at the end of the line, stating that his account is related to illegal accounts, which he transferred to a bank account named Miss Phanatsita ( We reserve the surname) in the amount of over 1 million baht. Thought that he was tricked Therefore reported to the inquiry officer of Thong Lo police station, while waiting to report, found that there were victims of this movement waiting to report to 4 police together. Such events are considered an important lesson for himself during that it will be an example of teaching to brothers and sisters. People do not let the victim of the call center gang and would like to ask the police to follow and arrest the criminals to prosecute. In order not to cause trouble for the people anymore
Crazy young manHaunted that his wife had something with his father.Hurt the mother-wife pregnantBefore igniting the house|A minute invaded the charger, the man was haunting that his wife had something with his father. Hurt the wife who was pregnant for 2 months and mother before setting fire to the house. Reporters reported that today (13 April) at 02.30 hrs. . Samrong Tai Samut Prakan was informed of the physical assault. There are injuries. Inside the house, Village No. 8, Bang Ya Phraek Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan. The scene was a one -story house. In front of the house, found Miss Kalaya, 36 years old, who was pregnant for 2 months, had a stomach pain. The neck and arms were swollen near each other. Meeting Mrs. Yupin, aged 65, had pain in the left side. Officials provide basic assistance Before delivering to the hospital nearby, the culprit Locked himself inside the house Officials broke the door of the house to meet Mr. Sombat, 31 years old, who was in a madness. Walking with a sharp knife and ax to the middle of the house At the kitchen area on the gas stove, the fire is burning. Staff persuaded But not as a result, the officer decided to use the prong And electric shock guns Controlled Mr. Sombat according to the tactics, and the rescue personnel separated to turn off the gas and helped to put out the fire on the stove. Slightly damaged Before detaining Mr. Sombat Came to calm down at Samrong Southern police station to wait for the testimony And prosecuted from the inquiry. Thanaphon Jaijai, Commander in Chief of the Prevention and Suppression of Samrong Southern Police Station, revealed that in half Was informed that there was a man attacking his parents and wives He was ready to go to inspect the scene, with the cause of the crime in the madness, holding a knife and ax in front of the house. And found 2 injured, the mother and wife of the culprit Before the culprit ran into the house, closed the door and threw the object out In which he was still hit by the rock that the culprit After that, the culprit had set fire to the mosquito net before the fire began to spread, the officers decided to break the door to arrest the culprit. In order not to spread more fire because the area is a community characteristics Before he used the electric gun to shoot at the 2 -shots and follow the tactics Until being able to control the culprit Before the rescue personnel helped each other to extinguish the fire that the culprit was on the side of the Miss Fah (the fictional name), 36 years old, the older sister of the culprit said that he was lying in the room about 9pm. He heard the voice. The culprit argued with the wife until escalated to the point of hitting his wife. Before the parents came to dissuade, the culprit had been treated at Somdej Hospital. Due to the drug use (amphetamine). Most recently, I have informed the authorities to detain. But after 2 days, the staff released it back. Because he did not take him to the hospital, who caused the incident often, rampant, until the parents had to escape to themselves. Today, the culprit still curses his father that he has a relationship with the wife of the offender. Despite not being a basic truth The officer detained Mr. Sombat to calm down at Samrong Southern police and today will interrogate for further legal proceedings.
Revealing the "bass", the villain of Korat, a former soldier, found a history of drug addiction.|From the incident that a single attacker uses a short pistol to invade gold At Yaowarat Gold Department Store, Thep on the 1st floor in Tesco Lotus Department Store Nakhon Ratchasima Branch, Nai Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District The CCTV in the gold shop can capture the criminal's image. Slim body Wearing a long -sleeved shirt with black pattern Wearing a black long jeans Wear sneakers And wearing a black yarn, closed the face Walking alone into a gold shop And using short pistols to intimidate employees Before the criminal climbed up to the showcase, sweeping 1 gold tray into a gold necklace of 51 lines, 3 baht per line, total weight of 153 baht, worth over 4.5 million baht, using the period of the incident. 20 seconds, knowing that the villain used the vehicle to cause the incident as motorcycle Yamaha brand, the pheno model, orange, white, not attached to the license plate Drive away to the road and go to the wife at Ban Mai, Ban Mai Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District. And escaped from Nakhon Ratchasima Province. The latest progress this afternoon (14 April 2022), Region 3 Police Investigation Unit, together with the Nakhon Ratchasima Provincial Police Investigation and Investigation of Nakhon Ratchasima Police Station Still accelerating the trace of the criminal who caused the crime Most recently, the Nakhon Ratchasima Provincial Court has approved the arrest warrant for Mr. Kittiphong or Base or Frank, aged 28, on charges of Ching Sub. In this regard, the investigation has information that Mr. Kittiphong, the accused, was a former soldier. And found the history of criminals. In 2016, Mr. Kittiphong had been arrested by the police with drug cases along with allies with ice. And amphetamines in Bangkok
The nobility of the high society reported to be 1 in the victim of the famous party leader.Deceive up the condo rape|The nobility of the high society reported the victim of the famous politician. Deceive up the condo rape Ask other victims Dare to come out to speak (14 Apr 65) at 18.30 hrs. At Lumpini Police Station, Anna Hathairat Witthayapum, wife of Mr. Thanat Thanakit, or high society T. Pongsak Sakkarnrat, Deputy Director of the Police Station (investigation), Lumpini Police Station after being former Deputy leader of a large political party Deceived to rape, Ren, Hathairat said that the incident occurred in 2021, in which he had talked about this politician during the day at a restaurant. That he claimed to be the owner And said that there is an office near the shop, but when reaching the condominium in Sukhumvit in When he arrived he looked at the door of the room and raped. In which he had only 39 kilograms of body weight, even if trying to resist, couldn't do anything Which at that time He just broke up with his girlfriend that plan to marry and lose his brother. Makes you want to start something new He came in to sell dreams about business. Said to try to talk because he said that he has the potential We fell Because that event is a gathering of businessmen, Hathairat said that revealing the identity today In order for other victims Dare to come out Because at first he felt a small woman who couldn't do anything, but when he knew that there were a lot of victims Therefore want to come out and speak And his husband supported. However, in the past he was not threatened But who says who is doing anything And use one's strength If he is a normal person, it would be reported from the beginning and later at 19.20 hrs. The taxi driver who accepted the 18 -year -old victim from the hotel that was born to Lumpini police station to provide information to the staff. Police as witnesses By telling the said day of the reporter that Due to on April 12, the hotel staff came out to call a taxi to pick up passengers. When the victim comes on a taxi He saw that there was a tearful cry. Before calling for mom In which he captured the discussion that The victim came to the hotel. To ask to see the CCTV after being abused Before telling him again that I would like to change my destination at Lumpini Police Station to report. But because of pity for the victim And he saw that he was a mother Until deciding to give a testimony, Anna posted a message after reporting On Facebook Anna Vidhyaphum states that "that came out today We gathered a lot of courage when traveling to report at the police station. Seems to vomit all the way When deciding Told the husband that we wanted to go to act as the injured because we couldn't bear to see that liar like that. Not even daring to tell parents or close friends Or even with the brothers and sisters After the incident that day entered the process Add dados, depression and must forget the suffering first. To support life Including we are afraid of his power Ann therefore could not have this matter stuck in the head. But as soon as he saw the news, he saw all his feelings back like the story that just happened yesterday. (The incident occurred about 1 year ago). Today, we want to confirm that what the victim says is true. As for what the politician said is a lie Ann would like to encourage all the victims. #Metoo "
Hi -So Luk Nat unfold before entering the party to delete the rumored news.Rape case in London|Hi -So Luk Nat unfold before entering the party to delete the rumored news. Rape case in London Ethical examination The party's executive committee, Mr. Thanathanakit Amnuay, or former member of the Democrat Party, posted a Facebook post about the news of the Deputy Chief of the big political party. Stated that "I confirm that Mr. Jurin Laksanawisit, leader of the Democrat Party There is no way to not know the behavior of Mr. Prin Phanitphak, deputy leader of the Democrat Party. Actually, before Mr. Prin came to work with the Democrat Party Have already discussed that Have to find a way to chase and delete evidence Regarding the rumors of rape cases that London from finding it easily, close and adjust the new image to sell. (In the UDD ideas) in the industry, businessmen, politicians, everyone knows. All of this, I know from the story of a former party leader - still remember that someone still says If this person enters the party There are definitely problems like this. Should be examined Both the party executive committee "then posted to his wife Stated that "Ann had told him about one person. That he remembers that Who seems to be in the coalition government But can't remember thoroughly Because he didn't care to remember Today, when Ann just saw the face and voice of a person saying a moment ago to remember People in the news that just quit and reject everything Like a cheeky face Wait for other details to Anna Vidhyaphum to tell. #Love and proud of this good wife ", which later Mr Thanat has posted that "someone knows. Say hello with the sentence "I Went Through What Your Wife Went Through, IT was 10+ years ago" (2008) on the day that this woman aged 17, the evidence of the Chat, ready that Mr. Por. Of his father asked if he was often going to the night of the night. Not yet revealed). Will the victims be ready to come out? Please be his right. We understand, not everyone is equal. But we will fight for them all. "
Hi So Luk Nat posted to his wifeAfter deciding to reportBeing a victim of politicians|Hi So Luk Nat reveals his wife's words After deciding to report Being a victim of politicians "This is the best decision in life." From the case of Hathairat Witthayom or Anna, the S.K. candidate, Suan Luang District In the name of the Thai United Party And is the wife of Mr Thanathanakit Amnuay or Hi So Luk Nat to report to Police Lieutenant Colonel Pongsak Karnarat, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Lumpini Police Station, after being a former Deputy leader of a large political party Deceive to rape on Facebook NAT Thanakitamnuay of Mr Thanathanakit Amnuay posted a picture with his wife. Which was a picture from the wedding in January Stating that "Sitting and watching good people asleep Today, she is very tired. How lucky do we have? That has been chosen by women that are both gentle and brave Ann's mind is still with an angel. His arms That is to the world, animals, when she decided to sign up. We still think in our hearts That Ann is probably a politician who is better than us, of course The person I know is only the bright to give happiness to those around you. Being near He is very special today at Ann. Once thought he was weak But today he has power Want only to protect others Today Ann said Ann looked at it as a "duty" because we could do it. We are public We are fighters Is a voice for others We can't do it. Ann must open the fight - this is Ann today. Ann looked at my face and said "This is the best decision in Ann's life." Love you the most, we will protect each other with the sincerity of the sincerity that you have for others. We believe that many people can recognize it. Really a lot of lovers Strangers who follow her from the Hi5 era to this day still love you. We are really lucky that she chose us. Ann's love is really great. "
Know "Anna Hathairat", the high society wife of the young model to the candidate for the chair.|From the case of Hathairat (Witthaya Pum) Thanakit Amnuay or Anna's wife, Mr Thanat Thanakit, or Hi So Luknut, reported the prey to the disgusting behavior of the former deputy leader of the major political party, which after the story was revealed. The online world has sent encouragement to the courage to reveal and fight the event. Which is considered the worst in the life of a woman Anna Hathairat graduated from the Faculty of Fine Arts. Communication Art Design Bangkok University is a former young model who has been through the entertainment industry, both fashion photos. And is the female protagonist, music video, Dancing Musketeers and Songkran music. It is also the sister of Mook-Sirinrat Witthayapum, a famous actress of Channel 3, who is famous for the drama of Anna and Mook Ann's sister Ann. Nathairat registered marriage and married with Nut-Thanat Thanakit Amnuay in January 2022, both of them found love while participating in political rally. Before making a relationship and holding hands into the wedding door sweetly Even if the man loses his eyes to one side of the violence in the mob It is not an obstacle or limitation of love, wedding, children, Nat and Anna, Anna Hathairat, aged 30 years, entering the political field by applying for a member of the Bangkok Council (Kor.) In the name of the Party. Thai United, stating that previously he came out to move in the public sector with a determined heart. And hope to see changes in Thai society This time, I would like to be a representative to serve the people in another role, which is to apply for Bangkok. In order to develop Bangkok, it is a city of everyone, all ages, all ages and focus on the problem of the central system, such as the transportation system in Bangkok. With low quality and terrible, lasting for a long time About the infrastructure in walking People's quality of life Being oppressed by an old authority or an influential group in Anna As a candidate Sor Kor. Suan Luang District
Collected "Base", a former soldier, 153 baht, Korat, fled until the corner in Pattaya.|The "bass", a former soldier, 153 baht, worth over 4.5 million baht from Korat to escape until the corner of Pattaya, from the situation where the criminals were using a short pistol to invade gold. At Yaowarat Gold Department Store On the 1st floor, Tesco Lotus Department Store Nakhon Ratchasima Branch In which the circuit camera inside the gold shop can capture the criminal The nature of the criminal is a man. Wearing a long -sleeved shirt with black pattern Wearing a black long jeans Wear sneakers And wearing a black yarn hat, closing the face Walking alone into a gold shop And using short pistols to intimidate employees Before the criminal climbed to the showcase, sweeping 1 golden tray Is a gold necklace 51 lines 3 baht per line Total weight 153 baht Worth more than 4.5 million baht By taking the period of acting less than 20 seconds By knowing that the criminal used the vehicle to cause motorcycle Yamaha brand, the pheno, orange, white, not attached to the license plate, drive away, the latest progress this morning (April 15, 2022) Police Lieutenant Colonel Somprasong Yenchum, Provincial Police Commissioner Region 3 revealed that the Provincial Police Investigation Region 3 can follow up and arrest. Mr. Kittiphong or Base, 28 years old, the criminal who caused the gold in Lotus Department Store Nakhon Ratchasima branch has already been arrested while the accused fleeing in Pattaya. Chon Buri Province And now the investigation is expanding the results, bringing the accused to find the gold Which has been reported that now can follow some gold As for the reason that the accused caused this time, the accused claimed that there was no job and had no money to use. Investigation has information that Mr. Kittiphong, the accused, was a former soldier. And found the history of criminals. In 2016, Mr. Kittiphong had been arrested by the police with drug cases along with allies with ice. And amphetamines in Bangkok
The police detained "Base", making a plan to point out the robbery of Korat gold.Almost complete with gold|From the incident that a single attacker uses a short pistol to invade gold At Yaowarat Gold Department Store On the 1st floor, Tesco Lotus Department Store Nakhon Ratchasima Branch By sweeping 1 golden tray Is a gold necklace 51 lines 3 baht per line Total weight 153 baht Worth more than 4.5 million baht Later, the Provincial Police Investigation Division 3 was able to follow up and arrest Mr. Kittiphong Phathisong or Bass, aged 28, the criminal who caused the gold in the Lotus Department Store. Nakhon Ratchasima Branch While the accused escaped in a hotel in Pattaya Chon Buri Province In the last morning, the latest afternoon (April 15, 2022) Police Colonel Prasit Premkamol, director of Muang Nakhon Ratchasima Police Station Along with the police force Nakhon Ratchasima Police Station Detained Mr. Kittiphong Phathisong or Base, the accused who caused the gold to point out the motorcycle parking spot In the Lotus Department Store Nakhon Ratchasima Branch and the route that the accused flee, in which the accused confessed that Is the actual golden congestion Cause because of unemployment And had no money to spend. Previously, the investigation set expanded the gold tracking results that the accused By bringing the wife of the accused to search for some gold in which the accused Then buried in the ground Within the back of the house number 12, Village No. 12, Ban Mai Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District Initially, the police were able to seize the gold in which the accused had buried the ground in the amount of 28 lines, combined with the 2 gold investigations that the accused sold to friends during the escape. And the gold that has two other villagers collected on the way. In addition, the accused confessed that Bringing 11 gold lines to leave with a friend while fleeing Currently, the police are accelerating all the gold of the night.
The most brutal husband hit the hand.Drag the body to flood back home.Claiming his wife to sleep with other people|Police Lieutenant Colonel Phiphat Thongkong Tai Mueang Police Station, Phang Nga Province was notified of the deaths at A house in the area of Village No. 2, Bang Thong Subdistrict, Thai Mueang District, Phang Nga Province Police Colonel Boriboon Happy Director of the Thai Mueang Police Station Police Lieutenant Colonel Chaiyut Bunyai, Deputy Director of the Police Colonel Yingyanisaraprasong, Deputy Director of the Police Department, Phang Nga Province Proof of evidence officers in Phang Nga Provincial Administrative Officer Investigate the scene Is a one -story cement house located on the Bang Thong Nuea Road Inside the house, found the body of the deceased named Ms. Chattharika, 29 years old, died in the house. The body of the body lying on the back, with a brown flower bag. Wearing a gray short -sleeved shirt Mud shorts There are signs of being hit with solids on the forehead. 1 The left head of the head is another 3 wounds. The body has bruises throughout the body. The back was scratched. The initial investigation was learned that before the incident, the deceased drank alcohol with Mr Suriya, 34, the owner of the house. Who has been a boyfriend to eat for over 2 years. After that, there is an argument with Mr Suriya Until the quarrel caused arguments and attacking each other Knowing that the deceased died from the preliminary assault, believing that Mr Suriya was the doer while investigating the incident. Found that about 200 meters from the incident at the back of Mr Chula's house, 60 years old, with blood stains stained with the mattress Folk and back cover of the house There are scattered items. There was a wooden table broken, broken, lost 1 leg while investigating the incident, the investigation of the Thai Mueang Police Station arrested Mr Suriya, the boyfriend who committed the crime by Mr Suriya, who was acting true but didn't think that My girlfriend died In which he said After drinking with his girlfriend at home After that, his girlfriend disappeared from the house, so they were searching. Until he found that his girlfriend was sleeping with a neighboring man in the back of the house In which he saw that a man lay beside his wife wearing only one underwear, while his girlfriend was wearing clothes, but the lifting hook was released Therefore angry, arranged into a wooden table With a broken legs as a weapon to hit his girlfriend's head about 3-4 times and then dragged his body to the house. Mr. Anusit, 61, father, Suriya, who said that they had been together for more than 2 years. Normally, as a general spouse Even the woman seems to drink more often And the son drank alcohol more often and increased until drinking every day And drink every time Until rarely gardening the whole rubber plantation Oil palm plantation And empty land again Admits that the son is jealous, but the daughter -in -law acts not trustworthy Called to have a liquor circle where the deceased was investigated. Until the day of April 14, 65, both were drank at the house where the body was found. From noon After that, during the evening, arguing until Ms. Chatthika Ran away to secretly at the neighbor's house About 100 meters away from his own home, with Mr. Suriya's boyfriend following another quarrel Ms. Chattharika Escape to sit at the cradle beside his own house With Mr. Suriya Followed to find a hit again In which the deceased ran away, trying to run behind his own house In which there are workers in rubber plantations Sleep on the back seat After that, the culprit of the wooden table and then use the legs to smash the deceased many times and then drag the blood to the blood back home. Until he learned this morning (15 Apr 65) that Ms. Chatthirika died
Uncle, 60, raped two niece for 4 years, because Grandma saw a nude picture.|Uncle, 60, raped her niece, aged 16 and 13, because Grandma saw a bare picture on a mobile phone. The eldest revealed that he had been done for 4 years (15 April 65) at 16.30 hrs. At Phra Pradaeng Police Station, Samut Prakan, Mrs. Som (Suppose), 51 years old, traveled with Ms. Porn (Nam Por ) Age 16 years, reporting complaints to Capt. (Reserved surname), aged 60 years, which is the uncle of Ms. Porn, causing the rape of two niece, Miss Porn and Miss Ya (named the fictional), aged 13 years at the residence in Soi Petchueang 25, Tor. Bang Yo, Phra Pradaeng, Samut Prakan, Nang Som, who is the grandmother of the two children, said that yesterday, the niece was playing the phone. And the youngest niece opened a clip of the niece of the eldest niece He saw it, so he was shocked and wondering who did it. Therefore asked the eldest niece Therefore knew that the person who made his uncle After that, he argued with the uncle. After arguing for a while The uncle threw his grandchild's phone into the water beside the house. After that, the story that the uncle raped her niece was red. Before that, he didn't know. But just came to know yesterday He then went to talk to the eldest niece asked about the various events that occurred, the eldest niece told him that he had been raped from grade 6 until now and has just been raped by the latest April 13. Which another niece used to be raped by his uncle When he listened to what the niece told him, he felt very heartbreaking. I don't think people close to you do this. And would like to take matters to the uncle to the end The mother of the two niece has been lost for a long time. The father has separated since the mother of the younger, losing Miss A (the fictional name), the unit of the two children, saying that when he called Said that the uncle raped both niece, he was very shocked I don't think Uncle will do this. Which uncle and grandchildren are not at the same house Uncle works in a pontoon. When coming to the house, I would like to take the eldest niece to sleep on the boat. From asking the youngest niece, it was said that he had been raped by his uncle 2 times, and from asking the eldest niece, he knew that the eldest niece had been raped since Primary 6 to the present, for the first 4 years, which first. Was not suspicious Until later Saw that the uncle often called to call her niece at 1 am, 2 o'clock, he listened to the tone of the uncle's voice, it seemed to be touchy that the niece didn't talk to Like a woman flirting Sometimes the uncle will bring money to lure the lady. He didn't think much. I think Uncle should love grandchildren to buy things. As for the clip with the niece of his grandchildren, he still didn't see it. Because the uncle threw the phone of the grandchildren with the picture, dumped into the ditch beside the house, was informed by the police Along with the investigation team Together with the staff of the children and families of Samut Prakan, the administrative department traveled to detain Mr. Paiboon. (Reserved surname) at the relative's house in Soi Petchungwong 25, Bang Yo Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan. Confessed that he had actually caused the crime and walked out to surrender to the police Before the officer brought him to the house at the scene of the incident To point out the scene Which is about 50 meters away from the house that has detained Mr. Paiboon before bringing Mr. Paiboon to investigate more at Phra Pradaeng Police Station, Mr. Paiboon, the culprit, confessed that He and his niece lived in this house for a long time. Before the incident, he drank alcohol until drunk And have sexual emotions as well Therefore proceeded to rape the eldest niece first After that, I couldn't keep it. As for the youngest niece about 5-6 times, the staff Reported the allegations of Mr. Paiboon "Rape others By rape in any way By using violence In which others are in a state that cannot resist Actions of children under the age of 15, who are not his wife or husband Which the child will agree or not Doing indecent for children under the age of 13. "As for the two children who have been done by officials, children and families, Samut Prakan province have come to help heal their minds. Before sending both children to check at the hospital To gather evidence And made an appointment to interrogate the two children in front of the meditation again to proceed with the law
The Myanmar boy secretly filmed in the bathroom in the middle of the famous department store.|April 17, 2022 at approximately 0.40 hrs. While shouting for help After being secretly filmed by a man in the female bathroom The incident occurred in a department store in Ratchadaphisek area. At that time, the offender tried to escape. During that time, the victim immediately informed the police. After that, the police officer in Huai Khwang police station went to inspect and was able to arrest the culprit at the entrance of Soi Ratchadaphisek 4, known as Mr. Modi, 23, Myanmar. And confessed to be a real culprit Used to work as a restaurant staff But now there is no career as a residence Before the incident came to sit and drink beer with friends Then sneak into the female bathroom of the mall at the scene. When a young woman goes to the bathroom, he will secretly shoot the clip. By claiming to be kept by himself. The victim said that Before the incident came to read a book with a friend at a coffee shop in the mall When going to the bathroom and seem to be unusual, like a shadow of a person beside the bathroom, then looked out and found that a man with a mobile phone secretly filmed a clip. Therefore shouted for help, Lieutenant Colonel Ronphop Phet Phet, the inspector of the Huai Khwang Police Station, revealed that from the inspection of the mobile phone of the accused, found more than 50 clips on the day of the incident. Take a clip of the victim of the injured woman to go to the bathroom up to 6 people, therefore prosecuted for obscenity to people aged over 15 years, using violence.
Holding 25,000 methamphetamine pills hidden in instant noodlesPrepare to export to Korea|On April 16, 2022, at 15.00 hrs., Bang Khun Thian Police Station, together with the Royal Thai Army 1, inspected a transportation company. Located in Soi Ekachai 46, Ekachai Road, Khlong Bang Pran, Bang Bon District, Bangkok Seizure of 25,200 methamphetamine pills due to the police notified by the news source that There will be a group of people smuggling drugs abroad. By hidden with various parcels, therefore coordinating with the company that delivering parcels abroad to monitor After finding a suspicious object, sent to the shop For the export company to Korea Notify the destination in Korean The sender and the recipient are Thai names. That sent the goods to the said shipping company Therefore inspected with the police Bang Khun Thian Police Station And the manager of the transportation company According to the inspection of the parcel, it is the power and regulations of the company. The belongings are hidden in 3 sachets of the dessert bag in the envelope. Each envelope has about 3 bags of amphetamine, about 200 tablets, a total of 18,000 tablets hidden in the cup of 12 cups of instant noodles in each cup, wrapped with blue carbon paper. Each cup has hidden methamphetamine in 3 small cups, about 200 small bags, a total of about 7,200 tablets and 1 box of parcel delivery box, a total of 25,200 methamphetamine tablets. "Distribution of drugs to punish the category (Amphetamine or methamphetamine) by having to sell Which causes spread among the people By violating the law Before making a record of drug seizure Send an inquiry official The investigation group of the Royal Thai Army 1 in order to expand the results of the relevant parties to proceed with the legal proceedings.
Sand reported the second time, not worried at all. Hope to close the case.|Sans reported the second time, not worried at all because he spoke the truth. Would like everyone to stop cursing about MP, Tae's laughing what they want (17 April 65) At 13.30 hrs. At Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, Mr. Wisa Phatthawororat or Sandy and the lawyer reported to the investigation officers for the second time, Sans said that now it is still good to talk to people. On a normal boat Not worried about anything because he gave all the truth And all the evidence is ready. As for the MP, Tae feels more funny. What you want As for the bottle, they are still talking. Ask how it is Did not talk about the lawsuit, will wait on April 22, hoping to close the case There are still people who curse or send to curse every day. But confirmed that he would not sue back and was not angry He may listen to one side and therefore do not think to sue. But want to stop cursing And he was waiting for everyone to wait for the truth. Sans said that at first it would be closed on the 18th. What evidence will be brought to the police to close the case on April 26 at 15.30 hrs. Will report again if the case is not closed yet. And must first listen to the genius that there is evidence to close the case
2 rescuers, raised the foundation in the middle of Rama 4 Rd., 1 shot (clip)|Around 01.20 hrs. There was a clash between the 2 rescue volunteers. In front of Lotus Department Store, Rama 4 branch, sub -district and Khlong Toei District Police officers in Thonglor police station, police officer, patrol 2, patrol Division Special Operations and Operations Division 191 and reinforcements from nearby police station Therefore suppressed the incident, a 6 -lane road that was full of bricks And the glass bottle is full of flooring In the middle of the road, 1 seriously injured person was a staff member of the Por Tek Tung Foundation. Was shot in the chest Know the name of Mr. Chunchana Chotipra, 25 years. Disaster Relief Department sent to Chula Hospital before dying at the hospital. There were 3 injured. He was sent to Hua Chiew Hospital. In addition, the staff and volunteers of the Por Tek Tung Foundation are scattered in the area. As for the Siam Ruamjai Foundation, the parties have escaped after the incident from the inquiry of the Por Tek Tung Foundation volunteers. Which was a friend of the injured person, said that last night while he was performing their duties as usual The foundation of the foundation has reported a false incident to 4 causes chaos for the Por Tek Tung Foundation, including police officers. In the end, before the story Is a car accident In front of Lotus Rama 4, but when arriving at the scene Instead, the parties were shot from the Lotus mall. In front of the police Until a friend was seriously injured Before fleeing. In addition, the Por Tek Tung Foundation was able to collect the telephone of the offender who had fallen. And found evidence as a chat message among the culprit Asked whether to shoot yet And the culprit said that the shot They and the Por Tek Tung Foundation confirmed to ask for pressure in the area. Until the police arrested the culprit Because the house of the culprit is in the said area. Establish a new team to send to the golden dots. Overlapping with the original foundation The volunteer of the Por Tek Tung Foundation also brought the meeting summary of the Bangkok Medical Service Center. Or Erawan Center Which states that the representative of the Ruam Ruamjai Foundation agreed to suspend the opening of the Thonglor police station before the police separated the area Before the probation officer inspects and collecting evidence at the scene The part that is not yet able to arrest the offender as requested. Since it is a personal place and in the nighttime period Must gather evidence and request the court to approve the arrest warrant of Mr. Chakkaphong Rueangdej, 38 years old, is a staff member of the Por Tek Tung Foundation. One of the injured Being attacked in the eye area saying that the incident occurred at about one o'clock The parties had been released from volunteer Por Tek Tung before opening a new foundation. Then come to run in the Thonglor police station, duplicate of the Ruam Kanyu Foundation and Por Tek Tung Which is already responsible for Thonglor area There is always a wounding. Some attacks and cursing
"Sand" tells the back of the "Watermelon" image.But don't know how to get off the internet|There are still issues to follow non -stop. With the mystery of the death of the actor, the watermelon, Nida Patcharaweerapong. In the online world, a woman has shared That was taken to see the back Wear pink bodysuit With a white veil, the bottom part Is the same set that watermelons wear on the day of the incident The person who brought to the post tried to point out that the dress that was not difficult to wear was to urinate at the back of the boat. But netizens discussed that Looking at the shape Shouldn't be watermelon Because the arms are low And the skin color is not as close as Bird Techniques for watermelon boyfriend Nida has moved through Instagram @Stonerbkk again. This time, the person posted a video clip, which was 45 seconds in length, was a picture of the female protagonist while wearing a variety of swimsuit, making fans comment about the shape and skin of the watermelon. Nida is beautiful. Consistent with the debate about the images that come out, but most recently, Mr Wisa Phatthawomairat or Sand gave an interview that He was the person who took a picture of Tongmo. The said picture And sent to the police and some friends The reason that was taken was because it was beautiful. But do not know how the images are shared on the internet. Sans also said that they still talk to the people on the boat. Not worried about anything because he gave all the truth And all the evidence is very ready Right now, there are still people who curse every day. But confirmed that he would not sue back and was not angry He may listen to one side and therefore do not think to sue. But want to stop cursing Want everyone to wait and see the truth
Finish with a young star carrying a cable car, sorry for the young modelAgree to withdraw both sides|The young actor raised his hand and apologized. Ready to carry a basket Model-Net Idol After drunk and bothering until being attacked from the case of Ms. Prapasara Kongphanat or Ammy Maxim, 32 years old, with Miss Natthaom Pornprasong or Yumiko, 24 years old Net Idol traveled to meet Police Lieutenant Colonel Suthiwat Bunsiri, Deputy Deputy Chief of Police (Investigation), Chokchai Police Station, reported to Mr. Naphan Phimai, 23, 7 -year -old celebrities, was annoyed. Threatening with eyes and words While eating with friends at famous restaurants, Lat Phrao Road, Khlong Chao Khun Sing Wang Thonglang District, Bangkok, while the male actor also reported assault as well. The latest progress today (18 April) at 11.00 hrs. 32 years old, model and Ms. Natthaom Pornprasong or Yumiko, 24 years old, Net Idol, along with the side of Mr. Napha Phimai, 23, actor Chong 7 and Obviriya, personal manager. Of Mr. Napha Went to the show On Workpoint by Mr. Napha Had repentant Raised his hands and apologized for the incident And apologize to the restaurants that have been affected. At the same time, Mr. Naphan brought the fruit basket to Ms. Prapasara and Ms. Natthaomphon to apologize. In which the female model and the famous net idol forgive and not fascinated After the said program Both sides will meet the investigation officers at Chokchai Police Station to proceed with the withdrawal.
The spouse returned from Songkran shock!The safe cabinet was leverage 10 million. There are only 2 outsiders.|Two spouses returned from Songkran trip. To the knee The criminal raided the hidden safe. Sweeping over 10 million baht. Reporters reported that today (18 April) at 16.00 hrs. Mr. Juthasit traveled to meet. Police Lieutenant Colonel Rungsak Nanthawet, Deputy Inspector (Investigation), Huai Khwang Police Station, after being attacked by a criminal, leverage the bedroom, 2nd floor, located in Soi Ratchada Niwet 9, Samsen Nok Subdistrict, Huai Khwang District. Over 10 million baht. The incident occurred at 22.00 hrs. On 16 April, the scene was on the 2nd floor of the bed. The safe was dragged out in the middle of the room. The condition was leverage the back. Found that the missing property consists of 60 baht gold, 90 baht gold, a 45 million -o'clock diamonds, 3 Rolex, 1 million baht, 1 million baht, 1 thousand baht, worth 50,000 baht, totaling about 10.35 million baht. Mrs. Wannida The wife of the house owner said that before the incident on April 14, the family traveled to Chonburi until 16 April during 17.00 hrs. Found an abnormality of the bathroom window opened. When walking around the house Found windows and doors that installed the wrought iron of the kitchen was leverage, causing the door to damage. At first, it was considered safe because the safe was installed hidden in a new built -in cabinet. Which the cabinet itself weighs more than 50 kilograms and is embedded to the room No one should know. But when going up to see that the safe is pulled out of the installation point In which the cabinet was leverage on the back, closed In which he was shocked why the cabinet is easy to leverage, only a thin steel sheet Paste the most assets will be important documents, gold, 60 baht, 90 baht gold bar, 4.5 million o'clock, 3 ROLEX, worth 1 million o'clock, tag Heuer, 1 house, 50,000 baht and more than 300,000 currency cash. A certain amount And from the inspection, the drawers were also leverage Remove the cash that was taken out for more than 100,000, including 2 amulets in the mother room that were placed on the cabinet, and the observation points of abnormalities Also found a chair placed in the corner of the wall And at the wall, there is a stain like having to delete something Normally, the chair will not be placed here. Which has been reported to the Huai Khwang Police Station and throughout the 1 year that came here At home, the criminals were stroked by the villains, such as light bulbs, wires and small items during the construction of the house. As well as not participating in the house deposit project with the police Because he didn't think that there would be an accident Won the staff to help follow the criminals to prosecute because the property that the criminals were taken to be the property of the family, both their own, mother, aunt and others that were deposited during the process of moving safted with the bank. Which most of the assets have the mental value of everyone Because it is a heritage of adults in the family. In the past, no one came into the house or knowing where the safe is located. Even their relatives Except technicians who install savings and technicians who come to make a built -in hidden In which he did not support anyone Is just a hypothesis Because the criminal does not kick, must be assets on the ground floor Including other assets There is only a safe. And the drawer in the 2 -channel bedroom that the criminal leverage only the property
Feeling sin, chauffeur, unfolding the abbot of the famous templeDeceive to other provinces, please have sex|The taxi chauffeur reported the abbot of the famous temple many times. Deceived to Phu Thap Berk, would like to have sex Finally, using the hand to help until the orgasm reported that today (18 April) at 18.00 hrs. Mr. Amnat, 52 years old, a taxi driver. Traveled to report to the police officers of the Deputy Deputy Director (Investigation), Bang Yai Police Station to prosecute a famous abbot of Bang Yai area Which has behavior in the manner of a man who loves to lure Before asking to have sex with himself, but he does not agree. Finally, must use hands to help the abbot of the temple until the desire All the time, the temple will use the trick to trust himself, regardless of saying that I'll buy a car Buy over there. Or even help with money, if you interrupt the power Revealed that I have a taxi driving career. Being used by this Buddha image through the application To deliver there many times here Every time you get in the car, it will be molested. Capture secret things before the trick that I will buy a new car for myself. Rent a car. Also, when the chopper rented Almost not enough to pay the rent on some days I have a small hope in my heart. Be patient with the behavior of this Buddha image all the time. Every time I use the service until around December 63. This image is called hiring myself to drive to Phu Thap Berk. By claiming that the kith and kin invited As well as saying 5,000 baht, but when he reached this monk and told him to drive to a resort where the room has been booked in advance Before trying to have sex with him, but he did not agree and said that he would use his hand to help In which this monk agreed and completed the desired business Before returning and giving money to yourself as a 5,000 baht car. After that, delete the line. Blog LINE Didn't contact each other for a while until August 64, he greeted him about the suffering during this period, did you have money? Finally, call to get money. And do the same But this time at the abbot And said that he would give 10,000 baht, but in the end, after entering, he was asked to have sex But he did not give what he wanted The abbot gave 1,000 baht to the wages that he used his hand to help until he tried to persuade him again. But I feel bad, I feel sin, so I can't tell. Then told to go to the Buddhist Bureau He blocked. "At that time, the cubicle could be plugged in. I would not agree. I just wanted to help with some money in order to live. But in the end, he wanted more than that, "said Mr. Amnat, that he did not give him, refusing to think that he should not be the first. He said that the abbot would do this to many people, but no one dared to speak. Because everyone is afraid of sin Afraid of many things, which he had thought for a long time But during this period, there is news of this kind of news He believed that there were quite a few victims who were acting like themselves. He thinks that it can be done to others, it would be the same. He thinks that the position is as big as in this industry. Doing this is not appropriate to be in this position. Inappropriate behavior Should have done a lot of other people He always thought like a ghost, haunting all the time that he did bad things, even though he wanted to get money. But he felt bad Now he thinks must come out. If he didn't come out, he would be like this forever. He thought that someone had to dare to give the news so that he could stop this behavior. Society will be better. Later, reporters traveled to the temple in order to find the facts. And provided fairness to both parties to ask to interview the abbot, but not only the temples that informed that the abbot went out to accept the invitation when the reporter asked about the incident. The said temple refused to talk about Before using the phone to find someone and take a picture of a reporter Before the reporter tried to contact the Abbot's phone number many times But no one answered in any way
Issued an arrest warrant for 9 volunteers, amputation cases in the middle of the city, dead.|South Phra Nakhon District Court Approve an arrest warrant for 9 rescue volunteers to attack each other while the Deputy Commander of the Metropolitan Police. Release the police Enter the target area to prevent and suppress after the crime, Police Major General Samrueng Suanthong, Deputy Commander of the Metropolitan Police. Release the police line and special operation or 191, along with the police investigated the investigation. Metropolitan Police Headquarters And the police investigated the Metropolitan Police 5, searching the goals in accordance with the policy of the Royal Thai Police. To prevent and suppress crime in the area of Thonglor Police Station And nearby. Pol. Maj. Gen. Samrueng revealed that initially traveled to instruct the search to mobilize to prevent the incident from occurring. Pol.Lt.Gen. The Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army assigned to be called the Thong Lo Police Station. If there is a matter of not understanding, please talk well. Warning to volunteer staff Do not let each other make a violent incident. As for the search for rescue volunteers that may cause an accident. Normally, the staff already operate. The communication system has a radio center through the sky, with the Office of the Army. 191, helping to inspect as a fast moving set to suspend the incident. Go to talk to understand Which will participate in the investigation to prevent the said cause As well as the area of the incident in front of various department stores that are expected to be a risk point after South Phra Nakhon District Court Issuing an arrest warrant for the arrest warrant of 9 arrest warrants in the volunteer case, 2 rescue foundations, raising the physical assault, closing the road in Rama 4, with 1 death and 4 injured on April 17, there were reports that all 9 arrests are Volunteer of the Siam Ruam Jai Foundation But still cannot reveal the details But it is reported that Most recently, the police have taken the arrest warrant to detain 2 people in Phra Khanong area. By investigating to expand the results at the Thonglor Police Station, Mr. Wirasak Wongsri, 20 years old and Mr. Preecha Chan Saeng, 28 years old. On charges of mingling with weapons, causing death while The Deputy Commander of the Metropolitan Police confirmed after the incident of the Metropolitan Police Headquarters. To increase strictness And put measures to prevent the incident from being repeated. In addition, the representative of the 2 foundations to understand to find a balanced balance in working together.
Be jealous of a good -looking wifeUsing a gun to shoot his wife on the mattressBefore shooting himself in front of the 5 -year -old child|The husband used a long shotgun to shoot his wife on the bed. Then shot himself into the 5 -year -old son, crying out to open the door for the relatives With the face of the blood, the reporter reported that today (19 April), police officers proven evidence in Tak Province. Traveled to one house, Ban Wang Pha, Village No. 4, Mae Cham Subdistrict, Mae Ramat District, to investigate the scene And collecting evidence in the house after Mr Pichit, 29, quarreling with Miss Anatica, 28, who was the reason why Mr. Pichit used a long shotgun to shoot his wife and died on the bed. Then use the same firearm to shoot himself until he died on the bed, the incident occurred in front of their sons, who are 5 years old at 01.00 hrs. On April 19, officials inspected the bedroom to record fingerprints. And inspected the long shotgun used with 4 shells, while the female sister facilitates the staff. For this matter, Mrs. Natcha, the sister of Ms Anatica, said that the man has a problem for 2 months. Past In which the man was during the suspicion of a good -looking sister When going to work, the phone was followed at work. Even though the sister is not talking too much And always denied Later, the two of them were clear until they understood. During the past Songkran, they traveled together. Watering the adult head together He also talked to Mr Pichit that There is nothing to disgust each other in this house. Please help each other to make a living. Despite being owed by the BAAC The man understood well. Ms Anatica said that the latest on April 18, the man took the car to pick up the sister at Tha Transport in Mae Sot. Which is the workplace of the sister And returned to eat together at night Arguing again until the man shot at the woman And shot himself to death In front of the 5 -year -old son who cried loudly, shouting "dead parents" before unlock the bedroom door. With the blood of the face
Crazy man!Run shouting into the famous department store in Ratchaprasong areaBefore holding a knife to pierce 2 girls hurt|Gathering the man's crazy man to pierce 2 injured women in the middle of the famous Ratchaprasong area. Confessing, never knew the victim before, reporters reported that today (19 April) at approximately 16.30 hrs. Police officers in Pathumwan police were notified of the criminals causing the use of weapons to pierce the people who walked inside the mall. At least 2 injured products were 2 women in front of a clothing store on the 2nd floor of the famous department store. Ratchaprasong area Before the culprit ran away The injured were taken to the police hospital. Therefore led the patrol to investigate the incident. Later, the police were able to detain the culprit as a man named, Mr Thanaporn, 23 years old, was in a state of ignorance. Both didn't know each other before. While the injured was walking in the mall. Suddenly, the culprit ran and cut the cutter knife back. Before running away and being detained from the inquiry Events Told the event that The criminal is a man aged about 30 years, wearing a hat and a black shirt. Looks like a man who is unconscious. Holding a small dagger Ran shouting into the mall Before using a knife in the hand to pierce the woman who was walking out of the bathroom and attacked 1 woman standing near the escalator, 2nd floor near the shirt shop. With a knife stabbing near the neck and injured face After that, the woman ran into the shirt shop. The man who caused the incident ran away while the atmosphere in the area of the latest shirt shop has closed the shop. With the police inquiring and recording the shop as evidence As for the atmosphere in the mall, the situation is normal. People still come to buy as usual. And do not know that the incident occurred. Col. Phansa Amarapit, the director of the Pathumwan Police Station, said that after being notified by the patrol officer to reach the scene of the incident within 4 minutes to meet. The injured were 2 women, with the first 27 years old, a clothing store, before the incident while walking out of the bathroom to return to work at the shop. Met the criminal at the back and then used a cutter knife to the left face By not being able to set himself up Is a wound After that, shouted for help. Then ran into his own shop. During that time, another victim was about 20 years old, a customer of the mall who was walking through the scene. This man went close to the same cutter knife to cut the neck. Before the culprit ran away in the mall And was detained by the police from the investigation that both the injured and the offender had not known each other before. While the cause of confusion, the police detained that Pathumwan police station from the investigation found that the culprit named Mr Thanaporn, 23 years old, is a resident of Lop Buri province. From previous history checking Found that he had been prosecuted for drug abuse The police then examined the urine to find substance abuse in the body but could not find it. And when he detained in the cell This man began to calm down. Began to testify to the police that they did not know the injured And while causing the incident, he was not aware of how it was caused by the history that this man in the past had worked as an electrician. But currently unemployed And became homeless Living along the overpass around Sanam Luang for the cause of walking into the mall The accused claimed that he wanted to go to work.
Still shocked, Father told a thrilling minuteThe daughter was scratched by a luxury necklace in the middle of a luxury department store.|The father of the young lady, 1 of the victims, was crazy about the cutter in the mall, sewing 10 needles, revealing the most confusing. But not safe from Kranawan (19 April) at approximately 16.30 hrs. Police officers in Pathumwan Police Station were notified of a criminal causing the use of weapons, knives, cutters, piercing those who came to travel in the mall. Famous product Ratchaprasong area There were injured as both women. Before the culprit ran away And was detained later According to the news, the latest at 19.00 hrs. One of the victims of young women Not yet 20 years old with family Traveled to Pathumwan Police Station to give a testimony to the inquiry official by The injured father Gave information that My own family traveled to the mall 3 people, parents, children while walking in the mall. Unexpectedly that the said incident would occur. The criminal came immediately by using a cutter knife at the neck of the daughter as a wound, had to sew up to 10 needles. And didn't think this would happen in a luxury mall in the heart of the city Now the family is shocked about the incident. Which is unclear how the security measures of the luxury mall are From the incident Still do not think of anyone Let's take care of your child's feelings first. Because he was injured in both the body and mind in the public relations department of the mall Traveled to Pathumwan police station to clarify with the media By confirming that there are strict security measures After the incident, the department of the mall was able to arrest the culprit within 5 minutes and notify the police. In the case of suspicion that dangerous objects can enter the mall The public relations department of the mall reported that the weapon used to cause a cutter knife The scanner cannot check. But if it is a kitchen knife Or other types of knives can be checked immediately In this case, the mall will inquire with the security system administrator of the mall again. To improve Prevent the occurrence of repeat events again. As for the injured, the mall will be healed and responsible. It was observed that The man who committed an unexpected homeless person, which nowadays there are many people in Bangkok, if there are relevant agencies to take care of responsibility. To make history and take care of these people To prevent the incident from another reporter reported that At the time of the incident, BamBam Gunpimuk Phuwakul or BamBam Got7 is in the mall on the 6th floor. The scene on the 2nd floor, on Facebook, the CentralWorld fan page has posted an explanation. Stated that "From the incident The security team of the shopping center has suspended and detained a bad man in a timely manner within 5 minutes and coordinated the police to proceed quickly. In which the shopping center immediately brought the injured to the nearest hospital And now has been safe and safely maintained The shopping center is fully ready with the standard of operations, suspensions, fast and systematic incidents. For the maximum safety of customers who use the service
2 young victimsTold the minute, was cut by the cutter-back.In the middle of the famous Ratchaprasong mall|From this one (19 April) at approximately 16.30 hrs., Pathumwan police officers were notified of a criminal causing the use of weapons, knives, cutters, piercing those who came to travel in the famous department store. Ratchaprasong area There were injured as both women. Before the culprit ran away And was detained later According to the news, the latest Col. Phansa Amarapitak, Director of the Pathumwan Police Station, said that after being notified The patrol officer arrived at the scene of the incident. When he found the injured, the first 2 women were 27 -year -old women's clothing staff, said that before the incident while leaving the bathroom to return to work at the shop. The criminal approached the back and used a cutter knife. Slit at the left face area By not being able to set himself up Is a wound Therefore shouted for help Then ran into his own shop. Another victim, about 20 years old, was a customer of the mall, saying that he was walking through the scene The criminal went to close and then use the same cutter into the neck. After that, the culprit ran away in the mall. Before being detained by the police from the investigation, knowing that both the injured and the offender had not known each other before. In which the cause of confusion and disturbing the police then detained Pathumwan police station from the investigation found that the culprit named Mr Thanaporn, 23 years old, was prosecuted for drug abuse. The police then examined the urine to find substance abuse in the body but could not find it. After calm The said man testified to the police that they did not know the injured. And while causing the incident Did not know how to cause the incident, but from the history inspection found that this man had worked as an electrician But currently unemployed Become a homeless Living along the overpass around Sanam Luang. The reason for walking into the mall The culprit claimed to go to work.
26 Apr meet!The Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Command 1 announced the closing of the watermelon case.No evidence was found to be a murder.|The Commander in Chief 1 confirms the closing of the watermelon case, Tuesday 26 April, revealing the wounds with the propeller. No evidence was found to be a murder today (20 April). Pol. Maj. Gen. Jiraphat Phumjit, Provincial Police Commissioner Region 1 revealed that yesterday (19 April), the investigation team brought the case. And the case of the death of Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or Watermelon drowned. Chao Phraya died on February 24, reported to Pol.Lt.Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, the National Police Commissioner (Commander in Chief), considered that the Commander in Chief did not order to investigate any additional issues. Because he saw that the evidence was complete On Tuesday 26 April at 13.00 hrs. The investigation team of the case will be closed. At the Nonthaburi Provincial Police Division Before sending the phrase to the prosecutor. Able to condone all the accused Which the evidence collection Has been done in the form of a committee since the day of the incident Which is more than 1 month, therefore believe in all the evidence Pol.Lt.Gen. Jirapat Also added that on April 26, there will be an explanation of every step from the beginning. On issues that people are interested in Whether it is an event, a boat, incident, offense, penalty, facts, to urinary issues At this time, the evidence indicates that it is an offense of negligence, causing death to others, which is not a physical assault. Because the body wounds match the propeller Therefore have a conclusion of this expression And confident that it can be clarified to the people. However, if the prosecutor has a doubt that you want to investigate further The police are happy to the Commander in Chief 1 said that for the issue that Mr. Achari Rueangrattanapong President of the Crime Victim Club Will submit and open the evidence of light shadow in both the time before and after the incident The investigation team has consulted with Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor. And the prosecutor recommends separating into another case By not including the case of death, which is the main case, as for the forensic evidence from all units, confirmed that it has been completely and all of them have already been in the expression. Only the inquiry official collects a little more details. The main idioms will not change.
Heavy .. The young man slits the face in the middle of the mall, not answering the question, keeps smiling, the police prepare to send psychiatric examination|Past afternoon The police detained Mr Thanaporn, the accused, caused the incident to use a knife, cut the face-the occipital, 2 young women in the famous mall to Somdet Chaopraya Hospital, Khlong San District, so that the doctor examined what the accused had a mental state. Is it a person with mental disorders? Or may be affected Or side effects from drug use for a long time Before being controlled at Pathumwan Police Station To do a thorough interrogation And brought to be deposited with the South Bangkok Criminal Court, while bringing out from the control room Reporters tried to ask Why hurt both victims Know each other personally or choose the target before? The accused refused to answer any questions. And still have a smiling face Which reporters can observe from under the mask when inquiring that The cutter knife was bought by yourself or brought from anywhere in the scene. The accused only responded briefly whether he bought it. In addition, he asked if he felt guilty or not. The accused nodded but didn't say anything. And when asked further Want to apologize to both the injured? The accused was only silent. However, it was reported that the investigation team Is accelerating the examination of CCTV at the scene of the incident Whether the accused has the nature of the preparation behavior or not The circumstances of the incident are intentionally selecting the goal or as a random style.
"Genius" unfolding has a false evidence to create a watermelon case.Confident is a murder|"Genius" opens the cool evidence of watermelon case. Unfold the process of creating false evidence Claiming watermelon is not on the back of the boat. Believe as a murder Because it was caused by drunk and sexually emotional today (20 April). President of the Crime Victim Club Announced the case of a false evidence in the case of Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or "Watermelon". Mr Akiy has opened evidence of video clips and pictures to confirm Mr Genius said that the wounds of the watermelon's legs There are articles analyzed from Dr. Thawatchai, former surgeon, Phra Mongkut Hospital, that the edge of the cutting mark is sharp. And does not appear bruised around the mouth As well as not a wound that causes death and caused by death. In addition, the nature of the wound does not cause a shipyard or a ship. Video on the bottle and watermelon on the boat Therefore expecting the hair to fall on the boat But from the first 3 evidence examination, no hair was found in any way. But found in the 4th evidence collection, which found the watermelon's hair in the back of the boat in the water In which Mr. Genius observed that It is impossible for the probation department to not find evidence of the hair in the first 3 times, and on the boat there is only the hair of the watermelon alone. And wondering if it will create evidence to be in line with the people on the boat or not. 22.06 hrs only while other times The sand came to sit in the back of the boat driver. In the video clip at 22.32 hrs. It does not appear that there are people sitting at the back of the boat. Conflicting with the testimony that the sand is sitting at the back of the boat, while the watermelon falls at the river, while 22.34 hrs. At the time it appears in the CCTV, it shows the shadow of the back boat that resembles a squatter. Before getting up and walking back into the boat At this point, Mr. Genius assumed that it might be the shadow of the watermelon sitting at the back of the boat before walking back into the boat. They still lack only one more confirmation of witnesses. In the next announcement, he will show the evidence of who stands in front of the boat. As well as a famous doctor confirming that the watermelon falls at the head of the boat or not. In which Mr. Genius confirmed that it was a murder Caused by alcohol and having sexual desire Which, if proven that the facts have been prosecuted, will proceed with the police investigated the Provincial Administration Region 1, including the additional boat people. Which has already been made on April 30 at 10:00 am
Shop ownerNoCustomer's house saving, customers are leverage.Sweeping over 10 million assets|Safe shop Confirm the officer is not involved. The knot was separated by a safety of over 14 million. Believe that the criminals leverage the cabinet. There must be many people. From the case of the criminals invading to leverage the bedroom, the 2nd floor of the bedroom, located in Soi Ratchada Niwet 9, Samsen Nok Subdistrict, Huai Khwang District, more than 10 assets. Million baht, the incident occurred at 22.00 hrs. On 16 April, the scene was on the 2nd floor of the bed. The safe was dragged out in the middle of the room. The condition was leverage the back. Found that the missing property consists of 60 baht gold, 90 baht, a 45 million -o'clock diamonds, 3 -house, 1 million baht, 1 million baht tag Heuer, worth 50,000 baht, totaling about 10.35 million baht and cash cash than Thai. 3 hundred thousand foreign currencies And from the inspection, the drawers were also leverage Remove the cash that was taken out for more than 100,000, including 2 amulets in the mother room that were placed on the closet. The house owner stated that no one came into the house or know where the safe is located. Even their relatives Except technicians who install savings and technicians who come to make a built -in at the latest safe. Channel 3 reports that reporters have received information from the homeowner about the safety companies bought and installed. Therefore traveled to the safe shop that followed the owner of the house And talked to the shop manager, found that in the case that the victim was leverage the safe Still do not know which model or brand Since it has not been contacted by the victim and that appears in the news that it has been leverage Confirm that there are many types of safe or safe cabinets. But from the news stating that the weight of more than 50 kilograms, therefore noted that The offender must certainly be more than 2 people. Because there is a lot of weight that comes out in the middle of the room In addition, the equipment used to leverage must be very strong, and most importantly, the culprit must know that The victim is not at home. Due to the leverage of the safe Will take several hours Or some models take time to cross the day of the shop If the customer bought, there will be a company officials to deliver to The 50 kilograms of safety cabinet must use 2 or more staff as well as special equipment to place, so confirmed that all the officers of the company are definitely not involved. Although the victims will not accuse or concentrate, but would like to clarify for customers to be comfortable. And the service has been open for 35 years, never happened
Trace "Bank"Positive to cause repeated incidentsLess than a month of 4 victims|Caught "Bank" Joe wrestled two girls Just punished the rape case at the end of the year 64, causing the incident to repeat one month, 4 victims in the case of a victim Lady women aged twenty years The criminals were attacked into the bedroom at three o'clock on April 11, 65 to use a knife to hijacked the victim, but the victim reserved his consciousness. Before relying on the rhythm of running away from the room until the stairs were injured From the inspection, it was found that the criminal climbed onto the balcony of the second floor of the dormitory and entered the sliding door on the balcony to cause the incident. The criminal will be able to dodge the CCTV in the apartment, while the police were tracing the incident for only 3 days. The officers were informed that a criminal was attacked into the accommodation in the apart. Top Which is nearby to try to cause rape and robbery, the victim, who is a young woman before dodging and later on April 18, the latest criminal, which is believed to be the same, has caused the incident in the room of the victim, a young woman And the culprit forced the victim to achieve anyone and the robbery escaped. Without fear of the law Causing fright for the people in the area of Maj. Gen. Chumpon Poomphuang, Ph.D., Samut Prakan Province Therefore ordered Police Colonel Viroj Cutso, Director of Bang Phli, mobilized a good detective set to hunt for prosecution within 3 days because the offender was the latest society in the evening of today on April 20, 2022. T. Pornchai Tetekaew, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Bang Phli Police Station Along with the investigation officer of the investigation, led by Pol.Col. Pisan Klampai, Sor.Chor. Sor. Going to trace the criminals along the various routes until the clues found this criminals along the Closed circuit on Thep Rattan Road. Nearby Until knowing this criminal Working in a company in the neighborhood Until he learned that the culprit had fled to the friend's room in Bang Khen, Bangkok. Therefore detained with the belongings as clothes, shoes that were worn on the day of the incident and two -bodies that use the victim's neck pendant Came to do the garden at Bang Phli Police Station, Pol. Col. Viroj Cutso, Ph.D., Bang Phli Police Station, revealed that for this accused from the investigation, he knew that he had just released a penalty for the robbery and rape at the end of the year. The past 2021 until applying for a factory for only three months back to patrol the incident again. By the first time on April 3, 65 at the dormitory in Soi Wat Sriwari Noi By using a knife to pendant and try to rape the victims But the victim cried out and ran away. The criminal then received a cash of 1,000 baht. The second time, the incident on April 11, the victim was a transgender woman. In the same manner, get 200 baht in cash and the third day on April 14 by using a knife to pendant and tried to rape, but the victim resists, so the knife threatened and asked for his own objects in front of the victim and won 4,000 baht. Escape and most recently, on April 18, this time was the moment when the victim was bathing, the villain waited for the victim to come out of the bathroom, then used a knife to force rape to the fullest. And won the two victims of the victim In which the accused stated that he would look at the dormitory and observe the victim first By choosing a dormitory with only the first layer of wrought iron and looking for victims that dry clothes on the balcony Once confident that the victim is a young woman staying alone, he will choose the time after midnight, climbing the balcony up to the victim's room. Relying on the rhythm of the victim accidentally locking the glass sliding door, opening the door into the incident. Initially, officials reported the allegations that Steering at night With a knife weapon And rape Before detaining to the investigation officer of Bang Phli police station to proceed with the law
Amazing in the middle of the city!Shooting van rescueThe young volunteer revealed a thrilling minute.The criminal aimed at the gun|Young volunteer, Ruamkanyu Foundation The criminal aimed at the gun Before turning to shoot the car Ambulance 3 matches before fleeing the reporter reported that yesterday (21 April) at 21.00 hrs. The shooting at Pradit Manutham Road Subdistrict-Lat Phrao District Therefore reporting the supervisor Before traveling to investigate the incident at Pradit Manutham Road The corner market intersection, found a van brand Toyota, Hyatt gray version, Ambulance sticker and Ruam Kanyu Foundation. Registration Number 5759 Bangkok Was shot in the glass area on the back, 1 shot and the back of the glass on the right side of 2 matches, no injured Next to the back of the U -turn, 3 bullets were found in the middle of the road and the sidewalk. Testified that before the incident and his girlfriend Finished sending patients Drove along Pradit Manutham Road heading to Ram Inthra Before coming to park the car at the corner market junction With the ambulance of Mullee Ruamkanyu, the seniors parked in front, then he went down to greet the seniors In which the girlfriend sat in front of the car, the driver's seat While walking back to the car Found a criminal on the motorcycle Yamaha brand, unknown red model, not attached to the license plate by the criminal wearing a dark shirt Similar to a tall, thin messenger Wear a full helmet Aiming for a firearm to him Before turning the muzzle to the back and fired 3 shots before riding a U -turn motorcycle Go back to Ladprao Escaped. Mr Chayathorn said that he didn't know whether the criminal had driven him or what. Previously, he had never had a problem with anyone who did not really know what the criminals were hoping for the purpose. Pol. Maj. Gen. Pornchai Khajornklin, the Metropolitan Police Commander 4, stated that the staff found 3 shells, expected to be a bullet. Size .380 and the police are in the process of checking the surrounding CCTV. Which, enough to know the escape route of the criminal, while the motivation cannot be concluded But the police will be compiled together with the conflict between the Por Tek Tung Foundation and the Siam Ruam Jai Foundation. At the beginning of last week And still not cut the issue of the wrong shot
The battle of the husband, late at night, 78 -year -old father, using a knife, 73 years old, died, was angry when eating.|The 78 -year -old father used a 73 -year -old teeth knife, tragically extinguished, claiming to be angry when he was eating after the incident. Pa Pa Phayom, Col. Thanasit Chongwang, Director of Pa Payom Police Station Police Lieutenant Colonel Surasak Kochapakdee, Deputy Director of Police, Pol. Pol. Pol. Manop Borphan, Deputy Director of the Royal Thai Police (SorSor.). Police Colonel Kitti Puskongsri Thong. Pol.Lt.Col. Boon Song Phadungtham, SorBorSor. The police officers of Pa Phayom and doctors on duty at Pa Palom Hospital to inspect the area of the incident. Phatthalung province, which is a one -story house in a masonry Located on the roadside in the village Police officers found the body of Mrs. Juan, 73, who is the wife of the home owner, sleeping in the sinking life, choosing in a face upside down, beside the table and marble bench. As for the criminals of the deceased, he knew the name later that Mr Somporn, 78 years old, surrendered to Police Colonel Thanasit Jongkwang, Director of Pa Phayom Police Station and the police investigation team later, initially, the said house has 2 husbands living together, and the children went. Work in other provinces In which Mr. Somporn will be responsible for cooking mostly for his wife Because the wife is not healthy before the incident, while the deceased brought breakfast to sit and eat on the carriage with the roof to prevent rain and the sun. She sitting on a marble horse spoke in a sarcasm, Mr. Somporn. Until being said that when he had eaten him Or insulting the person who is eating because the ancient people are important, but the deceased did not listen to the prohibition of the husband until causing the husband to become angry, then used a knife to the teeth of his wife to the point of death. Then brought the food to the chicken to eat And brought the mackerel to clean the blood marks And waiting for the said police
"Lawyer Tum" cried out to inspect "Maj. Gen." trying to intervene in a lustful politician.|"Lawyer Tum" submitted a letter to the Commander in Chief to investigate the behavior "Maj. Gen." try to intervene in the lust-raped politicians-many young women today (22 April) at 09.00 At the Metropolitan Police Headquarters (Bor.Chor.), Mr. Sitra Pwed, or "Lawyer Tum", Secretary -General of the Foundation, Lawyer, People Submitted a letter to Pol.Lt.Gen. Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief, in order to investigate the case of the police rank. Maj. Gen. trying to intervene in the case of the 18 -year -old victim reported to prosecute Mr. Prin. Phanitphak, former deputy leader of the Democrat Party Charged with indecent acts Col. Pramote Chan Bun Kaew, Director of the Royal Thai Police, 5 Bor.Chor. Maj. Gen. Intervene and persuade the victim By asking to check the mobile phone of the victim Regarding contact with Maj. Gen. And check that Do you have a contact with people in political parties related to the accused? As well as wanting the police to check whether to intimidate or motivate witnesses or not Initially know that Maj. Gen. Retired Had previously held a provincial commander in the eastern region Added that Since April 13 Found that the family consulted with Maj. Gen. Until finally, the victim did not do what should be done. Which the victim's family said Maj. Gen. But it is expected that it is not a relative In which the injured person began to cooperate from the date they reported to the court to oppose the bail But not yet reversed the testimony Which in the future is uncertain Therefore must be protected first Expected from the day of the incident The victim would have coordinated with Maj. Gen. Before the victim came to consult himself No one told the victim to report in any way. He was worried that when the case reached the prosecutor that may have to be interrogated to fill. The victim may give not to the case to the case. In addition, Mr. Sitra confirmed that all 15 victims were prosecuted and testified as witnesses. There is no dislike. But be careful Because the accused has started to establish After this, it must be more careful. As for the collection of evidence in the case where the victim is 18 years old, the police can collect all the evidence. Both the victim's testimony Witness testimony Including evidence Which he was not afraid of being sued Because he was protected without a name in the interview all the time And can't stop Because it's a social disaster If not stopping this person There would be victims coming out continuously. At this time, no political party has coordinated. Also revealed that At this time, he talked to the raped victims in England. And coordinated with people who can take action in England If the clothes that the victims wear on the day of the incident And the CCTV images still exist Ready for the court to proceed The incident occurred over 10 years ago. While the victim studied a master's degree The workplace at a bank Seduneed in the matter of work for the victim to come to personal apartments Then rape In which the victim has reported the prosecution But has a bad state of mind And there is also a Thai woman involved in the embassy to inform the victim that should not prosecute After the incident, the victim did not return to Thailand in any way. And the victim confirmed that the case has not yet been decided. Ready to proceed As for other victims At this time, there is no report. But must screen well Because he was afraid that a person would pretend to cause the case to be broken. Working from the police at Lumpini Police Station, who interrogated both the victim and witness Can be collected in detail Think that the police work quickly Still believe in the police But he was afraid of Maj. Gen. said Confirmed that indecent actions in front of the gift Is a criminal offense Unable to agree As for the expression of Mr Thanathanakit Amnuay or "Luk Nat", it does not affect the content of the case in any way.
The most bruised nurse claimed to be a sailor of love-registered marriage.Take the name to borrow money|The young man claims to be a sailor. Deceive the nurse to love Accelerate marriage registration Despite being in less than a month Finally, the name of the woman borrowed money. Lost tens of thousands. Reporters reported that today (22 April) at 10:00 am at Bang Khen Police Station, Mr. Ekkaphop Luekprasert, Assistant MPs, Sai Mai District, Phuea Thai Party and the founder of the silk page, must survive. S.A (fictional name), a young nurse who is the victim Reported the prosecution to Mr. Narongchai or Tai Tan, known through the couple applications Before being deceived to register for marriage And was taken by the man's name Until it was damaged. Ms. A. revealed that he knew the culprit via social media on 12 March. By claiming to be the Navy rank Before being said by the man And sowed that he wanted to register the marriage Due to being old Would like to create a family and also send photos with the people in the uniform to see, so they believe because they think that the said man is a real soldier Can support the family Therefore agreed to register the marriage as well at Lak Si on April 9. At that time, the district office informed that The man has registered 2-3 times, but the other party claims that it is not true. Because at that time working abroad And knew that the man had changed the name many times, Ms. A revealed that after the marriage registration Be together But not often because the man claims to be on duty And have changed behavior Travel to borrow money from those around you. By claiming that he took suicide pills, chasing the man out of the house, seizing ATMs Until the people around him believe in tens of thousands of money In which he never performed the said matter And causing a lot of damage Revealed that He knew from those around that the other person was not a real soldier. And have many behavior of young women in this way But when inquiring to the culprit, he was rejected. Therefore decided to travel to report, and in the morning he contacted the man to talk about divorce. But the other party told me to pay 10,000 baht in exchange for signing documents I'm worried now And afraid of not very safe Because at this time, Mr Tai Ton also confirmed that another military service in the victim, revealed that he opened a laundry shop. And got to know the victim who has been a young nurse for many years Even on April 9, Mr Tai Ton came to befriend by claiming to work as a military guard. Is a navy engineer There are 4 large contractors with 4,000 subordinates and spoke from sullen borrowing money. By claiming to quarrel with a nurse's wife until being fired from the house Holding the wallet, causing no money to eat And the wife is about to commit suicide With compassion, they borrowed 3,000 baht, which the other party confirmed that they will be returned later. But it turns out that he was quiet and unable to contact Therefore traveled to report the prosecution of Mr Ekkaphop said that the victim had conducted the offense on 2 charges, namely fraud and the charges of extortion Due to the call for 10,000 baht in exchange for divorce registration. At the same time, today's staff from the navy traveled to meet the inquiry official. To check that the profile picture is the form of any military officer Because the said picture is a real sailor Correct uniform It is expected that the culprit would choose a picture of other people who are similar to themselves to deceive the victims. Therefore, the owner of the image is considered one of the victims as well. Which may be reported later
More brutal than before, the new call center gang to download the app to suck money from the account itself.|Warning the new pearl, the call center gang is more brutal than before, download the application. Then secretly transferred the money from the bank's own app without telling the Number. Pol. Post a warning to be careful of the call center gang, which has a new pearl. More brutal and dangerous, stating that "Today there is a strange number to listen and know. That the call center gang calls to deceive At first, classic has parcels next to the customs checkpoint. There are illegal items. And advised to report at Muang Chiang Rai police station If it's not convenient The officer will coordinate according to the normal formula, cut to the police at Muang Chiang Rai police station. Inquire about that, making a fierce voice. Finally, interrogating the idiom. By adding LINE But not the original culpine video but more brutal than before Now it will be a line. Inquire about personal information When telling the name of the ID card number immediately, saying that the card number is not (He probably already has our card information In the past, he would ask the account. Inquire about the amount And let us transfer to the horse account, right? But it probably knows that people already know and will not transfer He therefore uses the jokes. "Please check our phone. That there is personal information leaking. "By having the cyber police come to talk to us To install mobile security apps This method, the general public will agree. Because it is not about the money as before, we will download the program (available in the App Store) (if it is Android will send the Android). It is Team Viewer Support. What is it? These programs It is one of the things called Remote Desktop Connection. That is to say, we are sitting in Bangkok. You can control the computer or mobile phone in Chiang Mai. 100, they are designed to be able to fix Can control another device (Must be allowed to access the device first). Currently, mobile version has been developed, which is the link above. Can control the computer Target mobile phone Will see all on the screen Postpone the program to receive SMS as if we were the owner of the device. Can you get together? How cruel? The Cyber (fake) police will teach us to receive Connection and turn back to the home screen. Leave it and do not close. On duty in Chiang Rai police station, the same person talks. He will invite to talk about other things, both threatening and comforting. Another person is entering Bank apps and press to transfer money themselves. There is an SMS OTP. He saw while the other was threatening. Invited to talk to lose concentration in time How many apps are the banks ready? Do not ask money information The account has been suspicious. The telephone controls and transferred by themselves. Really scary, not just this app. There are many apps that have this process. He was designed to be good for sure. Don't believe anything easily Do not download strange apps. I don't know where to go Or apps that do not use children in size Be careful. "
Deputy Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police revealed that the court issued an arrest warrant for politicians.Another 9 rape knot|Once the arrest warrant, wait again! The police accelerate the evidence of the case. "Famous politicians" rape-indecent, young women Expected in the middle of the next week, requesting the court to issue an arrest warrant for another 9 cases today (23 April) Maj. Gen. Triarong Phatphan, Deputy Commander of the Metropolitan Police Revealed the progress of the case of politicians being accused of obscene and raped many young women that yesterday He went to inspect the investigation of the victims who reported to the Lumpini police station. There were still 9 people who had not yet been reported to the politicians. In which he ordered the inquiry official to investigate carefully in order to gather evidence in the request of the court issued an arrest warrant for the authorities to acknowledge the allegations in the next step. Due to the case with the prison sentence of 3 years or more, the court power can issue an arrest warrant. In which 1 victim per case is unable to join the idiom In the middle of the next week, it is expected to be clear in the issue of arrest warrants in this case. The Deputy Commander in Chief also said that The other 3 victims in the area of responsibility of Huai Khwang Police Station, Chiang Mai Province And Phetchaburi Province, the inquiry official sent a notification to the incident area and knew that each police station invited the victim to take the testimony Including examination And collect various evidence To assemble the investigation as well. However Expect that in the famous politicians themselves Should be following the news If knowing that the police will ask the court to issue an arrest warrant May be surrender to acknowledge the allegations like the first 3 cases also have the same rights
Lawyer Tum!News distorting the case of a lustful politician to every case if the heart is not trueDon't ask to help|Lawyer Tum! News distorting politicians Claiming the victim's mother is not happy. The lawyer to every case if the heart is not true Do not ask for help from me (23 April) Facebook "Sitra", the Secretary -General of the Foundation, the Lawyer, the People's Lawyer "of Mr. Sitra Pwang, posted a message about the case in the case of the victim. From the case that Mr. Prin Phanitphak, former Deputy Chief of the Democrat Party, threatening sexual harassment, requesting to delete the news or change the information, stating that "If anyone asks me to help do what case And then I would like to ask to bring the story on the page and be a loud case. I don't do it. My page focuses on the truth. And always ask for permission before publishing. I myself was at risk of opening the face, having credit, reliable, must be preserved. If the heart is not true Do not ask for help from me. "" Find out that I took a picture without permission. That day I went alone I asked the staff in the shop to take pictures. I still walked to find a camera angle for the staff. Also told me to arrange me Behind it Mother came to say this, I was bad. All the victims before doing anything, I ask for permission every time. Even a small matter How much do I protect? The journalist asks the victims without problems. All 14 people will know the truth. "In addition The lawyer Tum also brought a discussion between the victim's mother. With the team of Lawyer Sitra About the presentation of one media Which accused Sisitra posting a picture of the victim until it was news Told to delete, not deleting And never appointed as a lawyer In which Mr. Sitra stated that "The truth from the mother side Journalists should have more ethics in presenting news. The presentation of news like this is damaged by others. As for this post, I don't mean anyone, especially I mean every case, because this is not the first time "by bringing the message That the victim's mother talked to the lawyer team of the lawyer Sittira stated that "the word" mother unfolding "should not be used to use the headlines in all respects Because it will cause a division Society is more divided because of this type of news. "And" We say another way. I begged not to say Do not go allusions to the lawyer. The part that he does well for society Let him have the encouragement to continue Distorting news from a little facts or using words in news presentations Even a little Causing society to misunderstand And can cause divisions as well. "Ending," Thank you for ... understand The feeling of your mother. "When the team said Can I send this message to the lawyer Tum? To confirm that the victim's mother did not intend as proposed by the news Which the victim's mother replied, "Correct And the mother also repeated before hanging up with that reporter that Whatever you say, you are in the basis of the truth. But do not affect or make the lawyer Tum discouraged to do good deeds for society. "
Ng, the young man riding a motorcycle, following over 30 km. Before invading the female bathroom in the pump, trying to rape.|Use the wrong effort The young man riding the motorcycle, follow 30 km before the female bathroom. Trying to rape the victims in the bathroom Meet Rum arrested the police, reporters reported that (24 April) at 02.00 hrs. Police officers in Bang Phli Police Station, Samut Prakan Province Was informed that a man tried to rape a young woman In front of the female bathroom Inside a gas station, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan after being notified, along with the patrol staff. And the Por Tek Tung Foundation staff Traveled to inspect the scene at the female bathroom area Meet the pump staff, villagers and Miss A (a hypothetical), 21 years old, who is the injured person surrounded by Mr. K (a hypothetical) aged 18 years, which is in a state of drug -like, substance abuse. With a wound on the left eyebrow Close to the Honda Wave motorcycle, red, registration number 1697, Bangkok Which belongs to the culprit The officer then detained the said man. Ms A, the injured, said that before the incident, he and 4 female friends have driven two motorcycles from Onnut area. Going to send friends in Bang Pakong area On the way, he noticed that the man drove a motorcycle in a strange attitude. They decided to turn into the gas station. When they turned into the pump It appears that the said man made a car. And circling the car back into the gas station While he was reluctant in the female bathroom Without knowing that the said man followed into the bathroom and tried to wrestle He then shouted to call friends and pump children to help until the fight. And helped each other to hold the said man while Mr K, who was still in a symptom of a drunken person Admitted that the actual cause And intended to rape the victims In which he drove to meet the victims around Soi Onnut 53, about 30 kilometers away from the scene, then rode a motorcycle to the victim to the gas station when the victim went to the bathroom in the said pump. He then circled the car and sneak into the victim into the female bathroom of the said gas station to cause the rape of the victims. But the victim resisted and cried to help Until being assisted by the villagers and children to help. Initially, the officer detained Mr. K, who caused the wound at Bang Phli Hospital. Ready to check for addiction in the body Before bringing back to make the arrest and report the charges Before sending himself to the inquiry official to proceed with the legal proceedings
Tomorrow, the court made an appointment to judge "Nariwit", racing Big Bike "Mok Tai" died on the crosswalk.|Tomorrow (25 April) at 9.00 hrs. At the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road, the court made an appointment to read the verdict of the case number 399/2565, which the criminal prosecutor 3 is the plaintiff sued. Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit Bualuang, Commander in Chief of the 2nd Sub -Division 1, Division 1, Division of Corporation and Civil Service (Kor Kor. 1, OCSC) is a defendant committed an offense to drive by Be scary Which may be harmful to individuals or property And negligently caused others to die And other charges in the case on January 21, 65. Narawit, the defendant, riding a Big Big bike, Ducati Monster, Dr. Waralak Supawatchayakul or Eye -ophthalmologist, Department of Ophthalmology Faculty of Medicine Chulalongkorn University While crossing the crosswalk near Phayathai junction Until death. On 22 February, the prosecutor led the police. To file a lawsuit against the court in 9 charges, namely 1. Bring the car that does not attach the license plate to use in the bus path. 2. Violation of the car that does not pay the annual tax. 3. Use a car that has not been provided to guarantee damage for victims. 4. Bring the car incomplete to drive and do not stick to the side mirror. 5. Do not drive close to the edge of the left. 6. Drive a motorcycle faster than the law. 7. Drive without considering the safety or suffering of others. 8. Drive without following the mark on the way. 9. Drive through or horror. Which may be harmful to individuals or property And negligently caused others to death, Office of the Prosecutor There is also a request for a motorcycle to confiscate the inquiry official. And requesting the court to revoke or suspend the driver's license as well By probsing or using a driving license up to the court's decision to be used for how many years Which the court has examined the testimony Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit, the defendant by reading and explained the lawsuit and asked whether to confess or reject, which S.T. Narawit announced the confession. Not fighting the court case, therefore ordered the probation officer Investigate educational history Family status and others of the police. And report to the court For consideration By making an appointment to hear the verdict on April 25 at 09.00 hrs. Go during consideration With an insurance price of 50,000 baht
Sand testified with the back of the picture. The real watermelon asked the doctor. The gift is not full?|At 16.00 hrs. On 24 April 65 at the Nonthaburi Provincial Police Division, Mr. Wisa Patchamanomairat or Sandy traveled with Mr. Pornsak Wiphasanon. Private lawyer met Pol. Col. Somtier Ketdaya, head of the inquiry official. In order to give additional testimony in the death of Ms. Nida Patcharaweerapong or Watermelon, who fell into a speed boat until sinking the Chao Phraya River. In the middle of the night on 24 February that passed From the inquiry, Pol. Col. Somut Ketdaya learned that Sandy came to give a testimony today because The accused coordinated in order to give a testimony and more details about the said case by Sandwisa Patch and the lawyer testified about 1 hour before coming out to interview with reporters that He traveled to give an additional case of the issues that two uncle had argued. It is a testimony that is useful to the case. At this time, he was not worried about the photos behind that boat. He confirmed that it was a photo of watermelon on a real speed boat. Which was the picture that he was taking himself while traveling to Ban Ta Nid restaurant Pathum Thani Province because he saw that Beautiful friends and shapely Therefore, it was taken without knowing that in the said picture, there would be people staring at the edge of the sanitary napkin. Because he didn't stare at that much Come to know again because there are friends to nudge So he just saw As for the tattoos of the watermelon that someone has observed He can't delete anything with tattoos or netizens who criticize the shape of the people in that image. I would like to say that the images that you all are criticizing is a picture of the watermelon. After hearing the news that on Tuesday, the police will make an appointment again after the case closed the case. I feel very ok. The story will end. He was not worried. People who talk about us in a bad way will stop talking. As for the sound clip, what is the clip? Ask the doctor gift that "What do the doctor want? Not full? Enough to ask if Sans want to talk to him? This is not yet discussed. Still this much Let him continue Let's continue. He is good at "Mr Pornsak. Vipas Apanon, the lawyer, said that it was a journey to give an additional testimony. To confirm again that the previous testimony was all true And after the police have already closed the case for a while Once everything is still He was assigned by Sans to prosecute many people who were damaged. Initially, as clearly, there will be 1 case, 2 cases, 2 cases. Reporters reported that today Sandwispa wears a slipper with a bandage on the left finger. After accidentally folded And after the interview, when the reporter asked How do you feel back to see the speed boat at the scene again? Causing the sand to have a slightly shocked expression While saying that he didn't know before that the speed boat was parked here Before the private lawyer would like to cut the script and take the sandback back
The security guards 18 are jealous!Using a knife to pierce his ex -girlfriend, 31 -year -old girlfriend, 4 wounds|The 18 -year -old security guard used a knife to pierce his ex -31 -year -old girlfriend, 4 wounds. On yesterday evening (25 April), Deputy Director of Pak Kred Police Station, Pak Kred District, Nonthaburi Province, was notified of a woman stabbed died in Soi Lan Thong village, Pak Kred District, Nonthaburi Province, along with a doctor. From the Institute of Forensic Science and Volunteer staff of the Por Tek Tung Foundation. Volunteers of the Por Tek Tung Foundation help each other to do CPR. Miss Nam (name is assumed), 31 years old, a convenience store employee after being Mr. V (a hypothetical) aged 18 years. stab In the area of the chest, 4 wounds died at the scene. Standing and waiting to be around with the police A little far away, found a kitchen knife, about 1 foot long. Mr. V, 18 years old He and the deceased broke up for almost a month. At first, he said that he was drunk and sitting and smoking here. Come to sit with a friend at work, a man Which had previously been a problem with this person before breaking up. Then came to sit here, so he called him and said, "When I didn't want What to call to do? _ What? " Come to know again, then do it He stabbed about 4 times. In his chest, he stayed here. He came around here and he looked at the balcony. He stayed in the area of bypassing the city. They said before breaking up. Because he had a problem with this man That if it is not necessary, it's not about work. Do not interfere from the inquiry. Miss Maneerat, 28 years old, the colleagues of the deceased, said that they came to eat with the dead. Because the deceased called to say, want to talk to colleagues together Therefore made an appointment to talk here and the culprit, he called the deceased Because he saw that many people were smoking outside, 4-5 people who committed the crime The deceased said that he didn't go out because he would return. So he went inside And another younger girlfriend came to pick up So he was about to return to the culprit to follow the bus and snatched in front of a shop and walked to the dark. He therefore followed but could not catch up. He heard the voice of a woman singing once and still. The man who caused the incident raised his hand. "I gave myself." He had quarreled. Hit each other. Green eyes and broke up to disperse. Police officers in the investigation have detained Mr. V. The culprit went to investigate at Pak Kred police station to proceed with the legal proceedings.
urgent!The court ordered 1 year, 15 days.Big Bike Chonchon Fog|The Criminal Court ordered 1 year and 15 days of imprisonment, not waiting for a criminal. "Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit" racing Big Bike "Mok Tai" died while crossing the crosswalk. Reporters reported that today (25 April .) At 09.00 hrs., Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road Make an appointment to read the verdict of the Black Case No. 399/2565 at the criminal prosecutor 3 as the plaintiff sued. Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit Bualuang, Commander of the 2nd Command, Division 1, Division of Corporate and Civil Service Division (Kor Kor. 1, OCSC) is a defendant in the case of driving a motorbike. Dr. Waralak, MD. Suphat Jariyakul or Misty Medical Expert in Ophthalmology Department of Ophthalmology Faculty of Medicine Chulalongkorn University died while crossing the crosswalk. Most recently, the Criminal Court read the sentence. Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit 1 year, 15 days and a fine of 4,000 baht without waiting for the punishment for this case, due to on January 21, 2022, Nariwit, the defendant riding a big motorcycle. Ducati brand MONSTER, registration number 1, 9942, Dr. Waralak Supawat Jariyakul or an ophthalmologist Faculty of Medicine Chulalongkorn University While crossing the crosswalk near Phyathai junction until death. Later, on 22 February, the prosecutor brought Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit To file a lawsuit against the court on 9 charges, namely If more details will be reported
The police spokesman pointed out that "Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit" must immediately leave the government.After being imprisoned by the court|The police spokesman pointed out that the police must order the police to Chonchon "Mok Rai" to death immediately from government service. After the Court of First Instance sentenced to 1 year, 15 days, without waiting for a criminal, Maj. Gen. Yingyot Thep Chamnong, spokesman for the Royal Thai Police (spokesman) revealed that the Criminal Court ordered imprisonment. Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit drove the car, Dr. Waralak Supawat Jariyakul or the fog died while crossing the crosswalk for 1 year, 15 days, fined 4,000 baht without waiting for a criminal driving offense by negligence. Or scary Which may be harmful to individuals or property And negligently caused others to die And other charges of a total of 9 charges. Previously, the Royal Thai Police ordered Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit Must leave the government first The spokesman for the Royal Thai Police said that the police will have another order. Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit Immediately left the government By referring to the court order But if after this Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit Appeals have been submitted in the next floor and changes to other decisions. Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit Has the right to submit a request to enter the civil service But it must also depend on the court order. Most recently, after the Criminal Court has sentenced to imprisonment and the defendant, the father and supervisor of Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit, the defendant submitted a temporary release request between the appeal. By using government positions as securities Which the Criminal Court considered and allowed the temporary release of the defendant during the appeal of 200,000 baht
Family, Police Lieutenant NarawitPrepare to appeal the case of a fog.Court bail|The father and the supervisor of Police Major Narawit Bualuang submitted a petition to the court to release. Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit Temporarily between appeal By using government positions as securities On Monday (25 April), the Criminal Court considers and allowed the temporary release of the defendant during the appeal of 200,000 baht. This movement was held after the Criminal Court. Ratchadaphisek Road There is a sentence to imprisonment. Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit 1 year, 15 days without waiting for criminal From driving a motorbike Female doctor Waraluck Suphat Jariyakul or Misty Medical Expert in Ophthalmology Department of Ophthalmology Faculty of Medicine Chulalongkorn University Until he died while crossing the crosswalk In front of the hospital, Bhumirat Karolin Institute, Phayathai Road, Ratchathewi District, Bangkok
Open the decision.|Opening the verdict of the Criminal Court. #The fog that many people wonder why "S.Naree Wit", the defendant to prison for only 1 year, 15 days, fined 4,000 baht, not waiting for punishment. Along with seizing the car and revoking the driver's license today (25 April) at 09.00 hrs. At the consideration room 907, the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road, the court made an appointment to read the verdict of the case number 399/2565, which the criminal prosecutor 3 is the plaintiff sued. Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit Bualuang, 21 years old, Commander of the 2nd Company, Division 1, Division 1, Corporate and Division (Kor Kor Kor. 1) is a defendant in an offense. Driving base by glorifying or scary Which may be harmful to individuals or property And negligently caused others to die And other charges of 9 charges, which the Criminal Court has a thorough judgment As follows: On January 21, 65, the day of the day, Naree Wit, the defendant riding a Big Bike motorcycle, Ducati, Model Model Model 1, 9942, Chiang Rai, MD. Ralucks Supawat Jariyakul or Misty Misty, Rajavithi Hospital while crossing the crosswalk in front of the Taiyaphon Krin Hospital, Phayathai Road, Tambon-Ratchathewi, Bangkok, which is a community area at 108-128 kilometers per hour. Which beyond the law is 80 kilometers per hour Until causing Dr. Waralak to die. Later, on 22 February 65, the plaintiff's prosecutor brought the police. Filed a lawsuit against the defendant to the Criminal Court, a total of 9 charges, namely 1. Bring the car that does not attach the license plate to use in the route 2. Violating the car that does not pay for the year 3. Use a car that does not provide damage insurance for victims. 4. Bring the car incomplete to drive and do not stick to the side mirror. 5. Can't drive close to the edge of the left side 6. Drive a motorcycle faster than the law. 7. Drive without considering the safety or suffering of others. 8. Drive without following the mark on the way. 9. Drive a car without a horrible Which may be harmful to individuals or property And negligently caused others to die at the end of the indictment The prosecutor also asked the court to order the motorcycle that the investigating officers seized as the middle. And requesting the court to revoke Or resting the driver's license as well By probsing or using a driving license up to the discretion of the court to be used for how many years to use. Announcing the confession Do not fight the court case, therefore ordered the probation officers to investigate and examine the educational history. Family status and others of the police. And report to the court To be used for consideration Police Lieutenant Colonel Narawit, the defendant was temporarily released during consideration. Which the court has an insurance price of 50,000 baht. Today, the defendant traveled to the court with lawyers, the court ruled that The defendant was guilty under the Criminal Code, Section 291, Car Act 2522, Section 5 (2) 11, 12, paragraph one, 58, 60 Road Traffic Act 1979. Section 6, paragraph two, 7, 21, paragraph one, 32, 33, 34, 35, paragraph two, 43 (4) (8), 46 (2), 67 paragraph one, 70, 148, first paragraph 151, 152, 158, 160 Paragraph three, the car victims protection act 1992, Section 11, 39, Ministerial Regulations, Speed rate for driving in the corridor 2021, Article 3, 44 (3) Ministerial Regulations And equipment for cars, 2008, Article 3 (20), 5 (1) the actions of the defendant are many different offenses. To punish all karma as a crime Punished under the Criminal Code, Section 291, imprisonment for 2 years, the defendant confessed It is useful for consideration. There is a reason to reproach. Reduce the penalty to a krathong for half according to the Criminal Code, Section 78, the offense of using the car that does not attach the registration sign to use in the route, adjusting 1,000 baht, using a car that does not pay the annual tax 1,000 baht. Arrange the damage to the damage to 1,000 baht. The base uses the car with the mergers or equipment for the car is not complete. Fine 1,000 baht. Driving base is faster than the law, regardless of the safety and suffering of others. 15 days, the driving base is too fast than the law is required or terrifying, which may be dangerous to a person or property without following the mark on the ground. As a result, the people of death were 1 year imprisonment, including 1 year, 15 days, and fined 4,000 baht. The defendant drove a motorcycle at a very high speed. Approximately between the speed of 108-128 kilometers per hour Which is a speed beyond the law and the general public expected And also overtaking other cars near the area with cross -road traffic signs (zebra) in the area near the hospital and government offices Which is a urban area and is a community area where many people are available and use the said path throughout the day. Which is neglecting the safety of car users and other passers on the road, together with the defendant driving a car that has not paid annual taxes Causing the state to lose income and do not provide damage to the car victims Although the defendant tried to alleviate the bad effects But the circumstances of the offense of the said defendant Considered serious Therefore there is no reason to wait for the defendant to punish the defendant If the defendant does not pay the fine Managed under the Criminal Code, Section 29, 30 for motorcycles, the belongings are the assets that the defendant has used in the offense. Therefore probe under the Criminal Code, Section 33 (1) and if the defendant continues to drive, it may cause danger to the person or property of others. Therefore revoke the motorcycle driving license 64001268 issued by the Nakhon Sawan Provincial Transport Office And revoke a temporary personal driving license No. 64000905 issued by the Nakhon Sawan Provincial Transport Office According to the Road Traffic Act, Section 162 paragraph one
"Big Joker" retaliated "Maj. Gen. Pawi" brushed Mee Kiao, calling to release "Lieutenant General Manat", Rohingya case.|"Big Joke" retaliated "Maj. Gen. Pawi" does not have a call to release "Lieutenant General Manat", the accused of the Rohingya human trafficking case. According to the interview with foreign media today (25 April) at the Ratsada boat hotel, Trang Province, Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpal The Royal Thai Police said about the case of a foreign news agency published an interview with Pol.Lt.Gen. Pawi Pongsirin, a former Deputy Commander in Chief 8, resigned from the police and asylum. Politics went to live in Australia. In which the interview content has to allude to himself (Police Colonel Surachet Hakpan Yot at that time) that there was a call to ask for help and ordered temporary release. Lieutenant General Manat Kong Pae, the accused in the Rohingya human trafficking case. T. Surachet confirmed that he had never called to contact or request Maj. Gen. Pawi, as was claimed in any way. And at that time he had only the Deputy Commander In addition, the case of the case, Lieutenant General Manat did not receive bail in both the inquiry official and in the court as well. Manat died due to acute heart attack in the prison. In February 2022, in addition, he has seriously proceeded to solve human trafficking cases. And in the case of the case that Maj. Gen. Pawi has done, is complete, so if Maj. Gen. Pawi has any additional information about human trafficking cases, it can be sent to proceed. And ready to guarantee safety if traveling back to Thailand
"Big-Big-Big Joker" leads the team to search 33 points, 12 provinces, 14 platforms, hoping to fix expensive lottery|Maj. Gen. Roy together with Maj. Gen. Surachet Opening the operation of 33 points in 12 provinces, 14 platforms to solve the problem of selling government lotteries over the price with the current situation. There are more than the government lottery sellers and there is a part that sells lottery tickets through their own platforms in many ways. There is an intervention of the lottery price mechanism. Until causing the government to drag the government to be higher than the law In trouble with the people who want to buy lottery for a long time Gen. Prayut Chan -ocha, Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan Ordered the relevant agencies Jointly integrate the solution of those who have suffered from the sale of government lottery sales than specified. To build confidence for the people And help deal with the said problem Effectively and concrete in this purpose Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, Commander in Chief, therefore ordered Maj. Gen. Roy Ing Pairote, Deputy Director of Police and Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Hak Bully, the assistant director of the police, proceeding in accordance with the policy to solve the said problem. Relieve the suffering of the people In order to drive the government's policy in this regard Concretely successful By conducting investigation and collecting evidence to prosecute offenders By ordering Pol.Lt.Gen. Phanchai Chuenjaitham, Deputy Commander in Chief 1, Pol.Lt.Gen. Police Station 4 and Col. Khemarin Phisamai, Director of the Trat Province Conducting investigations Inspect the target of middlemen who have the behavior of selling or selling government lotteries at a price exceeding the various forms. Later, the Government Office has reported a complaint to the inquiry official. Rattanathibet Police Station, Nonthaburi Province, informed that there are 14 entrepreneurs involved in the distribution of government lottery plants that have circumstances that are in the network that the lottery is offering over the price specified. And the barcode of the government lottery that sells Making it impossible to check whether it is a real government lottery or not Which may damage the people today (26 April) at 09.00 hrs. Gen. Roy Ing Pairote, Deputy Commander in Chief and Pol.Lt.Gen. Helping the Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police together with Pol. Led the police team and the lottery officer opened to search according to the search warrant of the Criminal Court. Both the executive's residence Managing Director Old lottery and new lottery warehouse To gather evidence at all 14 companies related to a total of 33 platforms in 12 provinces, including Bangkok, Samut Prakan, Nonthaburi, Chachoengsao, Chanthaburi, Nakhon Nayok, Chonburi, Nong Bua Lamphu, Nakhon Pathom, Chumphon and Nakhon Si Thammarat. Police officers have inspected the government lottery that has been stored at various points of all 14 platforms, whether it is a real government lottery or not. Is it in the quota of the allocation for small traders? Lottery that is sold in various platforms Is it corresponding to the existing government lottery? And there is a lottery for sale over the price or not. Maj. Gen. Surachet said, "This operation It is a continuous operation. In accordance with the government's policy by Gen. Prayut Chan -ocha, Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Gen. Prawit Wongsuwan That wants to solve the problem of government lottery In order to reduce the problems that people encounter over the lottery By proceeding to inspect the target of middlemen who may have a circumstance to sell over the lottery Today, 33 search operations, if found that the lottery distributors have any circumstances in selling lottery prices. Or sell the government lottery without a real lottery Will absolutely proceed in accordance with the law. "
The director of the city of Petch explained "Prin" to come to acknowledge the charges of indecent.Prepare to be imprisoned|The director of Muang Phetchaburi Police Station explained "Prin" came to acknowledge the allegations. The police prepared to bring him to submit to the court. Due to oppose the bail in the inquiry official today (26 April) after Mr Prin Phanitphak, former Deputy Chief of the Democrat Party Surrender to the inquiry official Muang Phetchaburi Police Station In the case of a former political party, the 4th victim of the victims arrested that he was indecent on the day of the party. Phetchaburi revealed that Mr Prin rejected all the allegations. In which all the details asked the person to clarify themselves By the police's steps, today, just come to acknowledge the allegations and deposit the court. Because the police do not give bail at Muang Phetchaburi Police Station Therefore is considered the power of the court to consider whether to bail or not. As for the victim Brought the investigation team to see the scene But have to admit that the witness of the object may fade a bit, because the incident has passed for 2 years, but there are still 1 witness. Former Deputy Chief of the Democrat Party With lawyer Traveled to surrender to the inquiry official 1 another Phetchaburi police station after the victim of the former political party Accused of obscenity on the day of the party party in Petchburi province, which reported on April 16 ago. Before the police issued an arrest warrant on charges of obscene Muang Phetchaburi Police Station reported that Mr. Prin traveled more than 1 hour before the appointment, with a smooth expression in and out of the room of Police Lieutenant Colonel Udomsot Thongsae, Deputy Director (Investigation), Muang Phetchaburi Police Station and the room of Col. Wanchai Khaoram, director of Muang Phetchaburi Provincial Police Station In order to acknowledge the allegations, which today there is a media to attach the news closely But Mr Prin did not give an interview at all, while the progress of that case Currently, there are 15 victims, able to gather evidence of the court to prosecute 3 Mr. Prin.
The police announced the watermelon case to sue all 6 accused-destroyed evidence.|Police Lieutenant General Phaisan Wong Watcharamongkol, Nonthaburi Provincial Police Commander Press conference on Tuesday (26 April) that the police should order to sue all 6 suspects involved in the death of watermelon actors-Nida Patcharapong, 37-year-old actors as follows: Police Lieutenant Jiraphat Phumjit, Region 1 Provincial Police Commissioner who joined this press conference Call for all sectors to believe in the police work. "Please believe in the Provincial Police Working Group 1, please believe in the judicial process." Pol. Maj. Gen. Jiraphat Said the Provincial Police Commissioner Region 1 emphasized that this press conference was not a closed -case statement that many parties understood. But is a clarification of the case of the case to be submitted in the next step in accordance with the judicial process. Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapat Confirmed that the reason for sued the accused with a negligence caused by others to death Because there is a clear evidence that the watermelon does not fall by a boat by himself But caused by the negligence of the accused. "I confirmed. The accident may be able to understand that the accident may be a matter that Khun Watermelon falls into the water. I confirm that it's not. We have evidence to believe and order that someone is negligent, causing Khun Watermelon to die. "Pol. Maj. Gen. Jiraphat Said Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapat Answer the media questions about whether the watermelon went to shoot at the back of the boat or not. That no urea was found at the back of the boat Because it is a soluble substance But there is evidence that the watermelon goes to the said area of the real boat And emphasized that the evidence pointed out that it was not a ship. "Where the journalist asked, who was the latest questions about what substance did you find? It can't be found. Because the urea dissolves in water And the board sheet that is flooded all the time So there is part But we take many other evidence together and have a belief that he will go there And then fall With the acts that occurred as we reported to all 3 suspects. "The Provincial Police Commissioner Region 1 confirmed that there was no fight on the boat.
Mae Watermelon is not a murderer.Won social media stopped cursing-Stop making news for people to hate.|Mrs. Panida Sirutyothin The mother of a 37-year-old actor who passed away, watermelon-Nida Patcharaweerapong announced on Tuesday (26 April), calling on the internet users to stop, curse or release fake news to create hate. " Mother has done it. One part that curses the template is very rude. There are almost 10 evidence. And then it will be more than that, because he is still cursing non -stop. Mother is not a murderer. Mother is the mother of Nong Mo. But come to curse your mother, disappear, is it available? Do you have some brain? The mother of the late actor mentioned the news that was talked about on social media. Claiming that he criticized his daughter's boyfriend that his daughter wasland He never said so. And creating this fake news is damaged to the boyfriend of the watermelon. "You don't have any conduct ethics. You wrote a story like this. Why did you make up a story like this? Damage to Bird Mother is fine. Mother doesn't care anymore. But damaged with Bird Which Bird did not let the media Give any news to anyone He was quiet for him, but he said that he said that the person who wrote it jumped into the water, jumped to death, better to sit and write like this. "Mrs. Panida Also called on the media and internet users to help follow the author's body. The mother of the watermelon said to the police press conference about the summary of the case that occurred at the previous period of the same day that My own police Next, I have to wait in the prosecutor. "Mother said that I have to wait at the prosecutor. Because the police are doing your job. Is it right? Some level. Investigate in the form of 5 boxes, 8 boxes, 8 boxes. You are already tired and done already. This is your work. You have to send it to the prosecutor. We have to wait at the prosecutor that in the details. The prosecutor has the right to request more details. Can call a lot more evidence If you are wondering where Until you summarize this expression to the court, "said Mrs. Panida.
"Big Joker" led the team of 17 platforms to make expensive lottery numbers.Found the sky dragon sold through downlines.|The police found 17 online platforms breaking the law, resulting in expensive government lottery tickets. Investigation found more than 3.9 billion in the sky dragon. Is it wrong to take the money laundering exam? Today (27 April), Pol.Lt.Gen. Wuttibama Deputy Director of the Government Lottery Office And related agents Jointly announced the results of the search at 33 points in 12 provinces as follows: Bangkok 14 points, Nonthaburi, 3 points, Samut Prakan 3 points, 3 points, Chanthaburi, 2 points, Chumphon 2 points, Nakhon Si Thammarat, 1 point, 1 point, 1 point, Chachoengsao 1 point, 1 point, 1 point, Yasothon 1 point, Nong Bua Lamphu 1 point to prosecute companies or entrepreneurs who have the behavior of selling government lotteries through online platforms at a higher price than the law of 14 platforms, totaling over 10 million copies. Pol. Maj. Surachet said that all over the country are sold. Government lottery through a total of 17 platforms. Each platform has different styles and mechanisms. Making it more expensive, which in 17 platform yesterday, searched 14 platforms, can be divided into 4 forms, namely 1, the company will go to buy the lottery Come to scan directly on the platform By closing the barcode and the symbol of the lottery Which is different from the addition of service fees. Add form 2. The lottery imports are no different. But will sell via downline with over price 3 Even if sold not over the price But the barcode is concealed and the 4th symbol is distributed through the application by determining the price itself. Officials will check that the concealment of bars and symbols In order not to know who is the quota of anyone due to fear of canceling the quota Or want to be sold repeatedly If it is found that it is to be sold repeatedly, it will be considered a public fraud. For the case of the Blue Dragon Company, there is a complex structure. From the seizure of over 2.2 million lottery seizures, it was found that the lottery was imported from 2 channels, namely small customers with quota. The lottery has approximately over 200,000 copies, and the other way is through 3 affiliated companies that can be collected by more than 1.8 million, then scan. And the Blue Dragon Company will sell through the star line continuously Found that there are more than 3.9 thousand and each order Will order from the bottom to Therefore, it can be seen that the Blue Dragon Company is not a central market that allows small lottery to sell. Which has been prosecuted for 4 arrest warrants. The website of the Blue Dragon It has not been closed due to the consideration of the court. There will be further investigation whether it is considered a financial laundering foundation or not. If entering, there must be a continuous seizure. And stating that in the future, the lottery Division will have to manage the platform to solve the whole system in accordance with the correct mechanism, while Mr Taeta said that there are 3 types of lottery representatives, consisting of 1. The Association of Corporate Foundation is a juristic person 2. General retail agents 3. People with disabilities in these 3 categories. If there is a mistake, there will be punishment. As for the association, now the measures that the committee has set is the first time, the 2nd warning, 25% cut, the 3rd, 50% cut, and finally do not make a contract to the small traders will change to find new people. Which this measure is currently being implemented In the future, if the juristic person cannot control the members We give the opportunity to sell in the platform. Which will have a lottery of the juristic person The lottery of the general public who wants to sell to the public at the price of 80 baht. As for the previous operations in the first lot of the Blue Dragon, 9,000 quotes are divided into 1,700 distributors. Additional said that The law is set to distribute the lottery 100% divided into 3 parts which are 1. Award for 60% buyers 2. Delivery 23% 3. Lottery Division and 17% dealer, which the distributor will receive The 12% share of the amount of 80 baht is 9.60 baht. Currently, the lottery has allocated 5 distributors. Give to the distributor to retail And sell not over the price But there are a lot of people entering the system Which will continue to cut the quota, while another way that is trying to do is the platform as a channel for dealers to sell directly to the whole country without having to walk. Which must enter the platform for sale at the price of 80 baht controlled by the Government Lottery Office
Rutho, complete formula, crushing the bad lottery merchantsSteering to gamble-buy drugs|From the case on April 25, the cruel criminals occurred. Punching in front of the lottery vendors, disabled until the wheelchair falls Then crunching repeatedly Before robbing many items At the edge of the royal road number 36, as the news has been presented, the latest at 14.30 hrs. On April 27, 2022, Pol.Lt.Gen. Chumphon Saenwichai, Deputy Director General of the SSO, announced the arrest of Mr Thanaphon Chantamol or Rayong Beer, aged 26, at the room without numbers in the area of Rayong, along with the middle of the pink and pink cough. Registration for sinking 628 Chon Buri, the costume on the day of the incident Safety helmet, shoulder bag, ID card, ATM card of the victim And another amount of cash Pol.Lt.Gen. Atthasit Kitjaha, the police chief of Chon Buri Province, revealed that after the incident, the police could not remain calm. Because it was an outrageous and cruel cause Therefore ordered the investigative officers Going into the sheep area to find the criminal Get a clue, motorcycle used in the crime Before following up and arresting the belongings at the room With transsexual girlfriends Which cash from selling gold hidden on the ceiling As for the lottery The criminal claimed that he had left all of them. As for the motivation of the cause Pol.Lt.Gen. Atthasit Kitjaha, the police chief of Chon Buri Province, revealed that the culprit had a drug behavior. Online gambling Which admitted to confess that the actual cause The money is pledged to buy drugs and online gambling. As for the lottery, it still has to persist whether the criminal is actually left or not. Later, he detained Mr Thanaphon Chantamol or Rayong Beer, 26 years old to make a simulation plan on the day of the incident. By riding the motorcycle, following the lottery merchants and ordered to stop doing the lottery and punch until the victim fell to the ground. Then stomping repeatedly, taking the bag Before riding the motorcycle, the arrow escaped. But did not escape the arrest of the police
The young man bought a surprise cake.Meet a girlfriend with another manCrazy, piercing the love-catching girl in the bathroom|The young man bought a cake to surprise his girlfriend's birthday. Found a surprise My girlfriend is with another man. Crazy, piercing, seriously love Arrested for 5 hours in the bathroom at 03.00 hrs. (28 Apr 65) Capt. Wimon To Champa, Deputy Deputy Police Station, Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station Was informed of the injury As for the culprit, the use of weapons, knives to hold women in the bathroom as hostage. At the scene of a dormitory, Soi Suki 1, Bang Phun Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District, Pathum Thani Province, then went to the scene with a police officer. Volunteers of the Ruamkanyu Foundation at the scene of a 5 -story dormitory, found blood dropping out of the room number 205 as a long way down to the bottom. As for the injured, the rescuers sent to Pathum Thani Hospital. Go first and know the name of Naing Ko Ko Ye, Myanmar. Stabbed with a knife on the left arm and the left waist. With the body of the body flowing outside As for the culprit, Mr Natthaphong, 25 years old after the incident arrested Ms. Ni Ni Aung, Myanmar. Locked in the bathroom Inspect the room, found the cake bought from a convenience store that is at 1 and blood stains, which the rescue and the police have spent a long time to persuade the crime, which the offender refused to open the door and Said that he was sad and wanted to talk to his brother. Later, the police and the volunteers of the Ruam Kanyu Foundation have contacted his brother to come to the scene to persuade because the cause of the crime is in himself. Not long ago, the brother arrived at the scene. After that, the culprit opened the bathroom door and cried with regret that she had to meet her girlfriend in the room with another man. Miss Kanyarat, 25 years old, the daughter -in -law. The reason is that The younger brother has been with a woman for 7 years, which in the past, both of them worked in the factory and his younger brother, unemployed for over a year. By many events Like still unable to find work Which the woman could not accept the condition because the man didn't work Which women saw that there was nothing better Therefore separated to find a job in Pathum Thani province, which first worked in Uthai Thani province, in which the younger brother had been living for a while, his brother said to start at Ban Khon Kaen and The woman always contacted the man, not leaving him. And the man thought that there would be something so But met with the woman with other men, so the said incident occurred. Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station Inspect the CCTV, it was found that the woman and the injured man came to the dormitory at 23.57 hrs. After that, the man who committed the crime came at 02.29 hrs. After that, the man broke into the room and There was a injured person running out of the room. After that, the woman followed and came to see until being arrested. Which, after controlling the situation, then brought the culprit to the inquiry official for further prosecution
The old age of 77 kills bare-strangles, 52-year-old girlfriend, revealing when the villain is extremely evil.|The progress found the 77 -year -old old body, killing the neck of a 52 -year -old girlfriend died in 2 bodies in the middle of Korat. But the bad time is extremely bad. From the case of Mr. Sompan, 77 years old, murdered, Miss Kanchana, 52 years old, the girlfriend by using a knife to stab and used a rope to strap until Miss Kanchana to death. Before using the rope to tie his neck to death Inside a house, Ban Mai Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District Nakhon Ratchasima, the latest today (28 April), the reporter went to the area to meet Miss Somchai, 52 years old, the daughter of Mr. Sompan. The first person who found the body of the father Told reporters that Personally, not fascinated with the cause of the father's death. Which we know what kind of person our father is Which the good time was happy, but when the bad time was extremely extreme, during the day of the incident, his father was still normal, not a strange attitude in any way Or without the attitude to cause the said incident Because he was always with his father Personally, I never talked to Miss Kanna. Only sometimes he heard his father talking on the phone. Because father when talking on the phone likes to open the speaker As far as listening, it's normal. Because he didn't want to interfere with his father's personal matters, only sometimes his father brought the phone Along with allowing him to transfer money to Miss Kanna Which he had talked to the father about Miss Kanchana about the story to live together That they don't have any problems if they both come together Just come to take care of his father only. Ms Phuang Phayom, 46, the youngest daughter of Mr. Sompan said that she had never met Miss Kanchana. But had the opportunity to talk through LINE when his father lived at home Before the father moved to the sister's house Which was the scene of the incident when his father came with Had sometimes having problems with his father In which his father was angry, violent emotions, and the character of Miss Kanna As he had the opportunity to talk to him But there was still some questions about the well -being, which he had also greeted in LINE. "Will you not come to live with dad? Why didn't you come to see my father? "Which Miss Kanchana also responded that "Still can't go. Which only talks about general matters than not talking about personal matters in any way. He thinks that his father loves Miss Kanchana. Because he heard when talking on the phone, there was a speaking. Not arguing and tend to quarrel in any way
The sheriff captured the drunken man.|The sheriff followed the lustful young man. Stabbed a 16 -year -old gratitude, seriously injured after protecting the mother from being raped today (28 April) at the Crime Suppression Division. Central Police Headquarters There was a press conference to arrest Mr. Parinya (reserved surname), aged 38 years, the accused according to the arrest warrant of Sawankhalok Provincial Court, H.5562, dated 2 August 2019, which must be committed to try to kill others. The location of the arrest is in front of a house in Bang Yai Subdistrict, Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province, on April 27, at approximately 18.40 hrs. Miss A (fictional name) via Facebook And has always contacted Miss A. Later, on July 29, 2019, at approximately 14.00 hrs. The accused went to see Ms. A at home and sat and drank with the son of Miss Er. About 22.00 hrs. Miss A went to the bathroom to take a shower. The accused then followed Miss A to the bathroom, hoping to rape. Miss A then called for her son to help. The son of Miss A then jumped to kick the bathroom door, then the accused came out of the bathroom. Then argued with the son of Miss A In which the accused had put a knife in the kitchen stabbed the son of Miss A, at the body and back about 5 times. After that, the accused ran away from the house at the scene. That the accused escaped to live in a house in Bang Yai Subdistrict, Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province until April 27, the police then traveled to inspect the area Found the accused in the said house The police then showed himself and arrested. Then brought the accused to the inquiry official Si Satchanalai Police Station, Sukhothai Province, to proceed with the law.
Big Joker!Aunt to kill the grandchildren of the sea, using 21 stones when throwing, do not know if they are dead or not.|The aunt, the form of killing the grandchildren of the sea The most resistant to thieves-addicted Before the incident was smashed with steel But can compete with and then smash until centered Bring the body to the boat and throw the sea. I do not know when he has died or not. From the case of the murder and bringing the body to the sea in Bang Phra Subdistrict, Pak Phanang District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, on April 25, and on April 27, officials investigated from The rocks of 3 bodies were found that the deceased was Mr. Chalermchai or Got, aged 23, with the accused who caused the body to grasp the water, namely Mr. Sompin, 52 years old, who lived in the same house as the deceased. Later, officials arrested him. By finding a family conflict between Mr. Somphin and Mr. Chalermchai Continued until the assault of the body until Mr Chalermchai died before taking the body into the fishing boat to throw away in the middle of the sea. The progress in this regard, the latest in the afternoon of today (28 April), Police Lieutenant Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander of the National Police (Big Joker has traveled to expedite the case. And entered the interrogation of this accused by himself To the point of the incident before the incident that the man caused the killing of his own grandchildren to endure the robbery of property in the house And often persecuted by drug addiction By showing sympathy for the accused But officials have to prosecute according to the law, unable to avoid, with Mr. Sompin, the accused, has been confessing to the incident that has been accumulated for a long time. The day before the incident, there was a story with the deceased again from the deceased stolen the newly bought clothes. Mr. Somphin stated that around 01.00 hrs. On the 17th on April 18, woke up. Come to prepare to go out of the boat And found that Mr Chalermchai has stolen the new clothes that just bought With dissatisfaction, therefore calling Mr. Chalermchai to talk It turns out that Mr Chalermchai picked up the iron for a moment. But at that time grabbed the pillow to protect himself in time Before taking the steel section to smash back to Mr. Chalermchai 5-6 times until he was caught after being conscious, so he waited until he saw that Mr Chalermchai did not revive. Therefore went to drink coffee and saw that Mr Chalermchai was not aware Then took the body to carry a motorcycle towing the side and then covered with a lighting Heading to the pier, about 3 km away from the house, then took the boat and drove the boat to take the body into the sea. By bringing the stone to bind fishery tools with 21 bodies and then brought the boat back to the shore and did not know that while the sea was tied to the sea, Mr. Chalermchai died first or not, which appeared to be in line with the report. The preliminary autopsy found that in the lungs of the deceased there were water and sand in the lungs. It is possible that while being abandoned, the sea may not die. But died of drowning, while Police Lieutenant General Surachet stated that the officers have seized all the relevant devices as the middle. In which the accused admitted to the bodies of the body with 21 stones, but understood that it fell out, leaving only 3 bodies, so he floated up while the officers investigated from the stone. Therefore, it was the reason that the accused was able to quickly arrest this accused in just 3 days. But there are circumstances that steal small in the house and addicted Was a quarrel with a chronic man until the incident occurred. After Police Lieutenant General Surachet Hakpal gave a prize money to the police investigated, resolve the case from the stone that was successful. In a certain amount of money to build morale for officials And accelerated the old outstanding case in Nakhon Si Thammarat province At this time, the arrest results were satisfactory.
The drunken man woke up and woke up.The true taxi stoleClaiming to wake upThe property is tempting.|A drunken foreign boy fell asleep in front of the restaurant, waking up. The true taxi stolen. Claiming to wake up and not wake up The property is tempted from the case of the page. Want to be famous, will arrange the Return Part 3, post a story about the thief in the taxi stain Stealing foreign male property Drunk and sleeping in front of a restaurant It appears that a taxi driver Come to release the gold necklace And the bag away Causing many important cash passports to disappear Before the said taxi was driven out With a CCTV captured the incident on Friday night, 22 April, Police Colonel Duangchot Suwanjarat, Director of Thonglor Police Station Police Lieutenant Colonel Natthakit Jokkhok Sung, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Thong Lo, Police Colonel Akkhaphon Thammarat, SSO, Thonglor Police Station Sabunyaritichaikit Deputy SSO, Thonglor Police Station And the investigation team of Thong Lo Police Station to arrest Mr Tor Sak, 49 years old, drive a taxi, registration of Thala-3292, Bangkok, the culprit, along with the iPhone 11, Green, Black-Beige wallet. Arrested in front of a hotel Khlong Toei Nuea, due to 23 April 65, Mr. Manuel Bowyer, 32, French nationality Occupation as an IT employee Report Police Lieutenant Colonel Diamnhakong Chak, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation), Thonglor police station, said that the codes of the colors, departments, departments and other property Inside the bag was lost, totaling 54,200 baht. The incident occurred in front of the Lawson 108 shop within Soi Sukhumvit 22, Khlong Toei Subdistrict. The investigation has already proposed a supervisor. And the inquiry official asked for an arrest warrant for the Bangkok Criminal Court under the charge of "burglary at night By using vehicles to be convenient for the offense or taking that property Or to escape the arrest. " Had a history of punishment Charged with a type 1 drug in possession in the year 55 and 2015. According to the room, the Lacoste brand is found. The iPhone 11, a green promotion that was sold at the shop to buy a phone in Huai Khwang market after the investigation. The cause of the incident because At first I intend to wake up. Hope the victim will wake up. And passenger cars But it appears that the victim is unconscious Combined with the property of the property Therefore stolen to hope to be sold to bring money to spend Initially, sent to the investigation officer of Thong Lo police station to proceed with the legal proceedings.
Clearly, the circuit clip closed. "Khun Chanon", a young actor, drove the mother side of the parties.|Opening the CCTV. Revealed that he didn't want money. Would like to have more apologies Do not hide behind the woman from the case of Facebook fan page. Doctor Lab Panda Posted images and messages that one male actor drove a deviation until collided with a motorcycle As a result, the girl who drove a motorcycle was injured until the arms were deformed. The incident occurred in the middle of the night of the 25th of April. Later, it was found that Darat said that the said would not contact anything to take responsibility. Therefore decided to report that Hua Mak Police Station. Later, the young man, Kanchai was connected to Khun Chanon, a 31 -year -old character and a famous model. In the middle of the trend, Khun Chanon admitted that driving a car on April 25, the latest. There is a CCTV image revealing images that Khun Chanon drove overtaking before cutting the face with Ms. Wish or Nong Tik, the parties were injured. The CCTV image captures at about 22.45 hrs. You will find Nong Tik's car. Hit with the black car of the parties. Before breaking the car, squeezing into the left, the appearance will turn into Soi Ramkhamhaeng 93 at a close distance. Until colliding with Nong Tik's motorcycle After that, the car has turned on emergency lights. Before the driver opened the door, walked down to see the injured Tik, while Ms. Wish or Nong Tik, the injured revealed that on the day of the incident, he was driving a motorcycle on Ramkhamhaeng Road. Heading for Suan Son Upon arriving at Ramkhamhaeng 93, near Lam Sali Intersection Found the car of the parties changing the lane on the left Cut in front of his car until it hooks and falls after the man's sides, along with 1 woman down to help lift their car. At that time he remembered that he was a star because he didn't conceal the face. In which this male actor has a lot of sweating And said as though he had just hit a car for the first time After that, he walked to the car as if trying to find documents about car insurance, and another woman came to help take care of him. And said that it would help all medical expenses Looks like the story ends at the scene. Do not want to report Therefore have exchanged contacts continuously He then went to the hospital for the hospital. As for the stories that the male actor had to drink or not, he didn't know because after the incident, almost never talked. But the rescue elder who came to help first aid said that The parties had a similar symptom of intoxicated. Ms. Wish, the injured and the mother of the night, the mother of the injured, revealed that after the incident, she tried to contact the parties to take care of the medical expenses. Ready to send documents and evidence of treatment To confirm the cost But has been replied in the chat as a woman that will help the medical expenses of 7,000 baht and the cost of 3,000 baht for the motorcycle, totaling 10,000 baht, so he said that The injured must stop treatment. And medical expenses are more than proposed Therefore negotiated to ask for 20,000 baht, but the parties said that it was only 10,000, then he contacted the bargain, but the parties refused to say that if so would like to report Was responded to report I will let the adults come to talk. Which he did not know who the elders he claimed After that, he contacted the manager of the young actor. Was responded that he was busy Until today, there is no reply in any way. For him, now I don't want money. But would like to receive more apologies Came out to apologize through the media Come out to accept like a man Not hiding behind the woman. Later, the reporter also went down to the scene of the incident. Ramkhamhaeng Road Close to Soi Ramkhamhaeng 93, which at this point is constructing the Eastern Orange Line, allowing only 2 lanes to run. At 15.00 hrs. News reports report that Police officers contacted the manager of the young actor. And was responded to the young actor to meet the investigative officers tonight
Catching the Danish husband's gang is not divorced.My wife, a friend, set a scene to kill her husband.Hope to go to the Hordestatory, insurance.|The Danish man was hit by a car, seriously injured. Hope to go to the report of life insurance. Reporters reported that today (29 April) Maj. Gen. Atthasit Sudsanguan, Deputy Commander in Region 6, along with Maj. Gen. Rapee Pongsukphaibun Nakhon Sawan Province and Pol.Lt.Col. Printorn Phuraya, head of the Nong Kruad Police Station, Banphot Phisai District, Nakhon Sawan Province, jointly announced the arrest of Mrs. Prateep, 48 years old, Mrs. Chaemchan, 60 years old according to the arrest warrant. Nakhon Sawan No. 98/2565 and arrest warrant number 992565 in the case of hiring a killing of Danish Mr. Pia, 63 years old, with Mr. Ekasit, 24 years old, Suphanburi province, the accused had previously arrested. Using a sedan to hit Mr. Pia Hoping that Mr Fia ends his life For the benefit of receiving the insurance fee of 10 million baht regarding the said matter Maj. Gen. Atthasit Sudsanguan, Deputy Commander of Region 6, said that due to 21 April, Police Lieutenant Colonel, Phuthon Omphakaew, Inspector Investigation Nong Kruad Police Station Was informed that there was an accident in a public road in the village area 1, Bueng Plai Subdistrict, Banphot Phisai District, Nakhon Sawan Province, then went to inspect the gray Toyota brand sedan, registration number 1397, Lampang fell on the roadside In the front of the car is damaged And the glass is broken into a large hole. The parties are 2 -wheeled bicycle overturned Which is about 10 meters away from the sedan in a condition being hit by the rear of the rear of the first investigation. Looks like a general accident But from the investigation Including evidence at the scene of the photo, including making a plan at the scene The police officer Have captured many things And see that this accident Should be intentionally Therefore brought Mr. Ekasit to queue up so hard that Mr. Ekasit agreed to open the mouth to confess that Has been hired by Mrs. Jamchan To drive a sedan crashing into Mr. Pia To hope to die In dealing with life insurance But in the end, it was not successful. Because Mr. Pia didn't die Knowing that now Mr. Pia was seriously injured. Sleeping and resting at Srisawan Hospital Muang Nakhon Sawan District, Maj. Gen. Atthasit said that as soon as the bad plan was exposed from Mr. Ekasit's mouth The officer then gathered evidence before going to detain Mrs. Jamchan to interrogate and appeared that Mrs. Jamchan Gave the squealing that he was hired again from Mrs. Prateep's wife of Fia with a amount of 500,000 baht to provide someone to kill her husband in order to pay the life insurance Nang Jamchan Which is a friend of Mrs. Prateep Therefore hired Mr. Ekasit to be the one who hit the car By setting the scene into an accident In the camouflage case, but in the end, officials found abnormalities And there are so suspicious things that have to be investigated in detail And finally found that the said accident had a clue Because it was a murder hiring for Mr. Pia and Mrs. Prateep Is a couple And lived in Denmark for many years Have 2 children together. In the past, when Mr Pia and Mrs. Prateep return to his wife's homeland Will be able to buy a place to buy Which has a total of dozens of rai worth over 20 million baht until Mr Pia and Mrs. Prateep move back to Thailand Both of them have problems with each other. Until causing Mrs. Prateep to divorce In order to divide the treasure But instead stuck in the problem Unable to return to Danish And the husband would not agree, so Mrs. Prateep decided to hire Mrs. Jamchan Which had previously been involved in killing people ten years ago, but the court dismissed his own grandchildren, Mr. Ekasit to drive a sedan crashing into Mr Fia In exchange for a new car That Mrs. Jamchan promised to buy for If successful, but in the end it is not as hoped. Mrs. Jamchan then gave 10,000 baht to Mr. Ekasit as a car repair fee. Before all Will be arrested Because the police can hold suspicious Until there was a thorough investigation Until leading to the arrest of 3 suspects and finally prosecuting
The young man was gambling being dating for 9 years.|At 18.00 hrs. On 29 April, Police Lieutenant Colonel Khatthasong Song, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Samae Dam Police Station, received notification of the shooting of death. Inside the Petch Rong Village, Soi 11 Kanchanaphisek Road Bang Bon Tai Subdistrict, Bang Bon District, Bangkok, therefore, went to inspect with the Forensic Medicine, Siriraj Hospital. And the Por Tek Tung Foundation Rescue Unit at the incident in the courtyard In the middle of the alley in the village Officials found a white Toyota Vios sedan parked in the back of the Ford, the white Rangers of the villagers parked on the side of the road. Inside the sedan, found 2 dead bodies. Knowing the name is Miss Liman, 32 years old, sitting in the driver's seat. In the condition of being shot with a .38 firearm, entered the temple on the left and head, a total of 2 matches, sitting in the seat next to Mr. Chutiphong, 31 years old, the boyfriend used the same gun to shoot himself at the right temple 1. The body was tilted and tucked into the lap. Initially, the .38 module firearms were found in the middle of the center of the brake, so the details were collected as evidence from the investigation. Ms. Sakon Supa, 26 years old, a friend of Miss. . Before the incident was finished work, he asked for a car, Miss Liman left the village in order to go home too. But it appears that when he arrived at the car, he met Mr. Chutiphong, a boyfriend at Miss Liman, dating for 9 years, but just broke up for 1 month. Open the car door to sit beside the driver. He was in the car to sit. At the back of the cabin, the back of S. Sakon Supa testified that when Miss Liman drove out of the company Approximately 200 meters in the road The woman has other people, even though Miss Limanan, no one makes them argue, then Mr Chutiphong pulled the firearm up to shoot at Ms. Liman immediately. Make an appointment causing the car to crash The pickup truck of the villagers parked on the side of the road. At that time he was very shocked. Therefore hurriedly opened the door and ran away from the car back to the company When calling friends That the company came to see Found that the man used the same firearm to shoot himself. Friends have fled. "For the reason that both of them have to quit, because the man is addicted to online gambling. Like to play baccarat heavily. And because the worker is a audio salesman, unable to pay the debt by himself, until Miss Liman has to suffer to pay the debt Together with earlier The man had previously attacked Miss Limanan before, causing the father and mother of Ms. Limnan to not be satisfied, causing both of them to be separated for more than 1. The month until the incident finally traded, "Ms. Sakon Supa said. Initially, the investigative officers would give the two bodies to the doctor to conduct an autopsy. Before following the relatives of both sides, testified To continue to summarize the lawsuit according to the law
I like the same girl as the police.Calling elder to help clear, but draw the gun to shoot.|Nong called the former rangers to help clear the heart problem. I like the same girl as the police, the elder draws the gun. 9 mm. Shot. Sor. Sor. 1 hurt. 1 Reporter reported that at 22.30 hrs. Yesterday (29 April), Police Lieutenant Somwang Prang Prakhon. Investigation Officer Por Por Police Station, Na Chueak District, Maha Sarakham Province Was informed that there was a quarrel and a firearm shot dead At Ban Por Para house, Village No. 1, Por Por Subdistrict, Na Chueak District, Maha Sarakham Province, knowing the names of 2 injured, namely, Pol. At the right arm, 1 shot, the police officers accelerated to bring the injured to Na Chueak Hospital, Na Chueak District, Maha Sarakham Province. Later, Pol. The surgery was safe. The incident found a 9 mm shell shell fell. The police then kept it as evidence. The culprit is Mr. Yongwiwat or Boy, 34 years old, surrendered at the police station, Por Por. Later, the police reported the charges of killing and trying to kill others intentionally, carrying firearms in the city. The village without permission from the local registrar, shooting guns in the city, village or public way without reasonable cause. Before detaining to deposit at the police station and sent to the court Maha Sarakham Province, from the investigation of the villagers of the incident Knowing that before the incident, S. Wichit went to see Ms. Tan (a hypothetical name), a girl who was dating. At the house after the incident To eat together, but found that Mr Beer, the younger brother of the gunman Driving a motorbike to send Miss Tan, causing the police to be dissatisfied, then argued. Then separated In which Mr Beer went home. After that, Pol. Maj. Pichit called to see the injured. Later, Mr Beer returned home again. In order to talk with the police. Before Mr. Yongwiwat or Mr. Boy, who traveled to the scene, using a 9 mm short pistol firearm, shooting S. Pichit and Pol. Maj. Anon was injured and died. Before the gunman surrendered from the inquiry, Mrs. Chan Sri, nearby neighbors, said that at around 22.00 hrs, heard the sound of a gun from the back of the house in 3 shots, then ran down to see. But while running to see, must stop at the wall Because he had shot the sound of the gun continuously in many rounds. At the end of the sound of the gun, he tried to walk to see the scene where the incident found that the person shot. But saw the dead who were lived to run away from the house and went down to the fields to lie still and knew that he had died later. Village outside Still regret that the police. Pichit, the deceased who is both a police officer and a good person. In the past, he had never seen the deceased had argued with anyone. Because as I know it is considered a good person Helping and developing the village all the time. The police friends say that the deceased is a good person. Is loved by colleagues In the past, the deceased was a person who likes to help and take good care of colleagues. I didn't think that this kind of event would happen. Nang Lotua Ya of the gunman said that the gunman, who was a grandchild The past used to work as a hunter in the south. The younger brother works in Bangkok. And just returned to the village together on April 28, for the brothers and sisters. Always take care Because parents are separated since childhood Especially the brother, who is a gunman to shoot the police Admit that he is impatient Expected to be done because of a short -term mood
"Khun Chanon" found a 1 month prison, fined 4,000 cases, driving a car and not notifying the police immediately.|The court sentenced "Khun Chanon" 1 month, fined 4,000 baht. By not notifying the police immediately - imprisonment to wait for 1 year today (3 May) at the North Bangkok District Court The court issued a verdict of the Black Case No. 1413/2565 at the prosecutor, the Office of the District Court. 2 The plaintiff filed a lawsuit against Mr. Chanon or Khun Akkaracha, the defendant under the Road Traffic Act 1979, after submitting. sue The defendant confessed the court that The defendant is guilty. The Road Traffic Act 1979, Section 78, 160, paragraph one, imprisoned for 2 months and fined 8,000 baht, but the defendant confessed. It is useful for consideration. There is a reason to reproach. Reduce half of the penalty According to the Criminal Code, Section 78, probably imprisoned for 1 month, fined 4,000 baht, and does not appear that The defendant had been imprisoned before. Agreed that the defendant would be a good citizen The prison sentence is therefore waiting for 1 year under the Criminal Code, Section 56.
The lawyer Tum saw and chatted.Repeat, there are still cool evidence.Fight the case of former politician rape a girl|The lawyer Tum saw and chatted. Repeat, there are still cool evidence. Former politician rape, not worried, was sued. Ready to handle if the accused claimed to be bullied today (3 May 65) due to the Facebook page "Leez News" posted a chat line photo. With the message stating that "Intend to send this picture, just say that those who cooperate come out well prepared Because the former politicians are waiting to return by leverage the evidence to confirm that the girls Many people are willing to lure sex with him, and what they see in the news is the scene of the political future ... Hey! Finally, netizens are not having to rest. The person on the boat is not over yet. The dam was broken. There is a second to follow again. "Most recently, Mr. Sitra premium, the Secretary -General of the Foundation, the lawyer team, or the lawyer Tum revealed the case of Mr. Prinphanpak. Former Deputy Chief of the Democrat Party Many of the accused raped and indecent women Which is linked to the said chat Stated that at this time, do not know who is the chat And still not sure if the chat that was released as the victim's chat Or other women Which the said evidence will cause the accused to fall in court or not At this time, it is not yet known whether it is a chat that was created by itself or the victim's chat. If it is a true victim's chat Will have to prove that the chat occurs before or after being sexually abused Because there was a victim told that at the beginning, it was not allowed, but later releasing at all, there was a case that many people saw that the victim came out, the political game Now he knows how the political parties will proceed. By allowing him to release all the items first Allow the victims to come out After that, it will start to retaliate. There will be a chat and someone came out for another interview. In this regard, confirmed that it was not out of stock and has a stored trick. Because he knew that this kind of event would have to happen Which is considered a political retaliation signal. However, not worried about being sued Because he wanted to help every victim And there are also 3-4 baits, but do not dare to report and 14 victims that have been reported and still firm Do not change your mind to withdraw the report in any way.
The prisoners were in the jail. Less than 2 kilograms of jail were arrested and 1 Lao people fled.|The prisoners were in the jail. Less than 2 kilograms were arrested in two abandoned buildings. The other Lao prisoner fled today (May 3, 65) Col. Yuthana Ngamsai Muang Nong Khai Police Station revealed that at approximately 06.30 hrs. Was informed by the Nong Khai Prison Commander. That Nong Khai Prison Officer Have checked the prisoners in the morning Made him aware that 3 male prisoners had disappeared. This incident occurred at midnight when the police knew the description of the fleeing prisoners. At approximately 08.30 hrs. He called the police meeting. When the row is finished Police Lieutenant Colonel Prawit Si Phrom Ting, motorcycle patrol, 4th motorcycle, riding a motorcycle on duty, is going back to accommodation along the Friendship Road, the outbound of Nong Khai. When arriving at an abandoned building near the PTT gas station, the bypass intersection of Bueng Kan Found two suspicious men. Therefore parked the car and called for inspection Ask both of them to confess that it is a real escape prisoner. Pol.Col. Prawit Therefore, the handcuffs have been reported and reported to the supervisor before they detained them to the Nong Khai Prison officials. Col. Yuthana Ngamsai said that the prisoners who escaped from Nong Khai Prison have All 3 are Thai, consisting of male prisoners. In the process of waiting for the trial from the Nong Khai Provincial Court It is a cow, who is separated from the hospital in Nong Khai province, in which the Laotian male prisoner was originally not a carpool guardian. But the night of the male prisoner Asked to change his duty on behalf of others Then seized the opportunity to persuade friends of the other 2 prisoners to escape from the prison, even though there was a chain in the feet After leaving the prison fence, it was separated. By the male prisoner And Phatthanapong prisoners Escaped together by walking to hide in an abandoned building About 1.5 km away from the prison and using the saws found in an abandoned building, cut the chain on the feet out Until being arrested There is still no escape plan for where to go. As for the Lao Fresh male prisoners, they are in the process of fleeing. Currently, the Nong Khai Prison Requesting to be ready to coordinate with the neighboring agencies, helping to inspect the area along the Mekong River In various villages Next to the Mekong River To extract and follow up and arrest the prisoners who are fleeing back
Crazy male clip!Invade the plane parking lotSuvarnabhumi Police StationUse the ax to smash the door on the plane.|Revealing a thrilling minute clip Men, amphetamine, wielding an ax and a fake gun, riding a motorcycle, invading the plane parking holes in the Suvarnabhumi Airport, using the ax to smash the door to break up from the case of a recording of a thriller in the aircraft parking area 101 in the restricted area. Suvarnabhumi Airport, Nong Prue Subdistrict, Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province Inside the clip, an image of a man holding a iron ax in the park, with security officers and police officers. Suvarnabhumi Airport Police Station Trying to chase and catch But the man used the ax to chase the teeth and run away from the stairs, the plane pose that can connect the passenger terminal. At that moment, the officers decided to charge successfully. The incident occurred on noon on May 3. After the incident, the man was injured. From the wound, the glass of the passenger building is broken And from the fight with the staff While reporting that some officers were also injured in the body as well. After the incident, the officer detained the said man. Know the name later, Mr. Watchara, 34 years old, the people of Loei With a seizure of 1 short fake gun, an ax handle of more than 50 centimeters long, 1 pointed scissors, 1 orange methamphetamine pills packed in a gold plastic box. Still unable to interrogate Therefore had to bring him into the cell to calm down From the inquiry, Mr. Kittiphong Kittikajorn, Director of Suvarnabhumi Airport Via telephone To inquire about the story Which has been explained about the said incident that The said incident actually happened. Which occurred in the past noon The man rushed a motorcycle, relying on the staff of the security guard at the entrance door of the Contropost 3, the highest inbound area, with the criminals relying on the rhythm that the pickup truck driver is entering the restricted area. The man then pulled the gun out to hold the left hand. Then drive a motorcycle behind the pickup truck to enter the inner area After that, the officers mobilized the relevant persons to chase and track the said man. In just 9 minutes from the said incident, they confirmed that the Suvarnabhumi Airport security system was not lax in any way. And there is a plan to support the situation all the time But this event The accused relies on the rhythm of the officer of the officer. The accused therefore accelerates the motorcycle to overtake the left car into the area, which from the incident is considered important and the safety standards of the airport. In which he would call the security department to review and increase the way to prevent causes in this way. They focus on the safety standards of officials and passengers. In order not to cause loss in life, regardless of the side From the said case, it can be seen that the staff of the position use the main assessment of the situation. And considering the safety of the life of officials Before deciding to charge the said man successfully. Police Lieutenant Phaisan Weerakit Phanit, Deputy Inspector (investigation), revealed that the preliminary interrogation of this accused Which is still in a drunken substance Know that this accused has a career as a warehouse staff in Bang Sao Thong District After work, the shift was slowly riding a motorcycle from the warehouse back to the room in the new Housing, Bang Phli until the hallucinations occur. Claiming that someone told him to rob the plane Therefore grabbed a motorcycle weapon heading to the airport when he arrived at the entrance It was the moment when the officers were entering the area, so accelerated the left overtaking machine until he was successfully arrested. The officials reported 6 allegations: 1. The offense under the Act on some Airity in 2015. 19 Whoever uses any other weapons or materials to do as follows If that action Dangerous or should be harmful to the safety of the airport The doer must be punished with the death penalty. Lifelong imprisonment Or imprisonment for 15-20 years and adjust since 600,000-800,000 Baht 2. carrying weapons (ax) in the city, communities and restricted areas Not allowed. 3. Scare others. 4. Drive a vehicle while addicted to substance abuse in the body.
Shoot in the middle of the city2 foreigners extinguished in the middle of the townhouse in Sukhumvit 49, another hurt 1|Shooting 2 foreigners extinguished the Khow House, Sukhumvit 49, injured. Another 1 sending officers to speed up the knot examination. Within Soi Sukhumvit 49, junction 6 after receiving notification Therefore coordinated the forensic probation officers and the Ruamtanyu Rescue Volunteers Investigate the scene of the accident, a townhouse planted next to each other, found 2 deaths, 1 foreigner and 1 man was shot dead in the house. The other injured person was taken to the hospital earlier, which is currently Officials blocked the scene In order to wait for the proof of the evidence and the doctor attending the autopsy of the deceased And further investigated the incident
The brutal boy came to see a friend at the house, shot 3 bodies, the child was not except.The mother shocked the children and died in front.|The brutal boy came to see a friend at home, shot 3 bodies. The last voice of the 5 -year -old grandchildren call Grandma. (4 May 65) at 13.00 hrs. 11. Mrs. Samphao, Lat Sawai Sub -district, Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani, after being notified, then went to the scene of the incident. Teacher Peerapon Chotiksathien, Deputy Chief of Police, Pathum Thani Province Volunteer staff, Por Tek Tung Foundation, Doctor, Bhumibol Adulyadej School, Proofing Officer 1 The scene was a 1 -story detached house, raised the ground, found 3 deaths inside the house. The balcony in front of the house found 1 dead. Knowing Miss Kornwika or Nam 37 years old at the entrance of the house, found another person who died. Know the name of the NCC, Pawi Nawat, 5 years old, the son in the bedroom, found another dead person, found the body of Mr. Sarawut or Belle, 27 years old, all 3 shot with firearms, and the authorities policeman Detained to Khu Khot police station. Previously, I knew the name of Mr. Mint, 29 years old, with 1 GLOCK 19 firearm and 1 GLOCK 26 firearm. The mother of the deceased revealed that at the time of the incident, all 3 of the dead went out to buy raw materials for cooking, 20 baht. Belle called to tell himself that there will be friends. If he arrived he would eat beer, then opened to eat first. After a short time, the criminal took a taxi to the front of the house with 1 dog before the taxi went back. After that, the criminal came to find himself while raising his hands. I myself still said that Hello After that, the criminal walked up to the house of the incident and sat in front of the balcony. Without anyone in the house With Mr. Sarawut or Belle, 27 years old, son and Mr. Pawi Nawat, 5 years old The nephew went up to the house. After that, less than 10 minutes passed, he heard the sound of the gun up before 2 matches before stumbling up and then many more. He was at another house, heard the voice, also told Miss Kornwika. That watching the SIM to play the gun again Wait, your father will come. Before he heard his nephew ran out to cry, mother, mother, so she asked his daughter to see that the dead son stood in front of the house, then he walked out of the house and found that her daughter ran. Came out his hand before saying that the mother called Nai I saw the blood that the hand understood that the gun fired. As well as calling another son Before finding the criminal ran out by in the mobile phone mobile phone before shooting his daughter in front Before the daughter fell down He then shouted to another son. Many men also call themselves grandmother, before the criminal turned to shoot his grandchildren again. He ran and struggled to call another son. Before the criminal was kept inside the house And tried to call the mother into the house, but the police officers could control the situation first. Mr Pichai, 51 years old, revealed that the deceased respect himself as a brother Before the incident, he was in Bangkok and a video call came to Mr. Sarawut or Belle, the nephew to borrow money. Before hearing the sound of the gun up 3 shots, he said what? With the voice of Belle's children singing Then the phone fell into the ground and cut the cable. After a while he called back again, found that The nickname "old" answered himself. The end of the line said that I was old. I still say that which old To the canal or not? The criminal replied that yes. I also asked if it was a gun. So I said who shot The criminal also said that Belle shot and played before he would like to ask Belle to borrow money. The criminal then said that Belle was dead because I was shooting Belle. After that, the criminal cut the line and called back again. The criminal answered the call again. Now I have all shot everyone, including my wife. After that, he also asked what the criminal refused to tell. In which I used the Belle gun to shoot Belle dead As for the reason, he was expected to come from previously, the mother of the criminal was arrested by the police officer, with the court considering the 25 -year imprisonment, with the gunman fascinated that Belle's friend was bullying. Put the medicine under the house, causing the mother to be taken and revenge.
Open the mouth of the crazy boy invaded Suvarnabhumi, using 8 amphetamines, the sound of the head told to rob the plane.|Open the mouth of the crazy boy invaded Suvarnabhumi, using 8 amphetamines, the sound of the head told to rob the plane. At first, the passenger terminal was riding in the case of the case on May 3, 2022 at approximately 11.50 hrs. At the entrance to the Control Post 3 parking lot, there was an outside person driving a Yamaha GPX DEMON, black Demon, registration of 5 A. 3226 Bangkok Invaded into the restricted areas within the flight area Suvarnabhumi Airport The picture from the clip can see that a man holding a iron ax with a handle to attack the officer and running near the plane parked in the parking lot at 101, with the security officers at trying to arrest him. But the man used the ax to chase the teeth and ran away from the stairs, the plane, where the passenger terminal can be connected, the officers decided to charge him. Working as a repairman, Bang Sao Thong Subdistrict, Bang Sao Thong District, Samut Prakan Province Along with holding the belongings as a short fake gun, an ax, an ax, a steel handle of more than 50 centimeters long, 1 pointed scissors, 1 orange methamphetamine pills packed in a gold plastic box. Initially, the man was still in a drunken pole and still unable to interrogate. Therefore had to bring him into the cell to calm down at the Suvarnabhumi Airport Police Station. The director of the Suvarnabhumi Airport Police Station stated that today the culprit became very conscious until it was able to tell the event. And remember the incident From the preliminary investigation, the culprit admits that he was actually doing it. Because before this night, I bought ten amphetamines and eight consecutive tablets until the work returned to the room. When I slept, I heard the sound of someone who robbed the plane, then took the fake gun that I ordered online to carry out with the ax already in the car. Then rode out to the airport, intended to go up to the passenger terminal but was lost. At that time, in the ears heard only the voice of the person who told him to go. Reported the allegations that Is guilty under the Act on some offenses against the Air Force 2015, Section 19 charged 1. Anyone who uses weapons or other materials Acting as follows If that action Dangerous or should be harmful to the safety of the airport The doer must be punished with the death penalty. Lifelong imprisonment Or imprisonment for 15-20 years and adjust since 600,000-800,000 baht charged 2. Charges Who has no reasonable or in the possession of others by using violence Or forcing the charges that 3. To lose property charges. 4. Carry a weapon to the city, village and public without a reasonable cause. 5. There is a type 1 drug that is illegal in possession. 6. Use drugs to punish category 1 (amphetamine) and charges that 7. Causing others to be scared or shocked by threatening to use power to erupt. Before detained for further legal proceedings
Authentic aunt brought a 14 -year -old niece to sell sex services to 6 elderly men in exchange for amphetamines.|Mother shocked! 14 -year -old daughter was taken to hawking to the service to 6 elderly men in exchange for amphetamines (4 May 65). Police police officers in Thap Sakae police arrested 1 man who bought a 14 -year -old girl to exchange amphetamines. For aunt And 2,000 baht at a time. The accused bought 4 sex services and the police have expanded that the man who bought sex services is an elderly between 50 - 70 years. The other 2 sex services. This arrest was due to Nang Noi (assumed name), 35 years old, the mother of the injured girl. Has complained to Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Hong Sakul Foundation for children and women that they helped to coordinate the 3 police station, namely Thap Sakae Police Station, Thongchai Police Station, Bang Saphan Police Station in tracking 6 men who bought sexual services. Miss 14 years old. Today, Mrs. Pawena brought her mother and child to give additional testimony to the police at Thap Sakae police station and accelerated the arrest of all the remaining sex services. The director of every police station and police station in Prachuap Khiri Khan. The mother of a 14-year-old child says that her daughter was forced by her aunt, which aunt took to prostitution with 6 men in the gambling circle and relevant to 15 drugs during January- 4 April 65. 4 months and aunt still threatened to tell anyone Afraid that the family would not be safe Therefore asked the Pawina Foundation to help urgently and followed the case of Nang Noi said that after complaining to the Pawina Foundation Come on April 25, the police officers have issued an arrest warrant and arrest her aunt. But there is still a group of men who buy the service that is still floating They want to take the matter to the end, otherwise these people will get their hearts to do with other children again and are afraid that if they leave their children, they will not be safe. Requesting the Pawina Foundation Helping to be fair as well. Mrs. Pawina thanked Maj. Gen. Thongchai Thanatham, the provincial police commander. Prachuap Khiri Khan Province Which ordered the director of all the police station relevant to follow the offender to prosecute The Pawina Foundation will closely follow this case so the victims are fair. And the police arrest the offender to prosecute all justice processes
Cruel highway policeJumping and kicking the two sons' girlfriend repeatedlyAfter the kick|Lady women report After being attacked by a boyfriend In addition, the male father who is a highway police jumping away from the case of Facebook Fan Page, Che Moy V+ has posted a video clip and sharing the message that "#Claiming the highway police to attack, jump, kick, and the boyfriend kicks the top of the face until the nose is deformed Men should not hurt women in any case. Should come out and inform the society to know the facts too #Chiang Mai. The story happened yesterday. I went to a party at a liquor store with my friends until the shop closed. Then there was a call to the phone to pick up the "fan" at a liquor store (Santitham area) and met "the man with other women" until arguing and arguing because of a drunk man but has good citizens forbid until the story passed. I and my girlfriend drove back to the dormitory and all the time. The way I asked about the reason why my girlfriend secretly came to travel and didn't tell. Until drunk, lacking consciousness and with the fact that his girlfriend was drunk and refused to say anything I was impatient, hit my girlfriend 1 time until causing my girlfriend to be frustrated. Therefore came to attack my body Kick into the face Until the bleeding and the rat had protection And fought back and still destroyed mobile phones Until it was damaged enough to quarrel I have called for compensation and responsibility for the property of property. And the girlfriend suggested to call his girlfriend's father, who is a policeman Have dad come to talk and spread Later, my father came to wait in front of the Rajabhat University. I told my father that #Father, son, father destroyed my belongings. Can I mediate? If not clear at the police station #After that, my girlfriend's father has attacked me in the clip. And there is a threat to kill Causing me to be very distressed about this event And what I said this time to demand fairness and remind many people who watched this clip. Thank you. "In the clip, the clip will be a clip from the CCTV. The first clip of the clip was a clip that the characteristics of the male and female quarreled. As for the end, it is another place where two men ride motorcycles. Before a man kicked the injured until it fell to the floor. Recently yesterday (4 May), the reporter received the report from Police Colonel Kittiphong Petch Mayunee, Director of Chang Phueak Police Station, Chiang Mai Province, that there was a quarrel with a person who was injured. The incident occurred on May 3 at approximately 3:00 am. Mr. Theeraphat, the injured person, met the inquiry official to inform that on May 3 at approximately 01.26 hrs. A dormitory Chang Phueak Subdistrict Mueang Chiang Mai District Chiang Mai Province Was 19 -year -old Mr. Prom Caused by personal jealousy, during the quarrel Mr Phrom Nitit has raised the iPhone 12 Pro Max phone, about 40,000 of the victims. Causing damage After the incident, Mr. Phrom Nitit called to tell Mr. Utit, the 46 -year -old father, received notification from the injured person as a highway police. In order to compensate for the telephone fee later on May 3 at approximately 01.40 hrs in front of a hotel Chang Phueak Subdistrict Mueang Chiang Mai District Chiang Mai Province, Mr. Phrom Nitit and Mr. Utit, who traveled to meet the victims After that, there was a negotiation for damages. But when the victim informed Mr Utit about the matter Mr Utit did not listen. And jumped to kick the victims and threaten various. After that, the victim met the police And come to complain to the inquiry official Along with a physical examination at Lanna Hospital And on May 4, the inquiry official conducted an interrogation Additional victims Issued a subpoena, Mr. Phrom Nitit and Mr. Utit And waiting for the autopsy results from the doctor To consider the allegations to the two suspects According to the legal procedures from the police interrogation, also know that The victim went to find the Brahma Nitit, a girlfriend who went to the entertainment place and was jealous. Then came back to clear each other and hurt the transgender woman And threw the phone and damaged the iPhone and the accused called the father and mother to come Claiming that Father will pay damages When the father arrived, he kicked the transsexual girl until the motorcycle fell. And immediately take the child back Even the police came to meet and bring to report and deliver Pol.Gen. Revealed that This case is not complicated. Clear evidence And issued a subpoena It is expected that on May 5, the accused will meet with the inquiry official. To notify the highway police officer who kicked a transsexual girl to meet the inquiry official The inquiry official waited for the doctor to be officially again. To consider the allegations further
So scandalous!Invaded the erotic trade processMeet politicians-teachers-doctors-soldiersUse the service|"Big Joker" led the team to expand the arrest of the human trafficking network for prostitution. As well as arresting 12 Mae Lao and users, found a Deputy Government official and a mentor tried to persuade the witness to help the accused as well. On the case of 9 November 2018 policeman Surat Thani Province and Khun Thale Police Station have arrested and prosecuted the accused involved in the human trafficking network, which brought 5 children to seek sexual benefits and can also prosecute 11 more users. In which the case of the prosecutor has filed a lawsuit against the accused to the court But there may still be additional prostitution. In this regard, Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, Commander in Chief, ordered Maj. Gen. Roy Ing Pairoj The Royal Thai Police/Director of the Royal Thai Police, Police General Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander in Chief/Deputy Director of the Royal Thai Police, Pol. Tor. Amphon Bua Blessing, Commander in Chief 8/Director of the Police Station 8, Pol. Maj. Gen. Wanchai Ekaporn Phit, Deputy Commander in Chief 8/Deputy Director The funeral of the police station 8, Maj. Gen. Napan Wutthamanguan, Commander in Chief of the Police Station 8, Pol. To conduct an investigation and expand to help the victims more And arrest the relevant parties urgently from the said case Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Has ordered the officers of the Bureau of the Royal Thai Police in collaboration with the police Surat Thani Province and Khun Thale Police Station together with the authorities and NGOs together integrated the information to help the victims of human trafficking networks that were enforced by 3 additional prostitution. With a multidisciplinary staff Has brought the said information to expand the results to prosecute 5 additional human trafficking networks, and can also prosecute 13 other sex users, a total of 18 people have gathered evidence to submit an arrest warrant for the accused. All of the above In order to proceed with the case yesterday (4 May 65), Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander in Chief of the Police Department policeman Surat Thani Province and Khun Thale Police Station searched to arrest all 10 arrest warrants, attached 2 prisons, still followed 6 more, with the oldest accused aged 79 years, with the position of cooperative president. Savings in Surat Thani province. There are also vice president of the Subdistrict Administrative Organization Council (SAO) in the area of Phunphin District, teacher civil service, military doctor and former politicians. Be wrong With the highest penalty of imprisonment of 8 years to 20 years and fined 800,000 baht to 2 million baht and sexual users will be prosecuted Which has a imprisonment rate of not more than 10 years or a fine of not more than 20,000 baht or both. From the investigation found that There are government officials and mentors in the children's home and family homes in Surat Thani province. Trying to intervene in the law of the police. And also trying to intimidate the witness to not provide information on the expansion of the police Which later learned that the staff of the children, the nanny and Deputy Director -General of the Department of Children and Youth Ministry of Social Development and Human Security, Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Therefore ordered the police to prosecute government officials trying to intervene in the said process "Being an officer or omissions of duties illegally In order to cause damage to anyone Or practice or refrain from performing duties by dishonestly raped the officials to perform illegal operations Or to refrain from performing duties using violence Or threatening to use the violence and hinder the investigation, prosecution or prosecution of human trafficking In order not to be done with the law. " Maj. Gen. Surachet said, "In the said case There are still additional prostitutional victims. Which ordered the police to expand the prosecution of the offender, including the network of prostitution And all users Whether people or government officials As well as coordinating the relevant agencies in providing victims to be able to return to normal life In order to reduce the problem of bringing children and youth to enforce the prostitution from society. "Today (5 May) Mrs. Patcharee Arayakul, Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Social Development and Human Security (Permanent Secretary) revealed that In the case of police officers arresting the accused of buying sex services, young women under 18 years of age in Mueang District and Phunphin District Surat Thani Province By detaining 10 suspects, as well as reporting to the police to prosecute the staff of the children and families of Surat Thani province And the management of the Ministry of Public Health, a total of 2 cases in the offense "as a operator or omission of duties illegally In order to cause damage to anyone Or practice or refrain from performing duties by dishonestly raped the officials to perform illegal operations Or to refrain from performing duties using violence Or threatening to use violence And hinder the investigation, prosecution or prosecution of human trafficking In order not to be in the preliminary " He heard the news as shown through various media. And ordered the Department of Children and Youth (Sor.), Which takes care of the children's home and family house in Surat Thani province Report the facts as soon as possible So that the Ministry of Public Health will consider investigating the facts in detail In order to be clear and fair to all parties Before proceeding with the legal procedures
The doctor owner of the beauty clinicBeing smashed by a husbandPungent was cursed by a 5 -year -old.|Former programmer, the fuse is broken, grabbing the stone, a stone, smashing his wife's head. Beauty clinic owner Pungent insults, not giving up the 5 -year -old, the reporter reported that today (5 May) at 08.00 hrs. Notified of killing each other within a medical clinic In Soi Sri Bamphen Thungmahamek Subdistrict, Sathorn District, Bangkok, where the incident was a beauty clinic. Inside there is a 4 -story customer service building connected to 3 residential buildings, planted in a fence around 1 rai from the kitchen inspection on the ground floor. Which is a residence found the body Female Dr. Nawaporn, 38, owner of the clinic, lying on his back, wearing a blue skirt The wounds were smashed with solids in the middle of the fontanel, 1 wound and the other 2 faces, blood wounds. Close to each other, found a stone tile, ank, stained with blood, so the details were collected as evidence, and the offender, no one, where the deceased, stood around with the police at the residence named Mr. Chulapong Age. 38 years, therefore, was detained to investigate at Thung Mahamek Police Station, with the admission that Married to eat with the deceased for 7 years, with 1 5 -year -old daughter together, working as a programmer of a company in Chonburi province. But unemployed for a while and then served as a child alone As for the deceased, he worked only one person before the incident. In the morning he was sitting and eating. Prepare to leave the house, take her daughter to study swimming. Causing the deceased to criticize that Do not manage the cleanliness of the children well, so there is arguments. Even trying to walk away into the kitchen But instead was cursed by the deceased Until causing anger and rocky Smashing many times until he was centered and surrendered to the police, did not escape anywhere. Col. Kritsada said that initially detained the accused with the belongings sent to the inquiry official. Before informing the charge of killing others intentionally The dead body will be given to a forensic doctor to take care of the autopsy again. Before coordinating the relatives to proceed to receive the body to perform merit according to religious rituals
The girl just felt from ordination.Breaking up the father, former husband, extinguishedPung was cursed that the child was attached to the party.|The girl just felt from ordination. Breaking up the father, former husband, extinguished Pung was cursed that the child was attached to the party. After the incident fled with a new husband who had just worn by ordination (5 May 65). Reporters reported that at 22.00 hrs. Yesterday, Capt. Perform duties Wang Chomphu Phetchabun Police Station Was informed that There was a reason for people using weapons to hurt each other. At the roadside in front of the house number 15, Village No. 12, Mr. Muang Subdistrict, Mueang Phetchabun District 1 person died and 1 injured, then rushed to investigate the incident Along with a doctor on duty at Phetchabun Hospital And the Rom Pho Foundation Volunteer, Phetchabun, where the scene was a road in the village. Found the injured person, Mrs. Chamrat, 71 years old, which is a house adjacent to the scene of the incident. Being stabbed by a sharp object in the left rib Therefore quickly brought to Phetchabun Hospital And on the roadside, found the body of the deceased Know the name later Mr. Prasert, 71 years old, the husband of the injured Stabbed in many wounds And at the occipital, there is a severe wound, like being hit by a solid Therefore brought the body to prove at Phetchabun Hospital As for the culprit, Miss Wipha, 47 years old and Mr. Sawang, 45 years old, two husbands, after the incident, riding a motorcycle, unknown model and the brand to escape. Mr Adul, 54, the son of the deceased revealed that The incident was Miss Wipha and Mr. Sawang Song, the husband and wife, with Miss Wipha, a former daughter -in -law. Before coming to get her son, Chamrat as a husband, Miss Wiphami, with 1 child named one, now 29 years old, but has a brain problem with blur, which is unknown. Come to the son of Mrs. Chamrat, who is the husband, Miss Wipha died, Ms. Wipha went to have many husbands. But later ordained as a nun To treat illness according to beliefs And got to know Mr. Sawang At that time, Mr. Sawang, who was the people of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya, was ordained as a monk. And traveled to a temple in a temple in Phetchabun And when meeting Ms. Wipha, he felt to eat with Miss Wipha at the house of Miss Wipha at a village in the district of Nai Mom but didn't know that Miss Wi Have you felt from being a nun? But still wearing a dark brown cloth, with the incident 3 days ago, Miss Wipha and Mr. Sawang, who was in another village Brought one master to Mrs. Chamras Former mother -in -law is a party. Therefore causing Mrs. Chamrat and Mr. Prasert not happy that many words Because one of the fussy coffee 4 - 5 sachets a day. Diet and eat a lot, causing the two husband and wife to be dissatisfied, but Miss Vipa drives the motorcycle back. Leaving her son for Mrs. Chamras and Mr. Prasert Until the morning of the incident, Mr. Yai Muang Na, her son, Chamrat Drove one car to the house of Miss Wipha, who was about 20 kilometers apart. Until evening, Miss Wipha and Mr. Sawang rode a motorcycle to bring one master back. Along with arguments with Mrs. Chamrat and Mr. Prasert There are challenges Mr Prasert then walked out of the house straight to the two spouses. Without being careful Miss Vipha then used a pointed knife that used to carve a fruit for about 1 long. Until Mr Prasert fell The neck of the road Mrs. Vipa then jumped up and straddled and used the knife to pierce the chest several times. She Jumrat saw, so he ran in to help, but was stabbed by Miss Wipha into the abdomen. Until injured Therefore called for the neighbors to come out to help As for the husband and wife who caused the crime Riding a motorcycle to escape In which the police have accelerated to follow up But still unable to arrest him. The 45 -year -old master, her son, Jumrat, who was injured, revealed that in the morning of the day of the incident He will go back to work in Bangkok. Therefore asked one master whether to go back to his mother, Miss Wipha or not, which one said that he wanted to go back He then asked the traffic jam to go to the house. After finished, he entered Bangkok. Until the evening, the mother called to tell himself that the father was stabbed by the father and her husband. So she hurried back to the house again for her symptoms. That was stabbed into the stomach, the tip of the knife was hit by a large intestine, about 2 cm long, the doctor had surgery and sewing the large intestine. Now the symptoms are safe. If there is no complication, it may be allowed to go home tomorrow. As for the body of Mr. Prasert Nak Bun, the doctor has already proven. Currently, the process of receiving the body back to practice at home.
"Sergeant Sing, the charming captain", aware of the call center gang, call to deceiveWearing the victim to fight back|Famous funny, Ning Singharaj or Sergeant Sing from Citcom, a charming captain, met the police officer after being called by the call center gang to ask for personal information, reporters reported that today (6 May) at the time 09.30 hrs. At the Center for Investigation Headquarters of Phahonyothin Road, Chatuchak, Bangkok, Mr. Suwat Thapthawee, 47 years old or Ning Ning Singharat, a famous comedian, the owner of the role of Sergeant Singh in Sitcom. Charming Division on TV Channel 3 and Channel One31 traveled to meet with Police Lieutenant Colonel Satha Duang -Aead (investigation), Kor. 2, the police officer reported the case of being suspected of being a gang. Center Impersonated as a police officer at Muang Chon Buri police station to try to get personal information. Mr. Supakruek revealed that on the evening of May 3, there was a phone call to come to him before claiming to be a police officer. Please add LINE to chat. While he was at the guesthouse In which he saw a strange number Therefore told his wife to prepare to pick up the phone, take a clip before receiving the line that is named Chon Buri police station by calling to open the camera to confirm that he is a real police officer. Police Lieutenant Colonel Panurat Reported that on March 3, 65, his personal information was used to rent a white Ford Rangers, registration number 4420 Chon Buri, a car in a traffic case, which he denied that it was not involved. Never had the said pickup truck They have evidence that the said date and time can be checked from personal Facebook at that time at the house of a fan at Chai Badan. Lop Buri province, then at the end of the line, would like to know if his personal information leaks or not, he answered, but I remember that many months ago Used to give information to one person who made a volunteer project in Chiang Mai, requesting information documents to issue membership cards Therefore go to the bank account number, ID card, photo, then he got a radio Inquire about the registration department of the SEC, receive additional information that their name and ID number is involved in the drug case and money laundering of Mr. Wichit. With his name selling Kasikorn Bank account within the price of 1.2 billion baht in the past 2 months, with 6.9 million baht Before the account balance disappeared 2.5 million baht, which the police station in Chonburi There was an order to follow the missing money. Request to check all the accounts in the case. Please conduct a thorough investigation and notify the 5th. Police Colonel Pakphum, Chon Buri Police Station, knowing that the money in all accounts is awed as a call center gang that is rampant. Deceive to transfer money Inquired the name of the police that called again Before continuing by wearing the role of a call center gang By asking back In order to show innocence, not related to drug cases and money laundering What do they have to do? The Director of the Royal Thai Police has inspected. 1. Mr. Pichit bought a book from his own price of 1.2 thousand baht or not. He denied that he had not bought. 2. Mr. Pichit transferred 2.5 million baht to his accounts. 3. Mr Pichit, who was arrested, stated that the 10 percent of money laundering He denied that it was not true. Although he rejected, he was still a suspect. But do not be afraid that it will be the accused He would like to investigate Suwat's account. All accounts Request only the last 4 account numbers and what are the accounts to compare with the criminal account? He therefore refused to allow him to threaten that if he refused to tell, then wait for the request to meet at Chon Buri Police Station. Director of Chon Buri Police Station Will freeze all their bank accounts first After that, hang up to Ning Ning Singharat, concluded that Today came to meet the inquiry official to show the sincerity that it is not involved. With the drug trafficking and money laundering in any way The inquiry official has inspected before introducing the victims to report online first. Police Colonel Siriwat Deewang, Deputy Spokesman of the Royal Thai Police, said that public relations and alerts Regarding the call center gang that deceived the victim by scares that they are involved in the offense of high penalty, such as drug trafficking, money laundering, etc. The call center gang has tried to use all types of technology to increase the credibility of the victims. In terms of investigation, suppression National Police Agency Has continuously proceeded to arrest both domestic and international movements, would like to leave the people to follow the information, especially the form of the call center That has always developed a scam model In order to be aware of the victim and confirm that the Royal Thai Police There is no policy for the public to transfer money in the bank account to the officers for inspection. If the brothers and sisters find that any person is impersonating as a police officer or asking you to transfer money to the inspection officer It is assumed that it may be a criminals to deceive you. Do not believe and please report the clue to the hotline 191 or the National Police Agency 1599. 24 hours a day.
How to end?The prosecutor ordered more than 10 watermelon examinations because it was not perfect enough.|The police revealed that the prosecutor ordered the investigation of the new watermelon case. More than 10 issues after considering the 5 crates and found that it is not perfect today (6 May). The progress of the death of the actress "Watermelon" that the police officers solved the case. Sued 6 suspects, 5 crates, given to the Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor to consider before submitting the Nonthaburi Provincial Court. Most recently, the reporters have been revealed by the police in this case that Nonthaburi prosecutor ordered the police to make more new investigations in more than 10 issues because the prosecutor saw that the files that were sued were not perfect enough to submit the accused. Causing the police officers to solve this case to have a meeting to discuss the additional investigation as the prosecutor suggested Which is an additional investigation, not all the replacement of the phrase, as some news offices presented After the meeting, the police prepare to call all 6 suspects to do further interrogation. Reporters reported that Although the prosecutor ordered the police officers to solve the case back to investigate more than 10 more issues, but the group of all 6 suspects were reported. Still have to travel to report to the provincial prosecutor on May 27, as signed. Regardless of the day, the prosecutor will have an opinion to sue or postpone the lawsuit.
The prosecutor rushed back the watermelon case.But ordered the police to take another 20 important issues|Nonthaburi prosecutor brushed back to the watermelon case. But ordered an additional 20 important exams after the idioms are not tight from the case Mr. Mongkol Kit Suksin Tharanon MPs list Thai Sriwilai posts on Facebook "Mongkol Kittisukthanon", stating that the prosecutor of Nonthaburi hit the watermelon case. To investigate more than 10 issues, resulting in a number of fan pages coming in to comment. Ms. Supaporn Nipanich, Nonthaburi Province Attorney Revealing news agencies INN. To the said case, admitted that the prosecutor's working group ordered an inquiry official But not a rivalry As previously news Is the only additional examination of the inquiry official By ordering to take additional examinations on 20 important issues and sub -issues. Reporters reported that The issue that the prosecutor ordered the police to take additional exams. Because the phrase sent is not complete Not strong enough to file a lawsuit against the accused The inquiry official will have a meeting to investigate further on the issues that the prosecutor introduced after this. The inquiry official will call some accused who have to take additional examinations for further interrogation.
Just wow!On Facebook, the teenage gang opened the battle.Put the bomb in the middle of the night.|The teenage gang opened the battle. Put the bomb in the middle of the night. Not satisfied after the rival of the Akhawang on Facebook at 01.00 hrs. On May 7, 65, Pol. Notified of a group of teenagers, quarreling, Ping Ping Pong at the enemy Within Soi Municipality, Rang Rak Tai 7, Naruman Municipality Road, Lat Yao Subdistrict, Chatuchak District, Bangkok, therefore inspected with police officers, examination lines 1, Special Operations Division 191, Prachachuen Police Station. black Caused by explosion on the road surface From the inspection, found 1 pointed knife weapon, 1 steel handle knife, 1 steel hidden in the area. After the incident, more than 10 teenagers had fled the motorcycle and was detained by 2 police officers as a 15 -year -old youth and seized 3 motorcycles before bringing them to investigate at Prachachuen Police Station inquiring the villagers who lived in the area revealed that before the incident, there were more than 10 teenagers driving a motorcycle and a shouting of teenagers who lived in a house. After that, both teenagers ran and used weapons to chase their teeth back and forth. And there was a ping pong bombing in each other loudly Before the teenagers who brought 10 people riding the motorcycle escape And was arrested by 2 police officers investigated. Previously, he liked the wow on the story on Facebook. That has posted a sign Therefore causing the enemy group to be dissatisfied After that, there was a challenge. Before lifting 4 motorcycles, sitting in a total of about 10 people to clear the said problem. Until the argument occurred, using a knife to chase each other After that, the friends in the group then pounded the ping -pong bomb to the enemy. Before departing to escape And was arrested by the police. Before speeding up tracks the people who broke the escape to investigate to prosecute the legal procedures further
Big Joker, please help!Thai girls are squeezed working call center in Cambodia.Threatened the lion|Mother, Big Joker and related agencies Daughter and girlfriend were tricked by calling the call center in Cambodia. Bring the lion to threaten. Relatives cannot contact. Reporters reported that today (7 May) Mrs. Nipa, 57 years old, villagers, Village No. 2, Khok Lek Subdistrict, Huai Rat District, Buriram Province, came to sing the media. That he wanted to coordinate the relevant agencies to help the daughter Ms. Sathrirat, 25, and a 35 -year -old daughter who was tricked into working in Cambodia Then try to force to work as a call center gang Afraid that the daughter would be dangerous, the reporter called Ms. Sathrirat, 25 years old, who was locked in neighboring countries, said that he was locked in a room that was decorated as a call center work. Call Thai people Is a new building Only 2-3 kilometers away from the Thai border. Can use the phone. Ms. Srirat said that previously, Thai people invited to work to watch online gambling websites. Located on the side of Cambodia, giving a salary of 20,000-30,000 baht, so decided to go with Miss Thanakan, who was in a relationship with 2 fans, using the salt channel, Sa Kaeo Province, with Thai people taking out. Foreigners are Chinese, come to pick up and take it. Went to meet another Chiang Rai man, a total of 3 people who were together Until knowing that he would work in the call center Therefore denied work And said to ask to go home But the Chinese, which is expected to be the leader Said that he could not return because of the 6 -month contract, he tried to begged how much money would be used, but it didn't work. Also said that After the boss knew that they were now 3 people, do not want to work, take them to see the lion, mother and son, threatening that if he thought of escaping, let it bite. When looking around, the security guards also found 10 electric shocks as weapons outside. The boss also tried to open a room to see, which has a drug smell. May mean If not working, will upload medicine This person, he was afraid that he would be harmed. Therefore would like to leave to the Thai staff to help themselves urgently Because he started to be threatened. Mrs. Nipa said that he could not contact via telephone with her daughter anymore In which the daughter sent LINE to be attacked Because secretly contacting the house asking for help Feeling very worried Would like Big Joker Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander in Chief or any department Helping the daughter who is currently in danger
Collected and the thief invaded the safe house.Sweeping assets of 10 million.|Collecting the thieves Leverage the safe, sweep the property of over 10 million baht. History of both burglary-rape. Just picked up the penalty, then came to cause another safe to break in the case of the criminal break into the safe bedroom on the 2nd floor of the house, located in Soi Ratchada Niwet 9, Samsen Nok Subdistrict, Huai Khwang District, received more than 10 million baht. The incident occurred at 22.00. On April 16, today (7 May) at 12.50 hrs. At Huai Khwang Police Station, the investigation officer, withdrawing Mr. Banjong, 36 years old Bedroom of Mr. Juthasit's house (Reserved surname) Ban Bank, Huai Khwang area, swept over 10 million baht to investigate more. Before detaining to point out the search point for additional assets in Chonburi province After arresting at condominiums in Bang Kraso Subdistrict Out to Mueang District Nonthaburi Province Last night from the inquiry, Mr Banjong confessed that He actually caused the said incident. As for the property that has been sold in various locations The shelter after the cause of other points, the staff can seize some of the property, such as diamonds, gold necklaces, gold bracelets, jewels and old bank notes that accumulate 37 items worth approximately 3.8 million baht. Check the history of Mr. Banjong Found that he had committed the same case in the same manner many times. Also found that the burglary in a dormitory Salaya area Nakhon Pathom Province on December 11, 2008, robbery in apartments Soi Pracharat Bamphen 6 and rape in the area of Din Daeng Police Station on June 26, 2010, rape another case on December 10, 2010, with Mr. Banjong being brought into the prison and in prison for a total of 6 years before being released. The penalty came out and caused the incident to leverage the safe in the lawyer's house at Soi Lat Phrao 48, Sutthisan Police Station on February 13, 2019, then was prisoned again. And just released the penalty Came to cause the scene of the safe this time
The rhythm of the ex -husband came to pick up the child.Meet the old followers who are new fans.Arguing until killing each other|The ex -husband came to pick up the children at home. Meet a new boyfriend, a wife who is an old subordinate Wife calls for a friend to hurry to help but not. Quarreling until killing each other at 01.30 hrs. (8 May 65) Police Colonel Krishna Thong, Ban Bo Ban. The scene in front of the house in a village, along the Khlong Thawi Watthana Road, Bang Phai Subdistrict, Bang Khae District, Bangkok, therefore reported to the supervisor. Before going to inspect with the investigation department Probation Division Officer And forensic doctors Siriraj Hospital at the scene In front of the door Near the wall, found the body of Mr. Tan Yu, aged 25, lying on his back, sinking blood in a white short -sleeved T -shirt. Three -legged jeans There was a wound stabbed with weapons, knives on the neck, 1 wound and the body on the left. The other 4 wounds were first aid, but it was not a death at a later time. Inspect nearby, found a four -door Isuzu pickup truck, registration 6588, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya The racing style of the deceased was parked in 3 CCTV cameras. The front of the house was broken. The direction from the investigation, Mr. Korn, 32, testified that he was a friend to Ms. Ae, was the wife of Mr. Athiphong or Tee, aged 30. Year of the house owner The deceased is also the old subordinate of Mr. Athipong. That used to work together about selling black plastic waste bags Mr Athiphong came to buy a house at the scene of the incident with Ms. Eh and had a son aged about 6 years, but secretly dating Mr Tan Yu. And secretly bought a pickup truck that parked in front of the house Normally, the woman will go to the dead. But before the occurrence of Nai Athiphong was not at home Mr Tan Yu then drove the pickup truck to Miss Eh at the house of the incident in the same rhythm that Mr Athiphong returned home to receive his son. Until meeting Mr Tan Yu And argued with the quarrel until Ms. Eh had to call to find him to mediate Until arriving, it's too late. The said loss At this time, Mr Athiphong has already contacted the police at Lak Song Police Station. The former wife, the former wife, the culprit and a new girlfriend, the deceased, said that after the breakup with the ex -husband He lived alone. Which the child will come on Saturday By the house where the incident occurred Is his home and ex -husband who caused the crime By using the name to buy together Before the incident The ex -husband couldn't contact himself because he was still talking about work. Which the cause of the incident does not want the child to be with his new girlfriend as well, so will come to pick up the child The culprit is about to return. But the deceased and the offender argued in front of the house again Before attacking each other to the point of death. Initially, the police gave the body to the staff of the Por Tek Tung Foundation. Siriraj Hospital to prove thoroughly again And will follow the hand of this knife to proceed with the case
Collecting criminals, deceiving children, 13, shooting bare, exchanged 25,000 children, still shocked, afraid of the criminals followed to kill|Today (8 May 65), the reporter reported that Miss Ann (fictional name), 13 years old, the people of Ban Dung District, Udon Thani Province, complained to Mr. Wiraphon Raksangwong. Admin page, Ban Dung update And the media in Udon Thani province that there are criminals on Facebook. Came in to say hello to surround to take a nude porn picture In exchange for 25,000 baht, Miss Ann lost to take a photo and sent it. Finally, the criminals said that they had to pay tax before receiving the money. If refusing to pay Will take the pornographic image in the online world, resulting in Miss Ann being afraid of transferring almost 800 baht by borrowing friends And do not let the parents know the criminals to use Facebook named "Sunisa Jojanya". Say hello to the victim's Facebook page and persuade him to take pictures of bare porn. Having compensation up to 25,000 baht, but in the end, not getting money The girl was almost suicide, with friends to encourage. Finally, complained to the police to follow the criminals. Most recently, it was reported that Police Investigation Division, Region 4, Pol.Lt.Gen. Together to arrest Mr. Kantaparat, Muang Thai, aged 30 years at home in Soi Bang Khun Thian 14, Junction 1, Samae Dam Subdistrict, Bang Khun Thian District, Bangkok, the accused according to the arrest warrant of Udon Thani Provincial Court 149/65 dated May 5, 2022, along with Mr Nonthat Imasilp, 24 years old, according to the arrest warrant of the Udon Thani Provincial Court 150/65 dated May 5. 2022 with the belongings. 1. Mobile phone brand OPPO model CPH1931 Black (of the Por. 1) 2. DREAMGATE Mobile phone model - Blue (Por. 1) 3. Redmi model 9A Black (of the Por. 2). Reported the charges that "together 1. Fraud by acting as another person. 2. Imported into fake computer systems, whether all or part Or false computer information that should cause damage. 3. extortion 4. Rolled the property 5. Yong Yong promotes or allowing children to show Or act with pornography Arrested in the Tha Kham Police Station, Bangkok. According to the history inspection, it was found that Both of them have arrest warrants, fraud and drug cases. Confessed to deceive money from real girls In order to raise money to gamble online. Later, reporters traveled to meet Aunt Orn (assumed name), Miss Ann's mother. Revealed to reporters that Now I'm glad that The police have captured the criminal. At first I heard the news that my daughter went to do this. The house almost broke, very angry. After that, many agencies came to help and encourage. Was very sympathetic to the daughter Accepting him, still innocent May do something wrong Thank you to everyone who came to help. Next will give more warmth. Will take care of the special, Miss Ann said that he was very happy that the police could catch the criminal The state of mind has improved a lot. Don't want him to do it with other people But still afraid of him to kill Would like to thank all the agencies that come to help with this matter Will definitely not do this again
The thieves leverage 10 million. Tell me how to randomly choose the victim's house.|The thieves leverage 10 million. Tell me how to randomly choose the victim's house. History of the case of the criminal in the case of the criminal break into the safe bedroom on the 2nd floor of the house, located in Soi Ratchada Niwet 9, Samsen Nok Subdistrict, Huai Khwang District, more than 10 million baht. The incident occurred at 22.00 hrs. The past, after the incident, the police officer of Huai Khwang Police Station, along with the Metropolitan Police Investigation Division 1 investigated the CCTV in the route where the criminals fled in the Ratchada Huai Khwang area. To various points That the criminal traveled Ton knew that the criminals lived at One of the apartments in Rattanathibet, Nonthaburi Province Go up to ask for a search warrant of the Nonthaburi Provincial Court and lead to inspecting on April 25 ago. Room inspection No accused was found But found 39 stolen items, totaling approximately 2 million, 1 hundred thousand baht and 1 firearm. Mueang Nonthaburi District, on May 7, the investigation team then brought to arrest Mr Banjong or Gen. 37, along with the allegations of burglary in the night at night by harming the barrier for the protection of a person or property. " Mr Banjong confessed to act at the said house alone. By using the experience and randomly selecting the house to act by himself Will have more or less assets Before finding a way to do the incident Mr Banjong revealed that he has knowledge about various types of safe. Therefore know what methods must be used, so can open the cabinet without using iron cutting power Or complicated equipment Can bring out what is in the cabinet has been seized the remaining amount of 53 items, totaling over 3 million 8 hundred thousand baht, while most of the remaining assets are gold, the accused has been sold in various locations In the Huai Khwang area, Bangsaen and department stores in Ngamwongwan area and then bring money to buy computer equipment and bring all the money to gamble online. By admitted that he was very gambling. Initially, after the examination of the accused's history, it was just a penalty from the burglary case to raise the safe in the area. Sutthisan Police Station in October 2021 and there is also a history of burglary in Phutthamonthon Police Station in 2008, and Sutthisan Police Station in 2019, the robbery case in the Huai Khwang Police Station in 2010. There is also a history of rape. In the area of Din Daeng Police Station, 2 cases in 2010, while the victim came to inspect the property and see the condition of the safe, which was tampering by the accused. While revealing that After returning to the house, saw the condition of the safe and the missing property was very shocked. I didn't think that the saving cabinet that he had hidden in the closet well and there were no hidden outsiders. Will be dismantled by the criminal and pry all the property inside the safe Therefore hurried to inform the police to help follow the criminal Until knowing that the investigation was able to arrest the criminal and seize the property for about 60%, he was happy to get the property back But the missing property is regretful because it is a mental value, such as the wedding ring and the father's Rolex watches who have died. Because his father had just died and was in the process of managing the inheritance, so he could not open the safe in the bank. This time, I admitted that he was negligent and refusing to bring the house and property into the project to leave the house with the police of the Royal Thai Police. Because if the heart does not think that the criminal will come to search for the hidden property Once again, the house does not have a warning sign or CCTV. Which is difficult to follow the criminal After the wave was scared, because the criminal invaded his own bedroom, which was still unable to go to sleep in the room because of the fear and the room was heavily damaged by Police Lieutenant Samran. Nuanma, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, revealed that from the interrogation, the criminal found that the accused will use the method of choosing a house that caused the crime by knocking the door or pressing the ringing for various times. Therefore knowing the right time in the cause In addition, the search for accommodation of the accused also found a house plan to prepare for another 5-10 backs, specifying the information of each house clearly, with the criminals experienced and knowledge in the incident. Well, because he had been arrested in the same case many times. In the event that the victim is wondering why the criminals know the hidden place of the safe From the interrogation of the accused unknown information of the property before Open the opportunity that the victim is not fully at home. In the latest case, if starting to timer from the criminal, tamper and explore the house, it takes up to 44 minutes, then it takes about 30 minutes to leverage the safe, which is considered a criminal calmly until it can get all the assets. Referred to that can leverage all kinds of safe because of high experience. From the investigation of the officials, it was found that the criminal committed the crime was not one person, there was no participant or the viewers. After this, the police will gather evidence to request the court to issue an arrest warrant for those who take the accused to escape or hide. And prosecute people who buy and exchange assets of the accused
The prosecutor ordered urgently!Invite 2 medical teams, autopsy, watermelon, metExpect more information|Nonthaburi Prosecutor Move again !!! Invite 2 medical teams, autopsy, watermelon, met Expected to ask for more information today (9 May) at 13.00 hrs. Nonthaburi prosecutor ordered the investigative officers to send expert witnesses to the prosecutor. In which the expert witnesses who come to see the prosecutor today are the medical team from the National Forensic Science Institute Police Hospital And the Forensic Medical Team from the Forensic Science Institute Ministry of Justice Which is a medical team that has passed the autopsy of the actor, actress, watermelon, Nida, which is expected that the Nonthaburi prosecutor should invite the said medical team to ask about the details of the wounds found in the body of the deceased that has become an issue. Conflict at this time
The stressful prosecutor, a medical team, "Watermelon" team, a total of 7 hours for 5 hours.|The progress of the death of the actress, Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or Watermelon Nida, whose the accused in the case of all 6 people are in the process of considering the Nonthaburi prosecutor's idiom. Previously, the provincial prosecutor had added additional opinions for the inquiry official responsible for this case. Returned to the examination for more than 20 new issues. Later, at the afternoon of today The Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor ordered the investigation officers to send an expert to conduct the autopsy of the watermelon melon to the prosecutor. Inquire about the details of both teams, the medical team of the first a forensic medical medical examination. And the Forensic Medical Team from the Forensic Science Institute, which is the second autopsy team, reporters reported that After the medical team, both teams traveled to meet the provincial prosecutors at the appointment time at 13.00 hrs. Until the completion of the inquiry in 18.20 hrs. For 5 hours, the provincial prosecutor questioned the details related to 7 cases from both medical teams After giving details to the prosecutor, the medical team, both teams, then returned immediately without any interviews with reporters.
Grandma, grandchildren were killed, wrapped in 2 bodies.Used to quarrel|Grandchildren were killed, wrapped in 2 bodies. Used to quarrel with the breast (9 May 65) at 17.30 hrs. Police Colonel Suchart Si Duangdee, Inspector of Investigation, Nong Phok Police Station was notified of the murder. Inside the house, No. 176, Village No. 12, Nong Phok Subdistrict, Nong Phok District, Roi Et Province, there were 2 deaths, so they inspected and volunteer volunteers of Metha Tham rescue. 2 layers inspected at the scene of the incident on the 1st floor, found a 97-year-old Nang Klom. The body was lying in the mattress in the hallway, the 1st floor. C. Near each other, found the body of Miss Niphon, 32 years old, the body was lying face down. In the bathroom on the 1st floor, sinking the pile of blood died at the scene of the incident. There is a knife for about 15 cm long kitchen. The embroidered at the occipital area. Initially coordinated the police to prove the evidence to collect forensic evidence. To accelerate the collection of evidence Follow the criminals to prosecute the law. Ask the mother of Miss Nipaporn. Told with tears that Before the daughter's incident Told him that Mr Art, a transsexual girl, who was a husband, called many lines But didn't answer In which the stepson is angry Used to have problems with inheritance Had had arguments He therefore expected that Luk Probably the person who started the incident Now he still can't think of anything. Because he had to lose both the beloved mother and daughter Would like the police to follow Mr Art to investigate quickly
Sorayut revealed new information about watermelon cases.The blood test results found "broken drugs" in the witnesses on the boat.|Sorayut revealed the blood test results found "broken medicine" in witnesses on the watermelon boat. And there is no explanation from the police The knot does not examine substance abuse. 2 suspects on the boat (10 May 65) Page Sorayut Suthasanachinda, the laborer has revealed the progress information. The case of the death of the watermelon Nida Patcharaweerapong stated that ALPRAZOLAM or 'broken drug' in 1 witness witness ... The Ombudsman revealed has not been explained from The police knot does not check for drugs. 2 suspects on the boat 'Watermelon', while the substance of 1 person's witnesses is an Alprazolam Benzodazolam. May 9, 2022. Police Lieutenant Colonel Kiripkrit Theeranon, Secretary -General of the Office of the Ombudsman, said that the results of the results of the Forensic Science Institute Police Hospital On issues related to the case of the death of Miss Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or Watermelon, as Mr. Ronnarong Kaewphet, President Has submitted a complaint for the Ombudsman to consider and seek facts As well as examining the performance of the investigation officers Mueang Nonthaburi Provincial Police Station In the case of illegal discretion and discrimination in the abuse and alcohol in the body of the testimony of 3 people, but do not check for addiction. In the body of the other two witnesses, which are the same case and in the same scene, which can be concluded that on February 26, 2022 Mueang Nonthaburi Provincial Police Station inquiry official Mueang Nonthaburi Provincial Police Station Has coordinated the staff Phra Nang Klao Hospital Collecting blood samples from the witnesses in the boat, 3 incidents between 12.07 hrs. Until 13.30 hrs. Later, on March 9, 2022, the inquiry official. Mueang Nonthaburi Provincial Police Station Sent the said blood sample To the National Forensic Science Institute To check or test the amount of alcohol in the blood And detecting drug addiction in the body of the witness in the boat, there is a reason for blood samples by Gas Chromatography. No alcohol was detected in any way. But the results of the drug detection of the witnesses were found. The ALPRAZOLAM Benzodazolam was detected on March 1, 2022, Muang Nonthaburi Provincial Police Station. Have coordinated with doctors and staff Institute of Forensic Science The police hospital for physical examination, substance abuse and collection of 5 people's witnesses in the boat. By collecting urine samples from 3 individual witnesses and urine and blood, but 1 person in the boat in the boat was not collected at any example because Do not agree to collect blood samples and urine. The drug can be detected from the body for the longest is to check the hair. Which can be detected for more than 3 months, but testing or testing the amount of alcohol Will be able to detect after drinking alcohol in the body within 30 minutes and the amount of alcohol will be reduced by an average of 15-20 milligrams per hour. If the Office of the Ombudsman has been explained the facts from the Provincial Police Region 1, it will speed up the conclusion of the diagnosis as soon as possible. And ask society to be confident that all parties will be equal in this case. By adhering to evidence and legal principles as important information from the Division of Control 'Alprazolam' is a Benzodiazepine drug. Which is short or moderate as Lorazepam has a trade name such as Zolam, Xanax, etc. used to treat anxiety, peaceful, and helping to sleep. The drug is absorbed (T Max) within 1-2 hours to attach to the protein in the plasma 67-72 % and has a half life. 11.1-19 hours. Other pharmacology effects found, such as muscle relaxants, resistance. Antiepileptics causes anterograde amnesia. And memory decreased Working performance that requires expertise Or sudden decisions deteriorate Because this drug affects the central nervous system, there are people who use this drug in the wrong way. Such as appearing in various media that the drug is broken
Commander in Chief 1 revealed that it is not excited!Meet "Drug girl", the person on the boat caseBecause found in men|The police retaliated in the case of 1 in 5 in 5 people on a speedy speed boat. It's not exciting because it is in a man. That is not revealed to the media because it is in the case today. 10 (May) Pol.Lt.Gen. From 1 in 5 blood tests, on the boat, found alprazolam or a young drug. Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapat stated that it was not a new issue. Not exciting But the reason that was not mentioned on the date of the statement of the case on the said issue Because all the details are in the case Together with the detection of a young woman found in men And can't tell who it is Also not sure what is used for Because men who take medicine have many issues, including taking medicine to sleep Or as a stress For the social trend and new information that has been published, the Commander in Chief 1 still confirms that Everything is not new. And still have to fight Believe that the real thing is fake Which does not affect the case
"Pong Anchalee" with the 1 year prison, do not wait for the criminal case to bring the mob to invade the TV station NBT.|The Court of Appeals sentenced to the Court of First Instance, ordered 1 year imprisonment, not waiting for the criminal "Je Pong Anchalee" and the case of the partner mob invaded NBT in 2008 today (10 May) at the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road. The court made an appointment to hear the judgment of the Court of Appeals No. 1033/2561 in the case of the prosecutor. The Office of the Special Prosecutor Special Criminals 4 is the plaintiff filed a lawsuit against the defendant 1. Mr. Somkiat Phongphaibun 2. Miss Anchalee Phairak 3. Mr. Phuwadon Songprasert 4. Mr. Yuthayong Limlertwet and Mr. Chitiphat Limthongkul In the case that the People's Alliance for Democracy The rally at NBT television in 2008, which today the travelers only have Miss Anchalee and Mr. Yuthayong only because Mr. Somkiat has died. Mr Phuwadon was not able to travel due to the illness, Ms. Anchalee. Gave an interview to the media before listening to the court's judgment that The incident occurred since the partner 1, and there are still many cases that are currently undergoing the DPW's rally for encouragement. Ms Anchalee said that before, before the epidemic, the epidemic went to court almost every month or every month, except for some months, sometimes 2 times, when becoming older, resulting in becoming more discreet. Vasatal did not feel scared, but respecting the court's consideration. The Court of Appeals has a sentence of the Court of First Instance, 1 year in prison, not waiting for criminal by Ms. Puangthip Boonkon, a lawyer in the case. As for Mr. Somkiat who died The court has distributed the case, but the defendant 2-5 confirmed according to the Court of First Instance. Which after this will apply for insurance By using 200,000 baht per person, including preparing to submit a petition for the court to consider again. Miss Puangthip Added that There is concerns in the case, but embrace the court's decision. As for the insurance, it is still in the conditions that you can use the insured discretion.
The young man revealed that the high society accepted as a boat on the boat that uses Alprazolam.|The young man revealed that the high society accepted the people on the boat that uses Alprazolam, who claims to relieve stress. Drug from the clinic from the case of Pol. Col. Kirapakrit Theeranon, Secretary of the Ombuds Revealed the blood test results of the witness on the boat, the watermelon case, found an alprazolam type Benzodazolam group, which is often called 1 drug from the next 3 examinations today (10 P. . C. 65) In the midday program in time for the incident, Kanchai Kamonploy, the news anchor revealed that From that case He inquired to Por Nuphat, one of the accused of watermelon case. Which is the person where the police have brought the blood test to find a drug By confirming that the blood test results found in the Alprazolam type Benzodazolam. It was an anti -stressful drug. Kanchai also said that Po said stress. Therefore allowing people to take the said drug So he asked where the medicine came from. Po said that it was taken from a clinic. Which also said that the drug used was Alprazolam used in the amount of 0.5 milligrams. The young man said that the facts as said to him Must be in the inspection And have to let the way to explain
The director of the Pathumwan police station confirmed that he didn't help K. hundred million after the news of the police attack.|Police Colonel Phansa Amarapitak, Director of Pathumwan Police Station Gave an interview to the media on Tuesday night (10 May) that he would not help Mr. Kennikanu Thep Chakrapha Maha Decha or K hundred million, aged 47 years, as there is a news about the attack on the police work. "I heard it and I was uncomfortable. Said that the police would help the accused I definitely won't help. It is an offense which is clear. And everyone is clear. There is no help. Certainly, "Col. Phansa, the previous day of the same day, K. a hundred million, walked in to slap in front of the democratic vendor, Mrs. Worawan Zew, or Aunt Pao, aged 68, while speaking on the walkway. Raise the level above Pathumwan junction Until Aunt Pao fell to the floor, Col. Phansa Mentioned the issue of giving or not to bail in the investigation level that At this time, he uses discretion from bail. Because he had caused the incident Whether it is released a snake on Ratchadamri Road In front of Central World Or even throwing a bottle in Siam Paragon. "He had repeatedly committed an offense at Ratchaprasong intersection. At Paragon Which I think that if during the time when it happened like this and didn't detain him He will go to the incident again, which I am at the moment that I have me as the head of the inquiry official still uses discretion to not allow bail. "However, the director of Pathumwan Police Station confirmed that if the lawyer of K A hundred million applying for bail Can do Which must depend on the court whether to bail or not during the interview Someone asked why he didn't seize the phone of K hundred million, like arresting a group of protesters to demand democracy. Col. Phansa said that he would like to talk about the case of Kee hundred million's physical assault.
The confession of the Wedding shop ownerKilling, waiting for 2 grandchildren, intend to kill the stepmother but could not find|Open the confession of the Wedding shop owner. Killing, waiting for 2 grandchildren, intended to kill the stepmother But could not find it at all, killing the people in the house instead of the murder. 2 Grandchildren, the deceased house, 97 -year -old grandmother and 32 -year -old died, a woman, with a 32 -year -old mother, expected that the culprit is the child. Husband because he had had a problem with inheritance before, therefore expected that the child was probably the person who caused the investigation Investigated the information until knowing that the suspect was Mr. Art, the child, Mr Art, opened a pre -wedding shop in the district of Nong Phok, so they called to interrogate for 1 hour. Confessed to be the culprit Surrender to the evidence of the investigation. Mr. Art has received information that before the incident and his subordinates in the shop Drove out of the pre -wedding shop in the district of Nong Phok target, which was to kill the stepmother But when he arrived home Instead, he met a 97 -year -old grandmother in the house alone, Mr Art decided to kill brutally. By using a kitchen knife to stab the body 1-2 times before cutting the neck after killing Grandma Hidden inside the house Hoping to kill the stepmother, but the 32 -year -old victims walked into the house. Mr. Art then darted with the same knife dozens of times. Before cutting the neck and put a knife on the neck. When killing 2 grandmother, Mr. Art took the 32 -year -old's phone before driving a motorcycle to escape. Mr. Art Leaving the victim's phone 110 km away from the scene of the Khok Sawang Subdistrict, Nong Phok District and returned to buy a new shirt at Nong Phok Municipality Market Before driving a motorcycle to the road Take the blood and change the new shirt. On the side of Ban Chawa -Nong Bua, Nong Phok Subdistrict, to prepare to travel to prepare the wedding for the customer. The matter of dividing the inheritance and land after his father died. But the stepmother said that he wanted to have an inheritance land to sue The father died and took the land. Refusing to share Even the house where he lived Is still the name of stepmother By evade all the time Admitted to acting alone With a terrifying emotion and admitted to the act of acting, the police reported Mr. Art "Killing others intentionally" and was being interrogated. 18 -year -old man if found to be involved Will report more charges later
The court provided the "K Hundred Million" Insurance. The case of "Aunt Pao" laid out the conditions that do not cause repeated chaos.|The Pathumwan Court bail "K hundred million". The case of "Pa Pao" in front of the insurance price of 20,000 baht and the conditions do not cause chaos in public. Or the same situation as this case today (May 11), after the police, Pathumwan Police Station, bringing Mr. Kanos Phisuthep or "K hundred million" to be imprisoned to the Pathumwan District Court. The latest progress, Pathumwan District Court allowed to release temporarily released Mr. Kanos for 30 days. The case of attacking Mrs. Worawan Sae -Ang or "Pa Pao" placed the securities in cash of 20,000 baht and determined the conditions prohibiting the chaos in public. And causing the same cause again. Otherwise, the court may consider revocation of temporary release The reason that the court allowed bail Due to waiting for the treatment results of "Aunt Pao" from the police hospital Expected to take another 3 days for the inquiry official to bring the case to complete the case.
The 9 -year -old 2 -year -old woman in the village repeatedly became indecent.|Notifying the 53 -year -old man, obscene, 9 -year -old girl after finding a poor house, giving money to lure The man proposed a mediation for the father of thirty thousand children. Finally, the mother knew the matter, refusing to report. The police found another person who used to be indecent children on May 11, 2022 at Ban Sadet Police Station, Ban Sadet Subdistrict, Mueang District, Lampang Province. Sweet (assumed name), aged 9 years, along with aunt reporting to the investigation officer of Ban Sadet Police Station to prosecute Mr. Nui, 53 years old and Mr. Yut is unknown for pornography. That the police officer said The incident occurred at the beginning of the year 2022 during the day while Miss Wan, who played in the village Is about to walk to find a grandmother in the pineapple garden Met Mr. Nui Which is the person that the child already knows Called his child into Before obscene girls And know that after that event Mr Nui also made his daughters many times in the same way. Occurred when the daughter walked to buy shrimp paste at the shop, the owner of the shop called his child into the back of the shop. And made obscenity to his own daughter, the neighbors, who are relatives, saying that Miss Wan lives with father and grandfather, a total of 4 people. Enter the forest to find forests As for the mother, the child has broke up with the father of the child since Miss Wan Born And moved back home And have a new family. The father during the day when going to work into the forest, will let the daughter play with the children In the village as a child After the incident, the child told the story to the villagers. Because the child has a stomach pain The villagers therefore asked what it was. In the end, the child agreed to tell when the father was aware of the matter, then brought the said story to consult the village leader. Which is recommended to meet the police After meeting Police officer The authorities have recommended mediation. By calling Mr. Nui Which has a career to pick up the fermented fish to ask for the first time that there is a conversation. Mr. Nui has admitted that And will pay to pay for thirty thousand baht Until later, the mother knew the matter and refused. Bring the child to report After reporting Police officers investigated Therefore know that the person who is nasty, the child has another Mr. Yut, the officer has brought the force to inspect the house but did not find Mr. Nui After the wife knew the matter Therefore quarreled until the wife asked to quit Because it is not acceptable because the girl is a distant relative Of the wife too Causing Mr. Nui to regret and drive to return to Phrae But there was an accident in the middle of the way Currently, treatment at Lampang Hospital
"Jin-Ning" met Mr Tum Sitra, reported the "sand" May 17.|"Jin-Ning Panita" meets the lawyer Sititra prepared to report the "sand" back to May 17, also the details. Post pictures and messages on Facebook pages. Today, Ning Panita Thamwattana and Jarin Thamwattana or Jin's husband met at the Sittra Law Firm Office to consult the law about the case. The news is now and on Tuesday. There will be a police station. In order to report the prosecution to Mr. Wisa Patchamanairat or Sandy as well. The details will be brought down to read the next day. Ready to give encouragement to Ning Panita and Jin's husband. Reporters reported that previously Sandwisa Patchmanomairat, one of the suspects of the death of watermelon. Post a picture with Icharin Jutatsuksawat Former watermelon manager via personal Instagram In the midst of various criticisms in the couple, Jin Jarin and Ning Panita Thamwattana came out to comment on the case as well before the sandy lawyer along with personal lawyer. Will travel to report at Tha Kham Police Station to condone Mr. Jarin Charged with defamation by advertising by Ning Panita and her husband, posted a picture with a tag to the lawyer Tum Tumsitra, while in France in order to be a lawyer.
Students do guns to fire at the trainer.Thought that the ammunition that had fallen as a dummy practice|Due to the tragedy in the field of shooting field The students made a gun at the trainer died. Pick up the ammunition on the floor to put in the chamber Think of it as a dummy practice child. Reporters reported that today (13 May) at 12.00 hrs. Notified that the injured were shot by a firearm at a shooting range in Khlong Chet Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province. The back area, which is a shooting location Found 1 injured, who was a trainer named Capt. Charnchai, 40 years old, was shot with an unknown firearm in the upper arm, 1 shot, seriously injured, unconscious volunteer foundation. Grateful therefore first aid. Before delivering the injured to the rescue vehicle, Thanyaburi Hospital sent to Thanyaburi Hospital and later died. In which the woman was a woman, still waiting to meet the police with a panic expression in the scene, knowing that it was a rental field for shooting for members In which there are about 11 students in the gun shooting program, 3 trainers in the morning are theoretical training In the afternoon, during the incident, it was a practical training. 40-50 years, took the bullet on the floor to put in the chamber, thinking that it was a dummy practice ball Without knowing that the bullet that was put in was a real bullet Which does not know that the real bullet is mixed on the floor After that, he had a shot to pull the trigger to the front target. As a result, the ammunition was hit by Charnchai, the trainer, injured and died. Later, Pol. Pol. Pol. Pol. The scene was recorded as evidence and brought Miss Thacha to interrogate to find the root cause and bring firearms to inspect. To report the allegations The body of the deceased coordinated the relatives to contact the body to continue to perform religious merit -making.
Hot policeRunnas, haircuts from parkingCarrying a gun down to shoot the customer in front of the shop|A astrologer young man from parking Holding a gun down to shoot in front of the customer seat in front of the shop Shock girlfriend Never known each other Just come to cut the hair Was shot dead (14 May 65) at 15.16 hrs. Police Lieutenant Colonel Thossaphon Phutsakham Roi Roi investigated Chokchai Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, was notified of the incident Someone was shot dead. In front of the barber shop in Chokchai Subdistrict Municipality, No. 162, Chokchai Subdistrict, Chokchai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, so rushed to the scene with Hook 31 points, Chokchai at the scene. It is a one -story building open as a male barber shop, found a body as a man. Later, Mr. Anuwat, 35 years old, is a technician in the factory, was shot with a long shotgun. floor In front of the entrance to the said haircut shop Nearby, found 2 shotgun shells, shot 1 ball and have not shot 1 more, with another ball bearings falling near the body. With the wife of the deceased sitting in shock from the investigation of the police, before the incident, Mr. Anuwat, the deceased, left the house with his girlfriend to sit and wait to cut the hair in front of the shop later. Sahak, 22 years old, drove a black Ford sedan to park in front of the barber shop and got out of the car to buy beer. After getting off the car, Mr. Sahak Walked in to ask Mr. Anuwat And the wife who is waiting to cut the hair in front of the shop whether or not to park here or not. Mr Sahak then walked to buy beer to sit and drink in front of the barber shop for a while. The barber shop owner walked out to tell Mr. Sahak. Bring the car to park on the opposite side, because the parking here will obstruct the traffic because the 2 -lane road and narrow. The car is a separate path and the car out of the alley. Then Mr. Sahak drove a sedan to park on the opposite side with anger and getting out of the car with a long shotgun. And walked in to shoot at the front of the deceased 1 shot until he fell and died immediately In the midst of the shock of the girlfriend, Mr. Anuwat Long caused the incident Mr. Sahak drove a sedan with a long shotgun that used to surrender to the police at Chokchai Police Station, which is about 400 meters away from the barber shop. Confirmed that the girlfriend didn't know the dead and had never had a story before And while Mr. Sahak parked the car, asked Mr. Anuwat and responded politely, not having to accuse or quarrel with the offender in any way. Until now, I still do not know what the reason Mr. Saha came to shoot his girlfriend, but from the inquiry of the villagers in this neighborhood, knowing that Mr. Sahak is a police son and has a history of drugs. In which he had to ask for justice from Chokchai police station as well, because his girlfriend didn't do anything wrong to sit and wait for the haircut Was killed Police Colonel Bunchak Prasertsak Director of Chokchai Police Station Nakhon Ratchasima said From the inquiry in Initially know that The cause of the shot of the accused was Mr. Sahak. Angry that was chased away from parking in the said area, therefore, was angry, using firearms to shoot. Mr. Anuwat died. And the accused did not escape, surrendered to the officer with a firearm that caused the crime and not testified. By claiming to wait for the lawyer first The police have informed the allegations of killing others with the intention and carrying a gun in a place or a public way without permission to the accused. In the case that the accused is the son of the police or not themselves, do not know But anyone when violating the law must be prosecuted honestly and he will give fairness to all parties. Ask the deceased relatives to not worry.
Gathering, using a screwdriver to leverage the administrative roomStole the student tuition fee of 1.7 hundred thousand|Progress after yesterday The police investigated Bang Khen Police Station arrested Mr Khamphan, 46 years old, the accused who caused the incident into the administrative room of a private school. Ram Inthra area Use a screwdriver to leverage the desk. And silver metal cabinets Stealing the school tuition fees of the said school to over 170,000 baht, which is the money to return to the parents of the students. Put in a shoulder bag, the school logo fleeing The incident occurred around midnight, half of April 30. Before the police went to arrest him in the rental room In Soi Rangsit-Pathum Thani, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province. After the property, most of them were cash and divided by 50,000 baht for friends to borrow to spend. Another part was used to buy 5 small gold Buddha amulets. In cash, around 30,000 baht and will follow another 20,000 baht from the person who borrowed it back to the victim. Today, the accused confessed that After the case of the thieves in February Has been around the incident in many areas, including Bangkok and its surrounding provinces. In the Bang Khen police station, 4 cases have been burglary. Most of them are shops, coffee shops. Valuable in the shop When the incident was completed Will take off the yarn hat Walking like a police or soldiers In addition, it is also a patrol in Min Buri Police Station, Bueng Kum Police Station, Rama 2, in Bang Bua Thong District. Nonthaburi Province, Phra Pradaeng District Samut Prakan Province After the officers brought the accused to ask for the power of the court to be locked at the Criminal Court. Ready to oppose the bail
The husband of the debtor shot the creditors, extinguished the house.Will take now|The husband of the debtor shot the creditors of 3 shots. Will take it back now (15 May 65). At 19.50 hrs. Police Colonel Thanat Sripramit, Inspector of Investigation, Sattahip Police Station, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, was informed that someone was shot by a firearm. Life in the restaurant Soi Rungrot, Village No. 4, Sattahip Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, after being notified to inspect, along with Col. Panyam Lek, Director of Sattahip Police Station, Sattahip Medical Investigation, Sattahip Hospital 10 Rescue Unit Sawang Rojan Thammasathan, the incident, found the body of Mr. Phairat, aged 50, lying in the blood. Beside the marble horse table In the condition of taking off the shirt Wear shorts Shot by a firearm into the head of the neck and hands in the amount of 3 shots, with the police control the gunman in the shop, knowing the name of Mr. Karn Phongphisut, 45 years old, with Automatic shotgun, with the confession as the shooter at the time. This asked Mrs. Bongkot, 22 years old, knew that the dead, he came to demand money with his mother. But at that time the mother was not at home So he came to see his father, a stepfather. At that time, only 3 people had a small child and father, but the person who came to demand money now So can he ask him to relax? He answered that he didn't. Will take now He stood up. Before fighting with dad He then carried a small child out. Before the father went to pick up the gun to shoot The money that came to demand 10,000 baht. At first, we talked well. Before arguments Before the father took the gun to shoot Heard the last 3 guns, police officers Made a record of the scene Before bringing the accused Come to point out the killing point Before being taken to investigate further Kill others intentionally In order to proceed with legal proceedings
Former police jealousUsing a long shot, shooting a mother-in-law-a terrible wifeBefore using the feet to fire the suicide|Former police jealous of the wife Using a long shot, shooting mother -in -law died The wife was seriously shot. Before using the feet to fire the suicide today (16 May), the reporter reported that Police officers in Mae Ramat Police Station, Mae Ramat District, Tak Province, was notified of a dead shot at one house, Village No. 2, Mae Ramat Subdistrict, Mae Ramat District, there were deaths and injuries. Therefore coordinated the doctor at Mae Ramat Hospital Rescue unit in the area to the scene of the incident, found two dead bodies, Police Lieutenant Colonel Wichian, 64 years old, police officer Was shot and sank into the house and Nang La, 79 years old, the mother -in -law of Lieutenant Colonel Wichian Was shot into the neck of the entrance to the entrance of the house and found Mrs. Thanaphat, 47, wife of Lieutenant Colonel Wichian Seriously injured Was shot into the right arm area, died Rescue personnel quickly brought to Mae Ramat Hospital. From the investigation of the police, before the incident, Capt. Wichian, the culprit and Mrs. Thanpat Lived to eat, my husband and wife lived at the scene of the accident, only 2 people, and the son went to work in the provinces. Both like to have an argument on a regular basis. Because the deceased was jealous of his wife. Later, on May 15 at approximately 15.00 hrs. Having a drunken quarrel with Nang Thanaphat, his wife at the house after the incident During the incident, Nang La at home next to each other heard the quarrel, so went out to see it to be forbidden, but Capt. Wichian. Using a shotgun to shoot under the neck, died later Police Lieutenant Colonel Wichian used a firearm to shoot his wife into the right arm. Broken bones were broken. After that he entered the house, using the same mouth. And used the toe to pull the trigger to shoot the gun. Mr Nipon, 59 years old, the woman's relatives said that both had a problem of quarrels all the time. In which the man regularly drunk Is a jealous man Until the paranoid symptoms throughout the examination of the incident, 1 shotgun's shell was found in front of the house And another sheath fell on the balcony in front of the house Found the body of Nang Lon, died in front of the door to enter the house, found the body of Capt. Wichian. Died in the house And found a long shotgun, registered at the end of the foot And there is a shell in the barrel Nang Thanapat was sent to be treated at Mae Ramat Hospital. The inquiry official joined with the doctor at Mae Ramat Hospital. Example And gave Nang Lan to the relatives to receive merit according to the tradition of Capt. Wichian Has been deposited at Mae Sot Hospital To wait for relatives from Phetchaburi province to travel to receive the body For the woman is a good person Until the man was jealous
The most bruised merchant!The call center gang is dressed in the police uniform.Lost all 4 million lives|The four corner market merchants were hit by a call center gang. Less than 4 million baht to lose money, in trouble, without money to pay for the tuition fees. Passed while selling goods in the four corner market There is a phone number to call on the phone. Claiming to be the Laem Chabang Post Office, said that he had many illegal parcels left at the post office While also claiming that he is involved in money laundering Causing him to feel very worried, then transferred the call to the video call to the person who claimed to be the director of Laem Chabang Police Station Because the police have a full uniform And to reveal the account And do not conceal, otherwise it will be prosecuted for joint offenses, money laundering by all money transfer to the police to investigate with honesty. If it is not found that it is guilty, the money will be transferred within 40 minutes and emphasizing that it is not to tell the story to those close. Make yourself believe And transfer money to a bank account Central Pattaya Branch of 4,043,683 baht, totaling a total period of not more than 1 hour. At the same time, the victim admits that the lump sum is the money that the family has accumulated for the whole life. But because of shock and anxiety, despite the previous news, the behavior of the call center gang And he never had to have a case But with fear of being a victim, which caused a lot of trouble to the family Especially without money to pay the tuition fees of both daughters That is about to open the semester Therefore would like to call on the relevant government agencies to solve the call center gang In order not to cause the incident to other people anyway.
Ning-Jin with a lawyer Tum reported the "sand" charges of defamation, not apologizing.|Ning-Jin with a lawyer Tum reported the "sand" charges of defamation by advertising, not sorry. If negotiated, please contact Ning-Panita Thamwattana, actor, along with Jin-Jarin. Thammawattana, husband and Mr. Sitra Khwang, or lawyer, Tum, Secretary -General of the Foundation, Lawyer, People Traveled to report at Pathumwan Police Station to prosecute sand-Wisaphat Manomairat on charges of defamation by advertising. Mr. Sitra said that today the victim is Ning Panita to report the charges. Defamation with advertising Due to May 1, Sand reported the defamation of advertisements. And announced in a defamation of Ning With a message stating that Ning has a lot to talk about. And also 1 other issue Which today brings evidence in clips and removing the tape of the Sand's interview Including witnesses as the general public to testify Because listening to the interview of Sand Reduce the value of Ning, the part that Jin comments "badass" confirms that it is not a defamation, not cursing the sand, but it is said that the damn is an animal. Not illegal Should be a lawsuit against the face Which will fight the case in this section That way has the right to report. We also have rights. Confident that it will be able to fight both cases. Ning Panita revealed that posting images and messages Write according to feelings Believe that everyone reads Will understand as written In which he works with the media Being a star with the social world Didn't do anything with satisfaction Reporting today's damages Money matters are not important. As appropriate As it should not be called according to the satisfaction that the lawyer, the police will consider And this matter, everyone must receive justice. Ning also wanted. And Ning was not fascinated with While Jin Confirmed that he would not apologize If the sand will contact to negotiate Can follow through the lawyer Tum
Take it too!"Front" former watermelon manager reports "Jin Ning" defamation|Lawyer Pornsak brought the former watermelon manager to report to Jin Jin, Ning Panita, charged with defamation by advertising reporters that today (18 May) Ms. Ichsarin Jutha Suksawat or the former manager of the late actress, watermelon (Nida) Phatthida together with Mr. Pornsak Vipas Apanon, lawyer Reported the complaint to prosecute Mr. Jarin Thamwattana or the husband of Ning Panita Thamwattana on charges of defamation for advertising. In the case of commenting on the image that Ning Panita shared a post at Sandwisa Patch Manomairat, taken with the flask on Instagram, stating that personally was damaged by Jin Chi. Rin Thamwatana, the husband of Ning Panita, commented on Instagram In the past, people around brought these information. Then decided to bring the evidence to report the complaint to protect the dignity, but who just reported the complaint today Because personally just have clear information Although before this, Sandwisa Patch Manomairat would report the complaint. In addition In the next week, the lawyer prepares to gather evidence, report the complaint to those who comment on the way that causes themselves to deteriorate in social media. At least 2 more, but still do not reveal the details of who it is or charged with the bottle. Also commented in the case of Mr. Genius Rueang Rattanaphong President of the Crime Victim Club Led the team to search for information in the case of watermelon death By wondering What is the movement of Mr. Genius doing? And can it be done? But personally would not go through But if there are any issues that refuse yourself Would like to use the rights under the law. As for the issue, the genius claimed that the group of people on the boat brought a knife to the boat. Until causing a large wound on the right side of the watermelon, confirming that he was on the boat During this event But did not see that there was an act that Mr. Genius referred to Which this happened on the Chao Phraya River But the story is now floating far to the sea. In the event that the prosecutor has an appointment to listen to the commands on May 27, confirmed that he will travel by appointment. As for the prosecutor, there will be an order, it depends on the discretion. Which is ready to cooperate And not worried about the case before this prosecutor ordered an inquiry official to increase the issues on more than 20 issues, ready to cooperate. Reported the sand at Pathumwan Police Station. The sand will wait for the police to submit a subpoena before. To travel to provide information according to the steps
A. Unanimous resolution!Let "Net Nak Suk" leave the government service. Order not to sue "Boss Yu Wittaya"|A. The consensus to punish "Net Naksuk" to leave the government. The knot ordered not to sue "Boss Yoo Witthaya". Drive a luxury police officer, Thonglor police station died today (18 May 65) at the Office of the Attorney General, Chaeng Watthana Road, Mr. Phachara Samaydamrong, Chairman of the Prosecutor's Committee (A. .) President of the meeting The Prosecutor's Committee (A.), with an important agenda regarding the punishment of Mr. Net Naksuk, former Deputy Attorney General In the event that there is an order not to sue Mr. Worayuth or Boss Yuwitthaya, the accused of driving a luxury car to hit the sword, Wichian Distillery Police, the police under Thonglor Police Station died. Story together By the story of Mr Net It is a long -standing story and the Office of the Attorney General has passed a serious discipline exam. On charges of ordering the case without being very careful And violating serious discipline under the Act 71 and M.85 (7), with the unanimous resolution of the investigation committee that the actions of Mr. Netnaksuk in Boss Yuwittaya's case is a case that uses discretion. And causing the Office of the Attorney General to be serious in the seriousness of the said seriousness, that is to say, change the speed of the Boss in Witthaya. Later, the next speed was resolved, with many parties involved in the government from 179 kilometers per hour to 79 kilometers per hour. Which does not exceed 80 kilometers per hour In order to see that the Boss's car is no more than the specification, which later admitted that the speed resolution was a request that was requested or made to deviate in the matter of justice. And when Mr Net The said opinion was used to conduct discretion, ordered not to sue the Boss in Witthaya, even though Boss was in Witthaya, has asked for 13-14 times. Previously, he did not accept the opinions of the two witnesses, namely Mr. Jaruchat. Madthong and Air Chief Marshal Chakkrit Thanomkulbut, because both witnesses came after the incident for about 2 years, while there was another witness of the Myanmar nationality. Which was at the scene and saw the event from the said operation causing criticism in foreign media Including criticism of the judicial process Reflecting the basis of incorrect investigation There is an investigation. There is an incorrect investigation to order the case. Therefore, the 14th Affairs Committee today resolved to be unanimous that the actions of Mr Net Breaking serious discipline And not in the rules to be protected The order of Mr. Net There is not a matter of corruption. Therefore punished to dismiss from the government But because Mr Net has been in civil service for a long time and has never behaved in a way before reducing the penalty To leave the government Another issue Is to set up a committee to investigate Mr. Chainarong Saengthonggarong from the first investigation with Mr. Chainarong Accepting that it has been involved in the real speed resolving After this, a serious disciplinary investigation will be investigated. In order to proceed in accordance with the law, the prosecutor's board has resolved to order a serious discipline examination of the Naga Suk.
Teacher Pawin revealed the progress of the case of physical assault in the year 62, stating the Japanese court has considered.|Mr. Pawin Chatchawanpongphan Associate Professor of Southeast Asian Studies Kyoto University posted on Facebook on Thursday (19 May) about the progress of the case that he was assaulted in 2019 that the court consideration was completed. And have another appointment in the month June "The consideration of the court is finished. And have another appointment at the beginning of next month. "Teacher Pawin posted in 2019, this Thai scholar That is asylum in Kyoto Japan The criminal was wearing a black outfit into the accommodation at 04.45 hrs. And attacked with chemicals. At the end of April, Mr Pim stated that the Japanese police arrested the offender. And confessed that the employer had to hurt
The prosecutorBringing the speedbox gang, raising the team for negligence. "Por" was charged with adding more.|On May 19, 65, at 15.00 hrs. Reporters reported that Ms. Supaporn Nipavanich, Nonthaburi Province Prosecutor Called Pol. Suphan Khansa, Deputy Director of Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Head of the inquiry official Muang Nonthaburi Police Station Which is responsible for the death of the actor, actress, watermelon, Nida or Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong Traveled to pick up the investigation back to conduct a new investigation as well as reporting additional allegations to Ms. Ichsarin Jutha Suksawat or Knorlia and Mr. Nipat Kirati Sutthisorn or Job in the allegations of negligence, causing others to die. Along with ordering to set up additional charges with Mr Nuphat Lertthaweewit or Hi -So Po on charges of using the psychopath After the substance was detected in the Alprazolam Benzodazolam group, which Mr Nuphat admitted that he had taken the drug to suspend anxiety, reporters reported that After the prosecutor had an additional opinion for the inquiry official to add allegations with Ms. Ichsarin And Mr. Nithat today, it means that the group of 5 speedboats will be reported to be negligent, causing the actress, actor, watermelon, Nida Patcharaweerapong, drowned. Causing the inquiry official to call Ms. Ichsarin Jutha Suksawat or Knorlia and Mr. Nipat Kirati Sutthorn or Job came to do additional interrogation before further reporting the allegations. In addition, in order to keep up with all the groups of the people who have to travel to report to the Nonthaburi prosecutor on May 27.
Former surgeonFollow the watermelon caseRevealing if knowing this big backProbably not daring to interfere|Former surgeon encountered a large stump, the watermelon case said, if knowing before, would give up. Do not dare to interfere But now riding the back of the tiger Regardless, you have to move forward to Dr. Thawatchai Kanchanarin, former surgeon of Phramongkutklao Hospital. It is another person who came out to move about the death of Watermelon Nida as a doctor who has been working in this field for decades. As before Dr. Thawatchai Just conducted a trial of a weapon called K2 folding knives with pork that resemble the latest human legs (19 May), Fezook Tavatchai Kanchanarin of Dr. Thawatchai The message was posted about the wound in the watermelon case again, stating that "How did the wound increase?" The Commander of the Forensic Institute said that the first wound examination of 26 February found that there were a total of 26 wounds and There has never been a change of this number again. The 11 wounds, he did not really know which information from any source of forensic announcement. Large sores on the thighs Can only specify that it is caused by sharp objects But it's not clear whether it is caused by a boat propeller or not. After that, almost all media in all news offices were in the same news, "There are 11 wounds, large wounds are caused by a semi -sharp object", 4 March, a team of forensic doctors (doctors 1, assistant medical 1, photographer 2) conducted a comparison experiment. The propeller of the witness and the wound (right 5 left 8) 22 March, the 2nd autopsy, which the Secretariat of the Ministry of Justice later gave an interview that "The day of the meeting, I heard dozens of doctors in the room. I think that in that room, nearly 20 people, clearly heard that The wounds at that time were approximately 11 wounds or more, but less than 20 wounds, but didn't see it in the report because he (Matrakit) spoke at the meeting. After that, I went to the proven room in the afternoon ....... "The 2nd autopsy results have 22 wounds and reported the results of the steaming spy. Two The matter has been tested with a sailor or a large body, right thighs can get in with the propeller in any way- did not let the judges know that there are a total of 26 wounds. Speak only 11 wounds. 22 The wound also has another small fishbone mark on the right thigh outside. But the doctor asked not to count- after the 2nd autopsy, there was no autopsy again. And seized the number 26. The wound did not adjust to the directors' report.-The data was sent to the police part 1 that there are 26 large wounds, sewn and then S-form. Can get in with a boat fan Similar to a foreign wound, now I know why the wound from 11 became 22 and 26, although the wound did not grow. The information received is not distorted. Watch the clip and picture several times a day until all the wounds are in the brain. But without a nightmare at all. I know that the drawing is the left leg on Medial because I was all the one. The wound is sewn at the popliteal, which the right leg has no wound. But deliberately writing it in the right (Fresh water plant that Midway broke Which the truth is not broken). Assistant experiment with the body Or the female doctor will contact But what is more than expected. AF is really enormous. If you know that this is so big Dare not dare to interfere But now riding the back of the tiger Regardless, you have to move forward. How can you leave a companion?
Passengers stampedeThe girl was stabbed on the train.|Passengers stampede The girl was stabbed on the train. After the argument, jealousy thought that the boyfriend had an affair at approximately 17.00 hrs. Hello Chai, Deputy Inspector Investigation Sikhio Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima Province Was informed of the person who was assaulted on the train 233, Bangkok-Surin, traveling up the uptrend, which is entering the Lat Bua Khao Railway Station (Nong Bua), Sikhio District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. Rescue Hook 31, Korat, Sikhio points to inspect the scene. The injured were found. The name was Miss Ratchanok, 31, lying on the passenger seat in the train, inspected the wound. At the neck area behind the wound, there is a knife embroidered on the neck and the body, a total of 3 points, still conscious. Rescuers therefore accelerate first aid. Before hurrying to deliver to the Sikhio Hospital. Jointly arrested while waiting for the police, which, from the interrogation, Mr Arun, who caused the preliminary testimony that Is a girlfriend with the injured In which, before the incident, he talked to go back to live with Grandma at Chakraj District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province. Therefore took the train from Sub Muang Station, Pak Chong District, Saraburi Province, will get off at Jira Railway Station Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province and then connect to the grandmother at Chakkarat District, but on the way, arguing due to Mr Arun Thinking that Miss Ratchanok has an affair, so jealous And had a violent argument To the point of picking up the fruit knife that the woman brought Came to stab the woman while sitting on the train chair in 2 times at the back and 3rd time, stabbed the neck on the back Until Miss Ratchanok subsided Seriously injured In the midst of the panic of other passengers who traveled the same procession, the latest Additional reporters reported. Ms Ratchanok was severe due to a knife in the neck. Sikhio Hospital had to be delivered to Maharaj Nakorn Ratchasima Hospital In order to dissect the knife out quickly. Mr Arun, the incident, the inquiry official detained at Sikhio police station and prepared to report the charges of trying to kill. Before sending it to the Provincial Court tomorrow
"Sia Chat Sai Pay" lost the call center gangTrick the money, accept, accept very stupid|"Sia Chat Sai Pay" accepted very stupid after losing the call center gang. The fake post office, fake police, deceived all the money (19 May 65), Mr Thanasit Sukket or Sia Chatchai Pay traveled to report to Pol. Nikorn Bai Niam, inspector (investigation) Kamphaeng Phet After being tricked by the call center gang that was a post officer in Sriracha District, Chon Buri Province, reported that there was a parcel residue in clothing and illegal items. And there is a voice to talk In which each person spoke in a way that they were police officers In the same room and claimed that he was under the Sriracha police station in Chonburi province. 10 percent of the law and the office of the AMLO wants to check their financial transactions by telling the bank account number Along with the 4th ID card number, by adding the LINE according to the telephone number that has been informed, send various documents To give, which throughout the discussion, the group claimed to be a policeman, threatened that if not cooperating, will follow up the prosecution to the end As well as sending pictures of the arrest of one of the accused Which claimed to be the leader of the movement And the picture of the police card, stating the name of Police Lieutenant Colonel Kraisorn Ari, Deputy Commander of the Moo (SorSor.), Sriracha Police Station, Chonburi Province and informed that the accused was arrested. The said person spoke to lure him to show financial evidence. By transferring all the money available in the bank to inspect And reported that it took about 40 minutes to check after the examination will be transferred back At that time he was very shocked. Therefore did everything that the group informed everything As well as transferring money in the bank account to over 4 thousand baht after the transfer is complete When it was time for him, he called back to inquire but couldn't contact again. Including the text in the discussion line has been deleted He therefore knew that the group would be deceived by the said group to transfer money for sure. But it's good that he can take the phone And bring various evidence The existing to report the complaint to the inquiry official today, he admitted that he was very scared. And didn't think that this happened to him In the past, he didn't really have time to watch the news that had happened in our society. As well as being honest, whoever says, however, he admitted that it was very stupid. Which all the steps are very realistic By fake as a police officer and saying that if not cooperating, it will be guilty And do not tell others Which finally transferred money in his account Claiming to confirm that in their account really has this money This account has 4,566 baht. Because he rarely seen The transaction is not very cheap. Finally, transfer 4,500 baht, then take a slip to the criminals. And hang up He was relieved to end the story once. With the intention of not telling anyone Finally, asked the reporter that he was deceived. And report to Muang Kamphaeng Phet Police Station
The security guards made to buy things.Before pulling the girl shop, raped the bathroomClaiming to flirt but not stuck|Chief of the security guards, flirting with a convenience store But women don't play with Made to buy things before pulling to rape in the bathroom A building in Khlong San area, Pol. Col. Mahon Saiyut, Director of Somdet Chaopraya Police Station, Pol.Col. Deputy Director of Investigation Somdet Chaopraya Police Station ordered Pol. Pol. Somdet Chaopraya Police Station Leading to arrest Mr Thinra, 30 years old, the security officer Causing the rape of convenience store staff due to the middle of the night on May 17, while the victim Working in a convenience store Of a building in Khlong San area. Later, the accused walked in to buy alcohol in the shop Then put in a wheelchair Push down to the ground floor of the building. And the accused has returned to buy products again Ready to tell the victim that To collect the wheelchair on the ground floor, while the victim is walking to bring a wheelchair to collect The accused followed. After that, pulled the victim Into the bathroom in that area Which the victim tried to escape but unsuccessful Until being dragged by the accused from the stairs Enter the bathroom And raped the victim before fleeing. Later, the police investigated Somdet Chaopraya Police Station Went to the scene of the incident Check images from CCTV Clearly encountered events Therefore gather evidence Before the inquiry official Requesting the power of the Thonburi Criminal Court to issue an arrest warrant Until the police found clues And can be arrested at the roadside of Lat Ya Subdistrict and Khlong San District Bangkok investigated Mr Thinra to confess that Working as a security officer Of a building Previously, he had known the victim. Because he had flirted but unsuccessful Until the day of the incident, drinking and eating alcohol until he was drunk. And went to buy liquor in the said shop Until found the victim Therefore causing sexual emotions Before thinking of the trolley And immediately caused the incident Despite having a family already, initially reporting charges "Rape others by threatening in any way. By using violence Which others are in a condition that cannot be resisted. "Before being sent to the inquiry official Somdet Chaopraya Police Station Proceed with legal proceedings
Teenagers fled to death.Ask the police to helpInstead being caught in a handcuffs, stomping his head|The teenagers fled the enemy to ask the police to help. Instead, it was caught in the handcuffs, stomping on the head. Most recently, the police at Sam Phran police officer was bounced and became a hot issue that society criticized heavily. After a clip revealed the image of the event on the night of 30 April 65, in front of Pruksa Ville 44, Borommaratchachonnani Road, Bang Toei Subdistrict, Sam Phran District, Nakhon Pathom Province. Will see the three teenagers driving the motorcycle, retrospect the arrow heading straight to ask for help from the police officers of Samphran police station. Previously, the teenager drove the motorcycle from Nakhon Pathom to come to see his girlfriend in Sampran District, but accidentally met a group of attacks and chased. Therefore drove away When he saw the police car, the police officer of the police station, Sampran then drove back to the arrow to ask for help and tried to explain to the police that they were pierced by the enemy. But the police didn't listen Ordered to raise his hand and sit down to take off the shirt Find a short pistol. After that, the police then stepped on the head and along the body to handle the handcuffs, forcing him to lie down on the floor, kicking and stepping on the head. Use a belt to hit After that, the police asked for support from the investigation department to take the car to investigate further at the Sam Phran police station and reported the charges of having firearms in possession and carried a firearm to the public way without permission. From a louder event, causing criticism from society about the performance of the two police officers of Sam Phran police station whether the police do more than the reason or not. Including handcuffed, stomping, kicking, using his feet Take off the belt Human abuse If arresting, arrest well. Because the youth group has not committed a violent crime that is a danger to society and does not resist in any way. On the contrary, come to ask for help from the police. But was said to escape from the latest crocodile tiger today (21 May). It was reported that after only one day, Col. Pongsak Chu Nak, Deputy Director of Nakhon Pathom Province, as a treatment Government service The police chief of Nakhon Pathom Province has ordered the police in the clip. 2 are "Deputy Deputy Police Station Sampran" and "Commander of the Moo (Por.), Sam Phran Police Station" to perform the government. At the operation center Police Station, Nakhon Pathom Province By lacking from the original position Along with establishing a committee to investigate the facts Effective from yesterday (20 May) until the order change
Nakhon Pathom Commander, apologize to the knot 2 sq.matling teenagersNever asked to delete the closed circuit clip|Nakhon Pathom Commander apologizes to the Society 2, the police, Sam Phran, stomping 3 teenagers, specifying the prosecution of both discipline-criminal, not except-the police confirmed that the police never asked to delete the clips of the closing circuit. Forcing Nakhon Pathom Provincial Police Announced the case of the police under the Sampran Police Station, Nakhon Pathom Province, 2 officers arrested a group of teenagers who drive back the motorcycle. Come to ask for help That was attacked by a group of enemy but when searching Instead, they found both police firearms, so they attacked their body by kicking and stomping until he was injured, stating that he was sorry for the incident. While also saying that the committee is currently being established In the said matter And ordered to move to both police officers to perform civil service at the Nakhon Pathom Provincial Police Operation Center By lacking duties The same position. Today, both police officers will be investigated. If found to be considered any offense There will be additional allegations as a criminal case. Must interrogate the victim in this case as well Because now the news from the media But has not yet been discussed directly from the victim's mouth Because children who are arrested and attacked as youth In order to get information on both parties to assemble the director of Nakhon Pathom Province Also said that At the point where the police arrested and attacked all 3 teenagers. There will be a motorcycle competition. Causing annoyance to road users And on the day of the incident There are teenagers driving motorcycle back arrows. Causing both police to understand that It may be a group of children who scheduled to drive motorcycles, as well as searching for firearms, but the firearms and strategies and methods of arrest are too much. Col. Songwut Charoenwichadet, director. Samphran police station said that he was directly in the supervisor of the two police officers. And must admit that taking care of the subordinates is not good Causing damage to the child and the image of the Royal Thai Police On the day of the incident, the police received a complaint that There are police acting beyond the reason. Arrested Therefore collecting evidence and inquiring from the said juristic person to confirm the staff Never asked to delete the closed circuit clip Because it is not something that will improve the police. Today, the investigation of both subordinates, regardless of the excuse, will listen, including the information on the injured side. Must compile as well
Hi So Po acknowledged the allegations of alprazolam without answering the knot to burn the watermelon.|Por Tanuphat has already acknowledged the allegations of the case of a substance to the mind. Do not answer the media whether to attend the watermelon burn event or not (22 May 65) at 09.45 hrs. Mr. Tanuphat Lertthaweewit or Hi So Po, along with a personal lawyer, traveled to meet the inquiry official. Muang Nonthaburi Police Station In order to acknowledge the allegations for the charge of the use of the psychotropic material According to the opinion of the Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor Along with giving a thorough expression on the boat again according to the order of the provincial prosecutor to take additional exams after spending time to acknowledge the allegations And further interrogation for 45 minutes. Mr Nuphat or Hi So Po immediately returned. By rejecting any interview With reporters about traveling to meet the inquiry official today Including the matter of traveling to participate in the cremation ceremony of the actor, actor, watermelon, Nida on May 24, reporters reported that Mr. Tanupat or Hi So Po Has accepted the inquiry official that he had actually taken the said drug because it was thought to be sleeping pills Therefore rejecting for the charge of addiction to the psychotropics with the inquiry official for Mr San-Wisa Patchamanomat, that interrogation The inquiry official uses more video methods for interrogation in the circumstances. Then will bring the idiom to the accused later Because the accused infected with the right -1r
Mother believes "Watermelon" was murdered, revealed that he didn't talk to each other 3 months ago. "Thermos" inviting cruise|"Mae Phanida" believes "Watermelon" was murdered and revealed "Watermelon-Facoon". The quarrel is very heavy. Do not talk for 3 months before inviting Nang Phanida cruise. Sirayut Yothin, the mother of the watermelon, revealed the news of the lawyer Decha. Kittiwittayanan Lawyer in the case of watermelon's death Confirm that the lawyer will definitely not release the lawyer. Emphasize that there is no idea to release at all Nothing is wrong. Because working a lot, almost being friends Still love each other as before. In the case of the lawyer of the premium or lawyer, Tum stated that he had called Confirmed that he had never called, never contacted and had no lawyer. Mother does not pay the call. I don't know why to create a story. In the case of a genius Rueang Rattanaphong The president of the criminal victim to confirm that he didn't know, never talked. Now talking about talking mother And understood that the mother was not a post on Facebook. Watermelon, Nang Phanida, also said that the picture was published, had already seen it because on the phone that the police returned. And also specify that there are 3 people who have the code and ID of the watermelon, which are the bottle, Anna, and the other is not confident, do not want to say The dissemination of the said image was either hacked or a friend posted when the reporter asked whether the watermelon was murdered or not, Mrs. Phanida stated that it was a murder because Report more charges By revealing that the bottle and watermelon quarreled before going to cruise as well Both of them have a heavy quarrel, not talking for up to 3 months. The quarrel is strong because the watermelon will change to the new manager to Anna because the bottle cannot be found. That the bottle should be angry, not meeting each other for 3 months, but one day the bottle calls for watermelon to get into the boat The watermelon went because he thought that it was good and friends would not hurt.
Killing a brutal man, 35 years oldThrow away the Mekong RiverThe mysterious call calls 1 million ransom.|The police rushed to find clues, 35 years old. Throwing away the Mekong River, a 52 -year -old boyfriend, revealed that there was a mysterious call calling for a ransom in millions of baht. There are villagers out of fishing boats. Reported that the body was found dead Next to the banks of the Mekong River in Ban Khok Kai, Village No. 6, Tha Kho Subdistrict, Tha Kho Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nakhon Phanom Province on the evening of May 22, when he arrived The body of a man aged about 25-35 years old. No documents were found to be said. In the condition of wearing a white short -sleeved T -shirt Black pants Boxer underwear The head is like being hit by solid. The inside of the mouth has a cloth filling. And use the lips to wrap the mouth around the head again, while both arms are tied with brown nylon rope In the back of the hand, both legs have nylon rope tied until the feet are close together. And from the ankle in the shin to the knee With a white scotch tape, tightly bound around the body The right arm has a tattoo, the letter states that Natthawut (reserved surname). The left foot is to write the word, the word, the condition of the body, most of the skin began to decay. It is expected that the deceased may be soaked in water for at least 5 days. Initially, it was expected to be murdered. Before binding the body, throwing the water In a ruthless condition The body flows along the Mekong River. After the autopsy, the officer sent the body to the autopsy at the National Forensic Service. Srinakarin Hospital, Khon Kaen Province, to find the true cause of death again. Today (23 May) reporters reported that There was a relative of the deceased, Mrs. Bunsa, aged 65 years, the adoptive mother of the Roi Et province, along with relatives traveling to meet Capt. Nakhon Phanom To bring documents to confirm the identity of the deceased Know the name later, Mr. King Phai (reserved surname), 35 years old, the villagers of Lao Khao, Hin Kong Subdistrict, Suwan District, Roi Et Province. After the deceased broke up with another wife Therefore came to live with Mrs. Wilai, 52 years old, Nong Bua Ngam villagers, Si Wilai District, Bueng Kan Province, until before the incident disappeared from the residence in Srivilai District, Bueng Kan Province, by telling the girlfriend to go to find a friend at the Spot P.S. Lao on May 17, which did not take a mobile phone later, with a mysterious man calling to contact the mobile phone. Told the deceased girlfriend to bring 1 million baht in cash to redeem from Laos Without telling the cause Believe that there may be betrayal about dark business knot And illegal drugs Because the deceased has a history of being arrested by drugs Punished in 2021 before silent disappearing Because the deceased girlfriend had no money to redeem the night. sluggishly Next to the bank in the area of Muang District, Nakhon Phanom Province. The police will coordinate the local police officers to find the wrongdoer to proceed with the legal proceedings. Initially aiming to conflict the business, the business is illegal. Drug involved Before being killed, throwing the Mekong River flowing from the upstream area of Bueng Kan Province
The drama "Max The Star" kneeling for forgiveness "Emmy Omlwan" after being prosecuted.|"Max The Star" kneeling for forgiveness "Emmy Omlwan" in front of Phra Khanong Shrine After being prosecuted today (23 May) at the Phra Khanong Criminal Court, Emmy Omolwan Sirikittirat or Emmy Maxim with a lawyer Traveled to the court as scheduled to take the defendant's testimony In the case that Emmy filed a lawsuit against Max Jirayut Kanthayot or Mag The Star for the offense. "Defamation by advertising". Today, Max The Star brought the flowers to kneel for forgiveness from Emmy Maxim and reveal the heart. "Max once said that Max doesn't want to be a person who has been like that anymore. "Before Mag The Star gave an interview to the media, stating that from the happened until today, we have encountered a lot. From the story of Nong Toy Toy Thanaphat, who used to have a plan that opposite each other to play the Y series together And the news that causes us to damage Affecting parents in the provinces At home, he felt And that day, everything has been around. "In the past, I never missed. Never angry like this today, I am not angry at all. But Emmy can be angry with me. But today I want to work And today comes with peace of mind Come with an apology And would like the children in the industry to see that we are children. Sometimes, the reason is not necessary. We are children. We quarrel with adults. We just apologize to him. "While Emmy Omolwan said Just a moment ago, I listened to what I said. Just want to ask one word If you don't see the subpoena, will the court come out to apologize? Why did you call those around Emmy and said that he didn't have a story with him? There is only one story with Emmy. Emmy has anything to him, isn't it because we do everything? Regardless of what work We tried to make him run out and suddenly one day I said Won an adult cancel the contract as well. So what's wrong with us? The judge also asked why he went down to the ground. If not knowing Did not intend to do Emmy sees that Are you ready to come? The reporter asks whether to accept apologies in cash or not. Emmy states that it is a lawyer's duty. To be the duty of the law Today, I'm sorry if everyone would think that I was mean.
Dr.-Former 74-year-old professor, the call center gang is tricked by 1.6 million.|74-year-old grandmother, Dokter-Former M. Dang Roro, reported to the call center gang to lose 1.6 million baht. Reporters reported that today (23 May) at 15.00 hrs at Loei Police Station. Loei Police Colonel Siripong Onlamul, Sor. (Investigation) Kor Kor. 1, Police Department, Police Investigation Division, Technology Criminal Investigation 3, Pai Lam Duan (fictional name), 74 years old, Doktor and former university teacher Famous Stay on the road-Chiang Khan, Kut Pong Subdistrict, Mueang Loei District, Loei Province. Kaew Suetthonnit, Director of Muang Loei Police Station to report the prosecution to the call center gang. That has been deceived until losing money 1,681,800 Bajai, Lamduan, said that after he retired as a famous university teacher in Loei province in 2007 until 11 April 65, there was Call himself as a man Claiming to be an officer from the NBTC that is involved in propaganda and deception Therefore denied that he had never known the man who claimed But will cooperate, with the other party saying that they have to report that Muang Phayao Police Station But I am not convenient Until a man claimed to be Lieutenant Colonel Saran (reserving the surname), calling to say what accounts have to tell To show innocence And transfer money to check within 20 minutes, will transfer the money back Therefore transferred to the account from 2 banks to a total of 6 times into the account of the criminal in the amount of 681,800 baht until May 12, 65. The man who claimed to be a police office What else? Said that there is a title deed The criminal to go to the leasing (Leasing), but the price is 100,000 baht, so do not just say that there are other assets, so they say that there is 1,000,000 baht for the savings lottery to withdraw and transfer into a bank account in the amount of 1,000,000 baht until 16.30 hrs. Unable to contact the criminal Immediately knew that he was tricked into losing 1,681,800 baht, so reported the prosecution to the call center gang. Police Lieutenant Colonel Siripong Onlamul, Sor. (Investigation) Kor Kor. 1, Police Department, Police Division, Investigation of Technological Crime 3, revealed that warning to everyone, especially the elderly. It's not that at home alone and will be safe. Thieves do not enter the house today may be robbed online. Like Grandma Lam Duan As long as Grandma has a mobile phone that can transfer money Not safe Keep the children watch If there is a strange phone number or not knowing To cut the cable immediately
DSI is over 100 million luxury resorts, corruption cases, savings cooperatives.|DSI Sonthi, Cooperative Promotion Department Nang Loeng Police Station Search seizure of luxury resort, Amphawa, worth over 100 million baht in the case of money laundering on corruption in the savings cooperative of the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives Company Limited with 5 carpets, totaling over 300 million baht. Reporters reported that today ( 24 May) Mr. Triyarit Temhiwong, Director -General of the Department of Special Investigation, together with Police Lieutenant Colonel Yuthana Prakam, Deputy Director -General of the Department of Special Investigation, Mr. Rawi Aksorn And the Special Investigation Authority of the Special Investigation with Mr. Prakob Phaongphong, Deputy Director -General of the Department of Cooperative Promotion, Police Colonel Somyot Udomsaksap, Superintendent of Nang Loeng Police Station Along with the police from Nang Loeng Police Station Brought the search warrant for the Criminal Court No. 363/2565 dated May 23, 2022, searched a resort, Village No. 6, Plai Phong Phang Subdistrict, Amphawa District, Samut Songkhram Province Which is a resort on the waterfront Elegant English style, with Mrs. Siriporn, former head of financial cooperatives Bring the money that is misappropriated to build this resort. Which has a minimum of 100 million baht in order to seek evidence and seize/seize property related to corruption in the savings cooperative of the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives Company Limited, which the officials will continue to seize the property. due to The Department of Special Investigation received a letter from the Department of Cooperative Promotion on April 8, 2022, found that corruption in savings cooperatives, Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives. And the investigation officer of Nang Loeng Police Station Received a criminal case for investigation In the event of corruption within the savings cooperative of the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives Cooperative Limited, which is a criminal offense of employers In which the inquiry official accepted the criminal case at 86/2012, which has asked DSI Proceed with the offender and follow the property with the victim. It was found that the cooperative corruption was more than 600 million baht. Which is an offense under Section 3 (18) of the Anti -Money Laundering Act 1999 and the amendment from the investigation of the Department of Special Investigation Found that there are 2 financial routes. There are 2 main routes which are 1. Mrs. Siriporn, former head of financial cooperatives Unfortunately the property is transformed into a residence, restaurant, restaurant, coffee shop in Pathum Thani Province. And this resort Which has an estimated value of over 100 million baht. If the actual purchase price is more expensive than this and 2. Mrs. Puangthip, former manager The corruption of the cooperatives were taken to buy land assets. To operate in many resorts such as Phetchabun, Sa Kaeo, luxury cars and many other assets It is also found that it has been invested in the purchase of securities or other investment units, so it is a circumstance that is considered a change in property conditions. To conceal the source Which is an offense of money laundering under Section 5, the Anti -Money Laundering Act 1999 and is considered a special case. Department of Special Investigation Therefore received a special case No. 237/2012 on April 27, 2022 to conduct an investigation And seized/stuffed assets obtained from the offense Which will have further investigation and expansion to prosecute the offender. Also searched the target area of 5 points, which are 2 residences in Pathum Thani Province, a restaurant and restaurant in Pathum Thani Province, a total of 1 hotel establishment in Phetchabun Province. Search for all 6 points, found 8 plots of land, with an area of approximately 61 rai, cargo vehicles 1 BIPPER model, Hyundai H-1 car, 1 car, 1 Porche car, many brand-name bags, many luxury watches Total property That has been seized Stow, the value of approximately 300 million baht. The Department of Special Investigation will be expanded in order to monitor the property. Mr. Trinit Rit confirms that the suffering is confident that the property will be returned because DSI has in collaboration with AMLO participated in search and accounting for property Which will proceed as soon as possible Previously, DSI has already checked the financial route. Regardless of who the money is transferred to the DSI AMLO followed to seize property And expanding the results to the 2nd floor, the 3rd floor, which DSI used to have a seizure of property Train Savings Cooperative And Chula savings cooperatives Which will progress to propose to the people to know further
Collecting Dr. Washi, the owner of the famous grilled pork brand, along with the father of Kam Bahrain.Both gave a denial.|Collected Dr. Wachi, the owner of the famous pork brand, along with the father of Kam Bahrain. Selling is not wages. Until the victim endured to notify the police, reporters reported that today (24 May) at 15.30 hrs. Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamchamnan, Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army, ordered Col. Suraphong Chatsu The Deputy Director of the Police Colonel, Col. Thanongsak Punchai, Director of the Royal Thai Police, Police 1 Mr Wiriya, 54, and Dr. Vachiraporn or Dr. Wachi, 37 years old, according to the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court 798/2565 and 799/2012, respectively, 25 April 2022, charged with "together with human trafficking. Which is a business procurement Bring it from or send to anywhere, which the person is fraudulent. In order to seek abuse from prostitution "at the area of Soi Taksin 4 Road, Bang Yi Ruea Subdistrict, Thonburi District, Bangkok. The two father and son have a circumstance to persuade the victims of good -looking women to work in prostitution at the Thai massage shop. Bahrain claims good income, high compensation, as well as a famous social, businessman. Is the owner of the hostel business and many microfinance companies, including the famous business owner The country's largest pork distributor With enormous income And also received the 3rd "Thep Lady" award (model woman) for the year 2019, so there are people who believe in work, but when the victim has arrived in Bahrain Instead did not receive the agreed wage Claiming as a work, paying debt Therefore escaped to ask for help until finally able to return to Thailand Before bringing the matter to report to the Kor Kor 1, the Royal Thai Army, until the arrest warrant was issued And led to the arrest of the two suspects from the investigation Both suspects denied And do not ask any details But the authorities still do not believe Therefore informed the allegations according to the arrest warrant before delivering The investigation officer of Kor Kor. 1, the Royal Thai Police.
The police arrested "Tae Boy Skate". The lottery knot informed 3 charges of refusing.|The police reported 3 charges. "Tae Boy Skate", the lottery, the famous singer of the 90s, denied all the charges in the investigation. In the process of the lawyer submitting a bail, the progress of the police at Thong Lo police station, always arresting Mr. Winrawee Yai, or Tae Boy, the famous singer artist in the 90s after the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant. In the case of the divine lottery At Mr Phan Thawat Nawisut or Not, the website executive, lottery division Reported earlier. Most recently, the police station in Thonglor has reported the charges. People fraud, the Gambling Act and the Computer Act At this time, the inquiry official In the latest interrogation After the investigation officer of Thonglor police station conducted an interrogation For many hours, Tae Boy Skate or Mr. Winrawee asked to reject all the allegations in the inquiry official. Before submitting 75,000 baht securities, bail before the inquiry official approved the bail After this, the inquiry official will call to interrogate again. Referred to as the evidence to be given to the police, while the reporter reported that After the young artist has completed the bail. Referred to as the journalist by walking out of the Thonglor police station immediately without interviewing the media that was waiting to make news.
The puzzle gunman shot the car repair shop "S Romklao", the famous YouTube number.Fortunately, not being hit by anyone.|Today, 23 May 65, the reporter reported "S Romklao", a famous YouTube number. Have lived live about their motorcycle repair shops Being attacked by a tin person to shoot at the shop Fortunately, no one was injured or died. Damaged only the car parked in the latest shop. Reporters, reporters traveled to meet Mr Thada Bunphan or Sor Romklao, the famous number, telling the incident that at 3 am at the motorcycle named Mr. Aran. Jujube petals called him that The shop was shot by a group of teenagers. But no one in the shop was injured in E Romklao, being dangerous to his subordinates. So hurry to see Before having the beer technician report that Bang Lamung S. Romklao police station took a look at the point where the criminals shot into the shop. By that position Found more than 13 shells, falling at the scene Before collecting all the shells, sent to the police Bang Lamung Police Station. In addition, the gray Honda City sedan was shot in the rear bumper, Romklao Won, allowing the officers to help follow up on this criminal to punish the law. In order not to return to the cause again Dreaded the children at the shop to be dangerous or injured. The police told the set to investigate the area again. To chase CCTV And find the path that the criminal uses to escape
Former brutal soldierResentful his ex -girlfriend sent a new partner's picture to mock.Invaded both of them to shoot dead|Police Colonel Bowonphop Soonthornlee, director of Phayathai Police Station, controlled Mr. Morakot Praparot, 24 years old Under the Air Force The accused according to the arrest warrant for killing others. Came to investigate at Phayathai Police Station after following him from Sam Khok area Pathum Thani Province In which the accused used a 11 mm firearm to attack Miss Fah, ex -girlfriend and Mr. Kornkrit Muen Prab, the current girlfriend of Miss Fah Died a house in Sa Kaeo community, Rama 6 Road, Ratchathewi District, this morning, Mr. Morakot Accept that Causing a firearm to shoot at both the dead because of being a new lover provoking by sending a pair of pictures with Miss Fah Come and call to find He then decided to go to both at home when he knocked on the door of Mr. Korn. Opened the door To enter the house At that moment, we pulled the firearm out of the shot at both of them. Without talking at the scene of the incident Ms. Krueawan Khamlam, 46, the deceased mother, said that after hearing the news that the offender was detained by the police. As a mother and more than 20 families, they traveled to Phayathai police station to see the face of the killing of their children. Mr. Morakot Walked to the front of the house and asked him "Art (the deceased) where" he said, "lying on the house up to find the", which he thought would be a friend of the child. Therefore said that, then he went to wash the dishes Until the said incident occurred So he hurried to see that The culprit has fled. The son and his girlfriend died, the dead mother leaned. There will be no way to forgive. Or forgive the culprit who killed his child As well as wanting the police to prosecute the incident to the maximum of death
"Big Joker" announced the lottery knot, not afraid of "Anna".|Police Lieutenant Colonel Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander of the National Police, stated that the case of the police issued an arrest warrant for 3 people. Yesterday, there were 2 detained, Mr. Win Rawi or Taboy Skate, Miss Mintra or Nan, and the other is Anna TV Pool, who knows Located in foreign countries And confirm the investigation. There is evidence confirming the offense that is considered According to the charge of the accused, the accused, the National Police Commissioner, stated that the lottery in which the accused posted a scan of 12 tickets, 12 numbers, which have been held as all items. In which the investigation found that in these 12 numbers There are about 50 victims in the process of interrogating the company. Lucky company. And Mintra, who is an executive committee, has the power to sign. Publicize the lottery for arrest warrants to detain Mr Winrawee Happened yesterday By the investigation officer of Thonglor police station, which after detaining Mr Winrawee applied for a temporary bail. By placing 75,000 baht securities. As for the charges that have been reported, there are 3 charges: jointly fraudulent people, smuggling, gambling, gambling. Take the property without permission and the offense under the Computer Act in the case of jointly corruption or fraudulent imported into a false computer system. For the follow -up of Anna Initially, now knowing that it is still on a foreign country. And still not scheduled to return As well as not reserving the return plane ticket Which initially had not yet found that there was a mistake But has coordinated to the immigration office In order to coordinate if there is a return to the country to be arrested to wait for the police to show the arrest warrant to the accused. From now on, if found that the accused of the accused has the characteristics that are considered to be escaped. Such as being outside the country beyond the time that the country allowed There will be a coordinated letter to Interpol to prepare red To be used to follow up and arrest in foreign countries, while in Mexico, the tree was not found that the treaty sent an extradition But personally I don't think The accused has not bought a ticket to return to the country. It is unlikely to escape. Have to wait and see the circumstances again in terms of People who are interested in buying a government lottery online Please wait for the patch of the lottery. That will be released on June 2 Which I personally believe that will cause the problem of government lottery prices over the price The original sales still exists, which the police will control the sale. More than a price than the law is determined and for anyone who wants to sell the government lottery in the form of online platforms I would like to leave the guidelines as follows: Those who want to sell must have a government lottery. And scan the image into the platform by yourself Not just bringing pictures of scans from other people And the image of the government lottery must not conceal the barcode Or blame the original of that lottery So that all people can check that The said government lottery is correct.
Making a minute plan, the SAO killed the young man to compete for a wifeReferred to as a smooth expression. "Don't apologize." The dead|The police brought the sub -district administrative organization to shoot the young man's transportation, making a confession plan. Referred to not apologizing to the deceased. Used to lose Thinking of giving up, but the man refused to report the reporter that today (25 May), Col. Somyot, Chaiyaphum, Director of Phutthaisong Police Station, Phutthaisong District, Buriram Province, together with the police officers of Phutthaisong Police Station. Bringing Mr. Ruad or SAO, aged 48 years, a member of the Subdistrict Administration Organization to make a confession plan after using the .38 firearms to shoot Mr. Wuttaphat or Jack, 36 years old. 4 rounds died on Phutthisong-Nong Song Hong Road The incident occurred at 8:00 pm, 24 May. In front of the office The SAO, starting from the incident, the Subdistrict Administrative Organization sat in front of the house and saw the transportation vehicle driving in front of the house many times. And is expected to be a man who tried to contact his wife on Facebook regularly But at that time, the wife visited the mother in Na Pho District, felt unusual. Then drove the pickup truck along the transportation vehicle, then saw a transportation car to drive in front of his wife's car After that, Mr Jack tried to pull his wife out of the car. He then got off the car to tell Mr Jack that "This is my wife." But Mr Jack refused. Said that he would be taken to Ubon Ratchathani before having a dispute In which Mr Jack tries to challenge "not afraid of death" to do anything And specify today to take his wife as well Because he intended He saw a bad posture. Therefore grabbed the gun out of the car, hoping to intimidate But instead was hit by Mr. Jack Trying to attack Therefore shot out without counting how many shots After that, drove the car to surrender to the police. Phutthaisong Police Station when reporters asked how they felt and would like to apologize to the deceased relatives or not. Specify "Do not apologize", Mr. Sitthit Thasong, 57 years old, Kamnan, Ban Waeng Subdistrict, Phutthaisong District, said that from Inquire about Mrs. Sukanya, wife of the Subdistrict Administrative Organization and is also an inspector of the village headman. The two were known to Mr Jack on Facebook in February. Later, in April, Jack came to see the woman at Teacher Putthisong, the inspector of the village headman, has a deep relationship. But trying to distance himself Because the husband began to clue and irritated But the man refused And will drive to pick up together at Ubon Ratchathani Province The woman tried to reject In the end, Mr Jack came and had an incident initially. The police asked the relatives to request bail in court.
"Anna" leaned not to escape to Thailand to acknowledge the charges.Won the media, use beautiful pictures instead of the UDD card.|Mr. Warinthornwat Sang or Anna TV Pool posted on his Facebook page, confirmed that he would come back to acknowledge the charges of the arrest warrant of the CEO. No real leaves to sell on the platform Fortunately, online lotteries And clarify that Anna is a presenter with a name in the company lucky lottery. When Anna had happened abroad Inquire to the company, so I know that someone dragged it to sell by sending the scan before When the company asked for the actual drag, there was no When the company knew, he quickly managed to refund the customer on May 8, and thank you, Nero, the lottery, who reported us that This is not a normal event. And NOT is really worthy of being the president of the Lottery Association. In addition, Anna also thanked the VRICH system that it was lucky for using this system to sell. Therefore, money laundering issues Welcome to the staff to inspect every baht and every satang. Because it is a white silver obtained from strong water, live, selling, selling things in the lucky lottery. Anna received 100,000 baht per draw. Can display documents. By Anna accounts or people close to all accounts Can display documents for inspection And do not be afraid of the law because the law is to protect everyone. Finally, ask for the beautiful masses of Anna in Facebook to replace the image on the ID card. Because the image that was put down, why did you go down and look beautiful? Because our women are beautiful Ready to stick to the hashtag #Teken the truth because only the truth will protect us to sell the country.
Minutes of life, the prime minister of the SAO sitting in a good house, was sniped by a wife, watching TV, turned to see a shock (clip)|Secretary of the SAO sitting in a good house was snatched by the people in the house. Turned again I do not know the ammunition from which direction at approximately 21.00 hrs. On May 26, 2022, the reporter traveled to the house number 73, Village No. 7, Nong Nok Khai Subdistrict, Krathum Baen District, Samut Sakhon Province after being informed that Last night at approximately 21.00 hrs. There was a criminal using an unknown firearm. Mr. Narong Rit Ketkaew, 58, the owner of the house, by 1 ammunition into the head. Seriously injured and was brought to undergo surgery at the hospital. Currently, it is still necessary to keep in the ICU. The injured niece said that last night, he and his grandmother sitting in front of the house. After returning to the funeral, he went to take a shower and then sat and read the documents on the plastic chair in front of the house. As for myself and Grandma, sitting and reading and watching TV is not too far away. After a while he heard the sound of a gun up 1 shot before the eyes bent down. Therefore knowing that he was shot in the head Then immediately informed the police and rescue personnel Which he and Grandma do not know who the crime is And do not know the direction of the ammunition of which direction Because at that time was very dark Only heard the sound of the gun, but it was expected that the criminal would be ambushed at the orchid garden in front of the house Which is almost 50 meters away from the point of sitting in the eye, while Miss B also said that for the eyes, there is a career in vegetable and vegetable trading And still have a position as the prime minister Nong Nok Khai Subdistrict Administrative Organization (new person) as well, with the position for almost 1 year, which normally the eyes are fun to talk in a good mood, never talking about problems for children, grandchildren, most of them will Consult the problem with only one grandmother. Therefore, everyone does not know what the eyes have any problems with. Until causing the criminal to be sniper like this, but the relatives believed that it would be an issue from local politics However, the police would have to help follow the criminal as soon as possible. In order to know the true cause Also, now not only the eyes are harmed. But the incident caused the family and relatives Feeling afraid of insecurity in life as well Police Colonel Seri Thakan, Chan Duang, Director of Krathum Baen Police Station Revealed to reporters that After the incident, a team of police officers investigated and investigated Krathum Baen police station. And the provincial Samut Sakhon Province Into the area to collect all the details of the information as possible. Including the evidence of the police to prove the evidence Which the supervisor ordered to speed up the case quickly But must work under prudence, and most importantly, the collection of all the evidence as much as possible Both witnesses And other environmental witnesses Including CCTV images in the area of the incident and the escape route of the criminal Which has to ask for the time to the police Work here first so as not to affect the case. And lead to the most clear issue of this shooting By now, it can be assumed that The reason is probably from personal conflicts. But that matter is still not able to specify
Shock, stepfather shot his daughter, dead.Despite just getting married for 7 days, shooting himself again|The stepfather fired a river that was pregnant for 6 months, dead. Despite just getting married for 7 days, shooting himself again Son-family Yan does not know the motivation (26 May 65). At 10.00 hrs., Police Lieutenant Colonel Wisit Sukwiset, Deputy Inspector (Investigation), Hin Lek Fai Police Station, Khu Mueang District, Buriram Province. at home Village No. 5, Tum Yai Subdistrict, Khu Mueang District, then rushed to inspect the scene in the bedroom, the ground floor of the house, found the body of Miss A (assumed name), 32 years old, shot in the head, died in the side of the side near each other. Found the body of Mr. Petch, 55, was shot by a bullet on the head of the head as well. On the mattress, the .38 size guns fell, the police kept it as evidence of the incident. Came out to provide information, including the villagers who do not dare to come out to provide information about the lives of this family. Is a residents of Phrae Province come to live with his wife with 2 twins In this village, there is a wholesale career as a watermelon, not very lingering with the villagers. This family will be quietly after knowing the news, went to see the scene, but no one in the family came out to talk about the story that happened as it was. Just tied a wrist with her husband about 7 days ago because he was pregnant for 6 months. The husband after tied his wrist to work in Buriram city Admits that he does not know the true reason that his stepfather fired his own stepson and shot himself to death. Returning from sending watermelon when returning home to see Ms. A The deceased sat in the bedroom in the house because the husband didn't return home, so he went to console, but instead arguing, which Mr Phet was not satisfied with his daughter who was pregnant before marrying and grabbed the gun to shoot his daughter and shot himself to death.
Nonthaburi ProsecutorRevealed the watermelon caseWaiting for the supervisor to knock or not.|Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor, Miss Paporn Nipavanich, said about the watermelon case on Friday (27 May) that the Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor's Office ordered the case, but 2 days ago, all cases sent to the supervisor that How will it be? All follow government regulations As for the accused, all 6 people must travel to all prosecutors to acknowledge whether or not to file a lawsuit or not. Continue to say This case takes some time. Because the expressions sent to the police have sent 8 documents to the prosecutor and the Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor has an additional examination of 10 times. There are more than 100 documents. Have to wait for the clarity from the supervisor Expected to know the results in the afternoon If the prosecutor has an opinion to sue Or postpone consideration Will be reported to the accused. Mr. Krishna Sri Bunpimngseng, lawyer of the Thai Sriwilai Party Former lawyer lawyer case Traveled to the Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor's Office Ready to give an interview that Today I traveled to the court. When finished, then came here to observe only, not pressured anyone. And would like to point out that in the case of Nong Watermelon He will not get involved anymore, whether it is a consultation or But will be the duty of you genius with the lawyer team to continue Which he would like to confirm that there is no personal problem with you genius in any way After this, he will only be responsible for the party's head team.
From the mouth of the mother, revealing the stepfather, the stepfather shot his daughter, pregnant for 6 months.Lean is not an affair.|The mother revealed that the stepfather shot her daughter for 6 months. Lean is not an affair. The son -in -law leaned the child in the stomach as his own child. But my father was angry. Why didn't I come down to the reporter? Due to the tragedy of Mr. Dam (assumed name), 55 years old, causing the .38 firearms to shoot the head, Ms. B (assumed name), 33 years old, the stepson died in a bed in a house in Tum Yai Subdistrict Khu Mueang District, Buriram Province, before using the same gun to shoot their heads, died near each other The incident occurred at 11.45 hrs. On May 26, 65. Today (27 May 65), the reporter traveled to the home of the incident, which the family and villagers came to help prepare the place. Funeral In the midst of sadness Especially Nang Noi (assumed name), 48 years old, who lost both her husband and daughter at the same time Still not able to accept the incident from the inquiry of Nang Noi (assumed name), the wife of Mr Dam Who shot the stepson and shot himself, said that he had been eating with Mr Dam for 25 years since Miss B, a child next to her ex -husband, 8 years old, with Mr Dam There are 2 twin daughters. Currently, 22 years old, but Mr Dam loves and raised Ms. B. The child is like a child in the filling. When buying anything, buy it as well. All 3 people have never been biased. Until May 17, 65, the relatives of Mr Wutwut, 33 years old, who were friends since high school together with her daughter, came to ask for Miss B because he secretly lost until her daughter was pregnant. Get more than 6 months, but the family just knew Causing him and the husband to feel sorry that his daughter was pregnant before dressing up But since it happened, they allow both to tie the wrist according to tradition. In which the man brought the dowry to ask for 100,000 baht, with a 1 baht gold necklace, only a relative of both sides that were aware But did not organize any wedding after tie the wrist according to tradition, and Mr Wut, the son -in -law, came to live with his daughter at his own home Until the day of the incident and the husband went out to set up a pillar Will make a watermelon shop in the village The son -in -law came to help for a while and then disappeared. After that, the father drove out to buy the roof in the city. But didn't see the son -in -law helping When he entered the house, he saw Ms. B. Therefore may cause anger at the pregnant child before dressing up But after dressing up, the son -in -law did not take the job again Therefore decided to shoot the stepson who was pregnant because he didn't want the child to be embarrassed by others Before shooting himself to escape to escape the offense. The news that the stepfather shot the stepson because of that jealousy Confirm that it is not true because the husband loves her daughter like a real child. Raising since young If you want something, buy it. In which he lost both the husband and daughter together I'm already very sad. I want to be sympathetic. Won, do not aggravate the dead in the way of damage to Mr Choti. (Reserved surname) 66 years old, Mr Dam's brother said that the younger brother is a background, Phrae province, has been living with her less than 20 years and confirms that the younger brother is a good person who likes to help others. Diligent to make a living Never had an affair behavior Was shocked and didn't want to believe that the younger brother would cause the tragic incident In which he and his family admit that surprised and no one knew the reason why the younger brother had caused this kind Because normally you are quiet There was a problem, never told anyone. After that, the reporter traveled to ask Mr. Wutti, 33, who was the husband of Miss B and the son -in -law of Mr. Dam, who died. Said that he had been associated with Ms. B since studying in grade 4 as a teenager but never had anything Until he was in the military And discharged Then come back together again And there is something to the woman until the real pregnancy confirms that the child in the stomach is his own Currently, the gestational age has been 6 months. Therefore decided to take the relatives to ask the woman because he wanted to be responsible for the pregnant woman After the ritual, the wrist of his wrist was at home for about 1 week, admitted that both the mother and stepfather of the wife didn't like himself. Maybe because of the home status, combined with himself, working, inert, not active as well On the day of the incident, he went to help the father -in -law perform the ceremony to open the major pillars to sell the watermelon from the morning. Until late, driving a motorcycle into the city, while the wife was at home. When he drove into the city, someone called to say that his wife died and hurried back home. When he saw it, he was almost shocked to do anything but cried. Also said that Feeling confused as to why the father -in -law shot his wife If not satisfied that he made his daughter pregnant Or not working inert Should come later or cause the incident Why do you have to shoot his wife, even though in a few months, the children in the stomach open their eyes to see the world? Admit that the doubt but do not know what to do because the father -in -law has died Sorry to lose his wife And the ball in the stomach together
Collected 3 teenagers, chasing the student of the Min Buri Technical College after misunderstanding that it was a root.|May 28, 2022 Group of parents led Mr. A (assumed name), aged 17, Mr Thawatchai, 19 years old and Mr. B (assumed name), 17 years old, surrendered to Col. Siwat Srivichai, Ph.D. Lam Phak Chi, Pol.Col. And Police Lieutenant Chatchat Phollang, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Lam Phak Chi Police Station to acknowledge the charges together to try to kill Jointly possess firearms without permission due to the notification from Mrs. Somngsan that at approximately 11:00 am on May 22, Mr Natthaphon, 17 years old, a son of a technical college student in Min Buri area. Riding a motorcycle to a friend's house over the Soi 7 on the way to Lam Pong Temple, Sangkapracha Road, Lam Phak Chi Subdistrict, Nong Chok District, Bangkok. There are 3 criminals riding a motorcycle. Honda PC is unknown. Registration of the firearm shooting, Mr Natthaphon into the back area, injured, was sent to Vetkarunrat Hospital (Nong Chok). Pressure until the parents brought the accused group to surrender One of the causes of the crime Previously, he had been attacked. When he saw Mr Natthaphon, he thought that he was a roof, he was causing the incident. Investigation officers at Lam Phak Chi Police Station detained and coordinated the multidisciplinary team. Join the investigation of the accused as a youth to prosecute according to the law.
Stampede a rampage young manRan away from the officers to schoolChase the child as hostage|Stampede a rampage young man Ran away from the officers to school Chase the child as hostage Fortunately, no one was harmed at 15.00 hrs. (27 May 65) until the administrative officer led by Mr. Thanapat Banbupha Kamnan, Na Chom Thian Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, was notified of the incident. There was a man who was like a drunken drug. In the area of the road in the village of Nong Jang Tao, Village No. 6, Amnian Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, therefore reported that at Major Chartchai Sri Pho -on, Sattahip District Sheriff, before bringing Mr. Prawit Yu, the headman of the village headman, assistant village headman. Khao Chi Chan Municipality and the police officers of Na Chom Thian Police Station To stop the incident and detain Mr. Cherdchai, 46 years old, who has a madness When he saw the officers, Mr. Cherdchai ran into the school. Hoping to catch students as hostages The students were shocked to run away. Before the officers could invade and arrest him Ask Mr. Cherdchai, who caused the incident to speak without knowing about it. Therefore brought the substance examination in the urine found purple By accepting the confession that the methamphetamine was given to the police officers of Na Chom Thian police station Brought to the inquiry official Continue to prosecute Base The drug use of the type 1 (amphetamine), Kamnanaphat Banbupha, said that after being informed that someone was drunk in the area. Afraid that the disaster would cause Therefore brought the power to inspect But the culprit ran away into the Ban Nong School Hoping to catch students as hostages Before being able to detain From the inquiry, confessing that amphetamine use Therefore brought the detection to find the stuck in the urine found in purple Therefore brought to the police officer of Na Chom Thian police station Proceed with the law Which is fortunate that the culprit was not able to cause or hurt the students In this time
Girl notify the stepfatherUsing a knife to cut the neck of the mother, sew 17 needles, think of death, remove the leaves.|The daughter informed the 55 -year -old stepfather, causing a weapon to cut the mother's neck. Think of death, bring a lot of leaves Before fleeing, the reporter reported that (30 May) at Nam Phong Police Station, Khon Kaen Province, Miss Jittiya, 35 years old, traveled to report to the investigation officers of Nam Phong police station to follow to arrest Mr Wanna, 55 years old. Village No. 4, Nam Phong Subdistrict, Nam Phong District, Khon Kaen Province, who is a stepfather and the person who caused the mother to cut her neck Currently maintain Nam Phong Hospital after reporting Miss Jittiya Brought the reporter to the area to see the scene According to the words of the mother At the area of the neighbor Which is on the north side of Sikhhan Temple Big rock house And approximately 300 meters away from the residential house, which at the entrance to the field It is a grass up, scratched like a person sleeping until the grass flat. And with a pile of leaves There is 1 black mask that is believed to be the cause of the crime because the house only uses a black mask. Ms Jittiya revealed that her mother has been eating with Mr. Wanna, a stepfather for many years, quarreling almost every day. The mother had been attacked by a stepfather until the jaw was broken. Was separated and then came back together again, about 1 week ago After the mother and stepfather separately The stepfather came back again. Mother gave the same opportunity. My stepfather and mother tend to buy alcohol to drink together and quarrel every day until it is normal. Mother went to hire grassy The stepfather went to help. The mother divided the wage for 200 baht, the stepfather then bought a liquor to drink. And drank from the evening until three o'clock There are arguments all the time. With annoyance, he walked out of the house to sit at the relative's house. Soon the sound disappeared. I think that my mother and stepfather went to bed for hours. There was a call of the mother shouting, "Helping the mother with the mother was slashed by the stepfather." So rushed to see. It appears that the mother is sleeping on the folk. Therefore asked for help from the rescuers of Nam Phong Hospital to pick up the mother to treat Now the doctor sewed on the neck of the mother, 17 needles and the mother is safe. But still have to stay for many days, Ms Jitttiya said that he asked her mother about the story that happened. Who talked about wood Therefore walked out to the neighbor's rice fields The stepfather followed in time. Then hit the mother until it fell to the grass Then the stepfather then uses his feet to step on the head and then use a knife to cut the neck The mother felt cold in the throat and was unconscious until he was aware of the rain. With the leaves covering the body The mother quickly got up. Walked back to ask for help with the children at home In the blood, the bath flows down from the neck down. Which the mother confirmed that The person who attacked and wiping the mother's neck was Mr. Wanna, stepfather and after the incident, stepfather walked back home. Demolished and took the mother's money until all the mother gave him as a daughter Reported to the police to arrest the stepfather to prosecute the law, both in terms of attacking and cutting off the mother's neck. Including the burglary in the house Police Colonel Pornsak Ngamdee, Director of Nam Phong Police Station, said that in the middle of the night The patrol officer received the incident, then went to see the scene and advised the relatives to report. After the relatives reported to the inquiry official Will coordinate with the investigation set In the investigation and arresting Mr Wanna Stepfather came to investigate and prosecute according to the law. Initially, knowing that he would drive a motorcycle to relatives in different districts. And if the relatives found Mr Wanna, he asked to take him to surrender to the police 24 hours a day.
Stressed, stepfather tried to kill the amiaTie the neck in the cell of Nam Phong Police Station|The 55 -year -old stepfather watched his wife's severe hurt, had to sew 17 needles. The latest throat died in the middle of the night. Reporters reported that today (31 May) after the police investigation. Nam Phong Police Station Khon Kaen province has followed the arrest of Mr. Wanna, 55 years old, the accused who caused the incident to use weapons to cut her neck. Mrs. Tum is 57 years old until injured. In which the police arrested yesterday In which the police arrested Mr Wanna Can be obtained on Ban Hin Kong Road, Ban Duang, Nam Phong Subdistrict, Nam Phong District, Khon Kaen Province, Col. Pornsak Ngamdee, Director of Nam Phong Police Station, revealed that last night at approximately 22.00 hrs. Only one cell With ten vessels on duty as usual, until the rain fell heavily for more than 1 hour. When the rain stopped at ten When walking in to see that Died with a rope in the neck and the cage. When checking the CCTV, it was found that at about 21.00 hrs. Items to wear boxer pants Then brought to suicide From the incident, set up a committee It came up to investigate the facts. Initially, the police officers who were on duty 3 have performed their duties as usual. As for the events and details that occurred in the control room, Nam Phong police station had a CCTV in two control rooms. Which is in the process of checking the details from the CCTV Since bringing into the control room Until the neck was dead, but initially knew that The accused wearing 2 pants is to wear gray shorts. And wear over with long -sleeved jeans In which the accused took off the shorts and put only one long jeans Then tied the shorts to the cash Took the rope to death, said that, Mr Natthaphong, 30 years old, the nephew of Mrs. Tum, who was slashed in the neck, said that the family of Nang Tum Know the matter from the police to call In the past night, Mr Wanna tied his neck in the cell. But the police didn't tell you what the details When he knew the matter, he told Mrs. Tum, which Mrs. Tum didn't say anything. Just say Unfortunately, the money that the dead were stolen. And when Mr Wanna died The family of relatives asked for forgiveness. Considered to end the fate of each other From this, he will receive the dead body to perform merit at Sikhhan Temple. Ban Nong Kong Yai
The villagers can't bear it!StepfatherHurt 2 stepson in the mother to help the child being rehearsed as well|Due to the evening of May 30, 65. Good citizens informed the Pawina Foundation. Hongsakul for children and women, the boy A (a hypothetical), 3 years old, was attacked by a stepfather, hit heavily, kicking the face and along the body, until there was a bruised green trace. The stepfather then had a violent argument and the stepfather attacked the mother of the child until the middle of the road in the alley, with a CCTV recording a picture of a good citizen. The mother has 2 children addicted to the boy A and the girl, the 8 -year -old sister. For the previous B girl was attacked. The stepfather used to buy rice, but the bag leaks, causing the rice to six along the way. The stepfather was angry, using a hose to hit the child every time, the mother of the child tried to help the child but was also attacked. Requesting the Pawina Foundation Helping the mother and children of the two siblings before being more dangerous after accepting the story of Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, the president of the Pawina Foundation, coordinated Colonel Athit Simcharoen, Director of Samrong Nuea Police Station. And Miss Panisara Lotakorn Thanawat, Head of the Children's House, Samut Prakan, went to the area to help the mother and 3 children in that evening immediately. In which the police detained the stepfather to investigate Samrong Nuea Police Station And made a certificate of the boy and mother for a physical examination by the staff of Samut Prakan children. Receive 3 mother and son in the coverage and take to the latest physical examination today (31 May 65). Samrong Nuea Investigate Nang Ae, and the two brothers and sisters will have a professional exam again. Initially, the police examined the stepfather, found that he had substance abuse and stepfather confessed that the amphetamine was taken. Officials therefore reported charges of drug abuse. And the Family Violence Act Prepare to detain the court on Wednesday 1 June.
The worst stepfather raped 14 children until pregnant if he would not stomp the mother.Children have to give up because of fear of hurting the mother.|My heart Practice mother to see Then forced to resist the 14 -year -old stepson for over 1 year, not daring to tell anyone Until 5 months pregnant, walk across the field to tell her aunt. "Can't do it anymore." The child revealed that he would not dare to tell anyone because the stepfather threatened. Children want to study But Mae Kee drunk on May 31, 65. There was a pity of a 14 -year -old. Due to being raped by a stepfather for over 1 year until pregnant for 5 months, inspecting the family, one of Krasang District, Buriram Province, met Miss A (a hypothetical name), aged 14 years, saying that the family is with the mother And the stepfather was Mr. Chaiya, the petals of Champa, 46 years old. The background was Phichit about 1 year ago. At that time, he was 13 years old. That day And relying on the moment that the mother went out to buy things in the morning The stepfather dragged him into the bedroom. Then forced to rape without fighting Because the stepfather threatened to not tell anyone If told to kill mom Therefore did not dare to let the mother know after that My father has attacked my mother to see myself all the time. Meaning the opportunity when the mother left the house Then forced to rape Along with threatening "If you tell anyone to hurt the mother again" so do not dare to tell anyone Let the time pass until knowing that menstruation does not come. And the stomach began to grow up Until not daring to go to school Afraid of seeing friends But the father has not stopped the action Lately, buying alcohol for mother to drink regularly. To let the mother come to sleep The father will come to rape. Until I felt that I couldn't bear it Decided to shorten the fields In order to ask for help from his aunt And want Aunt to help pregnant Because still wanting to study I don't want to stop school and have a child. That day saw the grandchildren coming home. Therefore asked how The grandchildren answered that he had cut the fields. He was very shocked because of the distance of over 10 km, so asked what happened. The grandchildren told everything. Therefore consulted the village headman and reported to the stepfather. Later, the police at Lamduan Police Station, Krasang District, arrested Mr Chaiya on May 28, which Mr. Chaiya confessed throughout the allegations. Initially, the police charged raped children under 15 years.
16 -year prison, foreigners, English girls, killed Thai girls, stuffed a bag, leaving Mae KlongThank you to the Metal Court.|16 -year prison, foreigners, English girls, killed Thai girls, stuffed a bag, leaving Mae Klong Thank you to the Metal Court. The event occurred since 2014 The Case Murder In the case of Mr Luger Kenneth, the British cause murder, Miss Lakshmi, 31 years old, an entertainment staff. Then put the body stuffed into a red luggage Throwed into the Mae Klong River, Tha Muang District, Kanchanaburi Province in November. 2014, after the incident, Mr Luger, who had fled the country for many years Before being arrested in Spain And was sent back to prosecute in Thailand in the year 2021, the latest (31 May 65) at 13.30 hrs., Kanchanaburi Provincial Court read the verdict in the case In which Mr Lunger Kenneth, the accused, did not travel to listen to the judgment by himself But use the method of listening to the verdict via the Video Conference system from Kanchanaburi Prison With a representative of the British Embassy Along with the lawyer of the plaintiff, the mother and daughter of Ms. Lakshmi, traveled to listen to the verdict. The judge spent 20 minutes to read the verdict, stating that the murder Many witnesses saw the final person who committed the crime. In addition, the results of the DNA inspection from the nails of the deceased also found the skin of the culprit attached to the nail. Combined with the confession that Is the killing and the body of the deceased stuffed in a red luggage Then threw it away in the Mae Klong River The court therefore sentenced to imprisonment for Mr. Luger Kenneth for 16 years, ready for the accused to pay the compensation for the mother of Miss Lakmi to be 10.5 million baht with interest 5 percent per year from 2014 until Will pay completely And the accused of 2 million baht to the daughter of the deceased With interest of 5 percent per year since 2014 until the payment is complete But since the accused confessed, the sentence of the sentence reduces the imprisonment from 16 years to 8 years after listening to the judgment of the court. Mr. Luger Shane Kenneth, the accused, thanked the court for mercy. Reduce imprisonment for oneself Ready to bow to the offense according to the verdict
"Bun"Found more prison for 3 years, fined 50,000 from the case of a cage plan|Yesterday (31 May), the Criminal Court, corruption case Read the verdict in the case of the Black Number at ATO 138/2564 in which the prosecutor is the plaintiff, filed a lawsuit against Pol.Col. Sae Tong, a ten billion construction businessman, which, Pol. Maj. Gen. Banyin was sued as a defendant for an offense. Is a user for others to commit an offense in any way to others who are imprisoned according to the power of the court to be free from prison By using violence or threatening to use violence Or with or using a firearm from the case of Pol. Maj. Bunyin plans to break prison but the plan is broken Being known by the officer before the additional allegations were reported. The proxy, the plaintiff and the defendant's lawyer came to the court, and the defendant was imprisoned at the Bang Kwang Central Prison. In which the court read the judgment to the parties that The defendant is guilty under the Criminal Code, Section 139, 140, paragraph three, 191, paragraph two, paragraph three, 309 paragraph two and 310 paragraphs. To punish the user for others to commit an offense in any way, allowing others who are imprisoned according to the power of the court to be free from prison By using violence or threatening to use violence Or with or using firearms Which is the law with the heaviest punishment under Section 90 of the Criminal Code, imprisonment for 3 years and a fine of 50,000 baht. Red number at 636/2013 of the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court Red case number 3889/2561 and the red case number 3890/2561 of the Phra Khanong Criminal Court And the red case number at the 190/2563 of this court. However, it was reported that Police Colonel Banyin has been sentenced to 4 cases, namely the case of cheating, the court, the court has been imprisoned for 8 years, the case of holding the brother. judge The court ordered a lifelong imprisonment, the case of planning to kill Mr. Chuwong Sae Tong, the court ordered the death penalty and the latest case planned a 3 -year prison jail.
Solve the puzzle of the Russian girl falling into the condo, Phuket, 8th floor.Found a condom on the balcony|Russian girl falls down on the 8th floor, Phuket Condo Found a condom envelope on the balcony 3 friends who come with 3 people refuse to give information (31 May 65), Patong Police Station, Phuket Province, was informed that tourists were fallen from the 8th floor of the condominium on Phra Baramee Road, Patong Subdistrict, Kathu District. 1 died, so hurried to the area to inspect the scene of the incident as a condominium. Located on the roadside Found the body of a foreign woman The condition lying face down Wear dark blue dress With red patterns The head was bleeding. By her body next to the base of the big tree Officials have found that That her hand had a certain amount of me After knowing the name of the deceased Miss Yef Jeenia, 37, the Russian, initially knew that she should drink with friends in the room. Check the room Found a slide glass door that has been opened. On the table there was a bottle and a glass of liquor placed. At the floor near the bed, found 1 carved condoms and 1 black condom was torn in the room. There was no trace of property. The regulations also found a cigarette envelope and the ball was also laid down. The police inspected her timeline. There was a journey into Thailand on 25 May 65, staying at the Hotel in Soi Na in Ruamjai 8, Patong Subdistrict, by the accommodation. At the time of the incident, there were 3 fellow countrymen, including 4 dead. Everyone drank alcohol and intoxicated. Check the balcony found that there is a relatively low edge. Patong Police Station Investigation invited foreigners in the room while inquiring and coordinating the Russians in Thailand to send officials to investigate the latest progress today (1 June 2018). Pol.Lt.Gen. Sermsaphan Sirikong, Ph.D., Phuket Province Revealing this case that In the investigation of the said event that The interrogation of the person in the room at the time of the incident Did not receive cooperation as it should be Because all 3 people consist of 2 men and women, 1, Russian people do not speak English. Although the interpreter is procured, all 3 people still do not allow cooperation. And would like to meet the Russian staff before any testimony Which is considered the right of everyone according to the law In which the police also use the right to control all 3 people according to the legal period as well
Vocational wielding a knife to chase the teeth of different institutions in the pumpThe agency ignored himself.Said as the police officer|At 08.30 hrs. On 2 June 2022, Capt. Adithep Pho Charoen, Deputy Inspector of Investigation Samut Prakan Police Station Notified that vocational students were attacked in Bangchak gas station. There are injuries. Opposite the Naval Academy, Pak Nam Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan Province After being notified, therefore, along with the investigative officers and the Samut Prakan Charity Foundation Travel to inspect The incident found a vocational student of the famous institution in Samut Prakan Province. Who are studying in vocational certificate 1 and 2, between 16-17 years old, about 5-6 people standing in the pump And there was a male student of the institute being hurt by 1 wristwarm, injured, first aid officers before being treated at Samut Prakan Hospital. Later, the staff brought all the students to interrogate more at Muang Samut Prakan police station. By a female student who is in the event And filmed a clip during the incident from inquiring. One of the injured students said that before the incident, and to include 5 institutions, riding a motorcycle out of the house. To travel to study And stopped by to fill the oil at the pump. Suddenly there was a group of students Of a college in the area of Bangchak, more than 10 people drove a motorcycle overlapping into the pump, then all held a knife and ran into them Until having to run away and die in different directions In the meantime, another friend could not escape by the right wrist. Before the group of students who caused the incident escaped Later, the parents of Samut Prakan Technical College students Traveled to Samut Prakan Police Station And tried to call to inquire The administrative department of a college in Bangchak area In order for the college to follow the students who caused the incident to the police station Because it should already know and have a history Because there is a video clip during the incident on social media, it shows that Who is the group that caused the crime? But the College brushed as a police duty Therefore causing some parents to be dissatisfied. The college said the cooperation As for the police officers, the investigation team accelerated the area to find news groups for the students who committed the crime to proceed with the law.
Sad, found 2 bodies.The condition of the body was beaten until bruised throughout the body.|Police Lieutenant Colonel Kham Phong Kong Kong, Inspector, Investigation, Saphana, was notified of the killing of the killing at Ban Nong Khlong, Village No. 7, Na Kha Subdistrict, Wapi Pathum District, Maha Sarakham Province, so went to inspect the scene with a doctor on duty. The scene is a two -story house on the 2nd floor. Found 2 people. Know the name, Mrs. Thongkoon, 75 years old, wearing a blue shirt, blue cloth, blue bag, died in an upper position on the corner of the physical examination room. Found bruises on the face and bleeding The area beside the body was found. Miss Tassanee, 19 years old, died by wearing shorts and wearing a brown T -shirt. With a blanket covering The body has bruises on the face, swollen, bleeding, right temples, there are wounds around the room, there are signs of fighting. The belongings were scattered from inquiring. Mrs. October looked at the neighbors that in the morning. The mother of the deceased called to call her grandchildren to go to school. He therefore walked to call But no one responded Therefore calling neighbors to see As well as going up to see on the house Found two grandmother, grandchildren died on the house. Before calling the police officer to inspect As for the incident, he was not sure when But around 3 am, heard the sound like a dog barking He came out to see. But didn't find any incident with the rainy night Therefore did not hear anything. Yesterday ago He came to build a house for Grandma during the day. After that, I returned home at 6:00 pm. Then at 22.00 hrs. The daughter returned from school in Wapi Pathum District. Stop by home Before leaving the house Come to sleep as a friend of grandmother Until the morning, a neighbor came to call him out to see when he saw the condition. To not accept I didn't think this would happen to my family. His daughter is diligent. Is about to have a far future Would like the police to catch the criminal to prosecute as soon as the police revealed that In the process of investigation at the scene Initially found that the victim's phone had disappeared. The ring is still with the fingers. The progress has now invited the witnesses and suspects to interrogate. Which has both teenagers in the village Construction Group And close people come to give information The cause is under investigation. Still not clear what caused And has not cut any issues yet However, the police were not restless. Investigate followers to proceed with the law.
shock!Meet 40 Myanmar people, hidden in the forest, expected to connect the cruel killing case|From the case of yesterday (1 June), the police officers in Thung Lung Police Station, Hat Yai District, Songkhla Province, found the body of Mr. Pun Don Bin Son, 40, was murdered, using a vine to bind his hands and bouncing his head in the forest. at Songkhla province, the deceased, is a person in the area of Ban Phru Subdistrict, Hat Yai District, working as an employee of the contractor company, cutting branches of the electricity. Achan Na Mom, the officers inspected the area around the scene. Found a motorcycle of the deceased Sink in the pool About 300 meters away from the burial point. However, the fighting traces of the forest before reaching the point of finding the body. Later, the police at Thung Lung police arrested 19 Myanmar people who fled to the city. Which is a group of suspects because of driving through the latest police officers in the afternoon of today (2 Jun 65), Village No. 11, Ban Khlong Pom, Ban Phoom Subdistrict Found 1 Myanmar man left the forest to find the water and heard a large group of people coming out of the forest. When he went to inspect, about 40 foreign foreign workers, both women and men hiding in the forest. About 6 kilometers away from the scene of the killing of the ground. And the leader could not take it out, then left in the middle of the forest Because the Myanmar people are found in hungry conditions Therefore informed the police to arrest Which the police will take to investigate the origin And is involved in the killing of the soil as well? From the inspection of the staff Found as 40 Myanmar people, the same group of 19 people. Last night The villagers must live in terror. Because most of the rubber tapping careers And believe that the incident group should not be related to the people in the area. As for the case, as the police expect to be the skill of foreign workers to escape into the city The villagers believe that it is like that. Because the dead do not have any conflicts with anyone to help the house of merit -making, 64 years old. Sorry that my son came to end my life. Met the last son, said that he would go out to find vegetables to find fish as usual every day Ask the police to speed up the arrest of the criminal. Confirm that the son has never had a story with anyone. Today, the police at Thung Lung Police Station have coordinated the divers of the Phitijak Samakkhi Foundation (Tongseia Xiang Tung), Hat Yai. To search for additional evidence in the pool that the criminal has left the motorcycle, such as the missing mobile phone and other evidence that may be thrown into the pool as well. According to the environmental investigation, the day of the incident was found. In the amount of 7 people in the forest at the point of being buried Making the issues aimed at the labor to escape to the city more weight
Teacher Jesada, NSTDA has a thousand flowers.Pushing the GT200 world|"Step away" Chakla, using a budget of over 7 million, checking the GT200 machine, Jesada, crushing again. Pushed to join the world of the world yesterday (2 Jun 65) at 20.50 hrs. Mr. Jirat Thongsuwan, MP, Chachoengsao, the party, the party has discussed the budget of the Ministry of Defense. That does not appear in the budget document that At the end of March The Army entered into a total contract of 7,570,000 baht to the National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA) to inspect the GT200 explosive detector of 757 machines, 10,000 baht per machine. It is a cemetery to deceive the world. When prying inside, it is empty. Finally, just a black plastic box with a shrimp tentacles pointing. Cannot be used to detect anything To this day, the lawsuit has not been concluded. And when he tried to request information about the contract details of the GT200 from the Army and NSTDA, the answer was secret. He therefore wondered if the Ministry of Defense took a few taxes to help the generals involved in the procurement of GT200 14 years ago to escape the case or not. Because the NACC recently resolved to not be able to indicate the offense. There was only one issue that the Minister of Defense clarified is that the Defense of the tax amount of 7,570,000 baht to hire a colorful plastic box. Black at the price of 10,000 baht per piece, 757 pieces for what? Because the whole world knows that there is nothing inside The Ministry of Defense uses this budget without consciousness at all? The tightening of 14 small plastic boxes, 1 thousand baht, please clarify because the villagers are waiting to listen. If he didn't read the budget documents thoroughly, he would not notice that this budget was not in the previous year's budget document. Therefore afraid that this year will secretly use the budget to be used again and would like to advise the prime minister to read the budget that he approved Will talk to him about Why are you going to read house decoration magazine? When he was at the royal house in the military camp in Assoc. Prof. Dr. Jesada Outstanding Duang Boriphan Lecturer at the Department of Biology Faculty of Science, Chulalongkorn University and Science Communications Came out to post Facebook Jessada Denduangboripant stating, "In addition to the army That was tricked into the time and didn't remember Also came to find a budget with the world Cemeter washed like GT200 and still surprised that the organization that has a thousand people in the NSTDA. How to get the machine with him, know and know That every device is a plain plastic can. Why waste time checking one device at a time? Unless receiving a few million money In exchange for the reputation of the organization And the Thai science industry. Leave the elder brother (saying that), the director of NSTDA. Sukit Limpijumnong, follow this. NSTDA and Science. Can lose the name If the head is sinking with GT200. "P.S. GT200 is amazing. Can consume royal money at any time Even collected for 14 years, still can leverage the money Clear cooking tools. P.S. 2 GT200 machines. This time, no need to use a screwdriver. Because it doesn't screw any screws Just two plastic Opposite the antenna and hinge. " Just the plastic sheets together, remove the monster, then do not screw the nut too. To waste budget From the public tax. P.S. The cost of producing less than a hundred baht Hiring a sheep of 10,000 baht per piece .. Am to buy a bag of underwear for soldiers to criteria better. "
Holding the hand of killing 2 grandchildren, off the horror, the real house, son -in -law, accumulated resentment for over 30 years|Catching a brutal son -in -law, mother -in -law secretly up the house, using a wooden The unlucky grandchildren came to live with being killed, shutting down, two bodies, the house revealed that the mother -in -law insults and does not accept because of gambling and not working as a residence. Accumulated resentment for over 30 years, therefore planning to kill cold blood from 2 grandmother, grandchildren were murdered in the area of Na Kha police station, Wapi Pathum District, Maha Sarakham Province, which is a 2 -story house that is being added. The dead body was found, Mrs. Thongkoon, 74, and Miss Tassanee, 19 years old, with the police bringing two suspects to interrogate all night until 1 in 2 suspects confessing, Mr. Thongson or Tia, 59 years old. Is the son -in -law of Nang Koon In which Mr Tia confessed to cause the incident because of his personal resentment with Mrs. Thongkoon Which is a mother -in -law Because he was cursed by the mother -in -law for over 30 years to live with his dead wife Find that he does not work And gamble Became a accumulated resentment Until finally causing the incident by entering the house after the incident at around 3 am before using the vetiver wood to hit the head of Mrs. Thong Koon many times Before Miss Tassanee woke up, then used the wood to hit the chin of From then, when both were caught Therefore used the rope that was prepared to strap both of them until died before picking up the mobile phone of Mrs. Thongkoon and Nang Nang Nayani to leave at the public water behind the house As for the rope and vetiver wood, throw away in the village of Don Pu Ta at the village. Officials have coordinated the staff of the Paphayap Pathum recovery club to find both mobile phones. It takes about 2 hours to find the phone. And let another investigative officers carry the carpet to find vetiver And the rope used to cause Which only found a rope But the vetiver wood has not yet been found. Mr. Pramang, the father of Nong Jade said that after knowing that the culprit is Mr Thongson, who is the brother -in -law. He already thought that it had to be Personally, rarely Because each person lives But I don't really like my face Because Mr Thongson rarely works Like to play a private chicken, believe that it is because of the cremation of the dead wife's body That Mr Tia didn't share May therefore cause the incident and 3 days before the incident The dog that was raised at home was bored by the drug. Expect Mr. Tia to do it. Now I don't want to tell you anything to Mr. Tia. People like this, only 200,000 money. Why do they do with their children like this? It cannot be exchanged for the life of the child. The daughter who died is considered unlucky. I didn't think that his daughter would be killed so cruelly. Every time he closed his eyes, he thought of his child's face. In which his daughter is a good person And is going to have a far future as a beautiful person as the school drum He didn't apologize for what happened. No need to ask for forgiveness And would like Mr. Tia to receive the last to the latest karma today (3 May) at 14.00 hrs. At Nakha Police Station, there was a press conference to arrest Mr Thongson, 59 years old, reporting the allegations Killed others with the intention and thought before. Maj. Gen. Direk Jit Aram, the Maha Sarakham Provincial Police Commander, said that the motivation of this was the accused and the deceased. Which is a mother -in -law and son -in -law Caused by resentment for over 30 years. Mother -in -law likes to scold her. Find out that you don't work Like to gamble, hit the chicken previously, have been watching 2 times but didn't have a chance But was determined to kill Therefore went to find a three -faced wood Made into a vetiver On the day of the incident, around three o'clock Went into the house and walked up to the second floor Solve the green nylon rope that tied the door. Holding his hand, then using 2 vetiver wood, grandchildren, nodded up Therefore using the wood to hit the grandchildren's chin Before using a green nylon rope to wait until death And using another rope prepared Then took 2 phones to throw into the swamp And the rope and vetiver wood were thrown away in Don Pu Ta. In the case of a dog bored The accused claimed that he didn't do it. And not related to the insurance money in any way In which the officers have reported allegations of killing others with the intention and thought
Big Joker in SatunThe knot of Rohingya 59 lives was abandoned in the middle of the sea.Is it human trafficking?|In the case of 59 Rohingya groups found left in Kamnan Bay, Ko Dong, Tarutao National Park Hungry By helping and detained at the Border Police Company 436 Satun, with the Border Police Company 436 Satun The Provincial Police Region 9, Satun Provincial Police, Investigation Unit, Sorn Chon Phor. Public Health, and related agencies traveled to check the disease and investigate the said alien group to the origin and the cause of The said left Initially brought the said person to check the ATK to screen the disease and check the hygiene because all 59 people are exhausted. And had to look at the smallpox, feet, elephants and orbit later Police Lieutenant Colonel Surachet Hakpapan, Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, together with the group traveled to meet with the relevant officials to acknowledge the said matter. After the meeting, he traveled to see the interrogation by multidisciplinary. Which consists of the Provincial Administrative Organization, welfare, labor protection and prosecutor, investigating officers Administrative and translation interpreter By reiterating the interpreter to translate correctly in every word. Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachet said that we found a total of 59 victims on the island. According to the initial investigation, we knew that he was staying at the island about 3 days before the boat brought. There are 3 boats that are Burmese boats. Bangladesh and Malaysia No Thai boats were not found. The first 3 ships were arrested. On May 1, there were 31 people. The 2nd person on May 24, there were 199 people and the 3rd ship was found on the date. 5 June left on Ko Dong 59, which all 3 boats left the Rakhine State. To go to Bangladesh But because I can't enter the country Therefore turned against Malaysia instead, but the two boats were arrested first and then scared all to leave in the island of Dong, claiming that this is Malaysia. Causing lack of water, lack of food, hungry conditions Thailand, we have to help with food. Drug treatment for him to be safe Both hygiene And various diseases, including smallpox, and quotes. When the exam is divided into 2 parts, namely human trafficking victims And entered the city illegally And may be detained in Local Quarantine and given a multidisciplinary interrogation We check that there are currently moving movements to work abroad or not for a better life. If it is considered a human trafficking Must help Chase, check who is a broker or agent, providing boats, finding water, food, Thai people too? Which some have a UN card But if escaping into the city, it will push back by any nationality, push back to that country The investigation must be carefully. In addition, 10 phones have to be found to see if there is a contact with Thai people or not. At this time there is no information but will chase the information from using the phone. As for human trafficking whether this case is considered or not Have to take the exam from the origin of how to be forced to be forced to rape Because this issue overlaps with human trafficking Must be examined in detail, human trafficking must be related to 3 circumstances Methods and utilization The path that the group transported people is considered the same route of the human trafficking process to talk to Sornchon and the Chairman of the Human Trafficking Committee. Use clear measures. Sorn Chon. Water police must have good protection measures in order not to come again because coming into our burden as well.
Ambulance thrillerThe criminal wearing a rescue script.|The criminal wearing a large loading script, shot a police car to escape across the province from Saraburi-Bangkok. While found as a northeastern drug network The police found a car parked in Min Buri area without a driver. The drug was abandoned on the way. Prepare a clue to follow after the incident, the criminal caused the firearm to shoot at the police. Chalerm Phra Kirit Police Station Saraburi Provincial Police Division Without injury In which the criminal uses a car -like vehicle Registration number 1 B-44820 Bangkok Not attached to the license plate after being a escape vehicle. The latest report is reported that the criminal uses bypassing the head to put on Phahonyothin inbound-Phahonyothin-Liab Khlong Raphiphat-Liab Khlong Hok Road 305-to Kanchana Road. In front of Mun Khlong Ha-Tala 9 Kanchan (East)-Get off the Ram Intha Expressway heading to Min Buri And parked the car in Soi Suwinthawong 44 and left a large amount of drugs in the Saen Suk Temple Min Buri area As for the driver to escape There are also reports that For this event, starting from Saraburi Provincial Police Received clues with the northeastern drug network Transporting drugs to the central region By using a rescue vehicle as a vehicle Therefore there was a monitoring and arresting even the criminals Until there was a shot Before escaping such The police are in the process of following up and following the criminals to proceed with the legal proceedings.
Clip chase!Van Van RescueMore than 2 million methamphetamine of the police|June 5, 2022 at 15.00 hrs. In the area of the waste in the forest, Soi 10/8 Hathairat 39, Khlong Sam Wa area Saraburi Provincial Police Along with highway police Came to inspect the methamphetamine of 6 sacks, or about 2 million, 4 hundred thousand tablets that were left by the criminals in the rescuers in the past afternoon Before driving away from the incident, since the past noon after the police investigated the provincial police in Saraburi. Investigate that there are no less than 2 groups of people using a methamphetamine. Comes from the upper northeastern region Transport into the central region Until the rescuers One suspicious car ran to Huai Bong Subdistrict, Chaloem Phrakiat District. Saraburi Province Therefore requesting a search But the criminal resisted Drive a car to escape to the Wang Noi line and run continuously. Khlong Sam Wa, Bangkok. During that time, the criminals still turn on the emergency lights all the way, so they can easily drive through. The police are police in different areas, not familiar with the route. In addition, on the road there was a traffic, so the staff did not dare to extract. Due to concern that there may be a crossfire that affects the people After the criminals left the drug in the area of the forest. Then drove to Soi Rat Uthit 44/0, leaving the car to escape With another white pickup truck driving to pick up the police officer, Major Chayanon, consciousness, provincial governor of Saraburi Revealed that the police have followed this criminal for a long time. Until knowing the exact information that the criminal has a career as a rescue of two spouses Will transport drugs from Loei province Entering the Bangkok area To deliver the drug into the 3 southern border provinces The police investigated the Saraburi, then stalking both of them from Loei province. Until the Huai Bong area Chalermprakiet District, Saraburi Province, the police therefore showed the request to search, but the criminals were alert, opening the signal, asking for a way from the public to escape. Throughout the path, the criminal used an emergency light to enter Soi Hathairat. 39 However, the inspection found that the amphetamine was abandoned. Going to Hathairat, the area of the forest in Soi Hathairat, a total of 2,400,000 tablets, and the police found that this criminal has used a rescuer to transport the medicine at least 2 times. This page has news that the criminal has opened the fight against the police all the way. Only the criminal used an emergency light to open the escape path While the police car was unable to follow. In addition, the police were able to extract from the Sacra in front of the other 2 suspects, which was now detained for interrogation in the province of Saraburi. However, it was reported that From the inspection of the car, the owner of the car is the father of the culprit. But the driver is the son and daughter -in -law, who is a residence in the foundation.
The 22 -year -old girl was threatened by a young man next to the room.Follow-knock the roomRevealing the substance to treat 3 rounds is worthless|On 4 June 65 at 17.00 hrs. Ms. B (named Suppose) stayed in a apartment in Sam Phran area, Nakhon Pathom Province, being threatened by a man next to the man. Like to come and wait, walk, knock on the room, peek at the window And when unlocking the keys, trying to enter the room But he quickly escaped into the room first Then locked himself in the room fearlessly, not daring to go out And during this period, his fans went to work in the provinces, so they had to be in the room alone, afraid that it would not be safe. Therefore decided to continue singing Pawina Hongsakul Foundation for Children and Women To help After accepting the story of Mrs. Pawena called Col. Songwut Charoenwichadej, Director of Sam Phran Police Station, Nakhon Pathom, asked for help immediately by Col. Songwut Requesting a phone number to contact Miss B., the complainant to contact for details and send the police force to help. Bring the said man to the police station and brought Miss B to the police station to inquire for details as well. But under the care of the police From the said male history check Found that the substance And had been admitted by 3 psychiatric hospitals and yesterday (05 Jun 65), the police brought the man to receive treatment at The Galya Ratchanakharin Institute, after all coordinating, Miss B has received help. Mrs. Pawina said that Feeling concerned about the well -being of Miss B because he had to stay at the end, so asked Miss B. consulted with the girlfriend about the girlfriend's girlfriend, B. will go to work in the provinces every week, which Big. Miss B. must be alone. Mrs. Pawena therefore suggested that they should be close to acquaintances to help each other. The Pawina Foundation and the police station of Sampran will follow up to give advice and care to be safe during this period. And asked her family to consider living for safety in the future. Warning and caring for young women Which, if necessary to rent a room alone Should have a friend known in the dormitory too Or get to know the phone number, owner of the dormitory staff And have a phone number Police in that area Or the phone number Pawina Foundation In order to be able to help immediately in the event of a danger near the night, especially the night that cannot be contacted. In this case, Miss B. 22, has a good witty, calling for help. Can help immediately. Mrs. Pawena thanked Col. Songwut Charoenwichadej, Director of Sam Phran Police Station And the police officers of the Sam Phran police station to help the people who are suffering quickly
Anna revealed to change 4 sets since getting off the airport.Confirm to reject all allegations|Anna-Warinthorn, Sung, YouTube and former entertainment reporter, 37 years old, said on Monday (6 June) after meeting the police at the Metropolitan Police Station (Police Station) Thonglor in Bangkok. That changing 4 sets since getting off the airport in a few hours is intended And thank you to the internet users who do not overlook this issue, Anna Journalist Since it was news that he arrived in Thailand. Social notices, Anna, why did you change the outfit since traveling 3-4 sets? (Mae Sitang laughs) Anna is this one. Thanks to the social people very much. Because we changed the set up to 4 sets. At first, we thought that the social media would overlook this. But social media still give importance to this Which this is the intention And we think that the mic (a lot) like this ... You understand, right? The whole life is all my life. I don't have a bad intention. I didn't think it was a bad thing. So I think this is to show the purity to myself. And a lot of microphone, so the reporter changed 4 sets. Anna had 4 sets. Anna answered questions about posting on social media that he wanted to move the country that they were in the preparation process only. Because now when breaking up with the old lover about 1-2 years ago and dreaming of having a husband as a US person Therefore want to prepare to move to the United States But also depends on your beauty whether to facilitate or not. "Do not want to move Prepare to move. "Anna said." To be honest, we want to have a foreign husband. I want to go to America. But do not know whether to go or not Must see if we are beautiful enough. "Another reason that made the decision to move the country It is because of the health problems caused by stress. "Ann Nagin, depression. Now, 6 tablets and we have stomach surgery. The morning problem woke up. There is a problem from- kidneys, we work hard. So I feel that we can't accept ourselves when we are criticized by society, but we don't know. Therefore, Anna thought that if we were still in this way Working and being criticized further We should die within 3-7 days or 10 days. Understand, right? Therefore, we find a place where no one knows us. No one judge us And then live it in a simple way because 30 days that Anna disappeared Anna is very happy. "Anna replied to YouTube and this former entertainment journalist. Calling for the media to headlines at an appropriate level, such as the word "Vietnamese flying" that he could not accept. Ann said that He traveled to surrender himself. And contact 1 day in advance. Therefore, it is not an escape. Ann said that he has 1 child and the family. That may be even more mentally affected than him Therefore calling for this point as well as the police filmed the clip while walking into the passenger terminal after getting off the plane Anna felt uncomfortable. Because in that clip, may attach another passenger's face That may bother those passengers or have a negative effect on Anna, revealing that the way to fight the case Which he was accused of participating in the sale of government lottery That many people think that it may be considered a deception of consumers and other laws, they reject all allegations And he was not the president of the management team (CEO) of the online lottery company Only responsible for promoting sales and public relations He received a fixed wage according to the contract. Not increased share from online lotteries that have increased in any way
Judgment Day!Point out the 30 million category of Caroon vs. Teacher Preecha. Today, the truth is the truth.|In the case of Police Lieutenant Colonel Charoon Wimul or Caroon, former police officer of Bo Phloi Police Station, Bo Phloi District, Kanchanaburi Province, won the 1st Lottery for the Daily Daily Daily, 533726, 533726 in money. The amount of 30 million baht later, Mr. Preecha meditated or Teacher Preecha claimed that the lottery that was rewarded and filed a lawsuit against Lieutenant Colonel Charoon, charged with embezzlement. Get the thief today (7 June) until the judgment day Summary of the epic case By Kanchanaburi Provincial Court Have made an appointment to read the verdict of the Supreme Court in the case that Teacher Preecha sued the Charoon category on charges of embezzlement or receiving robbers from the Lottery Lottery case at 09.00 hrs.
It's over!"Charoon Category" has held after the court dismissed the case of 30 million. Teacher Preecha lost 3 courts|From the case of Lieutenant Colonel Charoon Wimul or Caroon, former police officer of Bo Phloi Police Station, Bo Phloi District, Kanchanaburi Province, won the 1st Lottery for the Daily Daily Wide 1, 2017, 533726, amount of 5 million baht. Contemplating or Teacher Preecha claimed that the lottery that was rewarded and filed a lawsuit against Lieutenant Colonel Charoon, charged with embezzlement Receive robbers by today (7 June) The Kanchanaburi Provincial Court has made an appointment to read the Supreme Court in the case that Teacher Preecha sued the Charoon for embezzlement or receiving robbers from the Lottery Lottery case at 09.00 hrs. The message update after the court has a verdict. By stating that the epic is closed for 30 million !! The Supreme Court stands to dismiss the teacher Preecha Uncle Charoon 3, thank you to all FC for following and encouraged the Uncle Charoon family all the time. I have opened this story since December 2017, the first and only uncle's lawyer team. Fight the case to the present, it took almost 5 years to win the entire Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court. Uncle Charoon sued. And the lawyer There was a report. But every case is waiting for the clarity from this case I believe that after today, Teacher Preecha Probably hurried to take the incense, candles, and apologize to Uncle Caroon.
Win motorcycle, hired riding, bringing a 16 -year -old female student into the curtain.|Win Motor. Riding a 16 -year -old female student from the school but turned into the curtain. Put a knife, hoping, hoping to hang out The child escaped out (7 Jun 65) at 17.00 hrs. Police Colonel Thanathip Drong Ngam (investigated) Khlong Tan Police Station was notified of a female student being deceived by a criminal. To commit sexual violations The incident occurred at Soi Phumichit Hotel, Rama 4 Road, Phra Khanong Subdistrict, Khlong Toei District, Bangkok, so went to inspect the scene. Along with the volunteer officers in the scene of the incident in front of the hotel Looks like a curtain hotel. Found a 16 -year -old student in high school in a panic. With bruises on the body From being attacked Officials then assigned to bring to Thep Tarin Hospital. From the examination of the camera from a good citizen that was filmed in the clip, found that The criminal wearing a motorcycle, hired number 41, plump, black, red skin, pulled the child in front of the said hotel. Living in the said alley In the morning, the culprit had driven the motorcycle to send to school. While also saying that you don't have to call a car to pick up By leaving the phone number if going home or going to school Please call to be the person to pick up and send it by themselves. Until after school, going home, the criminal came to pick up at school But it appears that on the way, turning in front of the said hotel Before using a cutter knife, the neck was pulled to the ground, causing him to be injured and was robbed by 1 iPhone telephone robbery. Join to inspect the scene of the incident. And check the surrounding CCTV This can confirm the person who committed the crime. The driver of the motorcycle is hired in the said alley. There is information from friends. The criminal has behavior related to drugs. The officers are in the process of following the accused to prosecute.
Today points out!Former Director of Joe and the Black Bag Gang, Father Victim, revealed no longer fighting.Ready to receive a decision|The progress of the case at Police Colonel Thitisan Uthonphon or the former director of Muang Nakhon Sawan Police Station And 7 subordinates use a black bag to cover the head of the drug accused until death At the Criminal Court And misconduct in the middle of the court. Travel to listen to the verdict While the court will read the verdict via the Video Conference system to prison that imprisoned the former director of Jo will not bring the defendant to the court by Chakrit Distillery, Jiraphong Thanaphat's father or Mawin in The said case and Chanjira Thanapat, the mother traveled to the court. Before Mawin's father revealed that Today I still think of every child. Ready to accept the verdict Today, the court will do the best as evidence, which he is confident in the evidence, especially the images and events. The action of the past Director Joe and the guys If acting on the duty, it is OK. But should use the subconscious mind of humanity Still can't accept today Can only pray for the monks when asked how the son died in the family Mawin's father said that there was no just waiting for the time to decide. And if Mr. Mawin is still in the family life, what will it be because Mawin said that he would ask if in the evening he would probably ask What do you eat? Today, Father looks Since the day I saw my father out of the house By the arrest of officials And didn't come back again, Mawin's father Also specified the plan after the court considered that Will stop just this Probably not demanding anything But the alimony that was requested to ask for the full amount is about 1,550,000 baht. The remedy here. The lawyer of Father Mawin has thought in a period of 10 years. Continue to 3 courts? And must consult the lawyer first But now I feel tired. At the same time, the reporter asked if the 1.5 million will end, right? Father emphasized that "Yes, I don't want a lot. Want to live Better pray to pay respect to the monks. "
Invade the gang to sell thousands of ATK victimsDamage value of over 20 million|Today (8 June), Maj. Gen. Anan Nanasanasai, Commander in Chief of the Police Station, announced the arrest of the accused network to sell ATK inspection kits, which were able to arrest a total of 6 suspects. Complaints from the victims that there is a Facebook page announced to sell 19 cow check sets after the victim has transferred the money but has not transferred the product to the victims in any way. The behavior of this group of accused is to create a Facebook page. Came up to deceive the ATK examination set to the number of people, a total of more than 20 pages, the injured person then gathered to report the complaint at The Office of the Army, the Police Station, the Police Station 4, the PAO, therefore, the PAO has gathered evidence to request an arrest warrant for 6 suspects on June 6, the police officers. Dating together with the Royal Thai Police, Nong Han Police Station and Hang Dong police station followed up a total of 6 suspects. According to financial inspections, The accused group has opened a lot of horse accounts. To be used in frying money To avoid arrest It was found that more than 20 million baht was damaged by an inquiry. One of the accused acknowledged that he was hired to open a bank account (horse account), with a wage of 400-500 baht per account. But admitted to be the withdrawal of ATMs, with a wage of 1,000 baht per time to withdraw 1 hundred thousand baht. Col. Neti Wong Khuo, Director of the Police Station, said that the incident was a smuggling. ATK check set via Facebook page, a total of 22 pages. There are many victims who have transferred money but not getting the product. After receiving the transfer of the criminal, the Facebook closed The police can arrest 6 people in the base of the offense together to fraud the people and the Computer Act. Found that the value of more than 20 million baht and more than 1,000 victims, after this The police will coordinate the relevant agencies to close the said Facebook page. Currently, the police investigation has a clue of the money from the horse account. In the process of requesting an arrest warrant
urgent!The court sentenced the execution of "former Director of Joe" but reducing the penalty to life.|The progress of the case at Police Colonel Thitisan Uthonphon or the former director of Muang Nakhon Sawan Police Station And 7 subordinates use a black bag to cover the head of the drug accused until death At the Criminal Court And misconduct in the middle of the court. Travel to listen to the verdict While the court will read the verdict via the Video Conference system to prison that imprisoned the former director of Jo, will not bring the defendant to the latest court. Facebook page of the program This morning reported that the court sentenced the execution of former Director of Police Colonel Thitisan Uthonphon, former director of Muang Nakhon Sawan Police Station. Use a black bag to cover the head. The accused was died. But there was a reason Due to healing the victim Therefore reducing the penalty to imprisonment for life, the court sentenced that the defendant Police Colonel Thitisan Uthaphonphol, former director of the defendant 1-5 and 7 offended according to the lawsuit To punish the charges of cruelly killed The heaviest chapter to execute to reduce penalty 1 in 3 to imprisonment for life. According to the Criminal Code, Section 157, imprisonment for 5 years and 4 months
Hotel Manager JangWin lust did not bring the child to rape at the hotel.But the child ran awayThe staff helped in time.|From the case of yesterday evening The criminal was a motorcycle. Using a cutter knife, forcing a 16 -year -old girl, one of the rapes in Soi Phumijit, Rama 4 Road, but unsuccessful because the injured youth tried to fight. And run away Causing the criminal to escape by leaving the injured youth at the scene before In the middle of the night, the investigation department of Khlong Tan Police Station was able to arrest Mr. Somsak Changsat, along with a motorcycle used at an incident at a temple in Onnut area. The cutter knife And the victim's phone was thrown into the canal near the point of arrest last morning. Reporters went to the area to see the scene. Which at the point of the incident met with the hotel manager By the hotel manager Specified the news team that According to the news that Lust motorcycle Using weapons, knives, forcing the 16 -year -old youth into the hotel, curtain, hoping to rape Considered to be inaccurate from the truth Because the criminal did not bring the victim into the hotel area But the victim ran away from the criminal from the end of the alley And make a voice to ask for help In which the female staff heard the sound, then walked out to see Before seeing the injured youth running to ask for help The staff then brought the youth of the injured person to first aid in the hotel. Because the body has a scratched wound Before coordinating to the motorcycle in the entrance of the alley Which has some as a volunteer of the Ruam Ganyu Foundation In order to come to help with the first degree and deliver As for the criminals, the hotel manager also stated that their curtain hotels have never supported the offender. Including if you see that any young woman is not willing to come in Will help and leave the man who brought in to use the service Like if it is seen that youth wearing school uniforms Will not be allowed to come in and the criminal From the inquiry of this youth, the victim is known as Win number 41 at the end of the alley, when the news team traveled to ask friends. Made him aware that the Win Number 41, which Mr. Somsak wearing on the day of the incident Belonging to Father Somsak Currently, stop running a motorcycle. And turned to a career as a security guard As for Win shirt, it was delivered to Mr. Somsak to run to make money. Because there is no job In which Mr. Somsak himself came to run at the said win for about a year With the temperament being a quiet person, not talking to anyone No one in Win knows whether Mr. Somsak involved in drugs or not. Police Colonel Somsak Mongkhonkunakorn, the director of the Khlong Tan Police Station, stated that the progress after interrogation of the accused confessed to be the real culprit. Initially reported charges Stealth using a knife weapon Due to the complete evidence and belongings But for other charges Such as a minor Or trying to rape Have to wait for the results of the injured person to finish first At this time, the inquiry official is in the process of gathering evidence if found to have other offenses. Will continue to report additional charges Tomorrow will detain the accused to ask for the power of the court. Injury to the knee and elbow From resisting and trying to escape during the incident In which the inquiry officials will invite the multidisciplinary to interrogate the victim again, while in the middle of this case, initially in the middle of the night, the foundation has been coordinated in a canal. Close to the point where the investigation department can arrest Mr. Somsak Because Mr. Somsak Claiming that the weapons of the cutter knives and smartphones of the victims Leave it for several hours. Found only weapons, knives, cutters But for the victim's smartphone, the victim has not yet been found. The inquiry official therefore collected evidence for use in the case.
Father Mawin, victim, black bag, director Jo, satisfied with the court's decision.Even without being killed|Father Mawin, victim, black bag, director Jo, satisfied with the court's decision. Even without being killed The family fought fully for 1 year. From the case of the Criminal Court, corruption and misconduct in the middle of Taling Chan Rd. Black criminal case at the Or Sor. 180/2564 in the case where the Attorney General commented Police Colonel Thitisan Uthaphon, or "Director of Joe", former director of Muang Nakhon Sawan Police Station and 7 people, jointly killed Mr. Jirapong Thanaphat or Mawin, 24 years old. In drug cases By rehearsing and using a black bag to cover the head Until brutally suffocated In which the prosecutor filed a lawsuit against the death penalty rate by the court that Police Colonel Thitisan Uthonphon, former director of the 1st defendant, together with Pol.Col. Police Lieutenant Colonel Tharanin Masawanna, 4th defendant, Wisut Bunkhee, the 5th defendant and Pol. The script to punish all the offenses by punishing Section 289 (5) killed others with intent and acting by brutal torture. Which is heavily ripe under Section 90 to punish the death penalty As for the police Supakorn, the defendant 6 is guilty under Section 157, referring to or performing their duties illegally, rape, to do anything or do not act to imprisonment for 8 years. However, the defendant 1-7 gives Benefits for consideration There is a funeral payment of 30,000 baht to alleviate the bad effects for the parents of the deceased 300,000 baht and have a circumstance to help first aid and deliver to the hospital. Until recovering the life signal back Therefore reducing the penalty for 1 in 3 defendants to imprison life. As for Supakorn Nimchuen, the 6th defendant was against the duty wrong under the Criminal Code, Section 157, reduced penalty 1 in 3, probably imprisoned for 5 years and 4 months later. Listen to the verdict Air Boat Chakkrit Distilled the victim's father in the case, said Satisfied with the decision Although not the death penalty Because the family fought the case for almost 1 year ago Although the accused claimed that the duty was not intended to not intend to cause the son to die At first, the son died and he had not seen a clip from the CCTV. The director Jo and all the defendants still talk to themselves as usual. Like not doing any offense In particular, the director Jo who came to embrace the condolences of his son's death, while speaking, judging and reading the behavior of the first defendant, recognized that at that time, the son had to suffer a lot because of being hit by a plastic bag. I like Mrs. Chanjira, the mother of the deceased. Still feel sorry for the death of his son And when listening to the court, reading the circumstances that Director of Joe and the acts against his son The more pity the children who have to encounter this kind of event However, he was satisfied with the court's decision.
The Japanese court ordered the imprisonment for the people who attacked Win for 20 months.|Kyoto District Court in Kyoto, Japan, read the verdict on Wednesday (8 June) to imprisonment, Mr Tsuhiko Zato for 20 months from the invasion of the residence and assault Mr. Pawin. Chatchawanpongphan Thai scholars Specialized in Southeast Asia This university Kyoto, this academic Political asylum in Japan Gave an interview with the Thai BBC news agency that Satisfied with the said decision and was glad to receive justice. In addition, thanks to the police and the Japanese court who was dedicated to the work of the criminal to be punished. Mr. Sato caused the incident on 8 July 2019 by wearing a hat to conceal the face and the appearance. At that time, Mr. Pawin and the lover were in the accommodation. And also injecting cans containing chemicals on this academic and lover. Even during the trial, Mr. Sato, the 43 -year -old, confessing that he was actually doing it. By being hired by one person At first he refused. But later threatened, then decided to accept this physical assault Mr. Sato refused to reveal to the court who was employed.
Lawyer Tum posted the case of the director of Jo, prison prison for life.Attached for a few years, then chill out on the road.|Lawyer Tum posted the case of the director of Jo, prison prison for life. Attached for a few years, then chill out on the road. Because according to the law, there is already a reason for the case of the Criminal Court, corruption and misconduct in the middle of Taling Chan Rd. Black criminal case 180/2564 in the case where the Attorney General commented Police Colonel Thitisan Uthaphon, or "Director of Joe", former director of Muang Nakhon Sawan Police Station and 7 people, jointly killed Mr. Jirapong Thanaphat or Mawin, 24 years old. In drug cases By rehearsing and using a black bag to cover the head Until brutally suffocated In which the prosecutor filed a lawsuit against the death penalty rate by the court that Police Colonel Thitisan Uthonphon, former director of the 1st defendant, together with Pol.Col. Police Lieutenant Colonel Tharanin Masawanna, 4th defendant, Wisut Bunkhee, the 5th defendant and Pol. The script to punish all the offenses by punishing Section 289 (5) killed others with intent and acting by brutal torture. Which is heavy in accordance with Section 90, punished by the death penalty. However, the defendant 1-7 provides benefits for consideration. There is a funeral payment of 30,000 baht to alleviate the bad effects for the parents of the deceased 300,000 baht and have a circumstance to help first aid and deliver to the hospital. Until recovering the life signal back Therefore reducing the penalty for 1 in 3 defendants to imprison life. As for Supakorn Nimchuen, the 6th defendant was against the duty wrong under the Criminal Code, Section 157, reduced penalty 1 in 3, probably imprisoned for 5 years and 4 months. Mr. Sitra Khwang, or a lawyer Tum, has posted on the page of the premium, the Secretary -General of the Foundation, the lawyer team, the public posted on Facebook. Decide The details are as follows: "One of the cases in which I participated in the director of the director Jo, who used the bag to kill his head to the point that the accused was died. Today, the court has decided to execute. But there was a reason Due to healing the victim Therefore reducing the penalty to only life imprisonment If the imprisonment is good Attached for a few years, then chill out on the road. Not that the court benefits But according to the law, there is already a reason for the penalty. It's sad here. " But the victim doesn't have a chance, even if you leave the family for the last time. If that day, I and the media Did not bring the clip to open until the news is famous, unaware of the dead, will die for free. "
The military sergeant shot a former wife.After following the hospital, it was unsuccessful before pulling his own chickens to death.|Last night (9 June) at 00.00 hrs. Col. Preecha Kengsarikit, Director of Khon Kaen Provincial Police Station Was informed that there was a firearm shooting in the Heart Disease Hall, 4th floor, Khun Yak Piyachat Building, 4th floor, in Khon Kaen Hospital Initially found Miss Naphaporn, 34, was shot with a firearm into the head, severe condition. Officials accelerated to help but to endure the wounds. Ajarn Akhaphong Which used a gun to shoot in his head, seriously injured Before dying later At the scene of the incident, a 4 -inch 4 -inch black pair of pistols were found, and 1 bullet head fell at the scene. Found a shell used in 4 guns and 2 ammunition that has not shot. Col. Preecha said that the soldiers who caused the military at the 6th Cavalry Regiment Sri Patcharin Camp Tar Khon Kaen Province Use the .38 rifle firearms to shoot the ex -wife, who is a regular nurse. Khon Kaen Center Hospital 1 bullet in the head in the middle of the chest 1 match, 1 right -rolled man, the wife died immediately. After that, the soldiers walked away from the point of shooting his ex -wife. Then use the same firearm to shoot himself And died at 05.00 hrs. On the same day, the director of Khon Kaen Police Station said that after the nurse who was a friend with his ex -wife Notified relatives Relatives then came to see the scene. The police investigated the relatives and close people of the two dead. The soldiers and ex -wives lived together until they had 2 children, 3 years old and 7 years old. Until about the beginning of the year, the nurse went to train a specialized course in Chiang Mai for 4 months and then returned to work at Khon Kaen Center Hospital In the past, "After the nurse returned to work at the Khon Kaen Nursing Center. Both have more frequent quarrels. To the point of shooting at the guesthouse Relatives always know the problem. Finally, both of them were divorced. But the man has always tried to follow and reconcile with the nurse Until carrying firearms into the hospital Walking for the former wife who is on duty and working in a special room When found, he went in. Using a gun to shoot his ex -wife, 3 shots, then the soldiers then walked out of the room. Then use the same gun to shoot himself to commit suicide But still not dead immediately Doctors-nurses can help. But came to death at five o'clock in the past. " Director of Khon Kaen Police Station Added that The cause of this military crime From the investigation, relatives confirmed that Caused by a jealousy of his ex -wife Trying to reconcile but the nurse refuses to reconcile too. Therefore came to cause the said incident In which the police will investigate relatives and close people In order to know the relevant details more clearly After that, the body will be given to the relatives to continue to perform according to tradition.
The big model shows off the Bridge of Nakhon Sawan.Being ordered by the court!1 month prison|Police General Damrongsak Kittipraphat Deputy Commander of the National Police Director of the Center for Prevention and Suppression of Racing in the way and other related offenses Revealed on Wednesday (8 June) that Nakhon Sawan police brought Mr. Chad Poomkasem, 49 years old, driving a motorcycle on Phahonyothin Road. With a sleeper on the car seat and hands to pay respect Near the U -turn bridge In the area near the Phayakhiri checkpoint, Nakhon Sawan Province, went to sue the Nakhon Sawan District Court. This Deputy Commander said that after the lawsuit The court sentenced But the accused confessed Therefore reducing half of the penalty 1 month imprisonment, fined 3,000 baht, waiting for a criminal for 2 years. The court confiscated Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat Deputy Commander of the National Police, Pol.Gen. Damrongsak Reverse when the first part of the story that After the clip is clear online Therefore ordered Nakhon Sawan Provincial Police Commander, Police Lieutenant General Rapong Sukphaibun, Deputy Commander Nakhon Sawan Police Station, Police Colonel Thananan Wit Sri Bunrueang, Phu Yakhiri Police Station, Police Colonel Kosit Kanjamol and the Social Media team of the Police Department, Phayuha Kiri Sueb Police Station Know until the culprit after that There is an allegation. "Driving, regardless of the safety or suffering of others and driving in a unusual manner, or may not see the front or back on one side. Or both sides, enough to be safe. "The accused confessed throughout the allegations. Before taking to sue the court, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak said that General Prayut Chan -ocha, Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Concerned about racing on the road that causes annoyance to society and is harmful to road users And ordered the National Police Agency to draw seriously, with the rooting of Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Inviting people to find clues to the center of the prevention and suppression of racing in the way and other related offenses. National Police Agency At the hotline 1599 or 191, can also be filmed on Facebook, Social Media Center, Corps of the Civil Service Commission 24 hours a day as well. There is a prize money for 3,000 baht to the informant if the arrest can be arrested.
Big Joker, Kom Kom!The big boy claims to be a brother.Deceive the victim to believe that the police-soldiers can|From the case of the victims complaining to the media that a monk claims to be a brother Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Hakpal, Assistant Commander in Chief that the descendants were able to serve as police and soldiers. With a cost of approximately 100,000 baht per person. Which caused the incident in the area of Khon Kaen and Maha Sarakham Province. The latest progress today (9 June) Col. Pongrit Kongsisombat, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Region 4 Teacher Phakphum Phisamai, Deputy Commander in Chief of Region 4, Col. Preecha Keng Sarikit, Director of Khon Kaen Police Station Join the press conference on the arrest of the arrest warrant of the Khon Kaen Provincial Court, Mr. Apirak, aged 75, on charges of "fraud", which can be arrested at the rental area of Nasak Sub -district, Swi District, Chumphon Province. The director of the Khon Kaen Provincial Police Station said that the circumstances in this case, that is, Mr Apirak ordained as a monk. Located at Wat Phatthamak, Ban Tha Kla, Sila Subdistrict, Mueang District, Khon Kaen Province, received the nickname "Phra Aphirak Apipuno" and began to befriend the relatives who came to make merit at various temples. By claiming to have the rank of military general and come to ordain as a monk, with a younger brother, namely Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander in Chief and can leave the police officers and military quota 2 times a year People are costing about 100,000 baht until the villagers believe and pay when Mr Apirak has received the money. Will move the temple to another temple And deceive the kith and kin who come to make merit in the same way at other temples Until being prosecuted and issued an arrest warrant Later, the scripture of the Buddha in the area of Tak province and escaped in various areas. Until being arrested at Swi District, Chumphon Province. The accused had been arrested by the sheriff in the same way in 2015-2016 by causing an incident in the area of Ang Thong province and after the year 2021, he was ordained as a monk and caused another bruise. And from additional inspections, it was found that There are people in a similar way, namely Mr Apirak deceived. By the incident in the area of Mueang Khon Kaen District, 2 cases and Kosum Phisai District Maha Sarakham Province, another 3 cases, total damage of over 500,000 baht. If knowing that he was deceived by the accused in the same way Please notify Khon Kaen Police Station To prosecute further
Dropped depressed, lust, lust, father, take off the shoes for the child to put in the prison, reveal, it will be good, however, the child|Leave the motorcycle. Lust. Revealing to be good, whatever, whatever And there are also 3 grandchildren raising burdens (9 June 65) Police Lieutenant Colonel Niran Soma Khunanont, Deputy Director of the Khlong Tan Police Station, stated that the prosecution of Mr. Somsak Win, who caused the incident The cutter knife, the injured youth, 16 years old, hoping to rape. That yesterday in the evening, the accused was taken to make a confession plan. In which the accused still confirmed at the point of being used as the victim's mobile phone But the authorities until now have not found the said belongings And from additional interrogation inquiry official The charges were charged with minors under 18, without additional reasons, combined with the first two charges that were previously reported to 3 charges. The operation today at 10.00 will be detained for the accused. Requesting the power of the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court to be imprisoned by the process will be deposited online or video conferencing. When the court deposited, the Bangkok Special Prison will be brought immediately while Mr. Somsak's father Who traveled to visit his son and met the inquiry official according to the steps, stating the news team after meeting his son that He tried to ask his son why he was doing it. Why didn't you think about children and father? How to stay Which the son did not answer anything but was quiet and only said that he was worried about all 3 children People want to leave their father. Take to Suphan Buri province, which is the father's house Which I still do not know how to proceed with all three grandchildren, because I have many burdens, income from a career as a security person only 15,000 baht per month and has a lot of expenses In addition, I was worried about the three grandchildren if there were no close care. May cause the future Because the eldest grandson is at a turning point and the neighborhood is known to have problems with drugs. And he works in day and night, alternating every 15 days, which will not have time to take care of the three grandchildren as it should be done. The care of the mother's wife In which he would like to finish his son before going to proceed with the three grandchildren But the beginning, after the story, a social worker came to talk to himself about the request to take care of the three grandchildren. Which they are ready if all three grandchildren will receive better things Both about learning and being, but if The family of the ex -wife, the son will contact to look after the three grandchildren. He confirmed that he would like to take care of all 3 grandchildren because the ex -wife of his son broke up for many years, and the three grandchildren grew up with themselves and his son and the position of the woman's side is not that good. I would like to clarify About the motorcycle shirt that the son used to confirm that the shirt is legally But he saw that the son had previously been punished Come out and have no work, must raise 3 children and find a rental fee In addition, he changed his career into a building that is safe for the building due to the age of bad eyesight. Did not drive a motorcycle, then passed on to his son Which is not the sale of the shirt as The news was presented earlier. Personally, I acknowledge that the passing of the son of the son may be guilty, which is ready to accept everything, which while moving Mr. Somsak into the car, the inmates to deposit at the Bangkok Special Prison. The father was noticed that his son had no shoes to wear, then took off the slippers that he was wearing to send to the son in the car, detained the accused and ordered to report his own name to the prison. Completed, including sending a certain amount of money Let the son carry it in the prison before turning to tell the reporter that it would be good, whatever, however, his own child must take care. Before the officers detained and moved out of the police station
The police revealed that the 7 -year -old child ran to tell the nurse to help.Before the father fired, the mother stopped in the middle of the hospital.|Today (9 June), reporters report the progress of Sergeant Major Akkaphong, military under the 6th Cavalry Regiment, Sripatcharinthorn Camp. Khon Kaen Province Using a .38 module firearm, shooting Miss Naphara, 34 years old, a former wife who is a regular nurse Khon Kaen Center Hospital 1 bullet into the head in the middle of the chest, 1 match and 1 right -rolled man died immediately at the scene before the cause of the incident came out of the point of shooting the ex -wife. Then use the same firearm to shoot himself And died at 05.00 hrs. The same day after the offender followed to clear the problem and adjusted the understanding of the ex -wife who was a nurse. But unsuccessful, therefore causing the incident According to news reports during the incident, it was reported that In this incident The culprit uses firearms to shoot ex -wife. In front of the 3 -year -old child and 7 years old, causing sadness and shocking to those who know the latest news at 12.30 hrs. Col. Preecha Kengsarikit, Director of Khon Kaen Police Station, revealed that in the past The 3 -year -old little and 7 -year -old rat were the children of the deceased. Came to live with the mother who was on duty at Khon Kaen Center Hospital By lying waiting for the mother in the room that was used as a place to store things on the Building of Piyachat, 4th floor, Khon Kaen Hospital. Later, at approximately 23.30 hrs. Came to find the former wife To clear the problem of jealousy But before going to find the ex -wife The culprit went to the child in another room first. Then led the arm of a 7 year old child to find the ex -wife As for the 3 -year -old girl, another child was sleeping. After that, when he found his ex -wife Began to argue with the 7 -year -old boy who saw that parents quarreled Therefore ran to tell the nurse officers near the scene of the incident But while the little girl was asking for help The sound of the gun became louder. By confirming that during the incident Children are not in the period of violent events. However Officials are prepared to send the team to take care of the mental state of both children and find ways to take care of the family in the long run. Initially, knowing that both of the little children still have eyes and grandmother living in the area of Ban Pet Subdistrict, Mueang District, Khon Kaen Province, which will continue to find ways to help. The bodies of the two bodies are still at the Khon Kaen Center Hospital. For the officers to perform autopsy according to the process When finished, will coordinate the relatives to receive the body to perform religious ceremonies. The atmosphere at the Khon Kaen Center Hospital Still open as usual While Khun Kunakorn Piyachat Building, 4th floor, Khon Kaen Hospital, Special room 5, 6 points. Absolutely do not allow those who are not involved inside.
Drunk girl sleeping on a taxiWake up to the bottom bareLustless chauffeur did not rape.Just force to help|Drunk girl sleeping on a taxi Wake up to the bottom bare The underwear was removed. The lustful chauffeur did not rape, just to use his hand because the victim claimed that the pregnancy (9 Jun 65) at 12.30 hrs. At Bang Bua Thong Police Station, Nonthaburi Province, Pol. Bang Bua Thong, Police Colonel Narentorn Wira, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Bang Bua Thong Police Station, Pol.Col. Supakorn Saengchan Together with the police officers in Bang Bua Thong Police Station together to arrest Mr. Pholwat, 32 years old, according to the arrest warrant of the Nonthaburi Provincial Court at 236/2565, dated 8 June 2018 with evidence from the CCTV. By accusing that Rape others by threatening in any way. By using violence In which others are in a state that cannot resist Or by making others mistakenly misunderstand that they are other people, drug abuse, type 1 and robbery, arrest at the residence of Bang Khurat Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province. Picture from CCTV at 08.00 hrs. 4 Jun 65 capture the injured person Is a long hair woman Wearing a black long -sleeved shirt Wear black shorts Carrying a white bag Called a taxi on Kanchanaphisek Road Bang Yai City Heading to Soi Krom Land, Bang Bua Thong District, the second CCTV, capturing the victim at 08.52 hrs. Walk on the Bang Kruai-Sai Noi Road. Close to Soi Toe Fun After the accused drove to send due to Miss B (named Suppose), 28 years old, the victim who worked as a liquor PR in Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province, reported to the investigation officer of Bang Bua Thong police station on the day. On June 4, 65 that the night of the incident, the victim drank alcohol at the liquor store until he was intoxicated and went on a trip to a friend at Mit Pracha Village, Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province Until around 07.40 hrs. On June 4, 2022, the injured person called a taxi to send to the house in Soi Krom Land, Phimonrat Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province. On the way, the victim fell asleep when the victim woke up. It turns out that the victim lying down on the back seat, shorts and underwear were removed and the accused used the penis inserted into the genitals of the victim. After that, the accused brought the victim. Delivered to the three palace bends Along Bang Kruai-Sai Noi Road, Bang Bua Thong Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province, from the inquiry of Mr. Pholwat, the accused that the day of the incident was the morning, received the victim from Bang Yai to send to Soi Krom Land, Bang Bua Thong District. Sleep all the way He therefore used to dark trying to awaken the victim. After that, the mood was used to rub the legs. He then drove out along the alley through the road 345 and stopped by to enter Soi Son Kook. In the area of Bang Kruai-Sai Noi Road That is a grass forest He tried to wake up, but the victim did not wake up. He then parked the car and opened the door to the back of the victim and took off the shorts. Take off the underwear But the victim woke up and told him that he was pregnant He then stopped and put the pants back to the person. And asked him to help with his hands When he was almost finished, he tried to sweep the victim's hand, but the victim continued until he succeeded. After that, the body had to send him to the main road. The reason for the incident was a man who saw a woman like that. But he did not deny that he raped him. On the morning of the incident, he called a taxi from Bang Yai to go to the house to Soi Krom Land. After that, he fell asleep because he had drunk. Because I think that the morning time shouldn't be safe Came to realize that he was straddling the scene of a forest Is a dirt road After he woke up, he felt that he had raped himself. He therefore pretended that he was pregnant, do not act at all. He forced himself to have orgasm. He is angry. After making him accomplished, he begged him to go to the main road. And he also took his mobile phone After that, he reported and went to check his body. Would like to warn the woman to use the taxi service. It's during the day time Or in the morning is not safe Can't trust people He came to know that the criminal has a case in many cases, why can you drive a taxi? Which is not safe for the people But also depends on the minds of people Now the state of mind is bad. Must take antibiotics and stress relief drugs Eating is not the same. The work has not been done for many days. Catching is happy, but more sad than having to encounter things like this. They will prosecute to the end. People like this should not be in society. To the woman who drinks alcohol, if having to take a taxi, even if it's during the day, it's not safe. Initially, the accused denied throughout the allegations. Which, from the examination of the history, found that he had been punished in many cases Drug abuse to blame the area of Tao Poon Police Station, 2 cases, to punish the drug possession to be punished with the Corpox Police Station, Tao Poon Police Station and to blame the Kerphim, Bang Yai Police Station. In which the police oppose the bail
Father told the knot.The military sergeant shot the daughter in the middle of the hospital, unfolding the former son -in -law.Find that the wife is dating women|Father told the knot. The military sergeant shot the nurse. Unfold the crime, former son -in -law used to be unfaithful Even jealous of the wife to be close to women Divorce and refusing to end (9 Jun 65) Mr. Prasut, 65 years old, her father of Naphaporn, 34, a nurse who was 35 -year -old Sergeant Akkaphan, using a .38 rifleShot dead in the Khon Kaen Center Hospital Last night Traveled to meet Pol.Col. Boon Mak Krueang, Waeng Mon. (Investigation), Muang Khon Kaen Police Station In order to give in the event that the daughter was shot by the former son -in -law And requesting the body to return to practice according to tradition after testifying to the police Mr. Prasut revealed to the media that The incident It has been accumulated between his daughter and his former son -in -law. Because the son -in -law is a person who does not care about the family The wife's holiday never took him to rest. Causing the daughter and grandchildren to be unhappy As well as son -in -law Used to be unfaithful to another woman And the daughter caught Resulting in the aromatic aroma in the end of the year 2021, the agency sent a daughter to train a special way in Phayao province for 4 months and went to study in Chiang Mai for another 2 months, making the daughter a new friend who is a friend who is close to each other. Continuously When the husband knew the matter, he was jealous. Find out that the wife is unfaithful to dating women together In which the wife told him that Talk to a female friend only, but the husband doesn't believe Forcing the wife to register to divorce The daughter was divorced. But after divorce The son -in -law also came home to ask for reconciliation. And will not interfere with personal matters Causing his wife, who was his daughter to reconcile, but in the end, the son -in -law could not accept the prison And used a threatening gun Until having to notify the police to arrest him with firearms to the military court, family, mediate But about shooting and firearms To be a matter of court As well as making a request for protection in the case of violence in the family as well But until now, it is not right to be protected in any way. Personally with my son -in -law, after both of them divorced The son -in -law has been argued many times, not respecting, using vulgar words. Threatening both himself and his daughter all the time, Mr. Prasut said that on the day of the incident, during the day, the daughter called not to pick up the grandchildren at the school. Because he would pick up the children to play with friends at the hospital Until midnight, the niece called to inform his father's eyes and hugged his mother's neck. Therefore hurried to drive a motorcycle to Khon Kaen Center Hospital When he arrived at the scene, he found the staff. Pushing his daughter's body out of the scene Not long after each other, pushing his son -in -law. As for the niece and grandson Sitting and hugging each other In shock with the incident, while the daughter's body Get out of the hospital to set up a merit -making at Wat Si Chan. In Khon Kaen Municipality And there will be a cremation ceremony on Sunday. By now, two grandchildren Still don't know that the mother died Now I would like to leave to various government agencies that the committee should be set up to help the family of the personnel. That has problems in the family Prevent misfortune Especially medical personnel Those who have to watch the treatment of sick people When lost The family is sad. The organization must also lose skills that are skilled. Therefore would like to appoint a committee
The Criminal Court for corruption, 325 years imprisonment, the police called for a 600,000 massage parlor.|The Criminal Court of the Corruption case ordered 325 years imprisonment for the police to receive 65 massage parlor, totaling more than 600,000 offices, the Committee of the Corruption Commission in the government (PACC). And misconduct Sentenced to the police Who made a call from the massage parlor. This case was accused of the police officer. Investigation Division Metropolitan Police Headquarters National Police Agency That the corruption in the government sector, that is, the opportunity that he has the power to investigate and arrest legal offenders Acting or receiving property Illegally from Nataree Service Entertainment, massage parlors to exchange with Do not conduct a criminal investigation and search to arrest 65 criminal offenders, totaling 641,000 baht. Has resolved that the actions of the accused are an offense under the Criminal Code, Section 149 and Section 157, the Organic Act on Prevention and Suppression of Corruption 1999 and amended Section 123/1 And Section 123/2. Later, the prosecutor filed a lawsuit. The accused was the defendant to the Criminal Court, the case of corruption and misconduct on the middle of February 2, 2022, the Criminal Court, corruption and misconduct. There was a verdict as a black case number 18/2564, the red case number 12/2565, with the judgment that the defendant was guilty under the Criminal Code, Section 149 (originally) the Organic Act on Prevention and Suppression of corruption 1999, Section 123/1, the Organic Act on Prevention and Suppression of Corruption 2018, Section 173, the actions of the defendant are offenses Many karma different To punish all karma as the crime under the Criminal Code, Section 91, the base is the official calling or accepting any other property or benefits for yourself or others. The base is a government official, calling or accepting any other property or benefit for yourself or others, and the base is the government officials use the authority illegally in order to cause damage to any person. Or practice or refrain from performing duties with corruption It is an act of karma. It is an offense against many laws. To punish as a official calling or accepting any other property or benefits for yourself or others Law The most punishable chapter under Section 90 of the Criminal Code, punished with a defendant, 5 years each, a total of 65 krathongs, imprisonment for 325 years, but when the penalty is included in every 50 years, according to the Criminal Code, Section 91 (3), the prosecutor considers that The court punished the defendant in accordance with the prosecution of the plaintiff, punished with 5 years, a total of 65 krathongs, imprisonment for 325 years, but when the penalty was included in every 50 years of imprisonment under Section 91 (3), there was no appeal. Agree should not appeal. The PACC considered on May 10, 2022, and then resolved to appeal the verdict of the Criminal Court, corruption and misconduct. According to the opinion of the prosecutor
Lust, climb the dormitory, the factory-student raped girl, 3 weeks, revealing how to choose the victim's room.|Lust, climb the dormitory, the factory-3 students in one week, revealing how to choose the victim. A room with a woman's clothes on the balcony (10 Jun 65) at 15.30 hrs. Police Colonel Chakkaphong Nuchpadung Director of Samrong Tai Police Station, Samut Prakan, Pol.Col. Along with the investigation officers jointly arrested Mr Wichaiyut or Bank, 33 years old, the arrest warrant of Samut Prakan Provincial Court 322 /2562, dated 10 June 2022. Rape others By threatening in any way by using violence, by others in a state that cannot resist With and using a pointed knife weapon And invaded into the host at night By arresting in a rental room Village No. 12, Soi Triam Udom Suksa School, Bang Hua Suea Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan Province. Came to report the complaint to the officers of Samrong Tai police station that the criminal was raped in the room With the first incident at 3:00 p.m. Of May 28, 2022 at a young woman Which works in the factory, aged 30 years, lives in a dormitory building in Bang Ya Phraek Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan. The incident occurred at 03.00 hrs. On June 1, 2022, a young woman working as a 34 -year -old factory girl, living in a dormitory in the area. Bang Ya Phraek Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District, Samut Prakan and the third case at 03.00 hrs. On 3 June 2022, a 21 -year -old bachelor's student, staying on the second floor of a condo in Bang Ya Phraek Subdistrict, Phra Pradaeng District. .Samut Prakan This time, the CCTV of the condo can clearly record the behavior of the offender. Although the offender tried to use the canvas to hide the face. Later, the investigative officers went to find news and gather evidence of CCTV. Until today, knowing the man's cause, Mr. Wichaiyut or Bank, 33 years old, therefore gathered evidence to request an arrest warrant of Samut Prakan Provincial Court. Before bringing the investigation officer to bring the arrest warrant to arrest him before detained to interrogate at Samrong Police Station, Samut Prakan, which during the detainee came to the police station. live Has attacked Mr Bank While the official was detained Mr. Bank Investigate in the investigation room Until the police officers brought each other to each other, the injured relatives left the scene of the injured woman, said that she was attacked by this accused. The night of the incident was May 28, 2018. At about three o'clock While she was sleeping Hearing a sound like someone came into the room At first I understood that he was a boyfriend. Because the girlfriend entered late at night Soon the accused was sleeping next to the bed. When he said that the man said Which at first understood that he was a boyfriend that he didn't work or doing OT or how But the accused responded that he didn't do it because of being tired. At that time he began to feel bad because of the sound heard. Not his boyfriend's voice When he took his hand to hold the hand of the accused at that time Immediately knew that it wasn't a boyfriend because my girlfriend didn't wear long -sleeved shirts. Therefore tried to find the phone to turn on the light to look at the said man But instead was forced to rape In which the criminal relies on the moment that he went to the bathroom, climbed away back to the back of the drain After the incident, he traveled to report. Until knowing that there are many victims and the police can catch Admit that I'm glad to catch this accused Because it is considered a high society. Col. Chakphong Nuch Phadung Director of the Police Station Samrong Tai Revealed that In this case, the accused is considered a danger to society. From the inquiry, the offender testified that choosing the victim, he would crawl in the dormitory to go to see the slopes before the incident. Which will observe the camera circle where there are And will look at the back of the balcony that there is a woman's clothes or men If you see that it belongs to women Will aim and choose a dormitory that can climb the balcony behind And chose to act at night at about three o'clock And at the time of the incident, the pillowcase or cloth in the injured room was closed to cover the injured person from remembering the face. But the cause of the crime until the corner of the CCTV that clearly recorded the face Until the officers were able to arrest him. Initially, the officers informed the allegations that Rape others By threatening in any way By using violence by others in a state that cannot resist With and using a pointed knife weapon And invaded into the host at night Before detaining to the investigation officer of Samrong Police Station, Samut Prakan to proceed with the legal proceedings
Catching "Vajiral Celebrities", a good-looking boy-net idolClip sexPhrae in a secret group|Arrest 29 -year -old young man on a witch After tempting a good-looking boy-Net Idol Come to have sex Clip of the secret group, preliminary group, found a hundred thousand baht revolving income today (11 June), the child of the child, women, family, family, prevention and suppression of human trafficking and fishery sectors, the Royal Thai Police. Under the supervision of Maj. Gen. Roy Ing Pairote, Deputy Commander in Chief/Director of the Center And the Central Police Headquarters Under the supervision of Maj. Gen. Jiraphop Phurdej, the Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission, ordered the investigation team to direct the Division 2, the Human Trafficking Suppression Division or the OIC arresting Mr. Nitikorn (Surname) Age 29 years on charges of human trafficking. The arrest was an extension of the month. May the past Police arrested the accused in the case of human trafficking. Which is a group of children about deceiving children or youth to film a video clip After that, the clips will be sold in a secret group to those interested. According to the inspection, many children or youth are the victims, even found that the Twitter account users are "Korn (real)", which currently has a follower of the Twitter account more than 2.9 hundred thousand. And content text About pornographic-indecent images Which saw the penis And a lot of relationships of children and themselves With a message inviting that if anyone is interested in the video clip, can apply to become a member of the secret group of the LINE application By having to pay the entrance fee, the police officers have hidden as a member to join the group From the investigation, it was found that the clip was published. While the admin has sex with many young men under 18, which is believed to be said that the said boy Has been lured Therefore helped a boy under the age of 18, who was deceived by unbeatable knowledge, the police gathered evidence. Until the Criminal Court approved an arrest warrant at 1080/2565, dated 7 June 2022 on charges of committing an offense. "Human trafficking by incorrectly utilizing from the production or dissemination of objects or pornography By doing it to children over fifteen years but less than eighteen years of age, but the minor is over fifteen years, but not more than eighteen years from parents, parents or carers to find profits or for indecency. In which the minor is willing to go too For trade purposes Or by trade For distribution or for showing to the public to produce, is it imported or also imported into the Kingdom? Export or also to export outside the Kingdom Take it or not to take or make it widespread in any way. In which the pornography of the child, jointly persuaded, promoting or allowing the child to behave inappropriate or should cause the child to be at risk of wrongdoing. And jointly used to persuade, promote, or consent to children inappropriate Or should cause children to be at risk of offenses and act with pornography in order to obtain compensation or for what? " Pol.Lt.Gen. Wiwat Khamchamnan, Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police and Col. Phatthanapong Sripin, because the director of the Royal Thai Police 2, assigned the investigation team led by Pol.Col. There is a police officer 2, the Royal Thai Police. Confessing that Is a group admin And is the owner of the Twitter account named "Korn (the real) and the secret line. Good -looking men Or various internet idols Known through social media to have sex Which will provide compensation for 2,000-3,000 baht per time and once he has recorded the video clip Will be sold and published in a secret group that they are admin In which, he will receive a compensation for the entrance fee from 500-1,000 baht per member, which has been done for over 4 years. The police officers then sent to the investigation officers, Division 2, Human Trafficking Suppression Division. In order to prosecute the law, Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapop Phurdej, the police commander, inquiry, concerned about the victims That is the victim of the human trafficking process Because aside from the physical damage that has occurred to these children There is still a mental damage that will be deeply rooted. Affecting the future of life, therefore warning the people who may be the victims And parents who have children began to enter teenagers Observe the behavior of the children to see if the money is spending in a luxury manner or not. As well as checking the use of the online media of children to see if there is a suspicious disorder or not for those who have a child pornography in possession. Will be guilty under the Criminal Code, Section 287/1, shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding five years Or adjust not more than one hundred thousand baht Or both And if a child is passing a child Or have a part or involved in trade in pornography Pay, give or show off to the people Will be guilty under the Criminal Code, Section 287/2, shall be punished with imprisonment from three years to ten to ten years And fined from sixty thousand baht to two hundred thousand baht and warned those who thought to deceive children or youth Come to record images-video clips and publish to earn money. That such was a human trafficking offense And is an offense with a prison sentence of more than ten years to the offense once And has an age of 20 years if the people have clues Or get hotness Can inform the information at Human Trafficking Suppression Division, or call the hotline 1191 or Facebook page Human Trafficking Suppression Division "Be a professional with modern technology. Restore human value People can rely on. "Contact for more information at Police Lieutenant Colonel Pathomphong Meesa, Inspector, Division 2, Human Trafficking Suppression Division: 097-191-7447
Supervise the brutal soldiers to kill the water. Teacher NingLeave the military courtReferred to, nothing to say to the deceased|The police detained a brutal soldier to kill the teacher Ning. -Referred to, nothing to say to the deceased, progress Surin, Surin, 38 years old, soldier, Kaeng Krachan Special Training Camp, accused of killing the corpse of Teacher Ning Krok, 40 years old, Chumphon province After the police were able to arrest the accused and point to the camouflage point in the middle of the night (on June 9), the body was killed in a cruelly killed. The body of Teacher Ning was killed with a brick in the house of the accused in the area of Village No. 1, Don Yang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Phetchaburi Province. Today (11 June) at 08.40 hrs. Kaeng Krachan Bring the accused to be locked up to the Army Court. 15, between the police, brought the accused in the car to deposit. Reporters tried to inquire about the cause of the incident, why did they do it? / Caused by an argument about jealousy or not wanting to tell anything to the deceased or the relatives of the deceased or not. In a drunken state or not / is it worried or stressed? The accused tried to bring the luggage and the objective of the face and stated only a briefly stating that "none" before getting in the police vehicle to the Court of Thailand. It is reported that at 13.30 hrs. There will be a statement about the case, led by Maj. Gen. Thanayut. Wutthathit Thamrong, Commander in Chief 7, together with the faculty at the front of the Phetchaburi Provincial Police Office
Accelerate the expansion of the military killing cases "Teacher Ning" after the accused claimed to kill because of jealousy.|Commander in Chief 7 led the Phetchaburi police station to announce the arrest of "Sor." Kill the water "Teacher Ning" is not clear as a real soldier or falsely claiming. Ordered to expand the cause of the cause or not, Pol. Maj. Gen. Thanayut Wutti Rusthamarong, Commander in Chief 7, along with Maj. Gen. Uthai Kwindechathorn, Ph.D., Phetchaburi Province, and the group joined the arrest of Surin or Tik, aged 38. Year of the Gang Krachan Special Training Camp The accused of the murder to disguise the body of Teacher Ning Krakhok, 40 years old, Chumphon province, due to on June 1, 65, Mr. Wet, 70 years old, came to Kaeng Krachan Police Station. Which is serving at Kaeng Krachan District Office Disappeared with Doyota Car, registration number 9114, Phet Buri, unable to contact from May 26, 65, police officers Kaeng Krachan Police Station Therefore collaborated with the police Division with the Phetchaburi Provincial Police Investigation Investigate and follow the news. Later, on June 9, the police investigated the news until able to follow the Toyota brand car, or not the license plate. Which is a car of Teacher Ning at Village No. 2, Tha Yang Subdistrict, Tha Yang District, Phetchaburi Province, in which the accused Pledged on May 27 at the price of 90,000 baht. According to the investigation, the accused There is intimacy with Teacher Ning. It is believed that the accused was the culprit. The police then gathered evidence to submit a petition to the court on June 10 to request an arrest warrant for the killing of others intentionally / hidden, moving or destroying the body or the body to conceal the death or cause of death. From the preliminary inquiry, the person admitted that on May 27 at approximately 01.00 hrs. Teacher Ning at the guesthouse And argued and cursed with rude words and cursing to parents Therefore squeezed his neck until unconscious And supported the car of Teacher Ning and then took to their farm, which is at Don Yang Village, Village No. 1, Don Yang Subdistrict, Mueang Phetchaburi District, Phetchaburi Province and leave the body of Into the pool in the said farm For the middle of the case that the police brought Consisting of Ning's car that does not attach to the license plate Including other belongings used in the incident, such as bricks, steel, tweezers, cars, etc. As for the history of the accused, the accused was not found. Has anyone joined the crime? But the evidence is now indicating that the cause of the incident, but it is worth noting that more than 50 kilograms of heavy belongings can be hidden alone or not. As for the cause of the killing, the test must be added that the true cause is from Because of an argument From jealousy It was only the claim of the accused, but only when asked whether after the accused took the car to pledge, or the third party came back or not. Pol.Lt.Gen. Thanayut thanked the media for observing this issue, then continued to investigate. And if the investigation has been investigated that the pledge garage is involved, it will also prosecute. At the same time, the reporter observed that this case is a soldier The Provincial Police Commissioner Region 7 immediately stated that he was investigating. We can't blame him, maybe you can impersonate. When asked to emphasize that if he has not examined it as a soldier And in the past morning, the accused was taken to the military court. Army Commissioner 15, Region 7 Police Commissioner, said that in the investigation process Although it is confirmed that it will proceed with the scope of the law. Maj. Gen. Uthai said that in the process of investigation Including when going to point The accused cooperated very well. There is no attitude or stress in any way. Confirm that it will be fair to the deceased and the family of the deceased fairly.
Detained a lustful prison to the courtAfter patrolling the dormitoryThe victim gradually appeared.|From the case of Mr. Wichaiyut or Bank Sukkarn, 33 years old, Bang Ya Phraek Subdistrict Phra Pradaeng District Samut Prakan Province Causing the climbing to climb the back of the dormitory by going up and down the drain of the back of the dormitory In order to invade the rape, the girl who lived in the room alone In which many incidents have been around, there are 4-5 victims, which will crawl in the area Bang Ya Phraek Subdistrict Phra Pradaeng District Samut Prakan Province There is a picture from the CCTV at the scene of the incident as evidence until the investigating officers have requested the arrest warrant of the Samut Prakan Provincial Court in the allegations / rape. Others are in a state that cannot be resistant / invading in the housing by using violence or threatening to use the violence / with weapons at night late on 11 June 2022. 1 additional investigation officer, which was attacked by Mr. Wichaiyut or Bank Sukkan, attacked and raped in the room. Before stealing the victim's property as well By this victim girl Told the minute that she was attacked by this accused On the day of the incident, he was lying in the room alone, with his girlfriend late at night at 3 am. Which the room itself is on the floor 2 Previously, he had finished work at 5:30 pm before doing housework and completed a personal mission, he would sleep at 2 am until he was asleep. In which the culprit came to attack his body By strangling for more than 5 minutes I therefore pretend to be unconscious. The culprit then released his hand before putting his ear into his chest. Check to see if they die or not. Before rape himself after completion Demolished the property in the room, with the culprit who got some assets In which he thought that the offender would take anything Self -surviving is enough. The boyfriend revealed that he did not think that he would encounter the said event with his own family. I can't do anything. Must have the officials to prosecute the culprit to the end. Mr Wichaiyut or Bank Sukkan, the inquiry official brought out of the prison room into the car To deliver to the Samut Prakan Provincial Court Prosecute heavy charges Ready to oppose the bail because it is a dangerous person In which Mr Wichaiyut, the culprit, said that he was only one time and apologized to the victims.
7-8 years of stigma, the girl points to the point of teaching music, forcing birds, teaching dove in grade 1|The police took a young student pointing to the famous school. After being forced by the teacher of the birds-swallowing sperm Since being a student M.1 Reporters reported that yesterday (11 June), lawyer, honor, Ton Yang or Lawyer Poong, President of the Volunteer Lawyer Club, along with Lawyer Thanida Cham Chamras or lawyer Ninu, Secretary, Mr. Kiatkun Ton Yang, Police Ek Supat Sra Prakhon, Deputy Inspector of Investigation Bang Si Mueang Police Station and Miss Nam Nai (assumed name), 21 years old, 2nd year students, famous universities in Rangsit area Traveled to point the scene in a famous school area Bang Si Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province, after the Lieutenant Thana Khun (reserved surname), music teacher Tricks to obedient since studying in grade 1, go to the room and ask to have sex But Miss Nam Nai refused, so he was forced to swallow the sperm water. If not following, will be bullied and will release the clip with the Deputy Director of the famous school. Putu the room at the scene of the incident, Miss Nam Nai (a hypothetical name) said that she gave an additional testimony from the previous time and pointing the scene at the school. At the school practice room of the school After being the news, he was happy that the case has progressed. There may be bad comments but not interested. Because he only looked at the case If he contacted him, he might be an apology. But didn't agree Confirm to prosecute to the end He was a little worried with the comments because it didn't only affect him. It also affects other victims. Some people comment on why they keep the matter for 7-8 years, but other victims have collected more than we have. Less than we have If it came out to say this easily, he wouldn't come out to speak now. Would like to help understand and sympathize At this time, there is no additional victims. Lynphon said that from the coordination of the director. Bang Si Mueang Police Station Head of the inquiry official Has coordinated with the school by you The school director has assigned the Deputy Director. Open the school to allow the younger to point out the scene. That is where it was after investigating the scene of the incident. The building was on sale on the 2nd floor of the building. It was a musical practice room. The marching band has a large room and a small room. The inquiry official gave him the scene where the incident was where the musical instrument was. At the time of the incident, where was the teacher who caused it to take a picture as evidence of the case today? I would like to thank the school director. Assigned to the secondary officer to the police and he went to see the scene For the inquiry official to have complete evidence As for the feelings of the younger today, there is a female lawyer to comfort and explain to understand that what you have to do is the right of you to be painful. In order to bring the facts to the inquiry official. The teacher committed the resignation, but the school has not yet approved The school has sent to the supervisor, namely the Nonthaburi Educational Service Area. In order for the educational area to be sent to the Ministry of Education within this week, there will be an answer to the penalty of discipline However This is not related to the discipline, is very wrong or less. The penalty of criminal cases Hope the director Bang Si Mueang Police Station The city and the inquiry officials would be fair to the younger to recover the dignity of the daughter to come back to the lawyer, Thanida or lawyer Ninu said that after yesterday, his younger brother testified to the inquiry official. Today, the inquiry official has to point out the incident to the additional testimony. The state of mind is quite bad. Would like to leave the society that we will comment on whatever, but must use important discretion. With the chest of the victim Therefore would like to comment on each other with discretion Importantly, you have the courage to claim your rights. Claiming the right to be a woman Right to claim Won the society, please have a good discretion. The progress of the case is added. We found that many victims were done by this person. Would like to leave everyone that you are the first person Is the only one who dares to claim rights Leave all the victims who want to sing their rights. And do not want this person to hurt anyone again To report the complaint to the inquiry official in the event of a victim And in order not to happen to this event
Thai husband-wifeIn Taiwan, was brutally killed, tucked into a luxurious car, repeatedly a woman who was pregnant.|Thai people kill 4 Thai people themselves, died, including twins in the stomach, leaving the body in the car on the side of the train in Taiwan. Before escaping back to Thailand Taiwan has coordinated to arrest. The Facebook page "World Forum International News" has posted a picture of a tragic incident. Thai people kill each other, conflict with 2 bodies, husband and wife, the rear of the car, BMW, and found that the 5 months pregnant woman (including 4 bodies), with the accused being a close friend to return to Thailand. The incident occurred on the 10th. June 2022, the police were informed, with a foul odor, loosening the body. The parking lot at the high -speed train station, Tao Yuan, found the SUV BMW X4, with lymph flowing out of the trunk. Investigation, found the body of a couple stuffed in the back of the car The head area is beaten with solid. The corpse has died for about 2 days. There are no signs of fighting inside the car. It is expected that the deceased was attacked from other places and put the body in the back of the car from the information of the deceased to a Thai woman. The man came from Ubon Ratchathani. The deceased woman traveled to study in Taiwan had worked as an interpreter before. And is known as an interpreter, the husband named Mr. Prasert Lab, Thai worker, called Hiark, making a box of rice, selling Thai workers in Tao Yuan factory The accused was the same house that the deceased trusted. Working as an interpreter at the construction site One place at Phu Cheng District, New Taipei City and is a debtor to borrow money from the deceased to lend Thai workers to assume that There is a conflict in the loan. Money and benefits Including business related to labor Until causing the case Murder before the incident, all 3 matches negotiated business problems on June 8, before the couple disappeared. The criminal drove to the body at 04.50 hrs. High -speed train station And hurriedly walked down the station Until the police found the body on June 10, due to the latest inspection, the male criminals fled to Thailand with Starlux flights, JX741 flights, which are coordinated from the Taiwanese police department to follow the criminals to proceed well.
Famous rapperGrab the samurai swordChase the motorcycleAfter a long time about parking|One of the boiling events in the rapper industry when the young rapper from the Whose Gang, Jaman or Sun JXHMXN, caused the incident in Phasi Charoen area. Use a samurai sword, motorcycle teeth. After a friend who rented the house together, there was a problem with The pork seller on June 9, 65, previously reported that the person and 2 other friends, one of which was the high -speed rapper (Highthot) had a problem with Pork seller In front of a convenience store About parking Pork seller Therefore called the son of a motorcycle In the said area to help clear But because Motorcycle and rappers have previously had previously had a rapper group to take the knife at home to cause motorcycle tooth. The said person was injured. Later, on June 10, 65, there were additional reports from the news team. This evening story That has entered the area to the scene As well as asking relevant people In which Aunt sells grilled pork says She had a problem with Jaman's friends who rented in the same house. The parking lot because she sells grilled pork in front of their rental house. Makes them difficult to park the sidewalk in front of the house When Aunt's daughter sells a grilled pork about That her own mother was accused of She then contacted another highthot's father (Highthot) that lived in the same house. To bring the said friend to apologize to her mother after that The man who quarrel with Aunt sells grilled pork Walked down from the house with Jaman followed down as well In which the people in that area and motorcycle win One young man told him to apologize. Aunt sells a grilled pork, but Jaman, who has a luxury gesture, has asked. Win that motorcycle, looking at the face, why Win the motorcycle told Jaman to go home. Because this is not about him. Suddenly, Jaman ran up to take the samurai sword in the house, causing a motorcycle tooth. The said person entered the right arm and leg before going home to the father of Hihot (Highhot) revealed that the crime was Jaman, and his hot son was not related to this. But admitted that the children in the rental house have really bad behavior. The latest has not yet been reported whether Jaman has been bailed or not. But initially he was detained at Bang Sao Thong police station to investigate the facts And preparing to report the charges of assault others, seriously injured Before detaining to ask for the power of the Thonburi Criminal Court to be imprisoned However, we have to wait for the referry to explain about what happened first. If there is additional progress, the Add will be reported to know.
The twin sister was killed in Taiwan revealed that the murderer grew up together.A few hours before dying. You just called.|The twin sister was killed in Taiwan and her husband revealed the murderer together. A few hours before death, the sister just called Talk about the problem of money today (13 Jun 65), Yingyot, 38 years old, the brother of Miss Potjani or Ah Mi, the pregnant woman who was killed with her husband in Taiwan. Traveled to request justice with the police, Riyawi, Boonwee, Deputy Commander of the Provincial Police Region 5, revealed that Would like the police to follow Mr. Santi The criminal who killed his sister and brother -in -law After the villagers informed that Mr Santi caused the incident to escape to Thailand and someone saw Mr. Santi at his hometown at Ban Nong Bua, Nong Bua Subdistrict, Chai Prakan District, Chiang Mai Province, but no one confirmed. Therefore want the police to investigate and follow the criminal. Mr Yingyot revealed that the sister and Mr. Santi Sanit very much because they grew up together since childhood in the same village. Before the sister took the scholarship to study in Taiwan from the age of 17 until having a family and a Taiwanese nationality Mr. Santi has just been to Taiwan 2 years ago and still detained at the sister's house before getting a job. Both of them are very close to knowing the host door code. Borrowing a gold necklace to put on and should do business together on June 8 a few hours before the incident. The sister called to consult. Said that Mr Santi said that there was a Thai worker who took him to work in Taiwan, stole the 800,000 baht and the gold weighing 15 baht. After that, the sister did not contact again. Believe that the knot that Mr. Santi killed his sister with the child in the stomach and the husband came from this matter, everyone in the family did not think that this serious incident would occur and the person who killed is still very close and relatives As well as Mr. Santi is a good person, persuading others. I don't think I can have a cruel heart like this. As for the funeral of the younger, probably performed a ceremony in Taiwan on June 16, before bringing the bones back to make merit at home according to tradition, there were reports that this afternoon, the Crime Suppression Division, with the investigation team, Chai Prakarn Police Station to the new area of Nong Bua. To follow up and arrest Mr. Santi, including finding other clues In the village
The last clue "Santi" killed the brutal spouse in Taiwan.Fly back home in Chiang MaiBefore driving lost|The last clue "Santi or Mr. Yang" killed the brutal husband-the wife of the twin, tucked in the back of the car in Taiwan. Fly back home in Chiang Mai after the incident Before driving Volvo disappeared (12 Jun 65) Taiwan local news agency Reports of the tragic eve of Thai husband and wife were murdered in the rear of the BMWX4 white luxury SUV in the parking lot in front of a high -speed train station, Ven Yuan, No. 26, Yan Soo Road, Rub Chi District. The city of Xin Pei in the west of Taipei Both corpses found many wounds on the head and body. Was attacked many times with a steel bar And found that the body of a woman is pregnant for about 5 months. Initially, the suspect committed a cruel killing case as a Thai business partner And escaped to Thailand since June 9, the Taiwanese police are coordinated with the Thai authorities from the investigation. The murder of the horror occurred in the middle of the night on June 8, the dead and all 3 suspects met at the Cheng District worker's residence in New Taipei. Before arguing about money Causing Mr Yang to kill the two husband and wife Bring the body to the back of a private car, BMW, the white color of the deceased, parked at the said point. Later, the police were informed by the family that the victim had disappeared, not returning home until the body of a Taiwanese police inspected the CCTV. Found that at 22.15 hrs. On June 8, found the dead as a woman. Walking only one person on the road, Dubing District, New Taipei City, expected to be close to the killing point. Another picture of the parking area in front of the high -speed train station Found Mr Yang driving 2 spouses to park at 04.50 hrs. On June 9, then get out of the car and walk away on the same day. At 10.10 hrs. By Starlux Airlines at JX741 to Suvarnabhumi Airport, Thailand at 12.44 hrs. (13 Jun 65) this afternoon Reporters go home Village No. 4, Nong Chom Subdistrict, San Sai District, Chiang Mai Province, which is a house in a famous luxury village and is the residence of Mr. Santi's house or Mr. Yang, 35 years old, the suspect in the killing case in Taiwan. In this house, there are two father and brother -in -law, including the children of Mr. Santi. At approximately 6:00 pm Mr Santi traveled to Chiang Mai Airport and took a van from the airport to the house. Upon arrival, he grew up. Hello. Said that I miss my child But didn't tell anything and didn't notice that there was any stress or not Mr Santi took only a moment at home before bringing his father's versatile vehicle immediately. Without saying where to go After that, he didn't contact each other again. Mr. Son's brother -in -law said that everyone in the family came to know later about the news. Causing everyone to be shocked and worried Personally, I don't know how much of the peaceful person. Because he had just come to this house for about 1 year and in the past, I rarely met Mr. Santi In which this house belongs to the father of Mr. Santi who has bought and lived for almost 20 years
Invaded "Belle 1,000", the leader of a multinational gun dealerCirculation of 150 million|According to the policy of Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, Commander in Chief, arresting a group of firearms Which is part of the crime cause That causes the loss of the people in the latest society today (13 June), Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapop Phurdej, Commander in Chief, Maj. Gen. Montri Thakhan Along with the Central Investigation Officer (CIB), then arrested Mr Danupon or Belle Former assistant headman Chon Buri province, from the investigation, found that Mr. Danupon is an important factor in smuggling firearms. By lobbying to benefit the officers to issue the 3rd grade in Chonburi and Kanchanaburi province, with the villagers being put on personal documents to put the right to buy firearms, then the said gun Delivered to neighboring countries It was found that 2 thousand guns have been purchased, with a revolving money of 150 million baht, able to capture 4 groups of 16 groups, which the firearm Will be brought into various crime Both in the country and abroad Causing a lot of damage to life, property for society Consisting of Maj. Gen. Jirapop said that previously received an order from Pol.Gen. For this network clearance operation Due to the year 2020, the police officer arrested a network of multinational firearms. And the owner of the firearm In Chiang Rai Province Nong Khai Province Able to catch traders and possessors, including many firearms After investigating the garden, found the origin of all the guns. In which the firearm that can be seized Dozens of royal welfare guns With a license to grade 3, mostly found a license from Si Racha District, Chon Buri and Sai Yok District, Kanchanaburi Province, Crime Suppression Division Has continuously expanded the investigation Until the important factor was Mr. Danupon or Bel, a former assistant village headman in Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province Will contact government officials Various volunteers Including the district drug suppression set To bring all the names to the district To issue a license to have a gun (Primary 3) to buy a royal welfare gun In which Mr Bel will lobby to benefit the sheriff And officials who issued the 3rd grade in Chonburi, including the former sheriff in Kanchanaburi province, after receiving the gun, will be collected and sold to the capitalists, neighboring countries that are regularly fighting. From the hundreds to thousands. For "1,000 Belle", it had been by the Department of Provincial Administration. Ministry of Interior Set up a committee to investigate in 2018 after the name is involved in the forgery of documents, wearing the right to buy many royal welfare guns. With suspicion that there will be a forgery of documents The buyer's signature by the person who didn't know about it before. Because found that some people bought many guns beyond necessary. In addition, on September 14, 64, the Chon Buri police were arrested with 46 guns.
The police died in their duties.After inspecting the quarrelWas shot by a teenager when sitting and talking to the witness|The police sword died in their duties. After inspecting the quarrel Being shot back by teenagers While talking to the witness (14 June 65) At 01.30 hrs. Police Colonel Tapadon Buapheng, Inspector, investigated Khlong Luang Police Station, was informed by the police, was shot dead while inspecting the teenager's quarrels. The scene in Soi Erawan 12, Khlong Song Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, after being notified, therefore reported to the supervisor and hurried to investigate the incident together with Police Colonel Kiatisak Mitrassat, Director of Khlong Luang Police Station, Pol. Viriya Siripakdee, Deputy Deputy Prime Minister, Police Colonel Siraphop Bualuang, Police Station, Khlong Luang Police Station Khlong Luang Police Investigation Officer, Police Department, Forensic Medicine, Thammasat Hospital, Chalermprakiet Hospital and Por Tek Tung Foundation at the scene of the incident, approximately 30 meters into the alley. Meet the rescuers of Tha Khong Municipality during saving life. Sword, Anan Or Suwan Police, Commander of the Prevention and Suppression of the Khlong Luang Police Station (Voraphon Khlong Song), aged 48 years, who was shot with unknown guns at the occiput of the forehead, before requesting the car of Thammasat Hospital. Support the scene But the ammunition was died of the important organs in the police uniform from the inspection thoroughly. Inside the alley, the table tennis bomb was scattered in many points. At the banks of the canal, the west of the west, which is approximately 60-70 meters away from the scene, found a shell of the. 380 mm. Falling on the road, the officer was stored as evidence to inspect Mr. Saen Sak. (Reserved surname), 43 years old, the witness at the scene of the incident Previously, a teenager came in to penetrate the table tennis. And using firearms to threatening Therefore informed the police to inspect, with the call in 191 and Khlong Luang police station, which before the police officers arrived at the scene The group of teenagers The motorcycle has escaped. The police officers who died were discussed and asked the villagers in the alley and sat in a squatting on the street to talk. After that, there was a teenager opposite the canal on the west. Shot a firearm across the canal several shots. Before the sword of the police Oh, Suwan will fall down to the ground. Self and relatives in the event therefore tried to call it Kom Kom. The ammunition was rushed to the head, so hurried to coordinate the police and rescue personnel to help with first aid after the incident of more than 5 teenagers. Many cars have fled to the Raphiphat Canal Road. The incident in which a group of teenagers came to shoot firearms, threatening and pounding the bomb in the alley today is the day. 3 then that teenagers entered the alley In which he knew that a group of teenagers who were married, the criminal at the end of the alley, with a fellow police officer traveling to support the scene and was in sadness, Pol.Col. that Police officers were informed that a group of teenagers had caused chaos in Soi Erawan. 12 The police officers then came to investigate and found that teenagers have already separated, so they had to sit and talk to the villagers who were notified. After that, there was a bullet from a teenager who expected to drive the motorcycle back. Shot from the bank across the canal The ammunition got into the head of the police sword that inspected until death. In this regard, the investigation officers recorded the scene as evidence. As well as examining the preliminary events Before the police officers in the investigation team expedite the gunman Check the CCTV images along the route that the criminal is expected to drive through. As for the funeral to the foundation Delivered and proven Forensic Science Council Thammasat Hospital Chalermprakiet To find the true cause of death
Jo riding a motorcycle, drawing a sword, chasing the teethShort studentThe villagers were crossfire.Raise your hand and ask for life.|Super! Two Jo riding the motorcycle Short students in the middle of the road The villagers were almost donated by the crossfire. Raise your hand to pay respect to the life of the CCTV installed in Soi Pornsang 6, which is the 4th Samrong Nuea intersection, Muang District, Samut Prakan Province. Which recorded the event at 18.59 hrs. Yesterday (13 June), while the villagers were driving around Have 2 teenagers That ride a motorcycle brand Honda Wave, black-red, not attached to the license plate and overlapping The rider was wearing a long -sleeved blue canvas robe. Wear cream pants Wear black slippers Wearing a full black helmet In the mobile phone, the sword is about 80 centimeters long. As for the stacked person, wearing a long -sleeved white robe Wearing a black pants Black slippers Wearing a full white helmet In the mobile phone, 80 centimeters long sword Turning left into the entrance of the alley before the person sitting in the end will jump down to use, there are 4 teeth chasing teeth. That drives 2 motorcycles and overlapping cars Which is driving the opposite direction by the first red car The second car is also red, with all 4 short -sleeved students riding a motorcycle. The first car escaped left, overtaking a sedan. The second car broke until he collided with the motorcycle of the villagers riding. Until the car of the villagers fell As for the short -sleeved school car, overtaking the right car away And the villagers who fell into the group of teenagers followed to lift the knife to teeth Until the said villagers had to raise their hands and say that they were not related Before the two teenagers rode motorcycles, chase after the short legs.
The court ordered the 20 -year imprisonment. "Captain Boy" the gun killed himself to pay 7.2 hundred thousand baht.|The court ordered the 20 -year imprisonment. "Captain Boy" the gun kill "Simula", his wife and compensation of 7.2 hundred thousand baht today (15 June) at 08:30 hrs. At the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road, former Police Lieutenant Songklad Bunsong, or "Captain Boy", the defendant in the case of killing his wife, along with the lawyer traveled to the court to hear the judgment of the killing of others. In the Black Black Number. A. 2325/2563, at the prosecutor, the Criminal Case Office 9, is the plaintiff sued Police Lieutenant Song Klad Bunsong or "Captain Boy", 31 years old. Is a defendant in the offense of killing others with the intention. For this case, the plaintiff's prosecutor stated that on June 20, 2020 at night before noon. The defendant intended to kill others using a .45 short pistol. Registration number Kor. 54289016, which is a firearm of the defendant. Press to the head of Ms. Pimchadaporn or Nong Nim, 30 years old, his wife, who does not register marriage. To intimidate by the defendant, it can be seen that if the bullet fired will cause the deceased to die. Therefore causing the hands of the deceased to be hit by the firearm and caused 1 firearm to be fired in the head of Ms. Pimchadaporn to death The incident occurred within the townhouse. Happy Land Road, Khlong Chan Subdistrict, Bang Kapi District, Bangkok, asking to punish the defendant's offense, killing others intentionally According to the Criminal Code, Section 288. In this case, the defendant rejected the case and received bail. In which the court estimated the insurance price of 500,000 baht, the reporter reported that When the court time to consider the evidence of the parties And saw that the defendant committed an offense under Section 288 of the Criminal Code, charged with killing others to punish the defendant 20 years to compensate 720,000 baht.
Collecting a young student attacking a 4 year old childI was suspicious because I came to dream.|Gathering young students in the 3rd year of the 4 -year -old child, extinguished the father, heartbroken, not knowing the child dead until burned. I was suspicious because I came to dream (16 Jun 65) Maj. Gen. Triarong Duenphan, Deputy Commander in Chief of Staff, along with Col. Parinya Yellow Uthai, Director of Bang Phlat Police Station Bringing the investigation force to detain Mr. Paswee, 20 years old, the 3rd year student of the Faculty of Education, after becoming the accused of assault. The incident occurred in a dormitory in Soi Charan Sanitwong 57, Bang Bamru Subdistrict, Bang Phlat District, Bangkok. Since May 24, this arrest was due to the 14th of June. (Suppose), 21 years old, a true father of the father of the deceased. Rocked the information that broke up with Ms. Nok (a hypothetical name), 21 years old. Who is an illegitimate wife and a mother of the child since October 2021. After that, Miss Nok took her child to escape, unable to contact, even though Mr Lang tried to call the former wife. To contact us how to be like Did not accept the call until the beginning of June. Mr. Lang dreamed of seeing a son to play with almost every day Until Saturday night, June 11, Mr. Nat, came to a strange dream, coming and turned his back, refusing to talk, causing Mr. Lang to feel suspicious, so tried to call to contact N. S. Nok is more frequent until Ms. Nok Chad Line responded to admit that Mr. Nat died because of the food stuck on the neck since May 27 and cremation at Ruak Bang Bam Ru Temple. Since May 28, Mr. Lang Unbelievable Because he also knew the information that the ex -wife had a relationship with Mr Paswee at the dormitory in Soi Charan Sanitwong 57 for about 2 months and then tried to contact to inquire at Vachira Hospital Received important information that Mr. Nat has injuries similar to being assaulted. Came to the hospital since May 24, even unable to endure the wound Died on May 27. Initially, a mother came to pick up the body. The doctor's autopsy states that Mr. Nat died because "Many torn intestines and complications from the small intestine injection from being attacked." In addition There are still ribs and the body have bruises. Which the hospital staff Introduced to mothers Proceed to report to the inquiry official But ultimately, Ms. Nok brought his son to the cremation. At Wat Ruak Bang Bamru, on May 28, as soon as Mr. Lang brought to consult with the Pawina Foundation There was a journey to report the journal at Samsen Police Station and coordinated with the investigative staff of Bang Phlat Police Station. The dormitory, which is the scene of the incident Until knowing the fact that on the day of the incident, Mr Paswee lived with only 2 dead in the room, while the mother went out to do errands outside. Until the evidence was the audio clip. Combined with the autopsy of the doctor to consider Until becoming the origin of the journey to detain Mr. Paswee to report the charges Even in the beginning, Mr. Paswee will give rejection. But the police are confident in the witness and evidence tightly. Able to condone this stepfather for sure Pol.Lt.Gen. Triarong revealed that the arrest was now reported to assault with others, causing death to Mr. Paswee first and will be sent to be imprisoned at the Taling Chan Criminal Court. During the same day As for those involved with other children, if the expansion has evidence to Must also be prosecuted
Mother shocked looking for a stinking tree.Found the body of the child being killedExpect the Skill fans|The body of a 31 -year -old man was wrapped in a blanket in the storage room. Mother expects the Norwegian boyfriend who has been dating for 6-7 months (15 June 5) at 16.30 hrs. Was informed that the lady LGBTQ+ was murdered Inside the house number 107, Village No. 11, Kang Ann Subdistrict, Prasat District, Surin Province, then brought the force to the scene. Meet the villagers waiting to see the events on the roadside in front of the house where many scenes occurred. Found that the body was wrapped in thick blankets With legs coming out, the foul rotten, with a foul odor Expected to have died for more than 1 week. Know the name of the deceased. Is Mr Theerapong, 31 years old, from asking for information from Mrs. Wandee, aged 47, who is a mother who has a neighboring neighbor, saying that it smells like a dead animal. Therefore rushed to notify the Sawang Chanya Dharma Rescue Unit, Prasat Rot District, went to inspect Found traces and hair scraps and blood stains in front of the storage room Therefore opened the door to see the body was killed and covered with the blanket He is in a relationship with a foreigner. Should be arguing about jealousy And assault They are not at home together. Saw him the latest on May 22, last month Westerners will wait to send their children. Told him to come to the party 2-5 o'clock. That day, foreigners greeted LINE How much money you need Mother said that he wanted 20,000 before the next week, he would have his father 4,000 pay the car. He was drunk. Then said that Gotho mother came back and disappeared since that day. Until someone found the body until the police officer then informed Col. Piyaphong Phrombut, Director of the Proof Surin province with The probation officer Surin province and doctors on duty, Parasat Hospital inspected the autopsy. To collect various evidence Initially predicted that it was a murder to disguise the body of a foreign man. Still unknown That are in a relationship and disappear. Currently, the police investigated. To find an incentive in murder And hunting the murderer to prosecute according to the law of the friends of the deceased in the same village, knowing that Mr Theerapong, 31, was just dating a foreigner Know that it is a Russian man But working in Norway I don't know what the name is. Dating 6-7 months By meeting in Phuket This Russian boy The month of the way to Mr Theerapong's house At Prasat District 2 times First time in the month January 2022, but didn't bring it into the house. See you at the hotel. And last month May 65 ago Brought the Russian man into the house and at the end of May 65, then departed from the house In which the villagers believe that Mr Theerapong went back with no one to care until a neighbor smelled the body today and told her mother. Can smell Like a rotten animal The mother then walked to find it until the smell came out of the storage room. At the back of the house, he informed the Sawang Dharma Rescue Volunteer. The Prasat District came to investigate and found that the body of Mr Theerapong prove the evidence of the Surin Provincial Police in detail. For more than three weeks by killing at the big house bedroom Since the latter, May 22, 2018, who came to eat at home After that, quarreling and killing in the bedroom for many days in the bedroom. And brought the dead body wrapped in a blanket And brought the body down from the bedroom Imported In the storage room behind the house And locked the key Then climbed through the window Then escaped to Phuket The escape period should be at the end of the month. May 65, the dead body should be killed for three weeks. However, must investigate to find the true cause.
The Crime Suppression Division killed the Thai spouse in Taiwan.|Crime Suppression Division In the process of bringing the accused to kill 2 Thai husband and wife in Taiwan. From Chiang Mai sent to the Crime Suppression Division, the Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police prepares to make a press conference. In this afternoon, the progress of the case of killing 2 husbands and wives in the area, a total of 4 people in Taiwan and fled into the area. The latest Chiang Mai today (17 June), the father, the accused, brought his son to ask to surrender to the police. Before bringing the plane straight into the Don Mueang Police Agency to take the interrogation at the Crime Suppression Division Which is currently traveling It is expected that the accused will arrive at the Crime Suppression Division not more than 13.00 hrs. Pol.Gen.
My heart broke the second girl, being hit by a foreigner, hitting the head of the head to death. "Why do our children this much?"|Yesterday (16 June 65) reported the atmosphere of the metaphysics chanting, Mr Theerapong, 31, a second girl who was killed by a foreign boyfriend in the house for many weeks in Kang Ann area, Prasat District, Surin Province. With the condition of the body being hit by the head Expected to be hit by a bottle until death Due to finding a broken bottle scattered at the scene Before the foreigners were about 30 years old, who came to live together at the house after the incident about 1 week before disappearing in the middle of the night of May 27, 65, while the Pitbull dog Of the deceased disappeared by 1 before finding the dead body on June 15, 65. After that, the police inspected the closed circuit. Meet Western fans bringing a saloon from Ubon Ratchathani province, parked at the Transport Company, Prasat, before taking the Rayong tour bus after the incident. The car, the police have informed the owner of the rental car back before the Pattaya police can detain the suspect. In Pattaya, Chonburi last night And in the process of bringing back to investigate In Surin Province The scene of the incident To find evidence of the investigation Proceed with legal proceedings by the atmosphere in the funeral held at the home of the deceased mother. Next to the house found the body It was with the grief of the relatives. The friends who attended the event and the most regretted were the mother and father of the deceased because the deceased was the pillar of the family. While the villagers were criticized about the cruel events that occurred And happy that the police were able to detain the suspect quickly The family will have cremation, Mr. Theerapong on Sunday 19 June 65 at the temple in the village, which the deceased mother said that the police have now arrested foreign fans. But still do not admit that he is doing But found 2 phones of the children who took If you can ask for forgiveness But he and his relatives did not ask for forgiveness. He wants to ask why they can do with their children to this extent. Why? What is the reason for using the bottle to hurt the child until the head is all messy? In the past, there has never been a omen that the incident will be really cruel. The day of the incident was May 26. They went to eat at a shop. In the castle district and know that there are quarrels Then come home first But didn't bring his child back By allowing friends to bring back to 5-6 throwing. To the point of acting Then was quiet And in the afternoon, May 27, he bought a beer to sit and eat at the mother's house. Like being cut by a glass Asked what it was Received an answer that was caused by dogs Which we were not suspicious. And left the house around 2 am on May 28, before that, before drinking beer at the mother's house, about 9 pm, then asked to go home. Knowing that he had drove out of the house to the Castle. After that, walked to buy a ticket. Which he saw from the closed circuit that the police gave Confirm that it was the real culprit. Bought a ticket to Rayong but appeared in Pattaya Until the police caught The house where his children live is completely and the children are highly private people. Do not like anyone to be busy in the house Aside from having any business, only call The deceased is considered the pillar of the family. The moment he found the body of his child. Confident that the person who does it is definitely Because finally seeing foreign fans who are together And found that this foreigner is in many countries. And is an old soldier. If asking for forgiveness, the body would like to ask the most. Why do our children? Why is the water of the deceased 44 years old, revealing that normally the grandchildren are good -natured, love, love parents, feel depressed, do not think that grandchildren will be hit like this He was the first person who found the body. When he saw it very shocked To see the body was the day before, the mother came to see him, said that he couldn't contact the child. And asked him to call his daughter's girlfriend In order to ask why you can't contact your daughter When calling to ask his girlfriend, he said that he was drunk. So I couldn't sleep. So in the morning he came to see his mother at home but couldn't meet. In the evening, we went to the grandchild's house with his mother. When entering the house, opened, it was shocked and saw the duvet wrapped. And with a foul odor coming out very strong He looked at the legs emerged one side. He was shocked and ran out first. Would like the offender to be punished by he had made it for what to do with our grandchildren Because it's very cruel Glad that the police have captured him very quickly. At least his mother will be comfortable. As for the tracking of the suspects of the police. Most recently, there was a detained Mr. Marius Kunickas. Lithuania, 31, a foreign girlfriend of the deceased. While fleeing in Pattaya By the police officers to solve the case Has been investigated by GPS data on the victim's phone Until can know the address in Pattaya And coordinated with Pattaya Police Can be detained and brought to the Royal Thai Police Before sending back to investigate the cause and the incident at Prasat Police Station, Surin Province, the area of the incident by detaining the journey Prasat police station since last night at around 2 am and today will be interrogated. And have to find an interpreter to translate Russian as well Whether to confess or not After that, if the confession Waiting for the DNA results before issuing an arrest warrant to detain the confession plan.
Amphetamine merchants were arrested.CryingAfraid that no one takes care of the mother until the officer is annoyed, telling him to stop when doing|On June 17, Mr. Phu Met Krai Thong together with Mr. Wirat Dej Boonruang Khao, Permanent Secretary, Head of Security, Mueang Krabi District Together with the officers jointly detained Mr. Siriphong, 38 years old, people of Khao Ro Subdistrict, Thung Song District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province Inside a house and found a number of amphetamines After that he was investigated and admitted that amphetamine was hidden in the forest beside the house. Officials then brought him to discover more than 4 thousand amphetamines. During the detainee, the hidden point of the middle of Mr. Siriphong always cried to tearfully. And various reminiscences to ask for sympathy from the staff to escape from the arrest and prosecution By claiming that he had to raise the old mother If he was prosecuted Afraid that no one would take care He had to tie his neck and dead. Ask him to go out to take care of his mother. Now, disabled, sitting, having a wheelchair Until the officers were annoyed and told Mr Siriphong that others could take care of When doing wrong, do not think And what to do now is to cooperate with the staff to point the hidden point before expanding the arrest. Officials brought him to investigate and expand the results. To Mr. Siriphong Which is a cousin In which officials have lured to buy And can follow and arrest in the area In which the officers lured to buy while Mr Siriphong ran away to hide the place without the number In the boundary area between Wang Wiset District and Village No. 4, Bang Kung Subdistrict, Huai Yot District, Trang Province, the arresting officers revealed that for Mr. Siriphong Had been arrested in a drug case last year But under bail And the court made an appointment to listen to the verdict today Before being arrested again As for Mr. Sarawut Is a cousin And in the same network of methamphetamine trade By receiving a methamphetamine of 15 baht per tablet To sell to teenagers in Krabi and Trang provinces at a price of 50 baht per tablet
French tearsSwipe and kill the house fansRevealing another angle different from the dead motherLike a different movie|The foreigner refused to kill his girlfriend. LGBTQ+wondering the dead mother and another old man Repeatedly waiting and always loved the dead Foreign family knew that he was arrested in the case of the body of Mr Theerapong, 31, LGBTQ+ the murder was wrapped in a thick blanket, disguising the body in the house, Kang Ann Subdistrict, Prasat District, Surin Province, died 3 weeks. Came to the police to arrest Mr Malius Lithuania In Chonburi province As proposed to the latest today (17 June), reporters reported that Mr Malius, Lithuania, 31, a foreign girlfriend of the deceased Was detained to investigate the cause and knot. The incident at Prasat Police Station, Surin Province Since last night, at about 2 am and today brought the foreigners Enter the information technology center room The Castle Police Station operation center for serious interrogation. And must use 2 interpreters to help translate the language as well After about 13.00 hrs, the police brought foreigners to eat in the Castle police officer after the morning detained for a physical examination at Parasat Hospital then at 13.45 hrs. Police officers have given the media the opportunity to inquire about the facts with foreigners. With an interpreter to inquire and translate the basic language. Mr. Malius denied that he did not do the dog. Still in the cage at the deceased house The sedan that is parked at The Transport Company is the name of the deceased to rent and the deceased had to take it back and also said that JJ had to go back to Pattaya first and then followed. Because he had to meet someone. In fact, he was scheduled to travel back to the country But JJ, wait Therefore haven't returned yet As for the reason for taking the phone Because JJ has 2 because the other phone has a problem, so take 1 repair, while the money pressed from the ATM does not remember how many baht. And the day of returning to Pattaya He can't remember the date. As for the wounds that the dead mother stated that he found a blood stain in the leg from the glass. It's just a scar that is scratched. For the blood that is found The cause is caused by his own nosebleed when asked if you didn't do that. Wondered. Because the deceased has a problem Because the deceased mother likes to sell things in JJ's house And borrow money to ask for JJ In addition, the house often has robbers to steal things, and Jay's father often warns him. There are often problems with his mother. They did not quarrel. He is still waiting for JJ in Pattaya. I felt sorry that JJ JJ died. And love JJ very much While her own family, mother is seriously ill, the brother knows the matter but does not know whether or not. Foreigners said with tears. The police will continue the interrogation. Along with collecting relevant evidence And waiting for the DNA test results Forensic evidence In order to tie the true offender today Although the accused will reject the reporter, the reporter added that the latest female dog was found about 5 years old. Director of the Medical Service Center, Prasat, Abbot, Sokvanaram Temple, Prasat District, is the culture. After finding a good citizen Facebook Facebook Post a picture of a dog to find the owner. After finding it was left at Nong Kang Ann Park, which the dog The abbot named the new "Kat" because he likes to play with cats. And from the first aggressive habits Began to not fierce and aggressive Plus Luang Pho Obey the order of Luang Pho and like to follow Luang Pho very much as well. It is a very impressive image for the audience. Director of the Medical Service Center, Prasat, Abbot, Sokvanaram Temple, Prasat District, said that I saw a teacher on Facebook announced the owner. Was left at Nong Kang Ann Public swamp, Prasat District, saw that the dog fierce Therefore brought it to me first And on Facebook announced the owner again I haven't seen the owner yet. Therefore raised until today and very attached to Therefore named 3-4 new names, he didn't care So try to call Cat because I like to tease the cat When calling the name, he would like Therefore give the name of the cat straight away Very addicted to Reverend Father Used to run along the car That went out to invite Lost the elder at the temple, must run along Someone contacted to ask to raise When he came to see the Reverend Father very much He didn't take it before knowing that there was a murder. The mother of the deceased is uncomfortable. Coordinated to the temple The child has disappeared for a long time. Therefore want Luang Pho to perform the exorcise ceremony for peace of mind Therefore promised that the other day will be made for the ceremony after talking on the phone shortly The same day, the mother of the deceased knew the murder. And called to say that he was no longer held the Horoscope Will organize the funeral instead Shows that the deceased would inspire the mother to come to Luang Pho and see the body As for Western dogs, they would probably take it in the cage, but it would be a burden to escape.
Customs gather foreign gangsTucked in Thailand worth more than 50 million.|On 17 June 65, Mr. Chaiyut Khamkhun, Advisor to the Customs Control System as a spokesman for the Customs Department, revealed that Thailand is currently opening the country for tourists to travel more. The Customs Department is therefore strict in drug interception. Which may be smuggled into Thailand. According to the risk of the risk of entering the entrance with the relevant agencies Detected foreign passengers Smuggling drugs into the country Pass Suvarnabhumi Airport And Phuket Airport Arrest the accused Along with the belongings as a coca -led weight of 17.19 kilograms, worth over 51.47 million baht, Phuket Airport Customs Checkpoint Search for a 29 -year -old male suspect Traveled from Addis Ababa Ethiopia Democratic Federation To Phuket International Aircraft The gesture is suspicious. Check the luggage, no illegal items. But found to have suspicions that may be smuggled in drugs Therefore brought to Thalang Hospital, Phuket, for the X -ray Found a lot of foreign objects in the abdomen According to the investigation, the accused admitted to swallowing the drug. The inspection results were found as 115 Kachaen, total weight of 1.49 kilograms, worth 4.47 million baht. Search for 3 suspects traveling from the Federation of the Republic of Brazil. By X -ray and searching for 5 luggage, found a coca -En weight, totaling 15.70 kilograms of wrap, worth 47 million baht, hidden inside the luggage floor that was specially prepared. The appearance is a square sheet. The exterior is wrapped in black carbon paper. The inner layer is wrapped in plastic bags. Before submitting the legal proceedings The Customs Department is still determined to carry out a mission to protect society without smuggling and exporting illegal and drugs. As well as integrating with both domestic and international law enforcement departments to continue to prevent drugs to continue to punish
The game until the game!Teenagers waiting to send medicineMeet the police, passing the symptoms, unable to collect the symptomsBeing gathered in the middle of the hand|At 03.00 hrs. On 18 June 65, Pol.Col. Anan Worasart, Deputy Director of the Bang Khen Police Station, together with Pol.Col. T. Suphatthara Nuawaeng, Deputy Director of the SSO, assisted the civil service And the special patrol operation (attack), Bang Khen Police Station together to arrest Mr. Surasak, 21 years old, along with 2 bags of Ya Ketamine in a total of 20.26 grams by arresting the flea market Adjacent to the condo in Soi Phahonyothin 48, Anusawari Subdistrict, Bang Khen District, Bangkok. Due to the officers have served to inspect the area to prevent crime. Inside Soi Phahonyothin 48, a male teenager was walking in the area. The gesture is suspicious. I suspect that there are illegal items hidden. And when he saw the teenage police officers trying to escape Therefore called to stop for a search A number of ctamine was found hidden inside the cigarette envelope. In the right hand Therefore detained for investigation at Bang Khen Police Station, from the investigation, the accused testified that Bought a chemical drug from a teenager (unknown real name), about 25 years old, white skin, about 160 cm tall, a drug gang in the new Saphan Mai area Before selling to teenagers in Soi Phahonyothin 48, while he was walking to wait for the drug to the customer There are police officers coming through. Until being arrested with the belongings He worked as a cleaning employee on the BTS station, but not enough income for the cost. And just secretly selling drugs for the first time, it was arrested by the police. Initially, the arresting officers then brought the accused together with the belongings to the investigation officers of Bang Khen police station to proceed with the legal proceedings.
"Santi" confessed to kill two Thai husband and wife in Tai.Business problems|The sheriff throttled the peaceful exam all night until he agreed to confess to kill two twins. Business problems-Police detained, deposited, imprisoned, against the warranty court, dreaded escape, the investigation officer of the Crime Suppression Division, led Mr. Santi or Yang, aged 35, accused of arrest warrant for the Criminal Court. 1155/2565 dated June 14, 2022 for the offense of "Killing others intentionally" for further interrogation. Before detained, imprisoned at the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road, after surrendering to the police at Arunothai House, Chiang Dao District, Chiang Mai, on June 17, after Mr Santi Causing the murder of Ms. Potjanani or Mi, aged 35, and Mr. Prasert, 32 years old, two Thai husband and twin in the womb and bringing the dead body Put the rear of the car Parked at the Taiwan BTS station, Taiwan, occurred on June 8, before fleeing to Thailand on 9 June. And was pressured by many parties until surrendered by the inquiry official interrogated Mr. Santi Throughout the night and just brought down to the prison room last morning Without finding that a relative came to visit in any way from the interrogation throughout the night. The accused opened his mouth to accept that he was involved in the fact that two husbands had died, but denied that he was not the one to kill himself. By accepting that on his birthday, he was an appointment for two husband and wife to meet In order to clear the problem of business until there is a severe argument Therefore there are other people who clear the problem Let's kill both of them. After that, he was responsible for bringing the bodies of two husbands, wives and twins at the back of the car and drove them to the roadside before they fly back to Thailand.
Loss of crypto!Collecting a short thinking boySingle 60 baht in the middle of the city|After the incident Single attacker uses a steering gun, Gold Mall (Chomphu), Wang Burapha Phirom area In the evening of 18 June In which the criminal is a man wearing a mask, wearing glasses, not wearing a hat covering the face Entered the shop, using a gun to intimidate the shop owner Before climbing across the counter, grabbed the 5 -baht gold in the amount of 40 baht and then escaped by crossing the road back to the opposite side. And riding a motorcycle back to the King Prajadhipok Bridge. The police arrested this criminal and knew the name of Mr. Montri, 34 years old and brought him to make a confession plan last morning. With the belongings of 60 baht gold necklace, valued at 2 million baht. Initially, the accused confessed to claim that Done because of stress And loss from Bitcoin investment (Cryptocurrencies) News reports that While the police brought this criminal to make a plan The owner of the gold shop Confirm that the criminals who caused yesterday Because at the time of the accident, the shop owner was in the event, making the face of this criminal precisely. After this, the police will announce the details again at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters.
More!Peace, 2 husbands and wives in Taiwan|The police announced another 1 suspect of "Santi" joining 2 husband and wife in Taiwan. Preliminary confession But brushed to kill The deceased relatives do not believe in drug involvement. Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapop Phurdej, Commander in Chief, announced the progress. The murder of the 2 husband and wife in Taiwan later Mr Santi, 35 years old, the accused surrendered to the officer. At Chiang Dao District Chiang Mai Province Before bringing to investigate, expanding the results at the Portching Division And was detained to ask for the power of the Criminal Court Before continuing to control at the Bangkok Special Prison In the investigation The accused confessed to use the pieces of the head of both to death. After that, all 3 traveled to Thailand at the same time. By booking a plane ticket in advance after issuing an arrest warrant for 2 additional incidents as Mr. Santi's subordinates From the investigation, it was found that Mr. Samart was 33 years old and Mr Thanawat, 32 years old, the inquiry official therefore gathered evidence for the power of the Criminal Court. Issuing an arrest warrant for the killing of others, with the latest today, 19 June 65, the police officer of the 3rd Suppression Division Brought the power to follow up and arrest the accused Which can arrest the accused at In front of the house, there is no number Dong Mun Subdistrict, Nong Kung Si District, Kalasin Province, then brought to the investigation officer, Division 4, the Crime Suppression Division proceeded in accordance with the law. Maj. Gen. Jirapop said that the initial arrest of the accused confessed That he had collaborated with Mr. Santi and 1 of them, causing the steel section to beat The two husband and wife died. After that, the body took the sedan. Before fleeing back to the Kingdom And the ceiling was in the area of Kalasin and was later arrested But not a killing person Which Mr Thanawat Already told who was the one But still do not ask to reveal Maj. Gen. Jirapop Also mentioned the division of all 3 people that Mr. Santi is hiring Mr. Thanawat and Mr. can join the incident by giving a wage of 500,000 baht, but the deposit before 20,000 baht after the event of 8 June Mr. Santi returned to Thailand on the 9th day before the other 2 suspects returned on June 11 and then went to the murder. The conflict between Mr. Santi and the deceased As for the reason, it is not yet revealed. As for the other person Who still escaped the arrest of the police The police will speed up the investigation and follow up the legal proceedings as soon as asked that the accused can be arrested. Will the police be sent to Taiwan or not? Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapop said that the National Police Commissioner Has ordered and organized the team Initially, there were 6 police officers who would travel to swallow the case in Taiwan. As for the prosecution of the murder Confirm that the prosecution in Thailand As for other charges, such as camouflage, the body must be prosecuted in Taiwan. As for the deceased and the people will be involved in drugs or not Must continue to expand the results in detail. At the same time, Mr Tee's relatives of the deceased Gave the cable car to thank the police Before revealing to the media about the prosecution that he wanted to prosecute in Thailand or Taiwan That according to the legal procedure Believe that our law is sacred As for the accused, claiming that his sister is related to illegal or dark business or not. Because his sister is diligent Is a person who keeps fragrant Like helping others to make a living, not necessary. You do this because you think that there are a lot of income. For this case, the case is outside the Kingdom. The Attorney General is the authority of the investigation. Does the Attorney General have established the team? Col. Anek Tao Supaponnong, the Commander in Chief, said that the police were responsible for the investigation. When progress has been progressed, it will be brought to study at the Attorney General. I have not reported yet.
Burned. "JJ" transgender girl was killed at home.Mother would like to reserve a foreigner, waiting for the results. DNA|Burned. "JJ" transgender girl was killed at home. The mother is not astray for the foreigners of the child. Please reserve the duty all the time. Wait for the result. DNA binds the reporter about the progress of the case of the body of Mr Theerapong or JJ, 31, LGBTQ+, who was killed in the house number 107, Moo 11, Kang Ann. Prasat District, Surin Province, several weeks, with Mr. Marius, Lithuania, 32, as a suspect to kill the body. Before being detained back from the area Pattaya Police Station came to investigate at Prasat Police Station, Prasat District, Surin Province. Gave a denial That he did not kill the dead in any way Although the evidence of the testimony of the witness and the CCTV is aimed at Mr Marius as the culprit. But still rejecting and suspicious on many issues. After Mr Marius rejected the police at Prasat Police Station, coordinated the probing division in Surin province to collect the evidence of Mr. Marius. Go to check the DNA immediately. To compare with DNA in the blood Various secretions and fingerprints Inside the house of the deceased, both on the ground floor and the 2nd floor of the house, which the source confirms that Blood stains on the 2nd floor of the house have only 2 DNA. Is for the deceased and another suspect, and if the DNA test at Mr. Marius Match with the DNA found in the blood. The secretions and fingerprints on the second floor of the house and match Can believe that Mr Marius is the real villain And will be able to tie himself with forensic evidence and request the subpoena to issue an arrest warrant for Mr. Marius immediately But if Marius's DNA does not match the scene That shows that the murder of the deceased Must be someone else who is not Mr. Marius for sure The DNA test results during the inspection in the lab of Office of Evidence Surin province, while Mr Marius The suspect is still detained at the police officer, Prasat, 3 police officers. Hidden the hidden bodies and burglary, filed a deposit at the Provincial Court yesterday (18 Jun 65), the latest today (19 June 65). J, at 11.00 hrs. At Sikhwaram Temple, Kang Ann Subdistrict, Prasat District, Surin Province, with Phra Kru Kittithiraporn Director of the Medical Service Center, Prasat Ajarn Abbot, Sokvanaram Temple Is the president of the monk The atmosphere in the event is with the grief of the relatives, friends of Mr Theerapong. Who traveled to send the soul of the deceased for the last time Ready to speak and criticize and curse. About the cruelty of the murderer who killed at the same time throughout the ceremony Found that there is a female white dog, American Bully, about 5 years old, named Emma, the dog of the deceased At Phra Kru Kittithiraporn Director of the Medical Service Center, Prasat, Abbot, Sokvanaram Temple, Prasat District, is the culture. After finding a good citizen Facebook Facebook Post a picture of a dog to find the owner. Due to being left at Nong Kang Ann Park Without knowing that it was a dog of the deceased Which the said dog The abbot named the new "Kat" sitting next to Provost Kittithiraporn Throughout the cremation ceremony And looked at the crematorium of Mr Theerapong all the time, even when going up to pick up the Requiem Requiem or Cat, followed the Reverend Father up to send the owner's spirit as well. Causing those who attended the event Feeling kind and pity With the pictures seen today And all amazed by tame Intelligence and honesty to the owner of Emma Or Cat very much. Mrs. Wandee, the mother, said that he is currently worried, afraid of the case without progress. Because he still does not accept to kill Now only waiting for scientific proof To be able to judge him He was confident that he would definitely do it. Ask the DNA that the police brought to find evidence as soon as possible. People will get the karma that is done quickly. Now, he and his family must be strong and must stay. Because he was no longer dependent As for the matter that he said that his mother quarreled with JJ regularly Not true He claimed himself It depends on the accused. Then what do we quarrel with children? If the mother killed Then why would he take our children's phone? Do not ask for forgiveness at all. Will reserve the duty of karma with it as well as the final agenda Until it accepted the offense, confessing after the funeral ceremony Will make a big house Next, he will go to sleep at the big house. In order not to let the house abandoned As for the dog, stay with Luang Pho at this temple. Let Luang Pho Than raise it. Now I don't know myself. Even though he called Emma, he was still indifferent. He raised since small. Buy fifteen price Let him be with his mother at the temple here He will be comfortable.
Sergeant running like a gold shopBefore selling to another storeThe owner of the owner is brothers and sisters.|Sergeant running like a gold shop Before selling to another store The owner of the owner is brothers and sisters. Talk to delay before the police come to arrest (20 Jun 65) at 13.30 hrs. While Pol.Col. Notified of the criminal as a teenage man About 20-25 years old Wearing a long -sleeved robe with a gray hood, black pants Black mask Creamy brimmed hat And blue slippers Caused 2 baht of gold, 2 baht, worth 127,400 baht After doing it to buy gold in Yaowarat Goldsmith 2, No. 468-469-470 M.15, Nam Kong Phisan Sankit Road, Pan Don Subdistrict, Kumphawapi District, Udon Thani Province, relying on the owner of the gold shop Run away and ride a motorcycle Honda Wave 110, black-red cough, not attached to the license plate Parked beside the shop Racing fled to Ban Phan Don Intersection Before heading to Mittraphap Road Udon-Khon Kaen therefore reported to Police Colonel Pongphan, right, director of Kumphawapi Police Station, acknowledged and brought police force to prevent and suppress The police investigated the incident. Meet Miss Minnat, 53, the owner of a gold shop and the husband stood waiting to testify with the police at the store. Along with bringing the police to inspect the CCTV while the criminals came into the incident and fled After being notified by the police, the radio bite along the path that the criminal is expected to escape. The shop owner has informed the LINE to the group of gold shop operators in the area until about 14.30 hrs. The same day, Mrs. Weeraya, 50 years old, the injured sister The owner of Yaowarat Goldsmith Non Sung, No. 299/2 Village No. 11, Non Sung Co., Ltd., Non Sung Subdistrict, Mueang Udon Thani District Reported that the suspects were sold at 2 baht in the shop and there was a defect. With the belongings that are notified After being notified of the police investigation team, Kumphawapi Police Station coordinated the police investigation. And the police to prevent and suppress Non Sung Police Station inspected and detained And confessed only a short confession that it was a real runner Because he was in debt Knowing the name later, Corporat, 23 years old, is a military camp in Udon Thani province. After that, the police detained with the belongings and motorcycles. Honda brand MSX 125 Black-red, not attached to the license plate That drove the gold images that were sold After using the grandmother's motorcycle to cause the gold to run from the shop at the scene of the incident Bring to seize gold necklaces, another 1 line of gold Clothes used to wear while causing the incident and escape. Stored in a house in a military camp in Non Sung Subdistrict, Mueang Udon Thani District Before detaining to seize the motorcycle used in the front of the house Village No. 11, Chiang Mai, Chiang Mai Subdistrict, Kumphawapi District, Udon Thani Province, took to make a plan to confess at the scene. Ms Minnra, the injured person, said that the criminal made a customer to ask to see the gold in the shop. Therefore take to see two lines Then he took But the criminal asked to see two new gold lines Then try to wear a gold necklace After that, the criminal ran out of the shop with 2 baht of gold, in the amount of 2 lines. At that time, he and the husband were shocked to do anything, unable to compose, then called the police. Then he went to check the CCTV In order to see the blame and vehicle Along with the LINE reporting the incident in the entrepreneur group. After that, he learned that the criminals who came to sell gold were sold at the sister shop in front of the Non Sung Fresh Market, Non Sung Subdistrict, Mueang Udon Thani District, then told the police to investigate the police station. Kumphawa, who is checking the CCTV The police then coordinated with Non Sung police station to detain. As for him after receiving notification from his sister Hurriedly drove to inspect Found that it was a gold necklace that was competed from their shop And confirmed that he was a criminal who made a real gold running at their shop Which in the future he must be more careful He was happy that the police immediately arrested the criminal. The injured sister revealed that the criminal came to the shop at 14.30 hrs. In order to sell 2 baht gold necklace He asked where the gold necklace came from. In which the criminal said to buy in the city of Udon Thani And claiming that the fans can wear for a few days And there is a matter of money So sold it But he has been in a group of LINE, gold shop operators in the area And saw that there was a running of the gold shop Because his sister informed the group Causing him to suspect first Which the gold necklace And the criminal matches in the line And the gold necklace has not been used before And still look new, so the husband talks to delay And anat the price for a long time As for him, he went to call the older sister. In order for the sister to inform the police to arrest the police in Kumphawapi police station, coordinated with the police at Non Sung police station to arrest the criminal at the shop without fighting and resisting. When the criminal was in the shop, he didn't lock the door. But keeping talking to the criminal To wait for the police And the criminal would not think much And there is no suspicion When the police came, the criminals were still. In which the criminal talked to the police that Is a real person As for the reason that the criminal had caused the incident, he did not ask the criminal. Only the criminals said that they were in trouble for the money. Check the CCTV And see the characteristics of the criminal In which the criminal uses a Wave Bicycle wheel to wear long -sleeved shirts Wearing a hat covering the face And wear slippers According to the CCTV, the shop recorded while the incident Therefore coordinated the details in various parts of the police in order to follow the clues And arrest the criminal In which the police took about 3 hours to arrest the criminals Because the criminal brought gold to sell at the shop's shop, the owner of the shop Makes it possible to arrest the criminal. The initial cause will use the money to pay the debt And brought to make a confession plan To prosecute the law on charges "Continue running"
The vicious girl made a good citizen.Before stealing Uncle Legs with DisabledLeaving to sit and rain all night|The vicious girl made a good citizen. Before stealing the disabled uncle who came to sleep, waiting to see the doctor The screw lock the artificial leg. Leaving to sit in the rain all night (21 Jun 65) Radio Center, Sriracha Police Station was informed that a good citizen was found disabled men on a motorcycle towing beside Being hit by a villain, a girl burglary and letting the rain on the side of Sukhumvit Road Inbound Chon Buri Close to the second hand shop, Village No. 10, Bang Phra Subdistrict, Si Racha District, Chon Buri Province, therefore informing the examination line at the scene of the incident, found Mr. Boon Soms, 53 years old, the male disabled man with a left leg. The right leg is a rotten wound. There is a bandage wrapped around the left leg from under the knee down. The right neck area and the left wrist with a cloth covering the wound covering Knowing that he was a thyroid diabetes sitting on a motorcycle towing Inside the side, there is a chair for the disabled to sit on the car. From the inquiry, Mr Boon Samer informed that he lived in Pattaya to prepare a doctor at the hospital in Si Racha District. By riding a motorcycle on the side to wait to see a doctor since Monday night, June 20, which the doctor made an appointment today Which last night he lived in this motorcycle Before a woman riding a motorcycle in to inquire about where the uncle would be here and volunteered to help bring a mobile phone to charge Then came to ask for the car, which he said that he could not find The said woman helped to search. By searching in a cloth bag but took a cash of 1,500 baht and the OPPO mobile phone, including his own artificial legs By leaving yourself to stay like this all night Last night, there was a heavy rain for an hour as well. After this, the police assigned the rescue personnel to bring the disabled uncle to see the doctor at the hospital first for treatment. When finished, the uncle came to report at Sriracha Police Station, which the police will check the CCTV in the neighborhood. In order to follow this criminal to proceed according to the law
Former aged 79 teachers cried by "Ying Kai", deceived the money-15 million property lost, and claiming to know Thaksin.|"Ying Kai" creates a new legend? Former 79-year-old professor singing the sheriff's deceived money-property Total value of over 15 million, also claiming to know "Thaksin" today (22 June) at 14.00 hrs. At the Crime Suppression Division, Mr. Ekkaphop Prasert The founder of the silk page must survive. Miss Yadapa Laksanai, 79 years old (actually 81 years old), a famous school teacher, the victim, traveled to meet the investigation officer of the Crime Suppression Division. Central Police Headquarters In order to report the prosecution after being "Ying Kai", a former accused of high definition and fraud cases many years ago After the year 2021, he returned to use a trick to deceive cash. Apartments and land to mortgage Including damage by more than 15 million baht, Ms. Yadapha said that in 2016, the chicken had been deceived by more than 14 million baht. Just released the penalty out last year 2021, when coming out, Ying Kai contacted Wearing a white dress claiming to observe the precepts Taking it back is a good person. Come to ask for adopted children And told himself to move to home Women will help take care of herself. By allowing themselves to bring important documents Given to the chicken In addition, Ying Kai also referred to the high institutions. And claiming to be able to help former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra That is abroad to return to Thailand By bringing the images that the chicken was taken with the former prime minister and a photo with a cash check to pay from the former prime minister Given to Ying Chicken worth 50 million euros (about 2,000 million baht) to see, but Ying Kai claimed that it would not be taken to raise money. Because he didn't want to share money with her husband That is now divorce Therefore borrowing one's own money first Ready to say that if the former prime minister The said person returned to Thailand. Will propose to buy their own land and apartments But finally took to announce the mortgage Without knowing that the woman Kai claimed to intimidate the Black Mail to call 20 million baht from Ying Kai, Miss Yadapa said that if there is evidence, then can show And if you will report that you come out today Then can report it. In the case that the court dismissed the case that he had previously sued the woman Confirm that it is a different case. About the forgery of documents Not related to this fraud
Different movies!Female chicken, Toto, a 79 -year -old teacher accusing fraudLean the other party to ask to be a mother|Ying Kai Kai Deta, aged 79, accusing fraud Lean the parties as the side befriend to ask to be a mother, had a lawsuit, then begged him not to sue at 17.00 hrs. (22 Jun 65) at River Wine Shop, Khlong Khoi Subdistrict, Pak Kred District, Nonthaburi Province. Saranya Upapatasanti or Ying Kai has announced the opening of the matter about the incident. Mrs. Saranya said that after the news that Mrs. Yada Went to complain to the media that he deceived the property He would like to say that this matter is not true. Now, the evidence document is being granted. Including images from CCTV in their home Letter of Mrs. Yada Write all to send to the lawyer to prosecute the relevant persons that caused her damage. This story has ended for a long time. I don't say it again. As for this time, when Mrs. Yada accused her of being a deception, but why did you write a letter? I would like to be a mother and child. Please come back to stay at home too. Which he had never approached Mrs. Yada before Only Mrs. Yada, who came to herself, which every time he came home They have images from the CCTV to hold the image. There is also a picture of Yada sitting, cutting the documents in his house in 2021, with various documents and evidence. Which can be proven many things. As for the matter that she knows Yada, because before, she had sued the case with Mrs. Yada On charges of false lawsuits Mrs. Yada then came to see her to ask for mediation. Which wrote a letter sent to him that he wanted to be a mother and son His letter was kept after this will be used in prosecution. He left the media to help inspect Mrs. Yada. How he is He has a lot of lawsuits that sue other people. If he didn't win the case, he would make a complaint to the judge. Causing him to not dare to judge the case Until Mrs. Yada won many cases. In this regard, Mrs. Yada taught herself that if there was a lawsuit to sue to do this, they would win. But this matter cannot be done to him like this In which he used to complain to the police In which every police station did not receive a notification because there was no evidence When the police do not notify, the matter will be brought to the media as a big story. But it is not true in any way. Like the previous time that was done from the media in the news Until the inquiry official must report the allegations to him Human trafficking charges Which the court dismissed him But before this, the media fanfare was damaged. He never brought the matter back to the media. But this time, the media will do to him again or not. The lawyer Po said that today he has not come in a volunteer lawyer. But he came because Ying Kai used to call to consult for this matter He therefore sympathized personally. Today comes in personal name. Become a consultant for elder Kai Because elder Kai was not fair from the news that appeared in the media He therefore sympathized because of the media. Elder Kai said that it was not true. Is something that is slander He therefore listened to the documents received. It can be listened to that elder Kai was bullied by bullied, slander, and therefore asked for about 1-2 days to collect documents and evidence. Because he just acknowledged the matter today And will come to summarize again because the case has passed for many years Both the documents and the title deed will gather evidence within 2 days. The matter that is prosecuted will exercise the right to solve the allegations. As for the images that appear in various media Is that elder Kai will prosecute or not in the matter Computer Act Defamation And falsely The elder Kai will prosecute all relevant people in accordance with the law. In the law, the Computer Act is about to provide false information. Will go to see the details again Must charge about 4 charges, it will depend on the elder Kai as well. If causing Kai to be dissatisfied or damaged
Operation "Cosplay Avatar" arresting a young man, a child, taking a black mail pornVictim tie|Operations Operations "Avatar cosplay" captures a young call center Deceiving a 14 -year -old girl Plus video calling Made a stressful victim to death. Reporters reported that this morning (23 June) at 06.00 hrs. Pol. Maj. Gen. Wiwat Khamchamnan, Ph.D. Kaew, Ph.D., and the police officers. "Avatar cosplay" bringing the search warrant of the Pathum Thani Provincial Court Searching for a house within the area of Khu Khot Subdistrict, Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani Province to arrest Mr. Piyabut (Reserved surname), 27 years old, the suspect uses social media And various platforms On the internet Seek sex with children and women from the inspection found the said house. Looks like a two -story house With a gated fence When the officer arrived, Mr Piyabut was preparing to go out to work outside. The officer then showed the search warrant for permission to inspect the home. Found 1 notebook computer, mobile phone when checking the information within the image file and porn video clip. Or a lot of pornography about children Along with the subpoena to give a testimony in the said case from many other abdomen Therefore confiscated as evidence and detained for interrogation Proceed with the law for the said operation. Previously, there was a police officer, one rank, with the family. Requesting help with the way Maj. Gen. Charoon Kiat Pankaew, Commander in Chief of the PM. Which is an account account for the Discovery application And fake Twitter or an avatar to make a message to befriend before tempting to send porn pictures to exchange for money But once he got the picture, he brought the said image to intimidate the blackmail. By giving a video call Then ordered to do what he wanted in a pornographic way If refusing to follow, the said image will be published. Until causing the victim to be stressed, decided to bind suicide With a period of discussion for about 43 days after knowing about the police. Until knowing that it was Mr. Piyabut Working as a call center employee at a communication company. In addition, the investigation found that Even though the said trag But Mr. Piyabutra Instead, there is no tragic attitude or realization of his own offense. Still have such behavior as before Tempted the girls in other cosplay groups To send a porn, bare, show the secret reserve, then will record that image Then bring to find benefits for oneself Which is considered a danger to society and youth. Officials therefore speed up the search for evidence until the morning arrest and the said media reported that From the first investigation, Mr. Piyabut gave the Ministry of Education. Keep a clip of a young girl on the phone. But is a girl who has talked to each other or girlfriend, including the images that saved from various Twitter Because he likes to collect pictures of cosplay girls Did not intimidate those women in any way Before later admitted that there was a threat to the victim to release the images in various social media Actually, news reports report that From checking data within the computer Found a video clip of a young girl under the age of 15 years. From checking various applications Within the phone of the accused Evidence that is involved in making suicide victims. From the investigation guidelines Officials found that the actions of this accused caused 2 victims to decide to commit suicide. "Possessed with pornography for children to seek sexual benefits for themselves or others" under the Criminal Code, Section 287/1. Or adjust not more than one hundred thousand baht Or both According to the offense, which before delivering The investigation officer of Kor Kor Kor. 3, the Royal Thai Police, proceeded in accordance with the legal procedures.
Shock, the young teacher was stabbed, dead, karma classroom, rockets, criminals jumped away from the 2nd floor, broken legs.|Sad, ex -husband stabbed the teacher, 2 children, dead in the classroom The criminal injured his legs. After jumping away from the 2nd floor, was arrested and sent today (23 June) at about 12.55 hrs. The criminals used a knife to pierce Ms. Angkhana, 29 years old, a high school teacher. In Kang Ann Subdistrict Municipality, Prasat District, Surin Province, was stabbed in the classroom. And there are injured Which is a criminal who knows the nickname that Bo has quickly brought to the hospital to preserve the Prasat Hospital urgently School guard Did not reveal the name, said that the criminal was the husband of the teacher After parking the car entrance to the guardhouse in front of the school and asking him if this teacher is After that he took him up. With two teachers eating in front of the room, the teacher who died in the room The criminal opened the door and soon. The close teacher shouted to inspect him. During that time, Krok saw himself going in. The criminal then jumped down from the 2nd floor until the legs broke and could not escape. And found dead Therefore informed the police In which the criminal uses a knife to carry in the bag Stab the left ear With a deep wound and about 10 centimeters long. Reporters reported that the school director calls the teacher at the urgent meeting and ordering to close the school while the children gradually returned home. Have posted to intimidate the young teacher 3 days ago after the deceased caught that there were other people Until frequent quarrels And the criminal should follow to reconcile but unsuccessful Therefore causing the said trag Both of them have 2 children. Initially, knowing that the criminals followed to reconcile, but was rejected until the tragic incident occurred in a school where many students are studying. Police officers are gathering evidence. While investigating the cause of this true cause To prosecute according to the law
Sleep in prison!The court does not give insurance "Metha", the owner of Daruma.Was detained into the prison|On June 23, 2022, the court ordered not to bail Mr. Metha, 39 years old, Chairman of the Executive Committee of Daruma Suchi, the accused under the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court 1267/2565 dated 22 June 2022 on charges of joint fraud, Together with corruption Or by deceiving Imported into a computer system, which is distorted computer data Or fake, whether all or some or false computer data Which should be damaged to the people Which is not an offense of defamation under the Criminal Code And published or passed on, which is already known as false computer data by Mr Metha Arrested at Suvarnabhumi Airport After returning from the United States Along with the seizure of the belongings in the amount of 20,186 US dollars (approximately 710,000 baht), detected in the luggage of the accused while arresting. The BAAC has submitted a long -distance deposit. By opposing the bail of Mr. Metha After arresting at the airport yesterday morning (22 June) after the court ordered not to bail The police then detained immediately into the prison. Previously, Mr Metha testified that the restaurant business had been doing since 2016, but when he had experienced financial liquidity problems. Therefore decided to sell a buffet coupon for 199 baht, but the business cannot continue Therefore decided to escape to the United States And finally after seeing various news As well as being pressured from every way, so decided to come back to Thailand To fight the case
To reveal the minuteSaw a friend being stabbed in frontThe former husband confessed.Stab because of anger|From the case of a young teacher Being stabbed by his ex -husband in a school, the deceased is a high school teacher In Kang Ann Subdistrict Municipality, Prasat District, Surin Province, was stabbed in the classroom. The name of the nickname Bo is the ex -husband who came to reconcile, asking to reconcile but was unsuccessful, so the young teacher died. Before climbing and jumping from the second floor The staff quickly brought him to the hospital. Did not reveal the name, said that the criminal was the husband of the teacher After parking the car entrance to the guardhouse in front of the school And asked him if the teacher .. (the name of the deceased teacher) .. After that he took him up. With two teachers eating in front of the room, the teacher who died in the room The criminal opened the door. Mr. Kittikom Yamdee, teachers, social studies To the teacher of the deceased said that at the time of the incident, sitting working normally for a while Brought a man up to the teacher He talked for a while, he was not interested in talking for about 5 minutes and began to argue. When he turned again, he saw that he pulled the knife out. And stabbed into the female teacher Which he couldn't help Because he had a weapon, then he hurried down to inform the director to see the event Came up to see the teacher lying on the ground The culprit ran out of the room and couldn't find a way down. Before jumping down from the second floor to the ground floor causing the legs to break Therefore helping each other to detain Know that the culprit is the husband of the deceased And just divorced for about two weeks. There are 2 children. Know that men will follow and reconcile. But the woman would not reconcile too I didn't think this would happen. Everything happened very quickly. As for the body of the deceased teacher Currently, the autopsy at Prasat Hospital. After that, relatives will bring back to perform the funeral. At Ban Khan Jara, Ban Phluang Subdistrict, Prasat District, Surin Province. The reporter further reported that the director calls the teacher urgent meeting and ordering to close the school. While the children gradually returned home. Mr Bo knew the information from the news source that Have posted to intimidate the young teacher 3 days ago, and women caught that there are others until they often argue. And the criminal should follow to reconcile but unsuccessful, therefore causing the said tragic incident, with both children together for the deceased as a teacher of mathematics, while the accused confessed and reasoned that the wife did not Successfully, therefore, anger and drinking until drunk Before causing the said horror For the accused without a career Used to work, the company carried one product, but resigned for 2 months. The deceased used to work in a transportation company as well And just packed as a teacher for 1 year
Open the CCTV.The brutal husband jumped down.After stabbing the female teacher|The progress of the cruel husband stabbed the dead teacher. The school ordered to close indefinitely. The teacher is still moving. Opened a minute before the case of Ms. Angkhana or Teacher Cook, 29 years old, was stabbed by a former husband in the school, the deceased is a high school teacher. In Kang Ann Subdistrict Municipality, Prasat District, Surin Province, was stabbed in the classroom. The culprit is Mr. Woraphong or Bo, aged 26, an ex -husband who came to reconcile but was unsuccessful, so the young teacher died. Before climbing and jumping from the second floor According to the news, the latest progress today (24 June) at 10:00 am at the house of Teacher Cook, Village No. 3, Kanthan, Ban Phluang Subdistrict, Prasat District, Dr. Kittiphat. Krai Petch, Surin Provincial Education Along with the bishop Travel to mourn And laid down in front of the dead body while the Surin Provincial Justice Officer Traveled to clarify the right to claim benefits For the mother of the deceased Which will receive an initial remedy of 110,000 baht, while the teachers, students, along with relatives and friends who know the news Traveled to share condolences And make merit for the deceased uninterrupted throughout the day With a tragic atmosphere in terms of preliminary prevention measures, teachers of the said school Not revealing the name, stating that this school normally does not allow outsiders to enter With a guard to look after in front of the school But the criminal is the husband of the deceased The guard therefore allowed to enter unexpectedly that he would attack the deceased to the point of death. After this, the school must absolutely stricter and absolutely prohibiting third parties. If there is no business necessary And must have questions and inspection of various weapons In a strict example, the school is still currently closed. Waiting to clear the area first And waiting for the newly born events that have just occurred, hot and hot for a while Because the teachers and students are still in terrifying with the incident, which has a closed circuit, see the said minute after the incident clearly. Before the male teacher who was close to the body With the police gradually detained in the hospital closely, while making the plan still postponed Because the accused is still in an injury And confessing that the cause of drunkenness After reconcile, I was not successful, so the anger caused the horror. Mrs. Chalida, 53, the mother of the deceased, said that she was very sad. The grandchildren have to lack the father again. The grandchildren will always go back and forth. Used to quarrel at home many times. Broke up for 2 months and the deceased came back to live with her grandmother. Which was the person who sent it to the school and returned He is the pillar of the family. They often quarrel Until the daughter lost patience And decided to quit He came to reconcile many times. And didn't think he could do this big matter But he had intimidated before. In the morning, the family invited the monks to perform the linking ceremony. To call the souls of the deceased back home as well As for the cremation ceremony, the dead will take place on June 25 at Takhian Temple, Ban Phluang Subdistrict, Prasat District at 12.30 hrs.
The police revealed that the victim of Darauma pierced 700 people, hijacked the chain-money sharing issue.|Today (24 June), Maj. Gen. Anan Nanasamai, Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission, revealed the progress of the expansion and prosecution. After arresting Mr. Metha or Ball, the owner of Daruma Suzi's shop that there are now the victims of Daruma Suchi. There are about 700 online reports, with the case of the Crime Suppression Division about consumers (PAO) about 250 people are currently coordinated with the victims of where they will report the complaint. Including the victims who reported various localities There are now a lot of victims who have bought 4 coupons to testify to the inquiry official. The victim who bought the franchise has testified 7 people, while the Open Chat "Daruma Suchi victims. "There are approximately 1,800 participants. Inside the open chat, there will be police officers coordinate information with the victims as well. Please leave the people who have been damaged. If convenient, can report to the police investigation officers at the notification center. Central Police Headquarters Or the local police station that was convenient by the BAAC. And yesterday (23 June). As for online reporting The administrator will submit an investigation issue to the inquiry officials in each area. In which he ordered the interrogation of the issue that it was considered a borrowing of public fraud Or sharing a chain or not. Yesterday, Gen. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat, Deputy Commander in Chief, has called the working group meeting. With an investigation issue to be fast and in the same direction And the time frame for each inquiry officer that collects the testimony and related documents to the police station by July 28 in order to keep up with the prosecutor to Maj. Gen. Anan. Said that At this time, there was still the only person who committed the incident was Mr. Metha, the accused. Which rejected the allegations that it was not fraudulent But have to close the business due to the business that cannot continue. To check the financial route If found to be transferred to any person Will continue to be considered a financial laundering foundation
Grandma confessed and then hit the 6 -year -old grandchildren until death, claiming that the grandchildren were so stubborn.And stress about money|Last morning (24 June), Mr. Chaturong and Miss Nicharee The father and mother of the 6 -year -old Ya Ya who were abused to death. Traveled to the Forensic Science Institute Thammasat Chalermprakiet Hospital, Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, to contact the body of Nong Kor Yao, which the doctor stated that the cause of death The brain is affected. The head was injured. It is assumed to be caused by the latest abuse. Capt. Worapak Suphasawat, Deputy Police Investigation, Sam Khok Police Station, an invitation of the 47 -year -old grandmother, came to interrogate again at Sam Khok Police Station, which previously had Previous interrogation as a witness Until the grandmother confessed to be the doer By using chili beats (barbaric) attacking the grass Before the police traveled to the scene again In order to collect the weapons used to make a forensic inspection at the body of the body 1 to be used to assemble the case As well as collecting evidence for the power of the Pathum Thani Provincial Court Issuing an arrest warrant for the grandmother on charges Harm your body to death In the investigation, Pol. Col. Praphat Mung, Deputy Chief of Police, Pathum Thani Province Come to follow the case, Col. Prapas Wee, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Pathum Thani Province, revealed that after the investigating officers asked the Pathum Thani Court to issue an arrest warrant, the accused sent to Pathum Thani prison. In which the accused refused to make a confession plan from the investigation Grandma has actually attacked. Because the culprit has a stress to raise grandchildren Combined with stress about money With the naughty child's naughty, Grandma is angry. Therefore, the initial incident occurred that Grandma used the chilli wood. And the kitchen knife hurts As for the wounds that will cause the child to die Must wait for the results in detail from the Forensic Science Institute Thammasat Hospital thoroughly. The urine is not some place. Until Grandma has to follow In which Grandma has assaulted periodically In the day of the incident Grandma used to rush on the body, but the child still has normal symptoms. Before sleeping before breathing and died As for the wounds that the genitals are caused by what can not tell, have to wait for the results thoroughly again.
Invaded the grandson, the headman, the methamphetamine, the person who screamed for the parents to helpThe officer must help each other to lock.|On 24 June 2022, Samut Songkhram Provincial Police Investigation with the Administrative Division Bring the search warrant of Samut Songkhram Provincial Court Searching for a house in the area of Ban Phok Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Songkhram Province, with Mr. Chatchawan or A, 37, who is a person under the search warrant and Mr. Chatchawan is the grandchildren, Mr. Sathaporn, the village headman. Village No. 8, Ban Phraok Subdistrict Mueang Samut Songkhram District However, while searching Chatchawan or A, trying to resist and make a fuss. Shouting to his father to help Also trying to escape There was a long -lasting hug. Before the police detained from the discovery of the belongings Clear methamphetamine pills With 1 bag of swiping open 12 methamphetamine tablets Packed in a clear white plastic bottle Beside the bottle of City Steel Ball, another layer In addition, the automatic short pistol was found. (Thai artificial, no registration). Size. 22 Magnam 1 cylinder A.2. 22 Magnam Magga envelope .22 Magnam 2 matches 1 black cloth bag 1 carbonated carpent 2 sets of users, 1 mobile phone of the accused has drug trading information And also has a certificate of examination from Somdet Phra Phuttha Lertlah Hospital, Samut Songkhram, has a positive effect of 1 version of the urine. Confessed that Bought amphetamines from one master Unknown name and Mr. Sakul About 37-38 years old At the rental room opposite the PTT gas station, Samut Songkhram Road-Bang Phae, Ban Phraok Subdistrict, Mueang Samut Songkhram District Price 35 baht per tablet Come to eat 2 tablets With the method of lighting and inhaling The rest will be sold for profit at 50 baht per tablet. And has been done for almost a year, then initially reported the charges There is a type 1 drug. Methamphetamine or amphetamine in possession for sale, drug use, type 1. (Methamphetamine or amphetamine) illegally and charged with firearms and ammunition in possession without permission. Detained with the delivery Phong Police Station, Muang Samut Songkhram Proceed in accordance with the law
The ex -husband stabbed the teacher, the young woman, the son of the son, but the suffering onlyFound the face to crunch repeatedly|The ex -husband father who stabbed the teacher, suffering, the son of the son, only causing trouble. Pity the daughter -in -law and grandchildren. Found the face to crunch repeatedly (24 Jun 65). From the case of a 29 -year -old teacher Kook, the young teacher who was hit by her husband, was Mr. Woraphong or Bo, aged 26, attacking and reconcile. Before using a knife to pierce many teachers, a total of 8 wounds until died in the teacher room, 2nd floor of the school building. In front of many teachers brutally Before jumping away from the 2nd floor of the school building Until the legs broke and could not escape And was gathered before delivering Prasat District Hospital And forwarded at Surin Hospital, with police officers watching to prevent escape, the atmosphere of the funeral ceremony at home was sadly, two children of the deceased and the culprit. There are 3 -year -old girl and an innocent 1 -year -old boy. Still running with friends and teasing the grandparents as usual Without knowing that the mother died and today (25 June) will have cremation At Takian Temple, Ban Phluang Subdistrict, Prasat District at 12.30 hrs. While the police officers were charged with Mr. Woraphong, initially attacking others to death. And there will be a standing in the Surin Provincial Court At the moment, the accused is still maintained at Surin Hospital to wait for surgery. Which has strict watching officials. Mr Boonsri, 73 years old, the father of the culprit And is the grandfather of the two children, revealing with the resentment to his son that Once he grew up, aged 12-13 years, only traveling, but his game had already chased at the snooker table. Is a person who has a lie, a lie since young Mother -in -law is Dharma Dharma. Can stay at home for 4-3 days, then argue Arguing since he had no children All arguments are all matters. Self -willed I myself was alone. The daughter -in -law himself has just worked at this school for about a year. Personally, his son didn't work. Lying indefinitely I only ask for my wife. If not, it's a matter. Enough to give the wife to 4-5 hundred baht for a short while, then ask for the most sad refund that it does. If he was visited at the hospital, he would ask to see and will crunch it repeatedly. It really sinned. If slapping, still enough that This is until his life is not. How can both children live? To go to work, there is only a matter I'll be lost. If in a big company Have been in prison for a long time Not working, claiming here He gave it to seven at half past eight o'clock. I have never seen the money of the parents for five hundred or one hundred and one. Take it to a bottle of alcohol with friends Finished and just looking for a wife When the wife does not open the door, it will break the house. Arguing in front of the children It doesn't care about the child before the story. It says that it must be revenge. Must get it He said that he would take anything about it. At that time, just hit each other. It said that it would be life. And he also said that don't do it. Look, you're enough. Don't do it. It doesn't care Look at what kind of person is not pity for children. Size tells some money It also says that the money that is given to buy anything is only it. So he told him enough and stopped talking. Speaking, only lies (Speaking with the mouth too). Lying throughout the property. How many phones have been smashed 3-4 devices. Until exhausted with this son The phone of over ten thousand baht that his mother bought for his daughter, he was smashed. So he helped two thousand money for the daughter -in -law to buy again. Not long enough to be smashed again So he bought it for more than four thousand baht. Used until today. When his youngest son was about to give birth, it was still going to sit and drink with his friends. I didn't care about my wife. The daughter -in -law cried. Tell my father to withdraw money. The money disappeared again. From three thousand baht Bring it to me for only 800 baht. Where to take the money to pay the hospital for over seven thousand baht? Really embarrassing Take everything
Valuable opposition!Leave a cosplay young manDeceive the police, shoot porn clipsBlack mail, victims until stressed suicide|In the case of the PACC attacking the famous call center company Create cosplay avatar Deceived the 14 -year -old police daughter, shooting porn before intimidating blackmail Until stressed After talking for only 43 days, found a girl clip. Referred to confess The examination of the stressful victim has finished his own life. The 2 progress on June 25, 2022 at the accused control room. Central Investigation Police Headquarters Center Investigation Officer, Division 3, the Human Trafficking Suppression Division, detained Mr. Piyabut, 27 years old, the accused uses social media to seek sex with children and women. On charges of possession of pornographic media for children to seek sexually for themselves or others. "To be imprisoned at the first criminal court. Afraid that if it was temporarily released and would escape for this case, there was a police officer with the rank of police Requesting help with the way Pol.Lt.Gen. Charoon Kiat Pankaew, Commander in Chief, said that the 14 -year -old daughter was social media users. Which is an account account, Discovery application And a fake Twitter or an avatar to befriend before tempting to send porn pictures to exchange with money But when the picture has been received Instead, bring the said image to intimidate the blackmail. By giving a video call Then ordered to do what he wanted in a pornographic way If refusing to follow, the image will be published. Until causing the daughter to make a stress decided to commit suicide. Later, the police investigated until he was able to arrest Mr. Piyabut at Ban Moo 3, Khu Khot Subdistrict, Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani Province and seized 1 notebook computer. hold When checking the internal information, found a lot of pornographic files and porn videos or pornographic media about children. There are reports that from checking information on computers and mobile phones, there are women who appear in the clip and over a hundred images. person Initially, a 26 -year -old woman under the age of 15, in which the police were proven and coordinated the parents to proceed in legal action.
Burned and a young teacherThe cruel husband stabbed in the school, 2 children, the eldest or the eldest.|Today (25 Jun 65) Reporters reported about the progress. In the case of the husband stabbed his wife until he died in the 2nd floor of the school in Kang Ann Sub -district, Prasat District, Surin Province. The husband is Mr. Bo, aged 26, living in Ban Tham Honjai, Kang Ann Sub -district, Prasat District. Surin, the deceased, is the teacher teacher of the school, 29 years old, the people of Prasat District, Surin Province, who were stabbed by a knife under the left ear, shoulder, arm, back and thighs, a total of 8 wounds died in the classroom. 2 of the building before the criminal jumped away from the 2nd floor of the school building Until the legs broke and could not escape The accused confessed that Caused by a drunken cause According to reconcile with his wife but was unsuccessful, so they had two children together, consisting of 3 -year -old 3 -year -old boy and a 1 -year -old girl while Dr. Kitti Phatkrai Petch, Surin Province Along with the bishop Travel to mourn And laid down in front of the dead body While the Surin Provincial Justice Officer Traveled to clarify Report the right to claim benefits For the mother of the deceased Which will receive an initial remedy of 110,000 baht. Today, at 12:30 pm, there is a religious ritual at home. Before moving the body to perform the dead ceremony At Takian Temple, Ban Phluang Subdistrict, Prasat District, Surin Province, with family, relatives, friends, teachers and pupils And related agencies Come to send the body of a young teacher for the last time The atmosphere is very sad. After moving the body to Takian Temple With Mr. Kong Tosanee Mano, the sheriff of Prasat Is the president of the Requiem Before performing the Chanthi Flower Placement Ceremony And the last cremation While the daughter and son of the deceased and the accused Sitting as a child Without knowing that the mother had already died, and the father was arrested as Han Han Sukanya The close friend of the deceased Told with regret that The deceased is a good person and a good friend. The incident made us realize that That we lose good people, have mercy, cheerful, always help. Today, with unexpected events, an unexpected thing is something we are in pain. And recognized his pain in this event. He was a good person. Friends, suffering, whatever he listened to his friends, sharing anything, would help each other consult and vent. Is a very gentle person. This kind of event should not happen to him at all.
The court provides cosplay guarantees.Order to attach the EM bracelet. Do not use the computer and do not contact the victim.|Pol.Lt.Gen. Wiwat Khamchamnan, Commander of the Human Trafficking Suppression Division (OCSC), said about the progress of the 27 -year -old man who was detained by the investigation officer to ask for the power of the Criminal Court in the morning by The inquiry official has notified the prosecution of 3 charges, namely possession of pornography, children to seek sexual benefits for themselves or others. The imprisonment rate is not exceeding 5 years, a fine of not more than 100,000 baht or both. Not doing anything Or agreeing to be afraid that it will be harmful to life, body, freedom, reputation or property of the rape. Or others Or by using the violence until the rape must be done Do not do that or remember that Shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding 3 years or a fine not exceeding 60,000 baht or both And charges of instigation to promote children according to Child Protection Act 2003 with a imprisonment rate of not more than 3 months, opposing the bail, but the accused has applied for bail. Which the court has considered to be temporarily released By hitting the securities in the amount of 50,000 baht, with conditions to attach EM bracelets all the time. Do not use computers Prohibiting social media And do not contact the victims in all cases And have the police search for the house to find evidence if they have any questions at any time And if the accused has violated the insurance conditions, the court will revoke the bail immediately from the computer and mobile phone inspection of the accused in detail. Causing the police to find many more victims of women But in this amount, 10 people can prove 10 people and another 30 is proven. In addition, 2 clips of the girl were found, one of the victims tried to commit suicide from the forced events to shoot clips for the behavior of the accused who had done with the victims. By choosing a victim who dressed in cosplay and a cute appearance Then will build trust by talking to the victim Persuade the victims to believe and trust Before requesting personal social media information After that, the video call will talk and ask the victims to be naked as requested and record the conversation clip to use the Blackmail victim later. And forced the victim to follow the order and intimidate If not following the clips to be published, the initial published from the computer and mobile phone inspection of the accused has not yet been passed on to other people in trade. Therefore not yet considered human trafficking while Col. Suraphong Chatsut, Deputy Commander Human Trafficking Suppression Division Remind parents to monitor the use of social media of their children. Because nowadays, there are many children and youth being victims of both men and women. And has a ratio of more men, with the majority of victims who like to use Tik Tok Especially sexy and seductive dance groups In which there are many viewers And in this amount, there are often hidden criminals, so talking to strangers must observe and take care of their children closely. And must also observe the behavior of children's money Because most of the criminals tend to use money to lure children and youth next to
Collecting the house!"Ping Ping War", the gangster gang leaderChase the teeth, people do not choose the page-post shooting|Today (26 June) Col. Ton Thanasorn Jutharat, Director of Mae Chan Police Station And Pol. Col. Kulchat Sakdiyothin Thada, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Mae Chan Police Station Ordered the police under the arrest of crime in the area later, Pol. Maj. Samrueng Sitthiworn Panya, the SSO, brought the police force to arrest Mr. Chalermsak or Ping Nickname "Ping Ping Verwow", 28 years old, Pao Sang Subdistrict, Mae Chan District, Chiang Rai Province, according to the arrest warrant of Chiang Rai Provincial Court, 193, dated 22 June 2022, along with 1 Central Middle and 3 ammunition. 45 shots, officials were informed that There was a group of teenagers causing weapons, knives, chasing teeth and attacking. Many teenagers and people are injured. Therefore followed up to find the culprit until knowing that it was the skill of "Gang War Wow" with Mr. Ping as the leader of the gang gangs to go out in various areas. When they encounter a group of teenagers who do not know each other before, they will immediately attack the body. Threatened that "... Bearing Baby has eyes. Increasing the sound of Hani ... "The officer gathered evidence for approval of Chiang Rai Provincial Court issued an arrest warrant. And followed to the accommodation in the area of Village No. 15, Pa Sang Subdistrict, Mae Chan District, Chiang Rai Province, with Mr. Ping located inside the house With the belongings that are used to cause the incident Detained to investigate the preliminary Mae Chan police station to confess that All belongs are truly their own. The post on Facebook made because of the prank. Which does not have any guns The officer then reported the charges. "... jointly attacking the body that caused the villain to be seriously harmful. And carrying weapons in the city, village or public way openly Or without a reasonable cause ... "sent the inquiry official to proceed with the legal operation.
Castle in the cityThe basement of the building in Ratchada area, collecting 52 players, baccarat, money of 4.3 million|Holding spy Castle in the city The basement of the Ratchada building, collecting 52 baccarat players, 4.3 million (25 June 65) at 02.00 hrs. The Den Rattanakit District, the police officer, police officers, police officers, and the AMC jointly arrested 52 suspects, separated into 34 men, 18 women, 14 Thai people, Chinese 22 People, Myanmar, 14 people and 2 Malaysia with items 1. 4,356,700 baht in cash 2. Baccarat gambling equipment, total 30 arrests at The basement of the building A Tower (Ayothaya Tower) Soi Ratchadaphisek 18, sub -district and Huai Khwang District, Bangkok, after being informed by the spy that the said location There is a smuggling (Baccarat) to check that there is real gambling. Show himself to arrest 52 people together with the said belongings. Send the Sutthisan police officers together to smuggle gambling (Baccarat) to gamble illegally.
The true story is more than a thief novel.Atsawa at home|Tiktok post girl is satisfied! The thieves sneaked up the house. While pretending to call to know that there is a thief To obtain gratitude As well as being able to look at the house in the case of a Tiktok application named Nashy.nasha posted a clip of a thief in the house of the poster. Demolished and stolen assets stating, "When there are home robbers And the person who called to inform us is the thief, the thief of the house and also call to receive the news that the news And also offers a house to watch the house for Khun Phra !!! The story is more true than the novel The worst like a quiet story The thief released Come to ride a bike in the village like a chill. #Pity the house. #Pity myself. "True story than novels" is 9 seconds, revealing the condition of the house being dismantled. The scattered belongings later posted the second clip, "The house is outside the village, away from other houses. And the thief was smart, turning on the light in the house The villagers passed by and thought that the owner of the house did not suspect anything. Is a house in another province Just moved to Bangkok for only 3 months. Will be away from other people's houses There is a rice field on the side and behind the house. Write the caption that "The house is outside the village. Away from other houses Not suspicious. "And the 3rd clip stated that" The door is locked in 2 layers, put the padlock. All wrought iron windows on all sides Encourage effort Smash the glass and then duck in. Take the monk and the money in this room The value may not be a lot. But it is difficult to accept #This must not be quiet In which the clip is a picture of a wooden door that invades Being smashed by the criminal on the top and then duck in the room With traces of smashing the door knob The cement wall fell Which the caption says "The point where the circle is The criminal smashed and ducked in. Because the window on all sides is attached to the wrought iron Rejoice in the effort. "Most recently, today (27 June), the reporter traveled to the home of the accident. Which is in Phra Thong Kham District Nakhon Ratchasima met with Mr. Prasit, 54, the owner of the house, who is the father of Mrs. Phanuch, 37, who posted a clip to Tiktok revealed that she and his family lived in Bangkok with his daughter. As for this house, built to live in Korat. Which time is usually no one, but on the day of knowing the news that a thief went home Is Friday night, June 24, 2022, with her daughter saying that Someone called to say With thieves going up the house Demolt the belongings When he knew, he and his wife hurried back to Korat on Saturday 25 June 2022. But the front door of the house opened, so he hurried to look at the ground floor of the house first, found that the belongings in the house were dismantled to scattered folk In which his room was smashed the glass above the door And the door knob area Found a trace of tampering Enough to check in the bathroom Found traces of feces, both in the toilet and on the bathroom floor When checking the 2nd floor of the house, he found a trace of the demolition of belongings in the house as well, then went down to inspect the area around the house. In order to find a trace of the thieves inside the house Because every door lock, which found that the back door of the house next to the kitchen There are signs of being tampering, so it is expected that the thieves should use this door to pass into the house by the property in the missing house. There are technicians. The money kept in a small cycle when the new house that the relatives put it on for prosperity. There will be almost a thousand baht in it. There will be a piggy bank touched the money out. With about 300 baht after the preliminary examination, then quickly traveled to report to the police Phra Thong Kham Police Station, Miss Pattamaporn, 37, the neighbors say that she always passed the house after the incident. But was not suspicious Thought that the owner of the house was back because he saw the fire in the house open Assembled his son, heard the sound of the karaoke opening the song inside the house. Making him not doubt Until one day Began to wonder because it was unusual if the owner of the house came back Must see the owner's car parked in front of the house until later learned that There was a robber going up to the said house. And when walking in with the owner of the house, it was found that this thieves, in addition to searching the belongings in the house, scattered Also found traces of cooking in the house Because found an electric rice cooker with rice that was cooked There are signs of using coffee machines. Using a WiFi computer and also turning on TV to sing karaoke. Reporters reported that the progress of the case is still under investigation. And called the victim to give additional testimony
The court ordered the imprisonment for the dealer of Ratchada for 3 months, 15 days. The gambler was prison for 15 days.|The court sentenced to imprisonment. The dealer of Ratchada 3 months, 15 days, while the gambler was prison for 15 days. Fined 11,000 baht. Imprisonment for a parole before today (27 June) at the North Bangkok District Court. The prosecutor, the Office of the District Court 1, filed a lawsuit with a group of gamblers, which have 45 Thai and foreign groups, as a defendant in the case of the Black Number. In 1935 and violating the Emergency Administrative Act 2005, considering all the defendants to confess the court to consider the indictment of the confession. There was a verdict that the defendant offended the Gambling Act, Section 12 (2) and the Emergency Decree, Section 9 (2), 18 in accordance with the Criminal Code, Section 83, with the 45 defendants confessed. Reduce half of the penalty Base together to violate the requirements Emergency Act To imprison the defendant for 15 days and adjust 10,000 baht per person and the 2-45 is guilty of joint gambling as well. Adjust the 2nd defendant to 45 people, each 1,000 baht, which includes the defendant 2-45 and imprisoned for 15 days and fined 11,000 baht per person. As well as imprisonment for 3 months and a fine of 1,000 baht, including imprisonment for the defendant 1, scheduled for 3 months, 15 days and fined 11,000 baht, while no 45 defendants have been imprisoned before. Imprisonment is therefore waiting for punishment (waiting for criminal) for 1 year under the Criminal Code, Section 56 and confiscated the equipment and tools used in gambling. And gambling property If the defendant does not pay the fine, manage under the Criminal Code, Section 29, 30. In addition, the same day The prosecutor, the Office of the Court of Court 1, the plaintiff also filed a verbal prosecution. The gambler, who is a total of 7 Myanmar-Chinese citizenship, is the defendant of the Gambling Act. Emergency Act Immigration Act 1979 in a criminal case, Black No. 1914/2565, with all 7 defendants confessing in the North Bangkok District Considering the indictment of the confession There was a verdict that the defendant committed an offense. Section 12 (2) and Emergency Act, Section 9 (2), 18 in accordance with the Criminal Code, Section 83, with the defendant 1-6 being guilty under the Act . Immigration people as well. All 7 defendants confessed to reduce the penalty. Base together to violate the requirements Emergency Act To imprison the defendant 1-7 for 15 days and adjust 10,000 baht per person. The base together to gamble, baccarat to adjust 1,000 baht per person and punish the imprisonment and a fine of the defendant 1-6 as according to the Act. Immigration people, when combined with all offenses, imprisonment for the defendant 1, 3, 4, 4 months, 15 days and fined 17,000 baht each. 2 months, 15 days and a fine of 14,000 baht per person for the 7th defendant, imprisonment for 15 days and fined 11,000 baht, while the seven defendants had been imprisoned before. The prison sentence is to wait for the punishment (waiting for criminal) for 1 year under the Criminal Code, Section 56. If the defendant does not pay the fine, manage under the Penal Code, Section 29, 30.
Love locking the wheel!The girl cried out to the police to befriend until fall in love.Being borrowed by more than 1 million|A 44 -year -old girl asks for justice. Being hit by a traffic police officer Finally, being tricked into borrowing money Took the property to pledge over 1 million baht and did not return the gambling-addicted to medicine. Reporters reported that today (28 June), Ms. A (assumed name), aged 44 years Travel to bring evidence to consult to ask for help with the media. With more than 300 money transfer documents, pledge tickets, jewels, gold, valued at a total of over 300,000 baht and the document of LINE with the police, the rank of Police Lieutenant Colonel, the traffic work of a police station after the previous trip was singing with Many agencies, both the police and the Division Including the police But was responded as a discipline, not serious And has not yet been compensated for his own property that has been used to pay the debt on behalf of the said police officer The total value is over 1 million baht and feels that the victim is not known to know that this policeman on September 1, 2020, because the car park is in the main area. Therefore being logged with car wheels After that, this police officer came to befriend. Before dating and borrowed money by claiming to be used to pay online gambling with trust that is a police Therefore transferred the money to 3,000 baht at a time to tens of thousands of baht And the said police officer has always borrowed Including the number of transfers about 2-300 times until they lack financial liquidity. Therefore have to bring the jewels to pledge 13 times. Each time, this police officer will be pledged And bring the pawn ticket back Before taking the money until last year, he asked for a refund. Because he wanted to pay the money to pay for the tuition to the child But has always been rejected In the past, I saw the behavior of this policeman using drugs. Which I have seen both the drug equipment in the room But there is no evidence of this police drug Because he was not brave enough to keep This policeman also transferred money from his own account to a police officer in the police station in 5 thousand people at a time. To tens of thousands of baht By claiming to be a share from locking wheels And pay the debt attached But there was no refund. Until the end of 2021, all evidence was collected to ask for help. With the supervisor of the Metropolitan Police Division 9 and the Metropolitan Police Headquarters Including the national police, but the commandment has concluded that it is a non -serious disciplinary offense. Therefore warned according to the regulations And still saw that this policeman still came out to perform their duties as usual As for the borrowed money, it has not returned even one baht, including myself, also received a reply letter from the supervisor of this police officer. That the result of the offense of the police has clearly identified that online gambling and drug use, but can also return to perform duties. There is also evidence that this police officer brought a truck to carry some items in the house to decorate their own home in Sakon Nakhon province. By claiming to be trading But there is no contract or payment and a comfortable life, which is different from myself to bear the debt of this policeman. And would like to ask to be responsible for his own actions And would like the supervisor to punish this policeman With evidence found that the said offense
According to the houseThe young man used a knife-the wood smashed his father until he died.Throw the body on the side of the road|The 28 -year -old boy used a knife and used his father to smash his father until he died. Then dumped the body on the side of the road Found the bed to burn the fire Like trying to destroy the evidence of reporters that today (29 June) at 06.00 hrs., Police Lieutenant Jirayu Ta Chongrat, Deputy Inspector (Investigation), Prakhon Chai Police Station, Prakhon Chai District, Buriram Province Notified by Buriram Highway Police That the villagers found the body of the male side of the road 24 Chokchai-Dej Udom In the area of Ban Phaisan, Phaisan Subdistrict, Prakhon Chai District, therefore coordinated the Sawang Dhamma Rescue Unit, Prakhonchai District, participated in the investigation of the incident. Close to each other, also found a gray Honda Wave motorcycle, registered right- 563, Chon Buri parked, had a key to the car, then the police investigated the Prakhon Chai police station inspected the house of the deceased. Which is approximately 4 kilometers away from the bodies. Meet Mr Chatchawan or Poo Eye 28, the deceased son Still inside the house Without a panic gesture in front of the house, found a long way of blood The back of the house also found a mattress that has just burned as if trying to destroy the evidence. Inside the house, 1 blood knife was found. Preliminary inquiry, Mr. Pu Confessed that he was actually killing his own father The police then took him to Prakhon Chai Police Station from the investigation of Mr. Pu Testified to the inquiry official that At approximately 21.00 hrs. After that, there was an argument. Admit that the annoyance that the father scolds That he doesn't have a job He then used a knife near the hand to pierce the neck 4-5 times and the teeth repeatedly at the head many times. Before the father fell down in front of the house after knowing that his father had died Brought his father on the wheelchair Use a motorcycle to tow the side of the road. Then walked home Want the staff to think that is an accident The mattress that is burned Because I only want to burn Did not want to destroy the evidence in any way. Mr Samak, aged 61, the aunt of the culprit said that Mr. Pu was the most pregnant child of 5 people of the deceased, who had been a criteria. Before releasing for about 6 months, he escaped the military but had a sense of depression. Not the same as before Until no one dared to approach and try to inform relatives The reason is expected to be caused by nervous symptoms, while Mrs. Ki, 60 years old, the aunt of the culprit. Said that in the past, after the grandchildren escaped the military Rarely at home Used to use drugs until distorted When the soldiers returned, even more distorted. Probably the fate of his father who encountered this kind of reason
HusbandThe mother of the baby is dominated.Stress, being a handsome young man's profile, transferred 7,000|The young mother of the baby walked into the water, hoping to say goodbye to the world. Fortunately, people do not keep up. The most confusing husband asked Confessed to stress, being a handsome man's profile, tricked into transferring nearly a hundred thousand money. Reporters reported that today (29 June), Mr. Si Nam (assumed name), 53 years old, the owner of the famous restaurant. At Phrom Buri District Sing Buri Province Revealed that yesterday (June 28) at approximately 14.00 hrs. Miss Lek (assumed name), 28 years old, his wife had caused suicide. By sneaking away, walking into the pond after the shop with a depth of about 10 meters, but accidentally, there were staff in the shop to see Therefore hurriedly helped to bring the body safely after bringing up from the pond, Miss Lek was in a crying. 4 months together, with Miss Lek admitted to her husband that Transferred money to men who are known via a couple application By saying that the man in the app Who secretly talked to deceive to transfer money to 2 times in the amount of over 70,000 baht, causing stress and regret in the actions Therefore thought to commit suicide from the internal examination of Miss Lek, found a message talking with a young man That uses a profile picture Is a handsome young man In which the person in the picture is Lee Min Ho, a famous South Korean star In which the dialogue The said man called Miss Lek "Darling", every word by the man claiming that Currently traveling from South Korea to Thailand. But still not able to pass the immigration checkpoint, asking Miss Lek to transfer 15,000 baht first because it must be used as a cost of passing the city. The man also showed the amount of money in the account that claimed to have a deposit of 44 million baht and said that 15,000 baht is a little money for him. And promised to refund the money from all dialogue Since the beginning of June Until now Miss Pornpimon has transferred over 70,000 baht, but still no progress or meet with a South Korean man in any way. Until confident that he was deceived until losing money Therefore causing stress, deciding to commit suicide Miss Lek's husband said that he felt very sorry for his wife. Now the wife has a mental. Sorry hard Sitting and crying all the time Must have the staff in the shop to help each other closely take care of it as a very heavy event for the family. Would like this to be an example for everyone And now bringing everything to report Proceed with the mysterious man and find a bank account owner that the wife transferred money. Whether involved with a man who deceived or not
Children-parents are shocked.Pulled the knife, hijacking the Buddha's needle|From the case of 2 teenagers using weapons, knives, hijacking, releasing the Buddha's needle on the chest Symbol of Bodindecha School The incident occurred on 29 June. With a camera in front of the car to capture two male teenagers One person wearing a black shirt, long pants, wearing a gas hat and another person wearing a white black shirt. Shorts, wearing a full helmet Standing on the sidewalk After that, there were 4 groups of students walking together, being teased, a man who wore a helmet. As well as grabbing a knife from the back, stabbing to the face of one group of students But the said student tried to use himself to protect themselves Making it impossible to stab the knife While teenage friends try to help And punching his hand to the face of the student and rushed away It is expected that this cause is a robbery, which is the symbol of the Buddha amulet for the event behind the school entrance, about 500 meters, which is a journey in and out of Soi Ramkhamhaeng 43/ 1, from interviews with students Mattayom 6 (not at the scene of the incident) said that after yesterday he returned home. Heard the news that a friend was attacked by a teenager. Trying to steal the school logo By using a knife to pierce I was shocked and very dangerous. Because the scene of the incident is only 500 meters away from the school, do not think that the teenagers will dare to cause this power. Which this type of event did not occur for the first time That was played last month, there were 6 groups of students in Mathayom 6 to visit a mall. Then was attacked by a group of teenagers In order to win the school logo Which causes this frequent occurring But didn't think that it would happen near the school I felt that he wanted a police officer to check in front of the school. Parents, students, Bodindecha School (Not the parents of 4 children in the clip) revealed that normally they will send and receive their children every day. Came to know the news, saw the video clip very dangerous Do not think that the incident will occur in the school area In which the scene of the incident used to be a warning point But is also the route to the home of the student as well Which will have a port When he saw his clip, he didn't dare to let the children walk away from school. Have to send the child closest to school I didn't think that this kind of event was up. If it is a financial conquering, still understand But this is a school logo I don't think that society in this period still thinks about these things. Would like the teenage groups that cause a little to think that If you are the one who has been done How will you feel? How much will their parents be concerned? From knowing the school, the school has coordinated the district office. Wang Thonglang Police Station In order to discuss the incident in the scene of the incident, not a lonely point Is the point that is attached to the school fence Which seems to be unlikely to happen like this Which is a logo This time is considered a violent time because of weapons. The true wishes depends on the police officers who will investigate the truth. Now the child is a little shocked, but everyone has already studied at the school. The school has publicized to the parents to acknowledge. And the school coordinated with the police to inspect the scene of the incident and other points around the school more when the children quit school. In order to increase safety. Later, at 12.00 hrs., Wang Thonglang Police Station arrested 3 young people who committed the attack on the student school. All of which was brought to investigate at Wang Thonglang Police Station, Pol.Lt.Gen. Before revealing that all 3 of them were young people under the age of 15, still studying in 2 educational institutions and didn't study 1 person, which can be arrested at the residence in Ramkhamhaeng area, along with the middle of the weapons, knives, motorcycles that caused the incident. Including clothes that are worn All of which confessed to the actual cause of the cause because of the prank Would like to have a Buddha amulet to hang on the chain But never caused this kind of cause before And never knew the victim before Before the incident was going to buy things But when driving near the scene of the incident, saw the victims walking Therefore became prank To hurt the body and intimidate the Buddha But the victim resolves, refusing to Therefore, one of the groups of the culprit then punch into the face Before escaping Without any Buddha Before escaping back to the house Until being arrested by the police. Initially, the police reported charges of robbery with vehicles and tried to hurt the body. Before proceeding with the law And detained to the Juvenile Court. News reports stated that After the incident and became the news of the 3 youth, dissected motorcycle wrecks to prevent officials from following up. And while interrogating all 3 people, would like to apologize to the victims for what they have done
Collecting his father's hood, raped a real daughter, 3 years old, since 10 years old, the sister shocked when knowing the truth.|The police gathered. Father raped a real daughter, a 3 -year -old marathon since the age of 10, threatening to tell anyone. Finally, endure chat, consult a friend. Until the sister knew about But the father is still stubborn, the reporter reported that today (30 June) at 09.00 hrs., Lieutenant Colonel Siriwit Worasarn Roi Roi, Ban Chang Rayong Police Station was informed by Ms. A ( 42 -year -old named Miss Wa (a hypothetical), 13 years old, the daughter reported that he was raped by a true father, with Miss A, who testified that she and the eldest daughter just knew. Actually, after Miss Wa (a fictional name), 13 years old, the youngest daughter Went to consult with a friend about the case of Mr. B (named Suppose), 52 years old, who is a real father raped from the age of 10 years until the age of 13 years, with the latest rape on June 29 in the house. Phala Subdistrict, Ban Chang District, Rayong Province. Later, the daughter's friend Therefore brought the story to yourself Causing him to ask until Miss Wa agreed to tell the truth, Miss Wa (the fictional name) revealed both tears that Being threatened by his father if he told his mother and others would be beaten With fear, therefore did not dare Until he lost patience Therefore bringing the matter to consult a friend And friends help to tell the older sister In addition, he posted a message to cut it on Facebook. Until later, the older sister knew the matter and therefore reported immediately. Shocked when knowing the truth, pity, very much. I can't think that the father will do it with his own children. Absolutely wanting to prosecute his father After investigating the police officers sent the Miss Wa to do a physical examination at Ban Chang Hospital to check the evidence later. Police Colonel Paiyoon Papa Kang, Director of Ban Chang Police Station Ordered the investigative officers Traveled to detain Mr. B, 42 years old, who was accused of raped her daughter at the residence in Phala Subdistrict, Ban Chang District, Rayong Province. Before bringing him to investigate. Later, Miss Nopphana Charoentham, Head of Child and Family House, Rayong Province With a multidisciplinary travel to Ban Chang Police Station to conduct the facts Initially will provide assistance in the case And take care of the psychological of children and families Ready to help further Police Colonel Paiyay said that from the preliminary history inspection, it was found that Mr. B Mi has an arrest warrant for drug cases in Chonburi province, so he detained to prosecute the arrest warrant. Before investigating As reported It appears that the initial Mr Bee also denied that he had not raped her daughter.
CorrectionsSingle attackSurrenderConfessed to have money to pay the debt|Yesterday (30 June), Thanyaburi police station, Pathum Thani Province, was informed that a criminal invaded the gold at the area. Bangkok Goldsmith, Bangkok, Lotus Branch, Khlong 7 Branch, in Tesco Lotus Department Store, Khlong 7 Branch, Lam Phak Kood Subdistrict, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province. Wearing black pants Drive a Honda brand motorcycle, Wave 125, unknown license plate Escape to Rangsit-Nakhon Nayok Road After being notified, the radio bite the latest criminal At 4:30 p.m. Mr. Apichai Vejchakul, 58 years old, Bueng Sanan Sub -district, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province, who works as a proper officer Perform duties, supervisors, parcels and buildings Special Correctional Institution, Pathum Thani Province, Rangsit Subdistrict, Thanyaburi District, Pathum Thani Province, traveled to surrender to the police. The accused confessed to be a lot of informal debt. After that, the police took him to search inside the accused's residence. Found a Honda brand motorcycle, Wave 125i gray, black Registration number 5, 4195, Bangkok In the middle of the car that was used to cause clothes, helmets that were worn With a certain amount of cash As for the gold necklace and firearms, the police officers are in the investigation. Col. Peerapon Chomsatien, Deputy Director of Police Pathum Thani, Acting Director of Thanyaburi Police Station Revealed that Initially, all of the items were all. Knocks, shirts, hats, motorcycles. Initially, the accused confessed. As for the motivation, it should come from some borrowed debt. The police officers have put pressure on the accused. Because the police knew the criminal since before the incident Therefore causing the accused to travel to surrender. Mr. Apichai Vejchakul, the accused confessed that The reason that was caused by stress was a debt that borrowed about 50,000 baht. Everything was caused by a terrible emotion. Which today has reported to the supervisor By claiming that the car was registered before the incident But in the end he could not bear to decide to surrender in the end
Open the clip!The man invaded the dormitory, hoping to rape a girl.The victim cried to the help.Survived, the condition is hurt.|Reporters reported that Facebook wants to be famous, will arrange for Retrin. Part 3 has posted a clip of a man invading the dormitory. Behind the famous university in Khon Kaen By specifying the message that the behavior is trying to rape and threaten sexuality. The person in the picture too. The cause of physical assault and trying to rape (after KKU) at around 16.50 hrs. Now the criminal has 1 knife. Don't let ... This can escape. Please help everyone. Thank you. The reporter asked the clip of the clip, Miss Koi (the fictional name), 21 years old, who filmed the clip from the front of the room. Saw the man using a knife to stab the woman who filmed the clip, shouting to help Before the said man hurried to escape In which the incident occurred in a dormitory Behind Khon Kaen University, Koi said that The incident occurred on the evening of 30 June. He was in the room, heard a woman asking for help. At first I thought that my girlfriend had an argument. After a while Before hearing the request for help again Hearing a bang like a person who attacked each other Therefore opened the door to see which room And saw that many people came out to see the event Looking for a loud noise from which room Before hearing the sound again that it helped more frequently. Ms. Koi said that Heard the sound from the next room Therefore knocked on the door But no one opened the door Therefore indirectly go behind the room Saw the man in the clip being a knife in a way to stab Therefore shouted to ask for help to notify the police When the said man heard, he turned to look at his face. When a woman fell out of the man, he quickly left the room in a bruised state. The criminal was holding a knife away from the room. And then drove the woman's car to escape. Miss Koi said that He just moved to stay in this tower shortly. I don't know if this man knows each other. But as far as I know, the woman who was attacked and told the police that he knew the man who attacked, but he didn't know what kind of know. And in addition, the uncle who sells rice in front of the dormitory tells that Saw this man drove to park in front of the dormitory from the morning before the incident Familiar face, have seen often And see that it looks like a curator. Col. Preecha Keng Sarikit, Director of Khon Kaen Police Station, said that at this time has not been reported after the posting on social media. L If the injured person reports, there will be investigations and prosecutions. If the offense is found in the next step
Hunt for a lust, attacking the young student in the dormitory is a boyfriend.The woman refused to rape.|From the incident, the criminal tried to rape a university student in Khon Kaen province. Before the criminal would do the incident, trying to rape but unsuccessful Before using a pointed knife weapon Hurt the young student and then escaped, drove the pickup truck to the progress in the matter. Col. Preecha Keng Sarikit, Director of the Khon Kaen Provincial Police Station, revealed that the police have now asked the investigation to interrogate the victims. Currently, he was hospitalized. By providing useful information in which the person who attacked that young student Is a male friend who has been dating for about 1 year In which the man went to work as a trailer truck In the Chonburi province, the man was about to return home in Kalasin province. Therefore came to see before returning home But the man wants to have sex with the woman, so try to rape The woman will not agree. Along with requesting help Until causing the man to bring the knife inside the room to try to hurt with anger After that, the woman resolve before escaping from the room. The man drove a pickup truck. Toyota Vigo brand registration number 9648 Bangkok has fled. At this time, the police have accelerated. And already know the workplace of this cause Expected to follow and arrest soon
The young man was drunk and hit the dead.Good citizens chased more than 700 meters, but the police let go.|The young man was drunk and hit the dead. Good citizens chased more than 700 meters away, but the police released first because he was unable to report the driver's charge. Mr. Kittiphan Suk throughout the relatives of Ban Suan Hom Nan Municipality The sky hawk officer assistant with his wife together with another good citizen. Chase the drunken man and hit the dead on the Sumon Devaraj Road. In front of the Nan Provincial Waterworks Authority Office Know the name later, Mr. Natthaphong, 28 years old, at 03.30 hrs. Last night (3 July 65), with Mr. Kittiphon described that while he heard the police heard that There was an accident in the area, so went to the scene of the Toyota Fortuner. Parked the engine In front of the car there was a bicycle falling next to each other, found an elderly man. Unknown name and address Someone helped pump the heart. And met Mr. Natthaphong The driver came alone, intoxicated, alcoholic smell, trying to change the driver by having his brother to be punished instead, but he refused to continue. The injured person died at the scene. Causing Mr. Natthapong to be shocked and ran away into the allocation of Ban Don Kaew community in Wiang Subdistrict, Mueang Nan District, more than 700 meters, so he along with his wife and good citizens who saw the chase after reaching the housing wall As a result, climbing the wall of the cement fence to the other side, so can help each other to catch. Waiting for the police to pick up the officers in the Nan Provincial Police Investigation. Bring the car that collided at the Nan Provincial Police Station. Mr Natthaphong was released before Lieutenant Colonel Methasit Phan The inquiry official revealed that he was not able to report the driver's charge because the name was not yet known. Since there is no document in the dead, but brought the driver to blow the amount of alcohol and still do not know the result, then release the driver first. This evening, the relatives who were died have come to contact the police. Therefore know that the dead named Mr. Wattana, 70 years old, is in Ban Suan Tan, Nai Wiang Subdistrict, Mueang Nan District The police then recorded as a traffic case. The creator of the lawsuit further the charges.
Escape!The young man carrying a marijuana riding a motorcycle.Racing the arrow, hit the 2 girls, seriously hurt.|Young man riding a motorcycle Found a cannabis at the back waist Racing the arrow away from the police, crashing into the two girls, Makro, seriously hurt. Reporters reported that today (3 July) at 23.30 hrs. Was informed of a motorcycle accident with a normal motorcycle riding There are many serious injuries. On Sukhumvit Road, Pak Nam Market In front of the Miami Market, Bang Pu Mai Subdistrict, Mueang District, Samut Prakan Province. The incident found 3 serious injuries, 1 man, 2 women, only know the names of both women. 29 years old and Ms. Supatsorn, aged about 30-35 years, both of which are employees of the Mini Makro Market, which is near the scene, while the injured is an unknown man. The age of 20-25 years was seriously injured. Rescuers gave first aid at the scene, found that there was a marijuana in the back waist. The Foundation staff helped to transport all the injured at Sikarin Hospital, Samut Prakan and Paolo Samut Prakan Hospital. At the scene of the incident, Honda Wave 125 motorcycle was found in a new condition, not a license plate. Which is a car of a male injured Overturned in the middle of the road in the front, demolished Close to each other, found a Honda brand motorcycle, pink-black, registration number 1281, Bangkok Which belongs to the injured woman Overturned in the front, demolished from the inquiry Mr. Phithakchai The assistant manager of the Mini Makro shop said that before the incident, both injured had just finished work. And is riding a motorcycle to go home While the injured were riding a motorcycle out of the Miami market. Turn out of Sukhumvit Road Can only be a little The motorcycle that the man rode back to the speed Before crashing into the front of the car of both injured Loudly Until all the injured bodies bounced off the car, seriously injured, while The villagers who saw the incident said that before the incident while sitting in a pickup truck parked on the side of the road near the scene. Saw the injured man who was a motorcycle back at speed With a motorcycle patrol Followed up before the injured man rode a motorcycle through his back. Which is the same rhythm as the injured, the 2 women, turning the car out of the market, so they collided with both of them So he hurried down to see that there were 3 injured, with the police officers who chased the injured to tell that before the incident, the injured had broken the search checkpoint of the security of Police officers protect and suppress Samut Prakan Police Station Which was set up a search point about 1 kilometer away from the scene, where the man rode a motorcycle to see the police set up a checkpoint Therefore became fear because the hemp is on the back waist Therefore riding the car out of the checkpoint The officer then rushed to ride a motorcycle, patrol the shield, followed before finding that the man turned at the U -turn before riding back at the speed. And a collision with the vehicles of both injured, a young woman The said man was seriously injured, unable to give a preliminary testimony. Officials invited the relevant witnesses to give additional testimony at Samut Prakan Police Station As a guideline for further investigation and legal proceedings
Shocking!Killed the widow, the owner of the shop, the most shocked father into the house to meet|Kill the widow, the owner of the grocery store in the middle of the village. Father didn't see to wake up to open the shop. Open the door to be taken aback. Found a daughter lying on his back, sinking the pile of blood on the bed, the reporter reported that today (3 July) at 09.00 hrs. When the 191 police officer was informed by Mr. Wan, 74, the father of the deceased that the murder of the grocery store Located in Village No. 1, Ban Pong Hai, Pong Hai Subdistrict, Seka District, Bueng Kan Province. Below open as a shop for a request. Located in the center of the village There are villagers watching the events of criticism. As well as mentioning the cruelty of this murderer Nana at the back of the product stall, next to the stairs, 2nd floor, found the horror image of Mrs. Ananya or Je Daeng, 47, the daughter who called to notify 191, the owner of the house and the owner of the shop. The villain used sharp objects, wound the throat, wound, abyss. Lying on his back, sinking the blood on the bed The body was wearing a short -sleeved V -neck shirt. Black shorts T -shirts were dismantled under the milk, inspecting the lost property, with 3 baht necklace, 1 baht bracelet, 2 bands, 1 OPPO brand phone and the bag of money sold, expected to be tens of thousands of baht. Because it is the sale of food for 2 days, Friday and Saturday. Will bring the money sold to the bank on the afternoon of Monday after the autopsy Officials have brought the dead body to check the wound and the death again at the hospital, but the relatives still beside the death issue. That it was cut off his neck before death or died, then the criminal then proceeded to cut his neck Therefore had to send the body to the autopsy at the Forensic Department Srinakarin Hospital Khon Kaen again tomorrow morning, Mrs. Serm, 57 years old, the neighbors said that the deceased is a kind person. Anyone who comes to buy the product, if you don't have money, then take it first, then come to pay later, just like Mrs. Natamon, 39 years old, the neighbors say that they are close to each other. Just being a loud voice No harm to anyone Every morning you will wake up to the market every day. At night, after closing the shop, about 4-5 o'clock will not open to anyone. Except those who are really close To open to sell Because he was careful because he was at home alone. Pol. Col. Arak Masa Nang, Deputy Chief of Police, Bueng Kan Province, said that from the preliminary investigation, it was found that the last night was around 4pm. Still open, normally there are customers coming to buy things Should close the shop at about 5 pm and found a body in the morning. When Mr Wan Bun Pakdi, the father of the deceased, found that the criminals were used to cut the neck. And the deceased was only in the shop Due to divorce with her husband 6 years ago and lived at the shop with grandchildren But on the day of the incident, the grandchildren did not come with Which the police have proven the evidence to collect DNA from the blood and fingerprints at the scene. The outside is allowing the investigation to look at the CCTV in various angles. This murder was set up at the issue of killing to rob a single issue first. In this case, the supervisor is very interested. Because it was a shocking case in the area of Maj. Gen. Yong Yong Vej, the Commander in Chief 4 ordered to expedite the case and send the police to investigate down to help follow the criminals. At this time, he was chasing investigation. Probably not beyond the ability of the police to follow and chase the criminal to prosecute soon.
The police examined 14 suspects. The case of killing the neck "Je Daeng", the widow, the owner of the shop.|The progress of killing the widow, the owner of the shop, the owner of the commander, expected to get the killer soon. The latest 14 suspects (4 July 65) at 14.00 hrs. Reporters followed the progress of the murder of Mrs. Anan. Ya or Je Daeng, 47 years old, the owner of the grocery store in the heart of Ban Pong Hai village, Pong Hai Subdistrict, Seka District, Bueng Kan Province, after being used by a killer Found as a corpse on the ground floor that opened as a grocery store. Until the wound was absent Lying on his back, sinking the blood on the bed The body was wearing a short -sleeved V -neck shirt. Black shorts T -shirts were discussed under the milk. The incident occurred after midnight on July 2, according to the latest news. Pol.Lt.Gen. Thamchak Kongmongkol, Ph.D., Bueng Kan Province and Col. Krai Samut acted ancient, Deputy Commander , Pol. Col. Pattanasak Yi Sanphat, Director of Investigation 2, Police Station 4, Pol.Col. Por. 4, Col. Kiatisak Bamrungsawat, Director of the Police Station, Bueng Kan Province Police Lieutenant Colonel Phakphum was delighted with the police station in the police station. It took more than 2 hours and brought 14 suspects to investigate and collect fingerprints and DNA. When Mr Thanawat, 20 years old, the dead son, searched in his own bedroom again Found 3 baht gold necklace, still in the paper box placed in their bedroom, which was missing, 3 baht bracelet, 1 ring, 2 bands, bags and mobile phones And the wallet that sells Expected to have tens of thousands of baht. As for the Bueng Kan Provincial Justice Office. Victims and Compensation Act Helping to heal money for the deceased family Expected to receive an 110,000 baht remedy, with a reporter talking to a woman who is a friend in a group of civil servants who drank with Daeng Daeng, a young woman who died before the incident. By saying that on the day of the incident, there were 3 civil servants People in Pong Hai Subdistrict Municipality Went to sit and drink with Je Daeng, 1 man, 2 women, and one of them is the 3 people confirmed from Je Daeng's house at 8 pm. After that, he went to see the condition of the body after the incident. Found Jae Daeng, still wearing the same clothes on the night before finding the body Did not change the set Is a drinking set, drinking together, indicating that he has not taken a shower and preparing to go to bed in any way After hearing the news, Mr. Suwanna Kumphiro, President of the Pong Hi Subdistrict Municipality, called all 3 People have already talked to all 3 ready to give. If the police called the latest exam, the police detained the suspect to investigate. Because there was a conflict with the dead before the incident In which this group of youth owes a number of dead Because signing a prepaid card to play the game And online gambling While there is one group of suspects who come to interrogate today at 15.00 hrs. Do not come by appointment and find escape outside the area. Right now, I'm following to interrogate. Maj. Gen. Thammachak Kongmongkol, Ph.D., Bueng Kan Province. Gave an interview to reporters that After meeting with the case to solve the case Went to the area to see the scene See environmental witnesses I don't want to say anything yet. Because officials are working hard Both the investigation and investigation team should have received the accused soon. Because now there are quite a lot of evidence Which there are many people that we have to check Some people have to arrest first because they are charged with drug use. There are still people that we are following. In which the murder is not cut off any issues Paying attention to all issues is the issue. 1. Killing for robbery 2. Kill to clear debt and 3. Adultery Which should have received the offender soon because it is a shocking case As for the police officers who are linked to the dead Now we have interrogated and kept the evidence. If the witness objects come out to confirm Must be prosecuted Which provides fairness to all parties Finally, it is said that the evidence Which has to wait for the results of the forensic examination, probably know the results soon This will match which suspects
Operation"The end of the godfather of Khlong Sam Wa" invaded-seizure of 50 million baht.|The police officers opened the operation to defeat Phairi. "The end of the godfather of Khlong Sam Wa" invades-seizures Jojo Network, Min Buri 50 million baht, reporters reported that On this morning (5 July), a special operation kit defeated Pairi, the Drug Suppression Bureau. Leading the operation of the battle of Pairi "The End of Khlong Sam Wa godfather" by bringing the 2 -story detached house in Soi Hathairat 16 Khlong Sam Wa District, which is the house of Mr Thanakrit or Jojo Min Buri, the accused according to the arrest warrant. Which is considered an important factor Because it is a large drug dealer In the central region That was arrested on June 14, from the search Found the relatives of Mr Thanakrit lived. But did not find that it was involved in the offense of Mr Thanakrit. The authorities have seized the property Because it was found that there was a link and a property obtained from drug trafficking by Pol.Lt.Gen. Pornpitak is sustainable, the police commander of the Narcotics Suppression 1 said that the operation today takes more than 5 years to expand the results due to the Crime Suppression Division being able to arrest Mr Thanakrit's subordinates when Year 2017, with 2,000 amphetamines and said that Mr Thanakrit smuggled drugs from the north. Distributed in the Bangkok and metropolitan areas, the police followed up until Mr Thanakrit had carried hundreds of thousands of crazy grandmother to hide in the house. Before spreading to small traders And there are many behavior in this way Until June Brought the power to arrest Mr Thanakrit with his wife, in which the investigation confessed And admitted that the house with land in Soi Hathairat 16, price 23 million baht, including apartment In Plaeng Yao District Chachoengsao province, priced at 20 million baht, is the money from drugs and money laundering. Both from the investigation found that Mr Thanakrit has no career. No source of income There is no tax payment, so it can be believed that Mr Thanakrit has come to be the money from drugs. For this operation, can arrest 4 arrest warrants. After this, there will be further expansion. In order to seize and hold the property of this movement
Discovering the child is not happy. Mother gives money from different father.Use a mother to hit the mother.Extinguish the steaming stove|Detained to the plan, the 27 -year -old son is not happy that the mother Bring money and belongings to the older brothers and sisters who come to help farm. Using a piece of wood to hit the mother's head, tragic beside the stove, steamed rice, reporters reported that on 4 July, at about 18.30 hrs. Khon Kaen province was notified of the killing of death at Baan Pradu, Dun Salak Subdistrict, Kranuan District, therefore reported to the supervisor. After that, coordinating the doctor on duty. Foundation staff Investigation police officers And the police officers in the police station. Kranuan inspected the scene of the incident. It was a single -story house, located in Village No. 3, Ban Ton Pradu, Dun Salak Subdistrict, Kranuan District, Khon Kaen Province, located in the north of the village and is away from the community. The surrounding area is a rice field, sugarcane forest, rubber plantation, inspecting the back of the house, found the body of Nang Noi, aged 52 years, died. The right head area is broken, a deep wound, like a solid. The surrounding condition has no signs of fighting or dismantling items. Near the body, found a log of a diameter of about 2 inches, about 1 meter long, stained, chosen from the investigation. The husband of the deceased testified that before the birth was jointly apart from the residence, with the dead, the dead, Mr. Thanachai, son and Mr. Suksan, who are the children of Nang Noi (Son, father, father), whose family is in Tha Khano District, Kalasin Province, came to help farm before the incident at about 12.00 hrs. While staying for lunch Mr Thanuchai noticed Nang Noi took the money and belongings in the house to Mr. Suksan. As a result, Mr Thanuchai was dissatisfied with Nang Noi and when Mr Suksai returned to the guesthouse in Kalasin at around 18.30 hrs. While he was collecting corn at the plot, which was about 50 meters away from the house, heard a loud noise. 1 time up and heard the voice of the little lady singing Therefore rushed back to the house Saw Mr Thanuchai The son rushed to the way out of the guesthouse. And saw the little lady falling on the ground There was a blood flowing himself, so he cried after Mr Thanuchai, the son, "Why did you kill the mother? Why did you kill me? "After that, I asked for help from my neighbors to bring Nang Noi. Send to the hospital and know that Nang Noi Died first. And record the scene Ready to seize the wood that the accused uses as a weapon. And received a complaint Before collecting evidence Requesting approval of the Khon Kaen Provincial Court issued an arrest warrant for Mr Thaisachai, 27 years old, the son of the deceased before being able to follow up and arrest Mr Thanu Chai in the area of Kranuan district at the later time and detained to point out the cause. Before being sent to the inquiry official Prosecution of the offense of killing others intentionally As for the dead body of Nang Noi, the relatives brought the body back to perform religious ceremonies at Tha Khan To District, Kalasin Province. Mr Bunda Bunkongkong, the assistant headman, Pradu, said that Mr Thanuchai, the crime, moved in. Not long ago in the village By moving from Tha Khano District Kalasin Province Which he did not know what the history of Mr Thanuchai was But from observing behavior is considered a good person Because he didn't interfere with drugs Or go to argue with someone both inside and outside the village. Self cannot be identified But on the day of the incident, it was caused by a terrible mood, so he was shocking. Which after the incident ran away into the sugarcane plantation Before traveling to meet the headman to surrender to the police Which in the area of Dunon Subdistrict There has never been a shocking event like this before.
The Commando Catch the famous father "Nikki Na Chat". The case is trying to kill-the firearm Act.|Commando Special Operation Special Operations Catching the famous singer father "Nikki Na Chat -Mouse Natcha" The case of trying to kill - the firearm Act at 6:00 am (7 kg C. 65) Pol. Maj. Gen. Jiraphop Phurdej, Commander in Chief, ordered Maj. Gen. Phumin Poomphan Muang, Commander in Chief, Police Colonel Chakkrawer Boon Thawikulsawat, Deputy Commander in Chief, Police Colonel Chaiyaphum Amnuaychai, Commander in Chief 5, Police Colonel Abhisan Chairat, Director of News The Police Department, Pol.Col. Close 17 points in 12 provinces, consisting of Chiang Rai, Mae Hong Son, Nonthaburi, Bangkok, Samut Prakan Kanchanaburi, Chachoengsao, Chanthaburi, Nakhon Si Thammarat, Khon Kaen, Nakhon Phanom and Kalasin in accordance with the Commando Battle of the bully. Such as in Nonthaburi Special operations set to block the house number 100, Viphawan Village Airport road 15, Bang Kraso Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province, before arresting Mr. Worachet Chantaphan, the father of a good-humored actress Or the BOO Mouse, the accused according to the arrest warrant, trying to kill, the firearm Act After using the acid firearm to shoot at the truck driver Without knowing the reason There are injuries. And the car was damaged in the area of Nonthaburi province Nakhon Si Thammarat Province Commando leads to arrest Mr. Kom Thanikul, 35 years old, the son of Thanikul or Lao Suan Suan Mali, a spacious in Bangkok and former promoter and manager in the Thai boxing industry, universal boxing and amateur boxing in Thailand, the owner of the nickname "Chao Chao Nor Klam" by Can be caught at the roadside in Ko Khan Subdistrict, Cha -uat District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province In which Mr. Phrom was issued by the court to issue an arrest warrant for the .45 firearms The shot of Mr. Ek Narong Rueangnet, 4 shots in front of the passenger hall on Sang Chuto Road, Old Line, Village No. 9, Wang Sala Subdistrict, Tha Muang District, Kanchanaburi Province. Like not caring for the villagers who are waiting for the bus in any way After that, escape and in Chachoengsao province. Special operations set brought a search warrant for the Criminal Court No. 495/2565 dated July 6, surrounding the house number 92/2, Moo 1, Don Chimplee Subdistrict, Bang Nam Priao District, Chachoengsao Province. It is the house of Mr. Sathaporn Khao Pongchan, 40 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant for the offense of killing others. And offense according to Firearms Act The scene was a detached house, 3 adjacent planted on an area of over 40 rai. Before being besieged to arrest Mr. Sathaporn However, from the search of Mr. Sathapra, the ceiling was at the house. Found only the relatives and family of Mr. Sathaporn for Mr. Sathaporn Is the accused that the official needs. In 2007, after using the .45 firearms, shot Mr. Uthen Lor, the parties where the head died dead The knot came from the land of the land incident at Bueng Nam Rak Subdistrict, Bang Nam Priao District, Chachoengsao Province. Later, arrested and asked for bail in court. Also escaped, refusing to listen to the verdict of the court But there was a reason Therefore reducing the penalty to the prison for life In addition, there is a history of drug involvement with a 12 -year -old prison court. For the said operation, Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirapop Phurdej, Commander in Chief, ordered the Special Operations Division or Commando. Conducting investigative information, the accused who has the behavior of killing others like power, firearms, as well as drug cases That is a danger to society that still escapes the arrest Until it was the source of the carpet of 17 points, 16 people around the country. However, during the late today, Maj. Gen. Jiraphop Phurdej, the Commander in Chief, will announce the conclusion of the performance. Chor.
The police arrested "Father Bae", Nikki Natchat, being killed by the case.Escape insurance in the petition|Announcing the arrest of Nikki Na Chat, escape insurance in the Supreme Court After the court ordered a 5 year prison but lived as usual Is a YouTube number until the police met (7 Jul 65) at 10.58 hrs. At the Central Investigation Headquarters (Bor.Chor.), The Commando police detained 6 accused in question, with Maj. Jiraphop Phurdej, Central Police Commissioner Join in interrogation For this searches, the arrest was cleared the crime in accordance with the arrest warrant of 17 cases, one of which was "Mr. Worachet Chantaphan" or "Father Tak", the father of the young "Nikki Na Chatchantaphan. "Therefore, the court issued an arrest warrant for trying to kill After using a firearm to shoot at the truck driver, Maj. Gen. Phumin Purple Purple Special Operations or Commando said that this arrest It was an old -fashioned case under the "Battle of the Package", with a raid in which the criminals hiding 19 points nationwide. Able to arrest 17 suspects, a total of 17 cases, such as the case of "Mr. Worachet Chantaphan" or "Father Tak", the father of the young "Nikki Na Chatchantaphan", which the investigation of the accused Was prosecuted by the police After the incident, using a firearm of 22 points to shoot a 10 -wheeled driver in front of Chiang Mai resort 6 years ago (2017). In this case, the Court of First Instance and the Court of Appeal sentenced Mr. Worachet for 5 years, but Mr Wora Chet escape insurance in the Supreme Court. Later, the Supreme Court ruled in the Court of First Instance and the Court of Appeal. To imprison Mr. Worachet for 5 years at the end of the year 64, during the warranty in the Supreme Court Mr. Worachet still lives in a normal house in Nonthaburi. Ready to open a YouTube channel until famous, there are many followers Therefore is a way for the police to arrest Mr Worachet Which, from the interrogation, Mr. Worachet testified as the accused under the actual arrest warrant And said that he Did not have a lot of shot at the 10 -wheeled driver, which was the cause of the gun only And the opening of the YouTube channel because he understood that his case was over For the later steps The police will detain Mr. Worachet to send prison according to the Supreme Court by Mr. Worachet, the father of Nikki. With a whacked face Always stressful And did not give any details to the media and also wearing the same set of clothes that have been arrested At this time, there is no relative or the young Nikki appeared in any way. During the detainee, the accused sent the police and the court in the area of the incident. The reporter asked if the accused knew that there was an arrest warrant. And now, how do you feel by Worachet laughing before answering, "Fighting, very comfortable"
Detained Tom girl, cut off the neck "Je Daeng", the owner of the shopClaiming to protect himself because it will be stabbed first|Detained Tom girl, cut off the neck "Je Daeng", the owner of the shop Claiming to protect himself because it will be stabbed first Not telling the dress that was worn on the day of the incident But the knife has left the river (7 Jul 65) at 09.00 hrs. Reporters have been revealed from Police Colonel Kiatisak Bamrungsawat, Phor. Investigation, Bueng Kan Province Last night he detained Ms. Noi Na, 24 years old. Came to investigate because he was a suspect on the night of the incident because it was 1 in 3 people who sat and drank on a marble beside the house and near the window where Je Daeng was sleeping on the sofa. After drinking and eating together with 2 other friends Which are all women I borrowed Jae Daeng motorcycle. At that time, around 21:30 And returned again at about 10 pm Which takes about 1 hour When returning to Je Daeng's house Did not find another friend who sat together, so he entered the house of Je Daeng to return the car keys Being accused by the deceased In which the deceased was angry, grabbed the knife to stab, so he fought the knife up when he could take the knife back, then pushed down to lie on the sofa Then used a knife to cut the neck After that, he went up to the top of the house to find valuable assets. And then came down to remove the ring of the deceased 1 part. The other band could not be removed and then climbed out the window After that, bicycles were riding a pointed knife into the Hi River, which was about 300 meters away from the incident and yesterday, threw the rings of the deceased to the side of the sofa that was found in the corpse. Causing a lot of doubt and unusual Due to the day of the incident, the Bodh Daeng found that everyone has searched for everything at the scene and nearby, what assets were dropped at the scene but did not find the said band. Which came to meet yesterday, it was a very strange matter Therefore, it is expected that someone involved in this murder is the one who brought this ring. Which should not be the suspect who was previously detained And the target changed to 3 people who were drinking Before finding the body of Jae Daeng, today Police Lieutenant Colonel Adisak North Pho Thong inquiry official Will bring the evidence at the way Bueng Kan came to detect DNA, which has 1 ring. And the hair imported Region 4, to compare with the DNA of the suspect according to the forensic science, the ring that has just been found at the scene. Currently, the police investigation set 4 is taking the exam for Ms. Noi Na to find additional evidence. From claiming that the day of the incident was wearing a red shirt, shorts To be assembled as evidence in the case As for the sharp knife that used to slaughter the neck, the police would use a diver to help the Maha Knife that Tom claimed to throw into the Huai Huai. Currently, there is a lot of water because it is the rainy season. The water flows deeply, so it is an obstacle to search. However, if the law of the law has come out with this suspect There will be no problems. Reporters reported that At this time, the allegations have not been made to this girl in any way. Due to the process of collecting evidence in order to request permission to issue an arrest warrant In order to follow the legal process after the investigation set The provincial province, Bueng Kan Province and the Provincial Administration 4, detained a girl, Tom, a young Miss Je Daeng, who came to investigate because on the night of the incident, the girl with 2 other friends, a total of 3 people, sitting and drinking at the side of the deceased's house. Due to the suspicion from the footprints of the blood up to the 2nd floor and the ring that was lost, someone was returned in the folk side of the sofa. Therefore detained the girl Tom, who was suspected to investigate Initially, confessing That after bringing the car keys back Causing Je Daeng to be angry, so he grabbed a sharp knife about 1 steps in order to hurt himself to take the knife back Then used to cut the neck of the red Je until the death, which is the latest defense This afternoon, officials are trying to find additional evidence to tie the girl Tom. And to request permission to issue an arrest warrant And the inquiry official will report the charges of killing the dead But Tom didn't give up than to put the red shirt that day and the pants were throwing blood. But just said that the sharp knife used to cause the incident had thrown into the Hui River Therefore helped each other to search and coordinate the diver to be fond of But unable to work Due to rain And deep water, the currents flow very turbulent Therefore still unable to enter the said belt
Know Father Nikki-Na Chat.YouTube, the owner of the famous omelette clip, over 3 million views|Know Father Nikki-Na Chat. YouTube, the owner of the famous omelette recipe, over 3 million views and the owner of a resort in Mae Taeng District. Chiang Mai is one of the YouTube numbers that have a lot of followers. For the PAI91.5 Resort of the brother or Father Tok-Worachet Chantaphan, the owner of the resort and YouTube, the famous number of the two young actors Nikki Na Chat and Mouse-Natcha Chant The content of the channel is a food teaching style. Teaching agriculture According to Father's lives And gave knowledge about various diseases As well as being taken to review many famous stores Currently, the followers up to 5.23 hundred thousand people. The Pai91.5 Resort channel comes from the father's resort named Pai 91.5, located at the 91.5 kilometer, Mae Taeng District, Chiang Mai Province. The way to Pai District And is a place to shoot a clip, which many people may be familiar with the father from the famous clip 5 years ago and when the name is "tear every textbook, every theory with the" Minced Pork Omelette "menu will be crispy. "Recipe for Mom" to see L PAI91.5  late (7 July). The clip has over 3 million views. Great recipe omelette Already have over a million views
Invade tourist policePatrol, collect tribute, entertainment venueShooting against the car park|Special staff, Department of Provincial Administration, plan to invade tourist police Patrol, collect tribute, entertainment venue Shooting against the parking lot of the mall (7 July 65) at 19.30 hrs. Mr. Crown Thipsiri, Director of Law Operations Center, Administrative Officer Bureau of Investigation and Legal Affairs, Department of Provincial Administration Along with the special operations officers, the Department of Provincial Administration, integrated with the administrative officer of Bang Yai District, and the police officers of Bang Yai Police Station were arrested. Tor. 3, together with Mr. Manat, 46 years old, the people of Suphan Buri In the parking lot in front of a department store, Village No. 6, Sao Thong Hin Subdistrict, Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province While the sword of the Phu Wa Net police and Mr. Manat drove to collect tribute to entertainment venues in Nonthaburi province, with officials being able to seize a number of symbols In which the two suspects collected money from the entertainment venue earlier While arresting, almost a shot, firing a clash. Fortunately, the officers drove the car, ending the face, not allowing both the suspects to escape from the parking lot. By the sword of the Phu Wa Net police Drive a Tourist Police Lip Tourist brand, TOYOTA bronze, silver, registration number, KT-1840, Bangkok, car number 112-03. Said that this arrest was due to the special set of complaints from entertainment entrepreneurs That officials are impersonating as a special set of the Department of Provincial Administration With a heavy collection of tribute in Bang Yai District, therefore coordinated the entertainment entrepreneur to plan the arrest Until the incident, the two suspects drove the car to collect tribute to many entertainment and entertainment. The specialized officer of the Provincial Administration Department has therefore driven to the parking lot of the said department store and searching for arrest. He would like to tell you about all entertainment entrepreneurs that the Special Administrative Special Department has never had a policy or allowing the officers to collect tribute or all kinds of porch. In the face and if the entertainment venue is aware of the tribute to the entertainment institution officials, it will be considered guilty.
The most confusing pizza officer wearing a hand to punch in front of the mall.Despite not knowing|The most confusing pizza delivery staff at the front of the mall's parking lot. Despite not knowing Never had a story with anyone. I do not know what to do for (8 July 65). At 08.00 hrs. Reporters were reported that at the G floor, the parking lot under the famous department store, Pluak Daeng, Pluak Daeng District, Rayong Province. Being attacked until the bridge broke the face, must sew up to 8 needles at Pluak Daeng Hospital Which was an event at 11:00 am on July 7, the reporter then traveled to meet with Mr. Anudit (Sanguan surname), 23 years old To send pizza To customers around Wang Khaeng community, Pluak Daeng District, after completing the order He drove back to the shop to receive orders. The next customer and while he drove to the G floor and was about to walk up to the shop on the mall. I noticed that There was a strange man who followed because the man was wearing a hat all the time. He didn't care about anything. But when he walked to the point of attack, which was a corridor to the bun on the mall Followed and used to support himself to punch himself into the face At that time, I shouted and asked, "Who? Why did you do it?" But the person who attacked didn't stop. So he flicked his strength and came out and ran away. In which what he was abused, the man was a female face, not a man, therefore attacked his back like this. After the incident Shoes shop owner And the shop staff at the scene of the incident Ran out to see The person who attacked then stopped and got on a motorcycle to drive away. Later, Mr. Anudit Went to ask to see pictures from the CCTV clip of the mall Therefore clearly saw the moment when the man followed himself and followed to attack himself at the niche of the mall Which at this point is a musty corner without CCTV After the incident, he went to heal himself. The doctor informed that the bone crack. The face has 2 torn marks. Must sew up to 8 needles. Confirm to reporters that In the past, there has never been a story with anyone and never drove to cut anyone. Why did he hurt? Initially, the evidence was collected from the CCTV clip. Which saw the car registration in which the criminal escaped Already reported to the Pluak Daeng police station To allow the police to follow the offender to prosecute. Found a dry blood stain attached to the ground at many points Reporters talked to the event. Is a shop staff, Mr. Chana Chai, 23 years old, told that In the morning at the accident I was in the shop. Suddenly heard the voice of the shop beside the shop. At first I thought that people fell. Next, then leaned to see through the glass channel. Therefore clearly saw that pizza people were wearing a helmet Punch non -stop They heard the pizza shouting, "Who? Who did you do?" After both of them doted about 20 seconds, they separated. He then went out to the store to see the incident and found that the pizza was so little that he had a wound and bleeding nonstop. After the incident, the person who attacked The pizzermaker went on a motorcycle to escape from the incident. At this time, Riler sent Fizza, hoping that Police officers of Pluak Daeng police station will speed up the puzzle man to prosecute as well.
The NACC attacked the gang girl "SN77" drug trafficking, holding a house, a luxury car, a hundred million assets.|The NACC attacked the girl gang leader "SN77" with a former boyfriend, a prisoner seized 6 luxury car houses, assets of hundreds of millions (8 July 65). Expanding the results of the arrest of 5 million methamphetamine tablets, 120 kilograms of ice to arrest the leader of the drug trafficking gang "SN77" with a boyfriend who has a history of drug trafficking. Ready to seize luxury car houses, luxury watches, worth over 100 million baht. Ordered the police to suppress Narcotics with the Office of the NACC, Region 1 and military intelligence unit. Distribution is searching for 10 target areas in Bangkok, Nonthaburi and Saraburi to arrest the drug gang "SN77", which is expanding from the case of the arrest of 5 million tablets 120 kilograms of the Metropolitan Police Bureau in 2017. By one of the important goals Is the house of Miss Saranya SN77 drug trafficking leader near Borommaratchachonnani Road Taling Chan District, Bangkok, which, from the search, the police can arrest Ms. Saranya together with Mr. Chokphiphat The boyfriend who just released a drug case in 2020, with over 10 items, as a house with 6 expensive cars, luxury watches and short pistols with ammunition. The total value of over 100 million baht. The police investigation found that Miss Saranya has a network linked to the drug trafficking process from neighboring countries. Can contact to import large amounts of drugs, including methamphetamine, Ice Keitamine. Will be responsible for contacting the drug network in the area And help to import drugs To be sold in various areas in Bangkok and its surrounding provinces. Will bring money to buy expensive cars Beautiful number license plate Buy amulets And luxury watches. Police arrested Mr. Sirichai, 31, and Gomet, 24 years old, with 7 hundred thousand amphetamine, 1 pickup truck at a gas station. In the area of Chayangkun Road, Kham Awan Subdistrict, Mueang District, Mukdahan Province While preparing to bring the said drug to the customer In which the police will expand the arrest of the remaining relevant parties
Confused. The girl Tom killed the neck of the red Je.Claiming to tease the real murderer to death|The girl Tom killed the neck of Je Daeng. Claiming to tease the real murderer to death The police have to let go first because there is no evidence to condone reporters from Bueng Kan province that After the police investigated the Bueng Kan and the Provincial Region 4, detained the suspect, Ms. Noi Na, the girl Tom, who was 1 in 3 people who were drinking at the side of the house, Daeng before finding the body. Which was first detained Bor. Tom has been confessing. Claiming that after borrowing the Red Car and will return the motorcycle key But was accused by Jae Daeng Therefore arguing and arguing Causing Je Daeng to be angry, to grab the pointed knife, which is about 1 long, will stab himself, so the fighting has occurred When he can take the knife Therefore measured or swinging back and forth, causing the neck of the deceased after the incident The police went to detect the feet, women who are not yet very old, walk up to the 2nd floor and in the bedroom, then collect the DNA to check with a number of hair in the hands of the deceased. Which is expected to be the hair of the criminal In addition, there are fragments in the nails of the deceased. These 2 days, the investigation of the girl Tom has always been around. Both denied Causing the investigation to follow each other, but in the end, claiming that the confession was made to make the real criminal die and to allow the police to arrest the real culprit When investigated for 2 days, unable to find evidence to request the subpoena to issue an arrest warrant and report the allegations. Therefore have to let go first According to the law, the inquiry official was able to detain no more than 48 hours. The latest reporters reported that The atmosphere in the high -rise Park is very lonely. Not as bustling as every day In which the suspects were investigated and relatives came to visit the clothes to change the food Assembling rain falls periodically throughout the day
Wife carrying a million bailTourist police collect tribute with a partner. Hurry and get into the car.|Tourist police collect tribute With a friend, the partner has bailed 1 million baht per person before hurrying to get into the car to escape the reporter from the case of special operations officers, Department of Provincial Administration Bringing the arrest of Major General Phu Wames Hiranwongwaradon, Commander in Chief of the Tourism Authority of Thailand, 1 kg. 1, Tor. 3, together with Mr. Manas, 46 years old, the people of Suphan Buri Province. In the parking lot in front of a department store, Village No. 6, Sao Thong Hin Subdistrict, Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province While the sword of the Phu Wa Net police and Mr. Manat impersonated as the Department of Provincial Administration Drive to patrol, collect tribute to entertainment venues in Nonthaburi Province, with officials able to seize cash of 100,000 baht to the symbol. In which the two suspects collected money from the entertainment venue earlier And was overlapping the arrest plan. Later, Maj. Gen. Sukhun Pornnan, the tourist police commander Have a letter Tourist Police Headquarters 556 /2562 to Major Pumes, Commander of the Tourism Station, 2, 1 Tourist Police Division 1, leaving the government's civil service before the progress of the case last night at 23.00. (8 Jul 65) at Bang Yai Police Station, Wife, Phu Wames and relatives of Mr. Manus Brought 1 million baht securities to the investigation officer of Bang Yai Police Station and was allowed to bail Before hurrying to take both of them in the car, the relatives tried to prevent reporters from taking pictures. Before driving out of the police station quickly
Won "Teacher Dan", a famous cubit teacherBeing deceived-catching, hitting the ransom 24 million|The family of Mr. Ram Moriphan or Teacher Dan, a famous cube teacher Complained that Teacher Dan was deceived in a minority area (Wow Daeng), a neighboring country since the beginning of 2022, with Teacher Dan's mother stating that his son had to suffer. Being used by labor does not come back I am no way to help my children. Because there is a ransom of 24 million baht. On Facebook, the fan page, JB Five Channel, revealed a picture of Teacher Dan while being imprisoned. And hit the fetter with chains on the wrist, ankle And stated that Teacher Dan is not involved in drugs. But was tempted by acquaintances Claiming to take the capitalist to make money to make a movie But finally being arrested as a hostage for ransom in the past, coordinated with many agencies but had no progress Therefore came out to ask the media And the entertainment industry, including society, helping to spread the news. Tomorrow (11 July), the relatives and close people of Teacher Dan will travel to complain at the Royal Thai Police. To ask for help from Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, Commander in Chief and Pol.Lt.Gen. There are many outstanding works, such as the movie Bang Rachan, which also has the ability to direct the queue.
Attacking the 4 large call center gang in Cambodia, collecting 89, the accused was sent back to Thailand.|July 11, 2022 in Phnom Penh Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat, Deputy Director of the Director of the Information Technology Crime Suppression Center (PCT), revealed that it was assigned by Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, with the group of Mr. Chaiwut Thanasanusorn, Minister of Digital Economy and Society. In order to discuss and record the understanding (MOU) to solve the problem of call center gangs and cyber crimes Bilateral with the Cambodian government As well as following up the results of the arrest of 4 large call center gangs, 74 suspects to prosecute in Thailand. Maj. Gen. Damrongsak said that previously sent more than 20 PCT Operations Set 1, led by Maj. Gen. Samphan Nuchanart Police Major General Thanit Thai Watcharamas, Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission, Pol.Col. Sathit Phrom Uthai, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission, Pol.Col. Kor Kor. 1, SorBorSor. Sor. 5, led by Maj. Gen. Theeradej Thammasuthi, Commander in Chief of the Police Station 2/ The director investigated the investigation group. Police Station 2, Col. Chakrawut Khlai Nil, Director of the Investigation, Rayong Province, ready to coordinate with the police with Phayao to To help follow up the arrest of the arrest warrant, leading to the operation of 5 points, including arresting 74 arrest warrants, while discovering Thai people working with the accused group. Therefore brought out to investigate the case of another 15 people, a total of 89 detained, Deputy Commander in Chief said that the arrest of the 4 gang gangs received a good cooperation from the Thai Embassy in the city. Phnom Penh Cambodia Police Assistant Police And Cambodian police Which today is a journey to encourage officials and thank the Cambodian police only Since all the accused is still in the process of prosecution under the Cambodian law Such as immigration laws Which, when the process is completed Cambodia will send all the accused to Thailand. In which he and PCT officials will come to pick up in Sa Kaeo province to take to investigate further prosecution In the past, we were able to issue a 237 call center arrest warrant for an arrest warrant of 138 and in the process of coordinating the arrest of another 99, the director of PCT said that the prevention and suppression of online crime Especially the call center gang And Hybrid Scam is an urgent policy of Prime Minister General Prayut Chan -ocha Because it is a problem that causes great damage to the people at the moment By assigning MDEs and the police to find measures to prevent and suppress seriously and continuously. The public can report clues at the Royal Thai Police Station 1441 or Sor Por Sor. 081-8663000. The injured person can Report online at www.thaipoliceonline.com In addition, it also made the format of the criminal plan for the public to recognize.
The results of the blood stains on the white cloth are not "watermelon".|At 11:00 am today (11 July), the Ministry of Justice has announced. The proof of white fabric proof of watermelon case after the Department of Special Investigation has inspected 6 issues from the transfer of evidence to the Institute of Forensic Science. And the Department of Geology According to the summary of the investigation, it was found that the blood stains match the ethnic ethnic Indians confirmed that it was blood. But not a woman Not the watermelon. Such fabric is not the same as watermelon. The trace was slit, not appearing. The hair confirmed that it belongs to a man. European ethnic ethnic, not sandy soil that corresponds to the Chao Phraya River. No lack of lack of fabric, like in the fabric of the watermelon, found that the first picture was not gloomy. But when opening There is a turbidity like soaking, causing change. Woranan Sri Lan, Director of the Special Case Management Division A spokesman for the Department of Special Investigation revealed that blood stains from fabric Is the blood of the male And found the hair that fell in the fabric The genetic material is compatible with the blood in the fabric. The blood found is not Asian directly. The mud -mud powder does not match the proven. When looking at all the evidence No evidence was found in the Murder. DSI examined everything. Not comments But there are some groups Who tried to create evidence, such as in this case, the fabric was sent from abroad When checking the name of the recipient Found that there was no civil registration Open the wrap to find that Close to Khun Watermelon But there are mixed things Found that trying to create blood stains and mud marks For a group of people who are trying to divert the facts, there is a violation of the law. People can report clues. But must have a source Not evidence floating on the side Assistant Professor Worawi Waiwut, Deputy Director of the Forensic Science Institute, said From the inspection of blood stains, it was deliberately causing blood distribution. Does not occur from the wound Evidence, if not true Science can explain everything, while Lieutenant Thanakrit Jit Arirat Secretary of the Minister of Justice Stated that the actions of the said group Causing damage Investigation has a lot of expenses. Who sent anything, must consider that Is it a fact? If making false evidence Confirm not to let go All prosecution Because it is something that causes damage to the investigation of the committee is considered the victim Should go to complain to the person who caused damage. Pol. Col. Phaya Thongsen, Deputy Director -General, revealed that the inspection did not find evidence that it was a murder. The blood on the fabric is not the watermelon and the hair found is not your watermelon. Including minerals attached to the fabric, it is not a mineral that corresponds to the Chao Phraya River. What Mr. Genius came to sing Is a shifting request No evidence There are only things that believe that And thought that it was like that What the cry will be a matter of credit to the inquiry official. Is something that disagrees But there is no evidence to confirm Such issues Will cause the investigation to cause problems Because there is no evidence to confirm Especially the complaint of a person who is a murder Regarded as defamation Accused of damage Able to exercise legal rights
The court provided "Hi -So Sea" with the case of robbing a Singapore businessman.Order to attach the EM bracelet|Progress in the case of Singaporean businessmen reported that Mr Tharit or Hi -So, the sea and Mr. Phet, a software engineering businessman, along with the robbery. By using firearms to detain the entertainment venue Then steal the property into 1 Porsche car, Kyenn model, along with cash And another amount of property worth 4.5 million baht. (11 July 65) at 13.15 hrs. Police officers in Huai Khwang Police Station detained both of them in the criminal court for the offense. And imprisoned. "The case of robbery, Mr. Yang Hui, a Singaporean businessman At the entertainment venue in the area of Meng Jai, together with the 7 people, robbing 1 Porsche Car Car, cash and property of over 4.5 million baht. The Huai Khwang Police Station has detained the high -class and Mr Petch board the car to control the accused to Went to ask for the power of the Criminal Court, Ratchadaphisek Road, deposit the first fry for 12 days, with the investigating officers opposed the bail Because the said case is a high penalty case There are also 5 people who are still in the process of arresting. Therefore afraid that if the two suspects were bail May escape and mess with the evidence, while the two suspects were detained in the accused. Which is parked at the road behind the high -class police station and Mr. Petch Maye, a serious expression Mr Phet said to the short reporter, stating that "I want to ask the victim to speak the truth." Before getting in the car to control the accused immediately at the same time. While the investigative officers detained both the accused to be imprisoned, 1 in 5 people left to meet the inquiry officials. Huai Khwang Police Station in the afternoon as well. Most recently (12 July 65), the Criminal Court appoints the petition in which Mr. Tharit or Hi -So, Mr. Petch and Mr Thomthong or Tom, the accused of all 3 of the charges of robbery. Singapore business Filed a temporary release request in the detention level on July 11, after being arrested by the police at Huai Khwang Police Station. The document requests an arrest warrant and the investigation. Saw that the case had only one issue of diagnosis that The accused had a reason to escape. Causing disaster or interfere with the evidence According to the Criminal Procedure Code, Section 108/1 or not, which the inquiry official Oppose the temporary release, with the only reason that the case is highly penalties Afraid that both of them would escape When the behavior is considered There is no fact to confirm. Or showing that both the accused will escape The two suspects are definitely domiciled. There is a clear career. The accused 1 has a young child and family. The escape is probably the result of the 2nd suspect. There is a business, which the escape should affect the trust and the way to find in the future of the 2nd suspect. At a medium level Therefore should be allowed to temporarily release But because the two suspects have the potential to travel Therefore agreeing to control with stricter standards By calling the collateral for 1 million baht per person and to wear electronic devices, follow 90 days if the investigative officer Or the two suspects have an increase in time Or less, give evidence to the court When there is such an cause in the future And do not leave the country To inform the immigration office When the contract has been completed, the warrant can be released. Arresting request documents Assembled in the investigation Saw that the inquiry official opposed the temporary release for one reason that The case has a high penalty rate, afraid that the accused will escape. When the facts have been investigated, the accused surrendered to the official himself. The accused was a police officer. Have a job position Have a definite domicile for a long time It is unbelievable that the accused will escape easily. Therefore, it should be allowed to be temporarily released if breaking the contract. Fine 500,000 baht by specifying the conditions prohibiting the accused to attach frequent or close to the injured and the family.
Social disaster, a young man kicks the 76 -year -old grandmother, fainting the blood of the blood road in the brain.Claiming like the old plaintiff|Page "Sai Mai must survive" Post clips and text ... "##this morning The criminal Is a middle -aged man Hurt Yanong, 76 years old while walking inside Soi Phahonyothin 50, Bang Khen District, Grandma is about to enter the house The criminal passed by to kick his feet in the face. Until the grandmother fell into his head Right now, sleeping at the Bhumibol Hospital, the doctor found that there was blood in the brain. This case, Elder Kop, said that .. Hey like this can't be released. Must be prosecuted tomorrow 10.00 hrs. Elder Ek will take Grandmother to report to Bang Khen police station. " The founder of the silk page must survive, taking Mrs. Thanaporn, 54, the daughter of the victim. Traveled to meet Pol. Col. Sarawut Butdee, Deputy Director of the Bang Khen Police Station to report the offender to Pol. At 11:00 am on July 11, the police officer of Bang Khen police station was notified of 1 male criminal causing rampage and physical assault. Knowing the name later, Mr. Pongsan, 28 years old, is a person. There is no place to live. While detaining and interrogating The culprit still provided Speaking without knowing things like a drunken person And still in the body examination process Before detained, sent to the Rachada Court today, Pol. Col. Sarawut said that in addition, the police were informed that There was a injured person from this incident. The name was Mrs. Anong, 76 years old, with a wound on his left eyebrows, the back skull was swollen. Sleeping and resting at Bhumibol Hospital And is the same person that appears in the CCTV clip as well In addition, the police have been informed that a drunken criminal rampage destroys ATMs before. Which must check whether the same person or not. Mr Ekkaphop revealed that the case is considered a social danger Must proceed to the end Whether drunk, amphetamines, or pretending crazy, must prosecute Because if left, it may be more violent with innocent people Initially, it was reported that the culprit may have symptoms of drug addiction and hallucinations. For nowadays there are a lot of people of this type. If arrested, then would like to prosecute the relevant charges at all. Mrs. Thanaporn is 54 years old, saying that the injured is her mother. Normally, the mother lives at the apartment. Close to the scene alone In which he will visit once a week Because there is a house at Khlong 11, Pathum Thani Province, after knowing the news at this time, still unable to visit the mother Therefore do not know what the current symptoms are Confirmed that he would prosecute the culprit to the ultimate. And when going out, will always tell On the day of the incident, Mrs. Anong Didn't say where to go Until the villagers in the neighborhood ran in and said that Mrs. Anong was attacked by a madman. So hurriedly went out to see the injured sitting on the pathway And do not know how to be assaulted With what weapon Before hurrying to the hospital and informed the police officers, Tenang Chusri said that after the police arrested the man Had the opportunity to meet the culprit In which this man always walks through this area And do not know who it is from Knowing just a bad consciousness Looks like a drunken drug rather than drunk. However, the path is a lonely path. At night, no one will pass. Which many years ago, a young woman was snatched by a villain, also reported that Bang Khen Police Station detained Mr. Pongsan or Big, aged 28, who committed the incident shortly after the incident. With a walk not far from the scene Initially, officials have reported charges of drunkenness, causing annoyance before the investigation of Mr. Pongsan. That is still in a state of intoxication, knowing that before the incident, drinking 40 degrees, 1 vest and walking with grandmother, which looks like an old plaintiff who had cursed that he didn't work. Therefore walked to ask for money, but Grandma did not give at all I can't remember how many times I kicked. And never knew before In the past, I have been treating drugs 2 times at a time 4 months and before being caught by using 3 methamphetamine, resulting in hallucinations. And when asked why many people pass by, so do not hurt others The offender answered that "In the queue, the police" initially reported the charges of drunk and reported additional physical assault charges. After this, will have to wait for the injured physical examination results to be able to increase the penalty or not. Before detaining the court to prosecute legal proceedings Reporters reported that Mrs. Anong felt well. Symptoms And speak better By complaining that he wanted to go home However, the relatives will move to the Crown Hospital.
"Big Joker" promised to help "Teacher Dan", a famous queue teacher.Being caught by a red ransom 24 million|"Big Joker" promised to help "Teacher Dan", a famous queue teacher. Being caught by the red -ransom 24 million, but admitted that the coordination is quite difficult from the case of Mr. Ram Moriphan or Teacher Dan here, a martial art teacher or the queue in the Thai film industry, being faked by friends. Claiming to take funds to make movies But was captured by the Red Armed Forces Wear a chain, tie Used as a slave in the morning, with 1 vegetable, divided by nearly 20 people. After being captured, only 1 clip and 1 letter that the red was sent to the mother. In exchange for 24 million ransom. Now I am in the military prison, the red administrative district of Tao, Myanmar, I was put in a fetter chain in my legs. Forced to labor from 05.00 hrs until evening every day Used to work hard, various jobs In the sun until the rain The inflammation muscles do not have any medicine to eat. Must be painful until healed I was very painful on both shoulders and the back wing. Because the muscles are torn from cutting firewood for 2 months every day The wood is cut into a pile of houses. Must use a pound to smash the steel pound as half the palm of the hand to tear the wood from the large pieces one by one, have to eat empty and boiled water every day, 1 vegetable, eat 10-20 people's rice, at night, can not sleep for a lot of night, which Stepping on the nose, running through the body every night Cold weather Was so cold that he couldn't sleep The chain is attached to the legs, it will be cold and will hurt the legs when sleeping. When turning around, the chain will overlap the legs. Which must work, must walk like a duck, can walk The chain was strangled until the wound couldn't walk many times. But I have to work, who doesn't work. I don't want to talk about what I can get hit by. Because if I escaped Someone ordered to shoot only The person who ordered is Thai people who deceive me here. I was threatened to kill many times. I have been sent to him to shoot me. Fortunately, that creditor (stepfather), he was kind to do nothing. Because I don't know anything, I didn't do anything wrong. There was another younger person who was tricked together. You are so scared. I can't do anything. Crying The stepfather asked me Are you cheating? You cheat money, right? If 2 days, I won't be able to die. We can only say that I don't really know anything. My brother and another brother (named Tong) was locked in a small room. On the Doi in the middle of the rubber plantation for almost 20 days, so he agreed to release all I told. With both the evidence and evidence My place is currently imprisoned and photos. I have sent my mother on the line. I have been here from January 6 to the present. Enter the 3rd month and pay respect to me. It is important if the person who deceived me came to know the news before helping me. He may move me to another place. I may not have survived. Thank you to everyone for helping me. Thank you friends All kind people who are here I love my parents the most. This life is doing the best. I am a good person of society for parents to be proud of. The next life is true. Sorry, my girlfriend I can't do as promised. " Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander of the National Police, revealed that Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengsuk, the National Police Commissioner, assigned himself to come down to see the case. The mother of Mr. Ram Moriphan or Teacher Danny, a famous cubicle teacher Was detained in the Daeng Daeng Ethnic Group Since the beginning of last year And the amount of 400,000 baht has been called to release the son. Initially, must check how the teacher Danny traveled out of the country and did something on the Myanmar side, especially in and out by Is it legal or not, which has to be inspected in this section first? However, I will do the coordination at the level of the Royal Thai Police in parallel with the coordination of the level of the Regional Headquarters. Because the regional level will be closer, accepting that this type of coordination is quite difficult because the form is different from the previous country coordination, because previously asked for cooperation in the call center gang and Human trafficking, Maj. Gen. Surachet Confirmed that it would be as soon as before.
Output, dark hand, use a slingshot to shoot the head of the nutPut on the train, maintenance of the red line|Output, dark hand, use a slingshot to shoot the head of the nut Insert the red -line maintenance train, damaged The staff injured (13 July 65) Maj. Gen. Amnat Amnat Traipot, Commander in Chief of Staff, revealed that Received a report from Don Mueang Railway Officer that at 02.00 hrs. On 13 July, Mr. Sarakuna was the IMV driver (maintenance car), the Red Line electric train. Running between Bang Sue-Rangsit Reported to Police Colonel Thep Phithak Sin, Siphom, (investigated), Don Mueang Police Station, that he was injured by a glass of mirror on his hands and many officers were slightly injured from the glass. 14.57 hrs. On 12 July, while he and the injured On the maintenance train When driving back to Don Mueang Station Before reaching the U -turn bridge, Soi Vibhavadi Rangsit 33, Sikan Subdistrict, Don Mueang District, Bangkok. Then use a slingshot to shoot the head of the nut Enter the car at least 3 matches to hit the entrance to the car room, hit the glass train behind the driver's position. That is 1 step away from his head And many other positions were damaged Including officials who were hit by glass The power revealed that After knowing the matter Which is the area responsible for the train Have to investigate the train to inspect the area and expect that the criminal group is probably a group of teenagers who are prank in that area
The young Suphan escaped an arrest warrant for rape.|At 21:30 hrs. On 13 July, Pol.Col. Wikrom Kongthong, Deputy Deputy (Investigation), Lat Bua Luang Police Station, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, was notified of the incident. Extraordinary police officers Inside a pump on the highway number 340, inbound, Bangkok, Village No. 5, Sam Mueang Subdistrict, Lat Bua Luang District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province Went to investigate the incident and reported to Pol. Col. Chakkaphan Osatakan, Director of the Police Station, Lat Bua Luang, Doctor, Doctor, Prosecutor And the staff of the Ruam Piety Foundation at the parking lot in front of the bathroom, found a black Honda Jazz sedan car inside the car. Lying face down in the car gear, asking the staff within the pump Told that at about 8:30 pm, a sedan car was parked in front of the bathroom in the pump, then about 15 minutes, with 2 police cars parked without saying anything, then the police got out of the car. The person in the sedan shot 1 shot, then the police shot in the car. And the sound of gunshots rang Until he learned that the person in the car was shot dead, with the police not allowed the media to enter the scene It takes more than 3 hours to collect evidence. Inside the sedan of the deceased The surrounding area at the scene Collect shell The bullet can be made in a total of approximately 30 matches on the body of the deceased. Was shot by more than 20 guns. Col. Chakkaphan Osatakan, the director of Lat Bua Luang Police Station, refused to provide information or details. News media reported that Extraordinary police officers Is a police officer in Suphan Buri Provincial Police Investigation Follow the dead with an arrest warrant. Suphan Buri Provincial Court, 2 means to be charged with children under the age of 15 years. And take children under the age of 15 for indecent
A spokesman for the NESDB, no bounce, 5 tigers, Sai Mai Police Station because of the arrestDid not neglect|A spokesman for the NESDB. Yan Sai Sai Police Station joins the MPs to catch the entertainment venue without bouncy 5 tigers. The youth send a history. If found repeatedly, must be prosecuted. Pol. Maj. Gen. Jirasan Kaewsang -ek, spokesman for the Metropolitan Police Bureau, revealed the case last night. Police, Child and Women's Welfare Division or MPs and many police officers Inspected the Sai Mai entertainment area, able to arrest the youth and find drugs in the shop, from the investigation, found that the arrest of the police, police 191 and Sai Mai Police Station, found that it was a clue from good citizens. And the information in the area has to have a capacity from all units to inspect the said shop until the said offense was found. The Metropolitan Police Headquarters did not order the 5 bounce of the Tiger of the Sai Mai Police Station or the police involved to help the government from the said case in any way. Because it is a joint arrest And is a clue from the local police Therefore it is not a neglect of the said offense. If in the future there is information on the evidence that the police are neglected, it will be disciplined later for the basic store owner. The police reported the allegations of opening the service without permission, consenting or releasing the offense of drug in the store, agreed or neglected the people under the age of 20, which did not work in the service place. Enter the service place , Selling alcohol to those under the age of 20, before being sent to the Sai Mai Police Station, along with the belongings, prosecuting the laws, while the youth that found that they went to the entertainment venue. Ready to coordinate the parents to come to pick up And warned that if found another offense, must be prosecuted according to the law Metropolitan Police Division spokesman Said that after the incident ordered all areas to increase the strictness of the restaurant inspection, liquor stores and entertainment venues To comply with the law on the opening and closing on time specified by the law And publicize the restaurants, shops selling alcohol to proceed with the legal license
Shock, teacher tutor, indecent boy in the villageClaiming not selling only 3-4 victim clips|Students are tutors. Doing pornography in the village Claiming not to sell only 3-4 victims, not 17 people, as news (16 July 65) after the students in the T-District District, Prakhon Chai District, Buriram Province, revealed that a university student in Buriram province, a special teacher Tutoring for children in the village Forced to act and filmed the clip and then banned to tell anyone There are 20 children being done in the village, reporters inspected. Found that the said story is true Initially, knowing that there were 17 students from grade 1-M3 being done, in which the name of the name of Mr. Mai, 20 years old, was the people in the village being arrested by the police at Prakhonchai police station. Fight the case Master A (a fictional name), 11 years old, a grade 5 student, a school says that Mr. Mai is a special teacher That day, invited him to go fishing. Then forced him to take off his pants Put your hand in the genitals After that, Mr. Mai used his mouth to open his genitals. Along with shooting the clip After that, Mr. Mai Threatened not to tell anyone, otherwise they would kill him as well as Mr. B. (assumed), aged 12 years, grade 6 students said that Previously, friends Told that many people were done He then avoided meeting a new master. Therefore survived. Miss Somchit (a hypothetical name), 31 years old, the owner of the boxing camp in the village, said that he would normally train the boxer since young. Anyone interested in practicing at the camp There are a lot of children who come to practice boxing at the camp, but after a child, the child looks like they want to tell you what to ask until you know that many children are done. After that, go to look at your new Facebook page. Found that there is a persuasion to see the Only Fans, which will have to pay $ 10 at a time, or about 340 baht per time and there are many more monthly applications. He immediately knew that he was new. Take a clip to sell to find money. Trying to contact government agencies to help children But a cyber police arrested before this kind of event is considered dangerous. Especially the new master Who acted as a special teacher Then use the opportunity to force the child As you know, there are students in the village being done in almost the whole village. In which each child is afraid of the new master Because he was threatened that If taking the story to tell anyone to kill all Reporters asked Mr. Mai. Accused Came out to admit that There was a real clip. But it was a filming, not serious, confirmed, did not gather the genitals of the child But admitted that he had actually captured the genitals And never submitted images or sold in all channels Just keep the images for yourself. Now that he has been guilty. The story that happened to accept all the mistakes. Therefore would like to request a new excuse. As for the case of legal punishment That filmed a total of 3-4 children's clips, not 17 people as news As for the reason that he was arrested Because the police from the United States Coordinate with cyber police in Thailand. To arrest oneself After that, there was a village headman to bail to fight the case.
12 women became a mistress, unaware of a 60 -year -old man, threatening to make Mia sued.|The big boy deceived more than 12 young women. Once he was caught, he was threatened to be careful of being sued by Mia Sud. There were 8 Facebook, 4 AIG, 3 LINE reported that today (17 July) at 11.00 At the lawyer office, Ratchaphon Sirisakorn, No. 8, Soi Pracharat 5, Intersection 14/3, Talat Khwan Subdistrict, Mueang District, Nonthaburi Province, 12 women aged 40-60 years, who became a mistress without knowing it. Because the 60 -year -old man named Pu claimed to be a Japanese company manager Tricky sex will be like a husband and wife. Despite having a wife already before the distance, by choosing a victim who is a single mother In which all 12 victims had not known each other before Which is now afraid of being sued by Mia And believe that there are still many people who hit the same way Sent a group representative of 3 people to come to consult a lawyer Ratchaphon to help with the inquiry of Nuya (assumed name), 56 years old, said that he has a career as a speaker, a special tutorial in prison He told the name of Facebook with those who came to listen to the lecture. After that, Facebook asked to add friend, which was the Facebook of Mr. Poo, aged 60 years, so he saw it as a southern person. Thought that it was a person who listened to the lecture, therefore greeting each other normally around September Mr. Pu sent a message that he missed. So he asked directly. That he flirted with him, he said that he said that he didn't want someone to talk to. He has been through a family. Want to talk seriously He claimed that he broke up with his wife for 8 years. After that, talked continuously. After that, there was an appointment. He said that he had to live with He is a single stepfather. Want him to live as a family But the unusual thing is When he was told to his brother that someone was flirting, he was not happy. Forbid him to tell him. After that, he brought his message to his Facebook story. Which is opened as a public He called in and said to delete. If not deleting the story, we broke up. He claimed that it was a personal matter of two people and he threatened to quit, after he posted. The person who called through a lot of Facebook Many people are deceived like themselves. Some people are raised. To send sweetness Despite not going to find In case one day will go back to another, so they talked and invited each other to come to the lawyer To help Would like to apologize to his wife We don't know that he already has a wife. If you know it is ready to retreat. He understood the feeling When being unfaithful by a husband It is very painful. I don't want to make women either Must be like this. The grandfather (assumed name), 42 years old, one of the victims said that he works as a civil servant. Get to know this man at the end of 2019 and meet in the middle of 2020. He has a good job. But began to suspect his army When he learned that he had 8 Facebook, 4 ING, 3 LINE and had a legitimate wife. Until meeting the victims as well Therefore greeted him and said that this man had a wife He came to deceive sex. He felt like a man hunting points. Deceive people on social media He saw that it was incorrect, while the lawyer Ratchaphon said that there were 12 victims. There was a number of 60 -year -old man to get to know the melody. Like coming in to live with In the end, he already has a wife. Regarding the unfair contract, with scholars providing information that the court claims damages may be prosecuted. But at present, no one has sued Thai law. Mia can sue the mistress if they were dating and revealed. He was worried because he was dating other husbands without saying that he already had a wife. Afraid of being sued, then came to consult him, so he commented that if he was deceived, if being sued, it would be dismissed. Today I give advice. If anyone happens, this type of incident is reported to confirm the purity. If sued to court, it may be dismissed.
The mother shed tears and apologized to the thief of 39 baht for the child who is a special child.Claiming no money|Open mind, mother was arrested after stealing 3 boxes of 39 baht, claiming no money to buy for children who are special children. The shop manager confirmed the case, found 3 times yesterday (17 July), Police Lieutenant Paiboon, Khun Sarasarn, Deputy Police Station, Muang Sisaket Police Station, arrested Ms. Nan (named Suppose). 51 years old at a convenience store at Nam Kham Subdistrict Mueang Sisaket District Sisaket province, because Ms. Nan has stolen 3 boxes of 13 baht per box, totaling 39 baht and then being arrested by a convenience store manager. Therefore informing the authorities to arrest In order to prosecute according to the law, but because the property that Ms. Nan has been worth not much And also know the reason from Ms. Nun that he wanted to Lamnam for the child to drink Police Lieutenant Colonel Paiboon Therefore brought 50 baht per banknote to pay the shop instead, but the store manager did not agree to confirm the arrest of Ms. Nan to prosecute according to the law Because he knew that Had caused the burglary 3 times, Police Lieutenant Paiboon Therefore brought him to the inquiry official Muang Sisaket Police Station To prosecute the burglary at night The incident occurred at 21.30 hrs. Of the night of 16 July, which passed by M.D. Nan (the fictional name), 51 years old, revealed the reason for having to steal 3 boxes that because they have 100 baht. Children like to drink soft drinks. Like to eat hamburgers Therefore bought 2 bottles of soft drinks, 1 hamburger and 1 cup of grass jelly, a total of 101 baht. Also, the money is small. If taking the money in the pocket to buy 3 more milk boxes, money will not buy rice for children to eat tomorrow's morning. Therefore want to keep the money in the bag, so decided to steal 3 boxes, which is a bad action like that, 3 boxes of 3 boxes, 13 baht per box, totaling a total of 39 baht. Going down to pity the mother, pity, elder and daughter who must not have a Dunnan Nan party. Continue to say that her daughter is 15 years old, but is a special child. Not studying in time for friends Having abnormal symptoms since birth He divorced with her husband. Therefore have to raise only one child Normally, their children are 15 years old, must study grade 4, but must study. Secondary 2, and when going to study, must be bulli friends every day And some days were teased by friends in the bathroom Some days are stolen by friends. Causing her daughter to not want to go to school and stop school He was very sorry for his daughter, so he had to fully take care of his daughter as he could do before. Your child's friend invited their children to study at Ubon Ratchathani Province But he saw that his daughter would not be able to study Because the intelligence was not in time for friends His daughter studied very slowly. Therefore tried to take care of the daughter because he didn't want the child to go to study at Ubon Ratchathani Province, MP. Phanom's hand and said with a tears that He prostrated to the owner of the convenience store. Which he had entered 3 boxes of milk in order to want to take the child to drink and eat very sad. And will no longer commit an offense like this In which he promised Police Lieutenant Colonel Paiboon To pay for the convenience store instead of him that He will not commit the other side. Police Colonel Thep Phithak Saengkla, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Sisaket Province, said that in this case, he knew the reason and examined and saw that Although this case is a criminal case, the land must say that Stealing at night with a prison sentence of up to 5 years and other people should not be an example, but because the accused has a residence Have children to take care Shouldn't escape And the property that has been taken to a small value of only 39 baht. If bail should not be messy with the evidence and should not be disgraced for the benefit of justice. Therefore ordered the release of the accused from the control of the inquiry official Muang Sisaket Police Station And ordered the accused to report to the next appointment
Appeared another girl being fooled by a 60 -year -old uncle, saw the newsThat he was the 13th mistress|At 14.30 hrs. On 18 July 65 at the Central Investigation Headquarters Center (Bor.Chor.), Phahonyothin Road, Chatuchak District, Bangkok. 3 people were not aware of the mistress. Meet the police investigation. And if being sued by Mia, there will be evidence to fight the lawyer of Ratchaphon, said that the young woman met the inquiry official In order to record as evidence after finding that the 61 -year -old man has a legitimate wife And not divorced As claimed to the girl There is also information that The royal wife prepared to sue the money from the victims. For this case, found that the 61 -year -old man deceived the girl. To be in the state of his wife without knowing the latest 13 people, with the last one just contacted last morning Who realized that he was tricked into a mistress After the news of the media By this daily record In order to prevent future problems If the lawsuit occurs in court In order to bring the said record as evidence that all the victims Without intention As for the prosecution with the said man Admits that it is difficult for Miss A, one of the victims stating that personally talked to the man for over 1 year, with only the status of a boyfriend. No sex Which the man said Have divorced his wife for over 8 years and want to marry himself Ready to live in the south And have an attempt to meet To come out to eat together But I still do not believe Therefore refused to go to make an appointment. However, himself to the said man Known on Facebook Admit that he was aware of being deceived Because one of the victims Call to tell the truth that The man had a wife and was not divorced in any way. Another Miss B. The victim stated that he broke up with the said man since 2021 after living for 2 years without knowing that he was tricked. Which while dating No suspicious found that The man already has a family. In which the man lives with himself normally Surrounding society recognizes Accepting but he started to wonder After finding a picture of the man traveling with family and relatives Also joined the frame with his wife who claimed to divorce He tried to call, but the man did not answer. Therefore sent a message via Facebook Along with searching various information In order to find the facts until found the image of the wife and children of the man Myself decided Cut the relationship immediately Until found the behavior that the man Had to click on the picture of Miss Ae once Including a pleated woman's opinion I then called to the woman. To tell the whole story while Miss C Another victim who just realized that he was deceived. Revealed that this man dating in April But just knew that he was deceived After the story became a famous news In which the friends greeted him in the line of the group, whether the man who was the same person, was the same person who was dating us Because the picture in the news is the same picture that he sent to us And we used to send it to friends Friends remember that they would be the same person. So the brokenness came up He asked him to not accept. Most recently, calling, not accepting, not reading, thinking that it should be blocked.
Catching a young man 17, brutal, shooting a big girl, aged 49, resentfulClaiming because of love too much|Catching a young man, 17, brutal, shooting a big girl, aged 49, resentful, beat himself from the dating 3 months. Doing because of love too much at 10.30 hrs. (18 July 65) Pol. Col. Suphot Boonpan, Klaeng Rayong Police Station, was informed of the firearm shooting until causing One person died. The criminal is a man riding a motorcycle to escape. The incident occurred in the house, Village No. 9, Noen Kha Subdistrict, Klaeng District, Rayong Province, so coordinated the doctors of Klaeng Hospital and the Buddhist Rescue Rescue Unit. Along with the police officers Traveled to inspect and extract the criminal immediately when arriving at the scene Found the villagers standing on the street. In front of the house, which was a one -story cement house Therefore went to inspect Meet the body of a woman Wearing a black pork -blooded shirt, black shorts lying on his back, died on the cement floor in front of the house. The condition of the body was bleeding in the face. Preliminary inspection found an unknown firearm, shot into the right face, right on the left, 3 holes before bringing the body to the autopsy. The hospital is aware that the deceased named Ms. Darunee, 49 years old, has a career to buy antiques. Before the incident The deceased was at the front of the house alone. The criminal was Mr. A (assumed name), aged 17, who was the boyfriend of the deceased, riding a motorcycle brand Honda Wave, black, red. Unknown registration Come and walk straight into one shot And there was a shouting Before riding the motorcycle, fleeing to Ms. Kulsree, 18 years old, the daughter of the deceased Gave the whole tears that Gunman with mother Just dating for about 3 months, with the gunman who likes to be jealous and often quarreling and threatening to kill if cheating. Therefore causing the mother to be afraid and want to distance themselves Until the incident occurred, and the neighbors revealed that Everyone knows that The gunman fell in love with the deceased and liked to be unfaithful, causing frequent arguments until it was well -known and Yesterday evening via the gunman who caused the incident Went to drink alcohol and cut off that he loved the deceased very much I don't know why I love it so much. If you know that you are unfaithful or have a new gig, you will shoot to death for the whole family. But discussing people trying to stop and warn that they are still young There is still a future. Do not think. Without expecting the actual disaster, like Mr. Prayut, 63 years old, at home opposite the scene Revealed that Even if the gunman is still misunderstood Think secretly like the deceased But had a conversation first Do not misunderstand Until the gunman understood Otherwise, it may escalate the latest. Regarding the progress of the said matter at 15.00 hrs. On 18 July, Police Somsak Putaka, Sor. (Investigation), Klaeng Rayong Police Station, along with the police. Followed up and arresting Mr. Chakrit Laksanong, 17 years old in the area of Wang Chan District, Rayong Province, while going to the car to see a relative in Bangkok, the police officers then detained to search for firearms and prepare to bring back to investigate. At Klaeng Police Station for further legal proceedings Later, the police detained Mr. A (assumed name), aged 17, to Klaeng Rayong Police Station, with the police officers wearing a helmet. Before taking him into an investigation and a police officer proven evidence to check the gunpowder from the criminal, with Mr. Chakrit testifying that he had done because of a short -term mood. Caused by jealousy and love too much Therefore acted By the behavior of the criminal After the incident, riding a motorcycle brand Honda Wave, black, red, registration 4501, Rayong, parked at the stepmother's house at Chang Kham Subdistrict, Nai Am District, Chanthaburi Province. After that, he fled to Wang Chan Market, Chum Saeng Subdistrict, Wang Chan District, Rayong Province, while going to Bangkok. The father of the accused Who came to the young man at Klaeng Police Station, said that he did not think that his son would cause this violent incident, but had already been forbidden to not go out Because it is very different But refused to listen Until the incident occurred Which he tried to warn Just the son is often stubborn. Because he had had a disease related to nervous Therefore may cause the disaster Pity the child, but must accept the karma that was created. And do not want to make a confession plan Because of fear of being attacked By police officers Brought to investigate And brought to find firearms By claiming to be discarded at the mangrove forest in the Prasae Sin Bridge Pak Nam Prasae Subdistrict, Klaeng District, Rayong Province, with the police officers And rescue volunteers Help each other to find but can't meet. The police then questioned the accused heavily. After that, the gun Thai artificial shotgun number 12 is at the father. Keep in the foam box The police then brought Mr A to his father's house, but the police were still not convinced. Therefore, the follow -up set was on the area of Prasasin Bridge. Initially, the police prepare to prosecute. Kill others intentionally As for the firearms, still believe Looking at the bad search points to the point that it will be discarded until the evidence is found.
Helping 4 Thai people being tricked into a call center gangResisting to be imprisoned-using electric shock|Helping 4 Thai people being tricked into a call center gang Resisting to be imprisoned-using electric shock Have to work to raise money today (19 July 65), the call center gang Was tricked into working in Cambodia The Pawina Foundation Has helped to return to 4 people, all 4 people say that Thailand is unemployed from the epidemic And someone invited to take to work with a casino at Cambodia, received 40,000 - 50,000 baht per month and to cross the natural channel. When he arrived, he learned that it was a call center. To deceive Thai people together, but all 4 people refuse to work Therefore being imprisoned in a 9 -story building in the city of Sihanouon, Cambodia, all 4 people on the 2nd floor, so jumped away And contacted friends who escaped earlier to help coordinate the foundation In order to contact the car to travel to Poipet At the border checkpoint For the foundation to contact the police Until crossing the border, there were many Thai people who were tricked into working there Some people are willing to do. To deceive money from Thai people together But there are some people who are deceived to do But can't come back Because there was no redemption of himself Some people who enter and refuse to work will be attacked and imprisoned. Some people who resist will be electric shock.
The owner of Ban Takhong, the old robberPatrolled in many cases, damaged more than 3.1 million.|Can hold the old past Found many times Received more than 3,100,000 baht at 02.00 hrs. (21 July 65) Maj. Gen. Atthaphon Anusit, Commander in Chief 2, Pol. Nor. 2 received a report from Col. Surachet Bathit, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Police Station 2, Bang Khen Police Station. By Col. Akkhapol Toya, the Director of the Civil Service Commission of Thailand 2, ordered Police Colonel Phaisan Dejkalaya, SorBorKor. T. Somchai Rod, Yang, SSO, Bang Khen Police Station Investigation Officer, SorBorKor. 2 and investigative department of Bang Khen Police Station Investigate the news, follow the criminals to patrol the burglary in the area of the 2nd police station, Bang Khen Police Station, Thung Song Hong Police Station. Many times, around 15.00 hrs. On 20 July, the police officer of Bang Khen Police Station was informed by the Bang Khen Radio Center, there were criminals causing the burglary in the house number 148/62, Sai Mai, Bangkok. Go to check Found the injured at the house of the incident. Informed that while he drove home Found a criminal inside the house Is about to run away The victim then arrested him to know the name of Mr. Thanom, aged 60 years from the inspection of assets in the house. Found a cash disappeared Police officers searched for the accused to find 200 baht in cash in the back pocket. The officer then detained for further investigation. From the investigation Found that this accused has caused the incident in such a manner many times And is also the accused under the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 1335/2565 dated July 5, 2022, charged with burglary in the residence By harming the protection for people or property. On June 28, causing the Ban Soi Phahonyothin 63 Intersection 2-1, Anusawari Subdistrict, Bang Khen District, Bangkok, received approximately 100,000 baht in Bang Khen Police Station on July 9, 2022. The cause of the burglary in the house, Soi Society 4, Chaeng Watthana 14, received approximately 3,000,000 baht. Officials believe that it should be more than this. Initially, the officers reported the charges of invading the burglary before the investigation officer of Bang Khen police station to proceed with the law.
Thai-Husband-Husband Husband, Singapore, Escape the Case of Corruption, Accepting 800 million baht|Deputy Spokesman of the police explained the case of Thai women and the Singapore husband. Fraud, receive orders-luxury brand bags Total value of over 800 million baht (21 July 65) Col. Krishna Pattanacharoen, Deputy Spokesman of the Royal Thai Police Explain the case of Singapore police issued an arrest warrant for Thai women and Singapore husband. In the fraud case worth over 800 million baht as follows: According to the issues that Thai and foreign news agencies reported the incident of Thai women and husbands of Singapore. Was issued by the Singapore police office for arrest warrant for fraud In the case of deceived the purchase of watches and luxury bags, the damage value of over 800 million baht and more than 180 victims reported the complaint to the Singapore police. Later, the two suspects fled the bail during the investigation. Would like to clarify that the said case has examined the information from the Foreign Affairs Division The Royal Thai Police found that the Interpol's current organization Which is an international organization in law enforcement Which has 195 member countries around the world Issued the red notice as requested by the Singapore authorities, but has not yet been coordinated or requested to the Royal Thai Police in any way. The National Police Agency is ready to provide useful information to Singapore authorities. And arrest In order to bring the accused into the process according to the laws and regulations. Explanation that National Police Commissioner Emphasized that all relevant police officers accelerate coordination with relevant agencies both domestically and internationally. Investigate and follow the arrest of the accused to prosecute the legal procedures to build confidence for the people. In addition, if the news related to the said case on social media Which may cause society to be confusing and misunderstanding Ask the public to follow the news from the government only.
Kalasin villagers can catch the criminal.There was a clip confessed.But the police let go|Miss A. (assumed name), the owner of a house in Khao Wong District, Kalasin Province, revealed on Friday (22 July) that the criminal leverage the house at about 6:00 am on the same day before catching and having a clip at The suspect said confessing that he did it. But after the police released without inquiring about the preliminary information of the suspect, this happened on Friday morning (22 July). Miss A. said that she heard the mother called someone to open the door. Despite the time, at that time, the people in the house had not yet left. At the same time, a man parked a motorcycle in front of the house. Therefore went to ask the owner of the house to tell The live via Facebook at that time. And the said man said that he was a real home door Because of misunderstanding that it was a house where his wife and children lived Which he traveled from Rayong to find his wife and children. For this reason, Miss A. asks for help from a neighbor who had been a police but retired To ask the said man And found that there was a domicile in Mukdahan province, which was not far from the incident. Miss A. revealed that during that time, he called the police to bring this man to investigate at the police station. But the said man begged that he didn't want to be earnestly Because he just misunderstood And he just came out But didn't say where it came out But he thinks that the police should investigate this behavior. When the police station (police station) came to take a pickup truck cap and take it to the police station at approximately 07.53 hrs. house Who saw that the first door was leverage the motorcycle Because the distance from the house and the police station is only 1 kilometer apart, while the owner of the house drove later. When arriving at the police station, she found that the mother said to the suspect and the police said that it was not fascinated. Because nothing is damaged And the mother has a business to continue For this reason, she and his mother left the police station at approximately 08.10 hrs. However, at 8:30 am, a friend who runs a gold shop business in the district. Found that the man who appeared in the lives of Miss A. came out to buy a grilled pork near the shop, causing Miss A. to emphasize whether it is true or not. Friends confirmed that the same person, this caused Miss A. to report to the police to prosecute the said man at Khao Wong police station again as the host under the law. Miss A. interviewed Sanook.com that she had questions that Why did the police not investigate or ask the basic history of this man who was first? And even though his mother was not fascinated with anything But this is a criminal case Therefore should not be able to agree And the police should follow the process But when she and his mother arrived home shortly This man was released and then the owner of this house continued to say that the neighbors came to ask themselves who the suspect was. He couldn't answer. Causing everyone to feel unsafe whether the incident will occur again Because some houses have the elderly living alone Not only that Not long ago A number of neighbors saw the people who had to worship around the community with another man. Causing another question whether to act alone or someone else to help each other again or not. Sanook.com Connect to ask the Khao Wong police station and get the answer to the reason for the first time that The police understood that the homeowner's mother was not fascinated. And see it as a misunderstanding only Therefore released the suspect But when the house owner wants to prosecute There will be a follow -up of the suspect to give evidence according to the process. Which is currently in operation
Circle, Circuit, Gunman, Brutal, 4th year student shot, died (clip)|Progress in the case of students Electric engineering The 4th Pathumwan Mechanic Technology was riding a motorcycle, chasing after the Kamnan intersection. Last night (July 22, 2022), the incident occurred at 22.10 hrs. Most recently, the deceased relatives traveled to pick up the body at the forensic. Siriraj Hospital To bring the body to perform religious ceremonies from investigations And check the CCTV close to the scene Know that the criminals drive the motorcycle 2, come with the motorcycle of the deceased By driving from Tha Kaset junction Head to Kamnan intersection Later, at the scene of the incident, the crime scene followed behind the car. Before using a firearm to shoot at the motorcycle, the deceased fell After that, the deceased tried to run away. But the culprit still followed back and died until the father of the deceased Confident that this event is definitely a matter of conflict between institutions Confirmed that his son had never had a quarrel with anyone And never had a problem with sexual matters Normally, after going to school and always come back to work Not very much and talk to anyone before the incident, there is no omen in any way. Therefore would like to won the media and the police help each other to find the culprit to prosecute as soon as possible Because it was the reason that was very moved for his family When looking at the CCTV image It is a very brave behavior because it is that the criminals are ambushed from the front of the house until driving a motorcycle to the junction and then shot until his son fell to the ground and still followed. This one is really unacceptable. It's too cruel Not afraid of the law of the country at all. The relatives are still waiting for the arrest of the offender in order to be punished by legal punishment and need an explanation of the cause of this ruthless event. To be able to do this much And the relatives also said that he wanted to prosecute the culprit to the end, there would be no agreement at all.
Invaded Luang Pho to make a gun for sale via social mediaSearch the cloister to be stunned.Confessing and learning from YouTube|The police arrested Luang Pho to make a gun for sale via social media. Searching for the cloister to be stunned, thinking that he was in the light warehouse. Confessed to see how to do from YouTube Accepting work through the administrator group, a group of guns, reporters reported that yesterday (22 July) at approximately 08:30 at a temple in Khok Muang Subdistrict, Phachi District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province. Police officers in the examination 3 have jointly arrested the 56 -year -old Phra Wannaphon according to the Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Provincial Court No. 92/2012 dated 18 July 2022, which must be found to commit an offense. "Production of firearms (Thai artificial) without permission and has a firearm (Thai Pradit) and ammunition in possession without permission." The police officer has expanded the arrest of a suspect. Open YouTube channel Adapted and repaired a firearm from the customers sent Until can be used to shoot with real guns As well as selling firearm parts. The accused had delivered the parcel to the recipient's name, General 2, which stated the address of the recipient is One house, Khok Muang Subdistrict, Phachi District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province From the inspection, knowing that the telephone number is the user, the use of the said address is the acceptance of Later, the evidence has been collected for approval from the Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Provincial Court. After receiving the Ayutthaya Provincial Court search warrant The officers arrived at the house number, found that it was a temple. When he arrived, he met a large number of things in the bedroom on the 2nd floor of the cubicle and outside the bedroom on the 2nd floor of the cubicle. True By using the said belongings in the production, modification and repair of firearms The reason that there are tools and parts of the said firearm because of like to make firearms Learn from YouTube Since the month Dec 64 until entering the group of the said firearms network There will be an administrator as a middleman, sending information for those interested in making firearms. The reason that was interested before ordained as a monk used to work as a security guard and learned about the mechanic work. Therefore have the said ability Officials waiting for the accused Then reported the charges Before bringing with the belongings to the police officers in the police station to proceed with the legal proceedings
Oh my father!The young model apologizes to the police.After crying, being attackedWatch the clip clear.|The young model apologizes to the police. After reporting the matter through the silk page, must survive that it was attacked. The reason is not allowing to blow alcohol from the case. Facebook fan page Sai Mai must survive Posted pictures and messages, stating that a young man was hit by a police officer under the Central Traffic Police Division (Bor Chor.) After this model is standing in the area of the road along the Ram Inthra Expressway. Then refused to inspect the amount of alcohol By claiming that he didn't drive the car Which occurred around the previous week Until there was a criticism on the online world as wide as today (23 July) at 14.20 hrs. At the Sub -Division 5 Traffic Police Division (Kor Kor Kor. The founder of the Silk Group has to survive to take Mr. Pound (the fictional name). The occupation of the model meets Pol.Col. Thiradej Phetsiri, the police inspection of the Kor Kor Kor. Measure the amount of alcohol on the day of the incident, Mr Ekkaphop said that Mr Pound contacted the team that he entered the checkpoint and was arrested by the police until he fell and was injured. Therefore want to consult to report the prosecution But he wants to hear the facts on both sides Therefore come to talk and watch the clip of the incident with the police Until knowing that the day of the incident, the police did not assault But Mr. Pound wriggled on a rough area, probably because of the shock, which on the day of the incident Mr Pound didn't drive the car to the checkpoint but to urinate and the area of the incident had a Porsche. Officials misunderstand that it was a car of Mr. Pound. After knowing the matter, Mr. Pound apologized. The police are ready to help with the medical expenses. Mr Pound said that on the day of the incident, he actually drank alcohol. Just feel so cool Accept that you are scared Because he was shocked why he had to handcuff But today, after watching the clip of the event, I saw that I was acting serious and resisted by officials. Believed that it was the reason for causing injury I want to apologize to the police today. Pol. Maj. Teeradet said that Mr. Pound has adjusted the understanding of what it is. Once you have apologized, it was not fascinated.
The police shot in the city.Extracting sedansFinally escapedBefore finding a car parked in the Din Daeng area|Shoot in the middle of the city The police shot and shot the red sedan. Search in the car, found a number of ice drugs in the online world. At the police officer, Thonglor Police Station, Firing of the Mass Bishi brand, red, black, not attached to the license plate On Asoke-Din Daeng Road Separate the Church of Our Lady of Fatima In order to extract after finding the Ekkamai area in the middle of the night Before the police found that the culprit was parked at a mansion in the Din Daeng triangle area As for the cause of the escape, the police brought the car to the Central Central Police Station. All four -wheeled car tires From being shot and extracted And there are signs of shot Front bumper And 1 rear car door, including the traces of the front and sides of the car as well. The annual car taxation signs found that the age of 13 September 2021 and a receipt of fuel at a gas station. Ekkamai area at 22.54 hrs. Which was before the incident. And coordinated the police to prove the police Come to check the hidden fingerprints in the car Including collecting details of the central seizure in the car And preliminary drugs, Police Colonel Duangchot Suwancharat, director of Thonglor Police Station, revealed that The said reason is to extract the car after finding at the Ekamai checkpoint. The driver refused to inspect while driving away from the patrol checkpoint and then drove and shot at the area according to the clip that appeared and found a number of ice, including a golf club in the car. Hold as evidence The culprit is still following.
The police explained after social criticism.Shooting the sedanFollow the tactics|On July 24, 2022, Col. Duangchot Suwanjarat, Director of Thonglor Police Station Revealed the setting up checkpoint that due to robbery in Phra Khanong area Therefore set up a checkpoint In front of Soi Ekkamai 28, but at that time the car of the crime Drive past The police of the Thong Lo police station that the car does not have a license plate and looks suspicious, therefore calling for the said car. Do not stop checking But instead drove through Causing the police at the checkpoint to follow the said car from Ekkamai 28 to Pracha Songkhro Intersection, the scene of the incident, according to the clip that appeared on social media and when the two police motorcycles followed Therefore bringing the police motorcycle in front of the car's car And tried to call the culprit from the car Both knocking the glass And shouted But the culprit refused to come down But reached out to pick up something on the side of the person While driving into a motorcycle, the police until the two police decided to use their body weapons Shot to the wheel of the culprit But the culprit still didn't stop Try to drive away Which is the same rhythm that the police are reaching Therefore expelled Until found the car of the offender parked at a mansion in the Din Daeng area, about 2 kilometers from the scene of the incident, but the driver fled Search inside the car Found the ice in the zip lock bag of 3 sachets, 2.77 grams and 2 long swords. As for the issues in the online society, the police have made more or not. Including the tactics of the police Police Colonel Duangchot explained that at the time of the incident, it was a sudden decision of the police. Because he was afraid that the villagers may be harmed Together with the cause of the incident about to escape Therefore fired Which confirms that Every bullet that was shot Being hit by all the wheels of the culprit And no villagers were injured After this, I will review the strategy of the police to report the news that The police are currently investigating CCTV along the escape route. Ready to check that after the carburst has left the car How did you escape or have anyone come to pick up? From the inspection of the name of the car owner who caused the incident, the woman is now following to interrogate whether they are involved with the person who committed the crime or not. In addition, by calling Those who filmed the clip said that they were selling things near the scene. And saw that the police ride a motorcycle Come to park the said car Before knocking the glass, calling the driver to open the car But the driver refused to come down to drive into the police car I then decided to shoot the event. After that, it was in accordance with the video clip. At that time he was not shocked. And within today, the Din Daeng Police Station Had an appointment for him to give a testimony Because it is the scene of the incident But haven't specified when he entered
Catch!The young man drives the sedan to break the checkpoint.Until the police had to shoot the tires to extract the city|The young man drives the sedan to break the checkpoint. Until the police had to shoot the tires to extract the city Confession was caused by drunken drugs And in the car there is ice Therefore afraid of the offense to drive away from the case of the police officer of Thonglor Police Station, shooting the rubber brand, Miss Suzubishi, red, black, not attached to the license plate On Asoke-Din Daeng Road Separate the Church of Our Lady of Fatima In order to extract after finding the Ekkamai area in the middle of the night Before the police found that the culprit was parked at a mansion in the Din Daeng triangle area As for the offender to escape, the latest today (24 July) at 20.10 hrs. Pol. Col. Duangchot Suwanjarat, Director of Thonglor Police Station, revealed that at this time, the police officers in the city of Thonglor and Khlong Tan Police Station and SorBorKor. Kor. 5 can arrest this accused by the confession that it is a true offender. Due to drunkenness from drug addiction And afraid of the offense due to drugs in the car Therefore escaped the search of the police But all the details asked this duty to investigate first Still cannot be revealed at this time. Will bring the Metropolitan Police Headquarters to officially clarify again The accused will be sent to the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court. In the morning of 25 July
The young man broke the checkpoint. Why did you have to escape?Clip of the clipMust also give a testimony|In the case of the police officer of Thonglor police, the rubber brand of Miss Subishi, red, black, not attached to the license plate. On Asoke-Din Daeng Road Separate the Church of Our Lady of Fatima In order to extract after finding the Ekkamai area in the middle of the night Before the police found that the culprit was parked at a mansion in the Din Daeng triangle area As for the offender, the escape was the latest at 20.10 hrs. Col. Duangchot Suwanjarat, Director of Thonglor Police Station, revealed that at this time, the police officers in the city of Thonglor and Khlong Tan Police Station and the SorBorSor. The Royal Thai Army 5 is able to arrest this accused. In which the confession was a true offender Due to drunkenness from drug addiction And afraid of the offense due to drugs in the car Therefore escaped the search for the police officers. 22:03 The accused was a 45 -year -old man according to the arrest warrant of the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court 456 /2562, dated 24 July 2022, which must be found guilty. "There is a type 1 drug in possession, fighting the official by using the violence, knowing the order of the official who ordered the legal authority to not comply with the order without reason. "The accused will be sent to the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court. This morning, July 25, go back before the arrest at 18.45 hrs. At Din Daeng Police Station, the owner of Facebook, who posted a message. In the case of the police shooting the sedan to escape the checkpoint Traveled to testify to the inquiry official as a witness Tells the incident to give a testimony to the police at Din Daeng police station that the day of the incident is standing in a boiled noodles. At Pracha Songkhro Intersection Before seeing a red sedan driving to park the red light And there was a police officer riding a car And when the officers arrived, there was a cross in front of the car Ready to knock the glass Call the driver down But it turns out that the red sedan crashed into the officers Which the driver did not open the mirror to talk in any way Therefore picked up the phone to record the clip of the incident at that time. The owner of Facebook said that after the red sedan drove into the police car that had been parked until it fell. Tried to escape, but the red light and the car in front At the same time, both police officers who have followed the criminals since the beginning. Then use a firearm to shoot at the tires of 7-8 shots to extract to not drive away But when the green light was able to escape The reason for raising the phone to shoot the clip Because he was afraid that the sedan would rush into the shop Because of the rear of the car And the noodle shop is the same. "As for the incident, the police did not do more than the reason. It is a duty that the authorities have done their best. Also before shooting rubber The other party tried to escape by driving the police first. In which the incident was around 23.00 hrs. It was a period when people were not busy. Therefore there are not many villagers in the neighborhood that will be hit by a crossfire But would be more worried about the ammunition to be hit by a nearby car However, during the incident, when hearing the gunshot, he was not excited. Because it is used to the situation of the rally that often sounds like a gun in this way regularly As for today, the police invited him to give a testimony only in the clip, "said Facebook owner.
Correct zipper!The crypto trader gathered to sing the technology police, revealing 600 million damages.|The victims of more than 700 digital trade victims through the zipper application, gather to report at the Police Headquarters for Investigation of Technology Crime (Bor.Chor.) In the Chaeng Watthana Government Center. Bangkok at 10:00 am on Monday (25 July). The victim of this group claims to be damaged by a total value of over 600 million baht from the applicant to transfer their money to Z wallet wallet (Cvollet), which is beyond the supervision of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) of Thailand, with the victims unknown before Mr. Phatthara Sethapromsawat, one of the victims. Said that the said actions made them rock assets from the digital asset trading And just came to know that their asset companies continue to invest abroad Which wants to have an investigation that the SEC has specified or not But initially known to return the company, the customer's assets will not continue to invest. This victim continues that In the past, it was learned that this digital asset trader had liquidity problems, which was a result of foreign investment. But it was not mentioned that we would continue to pay our money to find benefits. Mr. Phatthasart revealed that the gathering today is to see what problems the company can solve. At this time, the victim has collected data. To be used as a prosecution document Currently, there are 744 victims worth a total of 661,062,586 million (value at the closing time on 20 July 2022, according to the Market Cap Index). Zipup+ (Zip -Up Plus), most of them invest in a bitcoin coin by 50.4%, which has a deposit date of 330,413,611 baht. How to answer with what must be solved. Which, if not doing anything Will have to move forward which direction to go And emphasized that the company lacks liquidity Which means the company does not have money to pay But during the suspension of trading Instead, investors lose the opportunity. Police Colonel Komkrit Thai, Deputy Commander of Sor. 1, said that the police accepted the matter to check the information. And must ask the company owner first As for what offense will be Have to interrogate the victims first. At this time, there are many victims to conclude what is wrong.
Collecting the big capitalists, the call center, Casuwandaphum, Chinese, red hunting warrantWant a lot!|Thailand captures the big capital city call center gang, sending the Chinese authorities after smuggling Chinese people to work in Laos and Cambodia (25 July 65) at 17.30 hrs. The Commander in Chief revealed that on July 22, 65, was informed by the Immigration Bureau (Immigration Bureau) that the Chinese Zhou Dawei that the Chinese authorities issued red notice on charges of " Management and transportation of people smuggling in and out of the city "will travel to the Kingdom of Thailand through the immigration checkpoint at Suvarnabhumi Airport. Therefore ordered the Immigration Bureau to detain the accused in the Suvarnabhumi Airport Room To investigate the results and send to the Chinese authorities And assigned Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat, Deputy Commander in Chief, Commander in Chief of Staff and the Commander in Chief of the Foreign Affairs (Tor.), Supervised this matter closely. Gen. Suwat said According to the coordination with the Chinese authorities, Mr. Zhou has a circumstance to the Chinese smuggling to work with the call center gang in Laos and Cambodia. Is a person that the Ministry of Public Security and the Chinese immigration needs a lot. Later, on 23 July 65 at 15.30, ordered Maj. Gen. Khemarin Hassiri, Commander in Chief. Along with the ambassador of the Chinese Embassy Thailand To interrogate the accused at the Suvarnabhumi Airport Room, with Zhou confessed that the Chinese smuggled into a real call center gang in Laos and Cambodia. The Chinese authorities have informed the accused that "is a person with Red Notice and has canceled the passport of the accused." The accused has been informed and agreed to return to the justice process in the People's Republic of China. Before sending back to China today at approximately 17.00 hrs by the China Southern Airlines CZ 3082, the Chinese authorities operate all the plane tickets. Said that Prime Minister Gen. Prayut Chan -ocha attaches importance to the suppression of online crime. Especially the call center gang By seeking cooperation from neighboring countries And in the ASEAN region that has similar problems, which previously National Police Agency Hosted the Cybercrime Conference for Law Enforcement Agencies and Partners in Phuket, with Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat, Deputy Commander of the Royal Thai Police, as the director of the Information Technology Crime Crime Suppression Center (Sor Por.), President of 8 ASEAN Member States negotiating ASEAN, 7 police countries. That works in cyber crime, including Interpol's partners, such as Facebook, Microsoft, Trend Micro, Binance and Meta attended the meeting.
More than the drama Mae Myan-daughter-in-lawSecretly putting medicine, parents, husband until hauntingHope to gobble up|Mother's wife-a stingy daughter-in-law taking drugs mixed in food for parents to eat until haunting before lure to do financial transactions, life insurance, hope, gobble, Facebook, fan pages. Central police investigation Report of the arrest of the accused "Try to kill others" by being a mother and daughter. Which placed the parents of the girlfriend for the treasure by The Central Police Investigation page stated that "CIB Investigation (CIB) by the Crime Suppression Division (PorChor.) Entered the area of the arrest of Mrs. Laksakarn on the charge of" trying to kill others ". The accused and daughter, the daughter -in -law of the injured family Secretly took drugs mixed in food for the parents of the victim Until having physical and mental abnormal symptoms To the point of suicide After that, try to lure financial transactions. Get life insurance Etc. Later, the accused escaped from the house with important documents. Which the injured person is afraid that the accused will be used in transactions or causing damage Therefore informed the police and the media To help follow up and arrest the police officers. The Police Department has accelerated the investigation and followed up to be able to arrest the accused in Pak Kred District, Nonthaburi Province. Under the supervision of Maj. Gen. Jirapop Phurdej, Commander in Chief, Pol.Gen. .6 The Police Department, Pol. Maj. Gen. Uchon Rasamee, Kor. Kor Kor. 6, Bureau of the Royal Thai Police, together with the Office of the Royal Thai Police. "
A 66 -year -old man raped the old mother, 72, relatives, forbidden not to listen.The grandchildren jumped and helped to death.|Collected, a 66 -year -old man after the rape and killing the 72 -year -old mother. Meet the grandchildren, kick, help Escape in a bare state, reporters reported that In the middle of the night yesterday night (26 July), Capt. Damrong Thaworakul, Deputy Inspector of Investigation Bang Nang Buat Police Station, Suphan Buri Province, was informed of the rape and attacked. Until died at one house, Village No. 2, Nang Buat, Kao Kao, Bang Nang Buat, where the body was found. Miss Salai, 72 years old, was at home at the scene of the incident. The condition of death, the face was repeatedly attacked. Wear a red shirt Wearing a dark red pattern bag There are traces of rape. Died at the entrance to the house at the iron fence. At hand, there is a plastic bag with a dessert hanging. As for the cushions, the people are stacked with a folded fertilizer sack. With pink rice sacks falling And also found 1 short -sleeved jeans, which belong to the criminal The police therefore kept as evidence from the investigation that The criminal who caused the name of Mr. Aung, aged 66, came to cut the wood in the house of Nang Sala and then sat down to drink. At about 8 pm, she was about to return to the door. Mr Aung has raped Mrs. Sali. Mrs. Sali tried to cry for help until a relative came out to see. Saw Mr Aung raped Grandma Sala Relatives cried out But Mr Aung, the criminal told the relatives not to mess to rape Miss Sala The relatives who saw it hurriedly followed the children of the men to help. When the nephew arrived, he tried to help jump and kick the criminals until the criminal got up, even without wearing clothes, naked. Then hurriedly came to see, found Miss Salai died after the incident, the staff asked for the rescue team. Bring the illumination to find the suspect. Which is expected to escape not far because of not wearing pants, villagers, rescuers, and police officers have tried to search for nearby, but have not yet found Col. Nikorn Duangsueng, the former police station, Bang Nang Buat Police Station Said that after the incident brought the patrol and investigation department into the inspection area And pursuing this criminals closely to catch him to prosecute quickly If left, it may be harmful to the villagers who are women. Because this is the size of a 72 -year -old woman, the criminal still caused the crime Expected to get a late latest at 11.00 hrs. The original "original Bang Nang Buat Suphan Buri province can arrest Mr. Om, the criminal, kill, rape, grandmother, Sala, in the mango plantation, Wang Luek Subdistrict, Sam Chuk District, Suphan Buri Province. The original Bang Nang Police Station. In addition, The inspection also found that Mr Aung, 66 years old, was arrested and prosecuted in Charged with invading by using violence in 2021 in Dan Chang Police Station, Suphan Buri Province.
The robber of the legs, a single attack, wielding a gun to win a gold shop.Grabbed a gold necklace for 5 baht|The robber of the legs, a single attack, wielding a gun to win a gold shop. Grabbed the gold necklace to 5 baht. The police closed the city hunting (27 Jul 65) at 16.30 hrs. Nakhon Ratchasima Police Station Notified of a criminal using a golden pendant in Sangmanee Goldsmith No. 102, Chomphon Road, Nakhon Ratchasima Municipality Korat city With CCTV captured as well Therefore rushed to inspect The incident, along with Maj. Gen. Pornchai Noolchai, Ph.D., Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Col. Narong Sak, Deputy Commander in Chief of Nakhon Ratchasima Police Colonel Prasit Premkamol, Director of Muang Nakhon Ratchasima Police Station And the initial police officers found 2 staff in the shop in a panic attitude Shocked waiting for the police to inquire Ms. Parichat (Reserved surname) Staff in the shop Told him that during the incident was about to close the shop With 2 employees in the shop, then there were criminals As a man, expected to be middle -aged Wearing a blue long -sleeved jeans Wearing a white helmet, covering the face, walking into the shop. Quickly before using firearms to intimidate the employees In the shop, put the gold in the black cloth bag prepared, otherwise the gun will be used. In shock, the staff in the shop picked up gold, such as 1 baht per 5 lines, totaling about 150,000 baht, put the bag, then rushed to escape from the shop to the Yamaha Fano motorcycle, red, white, not stuck. License plate Which was parked a little away from the shop, driving away quickly, reporters reported more The behavior of the criminal is probably a middle-aged man, thin, tall, tall, about 170-180 centimeters, the nature of the walk is like a left-handed person and believes that this criminal should have preparation in advance. Well and know the escape route very well. Believe that it is a person in the area for a long time And know that this way is very well, because this gold shop is close to closing Police officers have just left the shop for a long time, so they do the incident. The officers are in the process of chasing the CCTV, escape routes and follow up to prosecute.
Collecting 3 Chinese dragon, carrying a young businessmanForced to remove luxury watches, Richard millillers worth 25 million|Captured 3 criminals carrying a young businessman Forced to remove luxury watches, Richard Mill, worth 25 million police, according to the Suvarnabhumi, the reporter reported that today (28 July) at 01.00 hrs., Wang Thonglang Police Station Bringing force with the police officers to arrest Mr.HE 37, Mr.Jinyong, 36 years old and Mr.HENG, 35 years old, are all Chinese. The accused held a Chinese businessman robbed. In the Suvarnabhumi Airport while all 3 suspects prepare to board the plane Qatar Airlines at QR837 at 02.30 hrs. To escape from the country to Qatar, along with the Richard Mille brand's watches, about 25 million baht and Benz key. In the pants pocket of Mr.HE, initially reported charges of robbery. Before bringing the suspect to investigate through the Chinese interpreter at Wang Thonglang Police Station, due to the investigation department Wang Thonglang Police Station Notified by the radio center Wang Thonglang Police Station, at 14.27 hrs. On July 27, Ms. Warunee, 26 years old, Chiang Rai people call to report the incident. The incident occurred in the area of a car park, a mansion, Rama 9 Road, Soi 13, Bang Kapi Subdistrict, Huai Khwang District, Bangkok. MR.YANG, 31 years old, Chinese nationality. Business career The criminal was carried from the investigation and watched the CCTV. Mr.yang drove Benz to MS.Li, 26, a Chinese nationality, who was a girlfriend at the mansion at about 11:30 am. Later, at about 14.27 hrs. Came down to walk around the parking lot of the building There were about 3-4 men traping Mr.yang, with 2 men using their strength to take the Toyota brand, Ferunner, bronze, silver, not knowing the registration number. Which is waiting in the parking lot at the scene of the incident In which the victim's girlfriend heard the fuss, so ran down from the room And asked for help from Ms. Warunee to help notify the police after the investigation, investigated the CCTV at the scene of the incident Found 4 CCTV in the parking lot and check the CCTV. Find the route that the criminals use before and after the incident. And also inspected the silver cap to fall into the scene of the incident. At the same time at 8:00 pm, the same day, Mr.yang, 31 years old, Chinese nationality, with MS.Li. Wang Thonglang Police Station To report the past 3 Chinese criminals from Rama 9 Road, Soi 13 before forced to remove the clock Richard Mill, about 25 million baht and a Benz car key. Before being released, Mr.Yang, 31, said that he came to see his girlfriend at the mansion at the scene. While going back Being hit by 3 Chinese villains who have never known each other before Take it into the car and force to transfer money But can't transfer because the phone dropped when he was taken into the car The criminal forced to remove the Richard Mill brand watch and the Benz car keys. After that, the criminal left in Soi Lat Pla Duk 3, Bang Bua Thong area. Nonthaburi province, before he called a taxi to send a lot of Chinese people. The taxi show therefore brought to Huai Khwang area. When he arrived he remembered Therefore allowing a taxi to park at a friend's shop around Sutthisan-Huai Khwang Before contacting the Chinese girlfriend to meet the staff It was reported that the investigation found information that the victim was carried that the Chinese friend borrowed 2 million baht and believed that this debtor should tell the robbery to hold the victim to rob. Officials know the clues. The criminal group prepares to escape from the country. Therefore led the arrest. Later, at 10:00 am, the investigation officers coordinated the Office of the OBEC to inspect the evidence. At Toyota, Fortuner, Bronze, registration number 6017, Bangkok Of the criminal group That the criminal rented a car rental in Rama 4, the criminal used to cause the incident And parked in Romklao area Officials have been seized. Officials will coordinate the experts to check the preliminary medium and find a watches. Meet the evidence that the victim possesses the said watch. Then at 15.00 hrs. Wang Thonglang Police Station With investigation department Leading all 3 suspects out of the cell Brought to investigate with Chinese interpreters participating in the investigation To proceed with legal procedures
Gathering a young man, shooting clips-Black MailFormer local politiciansStressful victims|Gathering a fake boy into a woman Deceive the local politicians to shoot secret clips Black mail for over 2 years until the victim could not bear to decide to commit suicide today (28 July) Police Lieutenant General Chiraphop Phurdej, Commander of the Central Police Investigation Announced the arrest of Mr. Khamdee, 35 years old, the accused who caused the incident to deceive the Black Mail, bringing the former clips of the local politician in Phetchabun province. Stressed that he decided to commit suicide, with the behavior of Mr. Kham Dee, 2 years ago, was fake as a woman Went to ask to be friends with the victims on Facebook Talk to the victim Lure until the victim dies and then take personal information to hack into the Facebook of the deceased successfully. Then went to see the secret clip Then kept it in the black mail, then disguised Is a good person to find the secret clip of the victims falling off the social world Will help delete the clip but have to be cost and have to shoot secret clips to exchange The victims had fascinated to follow for more than 2 years. The total transfer of over 200,000, but in the end, the victim saw that they had not rescued as claimed, so they did not transfer the money as the accused asked. The accused then released a clip for the victims of Facebook. Until the shame caused the decision to commit suicide, the plan of Mr. Kham Dee will use the first 3 methods, the first method of using the same victim, is to be a young woman to ask to be a friend. Tricked personal information to bend to Black Mail Victim, the second method is fake, a young woman who made it to befriend Told to shoot secret clips, and the 3rd way is to enter a group of secret clips To find out who the person in the clip is When he knew it, he would go to Black Mel to call the police officers of Lieutenant Jirapop revealed that in this case, the first case must be clearly proven that the death of the victim comes from murder or suicide. Buy when examined, found evidence that it was a suicide. After that, it must be proven to know that the cause of suicide is from Until it was found to be caused by the stress that was black -mail from the investigation found that Mr Kham Dee Kobjama for 3 years, with at least 10 victims of the victims, 3 civil servants were also victims. Regarded as another type of technology crime that must be careful Therefore warn that do not let the secret clips or secret images with any person Because it may be a bad person to cause a living in this way. Mr Kham Dee took to spend on a daily basis. And gamble online The inquiry official then prosecuted for the charges of extortion, ironing the property and the Computer Act for the said case. Due to the 18th of July, Mr. Phon (according to the hypothesis), 62 years old, a former Subdistrict Administrative Organization Was found as a corpse at the garage next to the house In Ban Noi Na Sawan, Village No. 12, Khlong Krang Subdistrict, Si Thep District, Phetchabun Province With a rope hanging on the house, while the body was on the ground The body was lying face down. Bleeding from the mouth With bruises on the neck Preliminary inspection, Srithep police station commented that it was a dead neck. But relatives are still suspicious Because the corpse condition was not hanging on the rope And the tongue does not stop the mouth Including the dead without stress Expected to be a murder scene, camouflage or not. Relatives also questioned that The mobile phone of the deceased disappeared at night before finding the body. In addition, the Facebook of the deceased has sent clips to relatives and many friends.
The villagers were taken aback, found the body of a man-woman being killed, bare, buried in the forest.Turned his head on each side|Found the body of a man-woman being killed, buried, camouflage Lying naked, turning his head on each side The police expected to be killed from other places and buried it. Reporters reported that On yesterday evening (July 28), the police officer of Chokchai Police Station was informed that a good citizen found an unknown person, who was killed and buried the body. At the public forest area on the road connecting Don Plai Village, Village No. 7, Tha Yuek Subdistrict and Don Plai Village, Village No. 1, Rung Arun Subdistrict, Chokchai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, so rushed to the scene. Along with the rescue staff The point is a overgrown forest. About 400 meters away from the road connecting the village. The incident found the villagers looking at the holes of approximately 1.50 meters, which had some parts of the body appear from the inquiry. The first citizen villagers found the body said that he had traveled to the forest to find mushrooms. During that time he saw a trace of the soil that had been excavated with some landfill. And has a branch to be unusual Therefore informed the village headman in the area to come to dig and inspect. When the villagers helped to check, it was shocked. Because the body was found in the hole Everyone therefore does not dare to continue digging. And informed the police to come to inspect first After the police and the rescue team came to dig Found that there were 2 bodies, male and female, unknown name and naked address, turning his head on each side There is only a tattoo on the back of the female hips. That is a landmark It is expected to have died for at least 3 days. Ask the villagers in that area, no one knows. And there is no missing person in the area Therefore expecting that both bodies will be murdered in other areas Then the culprit buried in this area to disguise the body. The police then asked the rescue team to take the body to the autopsy at Chokchai Hospital to find the cause of death. And autopsy to check who it is from Along with expediting investigations to find the culprit to prosecute
Collecting "Je Tip" Pimry Pie, Laos, with a girlfriend, carrying over 600 million baht to escape to Thailand|The police arrested "Je Tip" Pimry Pie, Laos. With boyfriend Counterattacking more than 600 million baht. Escape the arrest warrant for fraud to Thailand. Open the mouth, claiming to be betrayed by the reporter, reporters reported that this morning (29 July) Police Colonel Ratchathiphong Sudsud, Deputy Commander of Immigration 3 National Police Agency Bringing the police to search into the city Investigate a house in Khlong Luang, Khlong Si, Pathum Thani Province. After investigating that Mrs. Ponthip, 30 years old, a Lao online merchant businessman And Thao Anusid, 34, a Lao boyfriend The Laos authorities issued an arrest warrant. Case fraud And the interest rate is too high for the law and has escaped from the Lao PDR. In Thailand on 29 June, passing the immigration checkpoint, the Thai Friendship Bridge 1st Laos, along with a kip of 20 billion kip (about 48 million baht), Thai currency 400 million baht and a US dollar of 4 million dollars (about 145 million baht). Which is known by the accused And searched but not yet found while the owner of the house At first, claiming that Mrs. Pon Tip was not 2-3 days and said that she would go to Bangkok. But didn't say what to do Or where to go, but in the end, said that Mrs. Pondib moved to a hotel in Khlong Luang, Khlong Ha area and took the police to the said hotel And found the two suspects inside the real room for their circumstances Together to do business, sell gold, diamonds and sell products online at Laos PDR, famous for selling random boxes And the image that is beautiful, good -hearted, helping the villagers Makes it very popular in Lao PDR. Which is shared By pretending to give 30-50 percent compensation per month, but did not pay the victim as agreed. Just come to set up because someone threatens to hurt As for cheating, the victim's money confirmed that it was not intended to cheat. Because he paid 2 admins to pay compensation to the victim But the admin cheated the said money In which he knew for a while that it was cheated But I have no evidence And takes time to collect evidence To return to fight the case at Lao PDR. As for the money that the police claimed to carry money into Thailand The police did not find the said money at the accused room. In which the accused claimed that he didn't carry a lot of money Carry only about 40,000-50,000 baht. The remaining money has been seized by Laos. And it is impossible to carry that cash into Thailand. Initially, the police detained the accused to the Immigration Division 3 in order to push both the accused back to the country to prosecute. After the Laos PDR has ordered to cancel the passport of both the accused before
Found 2 bullets, bare heads, killed in the forestInvestigate the tattoo who the deceased is|Reporters reported the progress of the villagers to find wild mushrooms to find the body of a man, a naked woman, was killed, buried and cement, picked up inside the public forest, benefit on the road, connecting Don Sai Plai village, Pig 7, Tha Yue Subdistrict and the village. Don Plai Village, Village No. 1, Rung Arun Subdistrict, Chokchai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Chokchai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province on July 28, 2022, with both bodies lie naked, turning their heads on each side by the woman on the top. man There is no evidence and the two bodies were poured over the criminals all over the body to prevent foul odor. The body of a woman has tattoos on the back of the hips that can be used as evidence to prove who the deceased is from the proof of the body of the doctor. Chokchai Hospital expects that both of them will die at least 1 week. The police have inquired. The villagers around that area were not known. And there is no missing person in the area Therefore expecting that both bodies will be murdered in other areas Then the culprit brought the body buried in this area to camouflage the latest case today (29 July 65), Apinan, villagers of Ban Thung Ao, Thung Aor Subdistrict, Chokchai District, who found the first body Revealed that on that day was a holiday, so he went out to collect mushrooms to sell. Normally, he did not keep the mushrooms on a regular basis. At around 10.00 hrs Saw so he informed the village headman to come and inspect In the meantime, he surveyed the surrounding area, but there was nothing wrong. In addition, the smell of the body was buried in the hole at all. Once he had excavated the said hole, he found that his body was very shocked. But still confirmed that the two bodies in that hole were not familiar and didn't know who the two bodies were. Ban Hua Sa Phan, Thung A Subdistrict, Chokchai District, one of the people traveling to the scene of the incident Told reporters that Was informed by the villagers who found the hole around 10:00 am, but he was still in the meeting, so he had another appointment at 12.00 hrs. Did not notify the police because it was unclear what hole Until coordinated with the village headman And the patrol line to help each other to check again at 15.00 hrs. At the point of the incident, found a rectangular hole. The mouth of the hole has collapsed. The reason is probably from the past. There was rain in the area that caused the topsoil to collapse. Until it was unusual for the villagers who suspect that there was something buried inside the hole Until the decisions of the villagers The village headman and the village headman would dig the hole, with the village headman who volunteered to shoot the video for evidence. Before starting to dig Digging for a moment, then found the layer of the cement and the body of a woman who lay face down, with a plaster waved over the body, the head did not wave over At first I didn't think it would be a corpse. But after digging until seeing the arm, he was sure that it was a corpse Therefore contacted the rescue team and the police came to inspect the incident area. At first, digging still know that there was still a man's body below because of the layer of bed and another layer of cement. Causing him to not see the body of a man at first When digging the body of the woman on the mouth of the hole and noticed that the holes appeared in another body of the body, making sure that there was another body in the hole, then accelerated to help dig up. That is the body of a man who was buried together Which he expected to be an outsider because in the area has not yet been reported. At the same time, Miss Wiphaporn, 31 volunteer volunteer officer, Chokchai told the minute to find the body that when digging, found the body of the way. Female first While raising the body of a woman, suddenly found human legs emerged from the ground Which was thought to be another body buried together before digging up as a male body The size of the hole is 80 centimeters wide and 240 centimeters long and has a depth of 70 centimeters. The characteristics of implantation are the criminals should dig a man's burial hole first and then pour over and then take the woman to lying upside down. The face of the man's body before pouring over again, except the head and legs in the progress of the police. Distributed the power to find more information Including checking the CCTV near the scene of the incident as much as possible Including bringing metal detectors to check the points that were found repeatedly to find additional evidence But recently found more information Aside from the tattoo like a crown in the middle of the back And the tattoos are similar to the flower line, the right hand of the woman. The girl still has to wait for the results of the legal autopsy in both bodies thoroughly from the Maharaj Nakorn Ratchasima Hospital. In order to analyze, specify the details of both bodies again It is possible that it may be foreigners or foreign workers because the tattoos found on the body of a young woman are not very popular among people in the country. Therefore, a picture of the tattoo of the woman has publicized all channels. Especially in various factories that have a lot of foreign workers to work In order to find information to confirm the person first, and most recently, it was reported that the forensic officials were found to have signs of unknown firearms in the heads of both bodies.
The Chinese man shot the mother to quench the condo in the middle of the city.Locked his wife and children, not tragic, still smiling, giving out media|The Chinese son shot the mother of the plastic factory. Quench the condo in Sukhumvit area Claiming to not bear the pressure The police detained for investigation. Also sent a smile to the media, reporters reported that yesterday (29 July) at 19.30 hrs. Pol. Col. Duangchot Suwanjarat, Director of Thonglor Police Station Was informed by the subordinates that the shot was dead, there were deaths The incident occurred in the room number 179/275, 9th floor, a luxury condo in Soi Sukhumvit 39, Sukhumvit Road, Khlong Tan Nuea Subdistrict, Watthana District, Bangkok. The probation and volunteer Division of the Ruam Grate in the room at the scene of the incident found the body of Mrs. Xing, 65 years old. The Chinese nationality of the Thai nationality has been shot by 1 shot, knowing that the deceased has been in Thailand for a long time until receiving Thai nationality. At the scene of the incident, the officer found the crime, the son of the deceased, known as Mr. Kevin, 41 years old, Chinese nationality, Australia. There is pressure from the mother who is the owner of a plastic factory in Sam Khok District, Pathum Thani Province. Causing Mr. Kevin to feel pressured In addition, before the incident, there was a drinking Causing the said gun to shoot after the incident, not escaping anywhere Officials use negotiations. By releasing a 7 -year -old wife and son and a 2 -year -old daughter The police then detained and seized the 9 mm. Gloor firearms and 4 BB guns. And assigned the investigation department of Thonglor Police Station to investigate reporters that While in detain, Kevin came to investigate at the investigation room of Thong Lo Police Station. Mr. Kevin still has a tragic attitude to the incident. There was a smile at the media that was waiting in front of the investigative room. Before the officers detained for a thorough investigation About personal information and is the cause of the actual incident. Before colleagues came to see the body Ready to reveal that The deceased is a vice president of the Thai Trade and Industry Association. Is a person who has a good heart, diligent, generous to colleagues Is the owner of the plastic production company. In doing business, the person will do everything by yourself. And will allow the son to continue the business But the son has behavior like to drink alcohol Causing frequent arguments But will cause the cause to shoot or not, then do not know And everyone was shocked by this event
Opposition to the Chinese guy shot the mother.Referred to as planning to kill the kitchen but the police stopped the incident in time|July 30, 2022, the investigation officer of the Chinese Kevin, Chinese nationality, Australia, 41 years old, the accused caused the murder of Mrs. Xing. Vice President of the Thai Trade and Industry Association Who is a 61 -year -old mother in the room at the condominium in Sukhumvit 39 last night Come to investigate more After being detained after the incident After that he detained the car to control the accused. In order to ask for the power of the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court, deposit the first fried and the investigation officer oppose the bail of the police officer Duangchot Suwancharat, director of Thong Lo Police Station, revealed that the accused claimed that That caused the incident because of being pressured by the mother Which is a business owner about plastic factory In Sam Khok District Pathum Thani Province and Maudert, which will be the guards in the factory. Causing Mr. Kevin to feel pressured before the incident Drinking alcohol, causing the incident Which after the incident did not escape The negotiating officer persuaded Until releasing a 7 -year -old wife and a 2 -year -old daughter after the incident, the accused tried to commit suicide Including wives and children But the police went to suspend the incident in the preliminary Was reported to kill his parents And possessing firearms and ammunition are not allowed The accused confessed. And has been in Thailand for 12 years, doing business on LED light bulbs As for the deceased Take care of the dead plastic factory, 1 shot on the right side with a 9 mm gun. Currently sent to the National Forensic Science Institute. Police Hospital To the cause of death
Speeding up the case of killing 2 bodies of land, confirming the deceased as a foreign-Thai womanWas shot before buried|Deputy Commander in Chief of the Police in Korat accelerated to solve the case of killing 2 bodies in the ground at Chokchai, confirming the foreign man - Thai women were shot in the middle of the forest before Pook Poppon, plunged Maj. Gen. Suchart Thee. Rasawat, Deputy Commander of the National Police Along with the group to follow up the case, found the body of a young woman and anonymous man killed, bare and buried the soil, waving the cement to disguise the body in the Thung Arun community forest. Baan Por Phran, Village No. 1, Thung Arun Subdistrict, Chokchai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, approximately 300 meters away from the Highway 224, Chokchai -Khonburi, with a trace that was shot in both heads. From the excavation of the body on July 28, the past Maj. Gen. Suchart Theerasawat revealed that The progress of the case today, the evidence officials Initially inspected the area again. Initially, an additional important witness object was a bullet and a bullet. Falling at the scene, about 1-2 meters away from the scene of the body, making it possible to believe that the criminal should act at this point. Before making a burial literary As for the inspection, the silicone in the body of the girl has not yet been reported in this section. If it is true, it will be able to check that silicone mud's cereal. And if it is a silicone in the country, it will be easier to check. In addition, the Deputy Commander of the National Police also states that From the confirmation of the forensic doctor clearly that The body of a young woman found was Thai. The other man's body is a foreigner. The bodies of foreign men were shot in the head of 3 shots, while the women were shot in the socket for 1 shot dead for about 2-4 weeks. It also assumed that the criminals should know the area very well Due to the said point, it was quite difficult to observe and access. In the event that a report was reported, a clue was found that the van found the scene before the body was found. At this time, it cannot be used as information in the case. Must be clearly investigated again After this, the probation officer will bring the shell and bullets to inspect. To identify the weapons used to cause the crime and find the criminal to prosecute as soon as possible Which is expected to take the time to solve the case within 1 week
The prosecutor revealed the case of "Boss Yuwittaya" charged with consumption.ExpiredOnly one case left|The prosecutor revealed the case of "Boss Yoo Wittaya". Charged with the expired cocaine. Now only one charge is left. Will terminate the age of 3 September 2077 today (2 Aug) Mr. Prayut Petkhun, Deputy Director -General Special Case Office In the Deputy Spokesman of the Office of the Attorney General, revealed that the results of the new drug Code From 9 December 2018, which has been abolished the drug Act 1979, resulting in the case of Mr. Worayuth Yoowittaya or Boss on charges of consumption of cocaine. Because the prosecutor set up a new criminal case With Mr. Itthiporn Kaewthip Director -General Criminal Case Office Is the head of the working group and is a work secretary Reported to increase the charges of addiction after the prosecution Mr Worayut escaped. Until the court has an arrest warrant, which is scheduled to be 10 years old, in accordance with the Drug Act, in 1979, Section 58, which states that no one uses the drug addiction (Type 2 drugs) If anyone violates, there will be a penalty under Section 91, which is imprisonment for 6 months to 3 years, resulting in the case that is 10 years old. The case was born on 3 Sep 2012. The mission will be lacking on 3 Sep 2022, but it appears that later a new drug code has been enforced. By canceling all the drug acts in 1979 and writing a new type 5 drug use in Article 104 of the said law stating that Do not allow anyone to use drug type 2 (cocane). If the violator will be punished under Section 162, with a prison sentence of not more than 1 year, resulting in the age of 10 years to reduce to 5 years, causing Mr. Wora's case. The battle is charged automatically. Therefore, at present, the case of Mr. Worayuth Only one charge left is Careless driving Causing others to die Is an offense under Section 291 of the Criminal Code, with a imprisonment rate of not more than 10 years, therefore aged 15 years and will end on 3 Sep 2077
Collected and then ripe the real gold pendant. The 4th year.Find funds to grow marijuana.|Collected and then a single robber using a gun to pendant to win 5 gold necklaces. Find funds to grow marijuana. Sold from the incident. By using firearms to intimidate the shop staff to pick up the gold necklace in a black bag Get 5 gold necklaces, 1 baht per line, total weight of 5 baht, worth more than 150,000 baht before the criminal runs out of the motorcycle shop to escape. The incident occurred at 16.00 hrs. On July 27, the latest today (2 Aug). Reporters reported that Police Investigation Division, Nakhon Ratchasima Province Together with the investigation team Nakhon Ratchasima Police Station Trace this criminal until found clues, the criminal stole the motorcycle Yamaha Fano brand, red, red from Thung Thale, Hua Thale Subdistrict, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima District Then used to cause the gold to compete Before leaving it, the investigation set was scratched from the CCTV until knowing the criminal. And followed and arrested at a dormitory near the famous university Knowing the name of the accused, Mr. Pornthep, 24, is a 4th year student in the famous university in Nakhon Ratchasima, the police brought him to take the exam until opening the mouth to confess that Is the criminal who caused the real golden pendant In order to use the money to be used as a scholarship to grow marijuana, while the incident pretended to be a legs to slap the staff Before bringing the 5 golden necklaces that have been buried in the cassava forest near the university that they are studying As for the firearms used to cause a fake gun After the criminal opened his mouth to confess The police have brought to search all the 5 items back.
Collected and gang killed the motorcycle.After the deceased took a picture of a casino to unfold|Central police investigation Collecting the gang, killing the mouth of the motorcycle After the deceased took a picture of a casino, unfolding the case for more than 2 years (3 Aug 65), the Crime Suppression Division Central Police Headquarters Under the supervision of Maj. Gen. Jiraphop Phurdej, Commander in Chief, Pol.Gen. Police Station, Col. Phatthanasak Bubphasuwan, Deputy Commander in Chief, Pol. Col. Pornsak Laojiralai The Director of the Royal Thai Police, Police Lieutenant Colonel Singchai Than Chaisit, Pol.Col. Suriyasak Jirawat, Pol.Col. Phanumat Saeng sent to the Operations of the Royal Thai Police, the Army Officer, led by Pol.Lt.Gen. Deputy Deputy Chief of Police 3, together with the police officers, Chor. 5 kg 3, the Royal Thai Army jointly arrested Mr. Niphon (Surname), aged 47 years, the accused under the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court 889/2011, dated 10 . 2021, which must be found to commit an offense. "Together to kill others by premiere first, together with firearms And ammunition in possession without permission, together to carry firearms in the city, village or public way without permission to have firearms Or without the necessity and urgent as appropriate to the circumstances Or reasonable " In front of a bus garage, Bang Sare Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, from July 28, 2020 at approximately 12.00 hrs. Mr. Niphon (the accused) and the motorcycle ride a motorcycle, using firearms, war size .45 opposite Mr. Pratum (the deceased), who is a motorcycle win. With the cause of the deceased smuggled to take pictures of the casino in Pattaya Then brought the picture out. Later, the police officers investigated until knowing that After the incident, the accused fled to the area in Bajo District, Narathiwat Province and returned to live in a bus in Bang Sare area, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province. Therefore reported Police Colonel Wiwat Jit Sopakul, Director of the Royal Thai Army, and has ordered Police Lieutenant Colonel Suriyasak Jirawat, Deputy Director of the Police Department 3 (responsible for the investigation, suppression), accelerated the arrest as soon as the case involves the influential person in the area. And was a serious reason. On July 27, 65, police officers arrested Therefore entered the investigation area to follow the accused Until the accused was found in front of a bus garage, Bang Sare Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province. After that, he was brought to the investigation officer of Kor. 2, the Royal Thai Police in order to proceed according to the law. Inquire about the preliminary accused To confess throughout the allegations
Nonthaburi prosecutor ordered sue 6 members of the speedboat, watermelon case, not murder|Nonthaburi prosecutor ordered 6 members of the speedboat. Being charged with everyone But not a murder (3 Aug 65) At 10.00 hrs. At the Nonthaburi Provincial Prosecutor's Office, Mr. Prayut Phetkhun, Deputy Spokesman of the Office of the Attorney General, together with Ms. Supaporn Nipavanich or the Attorney General Nonthaburi Province Announced the case of Nonthaburi Province, appointment 6, the accused came to listen to the commands in the case of the death of Ms. Phatthida Patcharaweerapong or the famous actor of a young actress that fell into a speed boat, died on the 24th. Last February After postponing the appointment of the order 3 times, Mr Prayut said that Nonthaburi Province Appointment of all 6 suspects, consisting of 1. Mr. Nuphat or Por Lert Thaweewit 2. Mr. Paiboon or Robert Tri Kanchananan 3. Mr. Nithat or Job Kirati Sutthorn 4. Ms. Ichsarin or Jutatha Suksawat 5. Mr. Wisa Phatcha or Sandmanomairat and 6. Mr. Phee or Mathamathornsri, according to Mrs. Phanida Sikhirutyothin Mae Taeng is the filed with the inquiry official. Muang Nonthaburi Police Station, which is now considered completed Therefore ordered to sue Mr Naphat or Por in 5 charges of negligence Causing others to death, false reporting, no diploma on the boat as required by law And addicted to mental and nervous 2 or Alprasolam Illegal for Mr. Paiboon or Robert, ordered 4 charges of negligence, causing death to others, using a boat at the license to expire, no diploma on the boat as required by law. And pouring sewage into the river, Mr. Wisa Phatcha or Sand ordered 1 charge of negligence, causing death to others Mr. Nithat or Job 3 charges of negligence, causing death to others, helping others. To not be punished Or less punished And pour it out or do anything into the River, S. Isarin, or the 3rd grade, charged with negligence, causing death to others, reporting a lie to the inquiry official And help others No need to be punished Or get less punishment, Mr. Pim or M 2 charges of using others to report false statements. And to help others not to be punished Or less punished. From now on, all the accused will be brought to sue to the Nonthaburi Provincial Court immediately. In the case of Mrs. Phanida Will withdraw the lawsuit in the murder, will it affect the case or not? Deputy spokesman said that the withdrawal does not affect the criminal proceedings. Because the court has not yet considered By bringing the case to court The prosecutor can order if the expression is done. The victim can sue itself if the victim. But to request the plaintiff with the prosecutor If any actions cause the case to be damaged Will ask the court to suspend In this regard, in the investigation There is no evidence to the murder. Which we consider the expressions and laws involved and look at all dimensions It was not known that the leaders had to sue the murder. There was any evidence. Ms. Supaporn said that in the case of the case Nonthaburi prosecutor ordered a total of 3 additional sueters for Mr. Por on charges of addiction. And for Mr. Nithat or Job and Miss Isarin or the additional bears, the base is negligent, causing death to others, confirming that all the evidence is clear that it is negligent. Which if Mrs. Phanida To request as a joint plaintiff, it is considered a right But had to check before. At 10:00 am, the investigation officer detained 6 people, looking for a lawsuit at the Nonthaburi Provincial Court. With all having a smooth expression And do not mention any issues after the prosecutor has ordered to sue While Mr Wisa Patch or Sand walked down from a detained van Comes with a second hand and immediately walk into the court
Lawyer Tum took the "famous female protagonist" to report the arrest of the inspector level, indecent charges.|Lawyer Tum took the famous girl channel, reporting the arrest of a police inspector, confirmed to prosecute to the end. Reporters reported that today (3 Aug) at 17.30 hrs at Kannayawa Police Station. Or lawyer Tum took a 26 -year -old half -aged female protagonist under the famous channel to report the prosecution of the inspector of a police station charged with a pornographic at a village in Khubon, said Sittira, because on the night 1 night August, the victim has traveled to socialize with friends, divided into 1 female 3, then about 3:00 am on 2 August. The female friend persuaded them to go to socialize in a village in Khubon area. Which is the house of a friend's friend. When he arrived at the house, he met the owner of the house. And the said police officer Which is a friend of the owner of the house Set up a group of drinking and socializing on the ground floor of the house. After that, during 04.00 hrs. Without drinking more alcohol in any way, even at about 09.00 hrs. It felt like someone came to rub and rub the chest Therefore woke up and found that the policeman tried to lie beside With the hand caressing on the body Although the sofa can only sleep In shock, hurry up and try to look for friends who come together, but only meet a male friend who knows lying on a sofa Then woke and hurriedly left the house. Thaneyasitra said that after the incident, the police tried to contact the owner and friend to apologize. And the owner of the house tried to be an intermediary in the negotiation But there are no adults coming in to clear in any way. In which the victim insists on prosecution to the end Therefore reported charges of indecent acts With a 10 -year imprisonment, a fine of 200,000 baht and will complain to the Metropolitan Police Headquarters (Bor.Chor.) To have a committee to investigate the facts And to have disciplinary punishment Personally, the victim At this time, the state of mind is bad. Not ready to provide information to the media As for the said police officer Haven't checked the information yet. Just know that the inspector is at One police station reported that From the call to the police officer 5 times, but the police officer did not answer the call in any way. Police Colonel Naren, the fun machine, the director of Kannayao Police Station, said that initially received the matter. Which will allow the female inquiry official to interrogate thoroughly As well as preparing to issue a subpoena to acknowledge the allegations
"Lawyer Tum" did not believe. "Former director Jo" reminiscent in the prison, still sending people to threaten vengeance.|The lawyer Tum did not believe the director Jo. Real remorse was revealed in the prison. Open the clip, cover the black bag, progress Police Colonel Thitisan Uthonphon or director Jo After the court sentenced to death The case of the black bag torture the drug, died of the police station. And the court has reduced the penalty from the death penalty Remaining imprisonment for life on 8 June. Later, the mother of Col. Thitisan opened his heart that he didn't wish to fight the case in the appeal or the petition. The sister, director Jo revealed that his brother wants to take responsibility for what he has done. Today (4 Aug), Mr. Sitra Phem, or the lawyer Tum, who revealed the clip of the director Joe. Until leading to the arrest Coming to comment on Facebook, Sornyuth Suthasanachinda, Kilok news, news, director Jo will not fight the case and responsible for what is done by the lawyer Tum stated that "If the truth is true In the prison, do not leave someone to threaten me again. "Lawyer Tum Also posted via Facebook Additional this issue states that "I do not believe that Director Jo will be honest. Because the previous month still threatened me from the prison That must be in prison Because I opened a clip of a minute to kill But the director Jo did not appeal And heals the plaintiff Because he wanted the case to the end In order to meet the criteria for forgiveness. Many people wonder how many years director Joe will be in prison. Being someone else would have 15 years, but the director of Jo, I thought that it would be attached to 5-7 years. "The prosecutor would not appeal. The plaintiff received the remedy would not appeal. The defendant did not appeal to the end of the day, waiting for the day to reduce the penalty if the merit came out quickly. Don't do anything evil again. "
Inherited from siliconeRealizing that men and women were killed, bare, buriedNigeria-Vietnamese girl|The police already realized who the men and women were killed. Found a 38 -year -old Nigerian man and a 33 -year -old Vietnamese girl. The progress in the case of villagers to find wild mushrooms and then meet the soil like a grave. At the public forest area, Ban Por Pran, Village No. 1, Thung Arun Subdistrict, Chokchai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, approximately 400 meters away from the Highway 224, Chokchai-Khon Buri, then informed the nearby village headman to bring villagers to dig. On the evening of July 28, 65, before finding the body of a male-female Naked, killed, buried and used cement to wave According to the latest news, today (4 Aug) at 09.30 hrs. At the Provincial Police Headquarters Region 3, Muang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Pol.Gen. Police along with Police Lieutenant Colonel Sompong Ching Duang, Commander in Chief of the Police, went on a helicopter to follow the progress of the case by calling the Central Investigation Meeting, consisting of the police, Crown Suppression Division, Central Police Investigation, Police Inspection. Immigration, Tourist Police, Pol. Maj. Gen. Somprasong Yen Thung, Ph.D. 3, Pol. Maj. Gen. Pornchai Novchai, Ph.D., Nakhon Ratchasima, the police officers in Nakhon Ratchasima and the set. Investigate Chokchai Police Station after receiving the new evidence after the meeting is more than 1 hour. News reports that Maj. Gen. Suchart Gave the investigation set to bring the evidence, namely the silicone in the body of the dead woman Coordinate with a silicone production country, check the LOT #: 19060170 340 cc with the answer that the number was sold in Vietnam, therefore coordinated to the Embassy of Vietnam Thailand. To bring the fingerprint of the woman who died To help check Until knowing that the fingerprints match the Vietnamese woman aged 33 years. In addition, the fingerprint of the dead man was inspected. And the result of the 38 -year -old Nigerian fingerprint, which the police officers will bring this information Come to search for additional evidence in order to speed up the case of this brutal murder
Attended the teeth, the owner of the pub "Mountain B" careless, causing the deadFound the fire escape door being locked|The director of the police officer revealed that he was charged with negligence, causing the dead to the owner of the pub. Mountian B after finding the fire escape door was locked. Waiting to gather evidence before requesting an arrest warrant. Maj. Gen. Sompong Ching Duang, Assistant Commander of the National Police Going to the area to inspect the incident, the fire of Mountian B, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, said that the police have been proven in the middle of the evidence confirming that the real fire escape door is locked. The owner of this entertainment will enter. The negligence is caused by others to death. And open entertainment without permission And there is a building extension without permission As for other offenses And the relevant parties will have to wait during the initial inspection. The audit committee has been established. Must definitely check all issues With a short time Which asked the inquiry official to collect evidence in order to request the court to issue an arrest warrant for the structure of the building from the inspection of civil engineers Know that the building is not standardized, assembly, heat, causing damage The inspection of the officers must also be careful and consider safety as well. Pol. Maj. Gen. Sompong said that the shop owner emphasized that the investigative officer has already met. As for the details of the opening of this place without permission And there are police people involved or not yet. But the Provincial Police Region 2 has established the audit committee. Anyone involved is responsible for all the establishments. Should check and see if their entertainment venues are opened correctly or not. Do not think only the benefits. But must also consider the life and safety of users
Pattaya Court issued an arrest warrant for the owner of Mountain B. Carrified base-Do not ask for permission to open the pub.|Pattaya Provincial Court Approved an arrest warrant for Mr. Pongsiri Panprasong, the owner of the Pub, Mountain B, located at Phluta Luang Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province on Saturday (6 Aug) after the fire was dead. At least 15 people. As for the allegations of this arrest warrant, there are 2 allegations: negligence, causing others to be injured and death. And opened the pub without permission. This movement occurred after the fire at 01.00 hrs on Friday (5 Aug) during the incident. Customers ran away to survive. Some have fire on clothes and body. And after controlling the fire, it was found that the deaths were stuck within 13 cremation and many injured were sent to the hospital. Later, the injured 2 died. Causing at least 15 people from the incident Had been complained and prosecuted in July from opening over time and without a license
Tom jealous, brutally followed by his girlfriend, the back of a good citizen.Splashing more than 40 wounds|Tom jealous, brutally followed by his girlfriend, the back of the car, good citizen. Splashing acid in the face-sneaked over 40 wounds. . Mueang Nong Khai Notified of the person who was assaulted with good citizens to Nong Khai Hospital and the culprit at the hospital. Therefore coordinating the staff Security, hospital, detained the culprit before and along with Col. Yuthana Ngamsai, Director of Muang Nong Khai Police Station And a number of police officers went to inspect Found that the injured named Miss Jatuporn, 37 years old, cosmetic shop staff By the face being splashed by acid The body was stabbed with a sharp weapon of more than 40 wounds. The doctor tried to help, but Ms. Jatuporn died later. The body has blood stains attached. The officers detained. Col. Yuthana Ngamsai, Director of Muang Nong Khai Police Station, said that from the investigation The culprit and the deceased have been dating. With a feud The deceased woman has many people like it. Causing Tom to be dissatisfied Quarrel often Before the accident, the deceased went to work as usual. The offender used the reserve keys to open the sedan of the deceased waiting in the mall's parking lot. By preparing acid in a plastic pitcher. 1 jug carrying 1 short knife, 10 cm in a row, 1 book, waiting in the back seat. When it's time to finish work, the deceased walked to drive out of the mall. The cause of the crime appeared and quarreled. The deceased drove to the Bypass Road, Nong Khai - Vientiane, Nong Kom Ko Subdistrict. Nong Khai forest checkpoint Then parked the car and ran away Jump up behind the pickup truck of the good citizens parked there and ask to help take him to the hospital. The culprit ran with the acid pitcher and the dagger wished behind the pickup truck. Good citizens rushed to drive to Nong Khai Hospital. At that moment, the culprit used the acid that was prepared to put on the face and used the dagger to pierce the body several times. Until good citizens drove to the front of Nong Khai Hospital The security guard saw the back of the pickup truck, with both the injured and the culprit. Therefore helped to hold the culprit first As for the injured, the officers accelerated to help but expected to get many severe injuries. Died later. Initially, the police detained Ms. Thanchanok, the culprit, reported the charges of killing others first. By confessing to do because of jealousy Afraid that the deceased would have a new girlfriend Accept the wrongdoing And the police prohibit bail, which at this time there is no relative to contact to request bail in any way
The mother shocked the money to pull the 12 year old son in an abandoned house in an abandoned house.Swollen genitals|The mother shocked the money to pull the 12 year old son in an abandoned house. The genitals are swollen, the most pus, resentment, payment of debt, less than a thousand. But came back to attack the children, parents, 12 years old, met Mr. Ekkaphop Great yellow The founder of the silk page must survive. In order to ask for help after the son was releasing the money, the son of the son was on a motorcycle, taking him to do indecent in an abandoned house. Until the genitals were swollen as Nong Mae Nong A (the fictional name), aged 38, saying that the incident occurred on Saturday evening at about 18.30 hrs. While he was doing errands outside The father of the child drives the Win has not returned. From the inquiry, the son stated that while walking to buy things in a convenience store near the house Covering the loan, which he did not know the name, drove a motorcycle in front of his son. Before pulling his arms forcing it to get in the car After that, led to the alleyways before taking into an abandoned house near Nong Phak Chi Temple, Soi Phahonyothin 52, then covering the loan, took off his own pants and holding the head of the younger, forced the bird to Before catching the younger, take off the pants and use your hands to do indecent Which also told him that "If you tell anyone I will die." Finally, you rely on the rhythm of the loan to take off the shirt, pushing until falling and hurriedly wearing the running pants to escape in the temple. At that time, she saw the loan to try to drive. When he was out of his eyes, he ran to ask for help at the pharmacy in the middle of the alley until about 7 pm. After a while, cover the loan and come in and raise your hands. At that time I thought that I would come to my father to save money. He still told his father. Surprised because in the past, he never raised his hand to pay respect He then drove out for about 10 minutes. Someone came at home to pick up the younger. The first word I heard is not knowing what to do. When he was shocked, he hurried to see the younger sitting, crying, but Bang did after the incident, brought him to the doctor to check the body. Today I asked Khun Ekkaphop. Silk page must survive. In the past, many times have been borrowed from this person. Most recently, I borrowed 4 thousand baht. The installment was paid to the amount of 950 baht, but it was a different story. Would like to catch him to prosecute Confirmed that he would prosecute to the end And can send back to the country Do not want to be done to do with other people again. Mr Ekkop said that from the inquiry of the mother, the child knows that there is a real borrowing and has been paid until it runs out. And on Saturday evening Bid to find the house and could not see an adult In addition, the mother did not pay for 2 days, so it may cause to escape. And met the child, so he carried the child to obedient After this, will take to report the prosecution of the minor and act of indecent children. This loan Personally, I believe that I would not do this only one time because of the circumstances after taking the car to take the house immediately. Or report to Bang Khen police station in order not to cause the incident with others Another reporter went to the area of the incident, found 2 abandoned wooden houses at the end of Soi Phahonyothin 52, behind Nong Phak Chi Temple. From the information, knowing that at this point there are often a group of loans to drive in And regularly mingle each other
The most brutal!Teenagers opened the battle to chase the teeth of the 17 -year -old.|The teenage gang opened the battle to chase the teeth of the 17 -year -old. Until causing injuries Was torn by the teeth on the left wrist While the injured ran away to ask for help in the convenience store Within Soi Ekachai 76 Intersection 2 Khlong Bang Phl Subdistrict, Bang Bon District, Bangkok, the reporter then entered the area to inspect the scene during the daytime. The scene of the incident is in the community. Similar to market Initially found some blood marks on the road. And found 1 helmet, which is still unknown to which side is falling, inquiring that The injured were a man named Mr. Methawi, 17, a volunteer officer, helped to bring the naval hospital to ask the incident that at the moment, he and his girlfriend. Going to buy things at the market To cook While opening the door of the house Meet teenagers Drive a motorcycle 3-4 rounds, then hold a weapon to drag on the floor, chase the teeth near the separation. The injured and friends are separated. Before the injured person ran down and hit the enemy 4-5 people using weapons to have a teeth He was shocked until shaking. Did not dare to open the door At first I thought that the said man had died. But after a while he got up and ran to ask for help in a convenience store. Resulting in a large amount of blood flowing in the floor. The Bang Khun Thian police officers are accelerating and chasing the images from the CCTV nearby. In order to follow the teenagers who continue to prosecute
The lawyer Sia Biwon court sympathize with bail to come out to raise money to heal victims.Lean, not an influence|The lawyer Sia Biwon court sympathize with bail to come out to raise money to heal victims. Lean, not an influence It's just a young spouse who wants to create Mr. Anucha Wongsrirat, the lawyer of "Sia B", the owner of the Manda Bee business revealed that we now have the hope of receiving compassion from the court to insurance. one Because of the incident, it came from negligence, and we have always tried to heal. If the bail comes out, it will be able to run to relatives or people you know to make money to use in remedies. Therefore expecting that the court will understand and sympathize because the intention is not thinking of fleeing anywhere since the day of the incident. For the case of "Sia B" and the family feels shocked and very sad. Because it is not intended to be just a young working age Which is only 27 years old who wants to create Want to create the future only Which still does not know much of the steps and methods, so there is a mistake. As for the case of that case, there is still a part of the authorities. To have additional investigations And many other witnesses The charges that the court issued in two cases, there may be additional charges later. Especially in the matter of the building About the addition And from the notification of many victims In this case, there will be a matter of time and documents of the shop that must be clarified. This is another case that wants to be bailed to complete the proceedings. Mr. Anucha said that in the case of a cash or securities that will be used in remedies or proceeding in the case of that case. This is considered quite difficult. However, we will try to clear the victim as much as possible because it is a lot of money. Most recently, there were injured. And additional patients Although the number of the deceased is still at 15 people, the part that asks whether to take the securities to bring money to bail or compensation is considered troubling because the property as the land of that shop Is just a rental land, not a private land in any way While giving people with a large government position to help us, which really And we don't know a lot of anyone Is just a merchant Ordinary businessman And everything is in the family circle Parents, siblings only Therefore, the news that has been presented would like to help. In order to be accurate as well. There are reports in front of the fire pub, Mountain B. has a good hand to drive a motorcycle alone. Wear a full helmet, bring the wreath and specify the message "R I P, the owner of the Mount Tent B" before driving the motorcycle out quickly. Which, from the inquiry of the police officers who are watching the area, do not know the details in any way
Full funeral pavilionOpening the community pavilionSet the body of the birthday owner of the Death Victim "Mountain B."|Full funeral pavilion Opening the community pavilion Set the body of the birthday owner of the Death Victim "Mount Ten Bee", the 15th body. Aug 65) At 15.00 hrs. At the Community Hall, Village No. 7, Ban Nong Ya, Bang Sare Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, Mr. Yossawat Phuwarat Lertkhun Mayor of Krad Kaew Subdistrict Traveled to facilitate In the establishment of the metaphysics chanting ceremony of Mr. Thanakrit (Surname Surname), aged 36 years, victim of the fire "Mountain Pro", 15th birthday owner on the night of the incident. In the group of Mr Thanakrit, it is considered to be the most dead groups and injuries in the red group must use 3 respirators and 1 in 3 of the injured. Is the wife of the deceased Still maintaining the Charoen Krung Hospital, Pracharak, Bangkok, which was burned by the face and back Symptoms are the same death. Mr. Yosawat Phuwarat Lertkhun Mayor of Krad Kaew District revealed that he was coordinated by the deceased father that the temple pavilion in the area Full Kaew Subdistrict Municipality in every pavilion from a fire To comply with the order of The governor of Chon Buri Province has ordered all departments in Sattahip District. Facilitating the victims of this fire fully The municipality decided Open this community pavilion Which used to be the Optional Command Building-19 Village But when it is necessary in this event The municipality therefore provides Is a place of prayer of this dead body Which is a residents in Nong Ya village Along with coordinating with the temple Borrowing a cold coffin as a monk, including all the appliances of the monk's rituals Will facilitate everything that the relatives will request. On the night of the incident The municipality has organized a fire truck and the team. To support the scene And saw the incident, could not say anything And do not want this kind of event to happen Which this event Considered as the first occurrence in the area of Sattahip District, so would like all sectors in Sattahip. Help each other in all aspects for everyone in Sattahip. Through the story of this event, Miss Nittaya, 30 years old, sister and Mrs. Atchara, 63 years old, the mother of the deceased revealed that the family could not accept the incident. Because the deceased is the pillar of the family With a business opening a grocery store in the village Which on the day of the incident Is the birthday of the deceased After eating and partying at home, at 5 pm, they closed the house and then went to the Mountain Probe until the deceased wife called to inform. After that, I couldn't contact anyone anymore. Trying to find at various hospitals and did not know again. The deceased was moved to Rayong Hospital, while the wife was moved to Charoen Krung Pracharak Hospital. Before the deceased later died at Rayong Hospital. In addition, yesterday Has been coordinated by Mountain B. to show responsibility for this event. But the family confirms that Didn't want to claim money But before this, what the family wanted Is to maintain the lives of the deceased and well -treated To save lives But there is no contact or sending agents to take care and considered very slow Until now he had died. The wife of the deceased is still coma. As for the case Admit that the family is fascinated by all parts Especially in the matter of the exit door Because from the news The shop says another way. As for the people who are in the incident Which is completely different Which the shop claims that the door is open If opened, everyone in the pub must survive. How do people escape to die? But why do everyone have to run at the front door? If the door is actually open Anyway, everyone must leave every goal. If the door opens the dead and the injured must survive everyone.
The girl shot the boyfriend.The subordinates usurp the gun before shooting himself.|Come true according to the challenge! The girl shot his boyfriend, died, hoping to die, but his subordinates took the gun in time. Claiming resentment, being attacked-scolding Despite working all the time, reporters reported that at 7:30 am today (8 Aug), Capt. Notified of a shot at the scene of the incident in front of the plastic shop Within a market, Village No. 15, Khu Khot Subdistrict, Lam Luk Ka District, Pathum Thani Province, after being notified, then rushed to the scene with a number of investigative officers. Volunteer Foundation Doctor of Bhumibol Adulyadej Hospital The proof of the incident was a 4 -story commercial building in front of the shop. 1 person was found to know the name of Mr. Supornchai, 40 years old, with 2 wounds shot in the abdomen, 1 right -footprint, 1 shot left, causing death in the form of lying in front of the shop. Beside each other, 4 mm shell shells were found. The officers then kept for inspection. Ms. Tharinya, 40 years old, by arresting the scene with a 9 mm firearm, CZ brand, with a number of ammunition from the inquiry of Miss Noi, 27 years old, Laos nationality. Was an employee that while the incident occurred in the shop In which the dead, the employer just finished offering the alms -bowl and was about to walk into the shop Before the woman who caused the incident After that, the sound of the gun rang 1 shot before the dead fell. He then prohibited not to shoot before the 2nd shot, so he said not to shoot. Before shooting again for the 3rd round before he ran away, including 4 shots, with the dead owner As for the shot, they do not know what it is. But will come as a cashier at the shop at night. As for the cause, I do not know what cause I was just an employee, but the culprit often came to the shop. During the incident, the dead had just finished offering food to the shop. The culprit immediately pulled the firearm out. Until the dead fell, Ms. Tharinya, who caused the testimony that he and the deceased had been together for 4 years and had no children together. Did not register marriage. Previously, he had quarreled many times. The deceased had assaulted. Used to squeeze the neck many times Which is general I have always helped work. Insulting all kinds of stress, accumulated by yesterday, arguing and heavily until the man chased himself He then went to another room. And there is a severe curse phone In which the man said that it was certain This morning, I traveled with a firearm that I bought from the internet. And brought to the scene of the shot at the boyfriend until he died. In which he intends to kill his girlfriend and kill himself But after shooting his girlfriend, his girlfriend's subordinates can take the gun So he could not catch the trigger at himself. He intended to die in the boyfriend. Ek Amorn Si, Deputy Deputy Police Investigation, Khu Khot Police Station revealed that he had investigated the scene to wait for the investigation from the proof of the evidence. Coordinate the investigation department to inspect the closed circuit to interrogate witnesses. And brought the culprit to interrogate for legal proceedings As for the body of the deceased, the Volunteer Foundation Bhumibol Adulyadej Hospital In order to wait for the kith and kin to return to the religious merit -making
Sia Bam Mountain, Propolting, apologizing"I will heal everyone." After the court bail|Sia Bam Mountain, Propolting, apologizing "I will heal everyone." After the court gave a total of 3 hundred thousand bail and attached to the EM (8 Aug 65) bracelet). Behind the Pattaya Court and immediately took a private car After being temporarily released When the court ordered the bail in the cash of 300,000 baht and attached to the EM bracelet with conditions 1. Do not interfere with other evidence or cause disaster. 2. Have the accused report when the second is the 4th and the 7th time. After receiving the release of Mr. Pongsiri Panprasong or Sia B, said to the reporters for "I apologize, I will heal every at I went out to heal everyone. "In the posture, raising hands and paying respect all the time. The tone of the trembling voice and the eyes were always serious. Before traveling from the court immediately Reporters talked to Mrs. Anongnat Panprasong, 31, the wife of "Sia B" by revealing that Hoping to ask for compassion for the court Give bail for the husband In order to accelerate The deceased and all injured In this regard, confirm that My husband is not a goat. Which from the day of the incident The husband is very sad. After helping the customer and extinguishing the fire Until able to control the fire The husband traveled to Phluta Police Station on the day of the incident. Waiting to give a testimony Until being issued an arrest warrant Before being delivered to the court today Which admitted that I can't do it either. Both husbands have to sleep in prison. And various losses that occur Bow to all offenses And will accelerate all the dead and the injured Which previously started to proceed
Sia B. After getting bailAppeared the funeral of the VictoryKneeling for forgiveness from the deceased relatives|Sia B. After getting bail Appeared the funeral of the Victory Kneeling for forgiveness from the deceased relatives Along with providing a wreath and basic remedy (8 Aug 65) at 19.20 hrs. At Sala 2, Sattahip Temple, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, Mr. Pongsiri Panprasong or Sia B, the owner of the Mountain B pub, along with Mrs. Anongnathaprasong 31 years old, the wife traveled to give a wreath Along with giving a basic funeral of 50,000 baht to Miss Rambhai Chingchat, 37, the mother of Mr. Kornwit (Surname), aged 17, who died from the fire of the pub Mountain B at 01.00 hrs. The past, by Mr. Pongsiri and Mrs. Anongnawai kneeling to bow to ask for forgiveness with the deceased mother. And the family of the deceased Along with apologizing for the incident Before talking and traveling back immediately Which is considered the first body that Mr. Pongsiri came out to ask for forgiveness. Today, Mr. Pongsiri was temporarily released. After the court ordered the court to bail in the cash of 300,000 baht and attached to the EM bracelet with conditions. Do not interfere with other evidence or cause disaster. And the accused reported to the 2nd and the 4th and 7th time. Tomorrow Both will travel to various temples. To pay respect to the dead and ask for forgiveness with the family of the deceased The chanting of the metaphysics in Sattahip District 8 people. After that, he will gradually travel to visit the injured at the hospital and return to recuperate at every home for the atmosphere. In the prayer of Phra Aphitham, Mr. Kornwit had Mr. Phanothon contemplating the Deputy Mayor of Sattahip. With members of Sattahip Municipality Presided over the prayer of the metaphysics With a family of the deceased and friends, brothers and sisters attending many metaphysics chanting, which is with grief The family is scheduled for the funeral of Mr. Kornwit on August 10, by Facebook page. Mountain B shop has posted a message that Tuesday 9 August 2025 at 10 : 30 hrs. Mountain B shop has prostrated to the monks. In the chanting of the Buddha Offering food and Sangkhathan In order to make merit and dedicate merit to the deceased in this shocking event Therefore invite everyone Join the merit making ceremony And mourn for the deceased in this event
Sia Bee with familyMaking merit for 15 people from the fire of the pubNot giving any interviews|This morning (9 Aug) at the courtyard in front of the Menthane Bee Pub, Village No. 7, Sukhumvit Road, Phluta Luang Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province. The shop staff group attended the merit making ceremony. In order to dedicate the charity to the deceased by inviting Phra Kru Kasemkitti Sophon Abbot of Samakkhi Banphot Temple Along with 9 monks to pray for the prosperity of the Buddha And offering food Thai Dharma Sangkhathan Including the table to invite the soul All 15 people died in order to receive merit, dedicated to charity. Inside the ceremony, there is Mr. Pichet Thammarat, Permanent Secretary of Sattahip District, Mr. Tor Saktrakul, Thongchai, Deputy Mayor of Sattahip. With officials participating Before inviting monks to sprinkle the holy water In the area of the incident, Mr Anucha Wongsrirat, the lawyer, said that after Sia B. was bailed On the same day, he traveled to meet relatives and attended the prayer ceremony of the deceased to give 50,000 baht in preliminary assistance, with some relatives satisfied. Some are not satisfied. However, the owner was still resting. Now there is a joint discussion about what to do as much as possible and thoroughly as possible. Because there are a lot of people who have to be healed if any victim is still fascinated Then consult the lawyer Council Which the shop has already coordinated In order for the lawyer Council to negotiate To create an agreement and understanding of each other Because if the first help until the money prepared It may not be the last one. It has been reported that after the monk's ceremony is complete. Sia B and his wife immediately rushed to return the van. To visit the patient at the hospital By not giving any interviews to reporters But was informed by the relatives that Will travel to the evening pub To give an interview to reporters about the incident
Detained wife, shooting, extinguished, making plansThe dead mother tried to kick the daughter -in -law.The police must not be busy.|At 12.00 hrs. On August 9, 2022, Pol. Col. Manatweet Thong Im, Director of Khu Khot Police Station, Pol.Col. Police officers, prevention and suppression And investigative sets both inside and outside the uniform Bringing a 40 -year -old girl, Bang Nam Chiao Subdistrict, Phrom Buri District, Sing Buri Province, the accused who used a firearm to shoot a 40 -year -old husband, pierced the body of 4 shots until death occurred. Within the four corners of the city market, there are nearly 100 people who have died. Beginning with the point where the culprit got out of the taxi After that, walk to the dead in front of the plastic shop. After the deceased finished offering food to monks Drew the gun out of the shoulder bag Before the cause of the incident fired at the deceased 2 shots before the deceased fell to the ground and repeatedly shot 2 shots before the deceased then used the gun to focus on his head, then the culprit went down to talk. With the deceased Before a good citizen took the firearm and arrested the cause of the steel pillar in front of the shop Throughout the confession plan, the police have to prevent those who are not involved. Not allowing to be punished later The accused prostrated to the mother of the deceased. In order to apologize to the cause of the incident In which the mother was in anger and regret Try to kick the feet Police officers then had to bring the accused to take the van back to investigate at Khu Khot police station immediately, the accused stated that I have to apologize to the deceased family too. I was very sorry. After the incident, he wanted to die with him. Pol. Col. Manatwee Thong -amp, Director of Khu Khot Police Station, revealed that after the plan to confess, the accused had been interrogated. The inquiry official has informed 4 charges, namely killing others, intentionally carrying firearms in the city. Public ways without permission, shooting guns in public without a reasonable cause And has a firearm in possession without permission Which tomorrow will bring the accused to be imprisoned to the Thanyaburi Provincial Court In order to prosecute legal
The female protagonist wearsOpen heart, the minute was "Pol." Pol.|The female protagonist is open -minded and tears. The knot was harassed by Pol. As well as announced the cut -off friends who have been in a relationship for 10 years. Suspected of seeing today (9 Aug), Mr. Sitra Khwang, or lawyer, secretary of the Foundation, the people's lawyer team, along with Ms. Jai Bua, the heroine. A 26 -year -old girl under the famous channel The press conference was open to being obscene by the police, with Miss Jai Bua revealed that the night of the incident on August 1, at approximately 23.00 hrs. He and 5 friends went to the birthday party at the pork pan shop. Nuanchan area Then will continue to eat at a restaurant But while traveling, a close friend who has been dating for 10 years, instead changed the plan to persuade him to go to socialize at a senior house in Khubon, then when he arrived at his friend's house, it was around 2 am, meeting the owner of the house and the police. Which has a greeting and drinking normally In which the said police officer sat opposite him During the seat, drinking the police didn't seem to be molest. Or tease in the manner of an affair, until about 4 am, feel sleepy, so I would like to go home But a close friend Which is the person who persuaded to come to this house Instead said to wait back together By allowing him to sit and wait at the sofa Before falling asleep Accept yourself, drink alcohol But confirmed that he was conscious, then at about 9 o'clock in the morning of August 2, he felt awake and found that the police were sleeping beside And using his hand to hold his chest, so he was shocked, then using his hand to shake off and rant a little Until the police who caused the incident hurriedly walked to sit at the dining table, which at the dining table would have the owner of the house and a close friend sitting Including another friend who came with him lying near With the said sofa He then greeted him to find his friend close to ask for help. But the male friend did not dare to help But let her send signs of shouting to want to go home Before returning after the incident occurred He didn't think he would report. Waiting for the cause of the incident to apologize to him. But referred to and did not show any responsibility, including his family, especially the father Which is a foreigner See that this matter cannot be quiet Because he was the victim Being a person They shouldn't blame themselves, should not be ashamed because the embarrassing person should be more caused by the crime. Therefore traveled to consult a lawyer Tum and reported the prosecution at Kannayao Police Station confirmed that he would prosecute to the end. Ms. Jai Bua also said that at first, after the incident, he had always been punished himself. Why did not decide to go home Why do you trust your friends too much? In which the people in the house were police Do not think that the police will cause the incident In which he suspects a close friend, may know about the actions of the said police officer After this, must end the relationship with this friend. Ready to tell and warn with other people That may be in the same situation as Regardless of who or gender, everyone has the right to preserve their own rights. And do not want to see that this is normal Ready to reveal the feeling now a little better. But after the incident had to see a psychiatrist, the lawyer Tum said that at this time he had reported the prosecution to the police officer, a police officer, a police officer on charges of indecent acts. Which the director of the Kannayao police station invited the person in the incident to testify But the group at the scene has not yet come to testify Both the close friend of Miss Jai Bua and the owner of the house only have friends lying next to Come to give only one word Currently, the police have issued a subpoena once, but if the police issued a subpoena 2 times and not yet testified. Will issue an arrest warrant. Currently, the Police Department 7 has set up a police discipline examination committee that caused the incident. After this, Miss Jai Bua to give a testimony.
The minute waiting for "Teacher Dan" weeping to pay respect to the mother's feet.I can't accept it.|The minute waiting for "Teacher Dan" weeping to pay respect to the mother's feet. I can't accept it. Police officers and social development staff and human security, Chiang Rai Province, went to receive Moriraphan or "Danny" or "Teacher Dan", 40 years old, Phu Phan District, Sakon Nakhon Province, the drama director. And martial art teachers for actors To proceed according to the process After the military unit, the 3rd Cavalry Regiment Pick up from the Myanmar authorities Tha Khi Lek Province Myanmar And brought himself to investigate the stability At the 3rd Cavalry Regiment Mengrai Maharaj Camp by Col. Sutsat Khet Srinilin, Commander in Chief of the Civil Service Commission 3, Pha Mueang Armed Forces As the chairman of the Thai-Myanmar border committee Local level (TBC) said that after being coordinated by TBC Myanmar has to go to pick up the teacher Dan in the morning. And brought to the unit So that the intelligence unit will have questions about the travel of Teacher Dan How to go And what is there? Is a security information checking Which initially knew that Tru Danity was traveling by himself By smuggling through natural channels Not arrested or kidnapped The clear details are currently under investigation, in which the case is related to drug trafficking or human trafficking or not. It's a matter of police and social development and human security. The military will only look at the stability. Before entering the Chiang Rai Provincial Police It was reported that the officers brought the teacher Dan. Traveled to Mueang Chiang Rai District Office to make a new ID card Due to all the original documents lost, then when he arrived, the officer brought Mr. Rammai or Teacher Dan to meet with Mrs. Kham Moriphan, who was waiting in the lounge. Which is considered the first meeting in the year since Teacher Dan disappeared As soon as Teacher Dan found Nang Kham bowed down, he bowed down to his feet and hugged her mother with joy. In which each person cried out with joy to have the opportunity to meet again After that, the officers brought the teacher Dan to investigate further in accordance with the legal procedures of the law, saying that he would like to thank all the elders in Thailand and Myanmar. As well as the Burma and the Myanmar authorities that have provided good protection and maintenance He had to pay respects very much. However, when asked about the well -being The officers are not allowed to disclose the information because they are still in the process of the officer on the side of Nang Kham. Said that he was happy that his son had returned Like death and reborn Because he had to be difficult for a year Which he would like to thank the police chief of Big Joker And all officers who have requested help If not, you do not know what to do. Because it is just a grass root But he helped her best Including all departments and media After completing the various processes, he will be able to go to thank the adults, starting with the police chief, Big Joker and various agencies. To be able to travel Including the sacred things that have worshiped many places, especially Luang Pu Chok Which predicted that the son was still alive. The future of Teacher Dan Had to ask the teacher Dan first because the mother could not go to determine But now and at that time are not the same Right now, it seems like death. Born. Good things. Think about it because we changed our lives. The experience taught us how it was. Now I come back, I want to have a good life, do good. Which in the past was already doing well The future does not know, but would like to continue to do good. However, Teacher Dan is currently in the process of being more controlled for further interrogation. From both the police and social development and human security, Chiang Rai province, both the issue of traveling to the influence area The route and the reason to travel To analyze which laws related to the laws If the investigation is completed, if the law is not found in any legal, it will allow Teacher Dan to return to the family. But it is reported that Teacher Dan may have traveled to meet the Big Joker to provide more information. And there may be a press conference about this matter again in Bangkok Hanakorn
Sadly .. My boyfriend told my life.The girl died in front of the bathroom.The fire of the pub "Mountain B"|At 14.20 hrs. On 9 Aug 65, the atmosphere in front of the Mountain Bee Pub has a family of a 28 -year -old woman in the deceased from a fire. Invited the monk Along with bringing the image of the dead, incense, traveling to light incense, inviting the dead soul Ready to return to the house. Mr. Mongkol, 29, the boyfriend of the deceased Said that he and his girlfriend Traveled 2-3 times before the incident and his girlfriend went to the bathroom By separating to go to the male and female bathroom Before he heard the bomb in front of the stage, then ran out to see Found a lot of smoke He didn't know whether his girlfriend had left the pub yet. Therefore rushed out to see the pub Before the fire exploded into the door, but when coming out Looking for a young girlfriend could not find it. Before finally finding that The girlfriend died in the fire. Outside the bathroom Expected that the girlfriend should rush out of the pub but not in time Therefore was sadly killed by fire
"Sia B" opens the heart after the fire "Mountain B". The picture is still stressed to the point of inviting suicide.|"Sia B" opens the heart after the fire "Mountain B". The picture is still stressed to the point of inviting suicide. Finally, consciously bailed out to raise money to help victims (9 Aug 65) at 15.30 hrs. Mr. Pongsiri Panprasong, 27 years old, with Mrs. Anongnatprasong, 30 years old, the wife of the shop "Mount NB "and Mr. Anucha Wongsrirat, the lawyer has set up a press conference in front of the scene of the incident to the media. Page of the incident In order to explain the incident and the way to help the injured and died from the incident, Mr Pongsiri or Sia B. said that at the time of the incident, he was resting in the office. Until hearing the explosion from the shop Therefore ran to see when he learned that it was a fire, he tried to help all the victims did not escape anywhere Until the fire was calm Which, from seeing the images of the injured, still persist and remember never forgetting It also felt very shocked and sad about what happened. Even persuaded his wife to commit suicide together, but later controlled his mind After that, he traveled to Pluta Luang police station and was detained there. Until the arrest warrant from the court was taken down Until yesterday, the officers were brought to the court. The lawyer therefore requested bail out in the amount of 300,000 baht and attached to the EM bracelet. At the left leg When he came out, he tried to use the money to help the dead. As well as trying to find money to take responsibility and heal the injured and other deaths Which confirms that it will do the best The part that helped was only a preliminary assistance, and Mrs. Anongnat said that during the incident, still sitting and working in checking food in the outside room around 01.00 hrs. Then saw the fire in the shop on the roof Before running to see when the fire was burning and violently shouted to everyone to escape. And have the staff help bring the customers out The shop's card shouted out to come outside because of the explosion. Therefore ran into the office first and told her husband before notifying the fire and the rescue team to help At that time he saw the injured people running out of the clip with a fire. The blanket covers and resting. When the power goes out, it runs out according to the rescue team, called to help the injured. Admitted that he was almost unable to control the mind that the back door was locked This matter is not known whether the lock or not. But confirmed that he had never ordered the door lock in any way Assigned the card to take care of and hold the keys Which will be closed only when the shop is closed But the day of the incident lock or not? Because the card that holds the key is seriously injured, still maintains As for the lock, because the customer hid out, this would not Because the shop already has cash And confirmed that he had never ordered the lock because he knew that it was a fire escape While the other side of the door The bathroom area also has a fire door that is informed that it is a fire escape door, never locked. Because the goods were sent inside all the time Additional tears that the events that occurred were very moved. Until Mr. Pongsiri The husband came to say that he could not bear to accept this condition. And invited each other to commit suicide Because he didn't think that this violent event would occur And the shop can only open for 2 months And in the past, came to supervise and check the system every day, including lighting, sound and safety systems There are 8 cards at the point of completeness in order to provide assistance when events occur. Before the incident, there was a lamp inside the shop falling to the customer. Therefore informed the staff to take him to the doctor and the shop pays the medical expenses Next, inform the technician to come to inspect and repair until completed. For the damage that occurs, we will try to heal everyone. Which has consulted the personal lawyer and relatives about how to proceed Which initially confirmed that he would heal However, I apologize for what happened. Admitted that from now on, the restaurant will open the front of the restaurant as before. Mountain Bee would be permanently closed. As for the opening of the store in front, because of the pity of more than 60 employees that have to be unemployed, therefore would like to help. Mr. Anucha Wongsrirat, lawyer At this time, I tried to help and heal the deceased and all injured. But personally, afraid that it may not be thorough because there are many victims Therefore would like to invorate those who have legal knowledge to help in the negotiation and mediate in order to be fair to the victims. In this regard, the initial report passed by the Pattaya Provincial Court. In order to receive complaints from the victims and collect and negotiate to find a solution together
Customers are shocked to sit and eat pork pan.The young man held a knife to invade the shop and chase the teeth.Run away from the rain (clip)|Dozens of customers are shocked. Sitting and eating pork pan all the time The young man held a knife to invade the shop and chase the teeth. Run away from the rain at 14.00 hrs. (9 Aug 65) Police Colonel Pawat Watthasuphaphat, Deputy Director of the Bang Yi Khan Police Station Bringing the investigation officers and the prevention department to suppress Bang Yi Khan Police Station to arrest Mr. Chayanon (Sanguan surname), 24 years old after the incident, using a swamp weapon at the pan shop. Arun Amarin 36 arrested at the house near the scene of the Bang Yi Khan area, Juthalak, 25 years old, the shop owner revealed that the incident occurred at 19.30 hrs. (8 Aug), the crime Come inside the shop In the meantime, a staff member walked in to receive the order at the customer and the incident asked the staff that "Are you looking at my face?" The staff said "I didn't look ... I work. "Then the staff did not respond and spoke to the cause of the crime down to go home but refused to return. And sat down to sit at the customer's table while telling the customer that "You bring water to wash my feet." The staff then used the chair. Chase the cause of the shop, which causes dissatisfaction. Instead, throw the chair at his customers as well. Later, the offender returned to get 2 knives and used a knife to point out the customer's face. By challenging that you will take it? The staff saw bad postures, afraid that customers would be dangerous. Therefore took the baseball wood that was collected in the shop to chase the culprit During the incident, there were many customers. Causing the customer to run away from the shop and was chased by the cause of the car But no one was injured Then immediately called the police. As a result, there was a house nearby. With the shop often meet each other but never talk and see that the motorcycle uses riding back and forth regularly Until later learned that the drug users had previously used the drug and the relatives of the culprit had persuaded him to enter the house before following the police. Bang Yi Khan Police Station came to arrest to the police station in the past 4 am. The shop's CCTV can clearly record during the incident, while Pol. That the accused had to take medication to treat the nervous system and drugs, causing preliminary hallucinations, the officers therefore reported the allegations Drugs, causing property, carrying weapons, knives, intimidating others, scared Before being sent to the investigation officer of Bang Yi Khan Police Station to proceed with the legal proceedings
Open mind "Teacher Dan" tells the life of the prisoner at Wow Daeng.Leaned to be deceived to jailStuffed the drug|Open mind "Teacher Dan" tells the life of the prisoner at Wow Daeng. Leaned to be deceived to jail Stuffed the drug Despite not being involved at the Chiang Rai Provincial Police Division Police officers and social security officers in Chiang Rai province have received Mr. Ram Moriphan or "Danny" or "Teacher Dan", 40 years old, Phu Phan District, Sakon Nakhon Province, the drama director and Martial art teachers for actors To proceed according to the process After the military unit, the 3rd Cavalry Regiment Pick up from the Myanmar authorities Tha Khi Lek Province Myanmar And brought himself to investigate the stability At the 3rd Cavalry Regiment Mengrai Maharaj Camp, after the officer interrogated for a while, Teacher Dan gave an interview to open his heart to the incident. In which Teacher Dan said First of all, he would like to thank the adults on both Thai side. Myanmar and the administrative region of Wao That provides help and fairness to oneself As well as helping to coordinate and take care of themselves until bringing back to Thailand safely During which he was still in Myanmar and the administrative region of Wa was well taken care of With the purchase of new clothes and mattresses for him As for eating and taking good care of everything, Teacher Dan Said about traveling to Myanmar that he traveled from Khon Kaen Airport to Don Mueang Airport, Bangkok and then traveled to Mae Fah Luang Airport, Chiang Rai District, Chiang Rai, Chiang Rai Province, before someone went to pick up at the airport. After that, take it to Pha Hi Village, Pong Ngam Subdistrict, Mae Sai District, then a motorcycle driver went to pick up and then sitting at the end of the coffee plantation to the shore. Takilek Province Myanmar, as he was deceived to be imprisoned in the administrative region of Wa, has a process located on the Thai side. With a friend who knew him, suggesting him to travel to Takilek Province To travel and when arriving Takilek Province And got to know the person named Chai Which was taken to eat as usual But when he would like to travel back to not travel back Nonetheless, they live their lives as well as brothers and sisters. However, he relies on his trust and immediately slaughtered himself until he could not withdraw and realized again, then was sent to the administrative region of Wow. Testified to the officers. Teacher Dan said that during the administrative region of Wa is considered his prisoner, which he left to earn a living with 3 meals, but food, we made each other. And where he survived because he had received mercy from the people in the administrative region of Wa, who saw that he was deceived there. Therefore has been shared and helping other areas From the people and people who were imprisoned as well. Teacher Dan also confirmed that the evidence from both the Myanmar side and the Thai officials should check the history that they are not related to drugs in any way. He therefore asked the evidence to be confirmed. In which he had already told Thai officials that he was tricked into being imprisoned If you still don't believe it, take the person who deceived himself and to sit and ask. And if he lied, he would like to say the truth that you can shoot However, he told him since he was in the area that he was tricked into that, even though he had never interfered with drugs. Since birth, never had a relationship with a friend involved in drugs before. Teacher Dan said at the end that the charges of drugs that made him receive while in the administrative region of that day. Caused by his stuffing By deceived him to replace the person who has to this case already Supervisor Then used as an excuse to take him to the administrative region In the first period, charged him to escape into the city But later added as a drug charge In the administrative region of that drug, if there are drug users, they will be imprisoned for 3 years, some 6 years, depending on the intention of eating and the origin of the case. Therefore, those who do that, they believe that they do which karma will certainly be given. Which is the duty of legal officials in Thailand "He would not have passed the fate. He does this, the mind is not a person anymore. Bring people to torture both the body and mind. Do it with my mother Both intimidating people who are old, my mother My mother is a good person in morality. He is still doing with his mother. He will receive his own karma, "Teacher Dan finally said.
Collecting the temple!Former Bank shaving the head of ordinationEscape the case of fraud of the customer's deposit of 3 million baht|Not survived! Former Bank shaving the head of ordination Escape the fraud case of 3 million baht for the bank, police in Sakon Nakhon Province, Police Division 5, Crime Suppression Division Economic crime or Por. (Surname), 42 years old, the people of Rayong province, the accused under the Rayong Provincial Court in 2015, 3 arrest warrants for theft, employer, fake and use the fake documents and fraud of others, in which all 3 arrests have committed an offense. Different agenda The first time in February, later, June and the 3rd month of Dec. before being arrested at a Pa Pa Temple in Dong Mafai Subdistrict, Mueang Sakon Nakhon District Sakon Nakhon province, due to the 2014, the accused at that time worked as an employee of a bank. Customer service position and take care of customers with deposits Which some banks customers have deposited into bank accounts several times Sometimes the accused went to serve the customer at home, making this accused familiar with the customers until they trust, with many customers depositing money with a bank account with the accused. In order to bring money into the account of the bank customers By not going to do transactions at the bank by themselves But signed in the deposit certificate, sometimes the accused deposited into the customer's bank account that does not meet the amount that the customer deposits But instead took the money to use by yourself By fake the list in the customer's bank account that the total deposit amount and gives the bank account to the customer Sometimes fake the signature of the customer withdraws money from the customer's bank account. Later, when customers contact the bank to do transactions Therefore know that the money in the bank account is missing The bank therefore has an inspection found the said abnormalities. Therefore called the suspect to inquire about the facts that occurred, but the accused was alert before fleeing The bank therefore reported a complaint to the police officers. 5, Por. Por. Which the damage value that the bank received 3 million baht. Later, Por. Investigation. Fled to the area of Sakon Nakhon province By ordaining as a nun Wearing white Concealed himself, Col. Padon Chandon, Director of the 5th, then arrested Ms. Thitikh While wearing white, the news was in the basic temple area. Refusing throughout the allegations Therefore brought this accused Send the investigation officer of Kor Kor Kor. 5, Por. Por. To proceed with the law.
The Ministry of Education explained the sedan, overturned, leaving the body in the car.Repeatedly inspected the sceneBut really didn't find it|Highway police issued a statement explaining Sorry, the sedan overturned, leaving the body in the car. Repeatedly inspected the scene But really did not find the Highway Police Division Explanation in the event of an accident accident, sedan, overturned In the middle of the motor road 7 inbound side of Pattaya in Km. 105+700 on 9 Aug 65 and coordinated the carcass of the car wreck. Confirmed that after the incident, the officer reached the scene at 07.54 hrs. Jointly inspected the incident in detail, with all police officers and rescue officials confirmed that no injuries were found. The injured or the driver sent to the hospital. Therefore moved the car to keep In order to prove the cause of the accident. After that, the inquiry official traveled to a nearby hospital at the scene of the incident. But could not find the driver Therefore searched for information to contact the driver by telephone, but still unable to contact, so went to check the documents inside the car Found that the deaths were stuck at the area under the steering wheel, so the doctor informed the autopsy to find the cause of death and was in the process of collecting evidence to proceed with the legal procedures for the said event. Highway Police Division I would like to express my condolences to the incident. And would like to express my condolences to the family of the deceased very much and will investigate the facts in detail in order to prevent and solve this event anymore. Ready to confirm that Highway Police Division Determined to perform duties by considering the safety of life and property of the people.
Chase the thrill of the crazy girl driving the police car.Mother came to stop, still can't take it.|The girl is crazy. Drive a mini cooper out of the pump. Before colliding with the patrol car Found bipolar Are driving back to Bangkok but forgot to take medicine. Reporters reported that yesterday (9 Aug) at approximately 21.55 hrs. Mr. Sarawut Chotawan, Ruamkanyuyu Phutoey, Phutoey Subdistrict, Wichian Buri District, Phetchabun Province, was informed by the notification center from Wichian Buri Hospital that a sedan driver was not controlled. One gas station, Ban Yang Do, Village No. 7, Sra Dua Subdistrict Wichian Buri District, Phetchabun Province, then quickly traveled to inspect the scene when arriving to see a white mini -kuper vehicle, registration number 811 Bangkok There was a female driver driving alone. With paranoia, confusing After that, he negotiated to mediate but was not effective. Therefore contacted relatives to come to pick up But it appears that when the mother and relatives came to the woman, the more rampage and accelerated the engine threatening to crash. Everyone then retreated from the female car, so he quickly accelerated the engine away, heading on the road number 21, Saraburi-Lom Sak, heading to Bangkok, so he drove away in a distance. Until near the red light intersection in front of Sri Thep Police Station, therefore requesting to support the police officers at Sri Thep Police Station, set up the extraction point. After that, the police and rescuers at Si Thep Hospital Therefore helped each other to negotiate, but still not effective And at the same time, the young woman accelerated the engine loudly and then crashed into the Sri Thep police station until it was damaged. Then use another police car. End the car at the end of the car In order to prevent the said car from driving away to cause trouble or an accident when negotiations are not effective. The police officer of Sri Thep police station therefore planned to attack quickly to send treatment before the unexpected ending. By releasing rubber air And smash the car glass Ready to charge the woman successfully without any injury. After that, the rescue vehicle at Srithep Hospital Therefore brought the young woman to Srithep Hospital for the initial cause Caused by congenital disease Sick, psychiatry, bipolar, which is not sure whether the woman drove from the house at Wang Phikun Subdistrict, Bueng Sam Phan District or not. But what I know is that the mother traveled from Wang Phikun Subdistrict, Bueng Sam Phan District, Phetchabun Province. Later, the reporter traveled to the gas station. The point where the woman went to park the car and fill the car in the amount of 200 baht, while Ms M (the fictional name), the pump staff in the incident, said that the woman drove into the pump. And asked where he was Which way to the hospital? With a exhaustion Speak and chop back and forth And follow the ambulance After that, moved the car to fill the car's fuel. 200 baht After that, I parked the camera angle for a while. The foundation arrived. After that, the Foundation Then called the relative to pick up At that time, the woman was paranoid. Like afraid that he would hurt something like that When the mother arrived All the time, telling mom not to mess Mother then drove in But the said woman drove back and forth very scary. Everyone who is there, including the Foundation Have to run out There was a moment when the mother took her hand to hold the car glass. Until the mother himself almost fell as well Reporters received reports from The staff of the King Foundation 16, Sri Thep, said that the woman was delivered to Siriraj Hospital. Initially, knowing from the relatives that Normally, the woman lived in Bangkok. Last night, drove from the house at Wang Phikun Subdistrict in order to return to Bangkok, but forgot to take the medicine.
Collected and the security guards threatened. "Nong Minton", a famous net idol for years, searching for a mobile phone|Collected the security guards. "Minton Dongong", a young internet idol for a year, searching for a mobile phone-a lot of children about children from the case of July 26th. Miss Mintra Chuemwang Kham or Minton Dong Net Idol, a young female idol, traveled to report to the investigation officer of the Central Investigation Police Headquarters. After being anonymous young man Claiming to be a security officer Threatening on social media Including editing porn pictures Fake marriage certificate The invasion is waiting for various shows. And also had to chat with the latest sleep today (11 Aug) at the Crime Suppression Division, Maj. Gen. Jirapop Phurdej, Commander of the Central Investigation (Commander in Chief), announced the results arrest After on August 10, the police officers in the investigation of the Royal Thai Police were able to follow up and arrest Mr. Nanthawat (reserved surname), aged 25 years from the room in Pracharat Road, Sai 1, Bang Sue by This arrest Police officers arrested Also found that the mobile phone of the accused There is also evidence of the victim, including the images and video clips. Thickness about children was recorded in the mobile phone of the accused as well. The accused confessed that he was the recorded and captured the child's pornographic images on the phone. The part that has been threatened in Minon Confessed that Have liked and followed for more than 2 years. From now on, the police will investigate sexual threats through social media of the accused who have done to the victims. Which will be sent to the mobile phone to prove thoroughly by experts Along with bringing the evidence collected from Pu's house, must find Both the wedding registration before and after forgery Pictures of various victims In order to bring evidence to accompany the investigation and legal proceedings with additional accused Officials have reported charges of possession of child pornography for sexual or other people while Police Colonel Siriwat Dee Poom, Deputy Commander The Crime Suppression Division on Technology Crime states that for this case, the Por. Por. Warning that those who are thinking of making mistakes, do not think that just a few hundred fines, but in the facts, the offense of online threats There is a high penalty to imprisonment for no more than five years, a fine of not more than 100,000 baht, different karma, different agenda. The more you do, the more or often will increase according to the number of offenses. Therefore would like to warn those who think to do or in the process of asking to stop the said act. Ms. Mintra, who came to thank the police, said that before this, during the threat of cold, afraid of not daring to travel Go to work alone Because often when traveling to work, people will say that the man came to insults and waiting at various points As well as having previously said that he would go to her sister at school But for the younger sister, there is a way to go to pick up every day, but today, when the police are able to arrest him, it is more comfortable. Leave to all women. If done like this, do not be afraid and ask to rise up by reporting the prosecution in order to allow the police to follow and arrest the criminal to prosecute, such as the case before giving flowers. Thank you to the police, the police officer. In the middle, also singing his own "Meow Hong" who created a reputation until it was known to the media in a good mood. Ready to follow and see more than 16 million views at this time as well.
The daughter revealed later that the father was left in the car for 12 hours. Still do not believe that the father died at the scene.|On August 11, 2022, relatives who died in the car From an accident on the motorway Contact the body at the National Forensic Science Institute. Police Hospital In order to perform religious ceremonies to a domicile in Map Ta Phut Subdistrict, Muang District, Rayong Province. The daughter revealed that while he was informed that his father died in the car after being moved to the storage of the highway police after the incident. For more than 12 hours at that time was not fascinated. Because the police look at the CCTV And informed that at the time of the incident, there were no parties It was a car driving in the accident by himself, but after knowing that there was a rescue to investigate the incident for more than 15 minutes, but did not find the body wondering that his father died at the scene. Or died while the car was moved to the police station Without the exact examination first After this, will proceed with all those involved. But not yet clearly indicating that any person involved while the lawyer Ronnarong Kaewphet, the president of the campaign to return the social justice Traveled to forensic and talked to the deceased relatives Before revealing that Today will take the victim to report at the Crime Suppression Division. To condone with the highway police And rescue that helps In a negligence causes others to die As for other charges Must check the details again. In terms of the autopsy results, there is a hemorrhage in the hole in the heart because the heart terminal is torn. Broken ribs and ribs The daughter therefore saw that it should not make his father die immediately. Which has to wait for the official results again in 45 days
Netizens hijack#Caucasians, parrot fish, posted on Tiktok, mocking the law|Twitter users call for a foreigner to catch a parrot fish in a sea in Thailand. Until causing the hashtag #Foreigners catch parrot fish Up one hashtag that is most popular on the website on Thursday evening (11 Aug). The foreigner posted a clip via the Tiktok application ( Tick) is a clip while he is on the boat and holding the Morray Eel on the right hand. The left hand holds a number of parrot fish. In which netizens noted that Intend to catch these fish especially or not Because it was not just one arrest. Twitter website users also observed that Is the boatman who brought this man to catch the fish to inform this man first? At the same time, there are many opinions that Even if the boatman didn't say Foreigners should also find information about whether any kind of aquatic animals can be caught. And the tourist area is allowed to catch aquatic animals or not. Many comments call on the relevant officials to proceed with this man according to the law. Some internet users think that Aquaculture, especially fish, parrots may destroy the ecosystem under the sea. Because this fish is important for coral conservation, although parrot fish, not animals, reserves or protected animals. But the arrest of aquatic animals in the National Park violates the Act (Act), National Park, 1961, Section 16 (3) that prohibits any person to remove the animals from the park or attacking animals at 6:00 pm on Thursday (11 Aug) found that the foreign man has deleted this clip from the tick.
The Department of National Parks accelerated to follow #Caucasian parrot fishRevealed the name of the Lam Kor boat.|Mr. Ratchada Suriyakul Na Ayutthaya, Director-General of the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation, revealed on Thursday (11 Aug) that is currently following a foreign man who captures parrot fish in the Park of Chinnaphat Thara-Moo. Phi Phi Island Came to proceed with the law, then this happened after the said man posted a clip to catch eel and parrot fish Which is an animal that is important to underwater ecosystems Into the Tiktok application (tick) in the said national park Which makes the internet user until the hashtag #foreigner catching parrot fish Was talked about a lot on Thursday evening (11 Aug), Director -General of the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation. Know the boat that brought this man to fishing and named "Avarin". Fishing in the national park is guilty under the National Park Act 2019.
Single robber pendant at Ban Pong Gold Shop, 26 baht to escape.|Police Colonel Piyaphong Wongtakjai, Director of Ban Pong Police Station Was notified of the incident on Thursday (11 Aug) at 18.40 hrs. That there was a single attacker, Ching Sub, a gold shop in Big C Department Store, Ban Pong Branch, Ban Pong District, Ratchaburi Province, then brought the police officers Proof police officer Investigate the scene Found a gold shop located in the area of Big C Department Store. Name of Petch Thong Aurora There are 4 employees in the shop being afraid of the police officers, the probation officer, and the probation officer inspected the hidden finger shop and trace the image from the closed circuit box. Inside the shop and the area where the incident was collected as evidence from the CCTV that recorded the events that the criminal had caused at around 18.44 hrs. Black pants, wearing blue gloves Wearing a black hat Wear black pants And carry a brown bag Invited to rest the staff of the shop in the shop until it fell before attacking, sweeping the gold necklace worth 2 baht, then quickly ran out of the outside quickly. It takes about 1 minute from the inquiry. The gold shop staff said that at that time they were standing as usual. And at that time, people would be less With a height of 160 centimeters tall as in the CCTV Walked close to the staff at the entrance to the side of the shop, then opened the shirt showing the gun at the waist Causing them to be terrified and shocked by the incident Before being pushed by the criminal and fell together After that, the criminal came to sweep the gold hung in a tray in a bag that was carrying and quickly leapt and ran away. Yes, the time of the incident for 1 minute, then came to inspect the missing gold. Is a 2 baht gold necklace, a total of 13 lines, totaling 26 baht, worth 759,538 baht. According to the inquiry, Mr. Sila Worapakdee, 47 years old, 1 in the event, said that he was standing to sell the goods to the customers in front of the said gold shop. There are not many people in this period. Little pedestrians The rhythm of the incident turned to see the criminal sweeping the gold and rushed out of the store to the side door. Yes, the time of the incident is very short for about 1 minute, but luckily, no one was injured or died. The director of Ban Pong Police Station, along with the Big C manager, Ban Pong branch, walked to inspect the floats of the criminals who came in. The reason is that the criminal uses a white Honda Wave motorcycle with a license plate but does not know the alphabet category to park at the side of the exit door on the side of the building on the right side. After that, the criminal walked into the entrance 1 before walking straight into the gold shop and caused the said incident. Before rushing to escape through the exit door beside the point where the criminal parked before rushing to drive a white Honda Wave motorcycle that came to escape. Initially, the police were collecting evidence by Around and witnesses who saw the event As well as accelerating the trace of the CCTV In order to speed up the criminals to proceed with the legal proceedings
Army arguing with womenCarrying AK gunIn front of the pub, Yala, 2 bodies|Army arguing with women in the pub Came out to pick up the Aka gun in the car and wait Before shooting in front of the pub, Yala, 2 bodies in the middle of the night on August 11, 2022. In front of the entertainment institute, NASA in the heart of Yala There were 3 injured at the scene, Miss Sumalee, 38, was stabbed at the right waist with a wound, died in the emergency room. The 2nd Yala Center Hospital, Mr. Sukorn, 31, was shot under the left milk. The top left arm is deformed. Died during the 3rd hospital. Mr. Surasak, 41 years old, was shot in the back of the right shoulder. Brought to Yala Hospital, Mr. Sompong NASA Discovery Safety Officer told the incident that While the pub is about to close There was a man being hit by a bottle inside the pub. He walked outside. In addition, the other two men followed. Seen on the mobile phone, alcohol, so it was forbidden. But that man flicked it out Another person walked to the car. The other person walked out the other way. And then a woman followed Then asked the man who was walking to the car "Why do you hit him?" After that, the man put the gun on the roof of the car. And then shot at the woman. Once he heard the sound of the gun, every rush to escape to survive. And then there was a shot in each match before being silent for a while. After that, it was the sound of a bullet as a servant. The cause of the crime is a volunteer of the hunter, driving a silver bronze sedan. Escape to Phoom Life Road Therefore accelerated the arrest Until able to arrest Within Soi Talad Muang Mai 1, know the name of Mr. Hassachai Chan, 25 years old, in a drunkenness Exam in sedan That the culprit used to escape Found 1 AK-47 AK-47 war firearm in the front seats, the driver and the .38 short pistols after the driver then detained Muang Yala Police Station. According to the investigation, Mr. Hassachai Chan confessed that he went to the NASA entertainment venue. And there is a story with a group of women who died Once the pub is about to close So he went out to take the AK gun in the car and then trapped and waited for a woman who quarreled in front of the pub. Once he came out, he used a gun to shoot over 10 shots now. Officials are in the process of inspecting the location thoroughly. To collect evidence Prosecuting the culprit further
The police tried to fire.Sound liner insulationProve the cause of fire, pub, Mountain B.|The police set fire to the sound of the foam. Prove the cause of fire, pub, Mountain Bee, found that if there is a fire The foam was able to ignite until the case of the fire of the Pub Mount Ten Bee, Pluta Luang Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, on 5 August, resulting in a total of 17 people and There are many injured as the news has been presented. In the area of the incident, Pol.Col. Come to collect additional evidence By collecting foams that absorb the sound on the roof Which found that if there is a fire The foam was able to ignite until drops. But will not get stuck by yourself In which officials have collected additional evidence at the scene While also inviting all the relevant persons to interrogate many more mouths in the owner of the pub, Mr. Pongsiri Panprasong or Sia B., 27 years old. After bail and press conference with reporters, traveled with the shop to attend the funeral and gave the preliminary remedy to the injured and died of money. The shop will quickly gradually heal until all.
Donations help Kim, Vietnam, victims, fire, pubs through 200,000, but not enough to pay the hospital debt.|Donations help Nong Kim, Vietnamese, victims, fire, pubs through two hundred thousand from both Vietnamese and Thai people. But not enough to pay the hospital debt that is attached to more than 600,000 cases. Mountain B (Mountain B) new entertainment venue is located at the mouth of Soi Sukhumvit 99. (Soi Khao Ta Mon), Sukhumvit Road (Bang Na-Trat), Village No. 7, Pluta Luang Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, in the middle of the night, 5 August At this time, 7 days have passed. There are reports from Chon Buri Public Health on Aug. 12. With 17 deaths by death at the scene of 13 people There were 42 injured, 4 of the hospitals died at the hospital, which now the injured can go home in the amount of 10 people. And still maintaining 28 hospitals, which has a severe symptoms, must put 11 respiratory pipes, with 1 Queen Sirikit Hospital 4 Chon Buri Hospital (3 respiratory pipes), Somdej Hospital at Sriracha 2 (1 respiratory pipe), 1 Laem Chabang Hospital, Burapha Hospital, 1 person, Rayong Hospital, Ban Chang Hospital 1 1 person (1 respiratory pipe) 1 Phra Mongkut Hospital (1 respiratory pipe) 3 Phra Pinklao Hospital (1 respiratory pipe) 3 Nopparat Hospital (Put 1 respiratory pipe) 2 Lertsin Hospital (1 respiratory pipe) 1 Charoen Krung Hospital Samitivej Srinakarin 1, Hospital Chula 1 (1 respiratory pipe), Bhumibol Hospital, 1 person and Thammasat Hospital in honor of 2 cases. (1 respiratory pipe). As for Miss Ding Kim Lee, 25 years old or Kim Vietnamese girl One of the injured, severe symptoms That requests to move out of Bangkok-Pattaya Hospital Because he couldn't fight the medical expenses And went to treat at Somdet Sriracha Hospital. Most recently, Kim is closely under the care of the doctor. By still sleeping in a disease -free room and abstaining from relatives to visit But can look through the glass room, which Kim feels good but unable to move, still open their eyes and try to send a hand signal to the person who visits the younger sister of Kim, is currently at Vietnam In which she brought the story of her sister Posted via social media Until the famous star in Vietnam and accepting donations to the sister's life Now there are 46 million donations. Calculated in Thai money 70,000 baht. Ms. Apinya, 28 years old, Kim's senior friend, revealed that after posting into the social world Now there is a donation. 130,000 baht, which will be collected to pay the medical expenses that are still stuck at Bangkok-Pattaya Hospital.
Mourning, my sister, 17, victim, fire, pub, Mountain BDied in addition to the 18th case|Mourning, my sister, 17, victim, fire, pub, Mountain B The death of the 18th, and there are still dozens of people in the case of shocking. Mountain B (Mountain B) new entertainment venue is located at the mouth of Soi Sukhumvit 99. (Soi Khao Ta Mon), Sukhumvit Road (Bang Na-Trat), Village No. 7, Pluta Luang Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, in the middle of the night, 5 August Report from Chon Buri Public Health, Daily 12 Aug With 17 deaths by death at the scene of 13 people There are 42 injuries. Died after 4 hospitals, which now the injured can go home in the amount of 10 people and still maintain at the hospital, which has a severe symptoms, must put 11 respiratory pipes by treatment at Queen Sirikit Hospital 1 4 Chon Buri Hospital (3 respiratory pipes), Somdej Hospital at Sriracha 2 (1 respiratory pipe), 1 Laem Chabang Hospital, Burapha Hospital, 1 person, Rayong Hospital, Ban Chang Hospital 1 1 person (1 respiratory pipe) 1 Phra Mongkut Hospital (1 respiratory pipe) 3 Phra Pinklao Hospital (1 respiratory pipe) 3 Nopparat Hospital (Put 1 respiratory pipe) 2 Lertsin Hospital (1 respiratory pipe) 1 Charoen Krung Hospital Samitivej Srinakarin 1, Hospital Chula 1 (1 respiratory pipe), Bhumibol Hospital, 1 person and Thammasat Hospital in honor of 2 cases. (1 respiratory pipe). Recently, Ms. Siriwan or Nong My age 17, died peacefully at 21.14 hrs. On 12 August 65 at Thammasat Hospital, Chaloem Phrakiat, Pathum Thani Province, considered as the person. The 18th unfortunate that died from the fire of the pub, Mountain B, initially, the relatives prepared to bring the body of religious ceremonies on Saturday 13 Aug 65 at Rung Rung Sunthorn Km. Queen Sirikit Hospital Naval Medical Department, Sattahip District, came to treat at Thammasat Hospital in honor From the 2nd day after the day of the incident, which you must be in a sterile room Use a respirator all the time Until being cut right Due to the infection in the bloodstream, low pressure, the doctor tries to give medication, pressure But his body does not have a state of response There is also a lung flooding. Before he died
The sad family received the body of my brother, the victim of the 18th pub, revealing the cost of nearly half a million.|The family receives the body of the younger brother, the victim of the pub, the 18th pub. Revealing the cost of more than 400,000 baht (13 Aug 65) at 14.24 hrs. At the funeral room, Thammasat Hospital, Chaloem Phrakiat Hospital, Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, Mrs. Malisa, 45 years old. 27 years old, the older sister of Ms. Siriwan or Nong My Death, the 18th, from the fire, entertainment, Mountain, Chon Buri, came to contact the body to return to religious merit. Miss Swas, 27 years old, the older sister revealed that my brother was moved from Queen Sirikit Hospital Naval Medical Department, Sattahip District, to come to treat at Thammasat Hospital, Chaloem Phrakiat From the 2nd day after the incident Because it is ready in all aspects Both medical tools And sterile rooms Throughout the treatment of my younger brother Must use a respirator all the time until the latest, my sister has been cut, the right leg has a blood infection in the bloodstream because the body burned all the low pressure. But the body does not have a condition to respond to medication There is also a lung flooding. Before he died peacefully, S. S. Swas said that on the day of the incident, my group Going to travel a total of 3 people, died at the scene of the incident, Miss Phromphon or Nong Mei, 18 years old, and my brother was seriously injured and 1 friend, 18 years old, escaped. After the autopsy was completed Will bring the younger body back to perform merit at Wat Rung Sunthorn Km 5, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province for 3 days Until now, the relatives still want to allow the shop owner to come out to help with the cost of treatment. Because now the medical expenses from the beginning to death Have to pay more than 400,000 baht, which the sister has some with some and from the open donation And also have to find and borrow from relatives, acquaintances, to be able to receive the body to perform religious merit -making, 45 years old. Her daughter is a person who helps to ease the burden on the family. By going to work as a waitress at various restaurants To bring money to spend in the family Also used to help mom when the mother went to work On the day of the incident, he went to travel with friends. Until he came to know the matter after the incident Latest Facebook Peemai Sawarot of the deceased sister Has notified the closing of the donation because he died
Hunting "Moss Khlong Kwang" shooting at the house of 16 friends|Hunt "Aum Sops Khlong Kwang" shooting at a friend's house, 16 shots, a young man attached to the church, seriously hurt. Midnight, 14 August, Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran Nuanma, the director of the Royal Thai Police, received a report of the events of the educational group of teenagers using firearms to shoot together until there were serious injuries in the pine area. . Nong Yang Phlu Police Station Was informed of the quarrel with a firearm to shoot, there were injured in the house for rent in Petchkasem Road, Soi 106, Nong Hong Phlu Subdistrict, Nong Khaem District, Bangkok. The sheets of the house on both floors have ammunition and the same size bullet piece buried along the walls, ceilings and many appliances. The scene of the incident was seriously injured. Wichai Vej, previously known as Mr Thanaphon or Book, aged 28, a secondhand car merchant. The best friend of the house Was shot with a 9 mm ammunition into the head, 1 back, 1 match, 1 right foot, a total of 3 matches. The preliminary symptoms were the same, because he was now sleeping in the ICU from the investigation. Miss Wanwisa or Gus, 30 years old, the owner of the house rented the said, said that during the incident, Mr Thanapol, the injured, traveled to him and her husband. Which operates a secondhand car trading business together Close until sticking to the cow In the same cluster In which the house had her 7 -year -old Milin's daughter living Until around 22.00 hrs. The gunman, who had previously known was Mr. Min or "Moss Khlong Kwang", 25 years old, traveled to the front of the house. Before pulling the firearm into his house The noise of the liver burns a total of 16 matches before getting in the car. The motorcycle officer fled with a male friend, unknown 1 person. Ms. Wanwisa also testified that the reason is probably due to the fact that all they were trying to distance themselves away. Association Due to violent behavior And like to chew the Roi Hiban 542 or the sky all the time until often hallucinations In addition, before this, there were many conflicts with them, such as Mr. Min refused to pay the medical expenses at your dog. Bite her juniors Enter the face Until having to pay about the treatment himself around 7,000 - 8,000 baht. Which was bought from them for about 20,000 baht, causing the ownership to not be able to possess each other, and the matter that Mr Min Pia shared the amount of 10,000 baht because he was cut off a face recently Therefore causing anger to make Mr. Min post a curse and challenge them on Facebook. "Even the events that Mr Min would be the most angry. Until having to attack and shot the people in his house, which is the case that the former girlfriend of Mr Thanapol, the injured Broken And nowadays, Mr. Min has greeted the message to Mr. Thanaphon after knowing that Mr Thanaphon was ill with the chopids, causing Mr. Min to suspend his consciousness, bring his friend to use a firearm to shoot at In front of his house, many matches caused Mr Thanaphon, who was separating because he had to treat the disease. Seriously injured at this time, the symptoms were equal. The doctor told the relatives to do it. Importantly, during the incident, Milin, his daughter, lying on the 2nd floor of the house, was still startled from the incident. Therefore would like the police to help follow Mr. Min and friends who commit the incident to prosecute as soon as possible Because he didn't know when Mr Min will come back to cause the incident again. "Ms. Wanwisa Said while the investigation guidelines Pol.Lt.Gen. Pong Anan Khlai, the Commander in Chief of the Police Department 9, ordered the investigation department of Nong Hong Phlu and Sor. Sor Kor Kor. 9 to check the history of Mr. Min or " Moss Khlong Kwang. "The accused was known that in 2016, the police had been arrested by the police at Thonglor. Carried out in prison for a short time Behavior likes to carry firearms all the time. The important witness, who is a friend in the group, said that Mr. Min likes to carry a 9 mm rolling firearm, the Sigzao brand P320, which is the correct gun but has not yet done the matter. Transfer Put it around and carry it all the time, in the amount of 1 cylinder. After the incident, the officers went to arrest Mr Min at the residence in Khlong Kwang Petchkasem 69, but could not be found with the person closing Facebook and closing all communication channels. Disappeared with Honda Yellow Jazz model, registration 1 kg 8774, Bangkok Already As for the participants who traveled to the incident, it was expected to be Mr Fluke (unknown name and surname), aged 20-23 years, close subordinates. Officials are also looking for clues. After this, Pol. Maj. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief, has ordered the arresting set to be cautious in hunting the two suspects to prosecute. Because the criminal has firearms and fighting all the time
The police release temporarily.Father killed the baby slaveTo return to the funeralBelieve because of self -defense|The police release temporarily. Father killed the baby slave To return to the funeral Believe because of self -defense Lean to be fair to his father today (13 Aug 65) Reporters report the progress from the case of Mr. Somphat, 58 years old, Ban Nong Mek, Khon Yung Subdistrict, Kut District, Udon Thani Province, using firearms used. Shoot the son is a Thai artificial gun. Shooting Mr. Prapra Phaipruek, 28, who was a son, died on the road to the end of the rice field, Ban Nong Mek, Khon Yung Subdistrict, Kut District, this morning. Caused by the crazy ball holding a sharp knife with a tight rope, attacking his hand to kill his father. And the rescue unit to promote the service point. The dead body was found. Mr. Praphan, 28 years old, died on the road to the end of the village. The corpse was wearing a black T -shirt, jeans by the police officer, the deceased lying face down. At the chest area, shot with a gun. With blood flowing out of the chest, died at the scene And on the right hand, there is a 15 cm long -lasting knife, still tight by using a rope to attach to the hand. Mr. Somphat The father who caused the firearm to shoot his son by himself. In which Mr. Somphat opened up with the Udon commander that I need to kill the child But before killing me, I will escape. I was about to run down the rice fields but didn't run in time and the dead end because my son had already held a knife. Therefore decided to shoot the garden, the reason that the firearm was needed to protect himself If you don't shoot your son, you will kill. And always threatened to take the blood of the father to check the DNA whether the father and son are true or not. Threatening to kill the mother all the time If mom has money, give If mom doesn't have, then do not give. The son said that the mother doesn't love. Not a true father and mother Is a ghost child If one day, the mother does not have money to rampage, then smash the belongings in the house. Mr. Supap Dana, the village headman, Village No. 13, says that the deceased went to work in Bangkok for many years, just came back home with the father and mother for about a year. And knew that he had been addicted to drugs very hard for 4 months, I always watched the residents Yesterday saw the deceased carrying a knife around the house. Should be caused by amphetamines I was worried about fighting with my father. Arguing with father Because there are often things While also ranting the blood of his father to check if he was a true father until he came to know the news. In this morning Therefore hurried to travel to the scene and immediately informed the police. Pol.Lt.Gen. Phitsanu Tueamseri, Ph.D. Provincial Police Station, Udon Thani Province, revealed that the morning is dark today. The police officer Kud arrested a notification. The deceased was the son of the culprit and a drug-addiction of about 4-5 months. Once addicted to drugs, he threatened to kill his father many times and still hit the mother all the time. Before the incident, Mr. Somphat traveled to the pig at the hut. The deceased, the son, followed and shouted, threatened to kill his father that you came out. But the back is a dead end, then decided to use a gun to shoot out to protect himself After that he didn't escape, calling to inform the village headman to see the scene and stand and wait for the officers from this case. The police consider it in detail the said issue. To see if the father, the father has done to protect his rights in the dangers, which are caused by violation of the law and the danger is nearing to the body or not. And the police will consider whether it is temporarily released The police have already considered, so there is a discretion to release the father without insurance securities. In order to perform the cremation ceremony of his son Which I consider this matter in Thai society or the world society Believe that there is no parents who want to kill their children But the said reason is to protect their rights However The police will continue to investigate that In the crescent of that minute, the father decided to kill the child. Ready to give fairness and cases that must be in the investigation.
The 21 -year -old daughter secretly stolen the mother to pay the gambling debt.Before attacking the gold shopHoping to take it back to mother|The 21 -year -old daughter secretly stolen the mother to pay the gambling debt. Before attacking the gold shop, the gold shop 4 baht, hoping to take it back to mother before the mother realized Finally arrested Mother knows the truth. Shock (13 Aug 65). At 16.30 hrs., Pol. Col. Chotikrai Sanit, Inspector of Investigation, Lat Yao Police Station was informed that there was a good citizen. Able to capture and detain the criminal to compete for the gold shop, Yaowarat Gold Shop, Lat Yao Branch, No. 673/5, Moo 6, Lat Yao Subdistrict, Lat Yao District, Nakhon Sawan Province, so hurry to report to the supervisor Before hurrying to check the scene with Police Colonel Watthanakit Chalaprakhon, Director of Lat Yao Police Station The investigative team team found Police officers, Gold Shop, Lat Yao Police Station, is detaining Ms. Aranya, 21 years old, the accused in the whole set of black. Wearing a covered hat Along with the middle of the gold bracelet, the golden stripes weighing 4 baht in which the accused tried to take but unsuccessful In this event The staff can seize the motorcycle of the accused. The Honda Wave brand, black, red, which was wrapped in a black plastic bag to cover the license plate with another CCTV. At the time of the incident, Ms. Aranya, the accused, walked into the gold shop. The scene first There will be questions with Ms. Jintana, the shop owner's wife. And would like to see the gold bracelet, 4 baht per line, which at this time The shop owner has brought the bracelet that the culprit asked. To the accused to try Without being careful At the moment that the owner of the shop accidentally turned to pick up another golden line Therefore causing the criminal to seize this opportunity Running the gold out of the shop, but in the end he did not survive because while the criminal was straddling the motorcycle And is on the engine to escape Is the same rhythm that Mr Natthawut, the tofu seller in that area See the event exactly Therefore hurried to charge the criminals who have successfully completed the crime From the interrogation, Ms. Aranya, who caused the cause of the cause of the cause of the gold that Addicted to online gambling heavily Until having more than 80,000 baht in debt, therefore finding a way to clear the debt By secretly bringing the mother's golden necklace to pledge the gold shop for 40,000 baht and then secretly withdraw the money in the mother's bank account, another 40,000 baht to pay the gambling debt But over time for a long time, afraid of the mother will know the offense that is created Therefore decided to cause the gold to compete Hoping to be sold and then took the money to redeem the pledge And pay back the debt to the mother. Finally, the plan was not as hoped. After detaining Ms. Aranya came to interrogate the police station, it appeared that the mother of the person who committed the crime came to meet his daughter. With a severe cry That the daughter went to make an offense In this step The authorities have asked for Ms. Aranya Than Runsap during the day. By using vehicles (Motorcycle) for the convenience of taking that property before proceeding in the next legal process
Rescue to find lost peopleFound the body of the body emerged from the water.The body was crushed by a stone.The murderer made a smooth sitting at the scene.|Rescue to find lost people Almost withdrawing the strength but found the body of the body emerged from the water The body was crushed by a stone. The murderer made a smooth sitting at the scene, not escaping anywhere (14 Aug 65) at 01.00 hrs. Muang Buriram Police Station Notified by the villagers, found the body of drowning people At the Huai Crocodile Bridge, the entrance to Ban Huai, Village No. 7, Isan Subdistrict, Mueang Buri Ram District Therefore coordinating Sawang Chanya Thammaburi Rescue Unit With doctors on duty at Buriram Hospital Join in investigating the incident Found a lot of villagers watching The area under the bridge found the body of Mr. Kosom, 54 years old, was crushed by 2 large stones in the body. The right hand appeared above the water. The body was wearing a black T -shirt. Wearing black shorts Officials brought the body out of the water. For the doctor to inspect From the inspection of the basic body condition Found the head around the wound A lot of bleeding is assumed to be hit by a solid on the head. Expected to die at least 10 hours because of the stiff muscles The body was pale from sinking in the water. Inquiring to Prime Minister Ran, 43 years old, the deceased, said that in the morning around 09.00 hrs. Of 13 Aug 65, the deceased invited him. Come to tail together The canal area near the village But he refused The deceased came to the tail alone. But disappeared until 23.00 hrs. Until the villagers who knew the deceased reported that he saw the bicycle parked but did not see people informing Sawang Chanya Dharma rescue personnel Helping to find the area where the bicycle was parked for more than 2 hours, still not found the staff almost withdrawing the power Finally, the rescue team saw the hands appearing above the water. Then went to inspect Prime Minister Ran into the body of a stone over 80 cm deep under the water. Lived under the bridge of the incident Is a place to sleep At first, the police didn't doubt you. Because he didn't escape anywhere Still lying near the scene But from general conditions The area is not a place where many people have passed. The police then throttled the final step. That was the person who killed the real person, claiming that the deceased came to see the clam With drunkenness harassing himself and yelled at him, so he was angry with fighting He used the wood to hit the head. After that, press the water until death. Before using the stone over the body repeatedly drown As for the reason that does not escape anywhere Because he wanted to disguise the case for the police to die. Let the rescue to bring the dead body to Buriram Hospital to autopsy to find the cause of death again. As for the culprit Police officers detained to the police to investigate. In detail
Collecting 2 ruthless brothers and sistersSteering to rob-shooting victimsCount countless cases|Collecting 2 brothers and sisters, robbery, robbery-shot dead victims The cases of countless cases due to 2 criminals patrol the public by using firearms in the eastern region. And have a cruel behavior Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, Commander in Chief, came down to control the investigation and ordered the officers in the area to be responsible for the investigation quickly, until the officers were able to arrest the two brothers in front of a dormitory. In the area of Nong Khae District, Saraburi Province, consisting of Mr. Narathip or Golf, 30 years old, who is a brother And is the user of weapons to shoot the victims to death And Mr. Chaya Nat or Nat, 23, who is a younger brother, from the behavior, found that on 10 Aug 65 at approximately 3:00 am, both criminals Use the Blue Nissan Marsh sedan to rob the robbery. Mr. Saharat (Sanguan surname), age 35 years, while parking a gray Toyota Camry sedan, waiting for the 3rd Rolly Road, Nong Prue Subdistrict, Bang Lamung District. . Chon Buri by using a firearm to hijack the victim to get in the victim's car. Then drove to a lonely place, forcing the victim to get out of the car to lie in the back skirt, then drive the victim to leave in the area of Muang District, Chachoengsao Province, by telling the victim to run away as soon as possible. Otherwise, the firearm will be used. The victim then ran away. And heard the gunshot shot 1 shot. After that, the criminal brought cars and property in the car. Mobile phone and 1,000 baht of the victim Fled to 12 August 65 at approximately 00:30 hrs. While Mr. Piyawat (Reserved Surname), 27 years old and Ms. Thanyarat (Reserved surname) 24 years old. My girlfriend drove to park at the parking lot near the accommodation. The two suspects walked in and used firearms to hijack the victim. Forced to send a shoulder bag to Mr. Piyawat to resist and have to compete for each other One of the criminals then used a firearm to shoot in the head of Mr. Piyawat until he fell seriously injured. Then took the shoulder bag, which had mobile phone And a certain amount of cash Then drive a gray Toyota Camry sedan, the car of the injured person in the first case, fled. Laem Chabang Police Station, Pattaya Police Station and Muang Chachoengsao Police Station Together to investigate the evidence from the CCTV along the path of the criminal The vehicle that the criminal uses the offense. The history of the criminals who had caused the incident in such a manner And other evidence All related Until knowing that the clues of the two criminals are Mr. Narathip or Golf and Mr. Chayat or Nat Which is brothers and sisters to check the history, found that Both of them have been arrested in the burglary. And drugs Many cases Therefore collected evidence to issue an arrest warrant for both the Pattaya Provincial Court. Later, they jointly investigated that both the accused Escaped and hidden at the dormitory area, Khokay Subdistrict, Nong Khae District, Saraburi Province, so followed up and found both the accused in front of the said dormitory. From the discovery of cars used to cause both cars, firearms used to cause the crime and property. Therefore arrested both the accused to the Laem Chabang police investigation officers to proceed with the law.
Dangerous trend warning#Teen of blue tongueDangerous drugs selling social media|After the media presenting the news A group of teenagers use firearms to shoot 16 shots, until there are serious injuries in the area of Nong Hong Phlu Police Station. The incident occurred on August 11, with the name of the culprit, Mr. Min or "Moss Khlong Kwang", 25 years old. The injured friend gave the information that "Moss Khlong Kwang" has violence. And like to chew Rohiban 542 or the blue tongue all the time Until hallucinations After a group of friends, do not want to associate with Therefore tried to distance himself In addition, there is a conflict that leads to the shot of 16 shots, until there are injuries. In addition to personal conflicts, the use of Roibanol 542 is questioned that Contributes to this cause Have a haunting behavior as well? There are also people asking questions about this type of drug. Because it is a controlled drug And is classified as a mental and nervous effect 2 data from the Division of Control The Food and Drug Administration states that Rohypnol has a chemical name. Flunitrazepam Has a relief effect, anxiety, calm, causing sleep, loss of memory for a moment Relaxing the muscles, resisting the seizure and pressing the respiratory system Therefore being used in medical As a sleeping pill, the drug is unconscious and calm before the surgery. In some countries, this drug is considered illegal. Because the report is used in the wrong way, the drug will act quickly. After eating or injected into the muscles, sleeping in 20-30 minutes after taking the medicine. And the power will last for about 8-12 hours. It also affects the drug user to cause drowsiness, dizzy, walking, headache and memory while receiving decreased drugs. Bad decisions Some may have shaking, nightmares, hallucinations and abnormal behavior. This drug control in Thailand. In accordance with the Mental and Nervousness Act 1975, it is an active ingredient in category 2 to prevent the use of crime. Or used in the wrong way The person who has the right to prescribe this type of drug Must be a dentist and a animal doctor only forbidden to be sold in general pharmacies And those who can use this drug must be used according to the orders of doctors. SANOOK News reporters search on social media. Found that there are a lot of smuggling of this drug Especially in teenagers The hashtag of the smuggler And smuggled that #Teenager 542 #Milly #Teen 542 #Roipanol 542 #Power 542. In addition, some teenagers tend to shoot video clips while drunk. While also taking pictures of their own tongues that are blue after using the drug To be published in online communities Along with attaching a hashtag #The blue tongue as well, therefore calling for relevant agencies to accelerate And seriously enforce the law on control of this drug
Raid in the middle of the wedding in the middle of the wedding.Found the groom as an alumni of Uthen.|At 17.00 hrs. On 14 August, Pol. Col. Rak Kiat Pathumwan, Sor. (Investigation), Sutthisan Police Station Notified of a quarrel with each other, there were many injured people. Sub -district and Din Daeng District, Bangkok, therefore, along with Maj. Gen. Atthaphon Anusit, Commander in Chief 2, Pol.Col. The probation officer at the scene is a 108 -square wah of land. Inside there is a one -story house after making a garage in the form of Yu Rok. In front of the entrance, found the blood flow as a way. Inside, there are 5 round tables. There are many beer bottles, full of tables. Some fall Chair Knowing that there were 5 injured were shot. The Por Tek Tung Foundation was brought to the nearby hospital. Investigate the witness who saw the incident that in the morning, the wedding of the wedding couple on the side Opposite the scene Know that the groom had studied at Rajamangala University of Technology Tawan O Uthen Campus Before the incident, the group of groom came to sit and drink at the house, the parking garage at the opposite side of the incident, knowing that before the incident, the group of the incident rode the motorcycle to see 1 round until after The wedding was completed. There was still eating until the evening. It appears that there is a motorcycle. 2 cars riding together to park in front of the entrance at the scene of the incident The person sitting in the back of the motorcycle, both of them were drawn the gun. The bride and groom's fellow group caused everyone to escape to survive. From the said incident, there were 5 injured before the criminals fled back to Soi Sutthipong 1/1, departing on Suthisarn Winit Road. In order to follow the criminal to prosecute
Opening the knot to attack the wedding in the middle of the city.Like a model party|Opening the knot, shooting in the middle of the city. Friends of the groom, both alumni and current disciples attended nearly a hundred people (14 Aug 65) at 17.00 hrs. Police Colonel Rakkiat Pathumwan, Sor.Chor. There are many injured. The incident occurred at a house in Soi Sutthipong 1/1, Sutthisarn Winit Road. District and Din Daeng District Bangkok, which is a one -story house, 1 house, there are 5 round tables in front of the entrance, found blood stains. There were 5 injured were shot. The Por Tek Tung Foundation officers were taken to Rajavithi Hospital, 2 people, Chulalongkorn Hospital, 2 Ramathibodi Hospital, who later died at the hospital. Due to being shot in the chest area Resulting in 1 death for Mr. Natthawut, 24 years old, the deceased was shot in the left rib / 1 round of the chest / 1 north of the milk, right / right neck, 2 shots / neck on the left 1 Appointment / Wound on the forehead has ammunition. /The right index finger lacks serious symptoms and died later from the investigation of the witness who saw the incident that in the morning, the wedding of the couple at the house number 39, which is opposite the scene of the incident. Know that the groom had studied at Rajamangala University of Technology Tawan O Uthen Campus Before the incident, the group of groom's friends came to sit and drink at home, the parking garage at the opposite side of the incident, knowing that before the incident, the group of the culprit had riding a motorcycle to see. Sloping 1 round until after the wedding is finished, still eating until the evening It appears that there is a motorcycle. 2 cars riding together to park in front of the entrance at the scene of the incident Before the person sitting in the back of the motorcycle, both cars were drawn The bride and groom's fellow group caused everyone to escape to survive. From the said incident, there were 5 injured before the criminals who fled back to Soi Suthipong 1/1, departing on Sutthisarn Diimchin Road at Sutthisan Police Station at 21.10 hrs. (14 Aug 65) later. Meeting Maj. Gen. Chokchai Ngamwong, Deputy Commander in Chief, said that the incident He received an order from Maj. Gen. Samran Nuanma, Commander in Chief, to control the investigation, with Maj. Gen. Noppasilp Poolsawat, Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police. Sor. Join the meeting to monitor the case. At the time of the incident, there were 6 villains, 3 motorcycles attacking the gun into the wedding party. Resulting in 1 death of 4 people injured after the incident, investigated the groom and the bride, as well as collecting details at the scene Inspect the shell The bullet fell The probation division has compiled as a secondary evidence. The Commander in Chief said that From inquiring the groom confirmed that No reason to be angry with anyone Currently, it is in the process of investigating whether it is associated with the participants. As for the conflict between that institution Haven't cut this issue yet Because the groom has graduated for 2 years, with a shot as a splash Not specific to anyone In this regard, asking for time to investigate to monitor the criminals to prosecute progress will be reported further. News reports that for the groom While studying as a good student, not unruly, no matter if anyone Is a football player of the institute And from the investigation found that In the event of a party Which includes seniors, juniors, alumni and current disciples of the Rajamangala Institute of Technology Uthen Campus Come to attend more than 90 people. The groom has posted Facebook to invite friends to attend the said party. Which is the source that may make the criminal group know that there will be a group of students Therefore came to cause the said incident
Sad "Nong Ice", the victim of the fireInfectious wounds-shockDied in the 19th case|Sad "Nong Ice", a victim of fire, pub, Mountain, Prophet Died in the 19th person, with her boyfriend being a lead singer And died on the night of the famous entertainment entertainment place, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, on 5 August 65, which has a total of 18 people. The latest at 02.50 hrs. Today, 15 Aug 65, Mrs. Weena Insiri, 54, a special expert teacher Wat Ban Lang Mae's community school, Nong Ice, Atitaya, posted a Facebook message on Ice, Atitaya Insiri from us peacefully at 02.50 hrs. Thami In order for you to go to a good world. The mother also posted a photo of the daughter and stating the message that Pepthasami asks Nong Ice to travel to a good world. Travel to heaven Go to live with you. In the next life, there is a child to be born as a child of the mother as before. The beautiful daughter of the mother ...#Love the child all the time. #Forgive children to everything #moutainb will remember this smile for the rest of his life ... Love the child as the heart for Ms. Athitaya or Ice, 23 years old, is the girlfriend of Mr. Chatchai, or 30 years old, the lead singer who died. On the night of the incident Is one of the seriously injured From the pub fire Nong Ice was moved from the hospital (hospital) Queen Sirikit. Naval Medical Department, Sattahip District, after only one night Before being sent to the hospital to Chon Buri Hospital, which throughout the treatment requires a respirator Because there is a deep wound caused by 100% fire. The whole body is wrapped in gauze. Less response With an infection in the bloodstream And the shock caused the death. In the end, preparing to bring the draft of the religious ceremonies at Wat Nathawan, Rayong Province. Summary of the fire of the pub, Sattahip died at the scene of 13 people, 42 injuries, a total of 55 deaths. After 6, a total of 19 deaths. Returning 11 people still love. 25 people (8 respiratory pipes)
Mother received the body of "Nong Ice", the 19th person who died.Worried about a 5 -year -old daughter, must orphan|At 14.00 hrs. Mrs. Weena Insiri, the mother of Nong Ice, Ms. Atitaya Received the daughter's body, traveled from Chonburi Hospital To perform religious ceremonies At Natakwan Temple, Mueang District, Rayong Province, this evening by Mrs. Weena traveled with Ice's brother and Ice's friends Bring the clothes, shoes that the daughter likes to wear to change. Mr. Apichai, 56, father, Ice, with her mother, Ice stated that what was worried after this was to take care of the only 5 -year -old niece of Ice. How to grow And how does it affect school life? Because even though he was a grandmother And also taught as a teacher in school Is enough to send, but when Ice has passed away Income that Ice had previously taken care of a 5 -year -old child from the restaurant's employment. Will definitely be more difficult Which would like to look at the loss here as well Anyone will help take care of this part in the future. For the funeral ceremony Beginning this evening at 14.00 hrs. And will perform the Ceremony on this coming Saturday.
A 21 -year -old stepfather bashing two brothers and sisters, 2 years old, dead brother, 6 months, terrible|21 -year -old stepfather bashing two brothers and sisters, 2 -year -old girl, cracked, spleen, blood, heave blood in the stomach, died, while the 6 -month boy was terrible. Grandma, along with the family, went to pick up the body of Nong Rice, 2 years old. Naresuan University Hospital Come to practice At the pavilion of Chulamanee Temple, after Nong Rice was taken to the hospital Yesterday evening (15 Aug) due to unconsciousness The doctor helped, but finally died. And from the autopsy, Nong Rice has died due to the liver cracking, spleen, blood, heave in the stomach, which conflicts with the relatives who are hospitalized that you have choking. The doctor then informed the police. Naresuan University Along with investigating relatives To find the cause of the death of the little child Immediately, after the doctor has performed the autopsy, Miss Rice Fang, and Mrs. Chan Suda, the grandmother, brought the niece's body to perform merit. Along with interviewing reporters that I am the grandmother of Nong Rice. Shortly after the mother of Nong Rice Broke up with his own son to have a new girlfriend but still in the rental room next to each other And received the sorghum Having another new son and boyfriend named Nong Bas (a hypothetical name) at the age of 6 months only And broke up with a new boyfriend, father, Basketball Before getting another girlfriend (the 3rd) and came together at the rental room next to him In which the mother's sorghum mother Not to interfere I would like to bring my grandchildren to feed himself. But was rejected until the past 4-5 in the past, he heard the child singing for a long time. Did not doubt anything until 5 o'clock in the evening Call to say that Nong Rice is sorded into the hospital. Due to unconsciousness Which he was shocked to travel to see the grandchildren But in the end, the mother's sorghum Calling back and saying that she was broken and made myself very sad. Therefore hurried to the hospital, the doctor asked for more whether Nong Rice Was done as well? Due to the autopsy results Not chopping in any way But the body was assaulted with the body to death. He did not think that the event would be in doubt. Miss Dao Rung, 33 years old, close to the mother's sorghum revealed that at 4 o'clock yesterday (15 S. C.) The stepfather called him. Tell me, please come and see my grandchildren. I don't know what is awake. When he arrived, his father was carried out. But when he took the younger brother, the cold arms were not breathed and then quickly told his brother to drive the pickup truck at the speed of bringing to Naresuan University Hospital. Even though he stepped through the red light from the house to the hospital for 5 minutes, the younger had not died. When going to pick up, I think that my grandchildren do not think that the grandchildren will die. After watching and died for many hours, the doctor informed the results that he died. Because the child is broken, the liver cracked, the spleen, the blood of the stomach is wound, the doctor is wondering how this is like this. I don't understand how to do it. As much as touched The stepfather loves these 2 children very much when the mother children go to work at a convenience store. Then feed the rice Take to eat snacks, wash the younger brother when shooting Take good care of the little brother, aged 6 months, the doctor saw the bruise at the body While taking it to the hospital The doctor then brought to check. Found that hepatitis, broken arms, broken legs, swollen face Accepted immediately from the inquiry Police Colonel Phak Phoom Sripoom, Director of the Phitsanulok Police Station, revealed that at this time, the investigative officers brought the stepfather of the 21 -year -old child and a 17 -year -old mother to investigate to find the truth. Since last morning It took almost 7 hours. The stepfather admitted that he was a real sterilization. By claiming that Nong Rice is mischievous to pick up some power plugs Some other things But didn't think it was violent And causing death, and the 6 -month -old Basket The police are still not convinced. Therefore brought more investigations Before summarizing the true cause again
A psychiatric young manMother is about to take to treat but not stabbed his girlfriend, died in the bedroom.|At 03.00 hrs. On 17 August 65, Police Lieutenant Colonel Komkrit Kanchanachat, Deputy Inspector (Investigation), Prawet Police Station was notified of a woman being stabbed in the house of Soi Onnut 59, Prawet District. Prawet, Bangkok, therefore, went to inspect with the inspector and investigation department of Prawet Police Station, the Proof of the Forensic Division (NESDB), the forensic doctor, the police station and the volunteer of the Ruam Kanyu Foundation at the scene of a 2 -story house in the area. Community along the Prawet Canal Inside the bedroom on the 2nd floor of the house, found the body of a 27 -year -old woman wearing short -sleeved T -shirts. Wearing shorts Lying on the bed With a blanket covering and has a lot of blood stains The body was attacked in the manner of the sharp neck in the neck. And at the scene of the incident, a sharp knife was found. 1 handle was collected as evidence. Condition not wearing a shirt Wearing black shorts Speaking After that, the police and relatives helped each other to persuade before detaining from the inquiry of the mother of the cause. The son and the deceased were lovers for many years. In which the woman has a career in opening a beauty salon Located at Soi Phatthanakan 67, and the son who caused the incident to stay at this house for about 3 days because the mother called to visit the grandfather who fell ill. Before the incident, no one heard the quarrel in any way. Until the culprit walked down from the bedroom on the 2nd floor and told her to hurt his girlfriend on the mattress Before walking back to the bedroom And in a hallucination Until the police arrived and detained Before being detained at Prawet Police Station, the mother who caused another testimony that The son has a haunting, haunting, and always heard the voice of the person who ordered him to do something. Since the year 2019, he took to receive treatment at the hospital. Until recently, the mother asked her son to visit the grandfather who had fallen seriously. In which the mother noticed the mental illness of the son increased Which sometimes can't remember the family Before the incident, the son and the deceased were sitting and eating a pan with his family. And disperse to sleep In the evening of 23.00 hrs. On 16 August. Because in the morning, the mother will take the son who caused the doctor to see a doctor at a hospital in Pathum Thani Province to treat mental illness. But came to the incident before the initial police officers were waiting for the interrogation of the culprit again Due to the symptoms of speaking before the legal proceedings
The 9 -year -old girl was raped by a real father for 5 years until pregnant.|Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Foundation for Children and Women, revealed that due to the 15th of August, Mrs. Daeng (assumed name), 53 years old, the grandmother complained on Facebook page. The Pawina Hong Sakul Foundation for children and women informed that Nong A (assumed name), a 14 -year -old niece, who had raised since Lek, was 33 -year -old Mr. Ek (named), who was a true father to take care of it at 8 years. Rape since the age of 9, continuously until now, for 5 years, while Mr Ek took the child to live in the new wife's house in Rayong and intimidated. Beginning of the month Aug ago Nong Ae felt abnormal because of the menstruation for 2 months and then went to buy a pregnancy test, found that 2 matches were shocked, so I couldn't do anything. Before hurrying to call Grandma to go back to Phitsanulok province, without knowing that Grandma took her grandchildren to check the body at the hospital. Reported to Rayong province, therefore requesting the Pawina Foundation to help He therefore accepted the matter and transferred the travel expenses to Grandma immediately. To bring the grandchildren to the foundation. Later, on August 16, the past Mrs. Daeng and Nong A Traveled to meet Mrs. Pawina at the Pawina Foundation, Pathum Thani Province, to provide detailed information about what happened Before Mrs. Pawina coordinated Police Colonel Chaiyaphong Saengphongchai, Ph.D., Pluak Daeng Police Station and Ms. Noppana Charoentham, Head of Child and Family House, Rayong Province As well as assigning the staff of the Pawina Foundation Take the two grandchildren to travel to report at Pluak Daeng Police Station until 17 August, Mrs. Pawina assigned the staff of the Pawina Foundation. Take two grandchildren to report to the Pluak Daeng Police Station, Rayong Province, with staff at Rayong children traveling to Pluak Daeng Police Station too Police Colonel Chaiyaphong ordered the inquiry official to be reported and interrogated. And inquired about the preliminary girl Before the staff of Rayong children take Nong A to check at the hospital to prepare to end the pregnancy according to Grandma's wishes. And there will be an appointment for a girl's professional exam again. Director of Pluak Daeng Police Station Sent the investigative officer to bring Mr. Ek, a true father at the new wife's house to check the urine, found that there was a substance in the body. Therefore reported charges of drug use and rape, a girl under 13 years of age, raped a girl under 15 years of age And will detain the accused to be sent to the court on August 18
Collected and the criminals rob the wife of "Mum", patrols all over the city.Many cases of this skill|From the case of a 45 -year -old girl, the victim who was robbed by the criminal At a hair salon Bang Kruai District Nonthaburi Province At the same time, netizens sharing the definition. And the behavior of criminals through social media By causing the incident in Bang Khun Thian area And confirm that it is the same person at the robbery at the real hair shop From the preliminary examination, it was found that in the past morning The criminal came to cause the incident at Wat Sing. After that, around 8 pm, on the same day, the criminal had caused robbery and indecent women. The owner of the beauty salon that is a close person of "Mod" wife Mum Jokkam, a famous comedian in the Plai Police Station in Nonthaburi Province. As for the motorcycle that the criminal used in the incident Investigate that it is a motorcycle that the criminals stolen in other areas. Later, at 8:00 pm on 17 August 65 at Bang Bua Thong Police Station, the police officers in the investigation team 1 brought the accused under the arrest warrant of the Nonthaburi Provincial Court No. 418. /256255 dated 12 August 65 by arresting at Kanchana Road, Khu Wang Luang Subdistrict, Pathum Thani Province, reporting charges of robbery by using vehicles to be convenient to steal or taking that property. Found all the belongings: 1. 1 gold diamond ring 2. 1 stainless steel necklace 3. Honda City Car Key 1 5. 1 TCL brand phone and 1 Huawei brand phone 6. 1 shoulder bag 7. Honda brand motorcycle, MSX 125, 1 black, red, 1 car. 8. Honda brand motorcycle, black and white, black and white, sent to Bang Bua Thong police station to Ayat. Because the criminal had caused the Bang Bua Thong area before. Most recently, at 09.00 hrs. Bang Bua Thong has detained the accused. Traveled to meet the investigative officers at Plai Bang Police Station to interrogate and will take to make a confession plan at the scene of the incident In the area of a hair salon in Bang Kruai area. Later, at 09.00 hrs. Before revealing to reporters that The victim's husband Being with him as a singer in the camp After the incident for 2-3 days, the victim was scared. He is not fascinated by anything. People do not have any work, then it is the duty of the police officers. Now his girlfriend is a soldier in another province. Was relieved to catch the criminal Bang Bang Police Station is already good. As for the criminal, he wouldn't know what to do. But it's not the way of life of people Breaking the law in many places The police were caught in 3-4 incidents. Next, it depends on the legal procedure.
Shocked mom!Sit and watch the rape news. Try asking the 7 -year -old daughter. Meet the answers. "Authentic father made me"|Mother shocked Sit and watch rape news Try asking a 7 -year -old daughter, stepfather, have you ever done anything? The child said that he was truly a father. Sexual harassment-trying to rape reporters that today (18 Aug) Mrs. Pawina Hongsakul, President of the Pawina Foundation for children and women, bringing Miss Bow (assumed name), 29 years old, the mother of a 7-year-old girl A year -old meeting Col. Kittiphong Petch Mayuni, Director of Chang Phueak Police Station Chiang Mai District To provide more information After the daughter was truly a father Sexual harassment for more than 5 months, which the Chiang Mai Provincial Court approved an arrest warrant and the Chang Phueak Police Investigation set. Which has a career of delivery staff in Chiang Mai Complained to the Pawina Hong Sakul Foundation for children and women, providing information that Nong B (a hypothetical), a 7 -year -old daughter, was 33 years old, Myanmar nationality. Which is a real father Doing indecent and trying to rape since Mar -Aug 65 for the past 5 months, she has just learned later. In which the story caused the daughter to change Abnormal aggressive She wants to take the matter to the end and request the Pawina Foundation. Helping MP Bow said that 8 years ago, she lived with her husband until he had 1 child together, B, but with the flirting of her husband and quarreling often. She then broke up with her husband. When her daughter was 2 years old, they had a new family. In which the daughter is in her care And she also has 1 child with a new husband since separating for many years, ex -husbands are not interested in taking care of their children. Until the past March The ex -husband came to ask for children to travel every week. She was surprised But was not suspicious because he saw that he was the father of the child would not have any problems In which the former husband said that he would take her daughter to visit the waterfall And took to eat KFC chicken that her daughter likes until the 11th of August, while she was watching TV news with her children at home. There is news of the stepfather raped the stepson. Therefore try to ask the child if his stepfather is good or not Has the stepfather ever done? But the answer heard made it shocked. Because the daughter said "The stepfather has never done anything to him, but the real father is the person who made my father pick me up with my mother and told me to take me to travel, but instead took me to the rental room and turned off the lights in the room until dark and opened the porn. watch Father violates sexually and trying to rape me every time. I don't want to go anywhere with my father anymore. "After knowing the story, she brought her daughter to report that Chang Phueak Police Station on August 13, in order to prosecute Mr. Muang to the end. Along with asking the Pawina Foundation Help with the case after receiving the complaint. The Pawina Foundation has coordinated with the Chang Phueak Police Station in order for the two mother and son to meet and make an appointment for a professional exam on 17 August, which the girl testified clearly. That the real father was done, the investigative officers therefore gathered evidence to issue an arrest warrant and arrested yesterday evening (17 Aug) in front of the house, the road is in Soi 4, Village No. 2, Chang Phueak Subdistrict Mueang Chiang Mai District Chiang Mai Province As well as coordinating social development and human security in Chiang Mai And children's homes and families in Chiang Mai In order to receive the mother and child to protect the welfare at the Chiang Mai children's home, Col. Kittiphong Petch Mayuni, the director of Chang Phueak Police Station, revealed that the initial accused Admit that taking her daughter But did not deny the sexual abuse In which the inquiry official has reported charges of obscenity to the girl under 13 years and trying to rape a girl under the age of 13, who is the tracers and will be sent to the Chiang Mai Provincial Court tomorrow (19 Aug) and will have Saw opposing the bail Ready to gather environmental witnesses as a physical examination results in prosecution. Mrs. Pawina said that this case is very sad that the real father has done rape. The ball in the filling is only 7 years old. From the statistics, found that the real father That raped the child, often not raising children or not having a bond with the child before Therefore warning all families to take care of children closely If found abnormalities, notify the Pawina Foundation On Facebook page 24 hours a day
"Chatchat" Thank you.Approve the budget of 7.9 billion to use it worthwhile.|Chatchart Thank you After approving the budget of the year 66, the amount of 7.9 billion baht today (18 Aug 65) Mr. Wirat Minchai Nanan, President of the Bangkok Council Presided over the Bangkok Council meeting Presided over the extraordinary meeting Second period (1st time) for the year 2022, with Mr. Chatchachat Sitthiphan, Bangkok Governor And related agencies attended the Bangkok Council meeting Resolved to approve the draft of the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration on the budget for the fiscal year 2023 in the amount of 79,719,012,050 million baht, with a score of 48 votes, not approving 0 voices, no voting 0 votes, 1 vote, Mr. Chatchat Sittiphan That the Bangkok government said thank you to the President of the Bangkok Council Vice President of Bangkok Council And all the extraordinary committees who helped to consider the draft of the Bangkok commandments regarding the budget for the fiscal year B.E. 2023 to pass the agenda of 3 departments will accept the observation to consider Allowing the use of the budget to be careful Effectively By taking the people as the location
Pinky Sawika-Mother goes to jail!After the bail of the case, sharing the chain, Forex-3D is afraid of escape.|Famous actors Pinky-Sawika Chaiyadej and mother Mrs. Sarinya Chaiyadej was sent to the prison. After the Criminal Court does not allow bail In the case of sharing the chain, Forex-3D 18 Aug 2022 famous actor Pinky-Sawika Chaiyadet and mother Mrs. Sarinya Chaiyadej was sent to prison. After the Criminal Court does not allow bail In the chain sharing case, Forex-3D (Forex-Threedee), which before this actor and mother Has submitted securities for bail as a land title deed But the court did not approve Due to the misfortune that the case has a high penalty And there are many damages There is a reason to believe that if the defendant should escape, in addition to Miss Sawika Chaiyadet and Mrs. Sarinya Chaiyadet, who are the second and 3 defendants respectively, and there are still 19 accused in this case. The Forex-3D case involves deception, persuading people to invest money to trade in foreign exchange rates (Foreign Exchange) via the Forex-3D.com website, claiming that it will receive a return of 60-80% of The profits obtained from the trading of foreign currency exchange rates, the presence of the said royal family, is considered a fraud and violation of the Computer Crime Act on October 30, 2019. There are complaints. To the Ministry of Justice, check the Forex-3D whether it is considered a chain sharing or not. After investing, do not pay the profits as advertised. Which includes damages, with a value of up to 40,000 million baht. After the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) accepted this case in early November, a number of famous entertainment people were called to testify to Looking for a connection with Mr Apirak Kotthi, the founder and Chairman of the Forex-3D executive officer in December in the same year, DSI seized 7 luxury cars of those involved in the case. Forex-3D, worth 43 million baht, not including the property of approximately 700 million baht that was previously seized. Mr. Somsak Thep Sutin, Minister of Justice Revealed at that time that There are 11,565 DSI registered victims, total damage of this group of people up to 1,585 million baht.
Former soldiers enlisted the shooting of Ubon, claiming to shoot 28 shots, just opened the way to take the gang to the doctor.|Former soldiers enlisted the shooting of Ubon, claiming to shoot 28 shots, just opened the way to take the gang to the doctor. Reject, try to kill Claiming if intended to shoot, there would be more people from this thriller in the city of Ubon Ratchathani, when 2 teenagers in the province between the gang of Singha beach and the Gang of Tiger Kham Yai Using firearms to shoot at each other As if filming a war between the gangs in front of Phaya Yo shop and Ekkamai 487, beside Big C Department Store, Nai Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Ubon Ratchathani Province In the middle of the night, on the night of August 3, the past 3 people were killed. Initially, there were 16 arresting warrants that participated in this incident. Arresting 11 people, giving 1 person in the process of fleeing 4 people as it appeared. Regarding this, on August 19, Mr. Boonmee Chom Hong, the lawyer, coordinated the officers from the Ubon Provincial Police Investigation Division. Investigation officer Muang Ubon Police Station And the police officers that Mr. Nikorn, 31 years old, or Mr. Mao Nong Manao, Tiger Gang, Ban Kham Yai The hand shot in the arrest warrant. After the incident, fled to the Lao PDR. Wishing to travel across the shore. Returned to surrender at Ban Bung involve border, Naeng Subdistrict, Khemmarat District, Ubon Ratchathani Province. Ubon Ratchathani Province Before informing Trying to kill others intentionally, have firearms and ammunition, take a firearm and ammunition, shoot guns by yes, in the village city, there is a firearm that the registrar cannot issue a license. Charged with trying to kill others intentionally Claiming that the use of AK guns to shoot in the sky to open the way to bring Mr. Chok Thawat or Duck Phan Klang, the leader of the tiger gang, Ban Kham Yai, who was shot to the hospital. There is no attraction to anyone. Later in the same afternoon The officer brought Mr. Nikorn. The Aka of the Gang of Tiger Ban Kham Yai, 31, a former military, under the 9th Infantry Battalion, came to interrogate and brought him to make a confession plan at the Phaya Yo area. Parking lot, Big C, Nai Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Ubon Province, confessed that the day of the incident used a total of 28 AK guns, but shot on the floor and shot in the sky to intimidate and protect only. Which, if the bullet shot, there would be a lot of deaths Among the villagers, watching the making of the confession plan in terms of using firearms but still rejecting charges of trying to kill others intentionally.
Big boy, victim of fireDied in the 20th case after 2 weeks of coma|The big boy, the big victim Died in the 20th case after sleeping in a coma for 2 weeks due to fire, famous entertainment venues, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, on 5 Aug 65. Initially, 13 people died and later died. After the hospital Due to seriously injured In total, 19 people died (19 Aug 65). At 13.19 hrs. Received the death report of Mr. Popon (Thanthorn) Bowonsuwan or an at 50 years old. One of the serious injuries from the fire of the pub. Died down peacefully at the 20th at Chon Buri Hospital After the blood donation is open Before the doctor detected that the patient was severely infected in the bloodstream And finally died, Mr Thanarat Bowonsuwan, 52, the deceased brother revealed that the night of the incident The younger brother traveled from Bangkok. And come to stay at Sattahip In order to pick up the mother to the doctor in the morning But a friend invited him to visit the Mountain B pub before experiencing a fire. Ran away from the pub in the physical condition, almost burned on the whole body. The rescue team will help deliver it to Sattahip Hospital. 10th kilometer before the doctor sent the treatment to Chon Buri Hospital for a total of 14 days before dying. Am. Tomorrow will move the body. To perform religious merit -making ceremony at Rung Sunthorn Km 5 Temple
The police officer claimed to be the wife of the senator.Military cruelty case serving women|Police Lieutenant Colonel Ying Dod surrendered this morning. The female military cruelty is served. Big Joker prepares to make an urgent statement from the case of the victim, a former female soldier to complain to Col. Thanin Chatcharoenpong, Deputy Director of the Police Station, Muang Ratchaburi Police Station. Ready to report to the police To prosecute criminal cases with the employer, Police Lieutenant General Ying, Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army, 4, currently helping the Government of the ISOC Region 4, which claims to be the wife of the Senate (Senator ) On charges of abuse of physical assault today (20 August), it was reported that Lieutenant Colonel Ying Kornsawasaw stood this morning after the incident, claiming a senator, leaving a young woman. Being a soldier and pulling himself as a servant Before cruelty like a slave, using an electric shock shot to shock the body Spraying alcohol to fire the head When asked to go home, forced to resign from government service In addition, the royal salary and the deposit limit at 10.30 hrs. Police Lieutenant Colonel Surachet Hakpal Ratchaburi Police Station In order to announce the case that the female police assaulted the female soldier after the inquiry official has completed the interrogation of the female soldiers Until able to set allegations Make a mistake to freedom Physically Rape others to do any actions and human trafficking due to the transfer of a female military salary to their own salary. The inquiry official asked for approval to the Court of Ratchaburi province. This too
Collected 6 Josh, attacking the burglary of grade 4, just looking at the face and not satisfied (clip)|Collected 6, attacking the burglary of grade 4, just looking at the face dissatisfied at 09.00 hrs. On 20 August 2022, the parents brought 6 young people aged 14-17 years as a grade 3-M.4 student. A secondary school Suwinthawong Road area Surrendered to Col. Siwat Srivichai, Director of Lam Phak Chi Police Station Pol.Lt.Col. Chai Thacha Chiang Ta, Deputy Director of the S.P. and the investigation department of Lam Phak Chi Police Station to acknowledge the allegations. Together to hurt the body to the point that the villain is seriously harmed And join the burglary with weapons Or by jointly committed two or more offenses with 2 motorcycles, 1 knife, airsoft gun, short gun 1 black automatic and clothes that the group of hats were worn while causing the incident on 7 August 65 at approximately 17.30 hrs. While the victims were 16 years old. one Rom Klao Road area Sitting in the area Playground in a village Suwinthawong Road area There are 7 male teenagers using 3 vehicles. Came down to punch the face And steal mobile phones, iPhone brands and wallets, which have 1,500 cash of the victim After that, the group of accused drove the motorcycle to escape after receiving the notification. Called the investigative officer to plan the investigation to find the offender. By determining the investigation guidelines In which the scene was a large village There are 4 routes in and out of the village. By dividing the investigation into 2 sets, one part of the mobile phone signal Part of the CCTV inspection in the village, collecting information, investigating, looking for a person's witness. Travel to check for a motorcycle used According to various educational institutions And inspect the suspect group that had caused the incident between the institution To prove the offender Found CCTV in the village found 1 in the accused to exchange ID cards in and out of the village. Investigate until knowing all the accused Pressured the parents to surrender 6 people today. The other 1 suspect was 17 years old. Caused by looking at the face dissatisfied Does not have any problems with educational institutions Bring the accused group to the investigation officer of Lam Phak Chi Police Station and coordinate the multidisciplinary team. Join the investigation to proceed with the legal proceedings.
Gathering the robbery, snatching the owner's bagGet more than 16 million property (clip)|Collecting a stingy boy snatching the owner's bag, car parts Received more than 16 million assets at 09.00 hrs. On 20 August 2022, Pol. Col. Phanom Chuengthong, Ph.D., Phlapphlachai Police Station 2 revealed the results of the important case that on 17 Aug 65 at approximately 10.30 hrs. In the past, there were victims (reserved names), 52 years old, the owner of the car parts shop. Agricultural machinery is located in Yaowarat area, bringing assets 2 mobile phones, 1 iPad Apple, Rolex, 1 Orange Ruen, 1 Pateh Philippe Watch, 1 Diamond Milk Milk White gold rings surrounded 3 carat diamonds, 1 2 carats, 1 pan, earrings, pearl necklaces, bracelets, diamonds and cash 80,000 baht. Including the price of assets and bags of 16,900,000 baht, put in a cream -colored woman's handbag and placed in the desk in the shop Then pay respect to the prayers on the 2nd floor of the shop. The handbag has disappeared. Therefore reported the complaint Police Lieutenant Chaiyasit Khamphachan, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Phlapphlachai Police Station 2. Later, Pol. Col. Phanom Sonthi, the police officer, investigation and investigation, Phlapphachai 2 police station to inspect the scene. Check from CCTV in the shop. Found a criminal as a man, walked into the shop and stole the handbag and walked out of the shop. Check from CCTV in front of various stores and CCTV cameras installed at various points in accordance with the policies of Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, Commander in Chief, who can watch the camera continuously. Police Colonel Phanom continued to find that the criminal called a green -yellow taxi. Ran to park at the Pinklao Bridge Near the mouth of Soi Somdej Phra Pinklao, 3 criminals walked with the woman's bag into the alley. Then walked out of the alley Investigation team Went to the area in the alley, found a woman's handbag placed at the grass in a small alley Therefore seized it as a medium But did not find the criminal and appeared. CCTV images walked out of the alley called another taxi Heading to Borommaratchachonnani Road, outbound, Rama 2 Road and then sent to Muang District, Phetchaburi Province, so Prasangan and Col. Wanchai Khao Ram, Director of Muang Phetchaburi Police Station Sonthi is investigating the investigation team. Knowing that the criminal is Mr. Sakda or Champion, 25 years old, Phetchaburi province. Before the investigating officer filed a request to the court, the arrest warrant was issued on 19 August 65 at 17.00 hrs. Found the accused With clothes to wear on the day of the incident Ask Mr. Sakda or the champion of the accused to confess that before the incident, the train from Petchburi province, get off the train and sleep at Hua Lamphong. Rolled down the road To the car parts shop Looking at the shop, seeing a woman's bag Would like to have money, therefore causing the actual bank's baggage of the victim Bringing 80,000 baht in the pocket The remaining 8,000 baht. Police Phanom continued that after arresting, detained the accused to lead the scene of the confession. And the escape route In which the inquiry official reported the above Stealing by doing other things so as not to see or remember the face. The victim praised the performance of the duties of the police, using technology from the CCTV camera that was connected quickly. Until able to arrest the accused with the property back
Big Joker, examinations, "Police Lieutenant Colonel", the case of cruelty, military service|"Big Joke" announced the media. Confess the actual cause Claiming illness Self -control is not a preliminary range, being charged with human trafficking. Reporters reported that today (20 Aug) at 11.00 hrs. Pol. Maj. Announced after interrogation, Pol. Former soldier serving women That from the initial interrogation, Pol.Col. I myself have symptoms that cannot control my emotions periodically. And have a medical certificate from a hospital to show In which he read the report of the doctor in the said leaf, it has been stated that it has been treated for 2 years, but can not specify what the symptoms are. Big Joker continues that while inquiry official And he had interrogated and talked The accused was crying, feeling sad about what he had done. And apologize for causing this incident As well as stating that Now waiting for the lawyer to travel from Bangkok. When he arrived, he would give a testimony to the inquiry official. As for the consideration of the bail in the investigation officer or not. Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet stated that he expected that the inquiry official would bail. Because the accused traveled to give himself And the case is not complicated. The concerns that will intimidate the victims And interfere with the evidence again? He believed that the accused would not intimidate the witness and the victim. If so, the police will withdraw the bail immediately. In addition, Big Joke also states that on Monday 22 August 1 that is a agency In order for the agency to proceed with the legal and discipline in accordance with the next step when asked about the police officers Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet said that he found that he had come to serve correctly in accordance with the work. As for the work of the police, Lieutenant Colonel Ying went to help the Governor of the ISOC Region 4, the current front is sent back. The agency And acting to coordinate with the Senate (Senator). And this duty does not have to travel to the office every day. As for the victims to enter the military Must allow the military to be the inspector But believe that there is a document confirming that the military was properly entered the military while reporting that the medical certificate in which the accused submitted to the inquiry official dated August 19, before the surrender of only one day. The doctor who issued the certificate was not a treatment. But is the opinion of the illness from the treatment history only By only questioning the accused It was reported that another investigation officer was in the process of requesting the court of Ratchaburi Province requesting a search warrant for the house. To check the equipment used to attack and the point of causing the incident In order to combine the case
Corporal, firing, firing, 19 shots, extinguished in front of the military campWife shocked the child just gave birth.Did not see his father's face|Corporal, firing, firing a Tripe, 19 shots, extinguished in front of the military camp, claiming to resent the juniors, not respecting the elder. It is a matter of dignity that Muang Nakhon Phanom Police Station after Col. Natthawit Ratchakaew, Director of Muang Nakhon Phanom Police Station, along with the investigative team Detained according to the arrest warrant for the 24th Army Court, Udon Thani, the base of the offense of killing others, with the intentions of the Lieutenant Montit or Sahawit, 33 years old, the position of military inspector or the Royal Thai Army 210, Phra Yot Mueang Khwang Camp, Nakhon Phanom for investigation. More after surrender last night In the event of a motorcycle driving And using a 9 -mm pistol to shoot a friend of the same junior camp, including 19 shots, the dead, namely Corporal Watchara or Sahakle, 29 years old Act In front of Phra Yot Muang Camp, with additional investigations today In order to gather evidence Prepare to send to prosecute At the 24th Army Court, Udon Thani because the accused was a military official Committed with military officials together As for the evidence that can be seized There are 9 mm firearms, clothes worn on the day of the incident. And motorcycle With a helmet Which corresponds to evidence And the CCTV that saw the event at the same time between the police team The accused had come out of the investigation room. Miss Skawan, 32 years old, the deceased wife carried his son, just gave birth to a month. Along with more than 10 relatives to ask to see the accused And cursed to pay for the killing of the husband In addition, he asked the accused about the cause of the conflict to the point of shooting and killing each other. But the accused denied the problem. Just say a short apologize, not willing to make relatives dissatisfied. Try to attack With the police Putting strict prevention measures Before temporarily detained Waiting for the military court to continue Tomorrow morning Without making a confession plan Because the accused did not voluntarily Is the right of the accused Miss Skawan Duen revealed that today he was holding his son for less than a month. Still can't see the father's face Come to see the face of the crime Despite working together But did not receive a clear answer, evaded and responded shortly, not willing to apologize Which all relatives do not ask for forgiveness Do not want to ask for forgiveness And asked to curse to pay for karma Calling for the death penalty. Mr. Sompong Boonpanya, the residence, the accused, revealed that he was a lawyer, volunteered to act as the rights of the accused. From the inquiry of the accused Confessed that it was a knot from personal dissatisfaction Because the deceased is a junior But do not respect the elder brother Is a prestige Until resentment And is a short -term mood Which the accused confirmed that there are no other problems It's just a personal dissatisfaction. As for the prosecution confirmation, it is in accordance with the legal procedures. Initially, it was charged with killing others intentionally.
Police Lieutenant Colonel attacked soldiersClaiming sick-do not know what disease is "together the power" is not surprised to break the information and fight|Police Lieutenant Colonel attacked soldiers Claiming sick-do not know what disease is "together the power". Post is not surprised. Prepare to leverage the new information. Fight in the case of female soldiers. Report the complaint After being exposed to the female police officer Claiming to be the wife of the senator who is an employer Blurred physical assault The latest incident occurred in Ratchaburi province today (20 Aug 65), Pol. Ratchaburi Police Station In which the inquiry official will report the allegations of the offense "Being a civil servant for unlawful benefits from the enforcement of labor or service By rape other people to work or provide services by fear that it will be harmful to life, body, freedom, reputation, or property of that person itself or others, with business procurement, buying, selling from or sending to where Definitely detention Arrange to live or accept any person by intimidating the force, abusing the deceived and abusing power Use the power to dominate the people as a cause in disadvantaged, mental, mental, or wrong ways. Threatening to use legal processes illegally Or by giving money or other benefits to the parents or the caretaker For parents or caretakers Providing consent to offenders In the pursuit of benefits from the person they care Which is a guilty of human trafficking and physical assault that causes harm to the body or mind. During that time, the reporter added that the police officers of the police officers were notified to the media, not allowed to record their pictures in all cases. By today, the person wears a pink T -shirt Black pants With a black long -sleeved shirt covering Also wearing a cap as well Initially referred to There are symptoms that are unable to control their emotions periodically. And have a medical certificate from a hospital to show But can not specify what the symptoms are. Mr. Kanthawong Phaibunwet or "Kanya Power", who helped the female soldiers Post a personal Facebook message stating that "Medical certificates that I am sick, I'm not surprised. Because the soldiers served me from the first day that the boss always claims that I can do anything. You're not wrong because I have a history of treatment. I waited for the card to be turned up. Tomorrow I have good things to wait. It has just started "In addition," Powers "also posted more information. Regarding congenital diseases that cannot be served in the police Which consists of Psychiatric patient Severe neurosis is a dumb, not clear, brain dementia and epilepsy, while people in online communities also monitor that the female soldiers are attacked. How to proceed on this issue?
The famous page asks the police officer. The woman claims to be sick. Who issued the certificate of "Lawyer Decha" repeatedly, this case could not be claimed.|20 August 2022, after the 43 -year -old woman. Ratchaburi Police Station After the former female soldier Which is a soldier to report the complaint That the police officer, Ying Kornsaw, who was an employer, physically assaulted by the police. They are sick. Unable to control his own emotions periodically And have a medical certificate from a hospital to show But cannot specify what the symptoms are. The Drama-Addict fan page posted a comment on the case, "Ask until the police investigated in detail that the medical certificate states that the accused controlled the emotions. Didn't it be released by the psychiatrist? "While many netizens asked In the event that the accused is sick But why was it possible to enter the police? And if the issuance of a medical certificate is abnormal The certificate must be guilty. Mr. Decha Kittiwittayanan Post a message via the lawyer fan page to relieve suffering, stating that "The Police Lieutenant Colonel Ying admitted that he was actually attacking the military. But claiming that he was crazy Will not be liable Can't claim because as you committed that offense, you can still Knowing badly Therefore do not enter the exception under Section 65 "
The 20 -year -old boy was brutal.Lung patching bullets-genitals|The 20 -year -old boy was brutal. Lung patching bullets-genitals The girl friend who came together was shot by the reporter reported that at 02.00 hrs. (19 Aug 65), Capt. Dusit Phongphan, the investigative officer. Phang Nga Police Station Was informed that There was a shooting at PTT Bathroom, Khao Chang, Phang Nga Municipality. Therefore entered and inspected Police Colonel Kaekkhan Nikornhaschai, Police Colonel Prachaphet Phanphan, Deputy Director of Police, Pol.Col. . Phang Nga City Police Colonel Prawit Heng Chuan, Director of Investigation, Phang Nga Provincial Police Station, Investigation Division 8, knowing that the injured is Miss Mind, about 18 years old, students in high school. Phang Nga technique Was shot with a module firearm. And the genitals were seriously taken to the treatment at Phang Nga Hospital and was forwarded to Wachira Phuket Hospital, Miss Paeng, aged about 19 years, the 2nd students' internship, was shot with weapons. Unknown gun The bullet entered the shoulder area. The symptoms were not seriously taken to Phang Nga Hospital. From the investigation, after Miss Mind and Miss Paeng returned from a restaurant in Phang Nga city. Late at night Went to the bathroom of PTT gas station, Khao Chang, Phang Nga Municipality With Mr. Chakkaphong or Opo, about 20 years old, who was a girlfriend and Miss Mind, the injured, riding a motorcycle Enter the gas station at the scene and pull the firearm along the temporary bathroom in the pump. (The bathroom inside the pump is being repaired.) When Miss Mind left the bathroom, Mr Opor fired at 2 matches, then turned the mouth of the gun at Hua Ying, Miss Paeng 4 shots but ran away. Escape until the shoulder was injured. The investigation was learned that Mr Chakkaphong or Opo was the fan of Ms. Mind before the incident, with frequent arguments and quarrels. Until there is a tendency to break up for about a week In addition, Mr Opor has a case waiting for the court to decide in the case of stabbing the officers until injured. Latest Mr. Opor Have escaped, still do not know the escape route While the officers accelerated the investigation team closely following Mr Opor. As well as requesting approval to arrest the court
Salon shop ownerStabbed the famous actors in the middle of the mall, quarreling the wrong haircut|Salon shop owner Stabbed the husband and wife, who was a star actor, a famous drama in the middle of the mall in front of the child after arguing about the wrong haircut (20 Aug 65). At 15.00 hrs. Pak Khlong Rangsit Notified of the death of 2 people at the scene in front of the KFC shop in the Tesco Lotus Department Store, Bang Kadi Branch, Bang Kadi Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District, Pathum Thani Province. The incident, along with Col. Jatuporn Kongmuang, Director of Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station A number of investigative officers Doctors, Forensic Science, Ministry of Justice Volunteers of the Por Tek Tung Foundation at the scene of the KFC shop, found 2 deaths, known as Miss Warisara, 41 years old, with 1 wound pierced under the left milk. 40 -year -old Mr. Wiraphong, a wound, stabbed with a knife in the left neck, 1 wound, both of them were husband and wife, and a star actor "Fah Mee Ta" and the husband is also an independent trainer. While the floor of the product has a long -lasting blood, officials have to protect the area to wait for the inspection of the involved staff. While the users and the department store staff were still in a panic, while the cause of the incident had fled. Ms. Kat, 34, an employee, made me testify that while he was in front of the shop Found On Thursday past The deceased with her husband Came to do hair at the hair salon at the shop Which is opposite the scene, but the shop makes the same style that the deceased wants and has a solution that day, but still not satisfied Today, the deceased traveled with her 8 -year -old husband and daughter who survived. In order for the shop to solve the shape and be responsible for the matter In which he negotiated that he would be responsible for everything But the deceased also said that if he didn't talk about it today Because it will talk about each other But not yet finished talking to the owner of the shop, who was the incident, called in, so told him to come to the shop until the time passed. Step Therefore talked violently And the deceased also said that he would sue the Headquarters of the Captain Head Office to hire a lawyer to sue, but he didn't know what to report. The cause of the crime said what to take. Are you not satisfied? When he saw it again, he saw that The owner of the shop, then uses a sharp knife to stab the woman on the right frame. Before falling down, then turned and stabbed through the man until it fell After that, the culprit who was holding a knife ran away in front of the door. Then ran away. After that, the man ran and flooded his body to call for a person to help until the blood dropping a long way before collapsing to the side of his girlfriend and died. He then wrapped the daughter of the deceased and informed the police. Kwang, 27 years old. On that day, he cut it to the deceased, not cleft or anything. After cutting for a moment, the deceased said that this is not too short. I still say that if it's too short, you can go to fix another branch. The deceased went, with another branch set up because I was not cleared. But the deceased still came back and not fascinated by themselves He raised his hand and apologized to him. But the deceased wants to meet the shop owner Until the incident occurred, Mr Chuchat, aged 60, after knowing the matter, then traveled to the scene and immediately wrapped his niece. Ready to reveal that My daughter came to cut my hair at this shop by pointing out the shop to look like a mobile phone. On the day of my daughter's hair, a long hair, but when looking up, I found that I was short and not the desired style. And he knew that yesterday, his daughter traveled to the scene and had a talk with the shop owner Which the shop owner said that you hurriedly left my shop Get out of the mall. If I go back, you will die. Today, the daughter came again to clear why yesterday, why have to curse on the phone. But when he spoke a few words, the culprit said that the cause of the incident came out immediately. The Police Lieutenant Colonel poet helped to build the police investigation. Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station revealed that The examination of the incident occurred as evidence and interrogated the witness at the scene of the CCTV and the investigation department urged the criminal to prosecute urgently and the Por Tek Tung Foundation to bring the dead body. Thammasat Hospital Chalermprakiet In order to wait for the kith and kin to receive the body back to perform merit
Receive the body of the 20th Mount Barb of the B. B., seriously hurt because of protecting the juniors.Until the fire throwing the whole back|From the shocking duties Fire, entertainment, Mountain, Village No. 7, Pluta Luang Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province. There are now 20 people who have died, with the death of 13 incidents after 7 hospitals and there are Injured Which is currently being treated in the hospital now, a total of 24 cases, which have serious symptoms, must put 9 respiratory pipes, can return home, amount 11 cases today (20 Aug 65) at the pavilion of the Phra Aphitham funeral Wat Rangsi, Sontthorn 5, Sattahip District, Chon Buri Province, Mr. Thanarat Bowonsuwan, 52 years old, with his family and relatives, brought the body of Mr. Papan Bowonsuwan, 50 years old, who was injured by the fire. Pub Mountain Before dying later at Chon Buri Hospital at 13.19 hrs. Of 19 August 2018, who died in the 20th of this fire. Moved to perform religious ceremonies In the midst of the sadness of the parents and relatives of the deceased, with the chanting of the metaphysics of 5 nights and the cremation of the funeral on August 25, 65. Mr Thanarat Bowonsuwan, 52 years old The dead man said Thank you for the encouragement in many ways that I have donated blood. Which has both friends Located in the south and many provinces sent Even if you don't get But can help many other injured people As a merit By chanting the metaphysics of 5 nights and has a cremation ceremony On Thursday on August 25, at 16.00 hrs. Usually, his brother is in Sattahip District. And he will work in another province Just that day, he returned to take his mother. At Sattahip District, go to my house in Bangkok. He will have a duty to send. Which that day he returned to Sattahip About midnight At that moment his friend called And persuaded him to find By parked the car on the side of the road In order to find a friend for a short while, knowing that he had finished checking the back and was about to walk out The moment he escaped There are juniors who go together. Therefore took the flame And straddling Therefore causing a fire in the back Before he smashed the glass around the front door And there is a flame following Before going down to the ground, the power outage after that The younger brother was sent to Sattahip Hospital, Km. 10. The first brother was burned, causing the wound. Lots of back and bottom But the hospital informed that about 40% of the body before coordinating to Chon Buri Hospital because there is a specialist doctor to be better. But the younger brother is fat But you have a matter of sugar in the body Which the wound did not get more than this But there are internal problems Combined with his large and obese size There is a high kidney problem. And the digestive system And what caused him to die Is severe infection in the bloodstream Before the heart stopped beating Which the doctor tries to help fully Before the younger brother died, after the incident, the owner of the pub gave a preliminary amount of 10,000 baht to the fuel cost to take care of the patient and the second time gave an additional 20,000 baht after the younger. The man died. The agent contacted him in order to give 50,000 baht to the funeral. If asked if he was satisfied Definitely not satisfied Because the younger brother is a pillar in finding a family Which has an eldest son In the 3rd year university. And see how the shopkeeper will heal Would have the law to proceed Must see how much humanitarian is humanitarian Because the family has lost family leaders Which does not know how the family will live
Military relatives are hurt, protecting the police. Female, like VIP, but the victim takes care of herself.|Female military relatives Saw a picture of a protection of the police. The police explained the rights of the accused (20 Aug 65). Reporters reported that After the birth of 2, the female police supervised the police at the police officers. After returning from searching the guesthouse Within Soi Petchkasem 15, Village No. 4, Khok Mo Subdistrict, Mueang District, Ratchaburi Province to assemble the case Which is the same rhythm that the sister, along with the mother and relatives to see Causing the relatives to become out of the neutrality of the police. This evening at 18.30 hrs. Mr. Kanthawong Phaibunvej or Kantom Power traveled to the police station in Ratchaburi After being informed by relatives, the victims of the former military servants that were attacked by the Lieutenant Colonel That the police have different VIP detainees from other suspects And tried to avoid the media in the power of the representative of the victim's relatives Before revealing that In the event that the accused claims to be sick They are considered not beyond expectations. Because before this, the victim had told him that The accused once said that "I am a madman to do anything wrong." And he already thought that the accused had to turn this card. When the cause of the cause of this kind of claim He is ready to open some information and important evidence tomorrow. Despite being evidence to argue about illness And evidence that unfolds the police officers that are not transparent. The police have VIP detain The relatives told him that he felt hurt. Because the victim who had to travel back late after interrogation No protection Have to travel home alone Different from taking care of the accused today When asked if today will submit an objection to bail or not, you said that if the culprit was bailed in the inquiry official He will ask the inquiry official and the supervisor about the bail. Including guaranteeing the safety of the victims While the accused was bail But if guaranteed in court The lawyer team will continue to submit an objection at the court. The injured relatives stated that the accused brought a medical certificate claiming that he was ill. He did not believe because if he was a sick person, why could he be able to serve? As for the accused, confessing and reminiscent of what happened. Relatives saw that it was just a claim that he didn't feel guilty from the heart. Because if remorse would not be this time, which, throughout the past 2 years, has continuously harm the victims If conscious, it must be conscious since that time. As for the prosecution, he was worried that he would not be fair. Because today I don't know that he will surrender But confident in the team Power and lawyer Which until now has not been apologized by the culprit And today, the inquiry officials are separated In order not to face Ready to admit that there is concern if the culprit has been bailed in the inquiry official since this happened. It was reported that there was a influence. Coordinating from revealing this story from the first day. The second day was coordinated. Please reveal this gently. No need to expand the results to other people. Until the latest, a certain amount of money was proposed. In order to end the said matter in Police Colonel Thanin Chatcharoenporn, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Police Station, Muang Ratchaburi Police Station In which the police explained to this media that The police are not worth the VIP accused. But it was the purpose of the accused That does not want the media to take pictures Which is the right to request
Surrendered. The owner of the shop was stabbed with the drama, "2 bodies with a knife used to cause the incident.|The owner of the hand -haired shop, stabbed the actors of the famous actor, extinguished 2 bodies, surrendered and repeatedly stunned the knife in front of the 8 -year -old daughter of the deceased, from the case of Mr. Prasat or Lek, 51, the owner of the hair salon. Which is located inside the famous department store, Bang Kadi Branch, Bang Kadi Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District, Pathum Thani Province, which uses a knife to stab Ms. Warisara, 41 years old and Mr. Weerapong Age 40 years, two husbands, wives, a short star "Fah Mee Eye" until died in front of the daughter of the 8 -year -old dead. The incident occurred at 15.00 hrs. On 20 August. Reporters reported that yesterday (20 Aug) at 22.30 hrs. Mr. Prasat or Lek, 51 years old, the owner of the hair salon. Surrendered to Pol.Lt.Gen. Kawan to help build the police officer at Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station, the owner of the case, along with the weapon, a sharp, gray color, 35 centimeters long, Mr. Prasat The shop owner made the hair testifying that The deceased came to do hair with the shop and there was a little problem. And not yet ready to provide any information All basic Police officers have coordinated with the Office of Forensic Science Institute of Justice to inspect the weapons used and fingerprints in order to assemble the case of Pol.Col. Gave the police to be in detail And report the allegations 1. Kill others intentionally 2. Portable to take weapons, knives to the city, village or public way. Do not have reason. And continue to prosecute legal proceedings
Open mind to the barber revealed the knot of the duties.The owner of the shop stabbed the drama, "|Open -minded barber, the owner of the shop Died in the middle of the mall, 2 people, because the customer is not happy Clean the haircut in the case of Mr. Prasat or Lek, 51 years old, the owner of the hair salon Which is located inside the famous department store, Bang Kadi Branch, Bang Kadi Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District, Pathum Thani Province, which uses a knife to stab Ms. Warisara, 41 years old and Mr. Weerapong Age 40 years, two husbands, wives, a short star "Fah Mee Ta" until died in front of the daughter of the 8 -year -old dead. The incident occurred at 15.00 hrs. C.) The list of Saturday Sunday, Channel 3 reported that the barber named Kat testified that on Thursday The woman died and made me at the shop. But the shop makes it not exactly what the woman died. There was a solution to that day. But the customer is still not satisfied Therefore it is recommended to go to solve the hair at another store in Pathum Thani Customers are not yet satisfied. Another day of the incident. The deceased comes with a 8 -year -old husband and daughter, who is survivors. For the shop to solve the shape and be responsible I went to negotiate that it would be responsible for everything. But the deceased said that if he didn't talk to each other, he would not return. During that time, Mr. Prasarn, the owner of the shop I then told the shop owner to enter the shop. And have a conversation But the nature of the conversation violently In which the deceased said that he would sue the headquarters of the department store that is the location of the shop to sue the OCPB to hire a lawyer to sue Which they do not know what the customer will report Before Mr Prasat shouted what else would be taken The deceased was still not happy to see again. The owner used a knife to stab the woman's frame first. After that, stab the man Then held a knife and ran away. While the man ran and flooded the body to call for people to help until the blood dropping a long way Before collapsing beside his girlfriend and died He then wrapped the daughter of the deceased with him to not see the tragic image. The hair salon employee who was a haircut to the deceased testified that on that day, he cut to the deceased was not cleared or anything. After cutting for a moment, the deceased said that this is not too short. I still say that if it's too short, you can go to fix another branch, which the deceased went. In which another branch set up Because I was not cleared But the deceased still came back to the shop again He raised his hand and apologized. But the deceased wants to meet the shop owner Until the shop owner came to talk Until the tragedy occurred
Resentment was beaten by marijuana!Lady girl grabbed a knife, stabbed her boyfriend.|The young lathe was grabbed by a second girlfriend. Confessed to be pungent by marijuana, heading back at 12.00 hrs. On August 21, 2022, Capt. Suphan at the line, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation), Bangkok Yai Police Station Notified of a quarrel with deaths Within a lathe Which is located between Soi Petchkasem 4-6, Wang Tha Phra Subdistrict Bangkok Yai District Bangkok therefore went to inspect with Pol.Col. Chapasak Sak Singthong, SSO, Bangkok Yai Police Station, with investigation department. Bangkok Yai Police Station And the Forensic Medicine, Siriraj Hospital and Volunteer Por Tek Tung Foundation, the scene of a 3 -story commercial building on the 3rd floor, found a 19 -year -old Mr. Atthawirut's body, wearing long -sleeved jeans Black does not wear a shirt, found a wound, stabbed into the hill on the right side. With weapons, knives, pests, spikes, spikes with a length of about 10 cm, which falls at the scene Officials then tried to do CPR, pump the heart, but it was not a later death. As for the culprit, Mr. Cher Phatthara is a Udon. Which is a transsexual girl of the deceased Stand and wait for the officer to the authorities. In the cry Investigation Officer Bangkok Yai Police Station invited him to investigate at the police station. Moved out, just came back for 2-3 days, then argued with an argument. While the deceased eats marijuana and drinking a lot of cottage water And quarreling before the incident about 1 hour before the deceased side used a hemp to bamboo Hit the side of the crime Until the cause of the incident, anger, using a sharp knife to pierce the right hill until unconscious After that, the culprit then called the male mother. And the stepfather came to see the scene before coordinating the rescue After the officer detained the culprit to the police station, spoke about the reason for doing because "The deceased uses a bong" and does not answer any questions. Mr Tharathorn is 28 years old (the deceased stepfather) revealed that he received a call from the deceased mother to help. When he arrived he saw that the stepson was stabbed but still breathing. And the type of girlfriend is also inside the room Therefore trying to rescue to help as soon as possible As for the cause of the quarrel, he did not know why Since arriving, it was found that the incident occurred. Initially, the officers reported the allegations of Mr. Cherphat (the culprit) on charges of "killing others" to send to the inquiry official. Bangkok Yai Police Station To prosecute according to the law As for the dead body, sent to an autopsy at the National Forensic Service. Siriraj Hospital before coordinating relatives to take back to perform religious ceremonies.
The victim's mother, the owner of the shop, the hair is skeptical!Why do you have to do this?Worried about the grandchildren|The parents of the couple, who were large or small, 51 years old, Pimmy Hair Salon hair salon, located in the Lotus Department Store, Bang Kadi Branch, Bang Kadi Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District. Pathum Thani Province Travel to the Forensic Science Institute, Thammasat Hospital, Chalermprakiet Hospital, Khlong Nueng Subdistrict, Khlong Luang District, Pathum Thani Province, at 14.30 hrs. On Sunday (21 Aug) to contact the body to perform religious merit -making By traveling with the two daughters of the deceased. I can't do anything. Both of them have never had a story with anyone. It's just a little bit. Should be forgiven. But this loss should not happen. She wanted to meet the culprit, would like to ask why this must be done. Mrs. Rawiwan revealed that as far as talking to the police Both of them didn't fight or anything. Arrived and stabbed It's cruel, intends to cause an incident. The knife is not in the shop. There is a place outside the shop. Importantly, the grandchildren, who always see the event, have to be impressed for a long time, now the grandchildren are still confused about who to be with anyone after this, but normally the grandchildren are with their parents and have a house next to each other. Will have more relationships with this way The body of his son will take back to his hometown. Chiang Rai Province, the 60 -year -old patriotism, the father of another deceased revealed that he didn't want to see the criminal's face. Because the action was too cruel As for the grandchildren in the event After this, there was another 20 -year -old older sister who would take care. However, there must be another conversation. But normally go between their own homes and their parents' houses Continue to say Her own daughter is the main force of the family, making money to take care of everyone in the family. I know that the cause of this incident was because my child said that if he didn't talk to the end, he would report the matter at the headquarters. The culprit then said that he would lose his name and therefore caused the incident. I want the police to prosecute. As for the body of her daughter, it will be used to perform merit at Wat Tien to the Ban Mai Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District. Pathum Thani Province, Ping Pong, 20 years old, the eldest daughter gave an interview that Mother complained to her that she had cut short hair. But it's too short Which I don't like my mother to cut my hair anyway And only knew that he had argued with the shop owner But didn't know that it would be this big The shop owner fired from the shop. Which the date of the story I didn't know that my mother would go to the shop because my mother called to see the house. Because I will buy a house for my mother to see about the document, while I drive to turn into work at Lat Phrao area There was a phone call that he did not receive. And called again at the end of the line, not the voice of the younger But it was the voice of the staff in that area as it was with Nong Prae He said that he was a sister. And she said that Papa and mother were stabbed I hurried to drive. And he said that his mother did not survive He didn't know if the mother went to this shop often. Normally, the mother of long hair But came to cut the shoulder Which the mother was shouting The shop will be responsible, but his mother refuses. In which the parents are very calm But don't know how to talk And my mother got a picture of me to see
Pinky may be in prison for 50,000 years. Forex-3D case. The Kendo News MC explained the unfolding program.|Kendo-Kriengkai Mahajanasunthorn, news host, released the GMM25 channel on Friday (19 Aug) and explained the chain sharing case Forex-3D Sawika Chaiyadet, a famous actor May be in prison up to 50,000 years. This news program host That has followed the case since the beginning of the year 2019, which is the period when the injured person has complained to government agencies to protect Revealed that although this case has not yet been sentenced, Pinky Sawika and family members Imprisoned while waiting for the trial. Therefore, it is possible that it may be imprisoned to the court to consider the case of Pinky, mother and brother, one of the 19 people who are imprisoned after being ordered by the prosecutor to sue with the court. By allegations of being involved in the chain sharing case, which the Criminal Court of Ratchadaphisek Road In Bangkok Not allowed to bail Pinky, mother and brother on Thursday (18 Aug) because he was afraid that he would escape. Because this case has many victims And there is an enormous amount of damage. As for the allegations that the prosecutor ordered, there are many allegations. Which has fraud and violation of the Computer Crime Act Included with Kendo News host Revealed in the show that The case of the fraud of the public may be cheated. 1 person may be imprisoned for 5 years. Therefore, if there are about 10,000 victims, it may go to jail for up to 50,000 years. However, the law can imprison the fraud for no more than 20 years, so it may be punished. 20 years, which is one of the cases that do not reduce the same penalty as the rape case. Must depend on the fight in court whether it is true or not
Hi -so girl opens the clip of the DJ famousUnfolding more than 2 years of practice, not even pregnantParents, husbands know but do not help.|Hi -so girl sang the page. Being hit by a former husband, the son of a famous DJ Hurt for more than 2 years, broke up and invaded the house Threatening to kill the kitchen yesterday (22 Aug) Facebook fan page Survive - Sai Mai must survive, revealed that he received a complaint from Miss Thany Smith or Belle Hi -Soo traveled to ask for help. After being hit by a former husband, Mr. Chawit, the youngest son of a famous DJ Body attack by practicing slap for over 2 years and posting events video clips Clip of the closing circuit while the ex -husband invaded and tried to break the door to enter the house. Until the people who saw the incident had to help With a still image of the body that had been attacked by Belle Hi -So, a young lady saying that he was a husband and wife with Mr Chawit. The famous DJ son for 2 years, has 1 child together, which throughout the time of being a husband and wife. Being attacked by her husband Beginning with the beginning of the first 6 months, he began to be assaulted. Which at that time decided to break up but when separated I came to know that I was pregnant with Mr. Chawit. Therefore giving Mr Chawit the opportunity to show his father Come back together again But Mr Chawit still attacked his body as before Even when he was still in pregnancy Carrying the child of Mr. Chawis himself Still being heavily assaulted during pregnancy Mr Chawit also went to the game show. In which the content about the partner of single people Which made himself very sad And when talking about it, he will always be assaulted by themselves. Break up to their own home And trying to break the door to enter the house With the father and mother of Mr. Chawis walking along the way as well But cannot stop anything, nobility Also stated that in many times the self -beat The male and mother's parents are always agreed. But never able to help himself even once. As for the cause of self -assault From what I have observed And the ex -husband used to confess is the problem of using substance abuse Because he had seen the nose of the man with white powder on And the man often had the same symptoms of the eyes, irritated, frustrated in matters that are not a big deal or suddenly dissatisfaction, then use the violence. Including the daughter of the person who used to have with the old family Was threatened by Mr Chawit when he was crazy about it. In the latest yesterday evening, Mr Chawit invaded him again. After separating the house for a while By claiming that he did not let the children meet Which is not true this time, so decided to stand up and ask to proceed with Mr Chawit Because he thought that the family of the ex -husband could not proceed by himself And has always been sided with his son Therefore decided to travel to ask for help in the silk page. The founder of the silk page must survive. Prepare to bring the victim to meet today (22 Aug) at 10:00 am to make a complaint to the Ministry of Justice to help coordinate the Commander in Chief to investigate why the investigation officers in each time the victims were attacked. Therefore do not progress As a result, the victim has to be repeatedly attacked and the injured person has submitted the case into the witness protection process as the victim in the criminal case.
The owner of the shop has opened the mouth and the knot is out of 2 bodies. The incident occurred from a haircut 250 baht.|The shop owner made the hair confessing to stab the celebrity. Claiming the deceased Pull the knife to pierce 1 time. In the case of Mr. Prasat or Lek, 51 years old, the owner of the hair salon Which is located inside the famous department store, Bang Kadi Branch, Bang Kadi Subdistrict, Mueang Pathum Thani District, Pathum Thani Province, which uses a knife to stab Ms. Warisara, 41 years old and Mr. Weerapong Age 40 years, two husbands, wives, a short star "Fah Mee Ta" until died in front of the daughter of the 8 -year -old dead. The incident occurred at 15.00 hrs. C.) At 09.00 hrs. At Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station, Pol.Col. Poet, helped build the police investigation. Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station revealed that today there will be Mr. Prasat or Lek, 51 years old. The incident of the use of weapons, knives, stabbed the customers who came to use the hair salon, died in 2 bodies to be imprisoned, with the use of video conferencing, which knew that today's wife had to submit to the court to request. The husband bail is 1 million baht, but the penalty rate that the accused will serve the insurance limit of only five hundred thousand baht. If the court does not allow bail, will be taken to be locked at the Pathum Thani Provincial Court. If the court approves the bail, there will be temporary release at Pak Khlong Rangsit Police Station, Mr. Prasat Confessed that From talking to the deceased by phone Found that the deceased had to let the shop pay or straighten the hair for themselves to think about how to stretch because I have already cut Which has a phone conversation I didn't want to go to the shop because I didn't want to see his face until the day of the incident, there was a telephone conversation. And he said that the deceased left the shop now Because this is like a haircut, 250 baht. The shop itself invested in millions of baht before he riding a motorcycle. Came to the shop and found that both of them stood in front of the shop and had a conversation In which the deceased said that he would sue the mall And there is a lawyer to sue So he said that he wanted to die? Then the woman came to herself. He then pulled the kitchen knife that was prepared in the pants 1 time before the man came in. He then stabbed 1 more time before both of them fell. After that, he rode a motorcycle to escape. And surrendered to the police
Part 2 can start!"Uncle Charoon" goes back to "Teacher Preecha-Lawyer" sued the lies of 30 million lottery cases|Today (23 Aug), the court made an appointment to investigate the plaintiff's witness, 30 million lottery, which previously Mr. Preecha meditated or Teacher Preecha as the plaintiff filed a lawsuit. Police Lieutenant Colonel Charoon Wimul or Uncle Caroon for an misappropriation of property and receiving robbers. Including more than 10 other cases and has been fighting in court for over 5 years until the latest on June 7. Kanchanaburi Provincial Court has read the verdict of the Supreme Court. Standing according to the judgment of the Court of First Instance and the Court of Appeal Removing Uncle Charoon Causing other cases that Teacher Preecha sued Uncle Charoon Was dismissed as well. The 30 million lottery case 2 started to open again. Today, Kanchanaburi Provincial Court Have an appointment to investigate the plaintiff In the case of Police Lieutenant Colonel Charoon Wimul, the plaintiff filed a lawsuit against Teacher Preecha contemplating and lawyer Worayut Boonwongsai, the lawyer of Teacher Preecha, for a joint offense, prosecuting others to be punished by Uncle Charoon, along with his daughter's wife. Lawyer Tum and the Arkom lawyer Traveled to the Kanchanaburi Provincial Court with anxious smile In which the lawyer Tum gave an interview to the media that Brought the audio clip that Teacher Preecha talked to his wife and has the importance that Teacher Preecha didn't go to the Red City market. To buy a lottery set that was rewarded on October 31, 2017, as claimed But even though he knew that he had not actually bought, he still reported the prosecution to Uncle Charoon. Which is considered a clear lawsuit Believe that it will definitely be able to condone with Teacher Preecha and the lawyer After the interview is finished Uncle Charoon, along with the lawyer team and his family, immediately walked up to the trial room, while Mr. Worayuth Bunwongsai, the lawyer of Teacher Preecha Traveled to the court alone With a serious expression and bringing a large case Before hurrying to the trial room without giving any interviews to the media before the same time Teacher Preecha will walk from the other side of the court door with a new lawyer. Which will clearly notice that Teacher Preecha has a stressful expression. And refused to give any interviews to the media. When the media asked if he stopped using the lawyer of Worayut Teacher Preecha responded only a briefly that there are many lawyers. Before hurrying to walk into the trial room immediately
The young man quarreled.Scramble for the police gunFinally, the extraordinary police died.|At 8:00 pm, last night (23 Aug), the police of Nakhon Chai Si police station The mad man who took the police gun to shoot in the police until all Max. Finally, the police died. Parking area In front of the car robbery center in Nakhon Chai Si police station, Nakhon Pathom Province, who was a 38 -year -old man, wearing a red -blooded red T -shirt Wearing black pants Wear slippers According to the physical inspection, the wound was shot in the body and head, a total of 8 matches near each other. Found 1 Sigsawa 365 firearm. A total of 25 ammunition shells fell into a total of 25 officers. In addition, there are also 3 police cars damaged. Pol. Maj. Gen. Chomchawin Puraputhanon, Ph.D., Nakhon Pathom Province, revealed that from the preliminary inquiry. Know that the deceased drove a pickup truck in one episode Blue Toyota brand, Phitsanulok registration Came to park and sit in front of Nakhon Chai Si police station since morning to request to sleep overnight The reason for having home problems Because he just had an argument with his wife Throughout the day that the deceased was sitting There is no abnormal attitude in any way. "Before the incident, Pol. Col. Sompong Khanon, 55 years old, position of Nakhon Chai Si police station. Walked to the car and opened the end. Suddenly the deceased walked in from the back Then took the firearm away from the waist, causing Col. Sompong to run to escape the side of the police, who saw the incident, persuaded the dead to put the gun down But the deceased shot the garden at the officer until all Max Before being shot by the police to protect himself until causing death Initially expected to be caused by accumulated stress. Who quarreled with his wife until the problem And escaped from home Combined with work and expenses Until causing the said madness. "The police chief of Nakhon Pathom Province Basic revealing Police officers sent the dead body to the autopsy at Nakhon Pathom Hospital And invited the police to shoot against the criminal And in all events Conducting an investigation with the prosecutor And the administrative department As well as seizing firearms for inspection To proceed with the legal procedures
The victims sing DSI, Chiang Mai after sharing a chain to invest in crypto.Lost billions|Reports from Chiang Mai said that at the Special Operations Center, Area 5, Department of Special Investigation, Mueang District, Chiang Mai Province About 20 preliminary victims brought the evidence to complain to the Department of Special Investigation (DSI) on Wednesday (24 August) from being tricked into investing with a company in Chiang Mai. Claiming to run the purchase of electronic coins (Crimecore NC) and the mining of the Bitcoin. Each victim has been damaged from 30,000 baht to 100,000 baht or more, as well as many millions of baht that have been damaged. And prepare to continue singing with the staff It is evaluated that the number of both small and large victims should have thousands of people. The damage value of over 1,700 million baht. Initially, the authorities received the matter and opened for other victims. Can bring more evidence Then will gather the information To consider that the rules In the proceedings as a special case or not, one victim revealed that it was persuaded by acquaintances to invest with the company, which has been opened for investment starting from 30,000 baht to millions of baht. Dividends are 10-15% of the contract profit. According to the value of the investment, this victim continues to say that in their own part, it began to invest 100,000 baht in May 2022 and during the first 2 months, they received dividends until the latest company. Did not pay dividends to the contract and found that there are a lot of investors who are in the same problem When inquiring, the company did not receive a clear answer and evaded all the time. Therefore believe that this company should be a trick to invest as if sharing a chain And the victims have gathered together to request fairness and Help from relevant government agencies from assessment Believe that there will be victims in Chiang Mai And thousands of people all over the country And with a billions of damages, the news reports that the company Registered as a limited partnership in the year 2019 with a registered capital of 500,000 baht, specifying the objectives of registration That operating a hired business Website development Received the domain name later in 2022, just registered as a company. With a registered capital of 500,000 baht, the objective is to register that Website development Registration of domain names The rental service on the computer. However, the owner of the founder of the company that persuaded the joint venture often claimed to make electronic funds and use computer equipment to dig a cryptocurrency coin. With a post and luxury lifestyle, including Sports Super Car, profit from investment And doing business Which has been opened for others to invest in the year 2020 until the last 2-3 months Start the problem of Pay dividends to investors And leading to the integration of the victims requesting fairness to the Department of Special Investigation. As for the founders of the company, there is still movement via social media that they do not escape and are trying to solve the problem to Bring money to investors
Mac monument robbered a casino in Din Daeng area, swept 3 hundred thousand sq. police.Request to check first|Survive page - Sai Mai must survive Posted a clip on the page The content in the clip has a period of 0.22 minutes and specify the text that urgently! #Follow! "Mac Monument", a close friend "Tiger Dusit" after the incident, swinging a gun, robbing a large casino after the Din Daeng flat, slapped in front of Sia Pae & Sia Jack, the owner of a spacious casino carrying almost 300,000 baht to escape! The morning of the morning, 24 August 2018, by the silk page, must survive. Also posting the face of the offender And stated that "Mac Monument" wielding a single gun, robbing the casino after the Din Daeng flat Large beans in the middle of the city Sweeping almost 300,000 baht in cash on the morning of 24 Aug 65, the rumor! The cause because of millions of play Even being overlooked by the casino Refusing to raise his hand and therefore had to rob the casino as a large bean casino There are a lot of male and female gamblers going to play. While the gambler was gambling The culprit holding the gun Ready to intimidate everyone Causing the gamblers to run out without thinking Before the offender sweeps all the money, which is expected to have nearly 300,000 baht, leap away It took less than 1 minute to cause the incident, while Col. Watcharapol Suwananwong, director of Din Daeng Police Station, revealed to the Channel 3 news team that he would like to investigate what happened first. When asked There is a news confirmation that The casino at the scene behind the Din Daeng flat. Col. Watcharapol stated that he had not yet asked for permission to check first.
Bounce 5 Tiger, Din Daeng Police Station, opened the facts after the "Mac Monument" causing a robbery.|Bounce 5 Tiger, Din Daeng Police Station, help the Civil Service Commission 1 and set up a committee to investigate the monument, the monument caused a robbery in Soi Pracha Songkhro, Police General Chirasan Kaewsang -ek, spokesman for the Metropolitan Police Bureau. Mentioned the case of a robbery in Soi Pracha Songkhro, Din Daeng Police Station, that from the preliminary examination The said reason was occurring in the Din Daeng Police Station, which will be prosecuted in 2 issues. The first is to provide gambling and the second thing is the robbery, which has not yet been reported. The police are investigating the incident. And entered the area to inspect the evidence to follow up and arrest the offender in the event that it appears that There has been a gambling in the area. Most recently, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner has ordered the establishment of a committee to investigate the fact that the police in the area responsible for neglecting or not. And ordered the director of Din Daeng Police Station and 5 responsible persons to perform duties at the Operations Center Metropolitan Police Division 1 from today In order to investigate the facts and transparency. The casino has information that Open for gambling for a long time The staff are in the process of inspecting. But initially learned that before This place is open as a snooker table. And may be adjusted later Which has to wait for the true inspection results again Which the committee set up to investigate the facts It is expected that it will take about 10 days, it will be able to clarify the facts to the society. As for the detainees of the robbery, when asked if the police found that the offender appeared. Will be able to detain immediately or not. Police Lieutenant General Jirasan said that because it is not an offense The operation must be in accordance with the legal procedures. Meaning that the evidence must be collected and arrested according to the steps But if the offender wants to surrender, it can be done. And if the police found that the evidence has been linked to who Confirm that all prosecution will be prosecuted.
"Mac Monument" afraid of death, Phone Inha "Young Kanchai" Won Kor.|The monument of the monument, the virtue of the money in the Din Daeng area. Got a phone -in into the show, the trend of the talked to the young man, Kanchai said that on the day of the incident, he had a problem with the casino card. Regarding the car keys that he used to mortgage This key has been broken. Have to put the rubber band He had told him many times that he was afraid of breaking. To keep it well But he always hung his waist On the day of the incident, he said that he will redeem tomorrow. Why not take it well? He was not happy. So he would slap the card, but he dodged in time, so he would bring them to help He saw a bad posture. Causing the card to go back At that moment the opportunity Therefore swept the money in the casino for a total of 270,000 baht. Someone tried to charge He threatened the gun. Sounds like a real gun People are scared to break again. He escaped from the casino immediately after his money was riding a motorcycle. Without anyone following Confirm that he does not know who owns the casino. He went to play only. The reason to ask for help today because he is afraid of death That causes all people to suffer I would like to ask for mercy from the Ministry of Justice. Which one is wrong, please go wrong Knowing that they cause people to suffer a lot Confirmed that he had not intended before Mac also gave information that this casino is in the Din Daeng area Pracha Songkhro 8 is open as a casino. Which he has been playing for 2-3 years, but in the past, the casino was closed for a long time Just came back to open the latest report that The Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief of the Commander in Chief 1 set up a committee to investigate the facts. Including the order of 5 bouncy tigers, Din Daeng Police Station to perform duties, Por. 1, Nor. 1, within 25 August to check whether or not it has been neglected.
Unfold the large boundary of the central regionOpen to gamble, mock the lawSia, the owner, claiming to be cleared in every unit|Appeared again, a large casino in the central region Open to gambling openly, the news source reveals the owner of the spacious casino. Claiming all the units, not afraid of being captured by many clips of gamblers, gambling blatantly In which one source sent to reporters From the image that has been prepared to prepare a gambling table With many male and female gamblers surrounded And there are other types of gambling tables That is in the same building This casino is in the area of the central province and belongs to the spacious Sia. Which opened this type of casino in many provinces, the news source stated that the casino is open for many months and a lot of gamblers come to gamble. One day, there are hundreds of gamblers to play. Which the casino owner has paid to those who come to gamble as a persuasion As well as telling the gambler not to be afraid of being arrested Due to clearing all departments Causing a lot of gamblers to play Create problems for many families that are gambling to almost all of the body, which is not very far from the community and there are 24 hours watching with radio communication all the time. The source said that he would like to have an arrest seriously for Sia. It is well -known for gambling master in the central region because it is the owner of a large casino that opened the casino in the area and pretending to be close to the police. Many big people
Hey, really?!Police invaded the Din Daeng casino.Found only empty roomsThere is no CCTV.|In the case of Mac monuments using firearms to penetrate money in the casino in the Din Daeng area, until the release of the Mac hunt. Leading to trends in all circles Referred to the phone in the trend because of fear of being collected Causing the Commander in Chief to order the Commander in Chief 1 to establish a committee to investigate the facts Including the order of 5 tigers, Din Daeng Police Station to perform duties, Por. 1, the latest 1 today (26 Aug), Col. Ekarat Pao -in, Deputy Director General 1 Police Department, Din Daeng Police Station Revealing the case of searching for gambling The area behind Soi Pracha Songkhro 8, which Mr Thanadisai or Mac Monument, 36 years old, caused the robbery of the robbery of nearly 300,000 baht that after the police were notified since the first day, went to inspect. But the period has passed for 15 hours, found inside a empty room There is no gambling device or CCTV. Col. Ekarat continues to see if there will be another search. Currently, the inquiry official Waiting to check the lease of the place And will consider further
The court ordered the 5-year imprisonment "Sia Po" with the wife of the case of inviting online gambling-money laundering.|From the case of the Criminal Court sentenced to 5 years in prison, Sia Po and his wife jointly laundering money and Persuade online gambling In the case of persuading online gambling in 2018, because Sia Po has lived live via Facebook, inviting others to gamble online in their social channels. Mr. Sia Po and Ms. Juthamat committed the wrong lawsuit, sentenced that the two defendants were guilty of the B.E. 2478, Section 12 (2) and the Anti -Money Laundering Act 1999, Section 9 Section 60, Section 60, in accordance with the Criminal Code 83 and the actions of the two defendants are many different offenses to punish all karma as a crime. According to the Criminal Code, Section 91, the base jointly organized 4 gambling, 1 year imprisonment, conspiracy for committing money laundering, money laundering and having committed money laundering because of the reasoning. Punished for jointly laundering money for 1 year, including 5 years of imprisonment. The latest memory has submitted a request to extend the appeal period to the court. After the expiration period From the day of the dating in October 61, the said case of Sia Po-wife Occurred when Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Hakpapan, Commander in Chief of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (at that time) ordered the police officers to prosecute Sia Po and they After the police investigated that Mr Apirak or Sia Po opened Facebook, called "Sia Po Anon", live, persuade others to gamble online in YouTube and share links via LINE. On the Facebook page of Sia Po into the gambling page and found that Sia Po has moved money from bank accounts. Transfer money to people who gamble online into their own pockets. Considered as an offense according to Money Laundering Act Therefore has legal proceedings
The Department of Corrections revealed "Pinky Sawika".Fans in the prison give encouragement.|The Department of Corrections revealed "Pinky Sawika" with a total of 19 people being brought to the first land. Fans in the prison give encouragement, Mr. Sinthaphan, Director -General of the Department of Corrections. Revealing control Pinky-Sawika Chaiyadet together with 19 people, inmates during the trial, tricked into investing in foreign trading Forex-3D after the Criminal Court. Not to bail and submitted in the central female womb since August 18, for the inmates that have been controlled to be 5 women and 14 men, the Department of Corrections has screened for the right-19 And separating the disease in the detention room for 5 days in accordance with the prevention measures to spread the options of the oscilloscope in the prison, without all the cow-19 And brought into the first land, accepting the steps, and Mr Yan also stated that he had not yet received a detailed report from the detainee department. But followed the procedures of controlling regulations, such as haircuts, like all inmates And everyone cooperates with officials as well for the case. At this time, there are no relatives or lawyers coming to contact to meet. But Pinky also has a fan club in prison to encourage
Found the police officer.The father revealed the fortune telling.The past was a serpent.|Found the police officer. Friends revealed a tragic knot Father is sad. Revealed completely, once the fate lacked the reporter reported that today (26 Aug) at 11.00 hrs. Choon Methathip, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Bang Kho Laem Police Station, was notified of the body Police Lieutenant Colonel Suphapong, 24 years old, Commander in Chief of the 5th Kor Kor Kor Kor Kor 1, A. A. A. A. Krungthon Bridge in the middle of the night on 25 August, at the Bang Kho Laem Police Station. Bang Pakok Subdistrict, Rat Burana District, Bangkok, therefore went to inspect with Pol.Col. And volunteers of the Ruam Kanyu Foundation by the corpse Police Lieutenant Colonel Supa Nuphong In a black pants set Sneakers left only on the right side. Wearing watches and silver, so keep it as evidence. Investigating the body, no wound was found, Mr Theera, 55, the father of the deceased revealed that his son was a good -natured. Every time he returned to the house in Mukdahan, he raised his hand to pay respect to the elders from the front of the alley. Come to wash your feet for parents Personally, the phone talks to children every day. The child never told the problem. The son was just married in April at the beginning of the year. He had brought his son to the fortune teller in the village. The fortune teller told his son. In the past, it used to be a serpent. And will die in the waterway Do not approach the water He called to tell his son. And preparing to exorcise this October, but not before the child died first He can only console himself that His life came only for his son's body sent to the autopsy at the police hospital. Tomorrow will go to receive the body back to perform merit at the temple in Mukdahan. Police Lieutenant Colonel Supa Pupong said that the deceased has 3-4 issues. As for the love three love, it is another matter, but most of them are problems in the family. In addition, the deceased also has depression.
shock!Teacher Katae Yeon, the female pupil of elementary school ageTake a photo of a secret-dozens of victims|Invaded the teacher Female pupils Dozens of victims Ready to take pictures of secrets and clips Post on the internet from the case Col. Phan Phet Diamond origin Director of the Police Station, Udon Thani Province Has been coordinated with sexual harassment operations on children on the internet, provincial police, Region 4 that email users (reserved name) @Gmail.com, Mr. Thananya, 31 years old, has uploaded images And video clips via mobile phone Which is the pornographic media of the child, so the search warrant of the Court of Udon Thani at 123/2565 to search the house, found that Mr Thananya's mobile phone There are a lot of objects. And video clips of obscena, 3 girls, which Mr Thananya confessed that Taking pictures of the genitals of 10-11 years old, 10 people, the police reported the charges Occupy child pornography To seek sexual benefits For oneself or others, which is an offense under the Criminal Code, Section 287/1 paragraph one "prosecuting legal proceedings On the morning of August 24, later at 12.00 hrs. On 26 August, Police Lieutenant Siripong Photichaiya, Deputy Investigation Officer, Udon Thani Province The police traveled to meet Mr. Yai (assumed name), 69 years old and Nang Lek (assumed name), 62 years old, the people of Nam Som District, Udon Thani Province, who are grandfather and grandmother. In 10 girls who are indecent In order to investigate more evidence by Mrs. Lek Ya of Miss A (assumed name) testifying that A. A was studying in grade 5 as an activity student. In which the teacher hired Mr Thananya or Art, a school alumni Come to train aerobic dance students I think it's okay. Because Mr Thananya is a transsexual girl Once the practice is finished, there will be a play at home. There was no abnormal thing after Mr Thananya was arrested by the police. In the middle of July, after the aerobics practice Mr Thananya invited him to sleep at home. While sleeping, Mr Thananya forced to take off his clothes. And rubbed the penis And make a call Mr Thananya brought his hand to shut the mouth, do not make loud noises. When the sister returned Therefore ordered to wear clothes and let go home. Do not tell the story that happened to anyone. If you don't believe it will do more intense Which noticed the behavior of the grandchildren changed Will be an aggressive child After he learned the story, he reported to the end of the prosecution. Ms. Noi (assumed name), 32 years old, Mae B (assumed name), 10 years old, grade 4 students said that he was a friend and Relatives and Mr Thananya Which has a tung style Has been a girl since childhood. On August 19, Mr Thananya had eaten a pork pan at home. Finished and came to sleep in the room with him at home Have a daughter to sleep too Did not find anything wrong, even Mr Thananya was arrested. Return to eat pork pan Was touched by Mr Thananya And capture the genitals But not raped yet Because his daughter resisted Which he thought that he had not yet had sexual harassment Therefore not yet reported to the police while Mr. Pravej is 59 years old, a special expert teacher Teaching physical education A school says that Mr Thananya or Art or Teacher Jane is an alumni of the school. Is a transgender girl Have the ability to dance aerobics in 2021, so called to help teach grade 4 and grade 5 to compete in skills and inventions Which won the prize back. In 2022, he called Mr Thananya Come to help teach the juniors again. There are 12 grade 4 students and grade 5 throughout the training of July-August. And could not find something wrong Until the police came to search the house and arrest Therefore know the story Was very shocked The teacher then called all 12 students to inquire. It was found that 10 students were indecent, taking 7 genitals, filming 3 clips of the clips of Miss C (assumed name), 10 years old, grade 5, told. that After the aerobic rehearsal Teacher Jane invited him to sleep at home. In which Teacher Jane brought the water to drink before going to bed After that, he slept deeply. When waking up early, he felt pain in the genitals and stomachs. But never told anyone Until Teacher Jane was arrested Therefore told the police. Diamond origin Director of the Police Station, Udon Thani Province Has been coordinated with sexual harassment operations on children on the internet, provincial police, Region 4 that the child clips have been uploaded to approve the search warrant for the Udon Thani Provincial Court. Bring the search warrant for Mr Thananya's house. And seized mobile phones, found more than 4,000 still images, most of them are girls And there are clips for children to take off their clothes, take 3 clips. Mr Thananya admitted that two sexual harassment and investigated that there was an indecent action and rape. Therefore came to find additional evidence And searching in a deep way, believing that it will be distributed In which the accused will be prosecuted Seek benefits from the pornography of children May be considered human trafficking
The ruthless father poured a gasoline on a 10 year old daughter, mother took the receiver instead.Was burned on the body|The ruthless father poured a gasoline on a 10 year old daughter. Was burned on the body Was the ulcer No money to heal (26 Aug 65) Reporters have been asked for help from a young woman's source. Stated that to help the girl friend who was poured by the ex -husband and then set fire to the wounds all over the body The injured person is still in the room at the end of Soi Thai Insurance 1/2, Bang Sao Thong Subdistrict, Bang Sao Thong District. Samut Prakan Province After accepting reporters Coordinate with police officers in Bang Sao Thong police station and volunteer staff of Ruamkanyu Foundation. Traveled to inspect and provide assistance in the morning room, an old wooden house, met with Miss Wiranuch, 30 years old, with wounds from the fire on both legs and arms. By referring to complaining Officials then first aid before taking him to the hospital. But referred to the tears that he had no money, wound, so he didn't want to go The hospital because of having to pay The reporter then coordinated to The director of Bang Phli Hospital To help this young woman The director of the specialized medical coordination is waiting to receive and bring the patient to check at Bang Phli Hospital immediately, free of charge. Referred to this young woman to Bang Phl Phlin Hospital, the injured woman. That comes from her ex -husband Who had just broke up for about two months Invaded to use gasoline to put on her 10 -year -old daughter and was about to set fire. When she saw her daughter's arms to escape, causing the oil to pour in her before her ex -husband immediately set fire until she was injured. The daughter was slightly flaky. The incident occurred at the worker camp in Soi Thai Insurance 3 on the morning of 25 August 2022, after the incident, the husband fled. Personally, she, a colleague, brought to the hospital to wound. Which will have to pay by yourself She then asked the hospital to just make a preliminary wound and pay 400 baht before returning to the room until she felt a lot of wound pain and called to tell her colleagues. Until the coordination of reporters and officials came to help As for the reason that the ex -husband did that he did not know Because of the breakup, the husband was a hot -tempered person and had threatened to assault In addition, the husband, behavior that hurts herself with a knife and has been smoked. In front of him and his daughter Until having to ask to separate the way and bring the child to live with two daughters, the eldest, 12 years old and the youngest 10 years old, tell the event that the father Invade the oil By arriving, he didn't say anything straight to the youngest daughter before putting the oil on Causing the mother to jump in to protect her daughter Until the mother was burned on the body and the father fled while the reporter asked the progress of this case to Police Colonel Niran Draddukan, Director of Bang Sao Thong Police Station Stated that the investigative officer is currently in the process of interrogating the injured person to prepare to gather evidence to approve the arrest warrant for the culprit, Mr. Banjong, 38 years old to prosecute according to the law.
Answered, the able -bodied men invaded the house "Mac Monument" as a police officer.Not a casino control card|The answers, the able-bodied groups invaded the house "Mac Monument" as a "police" to catch, not a casino control card to threaten from the Facebook page. "Mac Monument", a close friend "Tiger Dusit" caused a gun to attack the big casino after the Din Daeng flat, panting nearly 300,000 baht to escape. "Have been discussed via telephone on the program. "The current" by the young host, some parts He was afraid that he was followed by Mr Bon after causing trouble. Because the CCTV recorded 4-5 people, traveling to his mother's house after the incident. And afraid that it will not be safe As the news has been proposed, the latest on August 26, the reporter reported that From the inspection of the able -bodied men that appear in the CCTV clip at the house of Mr Thanadisai or "Mac Monument", 36 years old Found that it was a police officer under the Civil Service Commission of Thailand, 1 Bor.Chor. At the house after the incident Which is not a group of the said casino card in any way Because at first the police received a clue that Mr Thanadisai Fled back to the said house Before meeting Thanadisai's mother Therefore have inquired Until knowing that Mr Thanadisai Have traveled to go out of the trend The police then quickly followed to the said location.
SEC. Fund "Doctor Bun" knot, vaccine, lighting, fined 2.34 million. Do not be an executive board.|The SEC ordered the adjustment of "Doctor Bun" 2.34 million baht and banned the directors or executives for 42 months after giving the news imported PFIZER but could not. Affecting the stock price THG, the Office of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) revealed the prosecution of civil punishment measures with Dr. Boonwanin Sin, Chairman of the Thonburi Health Care Company Limited (THG) in the case of dissemination of messages. May cause the importance of THG operations or any other information in the form of a price impact or investment decision in THG shares by allowing the offender to pay a total of 2,348,834 baht due to the news of the news. Providing information of Dr. Boonwanin in the media that THG will sign a contract and import the Corona Virus Academy 2019 (COVID-19), MRNA brand, PFIZER brand, which will receive the first number of vaccines. 5 million daddy in July 2021 and someone asked the SEC to investigate the news that may not be in accordance with the law in such cases, including the SEC, was notified of doubt. From the Stock Exchange of Thailand that Dr. Bun -ard informs or published a message that may be important in the essence that may have an impact on price or investment decisions in THG, which may be a violation of Section 240 of the Securities and Exchange Act B.E. 2535. (Securities Act) from the investigation found that July 12, 2021 to 4 August 2021, Dr. Bun, who is responsible for the business of THG, has given or published many media. Both television media and online media that people can receive broad news that THG will sign a purchase contract to import the COVID-9 type of COVID-9 type of PFIZER brand and will receive 5 million donus vaccines. July 2021, but it does not appear that THG has signed a vaccine contract within the said month. And in the beginning of August 2021, Dr. Boon still confirmed the import of the vaccine by August 2021, but later Dr. Bun accepted through the media that Unable to import the vaccine as before. The message that Dr. Bun Bun Publishers may make people and investors misunderstand in the essence of the operations or any other information of THG. Resulting in the impact on the price or on the decision to invest in THG. The actions of Dr. Bun is a violation of Section 240 of the Securities and Securities Act, which has a penalty under Section 296 paragraph two and Section 296/2 of the Act. The Securities Securities Committee considers civil measures to punish the Civil Procedure (Civil Service Commission) has resolved that the SEC has brought to the civil punishment to be enforced by Dr. Bun by paying civil fines at the rate. The maximum law is 2,000,000 baht and compensation due to checking the offense. A total of 2,348,834 baht and prohibiting directors or executives in the company that issued securities or securities companies for 42 months. The duration of the prohibition is to be a committee or executive. The above will have an effect from the date the offender signed. In the consent, complying with civil punishment measures specified by the Civil Service Commission. If the offender does not consent, the SEC will have a letter requesting the prosecutor to prosecute the Civil Court to determine the highest civil punishment measures. The law is not lower than the rate specified by the Civil Service. The civil fines and the payment of the benefits received from the offense is the revenue that the land was brought to the Ministry of Finance. The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SEC) revealed that Thonburi Health Care Group Public Company Limited or THG informed the SET that the Board of Directors acknowledged that Dr. Boonwanin has resigned from being a director. And the chairman of the company, which was effective from August 26, 2022. At the same time, the meeting resolved to appoint Mrs. Jaruwan Wanasin, a qualified person. And has the appropriate qualifications as the B.E. has set up a commander and the chairman of the committee from 27 August 2022. The company has a variety of experts and experts. Therefore, it is confident that the said change will not affect the operations and business plans of the company in any way.
Collecting the "Jane Nisa", the back of the call center gang, the spy revealed that he was responsible for checking the victim information.|Police PCT Sonthi is with the Special Police Officer, Burapha 491, opening the operation of the cross -border crossing process to do. "Call Center Gang" in Cambodia By proactive Have the police camouflage himself as a spy Apply to be a call center staff. To know how to commit an offense on July 28, 65, and from the expansion of the said Found evidence of the links, which the PCT police set 5 have collected evidence to the inquiry official. Samut Prakan Police Station Issuing an arrest warrant for 58 people, Maj. Gen. Damrongsak Kitti Praphat, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Police, as the director of Sor Por (PCT) ordered the police. Investigate, follow and arrest the accused according to the remaining arrest warrant In order to accelerate the cutting of Thai people crossing the border to work Call Center Gang In Cambodia, later on 26 August 65, at approximately 17.45 hrs. PCT police jointly arrested Ms. Jennisa, 23 years old, Khon Sawan District, Chaiyaphum Province, who was accused of arrest warrants. Samut Prakan on charges of "jointly fraudulent people by acting as someone else, together as a brothel, jointly participated in the transnational crime organization, jointly dishonestly or fraudulent, imported into a computer system. Computers that are distorted or fake, whether all or some or false computer data, which should be damaged to the people And jointly laundering money. "Jane Nisa is one of the 58 people who are arrested. At the investigation officer Muang Samut Prakan police station has been issued by the arrest of Jane Nisa to reject throughout the allegations. And do not give any benefit to the expansion But from the investigation, Jane Nisa is about to return to work call center staff at the black door building. Cambodia She is a backyard work dress. Responsible for checking the victim's information and being a girlfriend with the closest Chinese boss Chief Gang Call Center That is the accused according to the arrest warrant at the inquiry official Samut Prakan Police Station Issued an arrest warrant for Maj. Gen. Theeradej Thammasutr, Commander in Chief of the Police Station 2, revealed that "Currently, the call center gang has a heavy outbreak and has changed a variety of strategies. The most important thing at this time Is to give the vaccine to the immune system We have to help each other communicate to all Thai people. To be ready to deal with new strategies Of the call center gang By continuing the operation of the Thai procession to send the Thai people to continue to make the call center gang continuously. "According to the policy of Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk, Commander in Chief and Major General . Damrongsak Kitti Praphat, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Police and warned the Thai people who applied to be a call center gang. I will continue to suppress the call center gang. And you will return to the country to be prosecuted, not the victim, even if not cooperating Can have evidence to the end. "
Bounce!Move the Deputy Director of Chokchai Police StationThe case of the former grandchildren.|Commander in Chief 4 ordered the Deputy Director (Investigation) Chokchai Police Station. Afraid that he was not fair Being a former grandchildren Medicine-dishonest from the case of Miss Nan (assumed name), 22 years old, actor, and actors reported to the Chokchai Police Station that the former minister's grandchildren Laying the medicine and abusing at a pool villa In Soi Nakniwat 2, the incident occurred on 9 August and reported on August 11, with the close people of the accused contact Ms. Nan and submitted a proposal on Work in the entertainment industry As well as giving money in exchange for not prosecution Because he wants the accused to play politics With the goal of the prime minister, the latest today (27 Aug) Maj. Gen. Pornchai Khajornklin, Metropolitan Police Commander 4 (Commander in Chief 4) signed the order of the Metropolitan Police Division 4 at 172/ 2022 regarding the appointment of a fact -finding committee The mind that with Ms. Nan (assumed name), 22 years old, the victim in the rape case Report the complaint At Chokchai Police Station Complained or accused Deputy Director (Investigation), Chokchai Police Station By issuing television media through the trend program on August 26, 2022 at 12.49 hrs. By all allusions to accuse the Deputy Director (Investigation), Chokchai Police Station. Said that the evidence is not enough to prosecute May be dismissed And some evidence that the victim gave to the inquiry official Not in the investigation, the injured person is afraid that it will not be fair from the investigation process of the police station investigation. Chokchai The incident occurred at Chokchai Police Station, Lat Phrao Road, Saphan Song Subdistrict, Wang Thonglang District. Bangkok relies on power under the National Police Act 2004, Section 84, therefore appointed an investigation committee to investigate the matter. Consisting of the following people The investigation committee Carry out the investigation in accordance with the rules and procedures in the rules of the SEC on the investigation of the facts 2013, then completed the investigation expression. Come to consider Proceed If the investigation committee considers that the case is that the accused has violated other discipline Aside from specified in this order Or in the case of an investigation to the other police officers And the committee Preliminary investigation and saw that That police officer participated or involved in the action in The investigation was also The chairman of the committee was reported quickly. There is also an order of the Metropolitan Police Division 4 at 173/2565. The statement that according to the Metropolitan Police Division 4, the order of the investigation committee was appointed 172/2562, dated 26 August 2022 in the case of suspicion of behavior, or in the case of suspicion of discipline. Relying on power under Section 72 of the National Police Act 2004 and the Royal Thai Police Regulations on ordering police officers to perform civil servants within the Royal Thai Police, 2020, Article 6 (2) in order to examine Examination of the above cases is complete. From August 27, 2022 onwards or until there was an order to change. Maj. Gen. Pornchai Khajornklin, Commander of the Metropolitan Police 4 (Commander in Chief 4), revealed that due to the victims to complain that they will not Got fairness from the Chokchai Police Station, therefore ordered the investigation of the victims and considered the police from the Nor. 4. By having experts in the investigation of the Army 4 Went down to oversee the said case, as well as ordered the Deputy Director of the Chokchai Police Station to perform civil service at the Division To investigate the facts whether there is a defect or not Which is in accordance with the judicial process If the investigation officer of Chokchai Police Station did not commit an offense is the innocent, in order to be fair in the case to all parties. The progress of the case, the investigation officer of Chokchai Police Station has requested an arrest warrant. The court approved the subpoena on August 29. If not, will request the arrest warrant for the said culprit.
The police have already answered.Who is the mystery man?Why can scan the finger into the investigation room of Din Daeng Police Station?|Answer: The mystery of the finger scan into the police investigation room, Din Daeng Police Station, has made a reporter who has been waiting to make a smuggling news about the recent police. Din Daeng, after becoming a suspect from the media waiting to make the news of "Mac Monument" Steering of the Cable Prachasongkhon Soi 8 on August 26, which on that day, the news team has trapped the accused. Claiming to be a renter of the area and smuggling, secretly opening a casino Because the inquiry official will bring to sue the North Bangkok District Court On charges of gambling At that time, the accused was in the process of filling out the documents with the police in the investigative laboratory. Walking to the investigative laboratory The media therefore asked if Who is it involved in the Casual Prince? The said man replied that "He doesn't know himself. There is nothing to say. "Before walking to scan the finger and enter the investigation room, causing the media to be suspected that Why the accused or outsiders can scan in the finger in and out of the room. Plus while bringing the accused, the case was secretly opened the casino in inmates The man also walked up with him. Most recently (27 Aug), the news team went to the area to Laboratory of Din Daeng Police Station to unlock the fact that Who is the black man? Then why did the finger scan into the investigation team? The news team met with a police investigation. Therefore brought the image of the black man to see who it is In which the investigative police revealed that this man was accused in another case That day had to report to himself and had to be brought to sue the North Bangkok District Court As well as the accused of the Prachasongkrove case 8 parts of the finger scan On that day, the police were watching behind the door all the time. In which this door has an observation channel, can see who comes to contact with any business. That day, there is a media in front of the investigation operation room. And there are still people coming to contact the case Including other people who come to send food at noon-afternoon If there are other people going in and out of this room, the officer will press the button to unlock the door to be able to get in and out in the media. It may be a coincidence that is the same as the police press the door to unlock the door for the black man to enter the room.
"Chatchat" knee hurt but still okGoing to travel, Thung Khru, stop by to cut the hair tease.|Chatchat, knee, hit the pole but still able to go into the governor area Traveling in Thung Khru District Join to plant trees Ready to stop by to cut the hair tease, "Please do not beat" today (28 Aug 65) Mr. Chatchart Sitthiphan, Governor of Bangkok Join the tree planting activities at Thonburi Rom Park, Thung Khru District, with Col. Sukrit Mangkhasawat. Director of Rat Burana Police Station And the police came to help facilitate Mr Chatchart, said that from yesterday's area (27 Aug), there was a knee accident with the pole. Causing the morning to not run for exercise. Today, a team from SEA (Thailand) has given 1,171 seedlings to support the environmental policy, planting trees, creating areas and dust walls throughout the city. And Mr Chatchart has planted 4 canna trees, which when watering the tree, Mr Chatchart said 'Growing up the night' later, Mr Chatchart Walked to visit 'Pan Sukjai Market' at the Bangkok Business Training School (Attha Sangkhawattana), Thung Khru District, which is about 200 meters from the Thonburi Rom Park, opposite the Thonburi Rom Park. With Mr. Narong Ta Pansan, director of Thung Khru District Take a walk to see Mr. Chatchat, have a visit to all food stores in the market And tasting curry, chicken filling and goat milk from the store in the market as well In addition, Mr. Chatchart also received a shirt from the bag of batik, a white T -shirt, a cat, written in a work shirt, working, working, and Mr. Chatchart also visited the booths in the market, such as booths, opening cards, horoscopes. Stop by to use the neck massage. Drive electric bicycles Clean energy Mr. Chatchart also stopped by a haircut booth. Ready to tell the haircut, 'Whatever, please do not cleat. If cleft and difficult to fix '
The girl plays the app to find a couple.Was impersonated as a police officerDeceived to have a relationship-imprisoned in the house-assault|Police officers investigated Bang Yai Police Station, Nonthaburi Province, helped a 20 -year -old woman after a 27 -year -old man, claiming to be a police officer, Police Lieutenant Colonel raped assault. And detained in the village in Bang Rak Phatthana Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province. Therefore sent to the area of the incident, namely Bang Bua Thong police station, then brought the victim to check at Bang Bua Thong Hospital And sent the urinary incident at the same hospital In which the results of the culprit Meanwhile substance abuse was found, the police officer of Bang Bua Thong police station got a video call to talk to the victim while being imprisoned in the house. Which while talking The victim cried and was in fear all the time. The victim said that he found the offender through the app for a couple, with the culprit told him as a police officer. Tuesday at midnight After that, the culprit took him to the friend's room and had sex. At first he was not fascinated because he still wanted to talk. On Wednesday in the evening he returned home. By the driver Their motorcycle motorcycle sent and drove his motorcycle back, which Thursday They have to meet again. Because he had to come back to get the car The motorcycle motorcycle is parked at the friend's dormitory. At that time, the culprit said that he would take him out. But he didn't go out once He was frustrated because he had to go home. So he came in to attack the first round, strangling the gun, pending the head to kick the chest and pull his head. Once he came out, he didn't go to him. See you again on Saturday. The reason he had to go out again because he sent a message threatening If not going to meet, will hurt himself at home. He therefore said not to mess with his family. In which the culprit responded that he was a policeman, he studied If wanting to see his subordinates to drag him at any time, he said that he was a police officer in Prachinburi and was moved to a profile picture in Tiktok and on Facebook wearing a police uniform, including police cards, hats, police, armor, and therefore believe. Which on Saturday, he met the culprit again Thought that he would release it But refused to let go He didn't let him go to work. Also, the mobile battery will run out. Can't find a charger Therefore greeted me to ask for help When he knew that he greeted other people Therefore seized his phone all day And he talked to his house instead. At that time, he took his mobile phone from him. Then he took it back before punching to the face of the eyes. At that time, he was all hurt. He was always conscious but could not find a solution. He was locked in the house for 2 days. At the same time, there were many people at the ground floor. But no one dared to help Until the house of the police came in to help Finally, would like to leave to those who play the app to find a partner to be careful. Don't meet anyone easily. After this Will not play these apps again by checking the history of the culprit Had been arrested for Computer Act in 2018, by fake Facebook named Sema Prachan, claiming to be a police officer Used to be news before Initially, the police officer of Bang Bua Thong police station was charged with driving a drug drug. As for other charges, have to wait for the physical examination in detail again. If it is considered any offense Will proceed with the legal proceedings
Social deterioration!His eyes raped, the 11 -year -old niece in the bathroom for 3 years, forcing the husband.|Grandma almost shocked. The 11 -year -old niece was told by the stepfather's stepfather. Have been raped in the bathroom for over 3 years, and forced to call the husband today (29 Aug 65), the Echan reporter of Trat province, received a complaint from Mrs. Uthai (Surname), 54 years old, the villagers of Laem Ngob District Trat province that 11 -year -old niece was raped in the bathroom for over 3 years and therefore coordinated with Mr. Chatchai Limphakdi, Laem Ngob District Chief and Miss Akambibunthot, a social worker. Social development and human security, Trat province, along with police officers Come to check And helped Miss Nok (fictional name), 11 years old. Normally, at home, there are 5 people, husband, son, son, and 2 niece. Normally, he and his son will go out to work outside. Will leave the son and niece at home But the bathroom of the house is separated outside The son may not notice that anyone came to her grandchildren, but in the past, he noticed that his niece had a little stomach. He took his grandchildren to the doctor as usual. Because I think it is a symptom of children who are menstruation Until the grandchildren told this story When knowing almost shock Because he had never seen this face before Come to know that it is the stepfather of the stepmother He did not know that in the past, secretly raped her niece for 3 years. Initially, Mr. Chatchai Limphakdi, Laem Ngob District Chief, Miss Angkhunbunkhun, Social worker Social development and human security, Trat Province, Capt. Sukrit Buengchan took the grandmother and niece to investigate the preliminary investigation at Laem Ngob Police Station. Before coordinating the relevant agencies to continue to help
Former nephew, a minister, acknowledged charges of rape actressClaiming to have evidence of being blackmail|The nephew, former Minister, acknowledged the charges. Rape the actress according to the subpoena and confirmed being blackmail. There is evidence to clarify today (29 Aug), Mr. M, the accused in the rape case, acts of a 22 -year -old actress who traveled to meet Lieutenant Colonel Ying Chidchanok Fongthong, Deputy Deputy Minister (investigation). Chokchai Police Station, according to the subpoena, before meeting the investigative officer, Mr M revealed that today he has clear evidence that the whole story is a blackmail. At this time, the news that went out to do his family was very damaged. His eyes were former Minister of Foreign Affairs 40-50 years ago and lost for 10 years. The introduction of their eyes was very sad. Because the case has only one person involved Do not want to bring their families involved Today is to show sincerity. As the accused said that he had a line with the police He didn't know anyone in any way. He just returned to Hua Hin. Was very shocked by the incident. Mr M said that the summons were sent to the house since 23 August. Stated that he came to give a testimony today (29 August), so he came to see the police As for the accused to go on the program with Mr. Sitra Phem, or the lawyer Tum, would like to thank Mr. Sitra Cooperation Understand that it is a lawyer of the people If he is a lawyer And heard from one side would not accept if a man raped a woman Because it must be a gentleman After meeting the inquiry official, he would explain again. Because he was afraid that it would affect the case But he is innocent, not wrong, has clear evidence Which Mr. Sitra should be in the wrong party Because I don't know what the truth is But can't blame In which the evidence brought is tight Can clarify that it was not wrong as accused Mr M said that on the day of the incident He actually went with the accused. Because the accused contacted him to quarrel with his sister And at Siam Square alone Until the night told him not to go back to the room Recommend the hotel He therefore introduced a hotel around Sukhumvit. But the other party said that it was too expensive In which he has evidence as a chat. However, he did not just send But went to the hotel by bringing Soju alcohol too And not to talk about work But the matter that happened in that room had all the evidence That the alleged story is not true. I know the accused. Because he had contacted the product review By knowing each other before the day of the incident, less than a month There has never been a relationship in any way. In which the audio clip that appeared was a clip that was cut The concern is their name, go out in a lot of social media. And some people may not understand Did not listen from himself Ask the reporter as a spokesman. Because he was a normal man who was bullied
Lawyer Tum opened the chat ", the former grandchildren." Do not think of yourself.Then played the role of a man being bullied|From the case of Miss Nan (assumed name), 22 years old, actor, actor, reported to the Chokchai Police Station that the former minister's grandchildren Laying the medicine and abusing at a pool villa In Soi Nakniwat 2, the incident occurred on August 9 and reported on August 11, today (29 Aug), Mr. M, the accused in the rape case, acting actor, actress. Traveled to acknowledge the charges at Chokchai Police Station, according to the subpoena, and claiming that there is clear evidence that the whole story is the latest blackmail in the "lawyer Tum" has opened the clip By posting via the Pesit Sitra, the premium, Secretary -General of the Foundation, the People's Lawyers Attached to a picture of the chat, recording the conversation between the two sides, Mr. M and Miss Nan after the rape, and stated that This is one of the evidence attached to the case of the former grandchildren of the minister causing the offense to cause 8 things. If sorry easily and end Probably don't have to have a lawyer like me. That women And now come to release the news that he is a poor man being bullied What do you do without consent? Who is the victim and stated that "Say, there is a tight evidence to survive. What evidence? The message sent and pressed the UNSEN later with the intention of concealing anything? And the way I have captured all Can submit a matter with LINE You can see the information. "
The actress submitted an objection to the "grandchildren of the former".Afraid of creating false evidence again|From the case of Miss Nan (assumed name), 22 years old, actor, actor, reported to the Chokchai Police Station that the former minister's grandchildren Laying the medicine and abusing at a pool villa In Soi Nakniwat 2, the incident occurred on 9 Aug and reported on August 11 before yesterday (29 Aug.) Mr. Apitis Intulk or Mr M, who was accused of rape, acting actor, actress Traveled to acknowledge the charges at Chokchai Police Station, according to the subpoena, and claiming that there is clear evidence that the whole story is a blackmail. His eyes were former Minister of Foreign Affairs, 40-50 years ago and lost 10 years and didn't want his family to be involved. Today is to show sincerity. As the accused said that he had a line with the police He didn't know anyone in any way. He just returned to Hua Hin. Was very shocked by the incident before the "lawyer Tum" came out to open the clip By posting via the Pesit Sitra, the premium, Secretary -General of the Foundation, the People's Lawyers Attached to a picture of the chat, recording the conversation between the two sides, Mr. M and Miss Nan after the rape, and stated that This is one of the evidence attached to the case of the former grandchildren of the minister causing the offense to cause 8 things. If sorry easily and end Probably don't have to have a lawyer like me. That women And now come to release the news that he is a poor man being bullied What do you do without consent? Who is the last victim today (30 Aug), the investigation officer of Chokchai Police Station, leads Mr. Apidis Intulk or Mr. M to ask for the power of the Criminal Court for rape for rape. After yesterday, Mr M acknowledged the allegations. And was interrogated for 9 hours, which Mr M still rejected all allegations The lawyer of Mr. M has prepared two hundred thousand baht securities to apply for bail while fighting the case while The team of Mr. Sitra Khwaen or lawyer Tum, along with the actress and the manager traveled to the Aja Ratchada Pavilion. Submit a letter to oppose the bail. Because he was afraid that if he was bail Was afraid that he would destroy the evidence Which is an obstacle to bringing the accused to prosecute Also safety, both the actress After being intimidated to lose reputation And including the safety of many witnesses in the case
"The former grandchildren."Dawn, destroy evidenceAfter not allowing the mobile to check|From the case of Miss Nan (assumed name), 22 years old, actor, actor, reported to the Chokchai Police Station that the former minister's grandchildren Laying the medicine and abusing at a pool villa In Soi Nakniwat 2, the incident occurred on 9 August and reported on August 11. Later, on 29 August, Mr. Apitis Intulk or Mr. M Accused of rape, acting actress, actress Traveled to acknowledge the charges at Chokchai Police Station, according to the subpoena, and claiming that there is clear evidence that the whole story is a blackmail. His eyes were former Minister of Foreign Affairs, 40-50 years ago and lost 10 years and didn't want his family to be involved. Today is to show sincerity. As the accused said that he had a line with the police He didn't know anyone in any way. He just returned to Hua Hin. Was very shocked by the latest incident today (30 Aug), the investigation officer of Chokchai Police Station, led Mr. Apitis Intulk or Mr. M to ask for the power of the Criminal Court for rape. After yesterday, Mr M acknowledged the allegations. And was interrogated for 9 hours, which Mr M still rejected all allegations The lawyer of Mr. M has prepared two hundred thousand baht securities to apply for bail while fighting the case while The team of Mr. Sitra Khwaen or lawyer Tum, along with the actress and the manager traveled to the Aja Ratchada Pavilion. Submit a letter to oppose the bail. Because he was afraid that if he was bail Was afraid that he would destroy the evidence Which is an obstacle to bringing the accused to prosecute Also safety, both the actress After being intimidated to lose reputation And including the safety of many witnesses in the case. After the Criminal Court has considered The petitioner opposes the temporary release. Including the victims opposed that If temporarily released, the accused may be chaotic with the evidence. Assembling the accused does not allow the investigative officers to check the phone's phone. To check the facts in the chat line In the event that there is a reason to believe that if temporarily released The accused may destroy the evidence and mess with the witness. Therefore do not allow temporary release
Set the head of 50,000 "Pae Kitakorn" CEO P Miner deceived investment in the crypto chain.Seize hundreds of millions|Confiscated "Pae Kitikorn" CEO P Miner sharing crypto chains Deceived a billion The staff set up 50,000 heads. Expected to escape from the country. Facebook prevention and suppression of computer offenses posted a message with the image of Pae Kitikorn, the executive of Phee Mayer Crripore. Ncy Group and specify the message "50,000 baht for clues that can lead to the arrest of the police. Computer offense prevention and suppression unit, DSI and AMLO, Mr. Kitikorn Inta, the owner of the P Miner chain in Chiang Mai, the latest clue is in neighboring countries. "Previously, Mr. Kitikorn announced in Investment group that I have a problem with mining. Due to the electricity bill Therefore not worth the digging By asking anyone who has already received a profit Do not request a refund Therefore causing the victim Gathered at Mr. Kitikorn's house to request a refund. Or helping to alleviate the suffering before Mr Kittikon transferred the money back to the victim But there are still some victims who have not received a refund Therefore, the group is included in the DSI in Chiang Mai, the police station in the area, including Sor. Sor. With the evaluation that the number of both small and large victims should have thousands of people. Damage value of over 1,700 million baht. Pol.Col. Ronchai Jindamuk, Commander in Chief, explains the form of cheating, stating that it starts from the knowledge of Bitcoin, mining, digging money. Rippo Cirrensea Various currencies After that, mobilized familiar people or people in the investment group. To join the investment, then Mr Kitikorn created the image Give yourself a businessman Is a society acceptable Show that you are wealthy, show money, things, brand names that can be available because of this business. Including many donations Like the government agencies as well Make people faith and confident That the business that is really rich If wanting to be rich, talk to each other There are ways to do business enough to be interested in investing. Mr. Kitikorn will invite to invest in the program that he has placed more than 10 programs, which are all investments. And each program is not the same. According to the police investigation, the Office of the Royal Thai Police knew that from 1 January 2018 to the present There are quite a lot of victims. Some people down alone up to 54 million baht. Currently, there are 380 victims in the system, the damage is over 300 million baht and there are still injured people who have not traveled to report. At this time, the police have asked the court to issue an arrest warrant. Kitikorn and the offense are to share fraud, jointly dishonestly Or by deceiving Imported into a computer system and an offense regarding The Loan Act, which will find that the Facebook of Mr. Kitikorn Live luxurious life There is a luxury car like Lamborghini Davidson Ferrari parked in front of the new house. After that, on August 24, 2022, it clearly stated that They want to sell Ferrari, Lamborghini and Bentley in order to use the money to pay the debt. While also saying that No intention to fraud Or think of escape in any way. Today, 30 Aug 2022, the police and the AMLO, Sattathi is seizing the house of Mr. Kitikorn. Get the belongings of 5 luxury cars. In addition, luxury watches, title deeds and has already attached all accounts
Holding the gunman to attack "Lawyer Manop", a former MP, died in front of his wife.Claiming who does not know who hires|Arrested 2 criminals raided "Lawyer Manop", a former MP, died in front of his wife. Claiming to not know who hired the Commander in Chief to prepare for himself from the case The criminal riding a motorcycle does not attach a single license plate into the gas station. Chor. Amnuay Phet Liam, No. 111, Village No. 4, Ban Khai Subdistrict, Ban Khai District, Rayong Province, before using a firearm to shoot at Mr. Manop Sathien Khet, a famous lawyer, former MP, District 3, Rayong, Party. Thailand And the applicant MP for Phuea Thai Party Until died in front of the wife and relatives inside the said gas station The incident occurred in the early hours of August 15, as it had been presented at 14.00 hrs. On 30 August, Maj. Gen. Suchart Theerasawat, Deputy Director. The Royal Thai Police, along with Maj. Gen. Theeradej Thammasut, the Commander in Chief of the Police Station 2, bringing the investigation of the Civil Service Commission of Thailand or Burapha 491 Sonthi. With the Crime Suppression Division (OIC) opened the arrest of 54 years old, and Mr. Nitiphon or banned the arrest warrant for the Criminal Court, charged with killing others, having firearms and ammunition in Occupy without permission, bring firearms to the city, village or public way without reasonable cause. And shooting a gun which uses the land to explode by yes, in the city, village or at the community "by arresting Mr. Piti Within the area Caltex gas station, Ratchadaphisek Road, Lat Yao Subdistrict, Bangkok, Bangkok and arresting Mr. Nitiphon in Phrae province, due to In the early evening, August 15, a criminal was riding a motorcycle, not attaching a single license plate into the gas station. Chor. Amnuay Phet Liam, No. 111, Village No. 4, Ban Khai Subdistrict, Ban Khai District, Rayong Province, before using a firearm to shoot at Mr. Manop Sathien Khet, a famous lawyer, former MP, District 3, Rayong, Party. Thailand And the applicant MP for Phuea Thai Party Until died in front of his wife and relatives inside the gas station after the incident. Maj. Gen. Suwat Chaengyodsuk Maj. Gen. Suchart Theerasawat, Deputy Commander in Chief of the Police, brought the investigation area to investigate with the OPC. W. Rayong, Ban Khai Police Station, Rayong Province, to speed up the said case Because it is a serious and shocking case, the people, and the deceased is also a lawyer who fought for justice in the area and is a consultant in prosecution with the influential and illegal group of Dr. Manopsathien. The area, from the investigation, found evidence that at least 2 people were planning and planned to cause a "professional" survey. Stalking the lawyer of Manop at least 1 month and the motorcycle used to cause the incident The criminal deliberately parked in an elephant land, about 4 kilometers away from the scene of the incident before jumping into the car of another co -committee. The park is waiting to be received in the lonely area near the dumping point, driving away together. From the investigation, it was found that Motorcycles used to cause a car that has been stolen. The disappearance has been reported since 2014. Later, the police investigated until confirming the person who fired and the two people could escape from the fingerprints on the motorcycle. Therefore collected evidence The police investigation officer submitted a petition to the Criminal Court to issue an arrest warrant. Until later, the arresting officer learned that Mr Piti, a gunman, acted Has escaped a lot, hiding in the Bangkok area, therefore leading to arrest the said As well as dividing another set to arrest Mr. Nitiphon, who can escape in the area of Phrae province. After this Pol.Gen. Before the official press release again Crime Suppression Division
The 18 -year -old girl lost the key card.Call the condo technician to openInstead being pulled into the room, hoping to rape|The 18 -year -old girl lost the key card. Call the condo technician to open But was followed and dragged into the room, hoping to rape Fortunately, friends followed up to help at 16.30 hrs. (30 Aug 65) at Bang Bua Thong Police Station, Nonthaburi Province, Ms. Sunantha Pho Thong, 24 years old, traveled to meet. Police Lieutenant Colonel Ekkovid Srinil Tha, Deputy Director of Investigation, Bang Bua Thong Police Station In order to bring the CCTV evidence in the case of Miss Ying (reserved name, surname), 18 years old, studying in the 1st year vocational certificate, which is a sister Being a luxury condo maintenance technician in Bang Bua Thong District, named Mr Thitiwat Triphan or Fiest, aged about 30-35 years, invaded the room in the middle of the night and tried to rape. The incident occurred on August 19 at approximately 21.00 hrs. In the Building B, 8th floor, Room No. 207, after the incident, reported to Bang Bua Thong police station, but the cause of the crime is still floating. More Afraid that it would not be safe CCTV records while Miss Ying walked into the elevator with Mr Fiez. After leaving the elevator, Mr Fiez followed out. When he arrived at the room, Mr Fie had pulled Miss Ying into the room. At the same time, a male friend of Miss Ying came to help in time. Therefore survived his hand, Ms. Sunantha, sister, said that the incident was the mechanic of the condo that he and his sister resided. Entered the room, trying to rape his sister The incident occurred on August 19, 65. At that time, he was not in the room to go out to buy things at the market. As for the sister, just quit school When returning to the condo but lost the key card Therefore told the technician to help open the door When the mechanic came to open the door, followed the sister to the room. Then pulled the younger into the room After that he took off his shirt, tried to rape his sister. But luckily, my sister's friend who sent it up to look at the room. Because he didn't trust this mechanic Therefore able to help his sister in time after the matter of the matter to ask the supervisor of the said technician, found that he had disappeared As for what happened, he claimed that he had done because he was a girlfriend with his sister. In which he had asked his sister and the matter was not true Therefore reported to the police officers in Bang Bua Thong police station to prosecute the said technician to the end By today, the sister is addicted to studying He then brought the evidence to the police. And would like to warn all women who live in the condo to be more careful Even as a condo mechanic, still daring to cause this kind of cause
The court approved the arrest warrant of Nutty.The base of the people trading|The Criminal Court approved an arrest warrant for YouTube, Miss Suchada Kongsuphachak or Natty, 30 years old on Tuesday (30 Aug). Frox) as requested to approve the arrest warrant of the Royal Thai Crime Investigation Headquarters (Bor.Chor.) In addition to Natty Bor.Thor. Sor.Por. Miss Nichaphat Rattanon, 33 years old, with this case, there are more than 6,000 victims and more than 2,000 million baht. That is famous since the social cam Always posting on social media that they traded foreign currency exchange rates Until making a great better And invite others to come together And also guaranteeing what will be definitely over time Many investors did not return the money as expected. And once inquiring, he received a reply that the system was interrupted Before quiet, on May 25, Natty posted through Instagram that he would not run anywhere on 24 August. Trader Nutty posted a clip that Natty appeared. Inhaler And said that he may have to go to jail at the end of August, with a 1 million baht securities for the Sheriff and 1.4 million baht to the Khon Kaen. But he has no money Because it was paid to the victims of the damage not more than 10,000 baht. Until the end of August 28, there was a news that Natty traveled to Malaysia, while Channel 7HD reported by referenced the interview of One news source in the Immigration Bureau that no travel information is found in and out of this YouTube country. Therefore it is possible to escape "Natural channels"
The owner of the shop, the girl, Oke 16, sent to 5 Jo, shabby victims, shocked, must be sent to the hospital.|The owner of the shop deceived the girl Oke, 16, before sending it to 5, shabby, shocked victims, had to carry all the hospitals. Yan Sue Subdistrict, Mueang District, Ang Thong Province, brought a document to see a doctor to complain to the media after Nong F. was the owner of the shop, a Laotian woman. Deceived to drink, mixed with beer until drunk, almost unconscious before sending to teenagers to be crowded at a house in Hua Phai Subdistrict Until Nong F. Shock is not conscious The said group of teenagers then took the Ang Thong Hospital in the middle of the night on the night of August 19, after the incident, F. F. reported to the police. Muang Ang Thong Police Station But after more than 1 week, the case has no progress in any way, which is afraid that it will not be fair, so bring evidence to complain to the media in order to help. Most recently With police officers Muang Ang Thong Police Station Which consists of Mr. W. Mr., Mr. Bor. Mr. A. and Mr. Youth, 16 years old, with Mr. W., who went to pick up the younger F. from the karaoke shop and had a wound being bitten in the thighs. With hand Confessed that he was acting in the real F., including 3 other friends, namely Mr. Bor. In which, before the incident, went to pick up the younger F. from the shop, which has the owner of the younger support, Nong F. who has a drunkenness In which he took to the house of Mr. Monk before doing it. After that, the other 3 friends also joined until F. was shocked, so he was shocked, so Mr Bor was driving a car overlapping. At the end, with him sitting in the back to send to Ang Thong Hospital. And when the symptoms are safe, then send back to the room Previously, I knew Nong F. on Facebook for more than 2 years but rarely contacted. The birthday of the younger Phone to pick up from the shop So he brought him to a friend's house until the incident, as well as the owner of the house. Admit that the actual cause because he saw Nong F. sleeping in the room When he saw it, he became emotional, so he was doing it before his friends followed. In which, after completing the work, F. has shocked, suffocating Therefore helping to deliver to the hospital and deliver to the room Until the officer informed the relatives that Nong F. reported to report to the police Ready to admit that he was actually a mother of one of the culprit that I don't know the said matter. Until the police called to inform the children Before telling the child to speak the truth because they have to accept And coordinated the village headman to surrender while Mr. Niphon Kunthonthong, 47, the village headman, Village No. 4, Hua Phai Subdistrict, Mueang District, Ang Thong Province, revealed that at the end of last year, this kind of event had occurred once by relatives. Of a 16-year-old girl asking to take him to the house of Mr. Province, which he allowed the assistant to take him until found a group of 4-5 teenagers and the girl in the house With a teenager jumping away from the window to escape 1 person, but the victim refused to report and did not take the matter because it was embarrassing, causing the prosecution to be prosecuted after the initial interrogation. Because it is a youth As well as preparing a multidisciplinary appointment to interrogate again next week Before notifying 2 allegations of charges of shabby rape A young woman under the age of 18, not her wife and a minor than fifteen years old But not more than eighteen years from the parents, parents or carers to find profit or for indecent And for the store, prepare to coordinate the relevant agencies that are considered to be considered an offense in order to proceed with the case
"Dent" revealed the message "Pinky" from the news prison has been distorted a lot.Who refused to cut the hair is not true|The progress of the actress Pinky Sawika, who is now imprisoned in the prison from the sharing of the chain, Forex-3D has become a big news that society keeps watching and pays attention to the latest (31 Aug) Bum Panadda. Revealed in the entertainment fallen program, stating that Pinky left a message through the middleman who met Pinky like this ...? Bum revealed that the news about Pinky Some issues can not be clarified by themselves. Would like to ask everyone, do not listen to one side It is currently under consideration. Which takes time Would like everyone to eat the news that comes out consciously because the news is now very distorted. Not directly related to the news This Pinky wants to wait for the process of justice. Which if you are actually guilty Was happy to be liable for the state of mind, now still strong And who said Pinky refused to cut his hair No, as a star, there is no privilege. But received mercy from the fans in it Which will have Muslim groups to help take care of food, eat by tomorrow (1 September) into the prison to classify And will be cut And will know where to be in and on September 26, 2022, there will be a trial Additional witnesses
What is this!Famous Bank ManagerBeing tricked by a call center gang of 1.3 million baht|The famous bank manager cried out the famous lawyer after becoming a victim of call center gang to transfer money to 7 times within one day. Lost over 1.3 million baht. Reporters reported that yesterday (31 Aug) at 13.00 hrs at the lawyer office. Relief Road, Chaeng Watthana Road, Bang Talat Subdistrict, Pak Kred District, Nonthaburi Province, Miss A (name is 40 years old), a famous bank manager in Lat Phrao area, complained to the fairness from Mr. Ronnarong Kaewphet, president of the campaign network. Return social justice To ask for help after himself as a victim Call Center Gang By making a loan of 500,000 baht in order to help the aunt who wants to use the money to invest But finally being tricked into transferring money for 7 times in one day Lost a total of 1,360,000 baht. Miss A revealed that he had fill out the form with the Bank A (reserved name) while filling out for 3-4 days. To apply for a link He therefore fill out the application form. He called back to spend about 24 hours, filling on August 28. On the 29th of August, there was a response to approve the credit limit of 500,000 baht. He informed that it was a personal loan without securities. Because he is a new customer, it will have to prevent the amount of 11 percent of the loan amount equal to 55,000 baht to transfer into the account to lock the limit. He transferred the money a total of 7 times. He was very sad. I didn't think that he would be deceived like this, despite being a bank manager. Admit that he is very realistic There are evidence of reliable documents to be victims. This time, the lawyer Ronnarong said that the injured person will report the complaint at Chaiyaphruek Police Station at the scene. And he will inquire to the bank 2 banks earlier due to 3 days before the criminals say hello The victim went to fill out the bank loan. A (reserved name) and Bank B (reserved name). Why did he know that he would use the money and greet them on LINE because they didn't know each other on Facebook as well? I don't know how his personal information can come out. He said that the Bank of Thailand must be responsible for Will report the charges of fraud on charges Computer Act First, because of the criminals taking this account Have an account name but do not know whether it is a horse account or real account He warned before opening an account opening. If you can follow the office of the call center gang, the money can be refunded at the provincial police work Region 1 whether to prove their skills or not. He is the bank manager. Criminal deceived Because he has fake information The Bank of Thailand came to deceive Must deposit government agencies to find measures to help people because it is indistinguishable if a victim of government agencies must protect
More than 10 teenagers hit the middle of the concert, hunting, shooting, shootingLike to carry war weapons|Teenagers hit each other in the middle of the concert. More than 10 people were hit by a crossfire. Like to carry weapons of war today (2 Sep 65). Reporters reported that From the Fiery -Fiery generation in Udon Thani province, causing the opening of the battle of the city at the 2nd concert of the year at Khlong Thom Market, Ban Na Kha, Na Kha Subdistrict, Mueang District, Udon Thani Province. Past There are 10 injured, but serious, have to go to Udon Thani Hospital since last night. There are 4 people, Miss Siriporn, 27 years old, Miss Anisara, 17 years old, Mr Theerayut Age 25 years and Mr Attiphong, 35 years old, with this serious condition being shot into the chest and abdomen There are also many injured. But was slightly injured, traveling to report at Na Kha police station in the midst of the shock of the villagers and teenagers who attended a lot. In the clip, you will see a group of teenagers in front of the concert. And there is a curse After that, he heard the sound of many guns rising. And found a pain that he was lying and moaning The police officers near the scene ran in to dissuade. But not in time Initially know that The concert surrounded the card. The work has been quit at midnight, but many teenagers who come to visit the event refusing to return. There was a quarrel and the use of firearms to shoot teenagers in different villages until the injury. The latest this morning (2 Sep 65) at 09.00 hrs. Mueang Udon Thani Traveled to Na Kha Police Station to attend the meeting with Pol.Col. In order to follow up and follow the criminals who use guns to shoot the group of teenagers until they were injured in many concerts Initially, I realized the gunman, still a teenager aged just 22 years. The nickname "Mr. Ram" tattooed. Is a villagers of Ban Luang, Phen District, Udon Thani Province, Col. Chamorn Andee, Director of Muang Udon Thani Police Station, revealed that at approximately 01.00 hrs. At the concert at the Khlong Thom Market, opposite the Na Kha police station. When the police went to inspect, the injured were found. The rescue unit quickly brought to Udon Thani Hospital and there are still 10 people of the crossfire. that Should be caused by teenagers in the event Therefore causing a gun to shoot with teenagers who have a quarrel Now, the police have already known the gunman. Know that the name of Mr. Ran, 20 years old, is a teenager, the villagers of Na Poo Subdistrict, Phen District, Udon Thani Province, using the .38 firearms in the shooting of teenagers at the event. And knew that this criminal had just left the prison shortly Full tattoo, with a firearm, war regularly Right now, the police are investigating the investigation team to prosecute quickly. But emphasized that the police are also careful because the criminal has a weapon Ms. Prang The girlfriend, Mr Theerayut, the injured, revealed that before the incident came with his girlfriend, came to see the concert. But after the concert has stopped Brought out from work Until someone shot the gun They ran away, but his girlfriend missed the shot. Knowing the person who shot is Mr. Ram. In which the injured girlfriend was shot in the right shoulder. Now treatment at Udon Thani Hospital is safe. The reason that the girlfriend was shot is not known either, but of course. The girlfriend has no quarrel with the culprit. It is expected that the boyfriend may be under the crossfire. Ms. Siriporn, 27 years old, traveled to report at the police station, Nakha, revealed that he was traveling at the event after walking to the motorcycle parked. Appeared to hear the gunshot rising, then felt pain in the right arm area I was unconscious because I felt the whole body. Until a friend sent the hospital to report to prosecute this hand to shoot to the end Most recently, there are reports from the police that Mr Ram may be crazy about the medicine at the concert, so use a gun to shoot at the teenagers who come to visit at the event.
The life of the Division, the police, shooting a young teacher before he killed himself, extinguished 2 bodies behind Khao Hin Son Police Station.|Saddy, Pol. Before killing himself, extinguished 2 bodies behind Khao Hin Son Police Station, Capt. Police Station, Phanom Sarakham District, Chachoengsao Province, was notified by the police radio center. Khao Hin Son Police Station That in the middle of the road in front of the police officer behind the police station Khao Hin Son Police Station There was a shot until 1 person died and was seriously injured, so rushed to travel to the scene immediately. The scene in front of the room Found only the body of Police Colonel Sirirat, 31 years old, 10 months, position of Commander in Chief of the Por Por Por Khao Hin Son Police Station Lying on his back, died on the road surface in a white T -shirt and wearing black shorts. Sinking in a pile of blood that flows around the floor around the head. And at the right temple, found a 9 mm bullet hole, piercing 1 hole in the right hand, finding a 9 mm shot, semi -automatic pistol, GLOCK 19 brands, falling 1 cylinder and also found the same size of the shell. In the area of the incident in the amount of 2 casing. There is also another injured person. Know the name, Miss Thidamat, 30 years old, 8 months, who is a wife who lived together but has not registered the marriage. Was shot with a 9 mm gun, lying in a pile of blood together at the scene Before the people saw the incident, they quickly brought him to Phanom Sarakham Hospital and died later. Khao Hin Son Police Station Which one agrees to specify the cause of this tragic cause Knowing from the investigative officers that specify only that it is within the family, with the young wife of Police Colonel Sirirat Then work in the civil service In the position of assistant teacher in a school in Si Maha Pho District, Prachinburi Province, adjacent areas The domicile of Police Colonel Sirirat Was originally a Nadun Subdistrict, Na Dun District, Maha Sarakham Province
Collecting a stingy girl, chatting, finding a partner-a young man sleepingThen snatch the property to escape|Crime Suppression Division Central Police Headquarters Along with the police officers of the 4th Army. The Police Department jointly arrested Ms. Siriyupa (Surname), 28 years old, the accused according to the arrest warrant of the Samut Prakan Provincial Court 570/2565, dated 23 August 2022, which must be found to commit an offense. "Stealing at night" due to the incident, the victim got to know the accused via Facebook. By talking until intimate and have a meeting to sleep at various hotels Many times until the day of the incident After both of them have slept together The accused told the victim to take a shower in the bathroom. In the meantime, the accused brought the injured clothes to hide in the refrigerator. And lulled a gold necklace of 4 baht, with 1 golden Buddha amulet of the victim escaped from the room. To follow the accused to prosecute according to the law And the inquiry official has gathered evidence to approve the court to issue an arrest warrant for the accused. And the Samut Prakan Provincial Court approved according to the petition. Later, the police investigated until knowing that Ms. Siriyupha Escaped the arrest to work in Lat Phrao, Bangkok, then brought the force to follow up and arrest the accused. Until able to arrest this accused And brought the accused to the investigation officer of Bang Phli Police Station, Samut Prakan Province Proceed with legal proceedings
Collecting the gunman to shoot 17 childrenBut died at the same gun|The progress of the case, Mr. Suthipong or News, 17 years old, was shot dead. After an appointment to clear the conflict between friends of the same school Before being hit by the big leg of Soi Lat Phrao 101, shot out at the parking lot at the end of the Bueng Thong Lang Temple, Soi Lat Phrao 101, La Prao Road, Khlong Chao Khun Sing Subdistrict, Bang Kapi District, 23.00 hrs. On 3 September. At Ladprao Police Station at 10:00 am on 4 September, Col. Rungsakul Bunboon, the director of Ladprao Police Station, revealed that the investigation team of Lat Phrao Police Station has collected evidence and requesting the Criminal Court to issue an arrest warrant for Mr. Prasit Age. 30 years, the culprit for killing others to the death, intentionally, bringing firearms to public without permission. And was able to arrest Mr. Prasit at the residence in Soi Lat Phrao 101 in the middle of the night. From the investigation, Mr. Prasit confessed that Is the user of Thai firearms, scoring Mr. Suthipong, but there is no attention to shoot at Mr. Suthipong in any way Due to being in the same group as the deceased But during the rhythm of the conflict negotiation The story between the two groups The accused pulled the gun in the way of hoping to intimidate, but the gun was released, causing Mr. Suthipong to be shot at the left side of the milk 1 shot to death. Col. Rungsakul said that After the incident, Mr. Prasit brought the artificial Thai firearm into the canal. Currently coordinated the diver. In order to find the belongings but have not yet found Initially, the inquiry official reported the allegations of killing others intentionally. And brought firearms to public without a reasonable cause Which will be sent to the Criminal Court on September 5
The actress Ng Em, the former STO. Open a clip of the court in the middle of the court.Lawyer Tum pointed out that it was good for the victim.|Em Lan, former STO. Secretly filmed a clip in the resort. Brought to open the middle of the court, counterattack, the lawyer Tum revealed that the injured side has an advantage Because there was an attitude of the criminal court. There was a climb to consider the bail, Mr Apidis or M, a businessman, the owner of the big company. Causing our actress in a resort in the Naga Kniwat area, 2, Mr. Sitra premium or lawyer Tum, and the injured person revealed that The lawyer of the accused has opened a new evidence. Is a secret clip taken on the day of the incident In which the victim never knew before The clip that was revealed to the court was edited at certain times. Causing him and the injured to be shocked And very shocking The lawyer Tum revealed that after seeing the clip, it felt that it was more useful in the case of the victim. Because the image that the victim appeared to not consent The victim revealed that Feeling emotional and never knew that he had intended to secretly shoot the clip. If it was released, it would make him embarrassing. Affecting the family In addition, while waiting for the climbing the accused, he shouted to him, "There is something to talk well." But he didn't respond. Just want to demand justice for yourself According to the facts and confident that the evidence that is shown to the court today will make the court consider the bail For climbing, considering the release of the accused In the morning, the court has not ordered. In the afternoon, the other 2 investigation will be the investigation officer of Chokchai Police Station and Mr. M, the accused in the case. By not allowing those who are not involved Expected to be completed this evening
The most brutal students, grade 6, riding a car overlappingBeing shot by 3 dead drivers before burning the whole motorcycle|The most brutal students, grade 6, riding a car overlapping Collided with a black sedan Before being hit by 3 drivers and burned the whole motorcycle (6 Sep 65) at 02.00 hrs. Notified that the person was killed on the side of Khao Phanom-Thung Yai Road, Village No. 2, Phud Tao Subdistrict, Khao Phanom District, after being notified, then traveled to inspect along with Police Colonel Wichayu Bunnarong, Director of Khao Phanom Police Station Probation Division Officer And the rescue unit of Khao Phanom Participated in the investigation of the incident, found 3 deaths, died in the roadside. By knowing the name later, Mr. Nonthaphat, 18, was shot in the face Miss Panthira, 18, was shot in the back of the left and Miss Nachaj, 18 years old, house in Khao Phanom Subdistrict, was shot in the left, with all 3 students studying in grade 6, Khao Phanom District School. Not far apart, the motorcycle was burned down. On the road, the staff found the front car bumper parts. Which is similar to a lot of sedans And also found 1 shotgun's shell, so it was kept as evidence From the investigation, knowing that all 3 victims today left the house of Miss Panthicha at Phrue Tia Subdistrict, by going to sleep at the house of Miss Nachanicha at Khao Phanom Subdistrict, who drove out of the house after midnight After that, people found that there was a train on the street. Therefore went down to see and found the dead body From the environmental examination that saw the incident and the neighboring villagers knew that during the incident, the 3 people drove to head to Khao Phanom District. Arrived at the scene, collided with a black sedan After that, the sedan driver went down to shoot. Then get in the car, drive towards Thung Yai District, which is currently being followed While the relatives of the deceased who traveled to the scene of the incident, we didn't expect that the children would die. Initially, the relatives stated that all 3 children had no story with anyone before. Ask the police to unfold the knot from any matter.
The culprit raised the luxury hotel in Koh Samui, 70 million stealing. The toilet of the lift is not except!|The culprit raised the luxury hotel in Koh Samui, 70 million stealing. The toilet of the lift is not except! Not yet open for service Became an abandoned hotel (5 Sep 65) at 09.00 hrs. Col. Yuthanasirisombat, Director of Bo Phut Police Station, Koh Samui District, Surat Thani Province, ordered Pol. Nam Thiang, Inspector (Investigation), Pol.Col. Bringing the police officers to prevent and suppress the investigation together with Capt. Adul Phrombutra, Head of Operations Command Region 4, Koh Samui area. Bringing military personnel Investigate in Chaweng Blue Lagoon The Top Wing Subdistrict, Bo Phut Subdistrict, Koh Samui District, Surat Thani Province After being informed by Mrs. Yomna Poolsawat, the owner of the hotel that There are a lot of criminals in the hotel. Damaged in the whole hotel. When the officer arrived at the scene, it was found that Luxury hotels that have been seen are abandoned hotels in the blink of an eye. After being hit by a criminal, the 348 rooms are decorated in the room, ready to open the criminal, take all the property inside the hotel, from the light, light bulb, electric tank, chair, toilet, water, water heater, shower curtains, steel railing. Frame, roof, glass door, window, air conditioning, water pump, lift. Found that every room Destroyed to take the property The wires were piled up on the ground. The ceiling was destroyed. The glass is cracked. And also found a gas tank cutting head, gas tank, tools and food at the scene. Expected to belong to the criminal who came to cause the incident After that, the police have collected evidence to find traces of the criminals who came to cause this incident. Along with checking the closed circuit in the nearby circuit To find evidence of cars and people entering the area Because it is believed that it has to work as a large movement and has been doing for about 3 months ago. Mrs. Yomna Poolsawat, the hotel owner said that the hotel has just completed 400 million baht invested. The decoration is complete and ready to open. But came to the church -19 period The epidemic then scheduled to open. It is expected that the criminal has caused the incident in the past 2-3 months. First, during the construction Room decoration Will come and see But when the construction is completed, the room locks in every room. Didn't think that he would encounter an event like this This time is considered the largest time in Koh Samui. The criminal may be very much. Very cruel to do this The total damage is over 70 million baht. Mrs. Yomna said that the criminals who came to cause the crime are probably the friends. When he knew that no one was watching the place, he stole the property. Would like the police to fully follow the law Want to bend these people's habits Want the police to be strict Because Koh Samui still requires tourism If investors get news like this, who will dare to invest? After this, I would not think of the sink because I didn't have the strength to do. Probably have to let the capital group interested to continue to do the latest police, Bo Phut Police Station and ISOC Region 4, Koh Samui area Arrested the person who came to cause the burglary at the said hotel, with 6 suspects with 1 metal cutting set, 1 wireless drill, 1 hammer, 1 bag with 1 mechanic tool and expanding the search results of Mr. Apipat, 35 years old, Bo Phut Subdistrict, found 2 inch x 4 inch x 4 inches, 1 metal cutting set, 1 6 -wheel truck, 1 car, so he made a recording of the property. Along with bringing all the accused to the investigation officer of Bo Phut police station to prosecute the burglary and continue to expand
The world is hard!The 29 -year -old boy pierced a 36 -year -old girl, not knowing each other, not just quarreling.|The 29 -year -old young man stabbed a 36 -year -old girl, causing a crime in front of the whole group of friends. Despite not knowing each other Not quarreling The reason is just not like the police tone, the tone of the police officer, helping the Deputy Director of the Prevention and Suppression of Tha Sala Police Station, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, detained Mr. Thanwa, 29 years old while fleeing the case of killing others. According to the arrest warrant for Nakhon Si Thammarat Provincial Court 304/2012 on 4 September 2022 for the offense of killing others intentionally Portable knives And use drugs to punish The incident occurred at approximately 02.30 hrs. On August 4, 2022, after the incident tried to escape from the area and stopped at the Oil Station on Tha Sala-Sichon Road, Village No. 16, Thung Prang Subdistrict, Sichon District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. This murder was dead, Miss Pornchalee, 36 years old, people of Krung Ching Subdistrict, Nobit District, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. While arresting Mr Thanavi, the face was smooth and confessed to be the person under the arrest warrant and also the actors according to the arrest warrant. Conducted an examination from this suspect to the case Mr Than Yan admitted to the person who used a knife to pierce Miss Pornchalee, only 1 wound. At that time, Miss Pornchalee Sitting on the phone with 6 friends in the group, and that was shocked to the officers when Mr Thanawas said that they only met with Miss Pornchalee, just 2-3 times while coming to the friend's point at the scene of the incident. And didn't know each other before. There was a feeling of "dislike" Miss Pornchalee very much Before the incident, amphetamine When he met Ms Pornchalee again, he used a knife to pierce 1 time without arguing. After that, he escaped. At the scene after the incident, friends Brought Miss Pornchalee in the injury Send to Tha Sala Hospital But when he arrived at the hospital shortly Miss Pornchalee died because the knife stabbed through to the internal organs, causing severe internal blood. The system fails to death. While the officers interrogated the witnesses in the event, leading to the arrest warrant and arresting Mr Than that while trying to escape in the end
Invade "Sia Toi", the owner of the rubber shopThe hand shot the student, extinguished 3 bodies, revealing only the car crash.|Invade "Sia Toi", the owner of the shop to change tires Shooting 3 students, revealing only the car crash. Mother and wife accept The culprit was heavily in the case of a criminal using a gun to shoot a 18 -year -old child, a grade 6 student died, 3 bodies were 1 man and 2 women. The incident occurred at Khao Phanom Police Station together with the police investigation team, Krabi Province, and the SWAT unit, Krabi Province. Pha Tiao Subdistrict, which is a rubber and car wheel Along the Khao Phanom Road Thung Yai after the police learned that People who do it should be the owner of the said shop. When the officers arrived, they found a BMW Black brand sedan, 525 I, registration 4567, Bangkok. Parked in the garage beside the shop, the front condition was damaged. And on the front glass, the driver's side has cracks from the impact, so call the shop owner The name is Mr Theerasak Siaoi, 42 years old, but Mr Theerasak refused to open until the parents of Mr Theerasak come to negotiate, but after about 1 hour, Mr Theerasak opened the door. Look at 1 time. Enclosed Ran to arrest him Mr Theerasak Ran towards the side door In the. 357 gun mobile phone, but when he saw his father standing beside the police Then immediately threw the firearm After that, the officers went to search in the bedroom, found 1 long shotgun with the. 357 guns, scattered in the floor and in the courtyard. Which was shot in the wall of the shop in many holes from the inquiry Mr Theerasak Initially providing circumcision But admitted that he had taken 2 methamphetamine last night. Arrived at the scene The car crashed into the motorcycle when he saw that the car crashed. So parked and used a shotgun to put on a group of dead Which he had not known each other before As for the car that is infected The fire was on the time that the police had not burned, so the police detained. Mrs. Prasert, 69, the mother of Thirasak, said that her son had been addicted for a long time. Had sent to treat, but when he returned, he always took drugs In the past, there was a wife and children in Khao Din Subdistrict. My son would come back to sleep at this shop. Did not think that he would kill 3 people. However, many years ago, the son had been punished in the case of killing the people in the northern district, the canal and the Court ofanis, dismissed, dismissed, did not think that the child would cause this kind of cause. However, he felt very sad about the incident while Mr Theerasak's wife revealed that he always knew that her husband took amphetamine. Have not always forbidden, but not listening, they are separated, but go to each other regularly, do not think that the husband will cause this kind of cause Last night, the husband invited him to the child to go to the shop at Pru Tiao, but the husband had left the car before, so he didn't follow. Which, if coming with, would not happen like this Believe that it was done because of haunting from amphetamines
The young teacher violates the pupils.Take a clips of children, post on social media 639 clips.|The United States coordinated the possession of many child pornography. In fact, the young teacher violates the pupils. Take a clip of the Social Update (6 Sep 65) at 19.00 hrs. At the Provincial Police Training Center, Region 3, Mueang District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province Police Lieutenant Colonel Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander in Chief and Deputy Director of Children's Protection Center, Family, Prevention and Suppression of Human Trafficking, along with Maj. Gen. Somprasong Yenchum, the Provincial Police Commissioner Region 3. Police Lieutenant Colonel Suphasath Chokchai, Deputy Commander of the Tourist Police, Pol.Lt.Gen. .Nakhon Ratchasima And relevant officials Jointly announced the arrest of sexual harassment And 4 human trafficking cases, Pol.Lt.Gen. A total of 4 sexual offenses. In this amount, there are 2 interesting cases, with the first case, the police were informed by Ms. A (named the fictional), the victim stated that the 15 -year -old son was deceived by a 22 -year -old man. And shooting clips to publish on the internet Later, the police investigated the arrest of Mr. Baramee, 22 years old, a famous university student in Nakhon Ratchasima. With the middle of the iPhone mobile phone From the memory inspection in the phone, found pornography, separated into 49 still images, 112 video files, in which the number of 2 children of the victim's child inspects the accused's bank account. With millions of baht revolving money, the accused acknowledged that Using the method of posting, persuading people to have sex with themselves After that, the accused asked to use a mobile phone to record video while having sex. Then posted in a secret group By charge a secret group at a price of 200-250 baht per person. In the secret group, there are approximately 1,500 members. The other important case Operations of the Internet Crime Suppression Division related to child violations The Royal Thai Police (TICAC) has been coordinated by clues from The center for children lost and seized the national interests of the United States or NCMEC through the Thai office of the inquiry for the security of the landscape. Ministry of Security of the United States Have detected many child pornography Through social media accounts as Learn Thai with Teacher Art Found a lot of pornography The police then brought the said information to conduct an investigation. And was able to arrest Mr. Nantaphat, a teacher civil service in a school in Nakhon Ratchasima province and from the search warrant of the court to search the teacher house, found the belongings mobile phone And a desktop computer Inside the device found tens of thousands of clips. In this amount, 639 video clips were found, in which the accused confessed that Using a mobile phone to shoot clips And acting indecent children Most of them are schoolgates that they used to be a class teacher. And had previously taught since 2020, with children being victims And is a total of 22 victims in the case
Extraordinary man crazy to invade the police station.Holding a steel part, chasing the police-smashing the carFather outcry is exceeding the cause.|Extraordinary man crazy to invade the police station. Holding a steel part, chasing the police-smashing the car Father outcry is exceeding the cause. Children do not have serious war weapons. Why shoot (7 Sep 65) at 17.00 hrs. Pol.Gen. Traveled to inspect the incident at the police officer of Nam Yuen Police Station, Ubon Ratchathani Province Must use an extraordinary gun, Mr. Pattawin, 33 years old, crazy man Who died at Nam Yuen Hospital After Mr Pattawin drove the car in front of the flag pole, Nam Yuen Police Station at the giant firecrackers threw 3 police rounds loudly. Ten Vet ran down to see. The culprit opened the car door, put the baseball wood made of steel down. Pointed to the police and shouted that you cried down and ran to smash the parked police vehicle. And the parked car has been damaged by many other vehicles, then holding the steel section to chase the police that entered the incident. The officer fired a gun in the sky, threatening, but the man still refused to stop. Combined with the culprit holding the steel part Rampage like crazy The officer then decided to use a firearm to shoot at the abdomen 1 shot, 1 leg, the cause of the crime, therefore calm the madness and was taken to the Nam Yuen Hospital and later died. In which the police confirmed as a protection of the history inspector, found to treat neurological symptoms at Phra Si Maha Pho Hospital Before the incident returned from work in Rayong Expected to be aggravated Therefore came to cause the latest incident today (8 Sep 65) at the forensic work group Sappasitthiprasong Hospital Ubon Ratchathani The police officer of Nam Yuen police sent the body of Mr. Pattawin, 33 years old, who was police officers in Nam Yuen, after the madness of the examination, with relatives coming to follow and wait for the body to return. Said that he wanted to be fair to his son who lost his son Regardless, you have to fight the case. Because the police did more than the incident Fascinated that his son had no firearms in any way There are only baseball wood that is a steel that destroys the car. But the police have used a gun to shoot before shooting 2 matches. Another match was hit in the abdomen, a total of 3 matches to see the child at the hospital, found that he had died. Would like the police to take care of responsibility as well The whole person died. Feeling very sad Want to ask for fairness Anyone who can help Fascinated by the cause of his son's death Shouldn't take the gun to shoot the ball Because the child has no war weapons No firearms There is only a baseball log. Shouldn't take the gun to shoot together Police officers couldn't rely on before the incident. The son had not taken medication, was still nervous. The hospital said that he was completely cured. Until going to work in Rayong As for the cause of the incident, I do not know about Previously, the child had previously stolen the motorcycle motorcycle shop. The shopkeeper informed the police to be arrested by the police. At that time he was about 10 years old. Ms Anchalee The deceased sister said The older brother works at the factory in Rayong province, who is not involved with anyone who likes to be alone. No one knows the day. We do not think that there will be an accident like this. Never caused trouble to the parents at home, it is the pillar of parents, do not know whether or not The house does not know. Came to know at the scene Would like to see the CCTV at Nam Yuen Police Station at the scene of the CCTV. Now, the news reports report that during the incident, most of the police officers in Nam Yuen police come to kick and cheer football in the city. If there are a lot of police officers, they may use tactics to defeat the madness. But there are few officials, therefore have to use a gun to shoot
Mother-stepfather sells a 10-year-old daughter, exchanged 50,000 money to the wife to buy sexual harassment.|Pol.Lt.Gen. Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander in Chief, Deputy Director of the Royal Thai Police, together with Mr. Siam Sirimongkol, the governor of Udon Thani Province, Pol. Udon Thani Province Jointly announced the results of the proceedings of the human trafficking network in the Provincial Police Region 4, in 3 cases, an invasion of human trafficking and attacking children. The case was on 29 August 65 at approximately 21.00 hrs. check Muang Udon Thani Police Station Was informed of a girl aged about 10 years as a nationality Can speak Thai language Came to ask for basic help, knowing that around April 65, a girl was a summary of Udon Thani to buy a child from mother and stepfather at Mae Sai Chiang Rai district by giving compensation. Then bring it to Muang District, Udon Thani Province, with the wife of Sia Is the one who takes care of the child all the time. The girl is daddy and the wife violated sexual harassment, including scolding, smashing the child and holding the identity card. Until on 29 Aug 65 at approximately 17.00 hrs. While Sia's wife was unaware The girl then secretly escaped from the room. Went to ask for help from the villagers, the police officers accelerated the investigation and collected evidence And able to follow up and arrest both of the accused In which the inquiry official Report both of the allegations in the offense "Jointly separate the minor And jointly delayed others And jointly raped children under the age of 15 ". In addition, from the mother and stepfather of the girl Have sold their own children to others to seek sexual interests Police officers have filed a petition to the Udon Thani Provincial Court. Issuing an arrest warrant for mother And the stepfather of the girl And arrested both Prosecution of guilt "Together to satisfy the orgasm of others Is business procurement Lure or take for obscenity, which men or women Even if that person agreed And is an act for children not over fifteen years old, forcing, threatening, persuading, promoting or allowing children to behave inappropriate or should cause children to be at risk of wrongdoing "and gather evidence. Report additional allegations for offenses "Together human trafficking" to proceed with the relevant parts. Pol. Maj. Gen. Surachet Hakpan, Assistant Commander in Chief/Deputy Director of the Royal Thai Police. Continue throughout the country In which this arresting case There are still offenders who have external behavior will be trusted to get close to the child. But relying on the closeness and trust in obscenity And seek sexual interests from children Including the case that the parents of the child agreed to sell themselves In exchange for a certain amount of money. As for the children and youth who are victims There will be a coordination of relevant agencies. Whether it is a multidisciplinary and provincial police officers to provide assistance and protection of children according to the next process.
Ng!The stepfather lust "Slide Worm" beside the stepson under 10 years old. What do netizens do next?|The danger near the stepfather Sleeping a worm slide on the bed beside the stepson of not over 10 years old, still asking netizens doing well, becoming a shock in the online world. After Twitter Red Skull posted a photo from a man's Twitter. Which posted a picture while sleeping in the bed Beside a girl not over 10 years old, which is a stepson. The said man also tweeted a message intentionally doing pornography with a girl. And also asked the netizens what to do next. Twitter Red Skull stated that "I left the sergeant to the police. It's a stepfather to sleep ... and the stepson sitting watching TV and shooting a clip on Twitter. Children in the clip are probably not over 10 years old ... This is not known that If this is a case like this, Twitter is very cooperative. Open the IP to your home. And this should not be difficult to catch, look stupid #protrusion " The story has many netizens to comment. Many people pity the little boy who may not even realize that the danger comes. While some call on the relevant agencies to take care and arrest the said man to prosecute urgently
"Chatchat" goes alone to encourage Don Mueang peoplePointed out to the canal, the key to the flood|Chatchat wade through the flooding into Don Mueang area. Point the heart of the drainage is the Prem Canal. Drain now, like an elevator when rising quickly. Time down to the steps today (09 Sep 65) Mr. Chatchart Sitthiphan, Governor of Bangkok Along with the group to inspect the water situation in Khlong Prem, the population within Soi Mechanic, Uthit, Don Mueang Subdistrict, Don Mueang District, Bangkok, Mr. Chatchart Said that the area is already a thin spot Risk of flooding Due to the drainage efficiency in the surrounding canal is slow. The main factor of drainage is slow. Which is the Khlong Prem, the population and other canals, there is no water barrier Including houses that encroach into the canal Resulting in not being able to dig the canal at full efficiency Including before, there was another problem, the contractor left the job. Makes the work go slowly Which is now accelerating the contractor to replace the address and the contractor must leave the fine with the fines with the drainage efficiency. At this time, it is like an elevator when rising quickly when down to the stairs. "The water situation in the canal Bangkok that is worrisome at this time is Khlong Prem Population Lat Phrao canal and Prawet Canal By evaluating the drainage direction. If there is no rain falling, it is expected The water can be reduced by another level. Currently, Bangkok has a small amount of water receiving. The canal that has is not fully effective. Causing when it rains, water can be drained less than usual Which the Bangkok governor admits that The flooding must accept the condition and solve urgent problems. In the past two months, the area has been sparse a lot. Due to the installation of pumps in the area However, the flood this year is different from the floods in the year 54 because at that time the flooded was the northern water that was released. But now Bangkok has encountered more rainwater The drainage can be drained in three ways. The first way to drain the north Get off the Khlong Prem Tai Pumping Station into the Rangsit Canal on the west side. Get off the pumping station, Department of Chon Through the canal at Ban Mai, Bang Khen, some names, Samsen, down the Chao Phraya River under the Phadung Krung Kasem Canal. Felt when being a public when flooded With the feeling of being a governor How is it different? Mr Chatchart said When it was a public, when the flood was only worried about his own home, but when he became a lover, everyone was worried about Bangkok. We have a wider responsibility. Feelings are more worried and want to help solve the problem as soon as possible.
Relatives believe in the spirit "Nong Fon" victim "to the body.|From the case of Sia Toi shooting a child of grade 6, 18 years old, died 3 bodies, reporters inquiring to Krabi Prison officials. Received the information that Sia Toi or Mr Theerasak, 42, was locked in the Krabi prison for the first night after the police were deposited at the Krabi Provincial Court yesterday. Which the officer said Sia Toi lying peacefully No hallucinations Which is currently in the first land There was a mentor to take care of while this morning. Which is the 3rd day of the funeral of the children who died. It appears that there was a story at Huai Nai Temple, Khao Phanom Subdistrict, which was a temple that held Nong Namfon, 18 years old, one of the deceased. There was a young lady who came to sleep in the funeral. Having symptoms similar to his soul There was a cry and spoke like Nong Nam Fon in front of relatives. And many of the parents in front of the coffin in the temple pavilion of the young lady had filmed the clip at some times, saying that she was crying Talk to mom and uncle. Like when living Which is sad is She asked for life but he shot. Right now, a lot of chest pain. Which is probably due to the fact that many ammunition is still in the chest Like the X -ray film that they have seen that there are still a lot Which is really sad. Today At the school that all 3 children who died There was a line in front of the flag pole. There is a mourning of the children. There are reading poems in remembrance of all 3 children. The atmosphere is sad.
Saddi, the spouses attached to the quarrels in the room, quarreling.|The spouses stuck in a quarrel in the room for a few days. Wife stabbed a 6 -wound husband and found the dead. The deceased was just appointed as a lawyer requesting the Court of Pattaya District, reporters reported that today (9 Sep) at 06.57 hrs. Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation) Udomsuk Police Station was notified of the husband and wife attached to the quarrel. Within a village, Srinakarin 1, Chaloem Phrakiat Road, Rama 9, Soi 14, Yaek 25, Dok Mai Subdistrict, Prawet District, Bangkok, therefore reported the supervisor before inspecting the forensic doctor, police hospital, probation officer Por Tek Tung Foundation Volunteer, the scene of the incident, is a 2 -story townhouse in the bedroom, 2nd floor, found the body of Mr. Krishna Pong, aged 51, a car driver career. Driving School in Bang Na area The condition lying face down With sheets covering the head to the waist Wear black shorts Being stabbed by a pointed knife into the left under the armpits and the left six -skeleton, 6 wounds, blood stains, near the ground, found a peeling knife about 20 centimeters long. The deceased wife sat around with the police, reporters reported that The operation is difficult. Because the cause and the deceased is a high risk group. Officials have to wear PPE clothes in with Nang Chitrat wearing a PPE dress in the car to keep the treatment and detained. When he recovered, he would be imprisoned later. As for the deceased volunteers, the body was put in a bag completely to create cremation. Without having to send an autopsy in any way. From inquiring, the neighbors revealed that the house had just been rented in less than a year. Live about 4-5 people often hear the voice of a loud voice coming out of the house often. Until this morning he heard the voice of a woman crying loudly, despite not being able to hear the quarrel in any way. From the inquiry, Mr Putthipong, 27 years old, the son -in -law testified to the police that This house lives a total of 5 people, parents, sisters, sisters. And he is a girlfriend with his sister In which the parents were sick as a couple to detain on the room for a few days, both of them argued To this day, in the morning there was a debate about family problems, causing fighting until the deaths of Pol. Maj. Sophonwat said that the basic cause was caused by personal problems. Report the charges of the culprit Kill others intentionally and ready to send to treatment. The interrogation will use video conferencing. When healed, he would proceed with the law. Reporters reported that Mr. Krishna Pong had just been appointed as a lawyer for the Pattaya District Court on 11 August 2018.
Taxi thievesAccepting young businessmenSnatching Rolex worth over 700,000 baht|At 13.00 hrs. On 10 September, Pol.Lt.Gen. Suwannarat, Director of Thonglor Police Station, Pol.Col. SSO, Thonglor Police Station And the investigative officer of Thonglor Police Station Jointly arrest Mr Thanakrit, 45 years old, along with the Rolex brand of the GMT OYX brand, 700,000 baht, wrapped in tissue paper hidden in a black bag where the victim was carrying. Arresting in the middle of Soi Pracharat Sai 1, Soi 36, Bang Sue Subdistrict, Bang Sue District, due to the 5th of September, who passed the injured, a 25 -year -old male businessman, reported the investigation officer of Thonglor Police Station. After on September 3, the past Came to visit the entertainment place at Sukhumvit 55 and called a taxi back home in Bang Waek District, Phasi Charoen District, Bangkok. Later, the investigation team of Thonglor Police Station Therefore inspected the CCTV, found that Victims on the pink taxi, registration number 1079, Bangkok But from the investigation, it was found that the destination that the victim was a pink taxi, registration number 4596, Bangkok Which is different from the victims from the entertainment venue. After that, the police inspected the taxi driver 4596, Bangkok, so it was not known that the injured person from Thonglor. But received from Charan Sanitwong Road From the inspection, it can be believed that the taxi registration number 1079, Bangkok The driver is the victim's watch. And from the investigation until knowing that Pink taxi driver, registration number 1079, Bangkok Was Mr Thanakrit. Later, the investigation team in Thonglor Police Station then inspected the dormitory in Soi Pracharat Sai 1, Soi 36, Bang Sue Subdistrict, Bang Sue District, Bangkok. And arrested as mentioned while driving a motorcycle and was shocked before trying to escape the arrest but was detained by Mr. Thanakrit Accept that there is a real taxi driving career After that, the police have searched the results of the Rolex Watch GMT OYSTER, which corresponds to the victim that the criminal has been stolen. Therefore confiscated as the middle, confirming that the victim's stolen had actually seen value, so he wanted to keep At the time of the incident on 3 Sep 65, before the incident, he drove a taxi. Pink number 1079 Bangkok And received the victim at the front of the shop But because the victim is drunk, unconscious He saw that the victim was wearing Rolex watches, so he released the victim's watch. After that, the victim then left the taxi to another car and then escaped from the evidence. The victim actually went. Which is the reason that the arrest warrant was issued But unable to issue a warrant because the accused may escape or destroy evidence According to additional history inspections, it was found that Mr Thanrit had been arrested for the burglary at night and was acquitted in 64 B.E., before leaving the said taxi. Initially, officials informed the allegations that "Stealing at night" before being sent to the inquiry officer of Thonglor Police Station Legal proceedings
shock!Uncle aged 62 pierced the 39 -year -old girlfriend before shooting himself.Despite having an appointment to put money to request|A 62 -year -old boy pierced his 39 -year -old girlfriend, extinguished and then using a gun to shoot himself to argue. The female sister is still confused. In the evening, the appointment will come to the ceremony to ask the reporter to report that yesterday (10 September) at 14.30 hrs. Police at Kud Rang Police Station, Maha Sarakham Province, was informed that there were 2 deaths at home. Por Daeng, Loeng Vtihang Subdistrict, Kut Rang District, Maha Sarakham Province Therefore rushed to investigate the scene With evidence And Prai Rescue Unit Teacher Baebue, the incident, was arguing. In the middle of the cassava farm at the end of the village Which is 2 kilometers away from the pig's house. Wear a black T -shirt Died on a bamboo carriage. In the argument, there was 1 gun falling beside the carriage on the right. The physical examination was found with a bullet in the chest, about 5 meters apart, found the body of Miss Krisana, 39, wearing a black and white spotted shirt and wearing long -sleeved shirts, wearing a jeans, died. The body is scratched like a knife under the milk. In addition, a knife is peeled at the scene. Close to each other, found a blue Honda Wave motor vehicle, registration number 661, Maha Sarakham parked from inquiring Mrs. Pornpimon, the female sister, said that today at the village There is a merit -making ceremony. At home, also making merit The sister who went to work in Khon Kaen province, therefore came home. After that, the man drove to say that this evening will take the money prepared for marriage to put the ceremony to the request. Then the man told him to take his sister to the farm. To talk about something Until about 1 hour passed Which he wanted to take his sister to visit his father at the hospital too Therefore came out at the rear garden When he arrived, the bodies had died. Both of them were dating for about 1 year. The younger sister worked in Khon Kaen province, while the man worked as a farmer, doing a farm at home. As for the cause of this sad story They do not know what the problem has passed. They both talk to each other. Normally, there has never been a story about each other, but suddenly there is a sad story without a flute. And without any premonition And when the man came to pick up his sister Didn't see any weapons while Mr Thongsai's brother -in -law said that normally the deceased is a good person, diligent, working, likes to farm in the garden. He has not met with the man for a long time. Most recently, we met last week that the district office Which that day had transferred the land to his son In which Mr Thongsai said as an omen Go home, visit the son too. Before the relatives called Mr Thongsai to die Police Lieutenant Colonel Pongphan Kheawsai, Roi Roi, the owner of the case, revealed that after investigating the incident and inquiring the preliminary witness Know that both of them should come and talk, clear, clear personal problems After that, the man used a knife to peel the fruit in the milk rail. Before using the gun to turn the mouth into the chest And shot himself to death to escape the offense. Officials will investigate in depth. To find the true cause Before giving the body to both relatives to proceed according to tradition
The young man shot the assistant leader.Resentful, secretly Kikmia warned, not listening to the 9 shots, extinguished the factory|The young man shot the assistant leader. Resentful, secretly a warning, not listening to 9 matches, extinguished the factory back to sit and cry at the waiting room (10 Sep 65) at 21.30 hrs. Nong Yai Police Station was informed of the shooting in the rubber factory, Khlong Phlu Subdistrict, Nong Yai District, Chon Buri Province. Police Colonel Kajornsak Somwang, Director of Nong Yai Police Station and Sawang moral rescue, Ban Bueng Association Nong Yai spots within the factory Found the body of Mr. Phithak, 45 years old, working as the assistant leader of the production Sleep dead There were 9 mm guns shot into the head and body. Inspect 9 mm 9 mm shell shell, inquiring about the dead son, 18 years old, who saw the incident Revealed that while the father was standing to check the work, there was a maintenance technician. Walked and pulled the firearm and shot two rounds, falling down and walked to shoot many more shots He would not be brave enough because he didn't know if he would turn the gun to shoot himself or not. Witnesses who saw the event The other revealed that he heard the sound of a gunshot turned to see that the deceased fell. After that, he didn't dare to help. And saw the shot running away to the back door of the company. Later, Pol. Pol. Col. Longsiri Saeng, the SSO, led to arrest Mr. Somchat, 45 years old The culprit at the accommodation of Ms. A (the fictional name), the young wife is not far from the scene. In which Mr. Somchat sat and waited for a 9 -mm firearm in the magazine, not even one ball bearing. He was aware that the deceased had been involved in the adultery with his wife who worked in the same factory. He had warned and prohibited. But the deceased was still secretly dating his wife, so he was resentful to prepare a gun to shoot out this time. Initially, the police charged Mr. Somchat. Kill others by the public shot in public and carrying firearms and ammunition to the city and public without permission. Proceed with legal proceedings
Former husband invaded the teeth-splashing the 56-year-old woman with a new husbandIn fact, only people come to help assemble the bed.|Broke up for 2 months. Former husband invaded-splashing a 56-year-old woman's acid. In fact, only people came to help assemble the bed (11 Sep 65). At 130.30 hrs. Buriram city Was notified of a physical assault at Ban Sai Yong Nuea, Village No. 19, Krasang Subdistrict, Mueang District, Buriram Province. Therefore coordinated the rescuers of Krasang Subdistrict Administrative Organization to investigate the incident, found Miss Kheaw, 56 years old, asked for help. In the head area Being sharp and sharp objects The eyes can't forget. Have a burning pain According to the clothes, there are prunes Expected to be caused by an acid. While being taken to the Buriram Center Hospital Which can still be said Said that the offender was Mr. Chamrat or a 47 -year -old man, his ex -husband who had just broke up 2 months ago He asked Mr. Prachuap, 58, a neighbor to help make a new bed. Which today is expected to be completed Suddenly had a former husband Which broke up for about 2 months. Holding a knife and said "Do you do this much?" Before pulling his arm out of the front of the house and using a knife to teeth in the head 1 time while he was Put his hand on the head The ex -husband also splashed some water on the face and body. Causing a burning pain and then escaping. Personally, believe that the ex -husband who has been eating for about 10 years should be jealous Think that he made a bed to be with a new boyfriend But the true story is that he only gave the neighbors to help. Mrs. Nicha Patchara, 29, a daughter -in -law, said that at that time heard the mother cry loudly. Therefore ran in to see the mother, sleeping, requesting help As for the ex -husband of the mother Drive away in front When examined, the mother's clothes were porous. Expected to repeat the acid water Such actions are considered too harsh. Because he had broke up Should end and do not have children together to bind As for the reason, it was believed that it was caused by jealousy, while she was 64 years old. Riding a motorcycle around many times Until attacking to drag his arms, put a knife Then repeatedly splashed acid As for whether he was jealous of the head or not, he didn't know the latest Police investigated, Muang Buriram police station, followed the arrest of Mr. Young. At the fields of the rice fields Ban Buat Lek, Saeng Phan Subdistrict, Lam Plai Mat District, Buriram Province, which is the mother's mother's house Along with the belongings as a weapon, there is a place and a motorcycle that has escaped. Acting The reason is because of not satisfied with the wife. Go to make a new bed with a new man at home. Seems to be eating Even though they broke up But couldn't accept it because it was a hurtful picture Confident, not to hire Because he knew the clue before Accepting wrong, sorry, the wife who did it because he couldn't really bear while Prachuap, 58, who came to help make the bed for Miss Kheaw, said that she was hired by Miss Kheaw. To help make a new bed Because the old one is damaged Therefore come to connect the steel And assembled to take 2 days during the incident Going to prepare the bed into the bedroom The injured went to sweep the house in the room. After that, there was a young man. The ex -husband rode a motorcycle to park. While carrying a knife and said that doing this is bad Therefore responded what I did at first Will come in to put on him, so hold the bed legs If rushing in, will respond After that, the injured saw the incident. Therefore walked out in the appearance of the young man to pull the injured arm out At first I thought that I would not dare to do anything. Therefore walked to call the daughter -in -law of the house. During that time he heard the pontoon Therefore hurriedly came out to see Ms Kheow falling down, so called the officer to help Confirm that he didn't have anything with Miss Kheaw. Just hiring to make a bed. The police charged assault for others to be harmed by serious, carrying weapons, knives. Send an inquiry official In order to proceed with legal proceedings
The husband splashed the former wife to surrender and revealed to reconcile, even the 5th child with a boys.|The progress of the young man splashed in the former wife. The latest wife surrendered. Ready to reveal the tragic knot Trying to reconcile Although the woman has the 5th child and the adultery after the Tiktok @louistik14 user posted a clip of a young woman being splashed with acids into the face. Until having to run in to ask for help at a beauty salon in Don Mueang District, Bangkok "The additional shop technician, I found an unexpected event. She was hit by a very pity of the acid. "The incident occurred on the evening of 11 September. According to the news, the latest progress today (13 September), Col. Chanot Poi, a smart white poet, Pak Thong Chai Police Station, Nakhon Ratchasima, revealed that in the morning, Mr. Somprasong, 31 years old, the culprit traveled to surrender to the police. Pak Thong Chai Police Station The cause of the confession that the offender was attacked by his wife, Miss Thanon, 25 years old, until he was seriously injured. In which the inquiry official has made a recorded And coordinated with Don Mueang Police Station to come to pick up this accused. Mr. Somprasong, 31, who revealed that he knew his wife about 7 years ago, in Phuket, who worked as a fireman. As for the woman, working on a beauty salon At that time, the woman had 1 child attached to him and she had a relationship with the woman until having 3 children. Later, they moved to Bangkok. The woman went to have someone else. And had another child with another man while trying to break up with him before the incident, he asked to reconcile with the woman And asked to come back to take care of the children together But can't agree He then caused anger, using the acid that was prepared to splash at the woman. After the incident, she fled to the hometown of Pak Thong Chai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province and took all 4 children. And 1 year, respectively, to leave for her mother to help take care of the other 1 child, who is the child of the 2 -month -old adultery, has given to be a adopted child of the philanthropist since giving birth. Before she decided to surrender to the police officer, Mali, 50, the mother of Mr. Somprasong, the accused, revealed that after knowing the story, she spoke from the son to surrender, and his son would have to endure and raise her grandchildren. All 4 people, but their families are poor. And if he really can't raise Probably have to help the grandchildren to help adopt
Water reduced the body!Rayong shocked, found a body floating face in the middle of the pool.The trace is like being strangled.|Water reduced the body! Rayong shocked, found a short -haired body with tattoos. Floated face in the middle of the pool The trace is similar to being strangled (13 Sep 65) at 08.00 hrs. Police officers in Klaeng Police Station, Rayong Province, was informed by the villagers, found the water in the Nong Waen Pool, Village No. 1, Wag. . Klaeng, Rayong province, then rushed to inspect when he found a large pool. Found the body of a woman wearing a cream -colored short -sleeved T -shirt. Buddhism, Klaeng District Brought the dead body by the deceased, short hair, about 30 years old, with tattoos on both ankle and right wrist There are wounds on the lips and neck. There are signs that are similar to some of the neck. Expected to die no more than 24 hours. Ask Mrs. Wongduen, villagers in the area. Informed that the chicken basket was washed, then found the body and then quickly informed the rescue and coordinated the police at the scene, Mr Suphot, her husband, Nang Wongduen said that While bringing the chicken basket to wash in the pool And while going into the water, he found the water, so the wife quickly informed the rescue and police officers. Along with coordinating the relatives who it is from to proceed with the law
The court decided the case of 3 brothers and sisters.The relatives of the deceased|The court decided the case of 3 brothers and sisters. The family of Bangfit and the killings of the soil "Surat Khao", the deceased, just punished only the death of a brutal killing case. 3 brothers "Rueng Samut" led by Mr. Suriya Rung Samut or Bangfit, 32 years old, Mr. Su Su Chai Rung Samut or Kibli, 38 years old, Mr. Suriyan Rueng Samut or Kor Kor escape the age of 30, along with 5 other 8 people, together with a brutal killing case, killing acids, buried soil, Mr. Suchart Khao, aged 53. Year and also bring the saloon of the deceased to set fire And dig a grave About 2 km away from the body of the body in Ban Nong Bae, Village No. 1, Nong Thale Subdistrict, Mueang Krabi District, which the police found the body on May 13, 64 after the relatives and daughters of the deceased. Report the missing people at Lam Thap Police Station, Krabi province, which caused the conflict of debt In debt Then was invaded to collect the debt to the house. Later, the police at Ao Nang Police Station According to the culprit, raised the gang In the investigation, the accused was rejected. Later, on June 8, the Krabi court made an appointment for the first day of the witness. It turns out that all the accused group Withdraw the original testimony By changing to confessed in court Due to surrender to evidence Causing the court to make an appointment for this case again. The latest on September 13 at the trial room at the Krabi court, the Court of First Instance, arranged to listen to the verdict of this case. The defendant in this case has a total of 8 people, consisting of the defendant 1. Mr. Suriya Rung Samut or Bang Fit 2. Mr. Surachai Rung Samut or Kibali 3. Mr. Suriyan Rung Samut or Kor escape 4. Mr. Arlip Mechanic Or Bang Lip 5. Mr. Wisat Si Prang 6. Mr. Wirat Srisamad or Bang Tum 7. Mr. Atsadawut Siwun or the shadow 8. Mr. Chokdee Chan -on or Bangbus respectively, with relatives of the deceased. Led by Mrs. Nam Sing Pila, the wife of Mr. Suchat Miss Boonruen Khao, 45 years old, sister and Mr. Chairat Family The authorized lawyer of Mr. Chuwong Maneekul, the lawyer, whose relatives are lawyers, together with the prosecutor. Come to listen to the verdict But the deceased daughter Did not travel to listen to the verdict In which the court reads the verdict via video conferencing For the accused in the case of listening Due to all the accused Detained at the special prison, Khao Bin, Ratchaburi Province, after listening to the decision, Mr. Chairat revealed that the initial Court of First Instance sentenced to imprisonment for the defendant 1-4 for the 5th defendant. -8 imprisonment for 1 year, 6 months and all the defendants shall pay the damages in total of 5,035,000 baht and the reason that the Court of First Instance punished Probably because the group of accused changed the testimony Come to confess in court After this, the lawyer team of the injured party Prepare to make an appeal within 30 days in order to increase the penalty with the group of culprit. Because looking at the behavior, according to the feeling that the penalty is too light because they jointly commit an offense There should be a penalty for the death of Miss Bun Ruen Khao, the younger sister, Mr. Suchat revealed that the decision to admit that relatives are not satisfied as the victim. Think of the execution After this, will discuss with the relatives and the lawyer team should appeal to increase the penalty. As for the damages submitted to 5 million baht, the court decided to receive the damages as demanded.
Realizing the body of a floating girl in Rayong, aged 19, 5 months, last night, still a video calling with her boyfriend|Realizing the body of a floating girl in Rayong, aged 19, pregnant for 5 months, the boyfriend revealed last night, still a video call to talk. But someone came out of the house from the case that the police at Klaeng Police Station were informed of a young woman died in a hundred rai pond, Nong Waen Rang Rim Road, Village Road, Village No. 1, Kwian Subdistrict, Klaeng District, Rayong Province, found a woman. The girl does not know the name of the hair long, about 155 cm high. On the right arm in English, the word "Tim Biw" and a star tattoo above the left -legged eye, the underwear was discussed at the waist. According to the news, the latest progress (13 Sep 65) Police Colonel Praphat Dom, the director of Klaeng Police Station, said that from the inspection, the deceased is Ms. Krisana (reserved surname), 19 years old, is a person in the area of Klaeng District, Rayong Province. Currently, living at a house in the sub -district. Mr. Peerapong (reserved surname), 22 years old, officials called to interrogate Mr. Peerapong. The boyfriend of the deceased revealed that he had traveled to work in Nakhon Si Thammarat province. And returned to Rayong at around 05.00 hrs. Their girlfriend is a weak person. Believe that people are easy to deceive, often go. The girlfriend is Thai, but there is no ID card. Right now, my girlfriend is about 5 months pregnant and is expected to leave the house around 8:00 pm but do not know who to go with. He and his girlfriend rarely get together. Because he had to go to work in the provinces on a regular basis. Will come back to meet. Mr. Peerapong testified that yesterday night, he just a video call to the wife. And there is no prepaid omen In the past, there was never a problem with anyone. Very sad because he lost his wife and children in the stomach. From inquiring friends, knowing that at 4:00 am, Cambodians expected to be friends. Came to pick up his wife from the village of Atthaporn Subdistrict, Kwian Subdistrict, Klaeng District, before someone found that he died His wife used to work at the karaoke shop. But didn't do it for a long time after marrying him Initially, officials were in the process of investigating and gathering evidence clearly before concluded again. Currently, the investigation is going to find clues. Including checking the CCTV And coordinate the police to prove the evidence of Rayong province To investigate the incident
urgent!Sergeant crazy to shoot colleaguesIn the building of the Army Study Department, 2 hurts 1|The incident occurred. In the Army Study Department Building Bangkok Army College, 2 other injuries, 1 person today (14 September). Reporters reported that at 09.00 hrs. Within the Royal Thai Army College, Damri, Dusit District, Bangkok. Found to die at the scene of the incident, which is Sergeant Major Nopparat, 58 years old. And died at Vachira Hospital. In addition, There is still another injured person, Sergeant Major Yongyuth, the clerk of the Army, was shot in the arms of the officers. Vachira Hospital reported that The culprit is Sergeant Major Yongyut, 58 years old, the clerk of the Bureau of the Bureau had experienced an accident before. And maintain But still have symptoms Expected stress Holding a firearm at the scene Announced to shoot all 10 people. Later, at 10.15 hrs. Officials were able to detain Sergeant Sergeant Yongyut, who committed the crime. The details will be reported further.
The police revealed that Sergeant Sergeant Krang shot, shot 2 bodies, testified to stir up the knot, intended to kill 10 people.|Police Colonel Krishna Pattanacharoen, Deputy Spokesman of the Royal Thai Police Revealed that at 09.00 hrs. Wednesday (14 September). Hotline 191 was notified of a firearm user in the military unit. Come to the scene of the first set Found a soldier as a soldier Therefore negotiated to surrender to surrender at 10:00 am outside the department can control the situation As well as gathering evidence and interrogating the preliminary incident found that the latest 9 mm guns were used. There were 2 deaths, 1 scene, and at another hospital, another injury. For the motivation Still investigating the news that the person will shoot all 10 colleagues, the person still gives a surrounding And investigate mental disorders Haven't cut any issues Whether intention or conflict and medical treatment history. The police confirmed that Will prosecute as usual, even though the cause of the military area From now on, it will be considered according to the situation before opening the traffic on Terd Dam Road.
Secretary of the Minister of Justice revealed that the name of the hero in the Forex-3D case of DSI|Secretary of the Minister of Justice revealed that there was never the name of the famous hero Appeared in the DSI investigation system. Forex-3D case, but if any victim wishes to report the wrong, can notify the DSI from the case of a collection of cheating from Forex-3D, revealing the information that the male protagonist is famous as One of the networks to persuade the victims to invest in Forex-3D Today (14 Sep) at Lieutenant Thanakrit Chitrairat The Secretary of the Minister of Justice revealed that the information from the said page was initially. And inquired to the Department of Special Investigation or DSI, knowing that the names of the said actor and related persons Never appeared in the investigation system of DSI, from the beginning of more than 10,000 victims, there was no one who gave the said actor. Which is believed to be caused by the said star and close person There may be discussions and mediation until completed. Therefore not fascinated with the type 2, that is not yet reported Which, if it is the case after DSI gives the opportunity to other victims That has been damaged by the persuasion of this young actor to report further because the case has not expired. If looking at the format of the Forex-3D case, DSI will prosecute in 2 forms, namely Of money laundering is The transfer of money back and forth between Mr Apirak and the accused in the case. Which can be checked from this financial route. DSI has proceeded to file a prosecutor. And the prosecutor has comments to recommend that DSI has prosecuted many additional groups such as Pinky girl, Sawika, etc. The other case is in the investment group, playing or persuading other people to play. This format will not be transferred directly to Mr Apirak, but will be transferred into the Forex-3D system, which will be another form. In this section, there are still many victims who have not yet reported. If the prosecutor saw that the actor would be sued in the case as well There may be advice for DSI to proceed, which DSI is ready to proceed according to the instructions of the prosecutor.
Uncle -in -law raped a 12 -year -old niece for 5 months.|Parents disinterested 2 daughters with Aunt Daughter, Primary 6, 12 years old, was raped by uncle for 5 months. But let's accept first Afraid that the reporter will report that today (14 Sep) at 11.00 hrs. At Dong Yen Police Station, Supachai Kham Bua District Police Station Mr. Yao (name is assumed), 42 years old, Khok Klang villagers, Village No. 4, Ban Tat Subdistrict, Ban Dung District, Udon Thani Province and Miss A (assumed name), 12 years old. . Visa Krabong, Ban Dung District, Mr. Nirut Phromok, Kamnan, Ban Tat Subdistrict, Medicine, Staff from Ban Tat Subdistrict and Ban Tat village headman Join the information and observe Mr. Yao (the fictional name), the father of the child revealed that there is a ten -wheeled truck hired in Bangkok. Rent in Bangkok. They have 3 children. The eldest is a 15 -year -old man, a 12 year old. Therefore left the youngest daughter with Nang Yuen (Namsamsum), 44 years old, her sister, who has Mr. Sangiam Brother -in -law is in charge of the same house. Both have raised the youngest daughter since Baek. Until love like a child When April sent a Miss A with aunt and Uncle -in -law To help feed the younger and study at home The eldest son lived with grandfather and grandmother. He was very sorry that this happened. I don't think the person we trust the most. Will do with our daughter like this Right now, both parents are not daring to ask the story directly from the child. Afraid that it would affect the daughter's feelings Can only console children Encouraging the whole child. Personally, I have not accused Uncle -in -law that the actual cause. If the actual act is liable And come to show sincerity If not done, must come out to clarify So that everyone disappears when the story is so aggressive Want to protect the feelings of the child first If the offense is actually done, please prosecute to the end. As for my aunt, I would like to come back to take care of my children as before. The relatives of each other are not cut off. Mr. Nirut Phromok, Kamnan, Ban Tat Subdistrict, revealed that on September 9, received from the school teacher that A A. was studying that the child had symptoms. Depress When inquiring, he was informed that he had been raped for more than 5 months for a long time, so the teacher brought the child to check the body at the hospital. And call the child's father Before gathering evidence, reporting the said said, Mr. Sangiam is a good person, diligent to make a living. But didn't think that he would behave like this Which, from the testimony, the child is clear to be acting At this time, the police have not issued a subpoena or the latest arrest warrant. Mr Sangiam's sister called to surrender. But still asking for some time to accept Because of fear of being harmed Or not safe But already said that Will pick up by yourself and guarantee safety Please contact me as soon as possible. Reporters reported that during the Miss A is at home, raising her sister. During the holidays, I didn't go to school. Uncle -in -law will rely on the aunt to go out. Acting to rape, Miss A at home, from the information that Miss A has been raped by Uncle 7-8 times since the beginning of May. 2022 and the latest incident occurred on September 7, Uncle -in -law, inviting Miss A, granddaughter to the fields. In order to check the fishing fishing hooks since last night, Miss Ae Long believed to go out as well Before being raped by uncle again Until the child returned to school and was depressed Until the teacher noticed and acknowledged the said story
DJ Man-Bai ToeiSneak for DSI. Forex-3D case rejects all allegations.|The Department of Special Investigation (DSI) revealed that at 14.00 hrs. Wednesday (14 September), DJ Man-Mr. Pattanaphon Minthakin and famous singers. Bai Toei-Miss Suthiwan Kunchorn, he met a special investigation officer in the Forex-3D case (Forex-Threedee) before the appointment specified on Thursday (15 September). Criminal Procedure Code, Section 134, requiring the inquiry official to proceed with the law with the subpoena Therefore, there are allegations to both people in 3 offenses as follows: DJ Man and Pandan are informed of the allegations. But also denied the allegations With the fact that the facts to resolve the allegations and send documents to the additional special investigation officers by 30 September after the investigation, the special investigation officers released both people without control. Which is a mother and child It appears that both of them have a letter to report the incident that makes it impossible to travel to meet the special case investigation officers on Thursday (15 September) and request to postpone the allegations to Friday (16 Sep) instead
The son of the sergeant shot 2 bodies, carrying the document "The Doctor's schedule" to the insider police to reveal conflicts.|The son of Sergeant Sergeant shot 2 bodies, carrying the document "The Doctor's schedule" to the insider police revealed that there was a conflict and a brain illness from the case of the rank of Sergeant Sergeant. Clerk position The 59 -year -old Army College has taken unknown firearms. Entered within the Army College, Dusi District and fired military personnel Which is currently working in the office As a result, 2 military officers died and 1 injured. The police invited the witness at the scene. And colleagues in the same place as the culprit Came to give a testimony at Dusit Police Station to solve the true cause of this incident By a man Which is a junior soldier Working within the Army College After the completion walked out of the police station The reporter tried to inquire about the incident. Referred to At the scene of work in another building (Not the building of the incident) heard the sound of gunshots Therefore finding a place to hide in the building Wait until the incident is calm. Therefore leaving the building By not looking at the scene. Used to have mental problems Neurological But personally, I have never talked with And never know whether there is a problem with anyone or not. In the latest at 13.30 hrs. S. Yongyut, the culprit Traveled to Dusit Police Station In which the son brought the document file, which the file page wrote "Doctor's schedule" ran down from the taxi to the 3rd floor of the police station. Hurry to report the news that the reason that Yongyuth A. Should be from the internal conflict that has occurred for a long time And many other reasons. In addition, Yong Yongyuth has a brain problem that has been affected. From an accident while traveling to training the military promotion course And there is still news stating that The accused had a stress that had a heavy impact on the mind. From the case of being nominated by the supervisor Because colleagues receive the behavior of the accused who like to carry firearms to work Causing fear for colleagues And asked the supervisor to move out By last Friday The accused had tried to cause the incident once. But the supervisor prohibits the latest atmosphere Officials took more than 3 hours to interrogate. In the investigation, there was a military officer. Including the high level of the army and command of the accused Join in this interrogation as well. However, if the interrogation is complete this evening Officials may detain the accused to jail to the military court in Sanam Luang area.
The most durable female clerk!Unfold the military statue of a colleagueWhile also invading the house, hoping to rape|A female clerk Working in a military camp in Kanchanaburi Province revealed a picture of a male soldier. Who works in the same military camp Mangria, female businessmanship, colleagues In the middle of the government office, this clerk was revealed through the midday program on Channel 3HD that the said soldier had invaded his house to ask for sex as well. But he resisted and survived that event, this victim revealed that They are not just one victim. But there are other victims Which was done in a similar manner from this soldier who is the "child" of his supervisor. And the investigation committee was established But the story was quiet
Prison 12 years, the secretary, the mayor secretly snatch money in the bedroom for 5 years, lost more than 10 million.|12 years prison, the prime minister secretly snatch money in the bedroom for 5 years, lost more than 10 million. Found to steal every day from the case on September 24, 2020, Don Hua Lo police officers arrested Ms. Sunantha, 29 years old, civil registration officer Mueang Chon Buri District With evidence from the CCTV in the bedroom of Mrs. Tuangthip Phawasutchaikit Mayor of Nong Mai Daeng Subdistrict Had captured the behavior while searching the bedroom Before taking out the money in the pocket After examining the CCTV images thoroughly, Ms. Sunantha has caused the same way every day, a total of 21 times, since it for over 5 years. Approximately 5,000 to 20,000 baht. Until the latter, he has always noticed why the money is gone every day. At first, I was wondering everyone around him. Even her daughter still thinks it is a thief. Until being seen by the people around him, having mental symptoms with suspicion until the latest, then decided in the CCTV in the bedroom, so saw all the behavior of the stingy girl By being extremely resistant Let the camera capture every day for 21 days, so you are sure that what he suspects the criminal who steals money every day is Miss Sunantha, so decided to bring the CCTV clip to report. In which the police officers have accused of burglary And embezzlement in the residence While checking the revolving money in the bank's bank account, more than 5 banks have been opened, and some banks have accumulated over 4 million baht, despite the salary of only 12,000 baht of municipal employees, the accused confessed. That he had committed a real offense Which has been done for about 2 years and claiming that the cause of greed As for the embezzlement, it was used to spend daily. In which the victim Expected to disappear almost 10 million baht. Charged with fraud, different karma, and then entered the judicial process in the Chonburi Provincial Court But the accused appeared to the Supreme Court By claiming that there is a burden to take care of the old parents and have to support children who have not studied or have other reasons as claimed The petition is still not enough to listen to the imprisonment of the defendant. At the Court of Appeals 2, the discretion does not wait for the imprisonment. Suitable for the circumstances of the case Therefore sentenced to a total of 12 years of the accused, with reporters Also received a report that Have sued civil according to the Chonburi Provincial Court Have sued as well After the Chonburi Provincial Court decided in this case, Mrs. Tuangthip Revealed the feeling that The past during the case was considered at the court. He felt that it was very slow. Until today, he was most happy. That can take the wrong person who does not know the merit of good people as well To be punished by law All the time Because if you feel guilty, you will not fight the case until the Supreme Court He therefore wanted to leave this story as an example for others. That even if we do well with anyone, it's not that he is good to answer with us This time, it is also a important lesson of his life.
Tragic, invade the husband-wife, pregnant for 9 months, amphetamines, 1,581 tablets, both purple pee|Tragic, invade the husband-wife, pregnant for 9 months, amphetamines, 1,581 tablets, both purple pee Near the birth is still taking drugs (14 Sep 65) at 14.30 hrs. Col. Kan Tangwichit, Director of Ban Phue Police Station, Udon Thani Province, knowing that there is a smuggling of amphetamines at Rubber plantation In the west of Non Du Village, Village No. 5, Non Thong Subdistrict, therefore ordered Capt. Bring out to inspect Found a white pickup truck, registration number 8499, Udon Thani, parked on the side of the road beside the rubber plantation and cassava farm. And a man standing in the back of the car Know the name later that Mr Chakkaphong, 26 years old, S. Sasima, 20 years old, is a husband and wife when meeting the police, Sasima, who is pregnant, 9 months, showing shock until crying. The police then requested to search for a blue backpack that Ms. Sasima held on the left hand. From the search of Sasima's shoulder bag, found a methamphetamine pills containing 6 blue plastic envelopes, 1 pink envelope, 2 clear plastic envelopes, including 1,581 methamphetamine pills and 3.4 grams of ice, so Detained Mr. Chakrapong and Ms. Sasima together with the belongings to the police station to investigate. Police Lieutenant Somsak Duj Paiyap, Deputy Police Station, Ban Phue Police Station, revealed that the police investigated that Mr Chakrapong and Ms. Sasima, two husband and wife have behavior. Have been using and selling drugs for a long time As for the wife who is pregnant for 9 months, both addicted and selling Today, the police investigated the two husband and wife to pay wages of cassava workers. By paying wages in money and 2 methamphetamine each tablet. With a shoulder bag with 1,581 methamphetamine tablets and ice drugs when detained for investigation at the police station Examined urine Found that the urine is purple, both of them, which Ms. Sasima confessed that he had been using drugs for a long time. Even pregnant for 9 months, still always using methamphetamine And will give birth on October 3, still use amphetamines Which Mr Chakkaphong also eaten as well, the police reported the charges Eating and jointly have a type 1 drug (amphetamine, ice drug) in possession for illegal distribution Detained for further legal proceedings
State SecretaryWarning social media. Dig Forex-3D. Be careful to find the stump and will be busy.|Acting Lieutenant Thanakrit Chit Arirat, Secretary of the Minister of Justice Said in the trend Which aired on Thursday (15 September) on Channel 3HD television, warning social media users to be careful of digging information and exposing the sharing of the Forex-3D chain (Faif-Thordee) because May meet "stump" or a person who is influential to this matter. "No, but not, but a little. Just a moment, saying that social media, he likes to dig a little, be careful to dig and then find the stump and then it will be busy." Second Lieutenant Thanakrit spoke. Opening speech That social media digging this matter Until the name of the young actor who was involved in this case Which later learned that the accused actor was Krating-Khun Narong, Rat, and in the show, there was another actress-Kamam Klomkaew joined with the secretary of the Minister of Justice. With a surprise that "Haha!" This words of Lieutenant Thanakrit create doubts to the internet users what they want to convey. Many people notice that Shows that knowing that "Tor" or influencers related to Frox-Threedee, who is that? At the same time, there is an expression that Well, to know who "Tor" is. In addition, some opinions call for the secretary of this minister to speak directly. What would you like to warn?
Open chat, grade 3 "I made a gun at a friend" before leaving the canal.Closed circuit capture|Provincial Investigation Officer Region 1 brought the Mr. A (assumed name), aged 15, who caused the gun to fire at Mr. B (assumed name), aged 14 years, a student died. At the computer room Along with Mr. C (assumed name), 18 years old, a senior friend who is a motorcycle driver to take the gun away Go to point the gun at 22.00 hrs. Thursday (15 September) at the Bang Phai Canal. Near Kasinthorn School Bang Rak Phatthana Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province, with the officers spent about 1 hour in the entire Thai gun. From the inquiry, Mr C 18, a senior friend who took the gun to reveal that the day of the incident (The gunman fired) calling but he didn't answer. After that, another friend pressed to read in the chat, found that Mr. A. Chat came to say that he made a gun at a friend. He hurried to drive out to find the school, but couldn't find it. Later, she ran to find him while parking, waiting in front of the school, with Mr. A sending one shirt to a roll. Which he didn't think of anything Therefore drove back home When he arrived home, he flicked his shirt out. The gun fell down. He and his friends hurried to drive the water gun to the Bang Phai Canal. CCTV images can be captured at 17.17 hrs. At the car waiting for the bus. Bang Phai Canal Road Found 5 young men sitting inside the pavilion After that, the youth wore a black long -sleeved shirt stood up and leaned down outside the pavilion. Like sagging firearms into the canal
Grandma, student, grade 3, heartbreaking after the grandchildren were hit by a gunMother, children ask for justice|At 23.00 hrs. Thursday (15 September). Reporters traveled to meet Mrs. Lada Ngam, aged 59 years (wearing a green stripe shirt) or Yai Yai, who is the most beautiful Naphasin or Nong Chok, 14 years old, a secondary school student at Wat Lat Pla Duk School, Nonthaburi Province, who died from the classmates, brought Thai firearms invented. 38 to play at the school. Until causing the gun to fire in the head until causing death. Because the mother has to go to work in Pathum Thani Province Previously, there was no omen. Because if he had him, he would absolutely not allow the grandchildren to go to school But this has no omen at all. The grandmother of the deceased said The grandchildren's computer is still located in the bedroom. He didn't know what to say. It was all sad. Miss Pawina Ngam, 35, the deceased mother, said that she wanted the child to be fair. Because he knew what his child was, friends, he knew what luck was Why does his child have to encounter something like this? Anything that is distorted, please come out and clarify. Because everything has clear evidence. The mother of the deceased revealed that she has separated from his father since pregnant and raising children alone. Their children still have a future. But before playing the game, sometimes on home with Grandma No matter what you do, you will ask for permission before eating. Is a child who speaks well And had to meet like this, even though he had said that If he graduated from grade 3, he will apply for a military school. Everything is broken. And then he had only one child. Ms Pawina said that he wanted to ask the child who shot why his children Just punching his child is no longer fighting. Is there any reason to kill each other? Is it too harsh? Children of society today are even more in school. It's sad that the teacher said that the keyboard exploded. And the children who caused the incident rarely seen in the school line group Because he rarely comes to study How can his child have a problem with him? Mrs. Nan Passojad, 57 years old or a small grandmother, who is another relative of the deceased. (Wearing glasses, blue shirts) said that children are about to have a future, they want to be fair to our family too. What is the big one? What to do? Because he raised his All of us are all heartbroken. But this big grandmother is the heaviest Because his heart is not strong because of heart disease If anything, who will be responsible?
The Criminal Court ordered the execution of "Mae Pook", 2 children posting a Facebook post, requesting to donate money.|The Criminal Court ordered the execution of "Mae Pook", 2 children posting a Facebook post, requesting to donate money. Point out to confess because of the surrender of the evidence yesterday (15 Sep 65). The Criminal Court has the verdict of the Black Case. 38/2563 at the prosecutor's office, the Human Trafficking Office 3, the plaintiff filed a lawsuit against Ms. Natthawan or Puk, the defendant in Charges of human trafficking In order to seek benefits from bringing people to beggars As a result, the victim was harmful and died, trying to kill others, harming others, begging, fraud, fraud by acting as someone else, importing into a computer system to use children. Is a beggar tool in the case of allegations that Between 22 April 2015 - 12 Aug 62, the defendant accepted a 4 -year -old girl (the deceased) from the mother to support the defendant's house. While raising, the children swallow the food that is mixed with continuous corrosion, causing children to have gastrointestinal injuries. Severe high blood pressure Blood vomiting Until having to go to the hospital many times Then the defendant brought the image of the child while the illness was posted on Facebook. Personally, inviting people to be compassionate. Come to help buy various products And request to donate medical expenses. In addition, between 10 September 2017 - 18 May 63, the defendant has made the son of the defendant who is a 2 -year -old boy (the victim 1) seriously injured from swallowing the food that Continued to continuously blended many times, with the defendant posting a child's picture while illness invites the donation as well. There are 2-6 victims of compassion and donated through the defendant's account. During the consideration of the defendant to confess (During the consideration of the defendant being imprisoned at the Central Female Correctional Institution) by the court that The defendant is guilty of many karma. To punish all karma as a crime As for the defendant, the confession is because of the evidence. Therefore do not reduce the penalty When all the penalties are also punished When the defendant was punished Therefore cannot bring the penalty for the plaintiff to blame to combine with this case again And not counting the defendant from the case that the plaintiff asked The court has issued a verdict of the defendant to return 31,600 baht in the amount of 2,000 baht in the amount of 3,800 baht in the amount of 3,140 baht in the amount of 2,400 baht to the victim 2-6 respectively and to receive the mobile phone as well.
"Nong Ta" opens the mouth and sad, making a gun to "Nong Chok", a dear friend died.|Open the heart of Nong Ta, who committed the crime Revealed that there was never a problem with luck. Because he was a best friend in the event of a shocking incident Inside the computer classroom of a famous school in Bang Rak Phatthana Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province. But was released at Nong Chok, a friend in the room died Before the people who caused the outside to come to receive clearly, "I made a gun at a friend." Before throwing the gun to throw the canal. Finally, the police conflict until they met. According to the news, reporters reported that today (16 Sep) at 11:30 am at Bang Bua Thong Police Station, Nonthaburi Province, "Nong Ta", the crime, revealed that the day of the incident forgot. Forget that you Hide the gun in the winter pocket. After friends call So ran to By holding a sweater After that, grabbed the sweater to wear. Finally, the gun fell on the ground. Then fired "Nong Chok" and rushed to help But the friend has died. Pol. Maj. Gen. Phaisan Wongwacharamongkol, Ph.D., Nonthaburi Province, traveled to Bang Bua Thong police station to monitor the progress of the case. Including simulating the ammunition events And receiving a summary report summary of the investigation in which the police detained a male student in grade 3, who made a firearm at Nong Chok, my classmates died. Came to interrogate in front of the multidisciplinary again After yesterday, the staff and the initial questions were asked. Including other classmates. Maj. Gen. Phaisan said that from the investigation of the deceased friend Know that the basic cause was caused by a gun Because during the incident, while Nong Chok The deceased was sitting on the computer. As for the younger who made the gun Secretly carrying firearms into the classroom By wrapped in a sweater After that, while putting the sweater The gun fired at the luck after the incident. Called a senior friend to throw the gun away As for the firearms that brought Belonging to a senior friend Is a gun that is assembled by itself Because he has knowledge in assembling firearms Since it is a student, the Chang Phor. Nonthaburi Province Also said that The younger who caused the crime and Nong Chok is a best friend. After the incident, he was sorry about the incident. As for the cause of the culprit Carry a firearm into the school because before Used to have a quarrel with friends in the school Therefore wanted to bring the gun to intimidate, but personally, claiming that the gun was not in the part of the seniors of the police, the police detained for another 5 additional investigation, the group of the gun owner. And the person who threw the gun away All will be reported According to the basic circumstances The police reported the charges of the culprit who made 3 gunshots, namely negligence, causing death to others. , There is a firearm in possession without permission and carrying firearms in the city, village or public way without a reasonable cause. Which this afternoon will detain Went to inspect the arrest At the Nonthaburi Provincial Court
The Buddha amulet that came to the "Nong Ta", sad, sent to study but chose the wrong path.Confirm not the owner of the gun|The patron Confirm not the owner of the gun Revealing stress until he couldn't sleep. "Nong Ta" chose the wrong path. But forgive not to think about anything at 13.00 hrs. On 16 Sep 65, the reporter traveled to Lat Pla Duk Temple. Bang Rak Phatthana Subdistrict, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province, inquire about Phra Nimmalo Phra Luk, the temple, the patron of raising "Nong Ta", sent to tuition fees And was accused of the owner of a Thai firearm invented the monk, said that the mother of Nong Ta has brought him to her since Nong Ta, aged 8-9 years old No money to send to study He adopted and sent a school fee. Lately, Ta didn't come to sleep at the temple on a regular basis. Have to sleep at a friend's house Now it should be rented with his girlfriend. Normally, Ta is a person who says easy to sleep. Not polished But about studying, he does not know that Nong Ta is often missing Because Nong Ta dressed to study every day, now I'm sorry on both sides Both the side who lost the child As for Ta, he was sorry that he chose the wrong path. If you want to think again, if coming out, adjust it to be better. To be a good person and a role model of society Normally, the Nong Ta family has a mother. The father died. Right now, there is a stepfather and a sister who is the child of 1 stepfather. 7 years old is a woman. With the news that it was his own gun Not true That the news went out like that, probably because Nong Ta might feel scared Or being shocked and not feeling anything Therefore said that He forgives and didn't think of anything to Nong Ta. When the police investigated the facts, it appeared that it was a gun of the friend of Nong last last night. He was so stressed that he couldn't sleep at 2 and a half, including his relatives. Even the kith and kin who know will call Ploy as well. Normally, he has never had a history of guns and dislikes these firearms. After this, I saw that even though Ta came to talk to him, after the court decided or released, he would take Ta to stay with his uncle in Ratchaburi.
Grandma is skeptical.May quarrel with friends at the school before the fire|Reporters went to the area on Friday (16 September) to the house where Mr. Naphasilp or Nong Lok lives with both grandmother, which is Mrs. Nan Phatchayot, 57 years old or Grandma Lek. Lek revealed that Still fascinated with the reason why friends made a gun to say that it was an accident or a shot at the younger By picking up the grandchildren's student shirt to the reporter to see that there is a lack of injection Before the day that the younger occurred, the atmosphere today, the whole family sitting and watching the news about Nong Chok together, and each person was suspicious of the cause of making a gun at the younger or intended to shoot at the grandchildren. He said that before the incident, around 2 September, he saw his own grandchildren return from school in a state of school shirts. Every button And attached to the pin instead of all the buttons At that time I was shocked to ask my grandchildren what he had hit. But the grandchildren didn't say anything Smile only like he doesn't want us to know about this. Causing him to ask the teacher Ple Because he was a teacher in that event What did you get hit by? The teacher at the school said that his friend at the school stumbled and fell, so he grabbed the shirt to make the shirt lacking. At first, he was afraid that he would have a matter or being attacked by someone. But the teacher said that he didn't go to have an argument or fight with anyone Because you are a small child, continue to speak. At first, he thought that the lack of shirts would be involved in his grandchildren. I don't know if it has been a problem since that time or not. But yesterday, he called the exam with Teacher Ple again if this story was due to the story at that time too. But the teacher told him that this event was not related to the story that the shirt was lacking last time He has always tried to ask his grandchildren because this room has had problems in the first place. He carried a gun to school. He tried to ask our grandchildren many times about what he was busy with him. But his grandchildren said that they were not related to each group But when coming to our grandchildren So he was confused about what happened.
Young Rider was stabbed by his girlfriend.Relatives once warned to quitThis woman loves strong, jealous.|The 23 -year -old girl stabbed her boyfriend, the Rider, extinguished the relative's relatives. Pointed out that this woman loves strong, jealous Like to hurt the body all the time at 10.00 hrs. Capt. Chatparin Thiang Phunwong, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Tha Kham Police Station was informed that someone was stabbed in the room on the 6th floor of the Rama 2 condo area and therefore went to inspect. Police Colonel Lertsak Kheamsap, Director of Tha Kham Police Station The forensic medical probation officer, Siriraj Hospital and the Ruam Kanyu Foundation Rescue Unit, which was a 8 -story condominium from the inspection in the 6th floor of the room, found the body of Mr. Watt, 22 years old on the bed. The condition of lying on his back, wearing a gray short -sleeved T -shirt Wearing gray shorts The wounds were stabbed with sharp objects into the left chest. Cut 1 heart wound. The side of the bed found 1 piece of condoms and used condoms. The blood fell 1 book, the officers therefore collected the details found as evidence from the inquiry. The building supervisor knew that Mr. Saowat, the deceased, worked as a rider, drove a motorcycle to send parcels of a private company. Currently staying with a girlfriend named Miss Salilthip, 23, who is the renter of the room, at 6:00 am before the man's body was found. Ms. Salilthip Called the juristic person to ask for help to open the room door Before hanging up But when the officer arrived, he could not find the person standing in front of the room. Therefore called back to the same number Found that the voice of a man answered the call to open the door, not locked in the room When the officers opened, they found the body of the deceased lying on the bed. The condition of the blood began to dry. Therefore quickly informed the police officers to come to inspect the initial investigation. Ms. Salilthip Should be the man who attacked the man himself The reason is probably due to jealousy. After the incident Referred to escape to the father at the residence in the Sukhumvit area Then repented the phone back to the juristic person to inspect the room At this time, the investigative staff have accelerated to follow up and follow to interrogate the legal proceedings urgently. After that, at 15.00 hrs. Ms. Salilthip, 23 years old, the suspect used a knife to cut the heart of the heart. 22 years old, boyfriend Rider, a private transportation company with his father to meet Police Lieutenant Colonel Chatprin Thiang Phunwong, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation) Tha Kham Police Station to surrender to fight by Ms. Salilthip Which is in sadness, rejecting an interview with reporters and walking away Refusing to say anything After this, the inquiry official will conduct an interrogation. Before informing the lawsuit according to the law. At the same time, the relatives of the deceased Mr. Both have been in a relationship for almost 2 years, but Mr Sawat has just released a woman to relatives. Knowing about 1 year ago, both of them have problems with each other. Because the woman is very jealous Had been rampant to the dead in front of the relatives, pressing the host of the house to the point of notifying the patrol officer to suspend the incident. The woman is a strong lover. And rarely have reason Even playing online games, the woman is still jealous. But the person refused to listen Even in the morning, friends at the company's company cannot contact. Mr. Therefore calling relatives Until just knowing that he was stabbed to death, the woman's room died. Gave an additional testimony by Mr. Sompong revealed that he was staying in Onnut area separately with his son. Often have relatives and colleagues to tell that When the cause of drunk, often likes to argue with his son many times. When the son went to eat at the company, it was slapped by the crime. Had a relative told him to make relatives and friends trying to stop dating with the personal culprit, who had only met the face of the crime after eating. After the funeral of the dead mother But do not know the name Which the children do not suggest, just saying that they are friends Would like to ask the culprit Why do you have nothing to talk about? The colleagues of the offender once said that sometimes suddenly Walked to pinch as if he was not happy with his son And the cause of the crime often drinks heavy alcohol, once drunk and ranting inside Soi Ekachai 76 and was taken to the police station Confirmed that he would take the matter to the end. Later, at 22.30 hrs. At Tha Kham Police Station Tha Kham Police Station Miss Salilthip, 23, who committed the investigation room to bring the interrogation to the inquiry official. Before informing the allegations of the law. At the same time Pretending to go to see Ms Salilthip Diao, there was a blog officer to prevent the deceased from attacking the culprit. Until causing Mr. Sompong (the deceased father) to be dissatisfied Ready to shave the staff that "Want to see it My child has never hit it yet .. Want to see your face That day, you sat on the x at the table. The day that the mother died. "
Break the Turtle Farm network.Invade over 100 million!|2 additional cases, deceived the investment in the Thip Turtle Farm mushroom farm, seized more than 100 million, still fleeing 3 foreign countries, with over 2,702 victims of the injury value of more than 1,650 million baht. From the case on 5 August 2022, the investigative headquarters Investigation of technology crimes Announced the results of the network to deceive the investment of Turtle Farm. Arrest the accused who has deceived, persuaded the public to invest in growing marijuana, cottage, bee, etc., advertising through various social media platforms, claiming that the participants will work. Compensation continuously Later, the accused and the claims of various incidents Unable to pay rewards to the victim The injured person therefore reported the prosecution to the accused under the law. After that, the inquiry official conducted an interrogation of the victim. And collect various relevant evidence Submitting a petition to the court to request an arrest warrant for 9 arrest warrants. The results of the operation can arrest 4 arrest warrants in the escape and 5 people can hold more than 72 relevant bank accounts, attach over 17.5 million money. The baht later during August 2022, the police officers investigated technology crime. Able to arrest 2 additional arrest warrants, totaling 6 suspects in the escape, even from the investigation, found that A company Was hired to advertise Create an image Build credibility And deceive the people to invest By receiving the money from the group of people for more than 72 times, totaling 134 million baht. The investigating officers therefore submitted a petition to the Min Buri Criminal Court to request approval of the court, search for 2 related locations, namely a house in Bang Chan Subdistrict, Khlong Sam Wa District, Bangkok. 57 items, such as computers, bank books, electronic money cards, gold jewelry, watch, land title deeds and 10.6 million baht in cash in the area Khlong Sam Wa Subdistrict Western zone Bangkok The seizure of the belongings include a cash container in the amount of 88 million baht and the Porsche brand, Orange, Boxster PDK, 1 vehicle, including the results of both points, can be seized more than 56 items of cash, total 98.6 million baht. There are victims reporting via online reporting systems on the website. More than 2,702 www.thaipoliceonline.com www.thaipoliceonline.com, the damage value of over 1,650 million baht The accused who dodged outside the Kingdom The inquiry official has made a letter to monitor the accused's resources to assemble the request to be an extradition and the Interpol Red Notice to the International Division. Which will follow and coordinate to proceed with legal proceedings Operations of the Royal Thai Police by the Police Headquarters of the Technology Crime Investigation or the NCPO is still focusing on government policies. Expedite the implementation of the arrest of the offender seriously and continuously With concrete performance Consider the suffering And facilitating the justice of the people
Detained gang gangIn the computer room, sued the police, not objection.|Detained 5 gangs, the gun friend in the computer room, filed a lawsuit against the police, not against the police, Bang Bua Thong police station, Nonthaburi Province, brought the 5 suspects to bring the gun used to cause the canal. And borrowed the said weapon to sue the Juvenile and Family Court of 4 people and 1 Nonthaburi province on charges of hidden Helping others not to be punished or less punished, causing damage, damage, hidden, or lost or useless, which the evidence in the offense Shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding 5 years or a fine of not more than 1 thousand baht or both, and in the leadership of all 5 suspects to sue the court today, the investigative officers do not oppose the bail. Because most of the accused are still youth Only an 18 -year -old man who had to be brought to the court, Nonthaburi Province
Gathering a bachelor's airThe heart is preparing to repeat the incident.After just winning the gold in the mall 5 days ago|At 09.30 hrs. On 17 September, Police Lieutenant Colonel Chet Krit Kittibunyawitakorn inquiry official Thung Song Police Station Control Sergeant Major Isasawat or 20 -year -old under the Department of Air Force The accused under the arrest warrant of the Criminal Court No. 1948/2565 dated 16 Sep 2022, the base of the offense runs by using a vehicle to be convenient for the offense or take that property. Go to stir fry at the Criminal Court, Ratchada Road, ready to oppose the bail. Because the case has a high penalty Waiting for a criminal history due to 19.30 hrs. On September 11, there were criminals who ran into the gold shop within the 2nd floor, IT Square Department Store. Kampong Phet Road Talad Bang Khen Subdistrict, Lak Si District, Bangkok, with the culprit getting a gold necklace, weighing 5 baht, 1 line before escaping from the CCTV in front of the gold shop. Saw the criminal as a teenage man wearing a sports dress, a black T -shirt Black shorts Wear a white cap Wear a white mask Walked in to do the golden It takes some time before walking out. After a while, the criminals walked back again, but this time it took time to stand and watch the gold necklace for a long time. The shop staff felt abnormalities and therefore walked out of the shop. Standing in order to prevent unexpected causes But in the end, the criminal relies on the moment of the employee while asking to see the gold necklace weighing 5 baht, 1 line runs away from the mall. Riding a motorcycle to escape After the incident, the investigative officer learned that the criminal was Mr. Isawat. Before collecting evidence for the court issued an arrest warrant. Later, Maj. Gen. Atthaphon Anusit, Commander in Chief 2, Pol. Emphasizing the prevention and suppression of illegal offenders in the area, and if there is a reason about the property, the bank, the gold shop must have a seal to prevent and follow up and arrest the offender to punish. By increasing intensity Of the patrol officer later around 18.30 hrs. On 16 September, the staff of the walking line Notified by 2 other gold shops which are located near each other At Lotus Chaengwattana Department Store, Chaeng Watthana Road, Talat Bang Khen Subdistrict, Lak Si District, Bangkok. After finding a suspect man, come to see the gold images of both shops. As mentioned, walking around in front of the shop to see Thong But it takes a long time Join the gold shop staff secretly taking pictures of the suspects, so he walked away from the shop. After being notified Colonel Marut Sud Nong Bua, the director of Thung Song Hong Police Station, Pol.Col. Graduate, Deputy Director of the Police Colonel Chaturong, next to the SSO. Thung Song Hong Police Station Inspect the suspicious man wearing a sports dress Red T -shirt, black shorts Wear a white cap Wear a white mask, ride a Honda motorcycle, click 125 cough, white -black, do not close the license plate. Leaving the front of the mall Have a breed Dressing and motorcycles like a criminal, running a golden shop in IT Square on September 11, officials show the car to search. Brought to investigate the accused to confess that it was the victim of the gold shop, gold shop At that time, gold was weighing 5 baht, 1 line before selling to 140,000 baht. All money was used to escape online gambling. But there are still more than 200,000 debt and prepare to cause the incident again, but the owner of the gold shop is alert. Before being arrested
Young RiderGirlfriend's victimStill did not ask back, why the accused was bail|On September 17, 2022 at the Department of Forensic Siriraj Hospital Duang's family The young Rider, who was stabbed by a girlfriend in the condo in Rama 2, yesterday, before taking the body to invite the soul and brought to practice at Bang Bon Temple. The atmosphere is full of sadness, the father of the deceased states that Last night, he waited at the police station until 5 pm, hoping to talk to his girlfriend why this happened. Personally, he met a girlfriend once at the funeral of the deceased. In which he noticed that the woman was quite hot and angry Which he did not talk In this regard, Father opens up with a trembling voice that This loss is considered serious and causing the home to lose significance. Previously, he just lost his wife who was the dead. After this, it would have to be re -established in order to raise the youngest child who is still in. In addition, the question of the police investigation process that He asked to see the expressions and charges of the inquiry official first. Confident that by circumstances And the wound condition must be charged heavily But if the charges are lighter than reality He was ready to complain to ask for justice. Also, however, how the accused was bail. Even though he told the police to oppose the bail But the inquiry official did not report any procedures until he heard the news that the bail had been out. If the accused will come to the funeral or ask for forgiveness Was pleased and wanted to ask why Why did you have to do his son like this? In the past, his son had always behaved well. Therefore wondered why he had to separate his son's life, the reporter reported that While the officers brought the body of the dead and got into the car The relatives of the deceased were crying and sad. Ready to order that Will fight the case and reclaim fairness to the deceased fully The atmosphere is full of depression and sadness. Before bringing the body to the scene of the incident in order to invite the soul and bring the body to perform merit at Bang Bon Temple. However, reporters try to contact the accused. In order to clarify the case But unable to contact the investigation officer of Tha Kham Police Station, revealed that initially reported the charges of killing the dead with the accused As for the interrogation results The accused still rejected. The interrogation has a lawyer. And the parents of the accused As for the mental state of the accused while interrogating No stress or anxiety But with high self -confidence And in a state that cannot control one's own emotions Must be under the supervision of parents closely after the father, the accused has submitted a security for bail In which the inquiry official considered that Requesting bail with securities In addition, the accused traveled to give himself. Considering that there is no circumstance to escape And messy with evidence The inquiry official therefore allowed temporary release. By making an appointment for the accused to report to the Tha Kham Police Station by September 24 and will gather evidence And summarize the phrase to deliver to the prosecutor to continue the court to the court
Jo set up a short court, holding 14 children, binding hands, crunching until bruising in death.Claiming gold-money 3 thousand|Jo set up a short court, holding 14 children, binding hands, crunching in the death. Claiming gold-money 3 thousand, if sent to the police to the police, it was forwarded Soon it will come out (17 September 65) At 14.00 hrs. Pol. Pol. Pol. Found the body of a boy lying dead Inside the house of a house, Moo 10, Soi Hua Nong, Huai Yai Subdistrict, Bang Lamung District, Chon Buri Province. After being notified, the commander was informed. And along with Col. Surakit In, the director of Huai Yai Police Station Medical investigation police officer on duty at Wat Sawan Yan Hospital, Sawang Boriboon Tham Sanam, Pattaya Hurry to inspect the scene of the scene, a single -story house in the garage, found the body of Nong Kad, aged 14 years, the body was lying on the side. Wearing a single black student pants There are bruises from being strapped with a rope on both wrists on the body. The traces of bruises are died throughout the body for about 3 hours. Caused by being attacked The police then recorded as evidence. Along with sending the body Institute of Forensic Science Cut the autopsy to find the cause of death again. Mr Den, 40 years old, is the aunt of the dead child, saying that the grandchildren were cousin and the motorcycle garage in front of the alley. About 100 meters away from the point of finding the body By accusing him of stealing 1 baht and 3 thousand baht of cash. Before the incident, around 2 am, her mother heard the child being attacked. Srying with pain Mother then woke up to see when he went out to see that there were 4 teenagers, 1 in 4 names. Some parts use their hands to slap her grandchildren many times to confess. He saw a bad posture, so threatened that if he did this, he would notify the police. But if the real child steal, then send the police to But the cause of the crime said, "If sent to the police, it must be sent to the observation center for a short time." He threatened to say that if Still didn't stop hurting grandchildren Will really inform the police, then the criminal group holds the grandchildren Get on a tricycle, side tricycle By claiming to take the grandchildren to take the hidden gold At that time admitted that Think that the grandchildren are really stealing things because the current grandchildren do not study and have had the stolen behavior of being captured Many observation center Therefore did not report to the police until Someone said that he saw a group of teenagers taking their grandchildren to sit in the back. The front of the face was brought after bringing the grandchildren around 11 o'clock in the same day. Before finding that the grandchildren became the said body In the midst of criticism that Why do you have to do this, while Mr. Wittaya is 44 years old, the father of the younger? Which is still in sadness Revealed only that Your mother had just died last year. This year, I have to lose my younger brother. Admit that you can't do it Because there is only one child And asked the police to arrest the criminal Came to prosecute to the end. Mrs. Tio, aged 65, the grandmother of the dead, revealed that after the grandchildren of the grandchildren Did not go to school Traveling around the village Like a unhappy child Lack of warmth Before the incident, Mr. Chili 1 in the culprit came to ask for grandchildren. By claiming that the grandchildren steal gold and silver As well as threatening Don't have to do anything I'll handle it myself. Until the grandchildren died As well as condemning the group of the incident about why the killing of Curry, Col. Surakit In, the director of Huai Yai Police Station, said that in the beginning, enjoined the investigation department to find news A group of criminals who cause all the crime and speed up the criminal Come to proceed as soon as possible Because it is considered a cruel case Because the child is only 14 years old. In addition, the inquiry official Interrogating every witness To accelerate the evidence In order to issue an arrest warrant for further legal proceedings
Forgiveness"Popcorn gunman", the Supreme Court, 37 years, 4 months, actually in prison for 8 years|Prison "Popcorn gunman" after receiving forgiveness The Supreme Court ruled for 37 years, 4 months, actually in prison for 8 years (18 Sep 65). Reporters from the Department of Corrections informed that Bang Kwang Central Prison has released Mr Wiwat or Top Popcorn gunman. Inmates of the case of life on September 15, after receiving forgiveness. With them having small, long guns, unknown types and sizes Take it to the Lak Si junction, Lak Si District, which is an area announced as an area that affects the internal security. And shot a gun into a shopping center in order to extract the UDD demonstrators who will come to clash, causing Mr. Akawa to die. Has been controlled in prison since 2014 and never bailed while fighting the case
The famous page helped the 16 -year -old grandchildren open the horse account but pressed the money to use.Being attacked|16 -year -old grandfather, horse account victim That was killed by a gambling website Singing a silk page, have to survive from the case of 6 teenagers, causing the shooting of Mr. Surachai, aged 26, injured. Then use a firearm to force Mr. A (assumed name), 16 years old, carrying a car, Toyota Fortuner escaped. Most recently, Mr. Boonlert, 63 years old, Mr. A's eyes (assumed name) traveled to Mr. Ekkop. Great yellow The founder of the silk page must survive. To ask to help in the case Because he was afraid that he would not be fair Because the offender will have an influence Dare to cause a broad daylight And shooting without fear of Boonlert law Told that I have raised this grandchild since small. Because the parents separated The grandchildren are quite concentrated. There is a disabled card. The story is that on the 16th, at the afternoon, a policeman called himself. There was a shot at the car repairing car. 6-7 criminals come together to use their own grandchildren The police are currently tracing. Mr Boonlert continued that at 3-4 o'clock in one day. Was informed by a relative who was a police officer on the highway that he met Mr. A (assumed name) on the motorway Lying on the street Unconscious condition With saliva The rescuers then quickly brought to Lat Krabang Hospital, Mr Ekkaphop said that the criminal group is probably the owner of the famous gambling website. There should be a big person involved. I will take my eyes to the sheriff today. From then, tomorrow at 10 o'clock in the morning, will take the eyes to sing at Ministry of Justice This must be used to check the financial routes of the offender as well.
Young girlBeing deceived by a depositCalling to cry, still being deceived over 50,000|The young man was deceived to pay the deposit. Buy sex services for girls Calling to cry with the administrator (criminals) are still repeatedly deceived by more than 50,000 (18 Sep 65). Mr M (a hypothetical), a 29 -year -old, came to ask for help from Mr. Ekkaphop. Great yellow The founder of the silk page must survive. To help track the money in the amount of 56,000 baht back from the girl who is known on Twitter. Mr M said that in the afternoon of today They met a woman selling service. Via Twitter So I went to press to add friends via application line. And there is a price agreement at 1,300 baht by allowing them to transfer money before 1,000 baht and come to pay another 300 baht after the transfer of 1,000 baht. Women who talk to themselves to confirm their identity At LINE at the administrator I pressed in The administrator told himself to transfer the deposit. The identity confirmation fee is 6,000 baht to release the woman who sells the service. By saying that this money will be returned I then transferred to it. The administrator told me to transfer another 13,000 baht as a deposit, confirming the use code. By saying that this money will be returned as well I transferred money again. Later, the administrator contacted that Transfer to 36,000 baht in order to transfer all the deposit back to 55,000 baht within 10 minutes until now. I started to know that I was definitely deceived. I then called to the admin and said that I don't have money. I cried with the admin. The admin said Don't cry You transferred another 36,000 baht. You definitely get a refund. I was fascinated. To borrow money to transfer money to the admin for another 36,000 baht, but in the end it was the same Still not released women And while talking to the admin The service girl will always call that Have you finished? In order to hurry to find After that, the administrator also made a trick to transfer money to another 20,000 baht, but this time he has not transferred money. Then hurried to see Mr. Ekphop to ask for help, Mr Ekkop said that this is probably a criminals Work together as a movement We will take to report at the Sai Mai Police Station first to follow up on the bank's account name that has been transferred. Warning the boys All to buy online sex services Don't believe the money transfer first.
The vendors of Guay Jab were attacked to the shop.The heart of a gun fight against the criminalThe ammunition was hit by the ring finger.Expected to be known|The vendors of Guay Jab were attacked to the shop. The heart of a gun fight against the criminal The ammunition was hit by the ring finger. Expected to be known The police revealed that there was a problem with the debtor (19 Sep 65). Reporters reported that the shot in front of the house, Boon Sophon Road, Phangla Subdistrict, Sadao District, Songkhla Province, which opened a restaurant for selling Guay Jab and Fried pork rice with fried chicken Located behind the Khlong Lai market after Police Lieutenant Colonel Ratchana Saengkaew Roi Roi Police Station, Choklao Police Station, Sadd District, together with the investigative police and the suppression department to inspect the scene. Knowing that there was 1 injured person, Miss Vipa, 45 years old, who owns the shop There was a bullet shot on the right ring finger and the bullet was hit by the shirt on the chest but not penetrating. The neighbor brought him to Sadao Hospital from the investigation at the scene of the incident. There was no shell or bullet, so it was not yet known what kind of gun from the investigation of the environment. The criminal, who is about 55 years old, came to the shop. And should have discussed first And the rhythm of the criminal pulled the gun out to shoot Mrs. Wipa Had put his hand in the gun, causing the bullet to be in the right ring And both Mrs. Wipa and the criminal should know each other After the incident, the criminals ran away. The cause of the officers was in the process of investigating that Mrs. Wipa There is a problem with a loan with a debtor. Or will be caused by other matters, the police will investigate Mrs. Wipa again Along with accelerating to find clues By checking from CCTV images in the incident area
The father killed the 6 year old, throwing the body into the Ping River.Claiming to punish because the child is stubbornTo tease the villagers|The ruthless father killed the 6 -year -old child, throwing the body into the Ping River. Claiming to punish because the child is stubborn The police asked to tell the body. Will bring the body to make merit (19 Sep 65) Col. Anek Chan Sorn, Deputy Commander of Kamphaeng Phet Provincial Police, Col. Somchai Mongkolwong, director of Khlong Khlung Police Station Along with the police investigation team, Khlong Khlung Police Station, Kamphaeng Phet Province, together with the Sawang Kamphaeng Phet rescue team, brought more than 30 people to search for the body of Nong Nick, a 6 -year -old boy who was hit by Mr. Korn Kok or the 33 -year -old ball, who is the murder. At first, Mr. Kornok refused to tell the point of leaving Nick's body. Until the police had to talk to the culprit that asked to speak the truth Because he would bring the body to make merit. Then agreed to tell the truth to the police that the children were thrown away on the banks of the Ping River, Village No. 1, Wang Yang Subdistrict, Khlong Khlung District, Kamphaeng Phet Province, the police brought Mr. Korn Kok to that point, found the body of Nong Wearing a short -sleeved T -shirt Scotch red shorts In a state of lying face down in the water on the banks of the rescue volunteer, then brought the body up from the Ping River bank After that, the doctor on duty at Khlong Khlung Hospital Preliminary examination found that there were wounds in many faces, left eyebrows on the right lips The neck under the chin The chest area has bruises. And the right leg area has a deep hole In which the police will send the body to the autopsy, the cause of death in detail again at the forensic hospital, Sawan Pracharak Hospital, the incident It is considered a very shocking event in Kamphaeng Phet province. Have a good citizen to inform the police that there is a missing child, the police then have the father of the child come in to give more information But found that the father of the child Giving a suspicion Before confessing that he had attacked the child until he died Then dumped the body in the Ping River, the father of the child Told the event that The incident occurred since 17 September 2018 in the middle of the night. After that, beat Hurt Nong Nick Before separating to sleep After that, Sunday morning, 18 Sep 65, he came to wake the child and found that the child was hard and died. Therefore took the child to the motorcycle By holding the body sitting in front of the motorcycle Then left to the point where the body was found After that he returned to work in Kamphaeng Phet city. As if nothing had happened, the cause of the cause The neighbors came to say that Nick went to tease his neighbors until the teeth broke and damaged. Ask him to punish the child too. When he returned from work, he punished the child. He turned hard to hold the ball to the ground and beat countless. Col. Anek Chan Sorn, Deputy Commander of the Kamphaeng Phet Provincial Police, revealed that the incident was a murder. Father killed a 6 -year -old son, a shocking case. In this case, a good citizen reported that there was a lost child. The investigation of Khlong Khlung Police Station has investigated the news. Therefore followed the father to ask basic questions The police still do not believe that the cause is really. That acted to attack the child until died Is that the child is so stubborn to make other children's bodies But it is expected that it is a matter of argument and anger of his wife Because the wife went to have a new girlfriend Therefore came down to the ball hit the sarcastic police to give more weight to that direction However, will investigate both parents, children, including those involved in detail again while Police Lieutenant Colonel Chantonnon very close to the inspector of Khlong Khlung Police Station (owner of the case), gave the investigation set to see all CCTV cameras to find additional proof of prosecution. Caused a budget and had a child with Mrs. Phenchit Sae Lee, 26 years old, more than 8 years and had 3 children together, with Nong Nick being a middle child
Sad neighborAs a result, the father killed the child for 6 years before death. The child just led the younger to ask for rice.|The incident of the father killed the 6 -year -old child, leaving the bodies of the Ping River. Neighbor Before death, the child just led his brother to ask for rice. Tell me to be hungry from a tragic incident. Father killed a 6 -year -old son and left the body into the Ping River. (Read related news: Father killed 6 years old, throwing the body into the Ping River Claiming to punish because the child is stubborn Went to tease the villagers) 20 Sep 65 The reporter went to the area to ask Mr. Sorachai (Surname Surname), a la carte restaurant In front of the alley, the suspect's rental room, Mr Sorachai said that before Nick disappeared and found a body, Nick walked with the youngest brother. Said to go to see the mother at work And then said that I would like to eat a bit. I was hungry. After that, I didn't see Nick anymore. In the past, I have never seen both children with his father to know again. There was a tragic incident. Reported to say, "Nick's mother and mother work in the same place. In the past, he often played with Nick on a regular basis almost every day. And also helped to take care of rice, find water to eat until the 18th of September, he didn't see Nong Nick Therefore asked the child's father that Nong Nick has gone anywhere. Mr. Krok Chok, Nick's father, said that before coming out to work in the morning, still saw lying in the house. He was not suspicious. Until the evening still didn't see Nong Nick Therefore went to see the house And meet the youngest child of Mr. Kornok In which he told him that "Father practiced Nick Father took Nick to throw the floor. "Then he took him to see the blood marks on the mattress and a pillow with a blanket covering. He therefore thought that there would be a bad thing with Nong Nick. Therefore reported to the police on September 19, the past. In addition, Ms. Kittiya also revealed that In the past, the father of the child was often attacked by his wife and children. In which he is always a person who is always prohibited But did not think that the father would do so violently until the child died. Acting to attack Nong Nick until he died. They are expected to be caused by stress. The wife broke up and fled. Because since the wife is not on the other party, drinking alcohol every day This may be a knot to rehearse the child to the point of death. Later, reporters talked to The mother of the child who told Mr. Kornok That Nong Nick said that his own child was broken, before the incident on September 17, 65, he told Mr. Korn Kok that Nong Nick played with his son, causing the teeth to break. Nick too But he was not angry He understood that the boys played each other. Just helping to warn, which he had never expected before that the other party would do violent to the children until died. He also helped to take care of the rice to find water for children on a regular basis, while in the case of the case, is waiting for the autopsy at Sawan Pracharak Hospital, Nakhon Sawan Province. As for the confession plan Has not been confirmed whether to do or not report stated that Nick's mother gave a testimony to the police at Khlong Khlung police station in the middle of the night. And do not give an interview to the media in any way
Grandma is shocked!Take a shower for the 4-year-old grandchildren.|Grandma took a bath for the 4 -year -old niece, crying, Ho said, hurt, had a blood of the genitals, almost shocked when the grandchildren were told by the 60 -year -old neighbor's eyes. (20 Sep) Mrs. Daeng (assumed name), 53 years old Buriram province has brought Miss A (assumed name), a 4 -year -old niece reporting the complaint at Na Pho Police Station that the niece was hit by Mr. Dam (assumed name), aged 60, who is a neighbor. Lure it to do By using a finger to tease And trying to use his own genitals to implant the genitals of the grandchildren until swollen, red and blood seeping in the genitals up to 3 times. The first 2 times, Grandma never knows. Just came to know the last time On the evening of 17 September Because when taking a shower for the grandchildren, the grandchildren cry saying that it hurts. At first I thought that I had played something. When asked the grandchildren what he was hit by his grandchildren Khun Ta took to play at arguing. Then use your finger to tease Both trying to use hair with hair Insert the rat many times When asked how many times he did this, he said that he had done the same 3 times, with the first time doing at the house of his own eyes. The second time was done in the forest and the 3rd time in arguing. Lived with two eyes and grandchildren, 4 years old and 1 year old. The children went to work in the provinces and abroad. Grandma and grandmother have a career in agriculture and raising cows. The 4 -year -old niece is currently attending kindergarten and when you stop school or holidays, grandchildren will go to play as a child. At home, relatives, some neighbors Especially the house of the said eye, the grandchildren will play often Because the eyes will like to eat snacks Thought that he would be kind, didn't think anything, even about 1-2 months ago, the first time when the grandchildren returned home and then took the soap The grandchildren would like to cry and say that it hurts the genitals. But he had never been suspicious of the grandchildren that they were not careful when playing. The second time, not apart, the grandchildren had similar symptoms again. He still scolded his grandchildren. Because he didn't think that he would have been done until the evening of 17 September is the 3rd time when taking a shower for the grandchildren to cry and say that it hurts the genitals as before. But this time there was blood in the genitals as well. Therefore asked the grandchildren what he was hit by the grandchildren, so the grandchildren said that the neighbors used their fingers to tease and use the organs that are inserted with the gesture to see as well He was confident that the grandchildren were abused. Therefore consulted the community leaders before traveling to report the complaint The 4 -year -old grandmother said that he couldn't accept what happened to her grandchildren. And believe that this age child would not lie Therefore would like to prosecute legally with the doer Because if left, may be done to others While the inquiry official prepares to coordinate the multidisciplinary team to interrogate the victims Before calling the accused to interrogate the next step
The old man is faint, 4 years old until the blood is absorbed.Still rejecting the child|The police at Na Pho police station in Buriram province detained a lustful neighbor, lure a 4 -year -old woman to obedient. Both using hands to tease and genitals Trying to insert the lust up to 3 times until the victims have blood that the genitals come to interrogate, but the person still rejects. Claiming that the child falls down Initially, the inquiry official informed 2 charges of progress in the case of Mrs. Daeng (assumed name), 53 years old, the people of Na Pho District. Buriram province brought Miss A (assumed name), a 4 -year -old niece reported a complaint at Na Pho Police Station that the niece was 60 years old, a neighbor. Lure it to do it by using your finger to tease. And try to use their own genitals to insert their grandchildren's genitals Until swelling, red and blood that the genitals caused the incident 3 times at the accused's house The second time in the forest And the third time on the evening of 17 September At the latest argument today (21 Sep 65), police officers in the investigation team of Na Pho Police Station, Buriram Province, went to detain Mr. A. A. 60 years old, brought to Capt. Udom Phon did the investigation officer Por Pho, the owner of the case, interrogated after taking the victim of the injured with the grandmother, who is the guardian. Travel to the Buriram Provincial Prosecutor's Office For psychologists and multidisciplinary teams Joined the interrogation according to the process to assemble the case And interrogated the witnesses, both relatives and neighbors, about 6 - 7 mouths, confirmed that the accused Brought the injured girl on the day of the actual incident But did not see when obscene from the interrogation of the A. A. Initially, also denied that he was not obscene. But admitted that he had taken the child to the real garden on September 17 only Because children want to go too Because children are familiar with their home Because going to play at home often Since the time when the mother of the younger was at home, will take to play often He was loving as a child. Although not a real grandchildren, the part of the child has blood flowing in the genitals Expected to be caused by the child on the day of going to the garden and was hit by a wooden Confirmed that he would definitely not be indecent children Felt sorry for being accused because he had previously helped take care of the child since small How to do that But from the testimony of the child And many witnesses The weight is believed that the actual cause of the inquiry official has informed 2 charges of separation of children under the age of 15 years from parents, parents or caregivers for indecent. And indecent girls under the age of 15 years, then will gather evidence And the doctor's test results To summarize the expression to the prosecutor according to the next process
The security guards followed the security guard together. The woman didn't play with.Resentment, died in front of the university|At 09.00 hrs. On 21 September, Pol.Col. Sathit Sadiwong, Sor. (Investigation), Thungmahamek Police Station Notified that someone was attacked by a knife was seriously injured in the area. In front of the university in Nang Lychee Road Thungmahamek Subdistrict, Sathorn District, Bangkok, therefore rushed to coordinate the staff of Ruam Kanyu Foundation and rescue vehicles at Lerdsin Hospital, where the incident was in front of the university. A 30 -year -old female body was found. The university security officer slept on the back, with a 1 inch long chest stab and a knife was hit by a cheekbones. Before hurrying to take the hospital And died later. Mr. Polsit Lertnapapphong, Asam, Ruamkanyu Foundation The first incident stated that after receiving the notification, he immediately traveled. And found a young woman lying in front of the university With many male safety staff helping beside When checking the wound Initially found a shirt on the chest with knives. When opened, see the wound about 1 inch wide. At that time, the injured were in serious condition. Began to breathe Therefore hurried to ask for a rescue vehicle at Lerdsin Hospital During that time, the pulse injury began to be weak. Therefore pumping the heart Before the rescue vehicle came and brought to the hospital urgently, the police knew the cause of the incident, Mr. Sing, 50 years old, was the same security officer. Which after the incident ran away into the university At this time, the police are in the process of closing their followers. The security guards stated that Mr Singha Is a university security guard Usually entering the night But today is on duty with friends As for women who were stabbed, they were security guard as well, but in the morning. During the incident, there was a quarrel. Until he saw that Mr Singh wrapped around the deceased And after a while he saw that the deceased was stabbed and injured in front of the university sign Mr Sing ran away. The cause is expected that the culprit was jealous because Mr Sing tried to flirt with the dead many times. Which had to wait for the officers to follow Mr Sing to come to interrogate the true cause
6 wheels break!Crashed into the motorcycle, extinguished 2 bodies, the villagers crowded the driverAfter smelling alcohol|6 -wheel trucks In the middle of the intersection with Si 1, Soi Sukhumvit 39, the villagers parade After the aroma of alcohol from the driver, the reporter reported that today (21 Sep) at 07.30 hrs., Police Lieutenant Tripop Tanjaphatkul, Deputy Deputy Minister (Investigation), Thonglor Police Station was notified of the car. Collided with deaths In the area of Soi Sukhumvit 39 (Junction Sri 1), Khlong Tan Nuea Subdistrict, Watthana, Bangkok, therefore went to inspect the traffic officials and prevent the suppression of Thonglor police and forensic doctors, Chulalongkorn Hospital and Vice Restaurant. Modified wheels to transformed into a shuttle bus Blue Isuzu brand Registration number 10-1763 Samut Sakhon has about 50 people sitting at the end. Parked with a tree by the wall, inspected the area under the car Have a motorcycle Yamaha Fano brand Registration number 2, KK 1156, Bangkok As a result, 2 people died. Know the name, Mr. Wandee and the girl Pakthathi, aged 5, died behind the truck and there were 2 injured, Miss Rujira and Mr. Prasit being sent to the hospital. . Kamian urgently and found a Honda brand motorcycle, black-red, registration number 9 km 6464, Bangkok. Know the name of the 6-wheel truck driver, Mr. Pongkorn, which the villagers at the scene of the incident Stated that it smells of alcohol from the truck driver Causing dissatisfaction And directly into the penalty of Mr. Pongkorn Until chaotic The police then hurried the truck driver out of the scene urgently. Police Colonel Duangchot Suwanjarat, Director of Thonglor Police Station, revealed that as soon as the officer was notified Along with taking the truck driver out of the accident, the initial incident has not been found that the amount of alcohol is exceeded or not. Therefore brought him to check for additional addiction Currently, waiting for the drug examination results in the body. From the investigation, knowing that the driver was driven from Rama 9 to pick up the workers in the said area. Upon reaching the red light intersection at the scene of the incident The car broke, causing a crash to the motorcycle of the deceased parked in front of the front. Until causing the injured and the said death The police coordinated the experts to inspect the 6 -wheeled truck, whether the brakes were actually broken or not. Before following the legal procedures
Broker hiring a 13 -year -old girl to work in a housekeeper.That was trickedTake into the curtain|Broker hiring a 13 -year -old girl to work in a housekeeper. That was tricked Take to the hotel curtain Before leaving the side of the road (23 Sep 65) at 13.30 hrs. At Bang Bua Thong Police Station, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province, the reporter received a complaint from Mr. Chaiwin, 32 years old, Myanmar nationality. In the case that his daughter Miss A (fictional name), 13 years old, has a broker to find a job on Facebook. But instead was taken by the employer into the hotel, the curtain hoping to rape, but unsuccessful, only for his daughter to use his hand to help until the lust before taking it to leave in front of the mall. 21 September at approximately 19.45 hrs. His daughter will go out to work in the housekeeper as there are brokers. That someone is looking for a housekeeper aged 15-20 years, which he does not know personally with this broker Because he contacted via Facebook Later, the broker was looking for a job via chat to see if interested in housewives. By sending pictures and details Let the employer see first After that, the employer agreed to accept his daughter to work. And talked through chat with a broker, finding a job and having his daughter meet with the employer As the employer pins Which is in front of the mall. When his daughter arrived, the employer took the car but didn't take him to work. Instead, drove her daughter into a curtain hotel in Bang Bua Thong district, Nonthaburi Province, then raped her daughter, but his daughter cried and refused. The employer then forced his daughter to use his hands to help until the orgasm. After completing the work, he took her daughter to leave in front of Lotus near the hotel. And threatened to cry, no one came to help And also asked his daughter how much money was stuck with his daughter as a child and was afraid, so said that there was 1,000 baht, the criminals took all the money Let their children stand alone Later, a taxi that drove past saw his child was crying, so he helped and brought them home. When he arrived at his house, he saw the child crying, so he asked and knew the truth what his daughter had hit. At that time, he felt sorry to do anything. I didn't think this would happen to his family. After asking his daughter, he brought the children to report at Bang Bua Thong police station to help the police follow their daughters to prosecute. And think that if unable to arrest the criminal, will take the daughter to ask for help from the Pawina Foundation Because he thinks that he is a Myanmar, may not be fair
Mia, aged 61, stabbed Mia, aged 53, ending the problem of unknown love for 9 years with death.|Mia, aged 61, stabbing Mia, aged 53, ending the problem of love for 9 years. That the parties died Released according to the fate (24 Sep 65) at 14.00 hrs. While Capt. Chinnathi Bua Khem, Deputy Police Investigation, Non Sa -at police station, performed his duties on Mrs. Tui's police station, aged 61. Year with relatives contacted to surrender to the inquiry official After causing a quarrel with Mrs. Wilai, 53 years old, before Mrs. Tui used a knife to penetrate the fruit to stab Nang Wilai. Until injured and died. Later, this incident occurred in front of Village No. 1, Bung Kaew Subdistrict, Non Sa -at District, Udon Thani Province, which is the house of Mrs. Wilai. At approximately 7:00 pm on September 23, 2022, while Mrs. Wilai Lived with her husband, Mr. Thong Bai, 63, Mr Athit, 50 years old, the younger brother and son of 2 Mrs. Wilai, while Mrs. Wilai was cooking in the kitchen behind the house of Mrs. Tui, the wife of Mr Thong Bai. Drove a motorcycle to the house Before calling Mr Thong Bai Sleeping in the house to talk to each other But Mr Thong Bai didn't come out The rhythm of Tui, the wife of the royal wife used her hand to smash the pickup truck of Mr Thong Bai to call her husband out. Mrs. Wilai, a young wife shouted, cursed from the back of the house. Until the arguments occurred and argued in front of the house Before Mrs. Wilai held the eucalyptus Came out to attack both of the body Tui, the opponent was chaotic in the road in front of the house for a while The final rhythm, Tui, decided to draw a knife, peeling the fruit that was pierced to pierce 1 time before running into the motorcycle, riding back home, about 2 km away. On the way, the knife was abandoned. At the coin oil cabinet in the middle of the village As for Mrs. Wilai shouted to her son to help And Mr Thong Bai has accelerated to deliver Non Sa -at Hospital later at 22.00 hrs. The night of the incident occurred. Mrs. Tui told her daughter and relatives to report that she was assaulted by Mrs. Wilai. And went to check the body at Non Sa -at Hospital, which was injured by a piece of wood in the head, face and arms on both sides Until about 24.00 hrs. Was informed that Mrs. Wilai had died. After sending him to the hospital, Udon Thani, initially found a wound, stabbed under the left milk, 1 wound, then called Mrs. Tui to surrender, and at 10:00 am on 24 September 2022, the investigation officers and the police proven evidence. Go to the floor, check and collect evidence. And seized the knife to peel the fruit, 22 cm. Eucalyptus wood, 90 cm long and 40 cm long. The venue for the metaphysics of Mrs. Wilai With relatives who know about each other to help prepare the event The overall atmosphere is sad. Which has the youngest daughter and the family of Mrs. Tui, the wife of the Royal wife to attend and express their condolences about the incident The two talked well. There will be a cremation schedule on Monday 26 September. Mrs. Tui, the royal wife, said that she was married to eat with Mr Thong Bai for over 40 years, with 3 children, 1 female, 2, who had a career in rice fields. As for the husband, the construction work 9 years ago, the husband began to share the heart with Mrs. Wilai openly, both of which worked together. At first, the husband still came back home. Lately disappeared Came to know again, found that she lived with Mrs. Wilai Mia without consideration When he returned home, he drank until drunk. Arguing with him Damn himself with vulgar words But never attacked Until he had gone down Moved to a cottage alone, farming, raising animals alone But not divorced with Mr Thong Bai Previously, the husband disappeared from the house for over 1 year. Just said to go to work in Udon Thani. And will come back yesterday as the husband had said He called and said that he had not returned. But other workers In the village that went together He then drove a motorcycle to see the house of Mrs. Wilai, the wife of the husband's pickup truck parked beside the house. Therefore walked in to call her husband But came to quarrel with Mrs. Wilai until Mrs. Wilai grabbed a piece of wood But he couldn't fight Then elicit the knife to peel the fruit that was carried in the bag, pierced the garden once until the wife left the wood and fell He immediately rode a motorcycle home. Without knowing that Mrs. Wilai How will it be dead? When he knew that he was dead He felt so cool. Let it be laws and fate. Mrs. Wilai said that at that time, the sister was fried pork for dinner. His sister shouted to curse with Tui. Which is normal for both of them to argue Because of the frequent quarrels He was not interested. My sister's son was not interested. Soon, he heard the younger sister calling the youngest son to help. He ran and found that the older sister sat on his legs, holding his left hand. But not unconscious Therefore called Mr Thong Bai to hurry to take him to the hospital I didn't think that this was so bad. Sorry that my sister had to leave. Know that all three have this problem He had already told his sister to make it correct. Let him break up to be dating. As for the first husband of the older sister, they broke up for a long time. Before coming to live with Mr Thong Bai. The police officers reported the allegations of Tui on the charge of killing others intentionally. And take weapons to the city of the village without reasonable cause But there is still no detainee, Tui Because there is no escape behavior And will be imprisoned to the Udon Thani Provincial Court on 26 September 2022
